You don't come across vegan fish tacos too often, so Bar Bombon's tacos de pescado are especially fantastic. Excellent service, great location right by Rittenhouse, super fresh ingredients prepared expertly. A little on the pricy side, but fortunately this time my meal was on the company dime.My husband and I came here the weekend before Valentine's Day. We were seriously impressed with the food. We started with chips and guacamole (classic - chips weren't too salty, which was ice), then the mushroom empanada (delicious), buffalo cauliflower tacos (yummy) and finally the cubano sandwich (I'm already craving another one - SO AMAZING). We finished by having the tres leches, which was really rich. The cake itself was a tad dry but it was still great, especially with the coconut shavings and coconut cream on top. Highly recommend checking this place out!This darling Puerto Rican influenced eatery is a true gem in Philly. The drinks are reasonably priced and are expertly mixed. The food is amazing and filling. I would recommend the cauliflower tacos!We liked this place so much that we went twice while visiting Philly, and even brought two other folks. Delicious margaritas, and every dish (cauliflower tacos, Spanish Meatballs, breakfast flatbread) was brimming with so much flavor that I found myself exclaiming this out loud (sorry next door guests).  The staff is very helpful and friendly, and the atmosphere makes your time at Bombon feel special too, without being pretentious at all. Very comfortable place, and delicious food. We'll be back.My wife and I are vegetarian but not vegan though we use our trips into Philly to try and explore new vegan options because in our own small city the nascent plant-based dining scene is still very limited. Bombon in that regard was a treat. We were not prepared for it to be a small-plates restaurant and I don't know that I would have chosen it had I known it was. The server mentioned this was a change so maybe it was recent? Either way it should not distract from my appreciation of the food. 
The first course we ordered was the Hearts of Palm Ceviche. This was tougher than a fish civiche I am sure but the heat and acidity of the sauce was odd and addictive and well paired with the mild palm. The Spanish Fries were good but nothing special. We got them primarily out of interest in the vegan cheese which was very good. The tacos we got, fish, and others seemed like the real winner on the menu. The "fish" was clearly a tofu but it tasted and had the texture of a whitefish. Final course was a Tofu steak in a Spanish tomato and pepper sauce. While never fooled that the tofu was not beef it seemed to be purely a vehicle for the excellent sauce. 
The drinks were good but not above ones at restaurants in a similar class but we did not have margaritas which seemed to be a big draw. The desert was a coconut custard with a chocolate hazelnut crust and a citrus fruit foam. The foam was very tart and I only wish there was more of it to enjoy.
If I were to go again I think i would have just loaded up on the tacos and/or empanadas which are more bang for your buck versus the rest of the "small plates" racket.Simply delicious vegan food. Got the nachos and they were simple, but SO flavorful. And I didn't feel gross after eating them. Their cheese and sour cream tasted very real but it was fully vegan! Totally would come back to try more stuff. Central location and they've got a bar up front. Waitress was nice and not overbearing. Great experience here.My favorite vegan restaurant it's Latin inspired but each dish is rich in flavor and I feel good after eating a good meal here. The Cuban sandwich is my fav dish !In short: Trendy, a bit expensive, small portions, but oh my GOD when they get a dish right they get it RIGHT.
The cubano sandwich and the fish tacos were by far my favorites. I don't think I've ever had a better sandwich than that cubano. If you're like me and you've never had faux fish, give those a try, too. The loaded potatoes were extremely flavorful and delicious as well. The mushroom empanadas were disappointing, but I chalk that up to personal preference. We got fries with the sandwich, and they were okay, nothing special.
The bill for 4 plates and one drink was in the realm of $50. My friend and I arrived hungry and left stuffed, so the portions-- while smaller than average-- weren't a problem for us.
You may want to err on the side of getting reservations rather than walking in. They were short on openings when we arrived, as most of the tables that were empty were being held for reservations, and we almost had to wait.
Recommended for anyone who likes tasty food :)Went here with coworkers and it seems the best time to go is for brunch which is from like 11am-3pm if you want food. We missed brunch by like 20 mins because the seating area is small and we had to wait for a table but still enjoyed drinks at the bar, which were good and strong while we waited. Buffalo Cauliflower tacos were on point! Two of us had the Cubano Club which was filling. Definitely a nice Vegetarian/Vegan spot, and good music. Definitely would go againThis is such an amazing new restaurant in Rittenhouse. Everything on the menu is plant based, but don't let that deter you. The menu is fresh and enticing, I really wanted to order everything on the menu. I went there for lunch and the place is comfortable and bright, a great change from the dreary January weather. We walked in and were immediately seated. We order the fresco guacamole and chips to start. The guacamole was so fresh with big chunks of avocado. I ordered pescado tacos and chick'n empanadas. My mom ordered a barley and bean soup and sweet potato salad. The pescado tacos were amazing. The crunchy "fish" paired with a slightly spicy sauce and avocado really made for an amazing meal. The beans and rice on the side were delicious, this could really have been a meal in itself, but we wanted to try everything on the menu. The empanadas were perfectly cooked and came with two different sauces. The highlight of the day was the barley and bean soup. This soup came in a large shallow bowl and was so amazing I wish I could have pints of it to freeze. It had big chunks of avocado and carrots in a light broth. The service was great, everyone was very personable and talkative, it was an amazing experience and I can't wait to go back. 
Definitely check this place out!!The Harvest gaucomole is one of, if not the best, gaucomole I have ever had. If you eat it, and leave anything less than 5-stars I will personally challenge you to a duel in the alley. The only negative is that I felt self conscious about ordering a pitcher of margaritas for myself so I had to pay for them individually. But that's really more of a personal problem, and not so much of a food & beverage issue. Also- staff is friendly and will make you feel welcome.Went there around 8 on a Thursday. Much smaller on the inside than I expected. Dimly lit. Had two drinks, chips/quac and veg empanadas. The scene was making me sleepy so I decided not to order a main course. Might have been because it was just after Happy Hour ended 
Oh and the Empanadas were delicious!One of the best vegetarian happy hours I've attended (I only came for Happy hour, not dinner). The HH is only valid in the bar area, which is a little small but we were able to snag seats around 5 pm on a Thursday. The appetizers are pretty big sizes- califlower tacos were $3 each while a huge plate of nachos were $5, but I suppose that's what happens with specialty food. Wonderful vegan cheese on the fries. The drinks were only $5 and looked MASSIVE, while we didn't partake in any of them.More like 3.5....the place is super cute, they did an awesome job redoing the space. Drink menu looks/sounds amazing but unfortunately fell short. Priced as high end craft cocktails they are a bit watered down and stuffed with ice cubes! The are not serving the nachos right now because "they haven't perfected them yet" which is  weird but ok. Had both the empanadas which were pretty tasty. Will agree with other reviews that it's a bit pricey for quantity/quality. But willing to revisit in the future for further review !Yum! I really enjoyed my fish tacos. They made use of one of my favorite Gardein products, their "fish" fillets and had some really tasty guac on top. The beans and rice served on the side were really tasty as well and the meal was very filling. I had a bite of the Buffalo cauliflower taco and it was stupendous.
The margarita I was served was gigantic and delicious. And potent. And that's all I'll say about that.
I wanted to try every single taco on the menu. So when I return to Philly, I will be back.We came here to try their Happy Hour menu. I'm a big Happy Hour person! We ordered the La Preferida and Puerto Rico Punch. It was delicious. The punch is a light summer drink and the La Preferida taste like a flavor margarita. $6 a drink on a beautiful day in August. Can't beat that. We sat at the bar and all the windows were open. It's a nice bar to sit down and people watch.Had dinner here on a recent day trip to philly. The food is amazing, the atmosphere is nice, the staff is very friendly and accommodating. It was a bit on the pricey side but worth it for a special occasion. We tried all the tacos and they were all delicious but our favorites were the buffalo cauliflower tacos! Also try the Spanish fries and broccoli I with almonds and shallots. So good.Online menu isn't the same as what is offered. Not terrible, but of all the amazing places to eat in Philadelphia, it's not worth going here.I have never been treated so poorly by a waiter. We had pleasant interactions prior to getting the check, but when we asked to split the bill a certain way, his attitude changed. Not only did he respond aggressively, but he used profanity directed at one of the people in my party, calling her a "b***h" and telling us to "gfy" (go f**k yourself). He also proceeded to scowl at us and state he has a Masters in Mathematics.  It's a shame our experience was tarnished by our waiter because we enjoyed the drinks and apps. Needless to say, will not be returning.Great little vegan place. Nachos taste great, but I prefer a lighter corn chip. Mai Tai's are really good. The place has a cool vibe and interesting decor.Very friendly service, but overpriced for what was served and I'm not sure if all the flavor combinations really worked well.I've been here three times and I have had a tremendous meal every time. 
The chorizo tacos are amazing! The arepa was the the most fun little snack I've ever had! And the yuca and tostones are absolutely authentic and delicious.  
It's hard to imagine this used to be a crumbs! The decorations are delightful and everything from the chairs and wall coverings go together with the lighting and atmosphere.  
I'm confused by some of the other reviews frankly.  When I was there - I did use a bathroom - unlike what others said, and I also got my food quickly and the orders were all correct and served well. 
Haters gonna hate - but this is the spot!  Such an amazing addition to the vegan arsenal in philly!! Love it here!Love this place. The guacamole and chips are definitely on point. The crispy potatoes are incredible. Love the sausage and the coconut whipped cream pairs perfectly with the waffle.Good food, but sandwiches are a little on the oilier side. Unfortunately I went at noon on a Saturday and I could only get something from the brunch menu. Cauliflower tacos were awesome. Breakfast sandwich was very delicious too. My partner got the watermelon drink and it was really good.Landed in Philly & basically headed straight here
Was pleasantly surprised to get a table right away on a Saturday at 9pm.
First up was the tasty punch. Followed by an amazing mezcal rose water concoction. These people know their booze!
Food was incredible.  Glad to have a friend to share a bunch of dishes with :) Of course we had to get the guac, did not disappoint. Next up was beet salad, very tasty. As was the Brussels sprouts. Buffalo cauliflower tacos were super flavorful & the veggies were cooked perfectly. 
Coconut custard was a little disappointing. The sauce & cream were good, but the custard itself was too firm & not very flavorful.
Kind of loud & dark... um, because it's a bar :) Good service.This is without a doubt the best of any vegan restaurant and non vegan restaurant I've ever been to. The food is delicious and the meat substitutes actually taste like real meat (which gives my vegan taste buds the time of their lives). The staff is lovely and accommodating, and very friendly. Delicious, authentic, plant-based food. Efficient staff. Quaint, nouveau-classic ambiance.Lovely vegan establishment.  Ate Friday and brought kids back for dinner Saturday.  Those black beans had me.   Even though I thought Fridays beans were more tastier.  The Brussel sprout tacos were delish.  Guacamole very good.  Gonna try again.  I love the area...Rittenhouse.  so glad I stopped for lunch on Friday.  My sweet waitress was very attentive and informative.As a Puerto Rican, I am VERY picky about my empanadillas - but now that i'm vegetarian, it's become harder to find good empanadillas. I got them thru delivery and I was AMAZED at the fact that they were still crispy and warm. The mushroom filling was really good too. I also really enjoyed the kale caesar- i neither like kale or caesar salad and it was really good.I chose this restaurant because half of my party of 6 are vegan and half are omnivores. My fiancee and I are considering giving up meat, so we thought we'd see what the "other side" had to offer.
Food:
We were very happy with how good everything tasted. Maybe not blown away, but it was very good. I had the chorizo & tofu arepa, which was delicious. She had a "chick'n" burrito, which was also filling and delicious. We shared the grilled corn, which was also very good. Others had empanadas with authentic hot sauce, chips & salsa, and chips & pico de gallo. The chips & salsa/pico were good, not amazing (important to note that there are no free chips & salsa as you might see at other Mexican restuarants). I agree with the Yelp reviewer Lolly G, in that the tacos had a really unappetizing presentation, but they did taste good.
Price:
The price was pretty standard for the Rittenhouse area in Philly, and although the portions weren't as big as you'd expect from your typical chain Mexican restaurant, the food was excellent and big enough where you feel full, just maybe not enough to take home for lunch tomorrow. That's fine with me!
Service:
Even though during our visit, they had only been open a couple days, the service was excellent. Easily on par with any other restaurant around the block.
Drinks:
The drink menu is refreshingly diverse and makes your mouth water with all the options. I would definitely come here just to drink! We got a pitcher of margaritas, which poured one drink each for 4 people. They were delicious and I only wish there was more in the pitcher!
Overall, definitely a good experience. I would recommend this place for anyone (omnivores, herbivores, and carnivores alike).Oooooooh. Emmmm. Geeeeeeee. This place is legit, people!!! Vegan Hispanic bar & restaurant with awesome music and great service! Each dish was served beautifully and explained to me. I had the beef empanadas, the Cuban sandwich, sweet potato salad, the arepa, and the tres leche. Holy crap! Everything was absolutely delish!!! Highly highly highly recommended! Julissa, thank you for your wonderful personality & service!Came here with a party of 6 for a birthday dinner and had a great, filling meal because we ordered Spanish fries (really thin and drizzled with what id describe as cheese sauce although it must have been something else considering its vegan right?). Nachos were also a good idea, chunks of veggies and beans:) I had the buffalo cauliflower tacos which exceeded my expectations and were surprisingly filling (unlike those tacos at el vez!). Finished up with the tres leche cake (very dense cake, drizzled with frosting and sugar, yum!)I finally made it to Bar Bombon. I'm not big on the vegan scene but I do love me a good burrito. After hearing and reading all the rave reviews about this place, I decided to finally give it a try! The hostess was very attentive and super sweet! So was my server. There are some nice people working at this establishment. +1 star for that. 
As for the food, I'm going to have to rate it 3 stars. 
I came in for brunch. I ordered a Bloody Mary and a steak burrito. Now everyone swears that you "can't tell the difference" here. That's why I came here in the first place. Truth is, you actually can. Now I do understand they use plant-based ingredients and I appreciate that. But I dodn't know what all the hype was about.L.O.V.E. this place. Not sure what all the yelp hate is about. I really enjoyed my first dining experience here (it was lunch) and although I am married to a vegan, I don't consider myself one. In other words, I can fairly review this place and the food. The beef empanadas were super tasty as was the guacamole. Had an excellent margarita as well, all served by a lovely and attentive bartender. Will definitely be back for more food. Super excited to eat all of the tacos. Seriously. ALL OF THEM!Wow! What an incredible dining experience. The food was nothing short of amazing, the service was perfect and the restaurant was so accommodating. I had 9:30p reservations on a Saturday, friends of our ended up being in Philly with some time to kill and wanted to join last-minute. I called the restaurant a little after 9p to see if I could modify my reservation from 3 to 5, after a brief hold the hostess came back on the line to tell me it wasn't a problem. We walked in at 930 and were seated immediately. We tried many appetizers: two orders of Nacho de Macho, sweet plantains, and "beef" and "chick'n" empanadas; everything came out promptly and was excellent. Our whole party consisted of meat eaters, one of which described the "beef" in the Nachos de Macho as "actually better than beef." For our entrees, we all had tacos, the order of two tacos with the side of rice and beans was just enough to accompany our feast of appetizers. We finished our meal with the Cafe Bombon, which was an espresso drink with coconut milk and coconut whipped cream - even as a non-coffee drinker I found it to be fantastic. Absolutely can not wait to come back!People on Yelp are so shitty. They just opened. Give them time to get it together for chrissake.
Glad to have a new vegan option in Rittenhouse!Shockingly delicious. Vegan only. Pricing is a bit on the higher end especially since there is 0 protein BUT portions are generous and the quality is superb. We went for brunch. The cubano was awesome and flavorful with a healthy portion of breakfast potatoes. It always stuns me how well their chicken substitute is. It looks and tastes like chicken... go figure. I had the huevos rancheros which were two large portions with guac -- major key. We also did coffee and one of their salads. Food was super dope. Similar to a true European restaurant you pay for still and sparkling water unless you say you want tap. Ambiance is great too. Small, nice bar area, takeout window is cute, music is nice. Might be a good date spot. Would definitely go again.I'm so surprised this place has such good reviews! First off -- does no one else notice the absurd amount of flies buzzing around and stuck on the walls? It was so bad that my boyfriend and I had to ask to move our seat (if it wasn't for a giftcard I would have just left as this is just gross). 
Food was pretty rough as well. The 'fish' taco was so bad I had to spit it out.  Although a good  sized portion, the guac was barely mixed.. I mean enormous pieces of hard avocado that we couldn't even break up with a fork. Margarita tasted watered down (no comparison to an El Vez marg) Of all the food we tried, the rellenos were the best but still pretty mediocre. Overall just a disappointing meal. 
If you enjoy vegan fare, skip this place and head on over the V Street.As always the chef has created another masterpiece just like Charlie was a sinner and hip city veg.    The food is amazing.  Service was top notch.   Just amazing.OMG! What a Jem... the entire menu is absolutely delicious! The cocktails paired beautifully with the food and I keep dreaming about the coconut chocolate mango dessert. Yummy!Some of the best breakfast-style food I've ever had. A little tight, but I'm willing to deal with that in the city location.Went for dinner on a Saturday night. The mixed drinks were incredible; we tried a few. The food was delicious and all tasted fresh. The service was absolutely perfect. I highly recommend this place and will definitely come backRepollitos fritos = 5 stars!!!
(Brussels sprouts, caramelized onion, Craisins, spiced nut)
Buffalo cauliflower taco = 4 stars
(soft flour tortilla, avocado, green goddess, black bean puree, mirepoix)
Coconut custard = 3 stars
(chocolate hazelnut crunch, whipped coconut, passion fruit)
Service = 5 starsAmazeballs!!! My visit to philly with the new vegan kid was culminated with this place. OMG?? The food was awesome. I love eating at a vegan spot cuz you don't have to worry about the kitchen AT ALL. 
The drinks were also amazing. I love this place. 
The meatballs are a MUST HAVE. MUST MUST HAVE!! And the Peruvian crispy potatoes were delish!!!
Go here!!! Very busy on a Saturday so make a rezzy!!Came here for brunch and had a delightful time - great drink special (bottle of sparkling + juice of your choice for $22). Also had a great cocktail called the Gardner's Revenge, which is carrot based and full of heat and flavor! I had the breakfast tacos and my friend had the breakfast sandwich. Both we're pretty good - esp with a side of tasty plantains! If you're looking for vegan/vegetarian dining options in Philadelphia check this place out - it's just off Rittenhouse Square.In my opinion this place has great potential, with a little work on a more creative menu, having more than one server, and being better organized at the host stand this place could easily be a 5 out of 5.Would you expect anything less from an affiliate of Charlie was a Sinner?!?!?  Absolutely excellent!!!  Tacos are so flavorful, potatos are perfect blend of crunch, spice, and flavor, dessert was to die for.  (Like a party in your mouth).  My non-vegan husband might convert due to this amazing food.I am not Gluten-free, Vegan, or Vegetarian.  
However, my gf is gf, and I don't mind eating at healthy vegan/veggie restaurants. We happened upon this place, and with the decor, warmth, and vibe decided to get dinner.  Our waiter, Andrew, was great! Down to earth, attentive, and had a knowledge of the food. (my gf is good at asking for specifics of certain dishes for dietary reasons) 
We ordered chips and guacamole. YUM!
I ordered the "Chick'n" enchiladas.  It's not real chicken, but it was delicious and filling. SO GOOD. 
I'd say this place is dietary restriction friendly, and regardless of that, it's cool, casual, and has great food.  Two thumbs up!The food is good and the drinks. I docked a star because they changed the hours of their happy hour from 3-6 which hasn't been updated on their menus or site.The happy hour time is trash because most people are still at work, but to eachs own... I wish it go back to their previous hours. I'll still go but yeahThe buffalo cauliflower taco deserves 5 stars. 
The atmosphere is active and fun and it's hard to find seats most of the time. 
Great bartenders. Really good cocktails made right. 
The other food we ordered was good (nachos and yucca fries) but not overwhelming. Some of the offerings are just things one can make at home and probably better, but the tacos are ridiculous, noteworthy and worth many return visits.Love this place! I've been here a bunch of times and it never disappoints. I am vegan, but no one else in my life is, and I've taken several meat eaters here who have left very satisfied. The margaritas are delicious; I like the spicy one and order it extra spicy. The nachos are great and the tacos have good flavor and a generous amount of filling. Last time I was there, I had the enchiladas, which I think are a newer edition to the menu, and I'd definitely order them again. Don't forget to save some room for dessert! Even if you're not vegan, this place is a must try. I'd recommend getting a reservation, though, because the space, while cozy and wonderfully decorated, isn't that big.Full disclosure that I'm a fan of Hip City and Charlie, so I walked into Bar Bombon with 5 stars in mind.  A the meal progressed I found myself deducting.
Value.  I felt the prices a bit high for what comes to the table.  I think I paid $12 for 2 tacos.  Granted it's unfair to peg value to taco you can get in Little Italy (side note: some really good Mexican food right around little Italy).  Still I felt the price a bit steep.
Food.  Nothing to criticize in terms of flavor.  We spit the "chorizo"  tacos platter.  My wife was over-the-moon with the black beans.  Loved them.  They weren't up my alley, but I trust her palate.  Tortilla's freshly grilled makes all the difference.   Where this fell short is texture.  The taco filling was overly wet.  Think sloppy joe filling in a tortilla.   After one bite 30% of the remaining filling would fall back onto the plate.  No avoiding it.  As much a unnecessary mess as it is delicious.
Why we'll come back.  Nichole develops some of the best customer-focused staff in the city.  This is true at Hip and Charlie and now Bar Bombon.  Our waitress (sorry the name escapes me) was perfect.  Other staff came to the table to re-fill drinks.  Talked to Nichole, who was on site helping this new venture.  All professional & friendly.Definitely worthy of a try if you aren't vegan/vegetarian, and essential if you are! 
Favorite dishes:
- Broccoli Tacos (haven't had tacos this good in a while)
- Tortilla soup (banging)
- Finally: the Tres Leches cake desert is a must. Shit is right!This place is pretty neat for vegetarians, gluten-free and vegans. They have an Americanized Latin cuisine menu with a twist for your "healthier" folks. It's considered to be a Puerto Rican bar but nothing about this bar was Puerto Rican. You also need to make reservations in advance if you plan on dining in and not actually sitting at the bar. Although I would return with my vegetarian friends, not my cup of tea.I love meat, but holy tofu, this place is amazing. I came here for brunch over the weekend and sat at the bar with my friend. I got a bloody mary and she got a gin cocktail - both were refreshing and delicious. I'm not typically a gin fan but tried a sip of her drink and was really impressed, I would definitely order her cocktail in the future. 
I have a gluten allergy, and was really impressed with how attentive our server was to this issue. He made sure that what I ordered (the breakfast tacos) was noted in the order system as needing to be prepared gluten free, and let me know that one of the sauces listed on the menu for that dish would have to be removed to make it gluten free. I appreciated the transparency and willingness to accommodate my dietary restrictions. 
My friend (who does not have a gluten allergy) also ordered the gluten free breakfast tacos, just to see how they were. Both of us were very impressed with the entire meal. The vegan queso that came on the side was indistinguishable for either of us as being plant-based vs. traditional dairy-based. Additionally, we both were really surprised by how filling and satisfying the tacos were - there was no moment of "oh man this is good... for being tofu" - it was just "oh man these are really really good!". 
Overall, between the accommodating service, the delicious drinks and food, and the lovely atmosphere, I will definitely be returning.I am amazed at how incredible the food was. My friend and I ordered the Spanish meatballs, buffalo cauliflower tacos and the Brussel sprouts. I am literally obsessed with the tacos and am sad that I am leaving the city so I won't be able to come anytime soon. Definitely come, you won't be disappointed! Great customer service also! Say hello to Casey!Came here randomly on a Saturday afternoon and got seated immediately. The food was exceptionally delicious as are the cocktails. We got the cubano and buffalo cauliflower tacos...both different but so good!! We wanted to order more because everything sounds delicious but were too full! The drinks are nice and strong.. definitely get your money's worth! Got the grapefruit margarita and the habenero drink (not spicy as it sounds) - both are worth trying. Service was great especially since our waitress was well informed of the menu and answered questions we had. Can't wait to come back to try more stuff!!Definitely worthy of a try if you aren't vegan/vegetarian, and essential if you are! 
Favorite dishes:
- buffalo Tacos (haven't had tacos this good in a while)
- Cubano sandwich (banging)
- Finally: the Tres Leches cake desert is a mustWe had a bad experience because our server (Mike) was very slow, inattentive and indifferent. He also probably forgot our order of a "sandwich" which took him almost 30 minutes to get it to us because he most likely forgot. 
And they can benefit from making some of the food less salty.
Otherwise, it would have gotten a better review.Was a good place for lunch.. Got the mix n match tacos. Good stuff! The fresh lemonade or other fruity drinks were however very average.. Wouldn't spend on it the next time. We got the chocolate cake as a dessert.. Loved it.A special treat not just for vegans like me,  but for my carnivorous friend who joined me!
Appreciated previous Yelp reviewers' recommendations.
They have a new tortilla soup that is exquisite.
By far,  the buffalo cauliflower tacos were the highlight.
Excellent dessert -- the coconut custard was the #1 choice (over Tres Leches cake,  also quite good).
Lovely and warm servers.
The reason for 4 vs 5 stars was due to how long it took for food to arrive.  There seemed to be a mix up in kitchen for main order,  yet this was true for everything else.
I would absolutely return !I don't typically like green goddess dressing but this place made me freaking love it. The Buffalo Cauliflower Tacos (I got during HH rate $3/per ) were great! Look forward to coming back for a proper dinner.This was my third or fourth time here, and the second time with this group of friends. We went in on Sunday evening and were pretty hungry. Both of my friends are vegan/vegetarian and gluten free so we like going here because it caters to those needs. I'm fairly disappointed to say that the menu keeps changing here but with no improvement. The first time I started coming here they had a cheese that was made to taste like cotija and it was really good. They took it off the menu on things like plantains and added almond Parmesan? It was really random and my friend couldn't eat it. We barely got any food and barely ever do because everything is so expensive and they keep changing it but they keep making it in ways that it's not satisfying anymore....I ate some nachos, which is probably the only good and affordable thing on the menu. We also got yuca fries with some aioli that just tasted like nothing. I had some tortilla soup for myself and it was boring- too tomato-y and the avocado in it was definitely old (it had an aftertaste)- it was Sunday night so not sure of the rotation. My friend didn't even get any food and just ate the nachos and yuca fries because it was way too expensive. Even the rice and beans which we had last time and vowed to never get it again- still too tomato-y and no flavor. Don't waste your time and make yourself better vegan food at home. I used to be ok with this place, but I'm stopping.Hip spot with great food and staff. Everyone who mentioned this place recommended the Cuban sandwich and it did NOT disappoint! Def will visit again when I'm in Philly!Stopped in for an afternoon snack and drink. Food and service were fine overall. Ordered red sangría and "Spanish fries" which came with salsa brava and "saffron curds". Based on the menu description, I was expecting something akin to patatas bravas, a standard Spanish tapa; what I got was essentially French fries dusted with a strange oil-based concoction which was thin on saffron flavor. The salsa brava was delicious, though. The sangría was also yummy, though a bit heavy on whatever peachy-flavored liqueur they used.
The problem I have with this place is that its website claims to"take authentic Puerto Rican recipes and add a twist..." and harks back to its "roots in Old San Juan". If you come here looking for Puerto Rican food, you will be disappointed. Except for a handful of token items (empanadas and tostones) the menu is basically Mexican food with a twist (tacos, burritos, guacamole,salsa, etc.)-- which is utterly different from Puerto Rican food. It's obvious that whoever conceived of this restaurant and its marketing did NO research whatsoever on authentic Puerto Rican food. Instead they assumed that Mexican food serves as an all-purpose stand-in for "Latin" cuisine for those who don't know any better. I suggest the chef pick up a copy of Cocina Criolla to learn something about authentic Puerto Rican recipes before claiming to "put a twist" on them. Otherwise, you do a disservice with your website's claims.Pancakes with pecans and apples in molasses syrup., light and fluffy. The syrup was too swet for me. Next time I will get plain pancakes. 
Yucca frita, great,  crunchy on the outside, airy on the inside. Came with a sauce which reminds me of remoulade. My friend loved the cappuccino made with your choice of almond milk or soy milk.
I am sad that they took Americano tacos off the menu.So delish and loved the beet margarita! Only suggestion would be to have some healthier options on the menu! Being a plant based restaurant, let's see some appreciation for the actual plants! NEW MENU rolling out Wednesday so can't wait to see what's on it!I think this place is a bit overhyped for what it is - talking about the food only here as I haven't had a chance to try the drinks. As a vegetarian it is always nice to be in a spot only serving vegan eats and not having to worry about if something has animal fat or stock. But I'm still not sold on this place - I've been here a few times and sometimes the dishes are a little bland or not particularly amazing. It's also pretty tiny on the inside and hard to walk through the bar area to the tables on the weekends. Decent place to check out if you're a vegetarian/vegan though.Great atmosphere, amazing drinks, and even better vegan food! This is hands down my favorite vegan restaurant to go to in the city!This Celiac (strictly gluten-free) stumbled upon this gem with my besties (a vegan and a vegetarian) on a Saturday night, and we were awe-struck by the options that ALL of us could eat. The manager even took time at the end of our meal to give us customized club recommendations for the night ahead -- complete with the name of a bouncer who could get us in without waiting in line. Even if you don't have dietary restrictions, you won't regret your choice to get your nom on at Bar Bombon!This was my second time here and both visits have been great.  The restaurant is somewhat small inside but atmosphere is cozy and comfortable.  
Food is outstanding - everything is tasty and portions are just right!  You cannot go wrong with this place!Bar Bombóm opened just a week ago, but it is already a new favorite in Rittenhouse. It is Latin American food, but completely vegan. During lunch today, there were plenty of interested customers filling up the restaurant's indoor and outdoor seating. The decor is gorgeous and welcoming - a really nice place for a date or quiet lunch. 
I ordered the tofu tacos, which came with a side of black beans, rice, and some fresh lettuce and tomatoes for topping. We also split an appetizer of plantain tostones, which came with a garlic topping and side sauce. My friend ordered the quinoa aztec salad, which had butternut squash and a pumpkin dressing. Overall,the food was nice and service was friendly. Be prepared to spend $15 - $20 per person here without alcohol.
The dessert menu sounded great, but I was too stuffed. Next time!This place is absolutely heavenly. My boyfriend and I are always on the hunt for some good gluten free vegan food and so happy we tried Bar Bombon. We got the guac and chips-- great portion of guac for the price. Also the cheesy fries were only $5 I think! SO SO GOOD. Enchiladas tastes delicious and our favorite was the potatoes with cheese and capers! I love tapas style and we were stuffed. Great friendly service too! Cute ambiance. Will be coming back soon.Me and my friends are on vacation and are all vegan. We researched a couple places and decided bbb would be an awesome lunch option. We were not disappointed! Our waiter John was amazing, he suggested apps and entrees to us and was super helpful with my friend who is gluten free. The food was delicious and fresh. I certainly would recommend it to anyone!I was visiting my friends who had recently moved from NYC to Philadelphia. We are both vegan so we decided to give Bar Bombon a try. Place is in a prime fancy store shopping location, so prices were pretty overblown for the amount of food we received. We ordered drinks and 2 dishes: buffalo cauliflower tacos and a 'chicken' sandwich (12$ and 15$). I cook a lot of buffalo cauliflower at home, so I know how cheap it is to make it. We received 2 small tortilla pieces with VERY little cauliflower in it, no coleslaw no nothing.... anyways. We left the place still feeling hungry. 
It's pretty ridiculous to charge so much money for dishes that are made with simply veggies. The sandwich was good, but needed more potatoes. Small portions. 
P.s. I was just checking my credit card statements and I was charged extra 1$. I have a signed copy of my bill, so I know this for sure. not cool. BE AWARE !!!My husband and I were really looking forward to an early lunch and cocktails on Sunday 10/18, we walked in at 10:59am and were met with quite an attitude from the woman behind the bar, she was visibly annoyed that we walked in one minute before opening and after an awkward exchange with the server who seemed to be happy to see us, asked us if we could come back in a few minutes.  Here's the thing, in a city like Philly where there are tons of awesome places to eat the answer to that is "No, I won't come back in a few minutes"....sorry, Bar Bombon....it was a chilly morning, we were looking forward to getting settled in but I couldn't bring myself to be a customer at a place that treated customers like that.  Instead we headed over to El Vez and spent the morning enjoying their brunch (delicious by the way!).Hip-City Vedge's sister restaurant is a hit! I am very happy for another Vegetarian and Gluten Free places in the city!!! 
Food was really good and the portions were just right. 
Staff was nice and fast. 
Will be back to try other items on the menu.Had lunch here on March 28th, great place, really lovely decor, friendly service, wonderful food. This and Charlie Was A Sinner are both great restaurants and I wish they were both here in NYC.Great friendly staff, wonderful atmosphere and delicious food!
We got the Nachos de Macho to start, Yucca Fries, Salad Bombón, and Ropa Vieja Tacos & Brussel Sprouts Taco! Nachos de Macho had 'ground meat' in it which I honestly would prefer this over actual meat any day. The Ropa Vieja also, 'meat' had the exact texture of beef. All the food tasted great! The chef really thought out this menu-the flavors were all so balanced and had true Latin taste!
Let's not forget the drinks- the name of the drink has slipped my mind but it had coconut milk in it and was fantastic!
Will definitely be back!
If you are ever in the area, please try this place- you won't regret it :)Loved it! We're not vegan, but really good food and great atmosphere. Really appreciated that they had several types of mezcal and mixed drinks with mezcal. Anne Marie was our server and she was wonderful. It was a Friday night and our first date night since our new baby and she was attentive but didn't rush us a bit. We'll be back for sureAmazingly delicious salad, with Quinoa. And the side 'Sweet Potato Salad', with NO mayonnaise, yet super delicious! No meat products here. The guacamole was delicious. Everything was great. Super service, too. (If only I drank, full bar).