Fancy fried chicken spot? Sign us up! We have been looking forward to coming here and the wait was so worth it!! I believe you have to make reservations, but you'll see why! We went with the half fried chicken that includes one sauce! We picked the beer-naise (recommended by staff) and it was amazing!!! The chicken was juicy, and it had the perfect crisp to it! We also had the chicken sandwich and its definitely one of the best we've ever had! To top it off, the service was like no other! They attended to us frequently and made sure our experience was amazing and they went above and beyond!We came for a little special occasion dinner and WOW it really went beyond our expectations!! My friend and I shared the prix fixe menu ($35) and added a couple sides and it was the perfect amount of food for two people. 
BTW: pro tip from a previous review, the frites come with dijonnaise, so get a different sauce with your chicken and you basically get two! 
salade vert: 4.5/5 simple but bright and acidic, good start to a lot of rich foods
poulet frit: 6/5 super well seasoned, great crunch, not greasy or heavy
lavender black pepper honey: 5/5 such a new and interesting flavor, paired so well with the chicken
brussels sprouts: 4/5, wish they were cooked longer and were crispy but had a great oniony jam 
frites: 5/5 perfect crisp and just salty enough
cauliflower gratin: 5/5, felt like a really good mac n cheese but lighter, cheeses had a complex flavor
banana creme brulee: 3/5, good but not great, had a lot of liquid in the dish for some reason
We had two cocktails and some sparkling wine with our meal and all of the drinks were great. 
I highly recommend and will be coming back!If you're looking for some pretty good fried chicken in the city, other than Popeyes, look no further. Great atmosphere, super friendly servers. Food was hot and fresh. Drinks were on point. They also have outside seating were all the action happens. Lol.... If you're looking for a place with lots on the menu, this is not it, but I promise you won't be disappointed with the chicken options.Some of the best fried chicken I've had! Really great experience overall at Bar Poulet. The chicken was outstanding, the sides were great and the sauces delicious- really you're going to want to order one of each! What really brings it all together is wine list, excellent sections and champagne and fried chicken truly go together perfectly! 
Of course I have to mention the service which was top notch. Friendly, knowledgeable and efficient!The dinner at Bar Poulet last night for friends and family opening was fabulous! 
We enjoyed 3 apps: chicken and the egg, Onion soup gratin and deviled eggs. Then we had a bucket of chicken, bucket of mushrooms and tried every single sauce. The lavender honey and truffle veloute were our top two. 
We really really loved every single dish and I can't wait to try a few more later this week.They had me at Fried Chicken and Champagne! Let me just say... the service was wonderful! Staff was friendly and the food came out super fast. I had the Les Fleures(I think that's what it was called) draft cocktail which was good but not my favorite. We ordered the Brussels Sprouts (so good), cauliflower gratin (highly recommend), half chicken basket and chicken sandwich. We also did the dijonnaise and truffle sauces. The dijonnaise was perfect but the truffle sauce was just okay (it had just a slight hint of truffle). The chicken was to die and paired with a sparkling Rosé it was nothing short of heavenly. I would definitely go back here and bring others to show them the delights that are Bar Poulet! Oh, and the atmosphere is super chic!My date & I had a wonderful experience here, from the food, drinks, and atmosphere. Their beverage menu had great variety, ensuring something for everyone. The waitstaff was also knowledgeable about their menu and asked clarifying questions when necessary. The food was also outstanding - started with the seasonal vegetable crudite with a French onion dip, then had the half chicken with beer-onnaise and the sandwich which comes with fries, ketchup & mustard. The chicken had a delicious crunchy  coating but was moist on the inside, and very well seasoned. The sauces for the half chicken order all looked amazing and I can't wait to try more of them, and the other items on the menu. If you're craving fried chicken and want it to be fancy, this is definitely the place to come.My boyfriend and I went here for date night on Saturday and had the best overall experience. The food was incredible. We started with a cheese board that was a plentiful serving of bread, cheese and honey/jam/almonds. I would say it could easily be shared between 4 people (depending on hunger levels). My boyfriend and I opted to try the prefix menu. We each got the onion soup which came with even more bread. I thought it was delightful. The soup was flavorful without being over salted. We also felt the need to try each of the sauces (for research purposes) and I thoroughly enjoyed each of them. The chicken was moist and seasoned and paired well with each of the sauces. Our explanation and rating for each of the sauces would be: 1) Roquefort (blue cheese - can't go wrong with funky cheese + fried chicken), 2) Truffle Velouté (truffle mushroom gravy), 3) Black Pepper Lavender Honey (honey), 4) Beer-naise (almost like a beer cheese/mayo combo), 5) Dijonnaise (Mustard/Mayo combo, but a much better version of them - my boyfriend mentioned this would probably be good on a sandwich), 6) Espelette Hot Sauce (this to me was more of a tabasco type of hot sauce, which I don't care for which is why it was rated my least - my boyfriend enjoyed alternating between the Roquefort & this one for a blue cheese/hot sauce chicken combo). We each ordered fries as sides only for dipping purposes (to justify ordering each of the sauces). He ordered the apple seasonal dessert which was good, not necessarily great. However, the banana creme brulee was phenomenal. It was very sweet, but it was also very well prepared. And because we ordered way too much food we had enough to bring home for dinner the following evening. I would suggest only ordering 1 prefix dinner. It was a lot of food and could easily have been shared between two people. Perhaps order an additional soup or starter. 
Although this was a 5 star experience and I still will rave about it to my friends and anyone willing to listen, I did find the service to be SLIGHTLY overbearing. I understand they automatically add a 20% service charge, so I should expect great service. However, I felt as if I was too frequently checked on. I feel like there must be a happy medium. My boyfriend swears this wasn't a real issue, but being asked if I'm finished numerous times when I'm not bothers me personally. It also interrupts conversation. We also tried an assortment of cocktails which I personally found to be slightly too sweet. Again, they were both great. The service and drinks were awesome, so these are personal preferences. My boyfriend and I both left pretty speechless and I was determined to leave a detailed review because I must make others aware of this establishment.I moved to Philly in March and I've been told that this city has great food. I've been to a few places here or there that I really enjoyed. But when I tell you the entire experience I had at bar poulet was absolutely amazing and a memorable experience! 
First off the vibe is so stunning and felt open and relaxed. I met up with a friend to meet for the first time and get to know each other and it was the perfect place to do so! 
I think the one best parts was our server Paige S. She was funny, friendly and made us feel welcome and gave great recommendations. There have been a lot of places I've been to where the waiters could care less about your experience,  but Paige was awesome and I even accidentally left my card and she ran out of the store to give it to me which I appreciated so much! 
As for the food. I don't know how one can make fried chicken taste refined but bar poulet did it. I started off with their Choupette Spritz which was sweet and fruity which I loved and then I was eyeing the Chicken and the egg which was their take on the eggs Benedict and our waiter confirmed that I should try it. I was obsessed, the chicken is warm and not oily. The egg was perfectly runny, the béarnaise sauce was the perfect compliment to the chicken and egg. Just amazing.
To wrap it all up. The atmosphere, positive energy from the waiter and the food was amazing. This is a place that I will recommend to friends and family every time and I will 100% be back.All I can say is wow. I had heard nothing but good things about this place and it certainly did not disappoint! The chicken was out of this world and the sides were absolutely delicious. We dined outside but the interior has a great atmosphere and service was very good. Already looking forward to returning!They food and service here was great. We were sat at a not so pleasant location but when another table opened up we were automatically offered that spot without asking. I suppose they just knew. The fried chapter was great as was the chicken sandwich. Going again!I took my parents here for a nice dinner here Saturday night. We were enjoying a very nice meal together and my mother and I politely asked for another glass of champagne and were refused. We were very confused , at first we thought they ran out of that particular label of champagne we were drinking. The server then proceeded to tell us that she thought we had had enough to drink. I was appalled and embarrassed, I was having a low key night out with my parents out to dinner. We were not loud and we did not even get up from the table once to use the restroom. We couldn't have been more of a flies on the wall. We also assured the waitress and manager (although we should not have had to justify this) that we only live two blocks away and walked there. We all had three glasses of champagne after a full meal of appetizers and a fried chicken. We were stuffed. My mother and I  currently work in the hospitality industry and have for many years.  We have never had someone refuse us a drink. Not to mention the place was packed full of tables of people drinking a lot and eating. 
Working in the restaurant industry , I have never ever written a bad review and I especially would not during this difficult time . But this was the most bizarre, uncalled for and worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant. It is a shame because we really were enjoying our meal...Great concept and great food! Fried Chicken and Champagne with French roots sign me up. The restaurant was cozy and service was attentive. 
The house sparkling rose was a great accompaniment to the meal and the fried chicken was definitely the star of the show. Well seasoned, crispy, and the sauces are outstanding. The Honey Lavender and Dijonaise are delicious. Pro tip- a side of Dijonaise comes with the fries allowing you to try more sauces if you're interested.
We started with deviled eggs and the cheese plate (a large serving). Both were winners 
We also got 2 Prix-Fixe meals with Salade Verte, Fried Chicken, Fries, and Dessert (Chocolate Mousse and Banana Creme Brûlée). I would skip the Salade Verte, the peppery and bitterness of the greens and the sharp vinaigrette was harsh. Out of the desserts, the Banana Creme Brûlée is a must get! The mousse was extremely sour
This was a ton of food, and two people can definitely share one Prix-Fixe meal especially if you're getting deviled eggs or a cheese board in additionReally nice spot with quality food and service.  I chose the $35 Prix Fixe that came with 1/2 chicken, one sauce, a side, and dessert.  It was so much food and I wish I would've shared the chicken with my friend since we both took home leftovers.  
The gratin cauliflower was 5 stars, amazingly prepared and you couldn't tell me I wasn't eating Mac and cheese. The chicken was nicely prepared and seasoned but the cauliflower honestly stole the show IMO.  I chose the chocolate mousse for dessert and it was disappointing and tasted a bit off. As a chocoholic I couldn't even finish it.  I'd love to go back again, share one order of chicken and spend time exploring more of the yummy side dishes.The title of this review is "Where's My Chicken?"
There's so much to say about my experience here and I rarely give a restaurant 5 stars... but here we are. I hesitated for 1 reason which I will detail below.
Ultimately, I would highly recommend Bar Poulet to anybody and everybody who ever steps foot in Philly, my hometown, my beloved city. I arrived yesterday with my 2 best friends. We got a cozy booth in the front, champagne ready! Loved it. The atmosphere is trendy and petite like a lot of Parisian spots. Our server, Tomas, was even French. Culture at every turn. We ordered a cheese plate because how can you not. We ordered drinks, they were fun and delicious. We chose the prix fixe because it was everything we wanted for a reasonable price.
The food was flavorful, hot, cheesy, spicy, filling... everything you'd want in a meal. The fried chicken was crunchy and savory (maybe a tiny bit too salty?) and fell off the bone.
We were so impressed!!
But then it happened.
We were boxing up our leftovers because you get a lot of food. My chicken disappeared. Apparently someone who I'm guessing is a server, came over to our table while we were engaged in lively conversation and took my chicken. It was confusing and weird. My hope is they were innocently clearing our table for dessert and didn't know I wouldn't trash 3 healthy thighs of delicious fried chicken. It was a mini-debacle quickly remedied. I was satisfied with the resolution eventhough it still felt strange. The 5 stars is because despite the overly ambitious clean up crew, I couldn't have imagined a more perfect date night out with my friends. It was so special and fantastic and I can't wait to recommend this place to others!!LOVED this spot!!! Incredible food and drinks. We had the full fried chicken, mashed potatoes, cauliflower and fries. The best sauce was the lavender honey. Can't wait to go back.Fried chicken and beer feels like the most iconic late-night-college meal that I can think of, but bar poulet manages to elevate this to an art. 
I have not had many draft beers in the past, so maybe I was just very easily impressed, but it was delicious (and I never say that about beers). I had the Pizza Boy Sunny Side Up, which was an American Imperial Stout beer brewed locally in Pennsylvania. It had such an interesting coffee and chocolate flavor profile, which made it a beer that I actually enjoyed drinking.
For the main meal, I had the Poulet Frit and Champignons Frits, both of which were really good. The Poulet Frit is fried chicken, while the Champignons frits are fried mushrooms. I was surprised by how good the champignons frits were, and would recommend if you are the type to be skeptical about vegetarian options.
The sauces were also really interesting. I had the Beer-naise, Black Pepper Lavender Honey, Dijonnaise, and the Espelette Hot Sauce. I would definitely recommend the Lavendar Honey and the Beer-naise sauce.
Overall, this was such a great experience, and I would recommend to people looking for a more elevated chicken-beer experience.Wonderful experience at the newly opened Bar Poulet. They promised us champagne and chicken and did not disappoint. 
Deviled eggs (black truffle, chervil)
Poulet frit 
Black Pepper Lavender Honey
Les Fleurs du Mal (rose-infused vodka, elderflower, génépy, lemon)
Champagne, Paul Laurent
The Poulet frit (fried chicken) was perfect. Hefty, crunchy, flavorful crust, tender inside. We chose the Black Pepper Lavender Honey and it was amazing. (They also offer fried mushrooms, fyi) 
In the window front seat I requested on my reservation, with the window open, it was the equivalent of sitting out on the balcony, which is one of my favorite things. There was a full divider between us and the next table, so that we couldn't even hear their conversation, which gets huge bonus points from me.
Cute space all the way thru, including the immaculate bathrooms.
Nina was absolutely delightful.
I should have brought home a chicken.Yes, yes, YES! Bar Poulet is definitely a spot I recommend for the Yelp community to indulge in. 
My fiancé and I started off with the deviled eggs. The truffle sauce was a hit and was bursting with flavor. You have the option to add an additional egg for 2 more bucks, which I recommend you do. 
The main course consisted of the cauliflower gratin, which was also bursting with flavor. This is a good option and alternative to macaroni and cheese. The pickled vegetables were delicious, I felt that there was a sweet undertone to them. I wish I was able to explain the taste, but I know that the pickled vegetables are a "must buy" the next time I return.
We also tried the Brussel sprouts too. I'm not a Brussel sprouts fan, but they definitely were A1 and roasted to my liking. I will try the mash potatoes next time over the Brussel sprouts.
The fried chicken or in other words "Poulet Frit" (if you're feeling sexy) was fried to perfection. The chicken was firm, juicy, and flavorful. When you taste the chicken, you can tell that they lived happy lives on the farm. No Purdue trauma chicken here! Also, GET THE BLACK PEPPER LAVENDER HONEY! Drizzling that liquid gold over your chicken will ultimately give your mouth an experience that you will fiend relieve once you finish your meal.  
Thank you Bar Poulet! I will be back!Great place to chill for a happy hour in the summer. The drinks were strong and the fried chicken was delicious (although expensive). The deviled eggs are a hit alsoThis might be one of my favorite new spots. They're known for people ordering chicken buckets with champagne but offer many sides and various chicken apps and entrees. My friend came in from California so we decided to go here and order a couple of cocktails and tried almost every side that get had to offer along with spitting a bucket. Everything was very good and the service was great. I took a bunch of pics of what we ordered.Great Negronis. Very good fried chicken: dense crispy skin with juicy tender interior. Duck rillete was just OK. Duck was too finely minced and flavor of the duck wasn't rich and concise enough.Run, don't walk! Fun time! I love the concept but the food knocked my socks off! Every single thing in this photo was delicious! The sides were equally as good as the main star, the fried chicken!This place is legit.  My friend took me here because he knows I love fried chicken and champagne.  It did not disappoint!  The chicken was delicious.  So tender, moist, delicate, not greasy - so good!  We also had the roquefort salad and cheese plate.  Everything was delicious and the service/atmosphere were great.  I could see this as a great date place!What an incredible experience! It wasn't just because this is the best fried chicken you'll ever eat. It wasn't even because the sides were piping hot and expertly prepared...or because the sauces were flavor bombs of subtle seasonings or because the curated list of beers, wines, and cocktails were more than reasonably priced. It wasn't because the huge portions virtually guaranteed you'd be taking home leftovers in the automatically provided array of containers sized from buckets to sauce cups. The icing on the cake of a superb meal was the service. At a time when restaurants are understaffed with unmotivated employees, Bar Poulet's properly masked crew was HUSTLING. Vacated tables were wiped down thoroughly, dropped silverware not just noticed, but immediately replaced, and orders were filled accurately and with minimal delay. Our server, Paige was a model of sincere cheerfulness (or she was damned good at faking it) At a time when many meals are ruined by dispirited or insufficient waitstaff, Bar Poulet is doing SOMETHING right. They seem to be positioning themselves as a sort of French Bistro.  But who are they kidding? Nobody has EVER been treated this well at a French Bistro.Bomb! A couple weeks ago I tried this place with a few friends where we sat outside and had a little bit of everything the menu offered. Service was the best I had in a while, our server - who's name I don't recall - was welcoming, super knowledgeable on all menu items, and fun! We kicked off the meal with a bottle of champagne followed by the 3 cheeses (stoic & luscious were the favorites). Our server and busser were attentive and even brought us the much appreciated extra bread for the cheese that we didn't even have to ask for. We moved on to a bottle of red wine & split the half bucket of chicken with two side which was plenty for 3. All & all definitely will be back.Had a great experience coming here on a Tuesday early evening (5:30-6:30ish). I just got a half fried chicken, sparkling rosé (the cheaper option) and the draft rosé wine ( looks almost white, drier). I made reservations with OpenTable for the bar but did not need to since it was a quieter time at the restaurant. It's a very romantic atmosphere to be honest, so good for dates but I had come solo. The chicken was really good and stayed hot for the hour I stuck around, although I might agree with other reviews saying it was a tad expensive but you're definitely paying a little for the ambiance and AWESOME service.  The bartender (Rylan I believe) was great and attentive along with a waitress (I'm sorry I didn't catch her name but she was super fun and was very passionate about the music haha) for entertainment/conversation. My food (the fried chicken) came within 5 minutes although please note I was the only one there inside the restaurant so i imagine the kitchen wasnt busy yet... anyway service is quick when it isn't busy ‍
Anyway, the fried chicken was juicy and spiced pretty well. The beernaise is the way to go (I got the recommendation from the bartender) because it isn't too strong but does add a little bit of yummy flavor to the chicken. 
The sparkling rosé was a good pairing, but I believe they do suggest champagne with your fried chicken so do that if you like champagne more! I also greatly enjoyed the draft rosé which the bartender said is a little drier. Next time, I think I'll stick with the draft rosé. Also, as a relatively small person the 1/2 order of fried chicken was probably entirely too much food but I did take some for leftovers and even got a sauce container.
Other notes?
Def ask for recommendations! The staff know what they're talking about here.
They do provide a cheese menu when you arrive, which while a cheese plate is listed on their website I feel like I didn't see the cheese selection on their website (could be wrong tho) so just take note! 
They offer still or sparkling water. I stuck with still which was topped off very frequently thanks to the amount of servers. IDK how the sparkling is but if you like the spicy water I guess you do you...
They say they get pretty full 7PM onwards so make reservations if you're within that window especially if you're a big group. I didn't need one earlier but better to be safe than sorry!
They do charge 20% automatically for the service fee. I see many Yelpers complain about this but TBH I think we are way past debating auto gratuity. I tip above 20% for good service and I think it should be the expectation to tip 20% minimum. Service workers work hard and deserve to be compensated for it. So now that you've read my review... no complaining! 
Would I go again?
YES but this is definitely a treat meal for me. I spent 50$ ish dollars on the above including the auto gratuity and tipped more above that because I enjoyed my time here. I am a single person so... just be ready to pay $$$ for fried chicken and french wine and friendly servers.Great food and service! We had the chicken sandwich, half bucket, banana dessert, champagne and cider, and everything was great!As Innkeepers  at nearby Cornerstone Bed and Breakfast it's our job to be local expert guides and find the hidden gems that make Philly special, and boy do we have a spot that makes us feel like a fox in the henhouse! 
 Bar Poulet is where upscale dining meets guilty pleasure -- redefining your classic bucket of fried chicken with a glass of authentic French bubbly. Yeah, it's a thing. 
Deliciously crispy-yet-juicy pieces of white and dark meat pair with elevated-yet-classic sides and a menu of badass libations, including  fabulous bubbly, a 100% French wine list, inspired cocktail menu and serious beer list.
The chicken is organic, antibiotic-free and certified humane raised and handled, and let me tell you, you won't be eating like a bird here! The chicken fingers with runny fried egg and beernaise sauce will literally change your life so don't pass on the chicken and the egg.
Finding the best of Philly to recommend to our guests is one of the bests parts of our job and we can't wait to recommend this Fancy Chicken Joint to all of our guests, as well as visit again ourselves!I enjoyed a solo meal here a couple of weeks ago. I heard about this place a few months ago and I love all of Tria's other locations. Plus fried chicken pairs fantastically with a crisp glass of champagne. 
I sat at the bar and started with the deviled eggs - yum. I could have easily inhaled half of dozen more. I ordered the sparkling rose. Eggs don't typically pair well with anything, but it wasn't too bad. The sparkling was delicious on its own. 
Next was the half chicken with the hot sauce paired with champagne. The chicken is outstanding. It's crispy, moist, and finger-licking good. It had a great blend of spices and the hot sauce has a great kick. It's a lot of chicken, so I ended up taking half home. I would have loved to try dessert, but I was so full. 
I'm rounding up here because the chicken is just so good, but they need to up their champagne offerings to pair with the chicken.
I can't wait to go back with friends so that I can try more items on the menu,Always happy to try a new restaurant that serves good fried chicken and Bar Poulet offered just that. I'm not sure it's the "fanciest fried chicken joint," but the interior certainly looked pretty when we checked in with the hostess. We'd reserved ahead on OpenTable to take advantage of the lovely autumn weather, dining al fresco--seated along 20th*.
For our appetizer, we went with the Deviled Eggs (black truffle, chives), which were quite tasty, though the plentiful black truffle did overwhelm the flavor of the egg/chives. Truffle-lovers might have enjoyed more!
For our mains we tried (1) The Sandwich (Vadouvan-spiced crispy chicken, pickles Provençal, served with a side of frites and a ramekin of French onion dip)--loved the brioche bun, would've appreciated a few more pickles and a lil'more spice, maybe pickled onions; and (2) a half Poulet Frit (half Vadouvan-spiced fried chicken, buttermilk dipped) with a side of Frites. The chicken was crispy and served piping hot.
Two side notes: first, Bar Poulet offers complimentary carbonated water tableside, as well as tap, which a sparkling water-lover like me always appreciates at restaurants, and second, Bar Poulet charges an automatic 20% service fee--our server noted it to us during his introduction--which does not seem either unusual or unreasonable to me, but in case it does to you, here's your heads up!
*I would've enjoyed a bit more lighting tableside, as there are fewer street lights on 20th than on Walnut.Ask me where some of the best fried chicken I've ever had is.  HERE! Bar Poulet is heaven and if my cholesterol levels could handle it I'd eat every week. 
Great menu, every dish compliments the other. Frisee is my favorite salad green and roquefort salad was a great start. Oh and we did the pre-fixe, so much food, such a great value. Half fried chicken,  black pepper lavender honey for dipping because I'll always get anything lavender. Cauliflower gratin, so creamy & cheese packed. Finished with the  banana creme brulee. 
The chicken was juicy, the skin,  crispy crunchy, tons and tons of seasoning. There's no was i could have eaten an appetizer plus what I got,  but next time I'd like to try the fromage plate,  onion soup and veggies with onion dip. 
Les Fleurs du mal, rose infused vodka, elderflower.. gorgeous tasty drink.  10/10, will be back.I can definitely recommend Bar Poulet. There isn't a single bad dish on the menu. There are some great staff working here. The atmosphere is so fun, and inviting. I will absolutely be returning. 
Some highlights include the deviled eggs, the blue cheese salad, and the fried mushrooms. It sounds funny since the centerpiece of the place is the chicken but TRUST ME. The deviled eggs are so truffle-y, the blue cheese salad is covered in blue cheese and it's everything I wanted. The mushrooms are so well coated, cooked, and seasoned. The pickled veggies that came with the fixed price were really good. I just couldn't eat anymore after everything else. 
The sandwich was good! It felt like something I would order for lunch. The fried chicken dinner was great, and my partner destroyed it. Both desserts were really great. The chocolate mousse was a personal favorite and I don't even really love chocolate. 
The sauces... Just get all the sauces. They're all amazing. But if you have to pick: the honey, the beer-naise, and the curry mayo are my top choices. Truffle veloute is close. 
Just go here already if you can get a reservation.Awesome fried chicken. Great salads. The golden beets were amazing. Very friendly service as wellI just say wow!   The deviled eggs are fantastic!  We had them plus half chicken with the beer-naise sauce and the chicken sandwich.  Such a nice atmosphere in keeping with the neighborhood. The chicken was crispy, moist and delicious. There are several sauce options. Loved the beer-naise which was a delicious version of bearnaise.  Really fun cocktail menu along with good wine by the glass selections.   I can't wait to go back.  Highly recommend!Restaurant is adorable! Servers and hostess were great! We came in without a reservation, but we given a place to sit while we waited and were served as if we had a table. Best fried chicken I've had.For our first normal dining experience as COVID restrictions wind down, we decided to check out Bar Poulet. Champagne and fried chicken sounded like such a fun and indulgent combo, and the modern glam decor is social media ready, this just felt like the perfect place to get summer 2021 started. 
Sometimes overly trendy restaurants are all style and no substance, but I'm happy to say that Bar Poulet delivers on all fronts. Since it was our first trip, we went with the Prix Fixe to get a bit of everything. For $35 each you are getting a ton of food. The prix fixe includes a pretty large salad, half a fried chicken, a side, a dip, and a dessert. We both had a decent amount of leftovers. 
The fried chicken was perfectly crispy and tasty. Everything was pretty great overall, with a particularly notable mention being the Paradise Cake. On the dip menu, you'll likely notice the honey lavender dip as an odd standout, we did, so of course we got it. This dip was very interesting, I used it way more than the more standard dips we got, but I also can't say that I love it either, it's just a super unique taste that I'd say is worth a try. 
Bar Poulet is just fun, the drinks are awesome, the food was great, the service was excellent. We'll for sure be back.This place was amazing. The Roquefort salad was unbelievable, the fried chicken was some of the best fried chicken I've had and the black pepper lavender honey was so good. We loved the Brussels sprouts and the truffle mashed potatoes. I couldn't have enjoyed this place more, and service was spectacular.I would literally just come back for the deviled eggs alone! They are amazing!
Fries, awesome. Chicken, absolutely delicious! The chicken sandwhich in my option just okay- not a fan of the onion dip. Got it on the side and added it on because I wasn't sure about it so would recommend that if you're not obsessed with French onion dip. It was really good but kind of overtook the chicken.
My husband loved the honey sauce (not my thing- too sweet) but the beer-naise was awesome!
Chocolate mousse was really good!! Champagne was tasty!
One call out- they put a 20% service fee which I wasn't sure if it was the tip or not. I asked the server because I was going to tip him more than that (he was great btw). I totally get when places were doing that when there were restrictions but with it being 100% open in Philadelphia, I am not a fan of this.
Would recommend!We did girls night at bar poulet and the food was delicious. The atmosphere is dark and somewhat romantic, but the wait staff was fairly casual and friendly, not formal. We all ordered wine, my friends got soups and salad, and three of us had half chickens while the fourth had the sandwich. 
The waitress tried to warn us, but the half bucket he still a lot of food. I think mine had five pieces of chicken. 
The chicken was good, but I really loved pairing with the sauces. I personally had the beernaise and lavender honey; the honey is a great pair, but is very sweet!First time there last night. Friendly helpful staff and amazing food. The only thing I would ask for is a New Zealand Sauvignon blancThis place is awesome. Very cool concept, and executed extremely well. The chicken is out of this world. The recipe is insanely good. The chef really perfected the batter. And the chicken was fried to perfection. The fries and blue cheese were also highlights. The fries were the perfect thickness and fried perfectly. Their blue cheese is the best I ever had. The ambience is awesome. Perfect for a date. The champagne list is impressive. The service was great. We didn't wait long for anything.  We took home some chicken and it was delicious the next day. My wife and I were very impressed with the food and the place. We will be back.Chicken was crispy, flavorful and falling off the bone. Every single piece was like this! They give you a ton of chicken in the 1/2 order... should be shared with 2 ppl. Mashed potatoes and truffle gravy was smoothly and rich with flavor. The Manhattan was also perfect and they got it from their tap so I'm assuming it's pre-made. It did not disappoint. Would definitely recommend this place for HH, dinner, dates, and night out with friends. 5/5I love this place for the food and ambiance and I have been several times. The other night, I ordered dinner for delivery and there was a mix up with Door Dash. Even though it showed my food was delivered I hadn't received it. I made a couple of phone calls and ended up speaking to the manager. Not only did he solve the problem, he had a fresh dinner made for me and walked it over to my apartment himself. A very classy move in my book. If you haven't been, try it - the place is awesome and customer service above and beyond!3.5, maybe 4.  Awkward service with no communication between servers, overdone because they automatically add 20 percent tip. Felt rushed.  Truffle eggs delicious, earthy yet acidic.  Onion soup above average but more caramelization on the onions would've added more flavor, and needed thyme or another note.  Fried chicken and egg- yolk not runny- boo. Fried mushrooms very good.  They need smaller offerings of more than one sauce.  Honey was good but too sweet, and béarnaise heavy- we asked for hot sauce which was interesting but watery.  Glad we did it once but not worth a redo.Alrighty, so if you somehow haven't had a chance to check out Bar Poulet, let me catch you up to speed. First of all look at this cheeseboard are you kidding me?! This was for two of us but it could've fed 4 people easily!!! Both the mocktails and the cocktails were gorgeous and tasted delicious I have already been to Bar Poulet before and had their chicken, but to be honest for me the main star of the show was the shroom bucket (they use the same breading and process on this as the chicken and it slaps)! Lastly, The banana crème brûlée is a must, a full game changer imo. If you're looking for an intimate date night or a perfect Valentine's Day spot we would definitely recommend checking this place outThis place is incredible!!! Nothing but great words for them! The ambiance is so cozy, a perfect place for friends to sit down, talk, and have a good meal. The food is out of this world!!! The fried chicken and mashed potatoes blew me away, AMAZING COMFORT FOOD! The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable.Really awesome fried chicken. I wasn't 100% sold on the hype at first as I thought the "chicken and the egg" was good but not extraordinary, but that changed when I got the fried chicken. Really delicious, rich, and tender, I'm salivating at the memory of it! 
Plus, the accompanying sauces were perfect accompaniment for the fried chicken. The lavender honey was great, my personal favorite was the roquefort. 
The deviled eggs, heirloom tomatoes, and cocktails were good, and the paradiso cake was a nice tropical/lighter end to the meal.
Service was solid, 20% gratuity was already added into bill so that was convenient at the end of the meal. Would definitely come back!Amazing. Some of the best fried chicken. The atmosphere is great. Wine on tap. Awesome find in Philly. Very close to rotten house square as well!
The sandwich was awesome. Chicken was tender and juicy. The breading was delicious, roll awesome. The fries were also awesome. Absolutely coming back here!!!Been wanting to check out Bar Poulet since it opened and never got around to it. A couple weeks back, we were in the neighborhood, so we stopped by to grab a bite.
Inside, it felt like a sophisticated gastropub.
My husband and I shared half a bucket of fried chicken, which was plenty. It also came with a sauce of your choice to dip the chicken in, so we went with the Truffle Velouté. We also split a side of brussel sprouts.
The half bucket consisted of five large, juicy pieces of chicken, with a hint of spiciness - from the Vadouvan. I loved how it was freshly fried and crispy. Unfortunately the Truffle Veloute did not taste truffle-y and was meh. The chicken already tasted great on its own.
The brussel sprouts were sautéed and served with caramelized onions. Not what I expected but nonethless delicious.
Overall, it was good fried chicken and the prices were reasonable.
I also had the Larchmont cocktail, which was well crafted and strong. 
Bar Poulet's ambiance is cool and works great for casual drinks and snacking or a dinner date.Bar Poulet is capable of achieving universal appeal with a very small menu. You know what you're coming here for: fried chicken. The fried chicken here is some of the best I've had in Philly. However, it's on the pricier side for this kind of meal and the lack of options led to my 4-star rating.