One of the best meals we had this year! Overall ratings: 5 for location, atmosphere, food, and service, maybe 4 for value because it's a tad expensive, but totally worth it.
We were in town for the election and ate at 10 PM following the President's rally at Independence Hall. The place was packed, and several people sported buttons associated with the campaigns. So it was pretty electric to start.
Beautiful space, comfortable tables although it's crowded, you are basically hearing every word uttered by the people at the next table. Noise level is almost perfect in today's noisy way: restaurants seem to strive for a high noise level that grants intimacy to your conversation, it's too hard for you to hear each other let alone for others to hear you. At Barbuzzo, We could easily hear each other and the table next to us, and after that, it's all loud white noise. Not complaining, it was actually good. Only complaint: the place is so dark, and the table candles so tiny, that both of us had to use our iPhone flashlights in order to read the menu. 
We reserved through OpenTable and were seated immediately. We saw delicious looking pizzas on other tables, and despite both of us trying NOT to eat pizza, we had to try it. Thank goodness we did! We got the simple Margherita pizza, which really shows off a restaurant's ability, and show it did. Amazing. Scrumptious. Perfect crust: crispy, chewy, flavorful. Like few others. Burnt in a good way obviously made in a very hot oven (wood fired?).
Beer and wine selection outstanding, someone obviously put love and attention into this. A wine special was an Austrian red, which my wife had: delicious. I had a Sierra Nevada pilsner, again, amazing. Both of us immediately thought of the delicious beers we enjoyed in Netherlands and Germany that tasted so different (and better) than what we get here in the US, and this had that same distinct wonderful fresh flavorful taste.
I got a burrata salad (grilled heirloom carrot, pickled rainbow chard, arugula paesto, marcona almonds), amazing, and unlike anything I've had. Wife had chestnut agnolotti (heirloom squash, roasted celery root, sage brown butter, shaved chestnuts) that tasted sweet. She was crazy about it, I found it sweet but no matter, it was delicious. Closed off the evening with decaf cappuccino (her) and another beer (me). 
I can't wait to return here. Well done Barbuzzo!It gets even better!   I've been here twice now and I LOVE this spot!  I think its my favorite place to eat in Philly.  The food here is out of this world.  I ate here on a warm Friday night in March 2011.  We were seated at a table outdoors.... it was a great evening for amazing food.
The pizza here is very good.  Its not the best I have ever had, but it really is up there at the top of the list.  VERY good!   Try the pizza with the fried egg... its great!
The pastas here are fantastic... salads.... veggies... meatballs.... not one thing I have had here is terrible. 
The best thing I have had here is the salted caramel dessert.  It is out of this world delicious!   You must try it!   
This is one of my favorite places in the US.... its really that good!My fiancé and I held our rehearsal dinner in the private room upstairs and it was Fantastic! The room was beautiful and the food was delicious. We worked with Jess to coordinate our event over the past year and she was the absolute best - always easy to communicate with and answer our questions. She made sure the planning of and the event itself went smoothly. 
We opted for the 3 course seated dinner and everyone was raving about the food. The menu:
Starters served family style: 
1. Sheep's milk ricotta
2. Roasted beet salad
3. Stuffed  meatballs
4. Seared shrimp
Entree choices
1. Pumpkin carbonara 
2. Short rib 
3. Chicken Saltimbocca 
4. Sunday gravy 
Dessert choices 
1. Salted Caramel budino
2. Seasonal bread pudding 
3. Tiramisu 
All of the food looked amazing and like I said our guests were raving about all of it. I would highly recommend having your next private event at Barbuzzo!!Absolutely great place to enjoy modern and classic Italian cuisine in authentic atmosphere. 
Food is so good, I didn't have moment to snap a picture, but I did get the dessert :)
All courses were good: 
Burrata salad with roasted carrot, then pappardelle with zucchini and cheese, and grand finale - tiramisu plus white chocolate gelato, and if not enough, added blackberry-bergamot tea sorbet...
Simply Yum!Treated extremely rudely while waiting for a bar seat. Hostess told us to sit at the bar and literally as we approach the bar the hostess tells us we cannot sit and he has no seats. I Have never felt so disrespected in an establishment that i have frequented for years.Just went here for restaurant week lunch. One word.. YUM! Probably the happiest and most satisfied I've been with a meal during restaurant week.
It was the first restaurant week experience where I really had no idea what to choose because everything looked so appealing. Every menu item spoke to me. Good thing I went with friends! We all decided to get something different and get smaller plates so we could just share everything we ordered. For appetizers, the soup was hearty and complexly herbalicious and the vegetable antipasti made you smile. The ricotta appetizer I would definitely order again. I dare say I'd go back just to get that cheese. It's smooth like butter cream. My goodness. Get it. And you'll find out. I could just eat that and I'd be happy.
For entrees we ordered the chicken saltimbocca, the salsiccia pizza, and the sicilian style bronzino. The sizes were perfect. Actually the pizza was larger than I had anticipated. It was the size of a regular medium pizza and came with fresh oregano (on the twig!) and pepper oil.
The desserts were pretty awesome. I would have chosen the usual tiramisu but decided to live life on the wild side and try the budino. If you love salted caramel this dessert was made for you. My comrades, on the other hand, had never even heard of salted caramel and did not like the new concept. Don't worry about them, they're boring.
One good tip I learned from their website. Make a reservation. If you don't you can only sit at the counter or the bar. To sit at the big people's tables you have to have a reservation, so go on open table for that.This restaurant is located in one of my favorite spots in the city. My friends and I ordered the cheese board, Asparago Pizza (a MUST), Margherita Pizza (average), Fava and Preserved Lemon Arancini (very good), Casarecce Pasta (eh, could have done without) and of course, BUDINO! I am still craving the Asparago Pizza. I cannot wait to come back for another serving and to try out more menu items.My friends and I came here to celebrate a birthday.  It was a great venue to have a small get together.  Food is decent--maybe not worth how much we paid for it.  However, we talked about it, and we agreed this is the type of restaurant you come for the ambiance.  We sat outside, and it was a fun and cute experience.This is one of my friend's favorite restaurants of all time, and I've been here twice with her, both for restaurant week. The deal itself was amazing-- $20 for a three-course lunch--, so I have absolutely nothing to complain about. Barbuzzo is on 13th street, which is lined with great intimate restaurants owned under the same umbrella company (others include some of my favorite of all time, Jamonera and Lolita). The waitservice was so polite and did not bother us excessively, yet our waters were always filled, and I didn't even mind sitting 5 inches away from the next table because the space is conducive to intimacy and a great time with a small group of friends.
I ordered the famous ricotta sheep cheese, which came with perfectly toasted bread, and used it to scrape the plate! The cheese was so smooth and creamy, yet not too heavy. The second course I ordered was a sausage rigatoni, which could have been made vegetarian. The portion was small, but surprisingly filling; I especially enjoyed the roasted tomatoes but thought the pasta itself was a bit salty, probably from the sausage and sauce on top of that. Finally, my last course was the budino, which I enjoyed because I love caramel, but my friends said it was too much and scraped it off. The layer of chocolate cookie on the bottom was delicious though, so make sure each spoonful reaches the bottom of the jar!!I'll make this short and sweet.  
Small place, good wines by the glass (have the pino noir), good service and great location.  
I had the gnocchi (must have), ricotta and figs (second favorite) and the meatballs (too much oregano, a bit salty but still tasty).  All three of those dishes are good to share with another partner.  However, I would have the gnocchi and not sure if I had a choice.  If i could repeat that dinner 10 times over, I wouldn't mind.We were in town for business meetings and went here the first night in town. It was so good that we went back again before we left. Everything we had was delicious! We had the Mais pizza. It was very different than any pizza I have ever had but it was also the BEST pizza I've ever had! The meat balls were amazing. The salted caramel dessert is a must. The fish was wonderful. And salads were fresh and very good.I recently stopped by here for a light dinner (filled up on garbage earlier in the day) and was happily impressed.  I ordered the grilled octopus and the skirt steak, both of which had a complex build of flavor and were perfectly cooked.  The octopus was melt in your mouth and the steak was just the right shade of pink.  The overall texture, flavor, presentation and service made my meal memorable.  Add in the bread pudding for desert and it was an especially good event.  I suggest everyone go and find out for themselves.I went to Barbuzzo for Restaurant Week with 2 friends. Well worth the $40+ dollars I spent on this dinner. I tried the meatballs and sweet potato bruschetta for the first course. I thought the meatballs were the perfect portion size and the flavor was well-seasoned complete with melted cheese on top. My second course was split between strazzopretti and the gnocchi. The gnocchi was the highlight of the meal and I savored each bite. The consistency and texture was perfect as it felt like it melted on the tongue. For dessert, we split the tiramisu, butter cake, and something salted caramel. None of us were a fan of the salted caramel and my personal favorite was the tiramisu. It had many contrasting flavors of cappucino, milk, and hazelbut that simply worked! Overall, great experience will come back when my wallet isn't so depleted yas.this restaurant is freaking gangsta.
sat at the bar and watched the chefs do work. it was facisating to watch them taste all the food as they cooked. Awesome, awesome meal. Get the liver app, get the cheese stuffed meatballs, get a lot of drinksI rarely take a chance on restaurants where I view the menu as limited. My colleague suggested it while we were walking down 13th. I was hesitant at first, but I'm glad I went. Every dish we picked was amazing! The Sheep's Milk appetizer, the Tonnarelli, and the Tufoli were GREAT! 
I'll be back... even if it's takeout. Loved it!Visiting area and found this place in Yelp. Based on all the positive reviews, how could I go wrong?
I didn't.
The food was savory, the interior design is  a creative blend of modern lines / rustic textures / warm lighting.
We ate here twice on our weekend visit. Can't wait to go back.
Try the fig and prosciutto pizza!The food was seasoned perfectly, the portions generous for such a popular restaurant. The noise level got a bit much at times, but the food and wine more than made up for that.Amazing how packed Barbuzzo is well past my bed time!
Came in ~8:30pm and got a stool at the counter - amazing experience - forego the table if you can!
Ordered a glass of Tempranillo (darn good red) and a seared tuna with smoked peppers, olives and orange segments, followed by the salted caramel budino - oh, the budino - sweet, salty, smooth, crunchy, yum.Perfect place for tapas! We sat at the chefs bar and got to see all of the amazing food being made so we knew exactly what to order. Glad we found this gem!Tried Barbuzzo after seeing 1k reviews and good ratings.  We had a beet salad which was excellent.  For main course we shared gnocchi and acorn squash tortelli. Both were good but we both agreed the tortelli was the best.  Would definitely recommend.  For desserts we tried the budino and bread pudding.  Both also very good. Our favorite was the bread pudding.  Service was excellent and we felt lucky to get a seat at the bar without a reservation on a busy Friday night.  Great place in downtown Philly!Third time at Barbuzzo but first for lunch.  I had a meeting to get to and just happened to be in close proximity to Barbuzzo.  I made a spur of the moment decision to have lunch at BarbuzzoMy.  My server Casandra got my order in right away and was definitely one of the best servers ever.  She knew I was in a time crunch but got me in and out in 30 mins.  The Uovo Pizza was amazing as usual.  Love Barbuzzo even more than before thanks to Casandra.I thought it was amazing!!! Someone told me about it, raving on and on about the place so I decided to take a friend. The drinks are pleasantly strong, the margarita pizza is to die for (love the fresh oregano and pepper sauce) the meatballs with melted cheese in the center are OUTRAGEOUS, but the gnocchi dish is boring... little flavor and just too much going on with the plate. The service was outstanding, the establishment in general was very clean and they EVEN have a coat check!! All in all it was fantastic!!!! It was so good that I'm bringing a date there and I reserved a spot at the grill so we can watch them cook!Ate on a Saturday at 9 PM... You definitely need a reservation, folks!
Sheeps Milk Ricotta - so tasty. I LOVED the bread that came with it... very easy to bite into and charred.
Sottaceto pizza - overall, the pizza was pretty good. I thought the ingredients were excellent, while the crust was just okay.
Pan Seared Gnocchi - interesting! It was nice to try gnocchi in a new way. I don't know if I prefer it, but it was enjoyable. 
I was really disappointed that we weren't as hungry as we would have liked... Otherwise I would have tried more!Sampan was packed so my friend and I opted for Barbuzzo where we were seated right away. I had terrible service at this restaurant but I won't let that hinder this review because the food here was simply amazing!
Right off the bat, my favorite dish was the Sheeps Milk Ricotta - the  bread was grilled amazingly and the sheeps milk riccotta along with its seasoning was very decadent. The Uovo pizza was pretty good, the truffled farm egg, along with their secret white sauce made the taste so decadent, however half of the crust was burnt (not a fan), and I wish the pie itself was crisper. The Caciocavallo Stuffed Meatballs were quite large portions, pretty good. The Grilled Skirt Steak were SUPER tender, I fell in love at first chew. 
The desserts were okay. I got the Salted Caramel Budino which was actually pretty amazing and a good price for the portion. However, my friend got the tiramisu which had a rather boring consistency, and a lackluster taste.  
OVERALL, skip the dessert, you'd definitely rather be eating their pizza anyways.The food was amazing and perfect for 4 vegetarians! We ordered the cheese board, mediterranean olives, sauteed calabrian greens, mia pera pizza, and heirloom squash and gorgonzola agnolotti. I honestly can't say which was my favorite, as each was equally unique and tasty. We were a table of 4, and each dish was perfect for us to share. We ordered the salted caramel budino and the apple & raisin bread pudding for dessert (yumm).
Just be mindful that the staff seems overworked and not entirely friendly.Came here for happy hour and literally only stayed for an hour.
$4 sangria was okay, but their $5 Pinot was a steal. We also got the vegetable board - yes, vegetable board. Definitely something I would never order, but glad we did because it happened to be a someone healthier  snack with the same explosion of favors as something fatty. 
Beware, this place is quite squished! I'm on the smaller side in terms of physique but still had a lot of trouble getting in and out of my table. I also sat about 3 inches (literally) away from the next table. Definitely heard their entire date.Heard such great things about this place from everyone I knew in the Philadelphia area and it's ALWAYS packed. I tried it once for lunch and I don't think I got that full experience that everyone spoke about (the menu is smaller and just not the same)
Finally I brought myself back here for a late night dinner and found out what I was missing! The ricotta appetizer is absolutely sexual it's so good, and then we got the mortadella pizza and the vesuvio pasta, both really amazing. The pizza was pretty big and I was skeptical because it has sliced fingerling potatoes on it, but some of the ingredients on the menu are weird and you just need to trust that they know what they're doing because they certainly do!
So good, I will definitely be back. And they have a great drink menu! I love that they serve their full menu until midnight on Friday and Saturday too :)Ordered the Maiale pizza with eggplant and ham and had the Meatball appetizer-caciocavallo stuffed meatballs. Both were excellent and service was quick. We came during a weekday for lunch and seemed pretty full.J'ai fait une véritable découverte à Philadelphie, en dinant chez Barbuzzo, un restaurant italien tendance, qui nous a été recommandé par notre hôtel. La découverte a été multiple : l'ambiance du lieu : sophistiquée en restant " cool " ; un service prévenant, malgré que le restaurant fût plein ; et des plats à tomber par terre !
Nous étions trois personnes, et nous avons partagé ou goûté chacun des plats qui nous étaient servis : j'ai apprécié mes gnocchis, la pizza napolitaine que nous avons partagée...
Malgré le monde, le service a été adorable, venant régulièrement demander si tout allait bien, et n'a pas manqué de nous servir de l'eau sans que nous le demandions.
Le cadre est lounge et branchouille, et l'atmosphère est assez cool.
Un restaurant qui m'a vraiment plu !Great tapas bar with wonderful selection of wines beer and small plates.  Order at least 2-3 per person.Great place. Great food. These things are obvious and I can't say enough about that. Read the other reviews. They are extremely accurate. However, there is one problem. If you make a noon reservation, show up at 12:05. For some strange reason, they won't open the doors until noon on the dot. Why do they even take noon reservations then? I have no idea. I go at 11:55 and try to open the door and see it's locked. The woman through the window simply looked at me and turned her back. Not only is this rude, but it's nonsensical. Is the expectation that all the noon reservations then must rush in at the same time and wait? Very much an illogical policy.I expected more, to be honest. food was ok, def overpriced for lunch menu. Service also was just ok.Absolutely stupidly ridiculously delicious.  Octopus wasn't mind blowing, but the rest of our dinner was that and then some.  The steak and gnocchi may have been among the best I've ever had.  The budino is a must have even if you're not a huge salted caramel fan, (I'm not and it was absolutely divine).  Stop reading, start eating.  NOW.I've been to Barbuzzo before but never for Restaurant Week until last night. Usually RW is pretty hit or miss and sometimes it is not a great deal, but I really think it is at Barbuzzo. We also got the 25 dollar wine tasting menu to go with it, because why not? Treat yoself.
My friend and I were seated right away and service was good the whole night. The meal started with the Sheep's milk ricotta which is creamy and mildly sweet and paired with delicious grilled bread. For our first courses, we tried the beet and kale salad and the pear bruschetta. The salad was really flavorful for being a salad-- definitely can't go wrong with a beet-goat cheese combo and the pistachio pesto added a new element. The bruschetta was on that same delicious bread and had creamy gorgonzola, roasted pears, and prosciutto on them which was a winning combo. My friend was a vegetarian so they put the prosciutto on the side for me.
I got the gnocci as my second course and I thought it was good, though not amazing. The gnocchi itself were puffy and also pan seared so they had a great texture. I could have used some more mushrooms though and I didn't love the cherry tomatoes in the dish. My friend enjoyed the campanelle pasta. We both ended with the budino which is a must get. The salted vanilla caramel blends so well with the chocolate. I am not usually a dessert person but this one is just too good. 
The wine pairing was a good deal but I personally didn't care for the 2nd (white wine) or 3rd wine (forget the name but it was not the port one) that I got that much. The cava was great but after that I felt that the others were a bit too sweet.
All in all, a delicious meal which is not surprising for Barbuzzo!Tried the antipastoo sooo good!! If you like cheese and veggies! Good service! Crowded place a great bar... and ordening the salted caramel budino that is in the top list of dessertss from the locals... deffinitely worth making a reservation if your more than 2...Ok, call me Guilty - ended up at Barbuzzo today bc it was part of Restaurant Week.  Slap my face and call me Funny!  Barbuzzo did not disappoint!  I had the sheep's milk ricotta (super creamy ricotta drizzled with aged balsamic and extra virgin olive oil , seasoned with a pinch of salt and thyme, and served with grilled bread slices), the branzino over Israeli couscous and artichoke with a lemony sauce, and the caramel dessert.  I liked the ricotta, but what made the dish was the sweet aged balsamic - mmmm, so good.  My favorite part of the whole meal was this red-colored tapenade that topped my branzino - really to die for.  I tried to ask the waitress what it was, but she couldn't hear me correctly or something bc she kept saying, "I'm so happy you're enjoying it!"....ummm, "But what's this made of?" to which she asks,"It's really good isn't it?"...lol, I just gave up asking.  The dessert was a little rich for me, but it wasn't bad...it just didn't really hit the spot.  
I sat at the kitchen bar and got to stare at the cooks a cooking, but I didn't mind.  I was curious as to what each person was making, but that just means I have to come back until I taste everything on the menu.  Great little cozy place.  Great waitstaff and kitchen staff.  Nice atmosphere...can't wait to come back.  Why hadn't I come here earlier?????Much enjoyed my first visit to Philly and eating at Barbuzzo. We sat by the cook station. Was so much fun watching them make and plate to perfection.
Tried the Marrow, was tasty but more enjoyed the marrow condiments (fennel mostarda, grilled bread, radish parsley salad). However, the sage raviolis and the Uovo Pizza were out of this world tasty. Flavors of cooking I would love to have nightly. 
Then you take a step across the street for dessert at the gelato place. Perfecto meal.Delicious!! Had the Stuffed Meatballs, AMAZING! The Uovo(Truffle Egg) Pizza was delicious! The service was excellent. 
Butterscotch/Caramel fan? have the Boudino dessert.Lovely, small place. The food is amazing and well-prepared. We had the sardines (much classier than the ones we all remember from 'The Burbs'), the octopus salad (ahhhh-mazing) and a pizza. The waiter also gave us some goat cheese with crustinis (by far my favorite part of the meal). Not too pricey and definitely worth it. Seriously, that goat cheese... can I get an Amen?!I stopped out for a late night bite and stumbled upon this little place. 
The staff was very on top of the menu. They offered good recommendations, were friendly, fast and charming.
The food was great. Starting with the beet salad and the sautéed greens. The salad was one of the best I've had. The pork ragu was excellent. Decent portions on the smaller size, but the price was good. Dessert was really a nice capper. The dark chocolate caramel. And they serve food til midnight.
Highly recommend this nice little place.We had dinner here on our first visit to Philly and we were really impressed with the place. 
They were full when we first arrived but the host took my cell number to call me when a table was available. We had just enough time to grab a pint around the corner before he called and let us know that there was a table outside on the sidewalk. The weather was beautiful and the people-watching outside was great. 
To start we ordered the charcuterie board. The sausage that came on it was the probably the best I have ever had. Next up was the Margherita pizza which was also fantastic. The crust was the perfect thickness and baked just right. We rounded out dinner with the grass fed strip steak and pan seared gnocchi both of which did not disappoint. The steak was a perfect medium rare and the gnocchi tasted very fresh. 
All in all this was a very memorable meal; highly recommended.Outstanding Italian food.  
I had the arancini to start -- to die for. Then the house-made campanelle with walnut pesto and preserved lemon and just a dollop of whipped ricotta on top. OMG. Would come here every night if I lived in Philly.Outstanding food but poor service. Charged for bread without mentioning that it's not complementary. Took it off later but matter of factly said "it's on the menu." Didn't ask if we wanted pepper on the pasta. Upon asking for said pepper, just placed the pepper grinder on the table instead of grinding it on the pasta. Paid very little attention to us in general and kept giving an attitude of being in a real hurryAhhh wish it was a little brighter inside but everything else is outstanding!Great service, delicious food, UNREAL dessert - we got the brussel sprouts, uovo pizza, and budino and for two people and we could barely finish the meal. I had to take a slice of pizza home and it was just as tasty the next day!Excelent restaurant! I had the Sheeps Milk Ricotta, Campanella Neri and Salted Caramel Budino. They were all amazing, way better than I was expecting. I went for lunch at around opening time which is why my service was quick and Excellent. By the time I left the restaurant was completely full. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone.
Sheeps Milk Ricotta:
The bread was buttery, soft and crunchy. Great flavor. The ricotta was mild and smooth and it paired well with the extra virgin olive oil. All the components worked perfectly together. Crunchiness and salty butteriness from the bread, smoothness and savoriness from the ricotta and extra virgin olive oil. For an appetizer the portion is good for 2 people. Overall 5/5 
Pasta- Campanella Neri 
The pasta was cooked to perfection. The buttery crab flavor was to die for. There were also crab meat, brócoli rob and cherry tomatoes in the dish. All of the components worked well with each other. The portion was moderate, not too much and not too little. Overall 5/5
Desert- Salted Caramel Budino 
If you like caramel you are going to love this. Smooth thick layer of delicious caramel followed by a layer a smooth cream and in the bottom are what look like smashed bits of Oreo cookies. All topped with sea salt. Amazing desert. Overall 5/5I travel the country and I'm fortunate to eat at some amazing places, BUT this restaurant is top 5!!!! The Sheep's Milk Ricotta is a must- it's the first thing you order before looking at the menu!!!!  I could swim in that dish.  The meatball app was as good as any family meatball I've ever had.  The Aspargo Pizza is ridiculous!!!  Also tried the Smoked Trout Tartine - very good.  I'm not a dessert person and tried a taste of the Salted Carmel Budino - GET IT!!!!!!Went for lunch on a Saturday afternoon the weekend of the Philadelphia Marathon.  Was able to get a seat at the bar (a plus for being solo), though no TVs for any college football games.  I ordered the sangria to drink, very good.  I ordered the cavatappi for lunch and it was a good small bite to eat.  It had a smoky taste to it that seemed to disappear the more you ate it.  Perfect serving size though, as I wouldn't have wanted anything bigger.  If you're going for dinner, get a reservation because I tried the night before for dinner and it was minimum 45 minutes for a table with a bar that was first come, first serveExcellent center city option for just for great food, drinks, and overall ambiance.  I have been a number of times and I am always very pleased with everything I get.  Sometimes when I am dining out at another place nearby, I will stop through on my way home to get some dessert to-go.  Their salted caramel budino is so very addicting.  Looking forward to going back soon.Intimate and cozy. For two people we got 3 plates (one of which was an appetizer), for about $40. It was enough food for us both and we left feeling like we had a good variety of the menu. The food was fantastic. I definitely recommend the Sheep's Milk Ricotta. It was unbelievableCame here for dinner during Restaurant Week and I am truly in love.  We were sat immediately due to reservations made on OpenTable which was good because they were still packed at 9pm.  
I ordered the Basil lemonade which was refreshing and had a little zing because of the vodka.  We were given a chefs choice appetizer which had two types of crostini.  One with pickled radish drizzled with balsamic and one with roasted red peppers spread with hummus.  Both were very good.  From their prixe fix menu I ordered, the sheeps milk ricotta, pan seared gnocchi, salted caramel budino and I was in heaven.  The sheeps milk ricotta was rich and creamy and paired perfectly with the ripe figs and balsamic.  One item I was dying to try and glad I did!  The gnocchi was buttery and cooked to perfection.  They were bigger than most gnocchi I've had and that was a perfect surprise.  I've had the salted caramel budino once before, but that did not but a damper on how excited I was to enjoy it again.  The salted caramel on top of the pudding and the chocolate crust makes for a great balance of salty and sweet.  Although I could have done with a pinch less salt, it was still amazing.  
All in all, loved it!  & I'm so obsessed that I'm coming back for my birthday.This place was everything it was cracked up to be. Booked a reservation for a 9:15 dinner for two. The highlights of the meal were the beginning and the end. Started with the sheep's milk ricotta, which blew me away. The salted caramel budino, to finish, was almost too good. In between, from the meatballs to the pizza to risotto balls - delicious. Service was quick and effecient. Definitely a favorite. I will be back.I came here for restaurant week and went with the 3 course dinner.  EVERYTHING WAS FANTASTIC!!
It started with 2 complimentary chefs items, the white bean & roasted garlic crostini with smoked tomato, roasted pepper, and basil and the roasted and shaved radishes on a french baguette, with butter, Maiden sea salt, bang cauda and chevril.
The appetizer I selected was the Sherpa milk ricotta with cherry soaked figs, extra virgin olive oil, bin cotto, herbs and sea salt PHENOMENAL!
The main course I selected was the pan seared gnocchi with guanciale, baby tomatoes, smoked corn, trumpet mushrooms and truffle butter. PHENOMENAL!
The desert I selected was the salted caramel budino with dark chocolate curst, vanilla bean. caramel and sea salt... It was very very rich but delicious!
I was alone for this adventure and sat at the bar.  The bartender was great in his recommendations for dinner and chatting with me.
This was by far my FAVORITE dining experience for the 5 days I was in Philly!  I can't wait to come back, just to eat HERE!!It was raining outside and had to eat with some atmosphere. Made to feel at home sitting at the chefs bar  (ask for it) and was able to converse with all of the line chefs.
 Made some share ables out of one of the signature pizzas (margarita) and a pasta plate (orecchiette). There was not a thing for them to clean up.
Followed up with a sweet tooth necessity budino. Walked out completely sated.I'm from New York, maybe because so I have had better budino. I ordered that just because I saw 300 ish people rave about it in this yelp page. I was disappointed. Could have gone for the bread pudding if I hadn't seen this raving reviews.Delicious! The Sheep's milk ricotta was smooth and creamy and the salted caramel budino dessert was fantastic (it comes in a small mason jar and is absolutely heavenly. I've been back multiple times to takeout that dessert and am picking up a few jars for Christmas Eve dinner.OK OK, I get it...YELP Inflation.
This was a good meal. The two of us visiting from afar enjoyed the meal. The service was fine. Our only, umm.. this is where I usually get attacked from other Yelpers..we really thought the prices were steep considering the plates. Yes, yes, the plates were over all successful, but very expensive for the portion on the plate. Ok lets have some fun and I'll list the tastings. 
SHEEPS MILK RICOTTA - very good, nope excellent. but the portion was just on this side of a child's portion
ROASTED MARROW BONE - An OK rendition. Needed a load more seasoning, bland fat. no value here. Pass on this.
CURED MEAT BOARD - This was total disappointment. Quite expensive for the selection. Server mumbled what was on the board. Cured meats ok, but over all a miss.
GRILLED MEDITERRANEAN OCTOPUS - Very good. Also an excellent value
PAN SEARED SHRIMP AND PORK BELLY - Another total Miss. Two at best medium Shrimp, Where was the Pork Belly? CALLING ALL PORK BELLYS!!! Missing in action. Skip this, on this side of a crash and burn and over priced because...Pork Belly?? Where??
BRAISED SHORTRIB - Tasted good, BUT AGAIN two very small ribs for 17 bucks?? Come on...are you for real? I would say this was a ....rip off.  Should have been 11 bucks and offered as an appetizer. 17 dollars??? Stick this in your short rib!
Dessert was tepid Coffiee. (Does anyone serve hot coffee anymore?) and Bread Putting which was very sweet. Then again Bread Putting is supposed to be sweet dumb arse.
For two including tip was 160 buckaroos. WAYY WAYY to much for what was served.
Food was a-ok. Service was ok...the value just sucked. There are so many great places now in this city to dine for 80 dollars a person, this would not be top 30 choice.
FATTY SAYS..... Where is the Pork Belly you mutha!Wow great food and friendly staff.  Wasn't disapointed and we sat in front of the chef and watched them do magic.I can honestly say this is one of the best meals I have had in a while. I dined with my mom on a Sunday night at it was packed! The restaurant is pretty small but very charming. We had reservations so we were seated immediately. The waitress recommended each diner to order two dished because the menu was small plates. Between the two of us we shared two dishes, a side, and a dessert and it was plenty. The branzino with pesto was so fresh and light. The potato noche with truffles was delicious and just the right size (despite that I was full I could have continued eating it)! Also split a warm vegetable salad with bread crumbs and olive oil. I didn't know lettuce could be so delicious! Finally, we ended the meal with a warm apple cinnamon bread pudding. The salty caramel bindo was recommended to us by a friend but we weren't feeling that adventurous. Fortunately the bread pudding did not disappoint! It was tempting not to want to lick the bowl clean :) Such an amazing dinner, I cannot wait to go back!Saturday night we had dinner at Barbuzzo and it was excellent. We had a seat at the bar facing the open kitchen. It was nice watching how they prepare the food with great care. We had the cheese board, the pork popcorn, some pasta and the really delicious mia pera pizza. That pizza was amazing! Also the warm apple bread pudding with vanilla ice cream and caramel was great. 
This is definitely one of the best places in the city!Really Good!! Stopped in at Barbuzzo for lunch. My fiancée and I opted to go with an App, a pizza and a couple of pastas. I'll start by saying that you just order the Whipped Ricotta appetizer! I've grown particularly fond of whipped Ricotta since I've been going to In Riva in East Falls a lot lately. But the one here is simply phenomenal! 
For the pizza course, we went with the Cinghiale. Delicious. Crust was nice and charred, just how it should be done. Flavors were excellent together. Next time we'll try the Uovo pizza. 
As far as pastas go, we went with the Cavatappi and the Strozzapretti. Both so delicious.
I will say though that as good as Barbuzzo was, I think I'd still go to Vetri's Osteria for a nice, homie plate of pasta. But Barbuzzo definitely made it a tough decision. We will definitely be trying our Marcie's other locations in the near future.Definitely love the food and its excellent service. But the restaurant was so crowded. I saw customers even the waiters/waitresses had difficulties to walk through tables.5 out of 5 stars. The owners really hit the nail on the head with this place. Everything I had there was enjoyable. I believe the bartenders name was brady, really nice guy who gave great suggestions. I could see this place becoming somewhere I frequent.
Keep it up!Great appetizers, inventive thin crust pizzas.  Restaurant was narrow, tables close together, so my elbows were hit a few times by customers and servers, but other than that I would recommend the food and drinks.I found the Philly equivalent to Ecco in Atlanta. An excellent choice. As a business traveler with no reservation, I snuck in early and sat at the bar. A great way to get a seat at a nice restaurant when you need to make a last minute choice and are alone.Wow!! This place is a gem.  With so many reviews, the secret has been out.  I'm just late getting the memo.  My review is probably a continuation to what so many reviewers have already stated, but I will still add my two cents.  
The restaurant decor is nice, but the space of the restaurant is very small, so small that the woman next to our table apologized in advance if she sat in my lap by accident while she was being seated.  
The food is served tapas style.  I was worried that I would either leave hungry or spend a lot of money to be full.  Fortunately, neither one of my fears were true.  The Sheep's Milk Ricotta was served with toasted bread.  It had a creamy-velvety texture; I enjoyed sopping up the Ricotta with the perfectly grilled pieces of bread.  This was the first dish to come out and it was a great way to start the evening.  The roasted and raw beet salad came out shortly after the Ricotta.  The salad was good, but I wasn't blown away, only because I've had my share of beets and raw kale salads.  The Mortadella pizza was excellent and was a lot bigger than what I expected!  Who would have thought that a bologna pizza would taste so great?  I wish I would have thought of this when I was a kid eating so many bologna sandwiches.  I digressed.  The tagliatelle was wonderful.  The pasta was al dente.  The lamb was moist and tender.  Desert was a no brainer; I had to try to salted caramel budino.  My desert lived up to all of the lofty YELP reviews.  
The service was excellent and every dish I had was stellar!  Thank you Barbuzzo for a memorable dining experience.I arrived to Philly on a Thursday and was craving pizza. I yelped and this place came up first and closest to my hotel. When I first walked in, the tables were extremely loud and I was worried that I was going to be seated there. But the wait was about 20 minutes and we were luckily seated in the back where it was much quieter. Our waitress was extremely sweet and answered all of my questions about the menu since it was like another language to me. We got the asapargo pizza and gnocchi pasta. The portions were small but filling at the same time. Both were delicious and I would definitely return next time I come back to Philly.A friend took me here. I really liked the atmosphere it's very cozy and even if the place is actually pretty crowded it doesn't make you seem like it. The bar is designed nicely and food are good to share. We ordered plenty of dishes to share and the started with squid was pretty sour, the meatball with cheese filling was really heavy, the Brussels sprouts are really good tho, the pizza margarita is really good! We also had two desserts: the tiramisu and the caramel pudding. Make sure you save some stomach space for the dessert! This place is suitable for many occasions! Recommend!Finally!!! A decent place to eat on 13th street's restaurant mecca..Reservations are definitely in order as this stylishly modern restaurant was bursting at the seams.. Unlike many of its neighbors this one is not BYOB, which in this instance is fantastic since their Sangria is to die for..
Lots of different options ranging from cheese and meat plates to pizzas and pasta dishes. After throwing back a few sangrias I hungrily dug into the pizza we ordered, which as I recall was topped with a variety of mushrooms and is no longer on the menu. Lets just say that this pizza was delicious and vastly better than its neighbor's (Zavino).. For an entree I ordered a delicious roast chicken with polenta on the side. The portion was huge, the plating cumbersome and awkward as my large chicken did not have enough room on the small wooden platter, and the flavors were fantastic.. 
No room for dessert but I can't wait to return and try more. Portions are vastly larger than your typical tapas joints...Strongly recommend. Went for restaurant week and it did not disappoint. We ordered all different things, but I'll give the highlights. 
The sheeps milk ricotta almost stole the show from the get-go. It was unbelievably tasty and the bread that came with it was crazy good. 
Next, the arancini. Crunchy outside but the rice and cheese inside was insane. Not a big fan of mushroom so I was skeptical, but it was very light on the mushroom side so I was pleased. 
The pan seared gnocchi was what I was looking forward to and it did NOT disappoint. Strongly recommend this as your entree. 
Finally, the star of the meal...the salted caramel budino. The perfect mixture of everything you want in a dessert. From the cake at the bottom to the sea salt...perfect.Amazing Mediterranean food! The quality and flavors of every single dish will blow you away. What I particularly love about this place is the freshness of its ingredients and the combinations they make.  Definitely highly recommended looking for amazing, well-made food!Love the fresh ingredients and amazing drinks! We usually always start with my favorite, the cheese board. Always a great assortment of cheeses. The Funghi pizza is my favorite. The crust is so light and amazing, it just melts in your mouth. Love that they have this spice oil and dried herbs that they give with all their pizzas. Must try this place! Great to sit outdoors in the spring/summer and enjoy the city.I wanted to love Barbuzzo.  I really did.  But... hot damn is this place claustrophobic!
When I say claustrophobic, I really do mean it.  I normally don't mind cute, cozy little restaurants, but I felt like they tried to pack in way more tables than they should.  And the tables are so tiny-- for example, our pizza was placed on the table and it was hanging over the edge--- in the middle of the main walkway through the restaurant.  Someone literally almost knocked our overpriced pizza onto the floor.  OK, so it sounds like I have a mental issue when it comes to small spaces- I don't.  I just want to reiterate that there are tables that are very uncomfortable here- so if that may bother you, proceed with caution.  And try to come in a group of 4 or less.  Two would be preferable.
Anywho, the rest of the experience made up for this.  The service was good, and the food was great.  We went with the Sheeps Milk Ricotta (excellent- especially the bread it came with), Cinghiale Pizza ( I was not very impressed with the pizza- it was very good, but I wasn't blown away), Pan Seared Gnocchi (again, very good but not great), and the highly praised caramel budino (very delicious and completely worthy of the hype- this alone would be cause for a repeat visit).
Price wise, I felt it was a little high, but that is to be expected in this neighborhood.  I was let down by the pizza- I had heard it referred to as the best pizza in the city and I would not agree with that.  I WILL definitely be visiting again, however, and perhaps ask to be seated at a better table.really fresh and great food; loved the meatball and the pizza
the salted caramel budino was one of the bet desserts i have ever had!!! i highly recommend the budino!!Awesome.  If you haven't had bone marrow, you should try it here.   It's great.  The food is wonderful and service is good.  Sometimes feels like you're sitting on top of the table next to you, but it's well worth the amazing food.This place was absolutely delicious!! Everything my family and I got was wonderful. The pizza was phenomenal, and I just got back from 5 months in Italy! Great bang for your buck!!The food here is so good, literally anything you get will be amazing. The sheeps milk ricotta and the pizza are the best for sure. The only reason this isn't a five is because they RUSH you so much!!! They clearly try to get you out in an hour and it definitely makes the experience less enjoyable. I love this place and will go back, but they should definitely be more aware of making an enjoyable relaxing dining experience.Have been going there for quite a few time, and I must say, I can't get enough of their pizza, even though I'm generally not a pizza fan!!! Love their Verdure and Macellaio!!! For desert, don't miss their salted caramel Budino!!! You will fall in love with it!!! They have outdoor seating in warmer time which is a plus.My lady & I went here on the day after Thanksgiving and had a marvelous experience. We arrived before the place even opened for dinner and there was a short line outside the front door. A good sign. There were so many reservations that we had to sit at the bar, which was fine, since the bartender was quick with the drinks and they were GOOD. My lady had the basil lemonade number--highly recommended, and I had a simple vodka up with olives. 
Just as we were getting tucked in to the menu, the maître'd came over to invite us to a table which had just opened up in the dining room. We cashed out at the bar (Pro tip: don't transfer your bill, let the bartender get his tip for the work that he's done) and alighted to the table. Then, there was supper:
Two salads, roasted butternut squash with cumin yoghurt and the other, shaved Brussels sprouts with apple. Do. Not. Miss. Entrées: Campanella pasta with mushrooms and lemon-preserved walnuts and the other, ricotta cavatelli with lamb ragu. Both stupendous. 
Our server was helpful and patient. On the way out, I told the maître that I'd write this review. I have kept my word. We will return. You should go!My wife and I agree this was one of the best dining experiences we have had in recent memory. It also cemented my appreciation for the crowd-sourcing ability of social media and Yelp.
We had just arrived in Philadelphia after a pleasant day of travel, checked into the hotel, and I jumped on Yelp to look for a dinner spot. Barbuzzo met my filters and we went without a reservation. That might not have turned out well since they were packed. The host offered us seats at the dinner bar (think sushi bar, but facing the cook chefs) which we gladly accepted, but then he looked at an empty 4-top and said "You know what. We had a no-show. I think we have room. Take this table." How generous was that?
Our friendly waitress developed immediate rapport with my wife and 14 year-old son -- which delighted me. She explained that most people order about 2 plates per person and share, and that the plates come out one at a time as they are cooked. Thom chose 2 items (pan-seared gnochi, coniglio pizza), Amy chose 2 items (buffalo mozzarella salad, grilled bistro steak), and I added a dish of oriental noodles with shellfish.
Each item was extraordinary. The best ingredients, each selected to compliment or contrast with the other, and cooked perfectly.
We'll go again.