Located on a shady street off girard. There isn't much else in the block around this bar but it's still a great spot. They have old school arcade machines all over the place, great beer, and great snacks. The beef jerky is homemade; the grilled cheese and tomato soup is creamy, gooey, and delicious. The beer list is great. I'm not much of a craft beer drinker but my hubby and everyone else I know loves this bar for its beer list.All right, I have a few bones to pick with you people, but first I'm going to tell you that Barcade is a fantastic concept and I LOVE that they brought this to Philadelphia. It's a great addition to the growing Fishtown neighborhood. For those of us in our late-twenties and thirties, this place should be our mecca. Beer that doesn't taste like piss, video games from our childhood and a decent bite to eat, if you choose. Failing to see what the problem is here. This place is wonderful and I plan on making weekly trips here. 
So here are my bones to pick...
1.) The beer... YOU'RE PAYING FOR QUALITY, NOT QUANTITY. Microbrews are also just that... MICRO. This beer is not mass-produced in multiple factories, it is hand-crafted by people who genuinely love beer. It takes time, effort, a lot of good equipment. You're goddamn right I'm going to pay $6 for a good beer. You can go right ahead and go down the street to pay $6 for piss water, if you'd like. That means more rare beer for me and less for your dumb ass. 
2. Cut them some slack on their food. They're only been open a couple weeks! They need to figure out what is best and what YOU want. Give em some times, guys. They smoke their own meat! Just give em some credit and time. Damn.
3. The machines are 20-30+ years old, of course they're going to have kinks. Go find a 30 year old TV and tell me how the picture is on it. Then try to find a repairman to fix it in a timely manner (ie: 3 minutes by your impatient standards.) If a machine eats your money, they will gladly refund your quarters at the bar (but don't be a lying slug about it to get shit for free.)
Also... This is the SAME company that owns Barcade in Brooklyn and Jersey City. Is Jersey City also trying to 'become' like Brooklyn/Williamsburg too? NO. The owners trying to bring some good beer and video games into Philly. So shut up about us Philadelphians trying to be wannabes and go the fuck back to your overpriced Brooklyn 'art studio'. We don't need you bitching about everything too.I LOVE the concept but the service is abominable. There is one bartender who spends more time walking around then making drinks or clearing glasses. The guy who is part owner was standing around and not directing the staff at all. It took the other bartender forever to ask for our drink order even though it wasn't that busy.This place frustrated me! Last night we hosted some friends and wanted to check this place out, big mistake. I guess going on a Saturday night wasn't the best idea. Anyway we got there around 730-800pm. It was a madhouse! I expected this place to be much larger. After some searching we finally found a small table in the front of the joint, enough room for the ladies to sit. Went and ordered 4 beers, $26.00, yes for 4 drafts. I know some will read and say must be good beer, it is, Neshaminy creek. Keep in my every other place has it for much less. Seems a bit much to me but it was overlooked as the atmosphere is pretty cool.
We attempted to play some games, lucky enough to play maybe 2? In the hour we were there. It's just too small and too crowded. No games, very tight, games are so close together so you're bumping people playing their games. No place to put your beer. I don't know, I wanted to love this place, unfortunately we all left disappointed. The idea is cool but the execution is a failure..We will not be returning....Good selection of beers, old arcade games, and the sandwiches were decent.  The prices were reasonable and  parking was plentiful.  A good way to use up those quarters!I won't be back.
The concept is great! The games are only 25 cents. The drink & beer selection is awesome!
But....the staff (at least who I delt with) is rude. 
I went there Sunday night for my friends birthday. The bartender - named Neira according to my receipt - was the MOST miserable person I have ever met. She was rude & just very unfriendly. It kind of ruined the vibe of the entire night. At first I thought maybe she was just having a bad night, but after reading through all the reviews before mine, this seems to be a common occurance. 
There are much nicer, friendlier places I'd be happy to spend my money at.
But hey, if you really want to play some onld school aracde games, you may like it.The bar has old arcade games, cant beat that.  It was a bit pricey, but they do offer a ton of craft beers.  Considering the type of beers, its comparable.  It was a Friday night when I was there.  It wasn't too crowded until about the peak hours of 10-12.  Crowd or not, I will return.This is a food only review ( i already love the games and beer list).
I've been there a couple times already and LOVE it. I don't get the negative remarks they get foodwise, the sandwiches and food are AMAZING. I have yet to order bad food from this place. So far I've had (or tasted) the pulled pork sandwich (which is my favorite) the duck sandwich, roast beef sandwich, grilled cheese with bacon, and the sirichia deviled eggs. All sandwiches come on hearty, artisan style breads with amazing toppings and great dipping sauces. Their barley mustard is to die for. Sandwiches also come with these great artisan style hard pretzels and one of the best homemade pickles i've ever had.
If you manage to get in there on a Friday or Sunday afternoon, grab the lunch special. It's a sandwich, chips and a beer for $10. You can't beat it with a stick. 
Foodwise (or management wise) the place is losing a half a star for not having the lunch special on Saturdays (which makes no sense at all) and a half a star for having some of the douchiest bartenders in the history of man. I don't know if they're actually Brooklyn hipsters, but they act/look like the part. The female staff members are great and helpful, the male ones..not so much.This place is pretty cool. Very darkly lit, exposed brick walls. Very nice atmosphere. 
The beer list is top notch. A little expensive, but still awesome beers on tap.
.....Ok, I can't go on with this review anymore. I'm really upset. Do you know why? I met someone at The Barcade last night. Our encounter only lasted 5 minutes, but I fell in love. Her name was Mac & Cheese Pulled Pork Sandwich w/ Arugula & Pepper Jack. We had the best time ever. But, as quickly as we met, she departed. Her taste lingered in my mouth for hours. I walked home, kicking rocks thinking about her. She was the best I ever met. I hope to run into her again someday.
She was cheap too ;-)Environment: Breaks my heart but this place can get out-of-control. Been here a few times and it's definitely not a place that sticks out to me as much. The games are classic. Everything from Pac-man to Teenage-Mutant Ninja Turtles (multi-player) is always a win for me. Tokens are really cheap, too. Despite the reminiscent vibes of being on these arcade games, there was a fight that broke out and unfortunately it got to the point it just wasn't okay. No one diffused it, staff was completely oblivious, wish it could've been a more enjoyable experience. Although, you can never complain when you watch someone get sucker-punched 2 feet from your own face...
Drinks: Most drinks on draft are $5-7; wish they had a better selection of IPAs but I won't hold that against them.Definitely one of my favorite hang-out spots in the city.  Great selection of old-school videogames.  I don't like beer, but I do appreciate that they have at least one cider (sometimes two) on tap.  If the food selection was better (what, no burgers?), I would give it five stars.  Come for the games, go elsewhere for the food.Fun place, and I like the concept of a bar/arcade with retro 80's games. However, this place isn't for dancing and it's hardly good for socializing. I wish the music was better. The drinks are pretty good though. The place gets really packed so they must be doing something right.It's been probably nearly a year since the last time I went to Barcade.  I'm not sure why that is because it was a fun place and I hope I make myself stop by again soon.  I used to go with my friend and my boyfriend most every time all three of us were together in the city and though some of us liked it more than others it was still a unique place to hangout and a nice change of pace from the standard bar scene.
It's hard not to mention how great it is for every game to only be 25cents.  It makes it really easy to play as much as you like without feeling like you're burning through cash.  They have some true classics and a very good selection that seems to be added to and switched around often enough to keep regulars coming back.
I'm not really there for the bar aspect, but it seems like a perfectly nice bar pretty similar to what you'll find all around northern liberties or fishtown.  I honestly think this place is all about the games, but they do seem to have some pretty good food/drink specials plus a lot of events and a changing beer list.
Plus I like the bathrooms.Get a pitcher of beer and go play some old school video games and shoot some pool. Eclectic crowd and friendly bartenders. I would go more often if it were closer to our house. Fun experience and solid draft list.I like it here. The staff have always been nice to me, the bartenders have always accommodated me, never had a problem.  Yeah, it gets crowded and busy, that's life.  This place is popular so I deal with it.  I LOVE Ms. Pac Man, I will probably never top that high score, but I'll try!!! Where else in Philly are you going to find a vintage working Ms. Pac Man machine?  Seriously, please tell me, I need to know!!!!!  I like the rotating beer selection, it's cool.  The food is meh.   I wish it was better but I don't honestly care, I don't go there for the food, so, whatever.  I could care less about the people that go there because whether I am alone or with a group I ALWAYS have a good time and ALWAYS leave smiling!!!  I don't pay any attention to anybody else cause frankly unless your a bartender or Ms. Pac Man, I don't care.
YES!!! You should come here at least once.  Weekdays are great to have choice of the games. Fri. & Sat. are great nights because they are the FUN nights too!! And that's it.  This place is FUN!!! It's literally a room full of overgrown children reliving the glory years of youth over and over again.  And that's it.
Go!! NOW!!! Forget where it is, and who goes there wearing what.  Just go there for yourself to have a blast drinking great rotating beer and playing classic video games!!  Feeling like a kid again is golden!!
Love this place!!Great Place to have a drink and fun. I was very excited to try this place after a friend mentioned and i was not let down. Although I admit I enjoyed the video games more than any drink or food I did try it all. 
Video Games: Lots of good ones spent most of the night and quarters on Ninja Turtles. Glad this place did not hike up any prices and kept it at a quarter. Only machine missing that would have top the night off is the Simpsons.
Drinks: The pumpkin brew and apple cider were good. Also had a fine selection of Tequila which I am a fan off.
Food: I had the Mac & Cheese Pulled pork sandwich. I think it was very tasty just wish it was a little more cheesy. My wife had the quesadilla's but forgot to ask them to not put the jalapenos. We do not enjoy hot stuff and it was tough to eat for her. If you like spicy food you should enjoy.
Overall: I cannot wait to return. I would probably try to avoid the busy times as it was great not having to wait on the games. The staff were very pleasant and nice. They knew enough about the beers to know which to recommend.It is hard to go to Barcade and not have a good time. The games are great, and they put a lot of thought behind their beer selection. Try going when they do a tap-takover with a local brewery like Clown Shoes.It completely depends on the time of day you go. The patrons are 99% of the time cool. However the game selection does not change. 
And there is always the super douchey power tripping bouncer here. Not the old guy, he is nothing but awesome. However, the other bouncers will go out of the way to try to seem smart but take two second to respond. Real meatheads who can't tell heads from tails. Unfortunately they police like it's their job. Either that or they took offense to being told that the racks were too full to handle drinks. 
In addition, the bartenders are horribly overworked. Shouldn't take more than 5 minutes to get an overpriced michigan stout 
If it's busy expect busy lines and a few power hungry bouncers. If it's clear, have fun for an hour. 
This place won't get my business until they get different games and a few more hands on staff.In a few words:  great drink selection with reasonable prices, fun atmosphere, good food options that aren't just the typical bar food, and cheap arcade games!  
I had an idea of what it would be like, but I had way more fun than I expected.  It's probably better here when it's not super crowded, but even with a lot of people my food came out relatively quickly and the bartenders kept the line moving.  
They take credit cards too!  
There's street parking and when we came here there was a dude at the door carding people.  There is outside seating space so I imagine once it's not freezing outside, it'll be great.  The bathrooms are repulsive though.Came here early Sat evening...like 7pm.  Was a great place to hang for an hour or so...grab a drink, play a few dollars worth of games.  Very dive bar-esque. No cover. You must be 21+ to enter...and they carded everyone.  There were a few tables to sit at but they were all occupied.  I liked that at each video game, there was a place to set down your drink.  While you may have to wait for a game, I never waited more than a few minutes.  There was plenty of room to park  a bicycle on the bike rack...street parking is an option for those with cars, but never super easy in Fishtown.After reading the reviews on yelp, I was extremely hesitant to go because of how crowded everyone was saying this place gets. I don't know why, but I still came out to come here on a Friday and Saturday night. It's really not that crowded. Both nights, I was able to find seating, play on the more popular games (TMNT!), and generally have a great time with out being jostled.
It has a great selection of draft beers for a reasonable price. It's not the cheapest, but beers and drinks are generally all under $10 range. Cocktails here are also generally extremely strong.
Games are only 25 cents! And there are 2 quarter machines in the place (that I know of). There are some game hogs though, so be prepared to camp out or play some less popular games. Each game has a little table next to it for your drink. 
I did order bar nuts here, which were pretty much the same thing you used to get on airplanes. So I would pass on the food - there's a taco truck or 2 right outside!Lots of great nostalgic games, wish the drinks were a little cheaper. Don't get me wrong - they have a good beer selection, but no cheap beer and no cans or bottles. I'm always afraid I'm going to break my damn glass when I'm dominating Tapper.Been here twice, on a busy Saturday night, loved it both times.  I love the huge draft list, always rotating taps, probably 20-25 different craft beers on tap.   I haven't tried the food yet, but the specials on the menu looked pretty good.
The first time I went, the crowd was a melting pot of all types of people in Philly, from hipsters, to trendy, to gays, to people who looked like they were in halloween costumes.  The second time I went (both busy saturday nights), the crowd seemed normal and casual.  So, hit or miss I guess!
Pros:
20-30 craft beers on tap
Even when the bar is packed, you can still play your favorite video games with hardly any wait. 
Awesome music, usually odd rock songs i have no idea who the artists are.
Change machines so you don't have to bring your own quarters.
Large outside courtyard area.
Bartenders are pretty quick, even during packed busy nights
Cons:
Unisex bathrooms, so a long line can happen quickly.   
The back of the bar where all the arcade games are can get really HOT. 
Music is so loud its hard to talk to your friends.
Overall, def a "must-do" on your list if you haven't tried it here yet.  Makes you feel like a little kid again, getting to play Mario, Tetris, Donkey Kong, Frogger, Ninja Turtles, and Paperboy all in the same night!  And games are only a quarter, so you don't get ripped off!I went here on a Saturday afternoon on a cold winter day.  It was not crowded at all and never had to wait for any games to open up (save for Ninja Turtles).  I thought the selection was great.  It had a great mix of old school games.  I had a lot of fun with Tapper and Frogger.  The additions of "newer" games like TNMT and NBA Jam was nice.  Would have loved to see X-Men or Simpsons there.  The beer selection was great and enjoyed a beer before we left.  Wasn't here long enough to try the food, but noticed a lack of tables.  I will definitely be back.The arcade games almost become secondary to the amazing beer selection they always have here, as well as the constantly rotating taps and a cask always in tap. The food leaves something to be desired but the beef jerky and chips are good stuff! One of the best nights out in Fishtown.It's as if they made this bar just for me.
I'm old enough to remember going to arcades and spending and obscene amount of money on the 8-16 bit glory. Now you can relive all of those childhood memories....intoxicated. 
Well played Barcade, well played. 
The problem is, this place is mad crowded at night, and in my opinion the drinks are a bit overpriced. I guess they weren't hoping I'd notice while playing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. But in a place like this, you're paying for the atmosphere as well, which is nostalgia with a little bit of hipster. However, the place does have a solid drink selection and all of those arcade machines make it worth it.Good drinks, hip setting, and place was packed on the Friday night that I went with friends. A fun way to do something different during our night out, i.e. drink & play retro arcade games at a bar ;)Place was jammed packed on a Saturday night but still a cool spot. It would definitely be better on an off night. Has a ton of games from the 90's and some super old.  Two words: NBA Jam. HollaSo I've been here a million times to play games and drink, but I never ate anything, so I've held off for reviewing.  That all changed this weekend:
We went to barcade for St. Paddys day/ our friends birthday.  It wasn't that busy which is the greatest!  I got to play Ms. Pac Man a million times.  Being St. Paddy's day I decided to focus on Stouts, which they had plenty of.  All of them were thick and dark and festive.  
Then I got hungry!  I ordered the nacho's without the pork.  The bartender put them in wrong and they came out with pork, but she was really apologetic and quick to right the issue.  I'm a vegetarian so there wasn't much I could do with the pork.  I just felt bad wasting it.  The 2nd go round was much better.  They aren't your standard issue cheesy monstrosity, but they are quite large, and they do have a lot of cheese, and beans, and veggies.  It's just a different execution.  I can't explain it... but i enjoyed it!
After a few more stouts, and a devistating loss at Paper Boy, I went for the deviled eggs.  They were pretty solid as well... but my biggest beef is $4 for 1 1/2 eggs = ?!?!?.  I understand it takes some work to make them, but when it said 3 eggs, i was thinking 6 1/2s.  This was a pretty lame serving size.  After my boyfriend ate one, i was left wanting more, but 8 dollars in eggs made me feel uncomfortable.
A lot of my friends ordered sandwiches.  They came with pretzels which i always appreciate when coupled with beers.  They said their sandwiches were ok... fair... decent... nobody was raving, nor were they complaining.  It did the trick.
All in all, i love this place for their awesome beers and their amazing array of video games.  If you need a bite while you're there, they got you!  but I wouldn't head over just for the food.  Johnny Brenda's and Frankfrod Hall are just too close.Man to woman ratio is EXTREMELY high here, so guys, if you're looking to pick up a girl - this is not the place for you.  Unless it's me (I heart centipede... and donkey kong.... and tapper....  you see my point.)  Anyway, no one really seemed to mind that, as the beer list is good and there are video games to be played.  
I went on a weekend and despite the "line" that there was to get in (took like 2 minutes) it wasn't overly crowded.  After some of the reviews I had fears of lines, and rioting over who is next to play Ms. Pacman.  There are a FEW (3-5) games that have "lines" of 1-2 people.  
I am going to take it down a star from sheer awesomeness to a 4 star because of the slow bar service.  There seemed to be enough of them working, but they didn't really have a good system... or something.  Each time I went to get a beer I waited whatever was "too long" in my book at that moment.  This will get more annoying (and worth more stars!) as they stay open longer - but I have faith they'll figure it out.This place is really neat! You walk into the side entrance, and you enter a large warehouse type space with vintage lighting and decorations, but everything is done with such a light brush that it isn't campy or old fashioned.
The bar is a long wood piece that runs most of the left side of the bar and wraps around towards the bathrooms. There is a large craft beer list written on a chalk board above. Really good prices! These same beers would be several dollars more in my neightborhood!
In the back linned against the wall are classic coin operated video games. There was a ton of space behind where there were a few chairs and long bar tables, but you had a lot of room to watch your friends play!
The bartender seemed really didn't nice, but I didn't catch her name.
The food is why I'm giving this a 4 star and not 5. Someone bit into a pork slider and shouted, "WHAT KIND OF MEAT IS THIS?!?" Grimaced, and then passed it around the table for everyone to try. Tasted like cheap, overly refrozen food.
So this place is great for groups, especially if your friends are cool and into video games.
You should also read the book Ready, Player One by Ernest Cline. ITS AWESOME.Really fun concept - a bar with old video games. I was psyched to play T3 and other games. I was thrilled to find the prices were still the original ones. 
It was a bit crowded when we got there, but for the most part you could just wait a few minutes to get to any game you wanted to play. A few times people would plunk down a few dollars worth of coins and "claim" a game for way too long, but that wasn't the norm.
The pluses - no pressure to drink. I actually manged to sober up a bit here after Frankford Hall, so that was nice. Great assortment of games. A layout that actually made walking around the games doable. 
No so great - they don't take quarters, just tokens. This means, if you buy tokens you can only spend them there. 
Bad - A few of the games had broken controllers and no sign indicating that. Kind of sucks to pop in .50 to find you can't actually play. This was more than one game. 
I like that this is something different. If it was more crowded I could picture it not being fun, but for what it was (old video games in a bar), I had a great time.Staff was rude when we came in and basically screamed at us about our ID. Mind you this was my 35th birthday.Awesome place for birthdays. If you love American Freedom, Pizza, Old school videogames, and some beer with friends absolutely check it out. Try not to waste too much money on PAC-MAN.I didn't order food here so I can't vouch for it but the beer was good. The retro games they have a pretty fantastic. It's difficult to hate on great old games and beer together. Especially with a real lack of arcades anymore.You can drink good beers and play classic video games. If this review blew your mind, say, "Hell yeah!"Walking into the space, I immediately head to the bar. Menu is decent and I immediately stand behind someone standing at the bar ready to order. He's already been helped when a bartender asks him, and then the bartender doesn't even scan the bar and walks to the end of the bar.
I follow him like a shadow as he walks to the end of the bar, head down, fidgeting here and there. A full minute goes by before he even glances to scan the bar and I'm able to order. Oblivious to it all, there's no "Sorry" or even a "Thank you" after ordering my beer. 
A wonderful courtyard in the back to enjoy the weather. I finish my beer and I'm out of there.
As someone who works in the industry, embarrassingly poor service.This place had great food, we had the grilled cheese and hard boiled eggs.  Lots of seasonal and different beers on tap.  The games all worked and were fun games from when I was a kid.  The bathrooms were unisex which I think is awesome....There was no room left on Barcade's bike rack because every space had a fixtie parked in it.  This should have been a sign.
I thought the the point of being a hipster was being able to claim you got there before it was cool.  You know . . . like . . . I listened to such and such a band before they got big, while they were still the third listed band on a tuesday.  Now that everybody likes them, they suck.
So why then was Barcade so full last Saturday with a hipster crowd that I could barely move?  I don't get it, I thought that community borrowed from the Yogi Berra school of social scenes: "it's so busy, no one goes there any more."
Sure, the beer selection was good (if not trying too hard) and the arcade games (at least the ones that still worked) were fun and cheap, but I was more bothered by the fact that so many hipsters were crowed into one spot.  Their very presence made the place popular and, therefore, contradicted their own philosophy.   I'm surprised it didn't cause a black hole or something.definitely my favorite place to go on a monday night. the beer selection isn't the biggest i've ever seen, but they stock nothing but quality brews. on top of that, you can check the website, and it'll tell you what is on tap at that moment so you don't end up going their and realize they don't have anything you like.
the food isn't the best in the city, but i'm not one to order bar food when i can go get a great slice of pizza at almost any hour in the city.
the selection of games is pretty good. they have almost all of the classics you'd want to see. on top of that, they're all a quarter, which rules so hard. sometimes they don't work 100%, but what do you expect, they're old, and there's drunk people beating on them constantly.
i think my favorite part about the bar is the music. there's not a stupid dj putting on the crap you hear every 10 minutes on the radio, and there's no jukebox filled with crap you were sick of hearing 15 years ago. just a stereo that plays everything from radiohead to slayer, which is everything i could ever ask for. even better is that the music isn't super loud, so i can actually talk to someone without having to yell, which is why i hate going to most bars anywhere.
the bouncers are actually cool guys if you talk to them for a couple minutes. i see that some of their complains about them were "the bouncer looks super serious with his big jacket on and blah blah blah" dude was in the navy for 14 years, he likes to wear his field jacket because it's warmer than any jacket you own, so whatever, talk crap about the dude because you dont like his jacket. you're dumb. the other bouncer is just goofy and pretty cool. i like the staff.
most of the bartenders are pretty cool. i haven't dealt with all of them, so maybe some are jerks, i don't know. i've never had a bad experience with any of them. in fact, the one guy everyone keeps saying is a jerk, i asked him for a recommendation, and he poured 4 different shot glasses full of his recommendations, so maybe you just suck at he can sense it, and that's why he's a jerk to you.
i am yet to attend one of the beer nights there due to lack of interest in the brewery visiting, but i hear they are quite fun times
overall, i enjoy the place more than most bars, especially ones in fishtown,Great beer selection and a lot of fun games to play, but it would be way better if they had some skee ball and pinball machines."Barcade" = Bar + Arcade.  They have great beer options that change regularly, and 25¢ classic games that switch out from time to time as well.
Nowhere in Barcade's name does the word "food" appear, which must be why it's somewhat lackluster in that regard.  But I'm not going there to eat: I can't eat and play RAMPAGE at the same time (but I can totally multitask gameplay with drinking).
Gets a little Old City on Friday and Saturday nights, though.  Best to stop by in the afternoon.
Going to the Barbary for an all-ages show?  Make the trip two blocks over for a beer and a game or two between sets.  Perfect.I have been to Barcade a number of times because I am a nerd . I like the space which is basically an old warehouse with games and a bar. My issue is the game selection. Rampage , nba jam  and ninja turtles ( when it is not out of order ) are always being used as many of the others go untouched .Though I personally appreciate games like crystal castles there isn't much of a clientele for that sort of game . Barcade needs to add a few pinball machines ( universal monsters would be nice or twilight zone), a fighting game ( apart from punch out ) and rampage international . 
Beer selection is good. Staff is friendly . Prices aren't bad . They also host brewery nights which I like.M and I met a couple friends here for a birthday celebration and I was impressed by the size of the place. Even though it was fairly busy on a Saturday night, we easily found seating. I ordered a Dogfish Piercing Pilsner draft and didn't have to wait long to receive it. M got the mac and cheese pulled pork sandwich and I got to sneak a bite. It was delicious! I didn't order any food at the time, but I would definitely come back for a quick dinner one night. It also arrived surprisingly fast.
I love the game selection! There seems to be a good turnaround for empty machines, so you're never waiting too long to play a game. I happened to kick some serious butt in Tetris. I can't wait to come back and show off my skills!I was tricked into coming here by my husband with promises of Whack A Mole and Skeet Ball...Turns out this Bar/arcade only has old school video games. NO WHACK-A-MOLE. Oh well, I had to drown my sorrows in some pretty good beer options on tap. 
This place is chock full of hipsters. I may have been the only person there without glasses and skinny jeans. What do you expect with the location of this place though. 
Bartenders were pretty nice and quick to get you a drink. I thought their system of keeping BOTH my license and credit card to keep the tab open was really strange and made me a little nervous. It's one thing if I happen to forget my card, or it gets lost (hey things happen in bar.) It's a whole 'nother story if something were to happen to my license. (It would involve a trip back to my home state of CT and a whole day wasted at the DMV). It made me just a little nervous. I may be paranoid but whatevs. I will def. bring cash if I ever come back here. 
My husband's main reason for wanting to come here was Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. He played a few nostalgic rounds and then remembered he was 30. 
It was a fun concept, it's just one I will never feel inclined to experience again.Just around the corner of the Piazza comes this unique find! BARCADE! Came here on a Wednesday night, and street parking was easy to find. Atmosphere was industrial, casual, and dim. Pretty open layout with tables and stools for getting groups together. Large bar with an extensive beer menu. Definitely a place to try some brews that are not your typical "lite" beers. 
Did a walkthrough of some of the arcade games, and there were so many! Double Dragon, Punch Out, Paper Boy, Tetris, and Arkanoid to name a few. So nostalgic!
No parking meters here, so grab a few friends for a friendly (or not?) competition, and put those quarters to use! I promise a good time!Play the Michael Jackson moonwalk game. There are also tables outside if gaming is not for you. Decent craft beer selection. Good place to tack on to a bar crawl.Moved to the city today and came to get tacos and beers. They were running an amazing special, $10 for 2 tacos, a beer and nachos. They had seitan for tacos and I just left the cheese off the nachos and was psyched that we found a place with games, great beer and cheap vegan food right nearby. Going back for sure.If you're a 90's baby, you'll love this place! The selection of games are really nostalgic, and the selection on tap is better then most. Food wise it's ok. Not bad but not great. 
The Korean BBQ and Mac & Cheese Pulled Pork Sandwichs were both good choices.I was here a few weeks ago, and had a blast. 
The drinks and food are reasonably priced but it really shines in the entertainment department. The food selection is a little lacking but the sandwiches my friend and I had were OK. The beer selection is quite good and varried. Like I said, the real reason for going here is the old school arcade games that take up the back half of the establishment. With just 2 of us $5 worth of quarters was enough to have plenty of fun for the evening.i got roofied here. lol not kidding.............. i have to keep writing because yelp won't let me post if it's too short.My first time to Barcade was a quiet happy hour with some co-workers. We practically had free range of all the games. 
Second time I came back was a bit more fun. My date and I were able to get seats at the bar, around 8, but quickly filled up. And as the people started packing in, it got pretty loud, but was still enjoyable. I was pleased with my Pale Ale choices as they had a good selection to choose from and the bartenders were attentive and fun to chat with. 
Get a pocket full of quarters and start kicking ass. One of my favorite games is Golden Axe.Pretty good beer selection. They also do a lot of themed tap nights and special tappings. (I first came for Winter Beer Night in January.) Games are alright - I wish there were more classics (or maybe even some 90s arcade games - TMNT anyone??) and PINBALL! I would be here every night if they had pinball! They serve food too - nothing serious, just quick bites/snacks - which is a bonus: I got a pretty rockin' quesadilla. 
Leave your quarters at home: They've got change machines!Casual spot for an easy meal and games. Weekends they offer $10 lunch specials including 2 tacos, a side, nachos and beer. Monday nights they have $1 tacos... can't beat that in the neighborhood. 60 games inside and 25 beers on tap. If you're looking for a cheap & quick spot this is your place.It's a cool spot with a good theme, drink beers and play some arcade games. It's basically built on what most guys did in high school in their parent's basement, but it's hard to argue that getting out and drinking in a public place isn't more fun.
The vibe here is pretty hipster and trendy, but casual nonetheless. What I really liked about this location, was they had a decent outdoor area where you can sit and get some fresh air. 
I do wish they had a better variety of breweries on tap. The night I was there, it was like 90% DarkHorse. Also, the neighborhood is definitely on the sketchier side, so I wouldn't go walking around alone. But all in all, this place is great, there really isn't much not to like.A fun place to go to enjoy a couple craft beers and kick it old school with some arcade games. My only knock is there should be a larger selections of games and possibly a waiter service when your in the middle of an intense game.I first discovered Barcade when going to The Barbary's weekly Tigerbeats parties.  At first, our routine was drinking the free PBR until it was gone and then going to Barcade to drink good beer.  
This place has amazing beer.  They have an excellent tap list at all times and it's always got great variety.  There are tap lists but you can also read them on the giant chalkboard.  Sometimes you have to be a bit patient, especially if you're on the ends of the bar because there's usually only one bartender.  Make sure you know what you want when they come over!
On the whole, the food here is really amazing!  The menu rotates and it's usually simple stuff like hummus or sandwiches that come with pretzels.  They also have homemade pickles that are the bomb.  Be wary of the specials, though!  The last time I was there I got a $1 meatball sandwich and it was obviously a culinary-experiment-turned-monster...they were probably the biggest 2 meatballs on a $1 sandwich that I ever had....but were also the most disgusting.  I ended up just eating the bread and cutting my losses.
This has been the perspective of Barcade from someone that doesn't play video games.Went on an empty Tuesday, waited 15 min for a  overpriced beer,played some games on machines that 1/2 work. I tried to get another beer and ...waited..........
Waited.........
Waited........
And left after waiting 20+ minutes.....beerless
I wanted to love Barcade,
I'll never go back.Went here on a Sunday afternoon which was perfect. It was empty when we arrived so no wait to play any game that we wanted. The beer selection is outstanding, a nice variety and the prices were all within reason. Chorizo quesadillas were fantastic although I'm a bit over the hipster wooden plank serving dishes that are everywhere. All in all the atmosphere was great. Don't think I'd go on a Friday or Saturday night though. By the time we left in the evening the place was getting pretty packed and it was a Sunday of a holiday weekend.They've got a great beer selection, with lots of local options on constant rotation. There's a good amount of space at and around the bar, and only a handful of games up front. Not many TVs for watching sports. The food menu isn't big, but it gets the job done. Most of the games work, and I'm pretty sure nothing costs more than 1 token. Most are classic standups, but there's usually a few tabletops, sitdowns, and 4-ways to mix it up.Barcade is tucked in the middle of Fishtown, dim lighting and perfect for a rainy day. Do not make the same mistake I did-$20 in tokens is just too much. They have a great beer selection, and an array of bottom shelf to titos. Pros: Atmosphere, actives and staff attentiveness. Cons: Hate that they do not let children in for the afternoon, I know they can be a pain but anyone with kids would gladly drink their worries away here, and they do not have skiiball. Favorite winter day-time and happy hour spot!I came here with the bf since his old classmate was visiting from Texas.  What a pain it was to get here since a lot of the roads were closed from construction.  We ended up going down some weird and creepy alley way that was blocked off.  But parking wasn't too bad when we got there.  
The front end of the place where the bar was is a bit tightly packed.  They did have a large variety of craft beers on tap.
The arcade selection is great and a lot of fun.  But the place is a bit dark and feels dirty.They seem to have a wide variety of games, but I wish they had more pinball machines.  The place is roomy and has a patio, which is nice.  Service is good, but I did not like that my credit card and i.d. card were taken without my permission and not returned.  The bartender rubber banded them together and put them away, without asking prior to my handing them to him, if that would be ok.  In response, I chose to close out my tab immediately to get my cards back.  I paid for my next transaction in cash.
Also, the next time I go there, I will eat elsewhere before going, as the food was quite bad.  Apart from that though, the service was friendly.Got $20 and tryna have a good old fashioned time? Well this little gem in Fishtown is the place to go! Just about 2 blocks above the El train, Barcade looks like it would be a hole in the wall night club but as soon as you step through the courtyard you're in for a treat. It's got beer and food options but like the name suggests it has a delightfully nostalgic arcade full of games from the 80s and 90s. There's two token machines (one in the front and one in the back) so you need not worry about filling your fanny pack with quarters! There's a 4 player pac man table in the front of the bar and needless to say that and Ms. Pac Man have the longest line but all and all it's worth it. Definitely going to be a frequent visitorLike some of my fellow beer and video game enthusiasts above, I feel compelled to write a review defending this place from the overly snooty individuals who have given it average/poor reviews. 
Simply put: This. Place. Is. Awesome!!!!!
It's got about 30 draft beers, a lot local, some not, most very high quality craft beers. Good food, about what youd expect, but a lot better than an average bar food. 
By the way, tuesdays are taco night, how can you go wrong there? Answer: You can not. Respect the taco. Street style tacos, good pork or beef and a sirracha sauce. Score. 
That all said, the real gem of this place is the games. If you're older (30+) or appreciate the older games (1980-1990's) these games are awesome. They have old titles like Crystal Palace, Donkey Kong, Frogger, Joust, Asteroids Deluxe (with a hologram screen!!!)  and so so many more. My wife has a new nemesis in the game Burger Time...Way harder than you'd think it'd be...Anyway, I digress. Did I mention the games are only 25 cents??? Yep. Everything is a quarter to play, just like the old days. Good times, there. 
Atmoshere: Kind of dark, a little grubby, but feels like what a bar/arcade ought to be. Noisy, cheerful and relaxed. 
Service: Good the first time we were there. 
Food: Good, the real thing to come here for is the beer. 
Overall: I'd go back. In fact, we're going back in just a few minutes. We have family in town and are taking them for a few brews and a few games of Ninja Turtles. Don't judge us....This is a great place to spend about an hour when a friend comes to town. They have craft beers and $0.25 arcade games. But the fun wears off after a couple of dollars worth of gaming.
Still, it's a great place to start the night.Look. there are some bad reviews for this place, but they are bogus. My wife and I were there for a few hours on a sat. afternoon, and shawn the bartender was as friendly as they come. We will be back soon for sure. He was happy to let us try beer as much as we wanted and he was passionate about craft beer. Food was good and definitely some nostalgia there with the arcade games. excellent experience.How can anyone NOT give this place a 5/5? DO YOU LIKE PACMAN? DONKEY KONG? NINJA TURTLES? X-MEN? EVER WONDER WHY MICHAEL JACKSON HAS AN ARCADE GAME? WHAT KIND OF POWERS DOES MJ HAVE IN HIS ARCADE?!?! COME TO BARCADE AND FIND OUT! 
I grew up in the 90's. If you did then you can appreciate this place. Remember the days when your parents took you to the arcade/ movie theater/ bowling ally and you spent your money trying to see how far you could get in X-men the Arcade? Dibs on Wolverine. 
Now you can live that experience again at the age of 28. Grab a gaggle of friends. Enjoy some beers. And play 25 cent arcade games. Its like you never left 1997... and you probably still don't know how to talk to girls. Nothing has changed. 
The beer selection is superb. It's very unique. It covers all the bases, all the IPA's, seasonal, Pale ales, etc, and the prices are reasonable. Make sure to pick up some merch on the way out. Their tee shirts are nostalgic and made by American Apparel, great quality. Barcade adds games constantly. They also added seating in the center of the game room, it's perfect for bigger parties. The deck in the back is a plus too. Enjoy. 
And remember if you're complaining about this place for one reason or another: it's because you don't realize how much it costs to fix 25 year old arcades that are not made anymore. I'll glaldy pay for a pricey beer knowing that there is a place in the great city of Philadelphia with an original Terminator Judgement day arcade system.GAMER NERD NIRVANA !! This is definitely a hidden treasure of a place! Love love love all the beers on tap, and having 25 cent old fashioned video arcade games to boot is a definite plus!  I would go here just to eat though!  I tried the hummus and pita bread ($4), which was sooooooooooo tasty, and had the mac n cheese pulled pork sandwich ($8 i think) which was Oh mah god good!   Good mix of funky people, which I always like! Will definitely go back here again, or stop to eat there on the way to the Sugarhouse casino (which is right near this place). Would have given 5 stars, but parking in that area is kinda a bitch. Watch for 2 hour parking signs, because parking authority was rampid through there!Barcade is a lot of fun.  It has a ton of old arcade games, including a lot of 80s classics.  They have one of the best beer lists in town, including a very extensive (and frequently updated) offering of craft brews.  It has a cool look inside: dark wood, exposed brick, etc.  There's seating, but also open floor space for those who come as big groups and want to mix and mingle.  There's a definite hipster vibe, but not in a way that makes it uncomfortable for people who aren't part of that crowd.
The staff is fairly efficient.  The wait is never unreasonably long (relative to the size of the crowd).  Most of the time, they're friendly and helpful, though, every once in a while, they have a night where they're not feeling so friendly.
Barcade can get pretty crowded, so you might not be able to stake out that much personal space at peak bar-time on weekends. A number of other reviewers complained about the prices.  I don't think that they charge an unheard-of amount for what you get, but most of their beers are expensive beers, and they're not selling anything at bargain prices... Don't expect to find a $2 drink option. 
Overall, Barcade is a fun place, especially for lovers of arcade games... Or beer.All I can say is.. BARCADE is BANANAS!! I have been looking for a place that combines good beer with a good time and boy did I find it! I meant to be here for an hour with my peeps but I ended up staying for 5! I love the old arcade games.. they have everything! Donkey Kong, Asteroids, Tempest.. YOU NAME IT THEY GOT IT!
I suggest everyone go there.. even your mama ;)2.5 Stars. I thought I'd like this place, especially after visiting the one in Jersey City earlier this summer. I won't compare the two (which is difficult), but I was just not overly impressed. The location in Northern Liberties makes you question why you're even there. I could've sworn I was not even in the right area until I finally stumbled upon it.
However, Barcade is definitely spacious, but almost too much so. I noticed a separate outside seating area as well. The good news is they had some decent beers on tap and I went with a new fall seasonal.
As far as the classic arcade games, I enjoyed dropping some quarters into Arkanoid, Tetris, Ms. Pac Man and Donkey Kong. But, some of the limited game selections either didn't work or weren't plugged in, which was disappointing
Needless to say I didn't stay long. With so many other better places to go in the surrounding area, I probably don't see myself coming back anytime soon.This place has a lot of awesome stuff going on. It's in a neighborhood that could use some fixing up, but finds a way to pull in a good crowd. The beers on tap are all craft brews, there are no televisions - and then you step into the game room.
Has anyone seen the movie "King of Kong" before? Well, this is the bar where all the guys in that movie would hang out if they were beer drinking types. This place has almost all of the best arcade games of yesteryear - Tetris, Donkey Kong, old school Mario Bros, Paperboy, Rampage, Arkanoid, and the list goes on. Moreover, there's a chalkboard overhead listing the house's top scores, and according to the Donkey Kong score, there are some serious gamers who've been through their doors.
Bonus! This girl - http://www.flickr.com/photos/barcadephiladelphia/6261569482/in/photostream - was our bartender, and she's awesome. Great service makes regulars, and I bet she has plenty.They have great games (Ms. Pacman!) and though a few were out of working order the night I went, it was still a great selection and tokens were pretty cheap (25 cents per token).
Happy hour wasn't the best deal I've seen, which was just a $1 off well wine and beers, but the wine was pretty good. Also got whiskey gingers, and dark and stormies which were both great. Made the dark and stormy with Kraken and ginger beer which was delicious! Had a great night.Dark warehouse type setting, similar to its Brooklyn progenitor.  Good beer selection if overpriced by a buck or two.  We opted for cocktails.  Good selection of old school games you can play for a quarter.  I forgot how hard Burger Time is!  It gets points for being a unique Philly bar experience.I come here mostly for the arcade part of barcade, so I can't speak to the tacos or any cocktails, but this place is ideal for a beer and some games. I would recommend going here with a smaller group as it gets very crowded and easy to lose track of people as they are all playing different games. It's easy to get swept up in the games so I'd recommend bringing a set amount of cash to exchange for coins or you could easily spend a lot of money here. If you have a lot of pride in your game and you like having the high score for a game i would also keep in mind that they reset high scores daily, so you will lose your high score status come morning. I loved coming here for a night out, no crazy prices and all the classic arcade games you'd want! Definitely a great place for a unique Philly night out!Barcade is a fun novelty bar.  If you are looking to kill a an hour or two by drinking and playing retro arcade games, then I'd highly recommend it.
They had a good selection of fancy beers, however, something doesn't sit right about a Philly bar that doesn't serve Yuengling.
Finally, I understand that Barcade is going for a retro theme with its choice of arcade games, but I think a few classic 90s games wouldn't hurt (ie Simpsons, X-men, Ninja Turtles).Big space, good beer list, and a good place for a fun time.
The beers might be a little overpriced, but all the games are a quarter, so it all evens out.The games were enjoyable, if nothing to write home about. What truly made the experience unforgettable was the pallid, toadlike face of our bartender. She was extremely rude throughout our time there, seeming more interested in talking to her tattooed and mustachioed friends than she was actually tending bar. Even my significant other's best attempts at making nice were met with curt replies and grunts of recognition. The highlight of our stay was when I put a dollar into the change machine and got four quarters, the merry tinkling of coins being more personable than the entire two-hour interaction with the bartender. All in all, they had an excellent selection of drafts and nostalgia-inducing arcade games, but the service means I am unlikely to return in the near future. A shame.The first time I went to Barcade was about a month after they opened. It was a Friday night, I was with friends meeting more friends. We arrived to find a short line to get in which confused me. But after a few minutes in we went. They have a lot of games, most of which I have never heard of because arcades were not places I was allowed as a child. I happily got a beer and hung out while my friends tried to wait in line for the games. It was a busy night and I didn't really enjoy myself but the beer and company were good. 
Recently I went back with my boyfriend on a hot Sunday afternoon. We had heard they had a rare Rogue beer on draft I wanted to try so I figured it was worth a shot. The place was empty. There were a total of 4 other guests while we were there. I was able to play tetris and he played several he remembered from childhood. Their beer list is very good, and the pricing seems fair. It is a great place to escape the sun in the summer and we will probably be back. 
I do wish they had instruction manuals so that lame sheltered children like myself had a chance to learn how to play their games. But at least they have tetris, which I can handle.