Walked by this place and decided to check it out. Great beer and burger place, made even better knowing many things were organic. You can order from the menu, or create your own burger. They also have rotating beers and specials. Nice atmosphere and staff. Burgers don't come with anything, so order from the sides if you want some fries. (There's also sandwiches and salads if you don't want a burger) Vegetarian friendly.I was trying to find a decent place for dinner tonight for my moderately health conscious self when I came across this place. After figuring out what I wanted and put the Be My Bison burger in my cart for the online order, I realized it would be over a two mile round trip excursion from my job. Defeated, I started to search elsewhere but I could not get that burger off of my mind. I came back a few hours later and submit my order. I hiked it there and it just came out of the kitchen as I walked in.  I grabbed my burger and continued on my way back to work. O-M-G! Absolutely in love with this place. It has been quite the task to try and find healthy places that fit my diet but this is a dream come true! Thank You!Stopped for a very healthy burger while visiting Philly after performing a nearby Prince tribute show; discovered one of the greatest burger places on planet earth! Thank you Alya & company at Bareburger!! 
(-: 
Andrew von Gregor 
Pro Session & Touring Guitarist 
Los AngelesTerrible service, food came out cold even after waiting about 1 hour during lunch, way too pricey. Don't waste your time.Awesome burgers. I went adventurous and tried the Wiki Wiki, which is wild boar with duck bacon. My wife had the Buckaroo which was a beef patty topped with brisket. Both were very tasty. A little on the smaller side, but great flavors make up for it in spades. Fries and rings were great too.Ready for some unique meat burgers?
From Bison to Elk, Bareburger has you covered. Not to be left out, they also boast a nice selection for vegetarians.
While here on a visit, I had the El Matador.  A Bison burger with Queso Fresco, pickled jalapenos, guacomole. green leaf, and pico de gallo on a brioche bun. 
Can you say mouth party?!  Between the juiciness of the bison burger and the snap of the jalapenos & pico de gallo; I was delighted. 
In addition to my burger I noshed on the spicy pickles and fries with an assortment of dips. 
If I ever find myself in the area again, I will not hesitate to make stop.To update, the business owner has been in contact and has apologized and made up for it. Overall the Bareburger experience in Center City does have potential to be a good restaurant to check out.Insane!   The best foodie joint I've eaten at for fast casual chain....   Burgers are amazing!! But you MUST try the onion rings.....Burgers were ok. Service was a little slow, which was surprising considering it was dead in there. Apps were fantastic!No more Maine Root???? No more Pimento cheese??? It's these items that made this place a go to for us. No longer.If you're looking for fresh spins on the classic burger, this place is for you. Huge fan of the firequacker and the onion rings. Oh and did I mention their milkshakes are incredibleeee! The service is quick and the food is fresh every time! This place is fire.I'm a big fan of "exotic" meats.  Went to Bareburger two days in a row.  First time I had a Wild Boar burger (The Wiki).  Good sprouted wheat bun.  It was dressed with pineapple relish and duck bacon.  Meat was a bit underdone, even though cooked medium.  Delicious burger overall. And very good sweet potato fries.  Second day I had a build-your-own Elk burger with Blue Cheese and Alfalfa Sprouts with a side Kale Salad.  Again, meat was undercooked.   I ordered the hemp milk bun, a gluten free option.  Good flavored bun, but dry and crumbly.  I think toasting of this bun is NOT needed.  Going back today for a third visit.  I plan on a goat burger.  Stay tuned!I thought this burger joint was phenomenal! I ordered a chicken burger with pepper jack, bacon, guacamole, pico and ranch and the flavors were excellent. The chicken was AMAZING. I also thought our waiter was very attentive and helped with recommendations as well. This is a very cute/ hip place that seemed filled with the typical gluten free hipster but I really enjoyed it!Really cute new burger joint... Kind of a rustic grey decor that sets the tone for its exotic array of beef, elk, boar, and goat burgers. I had the elk and it was fantastic...I'm in town for a conference and turned to yelp delivery for an easy in-room dinner. This place looked good so we gave it a shot. The ease of ordering was great. Interesting menu with a lot of choices. Our food was delivered to our door about 10 minutes before the projected delivery time. The food was tasty but not out of this world. The portions were rather small and one of the burgers was over-cooked. Overall it was good though. I'd eat it again but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.So.. I needed dinner.. this place is close to home. A burger sounded like a good time. 
The Good - Burger was yum (El Matador) // They have a good beer selection // The staff is nice and attentive. 
The Not so great - Burger and fries didn't come out at the same time & I spent 34.00 for a burger, fries and a beer. This included the tip I left.. But 34 bucks for a freaking burger fries and beer?? come on dude. 
Ill be back, but for the lunch special which looks to be the best time to go.I expected to go there, try the veggie burger and leave without giving it that much thought.
It turns out a place that sells a lot of beef might become the new vegan hot spot of Philadelphia.
They label their menu which shows they are attuned to the concerns of vegans. So they meet the bare minimum. Good thing they surpass it.
For starters, get the pickles and slaw "bare snack". Two kinds of vegan slaw. The whole thing is fantastic. It made the perfect sharing item for a party of three.
They also have so many toppings and sides that are vegan. The vegan sandwiches they offer can be modified to add these items such as chickpea onions and stout onions. 
My wife and I split two vegan sandwiches, Guadalupe burger and the Mazuma tempeh sandwich. Both were great. I especially appreciate that they make their own veggie burger. No Morningstar Farms here.
For dessert we had the vegan carrot cake. The only item we ate that we didn't love. I would skip it net time.
Seriously, the meal I just had there compares very favorable to the many great all-vegan restaurants in Philadelphia. I am very very impressed.I cannot say enough good things about Bareburger!! First, let me begin by saying that I have been here twice so far and both times I have had the best burger in my entire life. Absolutely exceptional!! The quality of their food is top line, the best - if you need convincing, go to their website or better yet, give it a try because I promise they will not disappoint!! Their service is also great, but they do get rushes and there could possibly be a wait depending on when you go to dine in. The good thing about this place though, is you can order to go! If I lived in the area, I would definitely order out all the time. The restaurant itself is very clean, it's just a little small, but it's nice and intimate and the atmosphere is fun!! I would and have driven from the suburbs, sat in traffic, just to eat here - it's THAT amazing!! For those who are looking for a vegan or gluten free place to eat, this is it and for those who are looking for a delicious meal, this is also the place!! The first time I went with a group of friends, the manager stopped by several times to ensure we were getting nothing but great service. I could go on and and on and on about how earth shattering their food is, but I implore anyone who reads this to go!! Also, save room for dessert (I know this can be challenging) but their milkshakes are to die for!! What are you waiting for, go now!!It was my first time here. I love the wild boar burger with the duck bacon. OMG! It was so interesting. Duck bacon I never heard of it before. I'll be going back. I also sweet potato fries.I had the elk burger here and was completely underwhelmed. My wife had a beef burger and she declared it excellent. If it weren't for that I think I'd give it 2 stars. Service was spotty at best. If i went back, which i might, i would definitely go with the beef burger. When in rome i guess, but that Elk burger was really not very good at all - i do not recommend it - if that's the best they got for an elk burger they should pull it off the menu. Decor was kinda cool. ;-)I love Bareburger and have dined at many Bareburger locations in NYC, but this one is by far the worst. I have eaten here twice. Both times I was seated and then had to wait 15 minutes for a server to even approach my table. The food takes very long to come out, and I had to find somebody to ask for the check, since my server never checked in with us. Strange too since it's a relatively small location. A very frustrating experience.Big fan of this place and don't know why it's not overflowing with people. Aside from the many delicious burger/sandwich items on the menu, you can create your own burger with a huge array of options to choose from, including: bison, wild boar and elk! The space inside is open, light and airy, a little kitschy albeit. They have a bar in the back and a few TVs also spaced around the restaurant. Servers were friendly and attentive. Great place for a good quality burger.I always bring my friends here when they're visiting from out of town. They always love it even if they're not into burgers! Gotta say this place never ceases to please. Their whole look and feel and belief system is awesome. 
They're big on recycling, so all their locations are made up of old torn down barn parts, including the tin ceiling tiles, the chairs, tables, most of the decorations, etc. I love their take out menu. It's pocket-sized and really cute with a great selection of items that are all made to order. It's a little harder to follow that their dine-in menu but even their dine-in menu can be a bit overwhelming to follow. My favorite topping is the chickpea onions: its just shoestring onions dipped in a chickpea batter and fried to a crisp. Goes great on any burger! The appetizers are really pricey and are only really worth it if there's a bunch of people eating. Good for groups. The pickle and slaw appetizer is a good one to share. The sweet potato fries and other side items are just enough.
My favorite server there is Heaven who always knows just what to recommend and is very charming in her presence. My friends love having her wait on us. She is always smiling and keeping things upbeat! The bar staff are a great group too. they are always willing to mix drinks up together for you. I always mix the iced teas together (which are all really good with a little agave).  
Seriously loving the Philly location. Wish they stood out more. Its dark from the outside and pretty easy to miss, even with the marquee sign outside. The space is great, love the booth seating and the bear theme. 
Bare Burger is pricey but so worth it. The ingredients are always fresh and the menu has something for everyone. Lots of customization in their burgers make it even more enjoyable. Definitely give it a shot if you're feeling down and want to treat yo' self. :)I didn't want to risk having a dry burger, so I picked bison meat, specifically the Southern Caviar which also contains bacon, pimento cheese, stout onions, and a horseradish remoulade.  I didn't pick up on the onions or remoulade- the bacon and pimento cheese stood out as the heavyweight topping champions.  I have to admit, the bison burger was thick and cooked to a nice pink, medium. I could actually envision my bison roaming around happily in his humane pasture.  It wasn't very seasoned, but the salt from the bacon and tang of the cheese balanced it out. I also liked the hearty, seeded brioche bun. A side of spicy pickles instead of fries ensured that I could walk out without feeling gross in the stomach area. I ended up being way less upset that I spent $13 on a chain burger than I thought, in fact, I would recommend spending the money on a Bareburger burger.SoCal burger = so darn good!  So good, that I've eaten at Bareburger on at least 5 occasions, but always order the same darn thing!! Avocado, pickled onions, and I always add a little jalapeño for some extra heat ...
I also love that they deliver.  As such, Bareburger has been my default lunch option for rainy days when I'm in no mood to leave the office.Not the best burgers in the city, but it's my favorite out of the other burger-oriented places in the area. They have a large menu with interesting options, different meats and milkshakes. The hot honey is delicious. 
They serve some of their chicken sandwiches with funky cuts of meat, so if you're a white-meat only eater then ask before ordering. I've had one bad experience with an order and the manager rectified it, so they're fine in my book.
Have ordered delivery a few times and it always came within their estimated time.Food is solid and they have many unique options such as elk and wild boar. Definitely check out their menu if you are interested. Small portion compared to most burger places. The only downside is that the service is super slow - not enough waiter/waitresses. To be honest, this place doesn't have to be a sit down restaurant and will do just fine allowing self service. My roommate and I waited over 40 minutes for our burgers, which was a bit annoying.Amazing food. Ridiculously high quality ingredients. Definitely will come back whenever I get a chance.I was fiending a burger last week to pick up and devour in the car and this was the closet joint to my location.  I ordered the house burger and sweet potato fries and it came out to about $18.  The bun was airy and light, the meaty part was cooked fine and the sweet potato fries were average.  All in all it was a solid meal but left my super Asian metabolism wanting more and overall worth of the meal felt more in the $12 range.  I liked the inside vibe of the place too as it brought a tranquility to my random anxious states.The excellence in food and service that was there when they opened has been completely maintained. With the high quality of the ingredients, I never feel weighed down after I eat here. Milkshake is my favorite in the city.I ate at bareburger for lunch today. Started with the pickles and salads. All of the pickles were yummy. I liked the one salad (coleslaw like salad) but didn't love the wasabi carrot salad. My fiancé ordered the Hog Wild (wild boar, pimento cheese, fried egg, chickpea onions, green tomato, brioche bun), which was sooo good! I ordered the Cali fresh salad and added the black bean as my meat. I didn't realize that when you add meat to your salad, it comes in a burger form. So I had a black bean burger on top of my salad. The salad was ok. It had a lot of bean sprouts and lacked on the amount of kale. I wouldn't go here for a salad. I would go back for their burgers. Next time I'll have to try a shake.Like others, I've been a fan of Bareburger. Today, I am disappointed and questioning that I'll go back, even with a groupon and a $10 credit. 
BOTTOM LINE: I invest in you; you need to invest in customer service training and scripting. 
I've been to Brooklyn Bareburger a bunch of times for dine-in and takeout. No problems. 
I dined in once at Walnut St. and had no complaints worth writing. Today, I ordered takeout, and am now doubting that I will ever go back. 
I ordered the Wiki Wiki and a full order of sweet fries (with curry ginger ketchup) to go. I drank a Mexican Mule while I waited; no complaints about the drink. I live a distance from the restaurant, so I wasn't expecting the perfect experience when I got home. I just wanted my Bareburger. 
While waiting, I sent the groupon to skeptical friends. You know, the ones who can't see paying over $20 for a burger and fries. Yeah, I was a fan. I left happy. 
When I got home, I saw that I'd been given a side order of regular fries with a single packet of generic ketchup. Disappointing, yes, but not fatal. What ruined the experience was poor communication. 
The bartender, whom I'd liked, first responded by saying he hadn't bagged my order (not helpful, since we both knew I was there, and already knew this). Then he added that he would look into the problem. If only he had said the second part without the first. At one point, he commented that he knew I was so looking forward to the sweet fries. This sounded condescending, particularly since I hadn't shared any sweet fry fetish with him. After he offered me a credit for exactly what I was missing, I asked to speak with a manager. 
The manager's (John's) first response was "But that was a while ago." I offered to send a snapshot of what I'd received, and he declined. I then told him just how far away I live. I won't write about how inappropriate it is to begin a customer service call with skepticism. I'm not a trainer at Bareburger. But the implications of this sort of approach can be found in the writing of Ta Nehisi Coates. 
Then John confused my complaint, thinking I'd received sweets when I wanted plain fries. I corrected him, as did a voice in the background. Then John suggested that everything was probably gross by the time I got home. It sounded and felt as snarky/dismissive/disrespectful/unhelpful as it reads. I asked him to clarify the point of that statement. He dropped that tactic, and explained that they'd normally deliver the corrected order, but I was too far away. I expressed that I understood. 
I asked John to tell me what he COULD do, since a credit for exactly what I was missing seemed inadequate. He asked me how I'd paid (groupon plus a credit card), told me he could look into contacting groupon, and told me he didn't know how that worked. I asked again "What CAN you do John?" I also explained, again, that an even credit wasn't enough for the current disappointment. 
Finally, he explained that they usually add a little extra to the credit, to make up for a past error. He used the price of a side order as an example. I asked him what the credit would be for exactly what I'd ordered. Then we got to $10 and an apology. 
I still don't know why it was so hard...??? Customer Service skills are not automatic, and my sense is that Bareburger is winging it. Unfortunately, winging it has had an alienating effect on me. I'm contacting Bareburger corporate, and groupon, for a more satisfactory customer service experience.This is where you go to experience a burger that you can't get most anywhere else, such as an elk or bison burger. Don't wimp out, try something new here; the very friendly staff will assuredly help you out with recommendations.Wow I just had one of the worst experiences at Bareburger. We live very close but have frequented Shake Shack which is a bit of a walk. My husband suggested we try Bareburger tonight because it's close and thought it might be nice. We went with some friends and could not have had a worse experience. First and last time. When we arrived they said that they had a busy weekend and were out of a few things. Hostess said fries, sweet potatoes and onion rings but they had plenty of other things. When we were seated and were about to order, the waitress informed us they were out of about 20 things (fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings, sprout rolls, bison, beers, vanilla and chocolate ice cream - we came with kids! -  .... and the list went on. Everything we ordered they did not have. Then as we are eating, we see orders of onion rings pass us. And then sweet potato fries. When asked about it they said they ordered prior. They were not even seated when we ordered! Clearly not possible. It was an absolute s@&$ show. And the level professionalism was a 1 at best for honesty and handling a challenging situation. Sad because we probably would have gone often. Terrible experience had nothing to do with the items they were out of and everything to do with the way in which it was handled.This place is really good. Lots of variety, they had 3 different types of veggie burgers and a lot of topping options. I had Guadalupe (I think) and it was amazing as is, but even better with pickled jalapeño. Everything had lots of flavor! Be careful with the build your own burgers though, all the toppings and options can add up and get pricey. Your better off ordering one of the ones already on the menu. Overall really really good meal.I love BareBurger.
As a New York transplant, I was so excited to see that BareBurger is now here in Philadelphia!
The menu is varied and suitable for pretty much every single person. 
Vegan, gluten free? You have options here...
Want to just eat nothing but meat? This is your place!
I've come to dine here four times, and take out twice. Each meal has been delicious. 
What is really fantastic is that the staff is so welcoming to little kids. My toddler is great and will eat almost all of his cubby meal- but often bits and pieces (mostly the apple slices) fall to the floor. 
Never once has anyone seemed bothered by this.
The dining area is open, but has the same welcoming rustic appeal that all Bareburgers have. While my favorite is the original is Astoria, Queens- I feel any time I am a little homesick I can stop in here and I am welcomed and it's a great experience.Excellent burger place and very creative with their menu. Staff is very friendly and accommodating, and knowledgeable. esp the slim guy up front ringing the orders , he makes some great suggestions. U ask why only 3/5? I love everything about the place but I have yet to give a restaurant a 5 and 4 are scarce too and also cant its a burger place. If we r looking at only bar food, this place is easily top 5 in my list.Most delicious bison burger and sweet potato fries I have ever had. Service was great, even though I walked in 20 min before closing.Have walked by this place a million times and finally said, why not?! The wait staff was really nice, the hostess not so much. Built my own burger and it was actually really really great, the side pickles was awesome, sadly the fries and onion rings were just meh (kinda was hoping for a little better there), only complaints were the ketchup and soda were both some all natural gross version of themselves, Ketchup should be Heinz.  No exceptions there.  Priced as a casual dining restaurant.Great atmosphere, even better food. I created a wild boar burger and you could taste the quality ingredients. Worth every penny!Had the buckaroo burger. Too expensive for what you get. If the meat is high quality why feel the need to cover it up with so many other ingredients and condiments???  Granted I'm not a huge burger fan to begin with but the quality did not warrant the price.Had the elk burger with manchego. Great burger despite the organic ketchup. Little expensive for a smaller burger. Overall a great experienceMore vegan options than I expected. The collard green wrapped farmstead was hardier than expected.I've been to this location twice. Yesterday the service was so-so: timely and polite but no smiles and seem bothered slightly by a couple questions. Other time it was great, food and decor are awesome, I am still giving 5 stars because service was ok still but general experience is top notch. LOVE the quality! My favorite place for a burger- sandwhich with nice veggie options as well!Below average 12$ cheeseburger. Small and underseasoned. California BLT, probably decent but kitchen cheaped out and used the butt end of the loaf of bread. Out of first 3 beer choices I selected. Will not return.I'm obsessed with Bareburger. There is literally something for everyone on the menu. When I visited, we had someone who was vegan and someone who was gluten-free, and they both found plenty of options on the menu. The have multiple veggie burger options and a very decent tap/bottled beer offering!The food here is phenomenal. There are so many unique menu options and knowing that all the food is organic makes it even better. I had the "Duck Duck Gouda," which I instinctively ordered because it had the word "Gouda" in its name. I had never heard of duck bacon before, but Bareburger opened my eyes to it. It was delicious.
I deducted one star because we sat for a long time without water refills and it took one person in our party a long tIme to receive her change.TERRIBLE SERVICE
I had out of town guests and took them to Bareburger. We were a party of 4. When we entered, we were behind a party of 2. The party of 2 was immediately seated at a 4-person booth, while there were multiple tables for 2 available. Host told us they were just clearing another booth (and pointed to it) and said we would be seated there shortly. In the meantime a party of 5 came in after us. It took 10 minutes to clear the table and then another hostess came up to the original host to ask who was waiting for a table. He told her our party of 4 and a party of 5. She proceeded to seat the party of 5 at the booth, adding a chair to the end of the table. There were no other tables, let alone booths, available for 4. When we told her we were supposed to be seated first, she said there was no other place for the party of 5 and it was just logical to seat them there!?? In what world is that logical?  We walked out and will not go back. Went down the block to Barra Rossa, seated within 5 minutes, had excellent service!
Another annoyance at Bareburger, while we were waiting to not be seated, a hostess came and shouted at the several groups of people waiting to MOVE TO THE BACK OF THE RESTAURANT SO PEOPLE CAN GET THROUGH! Has management never heard of customer service training?This review is for take out only. I ordered the Hot Honey Chicken, it was cold and just okay. They didn't trim the fat off the chicken. I requested extra crispy french fries they came cold wet and soggy. They quoted 45 minutes and the order arrived in 1 hour and 15 minutes. Don't get take out from here, they don't have their ducks in a row yet. I'll will give them another try but in dining only.Got a wonderful burger on a soggy, white Wonder Bread-type bun--didn't taste like any brioche I've ever had. Very disappointing.Burger was awesome.  Perfectly cooked, melted cheese, great ingredients, and bun.  Yes, a little expensive, but excellent for free-range and humanely treated animals.  I can't wait to try the chicken, as well.  I did take out, and the fries were soggy by the time I got home --- maybe cutting a whole in the corners of the to-go containers would have curbed this a little.  But, overall, great place for healthy meat-eaters and veggies, alike.I will start by saying this food would be really good--it clearly is good quality. I ordered takeout and it was just so cold that it made the meal unejoyable.
Whenever I order takeout, I make sure to get there 5 minutes early in order to prevent taking home cold food. Because I'm not eating it right away, I want to at least take it home immediately. When I arrived it wasn't ready yet, which was fine. I waited and waited and my pickup time came and went. I waited some more and others' orders kept getting called out to be picked-up. Finally, I went to the register and asked them to check on my food. The bartender reached behind him and grabbed a bag that had been sitting there for at least 15 minutes and said "oh it must have just came up!" Now i was taking home food that had already sat around when I had gotten there early to prevent just that. 
I was very disappointed by this. I would suggest if you are going to eat there, don't do take-out. Dine in for sure.Pretty solid place. The burgers are good, though not quite as craveable as Shake shack, and sometimes cooked a little more than I like - medium means I should see pink. You can get an egg on them though which obviously makes anything awesome. Even though the burgers aren't top tier ; this place makes up for it with comfy seating, super friendly staff and all around good vibes. And the milkshakes are awesome. And beer.Took 20 minutes to get their basic burger. Not worth $12 after tip. Decent atmosphereDon't understand why this place has so many stars. I got the simple burger I believe and my boyfriend had the burger with the bacon (forgot the name) but both of us are now sick throwing up our meal. After coming ill after our meal I decided to come onto here to see how the ratings was and it seems some other people have also gotten sick here too. I personally would give it 0 stars. I did not enjoy my meal due to the rudeness I have encountered since the minute I stepped foot into that establishment, it just made my dinner with my boyfriend pretty bad due to neither of us wanting to be there from the attitudes we were receiving from the the hostess and our waitress. Won't be returning and I would recommend for you not to even check this place out. Go to five guys or any other burger establishment and save yourself some money and possibly a very rough trip to the bathroom!Just ok. Our group had salads and Impossible Burgers. The meatless burger. Yeah, it was edible, but not something worth more than actual meat unless you're veggie. Salads were also just OK.  Good draft beer prices though.Closer to 3.5 stars.
Just had this for lunch.
The place was nice looking and clean.
The staff was really friendly.
I paid 15.99 for a fire quacker duck burger and some sweet fries.
The burger itself was a little smaller than I had anticipated.  It wasn't as flavorful as I thought it was going to be either.  It wasn't even remotely spicy.  The duck was cooked very well though and tasted good.  I've had better sweet fries.  
I think I will try this place again though, I really want to try the duck bacon or brisket on a burger.I love Bare Burger. Whenever I feel like treating myself this place is at the top of the list. The food is great and I love trying something new every time I visit. I also love the staff! They are super sweet and genuine.The best burger place I've ever been to.  Great variety of burgers, both in meat choice (including elk and DUCK, yes, duck), and in toppings.  You can order from a variety of burger/topping combos or build your own (I think build-your-own is better).  The onion rings are excellent.  The waiters are friendly. The burgers are great, and are all from grass-fed meat.  The booze is organic.  Best of both worlds - burger bar and environmentally friendly foods. They  have other things too, like salad and chicken, but I cannot imagine why anyone would get something other than a burger! Except, of course, the "Duck Duck Gouda".  Don't ask, just get it. Ambiance is casual - music is a BIT loud but at least it's good music.Delicious organic burger, but a bit overpriced for the size. Sweet potato fries excellent, but also overpriced.  Service is good.OMG amazing! If I could add a plus I would. The food was so tasty, filling, and light! In addition to the food the service was amazing. It was the best service I had my entire trip. They were so friendly, welcoming, and attentive. Can't wait to visit again!I generally am very easy to please when it comes to eating out. Food a little off? No problem. Could have used a little more water refills? Ok, it happens. 
But Bareburger took everything not to the next level, but a whole new definition of "bad."
We arrived to a hip atmosphere, trendy staff, and what appeared to be great food. 
The food was good. That is, after waiting about an HOUR for two burgers to come out. The fries were hot. Unfortunately, the burgers weren't. We didn't dare ask for them to be warmed up in fear of never seeing food for the rest of the night. The most amazing part of the whole thing was the complete lack of urgency on behalf of the staff. No hustle, no urgency no acknowledgement of the ridiculousness of the situation. 
Sorry guys. You make a decent burger, but we won't be back.Super hipstery. Let's just get that out of the way. But when it comes to the burgers at this place, this is not a bad thing at all. If you're vegan, vegetarian, or gluten free, you're set! If you're a happy meat eater, you're also set! Go with the make-your-own burger option. You won't regret it. With a wide variety of classic and unusual options (elk burger with feta, anyone?), you're sure to find something you'll enjoy.I was legit craving a burger badly when I walked by Bareburger. There are a lot of pluses going on here. Different types of meats you might not see at your average burger joint. You can build your own burger or stick with the creations they've invented. Gluten-free buns, veggie options, and non-burger sandwiches are all on the menu. And they have a liquor license/little bar! Ron was my server and he was great. Friendly and attentive while also respecting that I needed some time to chow down properly. I'll be back with friends!An amazing selection of unique meat options (including boar, elk, and bison) in addition to your standard beef.  If you want a really special burger - this is the place!Ordered from here while at work and I wanted to try something new. Whew! This food was so delicious, those onion rings are to DIE for, my coworker literally kept my receipt after I shared my onion rings with her, and she immediately started telling others about it at her second job!! Well done Bareburger. Next time I'll come sit in rather than having it delivered.Best burger I ever had!!!  And I've had a few burgers!!!  And best ginger ale ever!!!!!!Basically delicious. All the time. 
The consistency of the quality is always great. I've been here probably like 20+ times. The meat is all organic and so is the produce. It's hard to find hormone free good quality food out at a restaurant. Versus buying at the store and cooking at home. 
Basically love this place. Tasty. And casual.Awesome burgers! Organic, grass fed meat, what else could you ask for! The service is great too! Oh, I forgot to mention the milkshakes!
Ron is best looking server in the world!!!!!!What a funky little spot with such a variety of things. Had the fries sampler and it was really yummy. All the sauces are pretty delicious. Everyone who ordered at our table was pleased. Will definitely be returning!We had a great lunch today. This was my second time back and both times the burgers were on point. Generally the kids don't eat all their portions, but today there was nothing left. The burgers were cooked right, came out hot and the fries were great. It was just the right portion for everyone. Our waiter Dave, was super nice and friendly, plus he checked on is often and he was working several tables.This is a good solid spot for burgers and fries. They're usually pretty busy, but it's usually worth the wait. Service is usually pretty fast and the food is good. I would probably recommend this to a friend.Came here with my work, a group of 6. The service was good, workers are really kind and helped up because it was our first time. The food was great, I got the buckaroo burger and I highly recommended it. Lots of flavor! My only setback was that it didn't come with anything, anything else you wanted you had to add on.. So I paid $14 for a burger, and then extra for fries, pickles, or anything else you wanted. 
Great food but wish it like included a little something for the buck! 
Also recommend the strawberry lemonade !!WOW!! This place is not your ordinary fast food restaurant. You can come in and sit down to dine in, order take out or enjoy yourself during happy hour at the bar. Well I decided to order takeout and sit at the bar during happy hour while I wait for my food. The happy hour beers are a good value, I got a nice cheap beer for $2.20 from a very friendly bartender/server. As for the burger I ordered the 'Fire Quacker' it's made of duck, added to pepper jack cheese, pickled jalapenos on a brioche bun. This 'burger' was juicy, tender and bursting with flavor. No it's not your traditional burger but if you are adventurous you should take a shot. I also ordered the onion rings, nothing to really speak of here. If they're 'homemade' they should rethink the recipe as the taste is bland and overly breaded.I would say that this place has the right idea but the execution is a bit off!
I love the idea of a good burger place that focuses on good, quality ingredients. I would say that Bareburger has that right. However, the burgers are nothing special and mine was a bit overcooked (I get mine medium and it was a little over). Additionally, I would say it was a bit bland.
The beer selection was just ok and the prices were a bit steep.
I would say that the atmosphere was a bit off as well... kinda empty, weird decor, music that seemed a bit too quiet and slow for a burger joint.
I would give Bareburger another chance if the prices came down a bit or the burger got a bit bigger, or the beer menu expanded. For now, I will wait and have my burgers elsewhere.I am a regular here due to the high quality of food. I always do a Be My Burger in a collard green wrap (omit the bun) and sweet fries (which are amazing). Burgers are made with grass-fed beef and you can certainly tell. The difference in flavor is astounding. They carry Sir Kensington's condiments too which is great! Ketchup without sugar is the freakin' bomb! Great spot for paleo eaters. Took a star off because they routinely get orders wrong or overcharge the check. At the price point, they really need to get these service issues resolved to keep their customer base, especially in a new city. It's nice that they deliver now though. Just remember to double check your receipt!
Oh, and I'd skip the salads here. They are expensive and usually quite small. At $11-12, I expect more than just a side salad portion.Great experience. 
Informal enough, trendy and relaxed atmosphere. The choice of burgers is amazing. I had the bison with guacamole and jalapeños, beautiful. You can design your own burger down to the single ingredient of you don't fancy any of the great pre-made proposals.
These guys know a thing or two about quality burgers. 
Also the staff is young and kind, excellent service.
A great burger experience In the heart of Philly.Sometimes when I read bad reviews on yelp, I assume the person is a crappy customer. I almost always think 'That person was probably just being an ass'. I wish so badly that Bareburger hadn't disappointed me over and over and over and over (you get the point)...
The biggest problem- Orders for pickup and delivery are ALWAYS wrong. This is not an exaggeration. On more than 6 occasions consecutively, they have either given wrong orders or food has been completely missing. On other occasions they'll call and tell us they are out of something, offer to sub it, then the order is still wrong. My boyfriend and I have, more than once, made bets that go like this. "How long before they call and tell us they're out of (insert desired order)", or "What's the over-under on our sides being missing?"
We've complained, politely, we've given them chance after chance because we love the food. But we can't anymore. Their promises that it won't happen again and their offers to reimburse aren't worth the frustration of half a meal being missing or wrong. Tonight's missing slaw was the last slaw straw.
Other problems- "Business hours" seems to be a loose term. They will stop seating, stop serving, or down right be closed before their posted hours. I have no idea how to determine the rhyme or reason for this. This type of willy-nilly schedule must be a luxury...I wonder if they're hiring...
-Service is questionable. I understand working in food service, I've been there. And I'll be the first to admit that people are the worst (some people take to the internet to rant about food...). But faking enthusiasm is a must if you are truly miserable and work at a restaurant. The people working at Bareburger are somehow able to make you feel like YOU have kicked a puppy in front of children when all you did was ask a friendly question. The DMV would be proud.
The food is great...when it shows up. Sadly I've missed out on tasting most of it. I won't be trying again.Went this past Saturday afternoon and I will say with all the restaurants in the ares, this place will not last since they cannot even meet the minimum standards for service and quality.  My wife and I ordered a cheeseburger with all the veggies on the side, an order of fries, an order of onion rings, a shake and a soda. My wife and I were sharing a burger and she does not like veggies and I do.  The shake and the soda came out right away.  The burger took over 40 minutes!!!  Yes 40 minutes for a burger, fries and onion rings!!!  When it did come out it had veggies on it, the rings and fries came out before the burger, the rings were cold.  They went and fixed our burger, but we think they did not remake our burger just scraped off the veggies and my wife said she could still taste pickles on the burger.  The waiter also stated that they cook all burgers to medium.  Well, ours was well done!!  It also was not very busy in there so not sure how it takes 40 minutes for a burger!!!  I would not recommend this place!  As a matter of fact while I was in our hotel elevator, someone said the food at our hotel was bad, which was true, so I told them if they want good food and service, do not go to Bareburger!!  I did recommed Bud and Marylin's and Locust Rondevous to the couple in the elevator.  (See my reviews for those establishments).  The only positive for Bareburger is they offered to make us another burger no charge and took that burger off our check.  We did not want another burger because we did not want to wait another 40 minutes.  If we are in Philly again, we would never go here.Really solid place in center city for a number of different burgers. I always go with the Bison burger and it is great. All organic and great sides. Only pitfall can be a tad pricey, but I guess you get what you pay for.