Great location if you are wandering around Rittenhouse Square. Due to its location, it's certainly not the largest store of the brand, but you can't beat it as a location for a pit stop in beautiful Center City.
As usual, the staff is usually helpful and can order anything you can't find immediately on the shelves.  There is also food and coffee available, if you're starting to get hangry.
As always, free wifi and lots of little nooks and crannies to plop yourself in if you're perusing through reading material.They wouldn't let me charge my phone while I was buying books for my daughter. That's right, save the $.15 but loose the lifetime customer!I love this B&N. Big cafe seating area. Not the most comfortable place to work, but it's not too loud and there's free wifi. The location is great. Everything you could want is in the Rittenhouse area. The place is organized and cozy. 
The bathrooms are pretty gross though...$6.50 soup and sandwich special ended up being $8.10. Sigh. The bookstore is amazing, but the staff at the cafe (note: NOT a Starbucks, though it serves some staple Starbucks drinks), seems understaffed, or the staff is not well trained. It's just kinda messy, they don't keep up on coffee cadence so they only had dark roast and everything is crazy expensive. They are not bad people though.Great bookstore! Always have what I want to read and is a good place to hangout. Why the A-OK review? It's always packed and the bathrooms are disgusting. Smelly and dirty all of the time! I guess BN can't help who goes in them, but there's got to be something they can do!Awesome location, right across from Rittenhouse Square! There is also a library nearby but don't let that stop you from browsing here. 
B&N is huge, has about 3 levels, 2nd floor cafe. I love the B&N Classics collection... a bargain! I don't have any complaints about this store. It is like Borders on Broad, but with the nice plus of being near the park. I really miss this place.
I did have one creepy moment when I was in the computers section and there was a guy hiding back there reading an erotic novel and masturbating. I guess this isn't unlike walking around a library and catching people doing naughty things behind bookshelves, but that was the only time I was freaked out. So if you see a shady guy doing something like this, do what I failed to do and let an employee know!One of the blessings about living in a city like Philadelphia, which is both large and very very old, is that there are a plethora of second hand bookstores scattered throughout. As such you can almost always find something you're looking for (sans new releases) without going to a major chain.
If you do have to go to a major chain, your primary choices are Borders Books at Chestnut & Broad and this Barnes & Noble location on Rittenhouse Square. Like everything on the park, this B&N carries a residual snottiness that I find a little pretentious, and so I don't go there often.
My first and biggest gripe is that on many occasions when I've gone in their front door security guard demands the right to check my bag. We have to get into this big conversation about profiling, the rights of loss prevention, the rights of private establishments VS the right to be protected from illegal searches/seizures, and I hate that. As a rule I avoid places that demand they check your bag because it is inherently sexist (they never check women's purses) and I find they target "certain types of people" to bother about it (usually including me.) The bottom line is private retail establishments do not have the right to demand upon searching or seizing your bag as a qualifier for allowing you inside.
My other gripe about this B&N is that the service inside ranges from extremely helpful and sweet to extremely skulky and rude. I visited on 5/1/08 to meet a professor friend who was going to sit in the cafe and grade papers. He was delayed and I ended up having half an hour to browse. To a bibliophile like myself, a half an hour of free time in a bookstore could lead to $500 in unexpected purchases. But when I feel like every employee is staring holes through my head while I shop, I mentally switch from shopping mode to "making a list of things I'm interested in so I can by them at home on ebay" mode.
On this visit I stopped by the info desk and there were two women who were extremely helpful. They offered to page my friend over the intercom, joking that the humiliation factor alone was worth it. They also directed me to the 2nd floor pay phone and to the cafe to get change to USE said pay phone. Lovely young ladies. Unfortunately we were interrupted by another security person - this time a woman who was clearly working in loss prevention - who came over and gave me a pseudo lecture/hard time about a stuffed animal I was carrying around (an item I had found in the store and had intended to purchase.)
In terms of selection, this B&N is really not that special - it has exactly what every other major location has. So really I have neither praise or pan for B&N in Philadelphia: it is what it is and it's what they all are, and anyone familiar with the chain should know exactly what to expect here.
By the by, at the cafe I got an extra large - excuse me, "Venti" - Italian Soda for $2.30 with tax. However, I marked the price range as expensive, because in today's competing world where newly released hardcover books are often severely marked down on Amazon.com or other retailers, B&N continues to have very high product prices.The store is great: well laid out, good selection, they don't move stuff around all the time so you get used to it and can find stuff. The cafe is fun, could be cleaner, people could be a little more considerate, but hey, that's not B&N's fault.
Nook -- absolutely miserable. Never get one! Did you know you are only licensing the books? You can't easily share them or read them any other way but on the Nook, which dies soon after purchase.
Gift Card, Membership cards? Excruciatingly mind-numbing corporate experience here. Avoid. Avoid. Go and have a coffee and enjoy a book or magazine and relax at the store. That is what B&N is best at, order bulk from Amazon.Way to go, Barnes & Noble, for still being in business (I miss Borders!), and still making it cool to read paperback books. This store is in the heart of Philadelphia across from Rittenhouse Square - in one of the best neighborhoods in the city. Can't beat the location. 
I was looking for a calendar in July (go figure!) and I ended up speaking to multiple service associates as they directed me to find the 18-month calendar section. Each of them, while uncertain exactly where to point me, where so friendly and helpful, that I almost didn't mind the fact that they didn't know where the section was! 
Barnes and Noble has a great coffee cafe, plenty of books, front door security, and three floors full of treasures from board games to giftable nick-nacks. 
I'm a fan. I'll be back again.What to say about a bookstore? Yup, lots of books in here, and a decent selection! 
The starbucks inside is pretty good, make sure to get there early on the weekend if you're looking for a good seat! Free ATT Wifi, no one bothers you, pretty good!Very nice book store with an impressive selection of product. Sure beats the ones out where I come from in the Midwest. Nice location too!I know it is better to vote for the indie guys, but let's face it, B&N might as well be considered an underdog with the way bookstores have died in the past 5 years.  I know Amazon is great and all, but maybe I want to look through a book before purchasing it and that doesn't mean looking at a jpeg of the front and back cover.  Maybe I want a friendly face to help find a book rather than a web browser.  Maybe I want a book right here and right now so I can enjoy the rest of my gd lunch break in the park while reading the latest and greatest.  Maybe I want to walk by a table of summer reading and joyfully remember that I once spent summers with Hester Prynne or the March sisters.  Maybe I want to look at the 20 different kinds of knitting magazines.   
Ok.  I am down off my soapbox now.Gotten all kinds of useful books here I think some of these yelpers should read up on positivity. I recommend Rhonda Bryne. The world and Yelp would be a better place of more people picked up her books at Barnes  and Noble. I am thankful to have such a convenient book store.Pro: 
1. They're open late.
2. Public bathrooms are clean! (sometimes)
3. Good selection in books, can we say massive clearance pile!?
4. Starbucks treats and coffee while I browse? yes please!
5. Staff ALWAYS so helpful!
6. 3 Floors! There's always tons of people in here but never crowded and i never feel claustrophobic in here!
Cons:
1. Uhm... oh, got one! The tables are always taken. I don't think I have ever seen anyone get up. I don't know how they do it...
I will be honest. When Borders (RIP) was open, I would go there instead just because they always seemed to be a bit cheaper and i didn't have to pay for my rewards card for a discount. For the time being though I guess B&N will do.What can you say. From top to bottom Barnes & Noble present a great user experience. This location is especially nice because of the architecture and size of the building. Four floors packed with all the books you'd want, though not too much as to overwhelm. 
PERK: Park! Walk outside with your book and coffee, and you're in lovely Rittenhouse Square. Sit and read! Enjoy!This Barnes & Noble, across from Rittenhouse Park, is pretty much your basic B&N. Three floors of good old fashioned reading materials, with a Starbucks cafe on the 2nd floor. Fiction is allll the way up on the 3rd floor -- thank goodness for escalators lol. And while I was shopping, one of the baristas was also passing out croissant samples! What service! And yet ...
In general, I found the selection of books to be a little bit lacking. I couldn't find a few of my favorite fiction authors -- some very well-known! I decided to go back downstairs to browse the magazine section instead, which was pretty well-stocked. I chose a few & sat down to skim through them, but I was a little uncomfortable with the handful of sketchy characters relaxing by the windows. Outside, there was some kind of protest, and people were chanting & yelling loud enough for everyone inside to hear. And when one guy sitting next to me started having a very heated conversation with himself, I quickly chose my magazines & dashed off to the register.
Yeahhh ... not so much. I'll try my luck out in the park instead. Moral of the story: buy your magazines & run.This three floor bookstore is a nice stop for adventures to the Rittenhouse Square area. I found the store hard to navigate, however the staff is friendly if you can find them. They have small Starbucks, with a decent seating area, although it is hard to find a seat there most times. Very good for casually browsing, however if you find yourself looking for a certain title, it would be more efficient to find help.It's a beautiful experience to be in a bookstore; especially one in the heart of beautiful downtown Philadelphia.
This B&N is a staple in the Rittenhouse community and we're happy to support it. 
Pros:
~Great hours of operation.
~Starbucks cafe upstairs.
~Fun events like LEGO building and book signings by folks like John Oates of Hall & Oates.
~Up to date with the latest book selections and pop culture fads.
~GREAT selection of LEGO Architecture sets and the only local carrier I know of.
~Beautiful view of Rittenhouse Square.
~Staff is friendly.
CONS:
~Clientele of the Starbucks cafe is often low-brow.One of my favorite B&N locations.  Why is that?
It's in one of my favorite neighborhoods in the city.
There's quite an ecclectic clientele at this B&N.
I used to dream about working at this B&N.  But after going through Bookaholic's Anonymous 12-step program, I realized such a job would be bad for my health and my paycheck.
Otherwise, it's a standard B&N.
The staff is always friendly and helpful.
Tons of books.
Good Starbucks cafe - though it's always packed.  (I guess I'm not the only one who loves this B&N.)I receive a lot of books for the holidays as I am an avid reader. Unfortunately some of them don't come with gift receipts, and unfortunately some titles aren't my favorites. I went to this location last week during lunch (took two buses to get there too...) to return a book I didn't like for a store credit. I had done my homework: I didn't expect cash because I had no gift receipt, but I saw a book I wanted on B&N online and thought they could give me a store credit to buy it. At the register three people had to look at the book I was returning. At first I didn't understand why as they seemed overly suspicious. Did they really expect me to return a book if I had read it and worn out the spine? After quite a few minutes of their "investigating" they told me the book is not resellable due to some gunk from an old sticker. I honestly did not remember gunk on it and, caught by surprise, I didn't argue and simply walked away. Once I got back to the office I inspected the book to see what they were talking about. I had another book in my purse that used to have a sticker on it, so there's an area that has gook. Apparently the other book I was trying to return rubbed against it. All I needed to do was to wipe the cover with my hand for the book to be as good as new. I realize this makes me seem ridiculous. I should have checked the book in the store and put up a fuss. I agree. In retrospect though, customer service is customer service. They're in the book business. They often put stickers on their books. It's a time of returns since the holidays just passed. Did they seriously refuse me a $10.99 store credit for some dumb gook that came off with the wipe of my hand? RIDICULOUS! I'll be back B&N, you aren't going to win this one. In the meantime know that your customer service is pitiful. Happy holidays to you!My spot for a last minute book needed for my book club. Great location, nice view of the park from the cafe, and friendly, helpful staff make this my favorite bookstore .Placed an order online for local store pick up, and it was ready upon arrival. The mere basics, but of course I would have been upset if it wasn't ready. Very smooth order overall. Walked into the store, picked up my order by name -- accurate order, greeted by the store employees , and also free gift wrap + donations for the holidays! Also they had someone directing people to the line for efficiency. Good experienceI'm guilty, yes it's true, I love bookstores and this one is so conveniently located my friends and i can often be found sitting in the cafe reading.  Well recently I was there and had one of those killer chocolate cravings, so I decided that despite the fact that i generally hate chocolate cake, I ended up getting a chocolate cupcake from the cafe here! 
OMG, my friend and i were shocked, it is literally the best chocolate cupcake i have ever eaten!! Amazing! 
the only problem is, now I know its there!!!So let me start by saying - bookstores make me happy. Barnes and Nobles, while a large chain and somewhat less inviting and cozy than a small quaint bookstore, lives up to my expectations. The staff are pretty knowledgable and the selection is massive so you're more than likely going to find whatever it is that you are looking for. I've had a couple of tough searches for obscure punk sociologists and philosophers and always found what I was looking for. The fiction section is pretty cool and I could spend hours just roaming up and down the aisles. The coffee shop is good for making those life altering decisions you're forced to make when your arms are full of books but your wallet isn't filled with equal cash. Overall this is my first stop when I'm looking for something in particular. If you're going for the atmosphere or to wander, there are some better (ie. smaller, quainter) bookshops in the neighborhood but the selection here really can't be beat!This place always seems to be crowded, their selves are not in the correct order and every time I try to simply browse a section I find myself tripping on people on the floor. 
Not easy to find what you want, but if you are looking for something mainstream, a best seller or brand new book they will probably have it. I also don't like that they charge full price but if you buy on their website there is usually a large discount, as if they are discouraging me from coming to the store. 
But Borders closed and non-used independent book stores are hard to find so I am sure I will be here again.I've been to many Barnes & Noble bookstores around the nation, and while touring Philly I decided to stop at this one. However, this store left me a bit unnerved. There is a grey-haired gangly man in a black suit who stands at the front door (I guess a security guard). He does not say hello or greet anyone and gives a very unwelcoming feeling - and he appears to talk to himself (I'm hoping he had a bluetooth on him I couldn't see). It's a bit awkward because you're not sure if he's a security guard or a manager or just some random guy in a suit standing at the door.  I've been to other stores with a security guard posted - they look like a security guard and are also friendly. As I was wandering the store, I was a bit horrified to observe this man pinpointing certain races to check bags. Later I overheard an African American woman complaining to someone on her cell phone that she was rudely asked to open her bags when walking into the store (and I bet she was asked to open her bags while leaving the store, too!  I later saw this "security guard" walk around the cafe and rudely order people around.  Customers would turn around with the expression like, "who is this guy?" He told a customer who was sitting cross-legged in a chair to put her feet down on the ground. It's one thing to be enforcing safety, but based on what I saw this guy was just trying to be abusive in my opinion. 
Other than the strange-security-guard-man, the cafe is on the larger side and has more outlets than most Barnes & Noble cafes.  They seem to have a good selection of books.  The store is very crowded though.id put 5 stars if the older male security guard didnt creep me out. im a HUGE bookworm, i have a nook and am constanly in here 3 -5 times daily. even the staff recognizes me. so then why this older man following me around when all i want to do i read and calm down? i mean this man is full on LURKING!!!!, either way the staff is awesome. really laid back and understanding. they have even been nice enough to hold books for me past the 3 day rule. including holding my umberella after i had forgotten it in the cafe. and that was 4 hours later!!! all in all this place always makes my day....minus senior creeper!!!This Barnes & Noble is gigantic, but always crowded. There is nowhere to sit in the actual store, and the cafe is equally filled most days. Although there are many books, it's not the most welcoming place to flip through a book before deciding whether to buy--it's a place to go if you have something in mind and not even really then.
And frankly I'm finding more and more that Barnes & Noble, while making it very easy to special order books into the store, simply doesn't have a particularly interesting selection. It's boring and predictable and often I find that the store doesn't have what I'm looking for.Good store, bad experience:
My wife and I are regular patrons of the cafe and occasional book buyers. Even though we admittedly buy the bulk of our books from Amazon, we try to support this store because we can afford it, and because we really appreciate having such a great brick-and-mortar bookstore in such a convenient location. Thus, we do buy books and magazines here.
Today was one of those days. I thought I'd purchase a magazine that I've seen in the Current News section in the past, and perhaps even get a print subscription via B&N if possible. (I didn't see those subscription cards today, by the way. Maybe they've been phased out).
I went to customer service on the first floor, where a couple was already waiting because it was vacant. I went back to trying to find the magazine on my own.  A clerk must have noticed the empty info desk, because she paged someone. I heard the page and returned to the desk. While the couple in front of me was being helped, the phone rang. The info desk woman finished with the couple and then chose to deal with the phone and pretend I wasn't there. Never mind that I was there well before the phone call.
Finally, the call was done and she muttered, without even looking up, "How can I help you?" I didn't say a word until she looked up, and then I asked my question. 
This review started out as a letter to the manager, but it all seems too petty to put a stamp on it. I'll just say that I don't feel like supporting the store anymore if this is how their service reps are trained. I already stopped buying membership. Now I might just stick to the coffee.It's such a cute little book store ! There are a few floors, a bathroom and cafe available. There is WiFi, but when it gets crowded the WiFi becomes really slow. My favorite snack from.there though is the Cheesecake Factory chocolate cupcake or velvet cheesecake. Must try when you're studying or reading a book there !This is a nice, BIG, B&N location complete with a Starbucks cafe on the 2nd Floor.  B&N did a great fundraising event for my kids school - donating 5 to 10% of the days sales to the school.
A good place to kill time when the weather is bad - you can sit & read and have a coffee.I was excited to check out this Barnes and noble because I had heard they had a nice children's area. Instead it was a disappointment with rude staff to boot.
I had a stroller so I had to take the elevator up. I get to the area and there is nothing for kids to play with. Other locations I've been to have had train tables and things like that. This had a small table and chairs set and a Melissa and Doug latches board.. That's it.
My son immediately saw some matchbox cars he really wanted that were at his level. It was cheap and I planned to buy it so I opened it to give him one while at the store. A few minutes later an employee came up to me to tell me that I had to buy it BEFORE playing with it. Even though it was pointless because I had already opened it, but ok. I said that and she started arguing with me and was kind of nasty.
Here's the thing: there's nowhere to buy stuff on the children's floor. I'd have to take the elevator with my kid and his stuff down to the second floor, buy it, then load him back up and take him up to the sad third floor area. Clearly this system was thought up by someone who was not a parent, right? Everything was at the kids level and I'm sure kids must open stuff left and right!
I felt like I was treated like a criminal instead of a customer. I won't be returning.Yesterday I called B&N a hundo times because it was busy. No voicemail-- just one line that when it was in use it was freakin' busy. When I finally got through they helped me put the last copy of a book I wanted on a 24hr hold, however when I got to the store today (2 days before Christmas) I was very ready to walk out. The line was huge. But they had a zillion people working behind the counter and I stood in line for like 5 minutes. It was amazeballs. AND they had my book on hold. The woman was like "Thank God." Which made me suspicious that they're not always on point. But I appreciated her candor. They also had people wrapping presents for a donation and it was great. I still love going to the bookstore.This quiet location offers a small coffee shop area, so you might need to wait for a table. But if the weather's nice, that's just mother nature giving you a kick in the pants to get outside!!Can't say too much about this place...it's a B&N. Boyfriend and I came to meet his cousins and aunt. For the few minutes we were here, we checked out the discounted books. 
Being that it's in such a great location and right across from Rittenhouse Square, there's a lot of activity. 
The security was very kind and wished us a good day as we left.This review is just for the cafe.  
The great thing about the space is that it's just a clutter of different sized tables for your various needs... tables for 2, tables for 4, shift them around and you could get 6 and maybe 8!  You have a slim shot at nabbing one in the afternoon, so you're better off getting there in the morning or post-evening hours.  It's a default study spot for me to stay for hours on-end.   
As for drinks, don't bother.  I want to say the only reliable thing you can get there is either a bottled beverage or a hot tea (which only requires you to throw a bag in hot water.  You can't mess that up for god's sake!).  I'm no big coffee connoisseur, but I at least know when things suck, and the baristas here get a big stamp of suckage from me.  Please B&N goers, save yourself that $4-5.  
Oh, side note - the bathrooms are pretty gross and don't be alarmed if you find someone washing their hair in the sink.  Cmon, it's Philly!Some call it cramped, but heck I'm from NYC--so this is pretty grand size to me, especially given the great location! 
Right across from Rittenhouse square, it's perfect for a leisurely weekend afternoon of studying or doing some quick referencing...stroll through the park, listen to some live music, watch the plein air painters outside, grab some brunch at a great number of cool restaurants, or attend a church service Sunday morning before making your afternoon cozy in the nice ambience of their cafe. 
Book selection is decent and service is nice. 
Oh and plenty of food selection, including pizza!Before Borders shut down on Walnut and Locust (Moment of silence, please.) I was heart broken, assuming there was no where else I can purchase books or at least escape the chaos of the city. Odd as it may be, I love the smell of books and being deprived and starved of holding one, lo and behold; I stumbled upon Barnes and Noble in possibly my favourite part of the city. Everyone there is quiet and respectful and yes, it is on the posh side of the city. I cannot tell you the hours I've spent there, falling in love with characters upon characters, in my own little world without disruption. 
I never stayed at the Starbucks though, I find it unnecessary when there are so many books that have never been read, yearning to be discovered. I'm always here when I have the chance.There is a cafe area to read books before buying or simply to hang out or study. With three floors of selection and restrooms, you could stay here all day.Ok I love books and I'm the kind of person that can spend half a day in a bookstore, however I went in there last weekend, and it was scorching hot in there.  I took my jacket off and was still about to break a sweat! 
Overall this place is pretty good. No creepos in there. Lots of reading material for a city location, and they even have a cafe and free wifi! Wohooo. I might end up spending a while day in there once it's not hotter than the amazon in there!Love the selection of books. And the staff are pretty friendly. So why 3 stars? They could improve their cafe. The baristas are nice, but sometimes...they look a bit scruffy. Untied aprons, disheveled hair, and worn out black shirts. Tables are often wiped down hourly but the floor is often covered with crumbs.To me, there isn't a finer B&N on the planet. Four floors of books, coffee, magazines, all that... in a space that seems rather condensed. I've never expected to find something here that I haven't. Equally, they occasionally surprise me by what they do carry.
I love that Philadelphia has a bookstore across from its best park, and what that says. I never liked B&N growing up until I started frequenting this location.
The only thing I wish they'd do to improve is extend the magazine sections a bit... Tower always had the best, and somebody needs to compete.
Yes, Philadelphia has MANY great indie bookstores, and I can't underplay that, but this place deserves credit/recognition for its easy-to-find familiarity, great service, and extensive inventory.Coming to the end of this month, I am broke as a joke and have been looking for something worthwhile to do. I thought to myself "don't you have a gift card to the bookstore?" So I plotted my book purchase for today to know what I was looking for. 
Here were the titles I was looking for (ironically enough, jotted into a little red moleskine from Barnes and Noble): 
J.G. Ballard, "The Atrocity Exhibition", x 
T. Pynchon, "Gravity's Rainbow", *
E.L. Doctorow, "City of God", * 
J.L. Borges, "Labyrinths", x 
M. Danielewski, "House of Leaves", * 
D. Delillo, "White Noise", * 
In this list, I have indicated whether they had the book (*) or did not (x). I, also, list these in order I want to read them. I know, it's like a reading list for an MA in modern literary criticism. 
I ended up buying Thomas Pynchon because I read his "Slow Learner" stories and enjoyed them immensely, and I had been meaning to read something else by him. I chose Gravity's Rainbow as my selection because it is supposed to be his best: it won a National Book Award and all. 
As far as the store goes, it's big, but it's also missing a third of the titles I went a-searching for. That tends to be the way it is, a third of the time I don't find what I am looking for. I did, however, discover my favorite literary magazine here: Opium Magazine. For that, 4 stars.Called 9:09, friendly guy transferred me to correct dept., gave name of book to friendly lady, one copy found, placed on hold under my name and waiting at cash register upon arrival. 
Arrived 9:38 and book was with friendly staff waiting to help me at the register. How awesome is that! Simple process and good customer service.Okay, usually I go to Border's on Broad and Chestnut, but Barnes and Noble is a T-mobile hotspot so I went there. Here is my complaint/suggestion: Get more than FOUR outlets in the cafe! If this is your sitting area and you know people are coming here to use your wifi.... which means they're bringing laptops, why would you only have FOUR outlets? FOUR! Ugh.... I'll stick with Starbucks  and Borders.I think this store is a big asset to Philly.  It's a pretty big store and there have been times when there has been a book that one B&N didn't have in stock but this one did.
Its vertical layout is a bit odd, if you're used to the big, expansive suburban stores.  It can take a little while to figure out where all the stuff is.  I don't necessarily think it's the most pleasant layout, but I understand it's hard for big stores to find good space in cities, and they have to work with what space they have.  The one thing I don't like about the space is that I feel like they don't utilize the window space well...like, they have a bunch of displays in the window visible from the street, but when you're inside the store, it's like the window isn't even there...the window is very much used up for all the external displays and you can't see out onto the street at all.
I also think the street in front of this store can get pretty filthy, and I think this reflects kinda poorly on B&N; this corner, occupied by B&N and Anthropologie, is among the dirtiest corners of Rittenhouse square.  I wish they'd clean it up a bit, like at least get some of the filth and gum up, and I really wish they would tear up some of the concrete in front of the building and put in some flower beds, and maybe a little more exposed soil around the trees so the trees could grow better instead of living in a sea of concrete...maybe add a bike rack because there is nearly always a shortage of places to lock your bike here.  I have no idea if these things are the responsibility of B&N or the property owner, but I feel like as a major retailer, the level of cleanliness and the aesthetic of the sidewalk in front of your store is something that affects you, so if they don't maintain it I'd like them to at least get on the case of the people who do.
So, yeah, this store wins on functionality and loses on feng shui and aesthetic appeal.  I think that I would want to come in here more often if I found both the interior and exterior of the store more inviting.  I think that cleaning up the street in front of the store, and rearranging the first floor so as to better utilize the window and natural lighting, would achieve this goal.In comparison to Borders on Broad, Barnes and Noble is far superior (though only one star more).  Typically I find this BN to be quieter and less crowded...until you reach the cafe which is always packed.  The one aspect that is missing from it's suburban sisters are areas with comfy chairs to sit for hours and read before leaving empty handed.  The staff here has always been pleasant and happy to help when in search of obscure books. I can't recall ever noticing a music or DVD section...but you shouldn't buy those here anyway.  If you have the patience, order your books online, if you are aching for a novel, hit up this BN.Avoid The Nook.  Product is not the issue;  service is.  There is none.  Phone holds of 30 minutes, disconnects, representatives in Manila that are unable to access account information and correct problems and finally a long hold and disconnect when you request a supervisor.  Books do not load properly  and stores which are the only effective source of help are few  and far between.  Lines for Nook service are not uncommon.  This review applies to the Nook and phone service, not this particular store.You know what? This B&N had a fond place in my heart until some cafe workers decided to take their bad days out on the patrons. They were chatting extremely loudly about how they hated their jobs (basically) and felt the need to come around telling us to leave unless we bought something. We had only been there for 10 minutes chatting, mind you. So my friend buys a cookie. The guy then comes back around and says "You need to buy something more or leave".... uh, wtf? 
Also, he only told off the Asian tables. What is this, racial profiling?Nothing quite says welcome to Barnes & Noble like a security guard right at the door. One question: with those magic gates that are supposed to identify smuggled books as they leave, why do you need a security guard? Are the small book lights and Twilight bookmarks not coded for that system?
I have frequented plenty of Barnes & Noble Booksellers', in many different locations, and this one is a sad version of what it is intended to be. It looks like half of what it is supposed to be and I don't think it is because I am used to NY B&N. I only went in to use the free wi-fi (thank you for having this by the way) and when I got to the cafe upstairs, I saw that is what most people were doing. On my way up, however, I noticed the crammed sections, confusing layout and what appeared to be a lack of overall titles for a Barnes & Noble.
The cafe could not be described as clean although it could aptly be described as spacious. Sometimes it is hard to put your finger on exactly what irks you about a certain chain book store, but in this case, this B&N looks to be one that was not made as a Barnes & Noble build out, but one which was smushed into an already available location. On a high note, there were half as many people laying in the aisles reading books than I am used to.Man, I love this Barnes & Noble. I'll admit right off the bat that I've never chilled out at the Starbuck's here--there are too many other nearby cafés around that I'd rather give my cash to--but nonetheless, you could spend hours here amidst an wide variety and comprehensive selection of books. It's a nice escape from the bustle of Rittenhouse Square; so peaceful. Standard prices; that's why it's a chain.
Sales are on the second floor, and so's the bathroom. The staff is friendly and willing to help.If book stores are measured by the amount of people that fill them then it baffles me why the Broad & Chestnut Borders closed down while this B&N branch is still open. But hey, it's not a comparison, it's a review of this B&N.
Books: Unfortunately their selection is large yet generic, geared more towards the "what's hot now". Granted, they do carry some gems and I still find myself spending hours on end browsing their sections but I also find that my knees really hurt after crouching for long times because unlike other book stores they don't have room to sit and sample the books. 
Cafe: It's a branch of Starbucks that operates under BN's logo, that said, who the hell doesn't brew bold coffee? Are you guys really that coffeegnorant? The food is nice and the selection and quality of their teas is amazing. 
WiFi: good luck with that one. The WiFi is free but also slow as hell, that's what happens when there are 75 individual IP's that use the same router. Do something about it! 
Staff: The staff is actually very helpful and knowledgeable; if you can find them or feel like going down to the first floor to the help desk. 
All said, it's still my favorite place to burn time and educate myself on new material.Sometimes, I get extremely impatient waiting for Amazon and I want a book ASAP, so I come to Barnes & Noble.  I look up the book on their website and they will state that the book is in this location; however, when I come here I find out it was never in this location.  This results in me waiting on Amazon for the book.  I have also ordered the book online from Barnes & Noble to do in store pick up here and Barnes & Noble canceled my orders numerous times.  If I find the book that I want in store then I am in luck, but when I don't I get annoyed that Barnes & Noble got my hopes up.This is one of the NICER locations, right in heart of Rittenhouse Square, very posh, huge inside, nice cafe , etc.has couple floors with security, Who knew? Guess you cant be too safe. Nice for college students to sit , read, study , get on their laptops, quite nice. Wish this was available when I was in high school, or college. I just had public library -so sad!! 
The personnel are helpful, huge assortment of books. Depending on genre you like, they have end displays with helpful suggestions or Book of month-great tips!! When I am in area, I like to stop at this one. Lots lots to see & read!!I generally enjoy coming to this store and find the staff to be very courteous and helpful. 
However, the bathrooms are about as bad as I've seen in center city. It seems like cleaning is not as routine as it should be, judging by the smell and the condition of the toilets. The installations--doors and stalls--are almost all loose due to missing screws or apparent kicking, or otherwise ill-maintained. The paper towel dispensers also seem to be routinely out of towels. From what I understand the situation is similarly grim in the ladies' room. 
My other complaint is that the store is totally lacking in comfortable seating outside of the cafe area. I understand that this is supposed to discourage vagrants from freeloading about the place, but a cursory walk around the second or third floor quickly reveals scores of customers and ne'er-do-wells alike sprawled out on the floor. Some are reading. Some are talking loudly. Some are making out. None are comfortable. In an age when brick and mortar booksellers are trying to find a competitive advantage against the lower prices and ultimate convenience of online retailers (and their e-readers) it seems to me that Barnes and Noble should have a come to Jesus moment with itself over the kind of atmosphere it's offering to its customers.  
Other than that, everything is great.I can read a book before I buy, and also love the free wifi. It is also really nice to have a quiet place to sip a cup of coffee while reading your new book, so the cafe is helpful. I like that I can overlook the Rittenhouse Square park while reading. There are not so many bookstores that are still open, and I like this one a lot . (Although, since I got my ereader , I have been reading outside more & inside bookstores less) .Whoaahh.  This was the craziest B&N I've ever endured. When I first walked in, it seemed really small and a little weird to navigate. Then I noticed an escalator! Woohoo!  I looked around some more. Of course there's a Starbucks in there. The second floor was also kind of small, but alas....another escalator. I found what I was looking for on the third floor. 
It was pretty cool. I do prefer the setups of the other locations I've been too. Seems a little cramped and I did have more difficulty making my way around.I've been to this B and N a few times, the pro's are that it's very clean, well lit and they'll order books for you if they don't have it in stock.  I like their Starbuck's cafe upstairs, the staff are nice but they could clean the tables more often.  I use a reader's rewards card which saves on pretty much everything.  They have a nice selection of greeting cards too.  I will be back, I enjoy visiting this store.I love this B&N! So conveniently located, and the perfect place to spend a few hours reading and drinking coffee. The employees are super helpful and the teacher discount is wonderful.One of my favorite things to do to relax is go to a Barnes and Noble and read. I love that this is encouraged here and that the cafe is pretty great unless it is crowded. I usually come early on Sundays and spend an afternoon. They have such a good location!Emily at the register, this is for you. Thank you for dropping my purchase as you rang me up, bending the cover. Thank you for being too lazy to want to call the 2nd floor for a replacement. Thank you for the dirty look you and your fellow employee shared right in front of my face for making you two actually do a little more work than you're accustomed to in the middle of the day. Thanks for nothing. Does having prime location mean you can skimp on the customer service, B&N? Because you sure don't make up for it with selection, cleanliness or order, either. My mistake for not doing my shopping online.I've spent so much time in this bookstore, I know it by heart. I like to hang out there and browse the medicine and art sections. The restrooms are a little dirty and the cafe is generally overcrowded, but it's a good place.I have to give B&N a BIG positive shout-out for supporting my child's school.  once or twice per school year we have a B&N day.  Teachers can make a wishlist of books they need and parents can purchase them.
Also any purchases we make that day - using a code - a portion goes to help the school.
It's a great program so I am really thankful to B&N for this.
Even our purchases at the Starbucks Cafe (most of them anyway) count!  Excellent.This is the only Barnes & Noble in the Philadelphia region (the one up in Jenkintown got closed), therefore it gets the bulk of people trying to buy books. This store has everything from indie writers to the mainstream ones, and you can pretty much find all of your textbooks in this store. They even have a little built in Starbucks so you can take your book in for free and have a coffee and a bite while reading. A really nice touch if you ask me. You can actually 'try it before you buy it'. Anyway, on the first floor there is a stand where they keep all the Nooks and Kindle Fires, so if you're techy and want to try them out or are considering buying one you have them right there. Free WiFi throughout the building with the Nook Stand downstairs and the Starbucks right above it (although it can be a little slow with the 100+ people in it). The Starbucks can get a little packed and they do not have any outlets to discourage squatters like me who will sit on their internet all day and not move. I feel safe here, but I wouldn't leave anything out on a table that can be snatched easily. Moderate noise, so not the place you'd want to get some studying done, but busy work is fine.
They also have a whole floor dedicated to Children/teens on the top!it's a book store. what do you want? stay out of the men's room.Put the doors back on the bathroom please. I love Barnes and Nobles but really, I don't want to hear the man with diarrhea while I'm in the bathroom because you all took the doors off.I was walking around Rittenhouse and I was carrying a painting, rushing a few blocks to work. I was starting to have a difficult time managing my load, so I looked around to potential businesses that I frequent that may have a bag they'd give me - nothing fancy, just a plastic bag, something cheap and simple. 
          I walked up to the counter, and when prompted to come to the register, I smiled and sheepishly asked, "Hi - I was just hoping you'd be able to give me a bag or something just so I can tote this thing a little better? I'm having quite a time...." 
           I was honest, apologetic, and submissive. And HER answer was, "I'm sorry, not without a purchase." 
            Now, I know what I was asking was not proper etiquette, but it wasn't as if I looked dissheveled (i think) or was being rude, expectant, or difficult. I said to her in response "NO? You really CAN'T?" and she repeated, "No, not without a purchase." And I snorted from behind a disbelieveing smirk and continued my trek to work. I made it there in one piece, and so did my painting, but my relationship with Barnes and Noble is now shattered, marred by the poor customer service of a persnickety Nurse Ratchet that was beind the counter that day. Good job, dudes.Seems to have all the books I could possibly need.
They sell starbucks brand coffee and cheesecake factory desserts in their cafe.
YumThis place is massive. Three stories of books and nice open seating area. My biggest complaint is that they do not have many outlets, which it makes it difficult to stay there for an extended period of time.Store is what you'd expect from a B&N. Multiple floors, good selection and a Starbucks. However, the internet is painfully slow. As a place people go to for completing work, it's terrible and it was only half full both times I went. No excuse for a B&N and Starbucks.Thier books written in Spanish selection has increased, but they need to add a better variety of topics.  Also, I didn't see (or couldn't find) any books written in Italian language.The place to go when searching for something to do on a rainy Sunday. Grab that book you've been meaning to read and settle in with your favorite beverage and pastry. For me it's a green tea and biscotti. No one minds how long you stay, and if you glance around at what others are reading you can find some titles that you might not have considered. You can also glance around and find some body you might like to consider.After Robins on 13th St closed I started going to Borders. Perhaps I was spoiled by the "feel" of the stores but I was genuinely happy when I walked through the doors of both. One Borders closed I started going to Barnes and Noble. Sorry but the store doesn't make me happy. I don't like the layout.  I can never find anyone to help.   The lines are long and the store doesn't feel inviting.  Twice I requested books be held at the check out counter and when I went to pick them up, they had been sold!   With the exception of the U of P bookstore this is the only bookstore in the area.  Sadly I have no choice but to shop here.Just came back from a trip to Charleston and had learned that I do not really know as much as I liked about the Civil War. So I decided to get a good old book about it. Something for a nice general overview and not eight volumes with forty pages on Picket's Charge AND something with which I could fall asleep on the couch TONIGHT. And hey, I found just the right thing, but unfortunately the book was damaged and the cover torn. So I asked, whether they had a new one in store. B&N: "No." Well, I certainly wouldn't mind taking this one, if they gave me a discount. Now call me cheap, but, firstly, I really like books and I love to keep them in one piece and secondly I just believe that when I am entitled to get an undamaged one for the full price, why settle for a lemon for the same money??? B&N: "We can only offer you a discount if it is impossible to order it (checking...) and I can get it by Saturday or at least by Monday." (It is Tuesday night) Me: "Ehh, as I said I wanted to read it tonight..." B&N: "Then you have to pay the full price." So much about customer service. Thank you. Order the book? Will do, but from a company that features a certain South American river in their name. Sorry, but I have my principles and now I am grouchy.
UPDATE Wednesday: Bought the book at Borders without any trouble. Take this, Barney!Come here usually during my break to enjoy a cup of coffee and some great books. The girls who work at the Starbucks are always sweet and are polite without being overly fake. They have started to remember my order, a bit embarrassing, but hey when you love Skinny Vanilla Lattes as much as me I guess it's a given.It's a very solid bookstore. The location right on Rittenhouse Square is great, and the cafe has a fantastic view of the park. The selection is good, and it's a nice atmosphere, but it's quite expensive. Because of the bustle, it's not a place where you can settle in and read for a while in a corner, but it's a nice place to come get some work done or check out the latest selection.I've come to this Barnes & Noble to get away from my apartment and do some reading. The Cafe area (floor 2) is nice, but it can get really crowded really quickly! So be warned, but there will always be at least one small table open. It's a cozy atmosphere for reading/relaxing/maybe semi-serious studying. (Personally, I would get too distracted to actually study for serious). 
But overall, great place to grab a cup of coffee and read something!It's hard not to love Barnes and Noble, especially when it overlooks one of the most beautiful parks in Philadelphia.  Despite its Rittenhouse Square location, and the three floors of books, magazines and Starbucks-loving patrons, I always feel a bit cramped in this particular B&N, so I generally just go in, get what I came for and get out quickly. 
The cafe is bigger than your average B&N cafe and is always packed, probably due to the amazing window views as opposed to the coffee.  B&N has a great selection of books and I especially love their educator discount, which I take advantage of very often.  The staff is always super friendly and helpful and they always inform me of programs going on for students, which is pretty awesome.
While I prefer smaller, independent bookstores, sometimes I crave the atmosphere of a chain store like B&N, where you are basically guaranteed to find what you're looking for. 
Just steer clear of the bathrooms here - not the cleanest.I've been to Barnes and Noble before around South Jersey but this was my first time at this location. I had came in here on 7/23/16 since it was raining hard. Inside is ok, it's just as big as the one that I usually go to in Deptford, NJ. This store is close to Rittenhouse Square.Great bookstore but seating sucks!!! The cafe is always packed even though there is a 30 min limit. And upstairs is worse. Packed in uncomfortable seats with strangers is not how I want to spread my reading time. And if there is an event they will tell you to move elsewhere, which leaves you back into the crowded cafe or buy the book and go home! Don't bother trying to sit on the floor cause a rude security guard will tell you to move. I understand that their ultimate goal is to make the sale and for you to leave but if that's the case then maybe they shouldn't offer a cafe or seating at all.  They bettermake up their minds to add more seating or none at all cause they are gonna lose a lot of customers!