Such a gem of a bakery! Amazing and mouth watering in house baked goods that you can't find at other spots in the city. The coffee is fantastic! You have the choice of sweet and savory snacks here which will keep you happy. The staff is very helpful and kind! And if you like velvet furniture, you're going to love it here.I am SO excited that Batter & Crumbs is finally open. I try to limit my dairy intake, so now having vegan treats in the area is the best! I had a chocolate cupcake with mint frosting and an oreo piece and it was soooo delicious. The staff were all super friendly too. I will be sure to come back again and again!This is a must visit place. It has a cool, comfortable decor where you would feel comfortable relaxing for a while with a coffee and pastry. The coffee is excellent-I personally recommend the iced vanilla latte. All their baked goods are amazing-each one is better than the one before. It's hard to decide which one to get. If you need a cake last minute they even have whole cakes for sale. Try the triple chocolate cake, it's just amazing. They also have premade sandwiches and wraps for breakfast and lunch. The owners and the staff are all really friendly and helpful. And did I mention vegan soft serve?? They have rotating flavors so stop in and see what kind they'be got currently. 
If I lived closer I would be here every day.I'm so happy this place has joined the Philly vegan scene!
When you walk in you're greeted by cheery decor and a large refrigerator that holds the most beautiful pastries, cakes, cupcakes, sandwiches, and drinks. The refrigerator is the exact one Starbucks uses, except it has amazing vegan treats inside and you're supporting a local business :) 
Their drinks are awesome. I've tried their iced chai tea latte (oat milk is default! Woohoo!) and their amazing Indraloka mocha. It's a salted caramel mocha with whipped cream and smoked sea salt! It's so good and $1 of it goes to Indraloka Animal Sanctuary. 
Their pastries are awesome too. So far I've had their cherry cheese danish and mixed berry galette. Both were perfectly baked, moist, and flavorful. 
And did I mention they have soft serve?! Their soft serve flavors change weekly. So far I've seen them do cake batter, vanilla, cookies & Cream, and orange creamsicle. Their orange creamsicle was amazing, I can't wait to have it again!I'm new to Philly so it's refreshing to see a vegan bakery and cafe (even though Im not vegan but appreciate good vegan food regardless).
I tried out their spinach jawn and their smorez pastry. I am a huge fan! I am so happy one of my coworkers actually suggested this place to me. 
I also appreciate that they serve oatly's oatmilk as I am a huge fan of oatmilk. I don't drink regular milk since it doesn't sit well with me. I love the interior of this place as they have lovely velvet seats and a nicely lit atmosphere. The baristas and employees all have been wonderful with their chirpy attitude which is refreshing to see and I vibe with that. 
I definitely will come back again as my regular spot since I live only a few stops away from this place. You guys rock! Keep up with your bubbly vibes and awesome vegan pastries.After much anticipation, Batter & Crumbs has finally opened as does not disappoint! The treats are delicious, and you don't need to be vegan to enjoy them. The shop is pretty and spacious with Wifi and plenty of room to sit in relax.  The staff is super friendly, and they have cold brew coffee.Absolutely delicious options! Comfy creative decor! Nice staff. Delicious coffee!****so delicious****
There's been a hole in my heart (and in my stomach) ever since Breezy's Cafe closed a few years ago and I lost access to delicious vegan brownies. For the record, I'm not vegan, but there's something about vegan desserts that are exceptionally fantastic. Dottie's Donuts is a great example of food better done vegan.  
I'm so excited that my little Point Breeze neighborhood is turning into a food Mecca one sweet place like Batter & Crumbs at a time
Physically the place is adorable. The inside is bright, clean, colorful and welcoming and a spot that makes you want to sit down and hang out. Outside signs are cute and really a nice improvement in the neighborhood. 
The staff was super friendly and helpful in explaining everything and thanking me for coming in. Everything is made on the premises except for the bagels. 
I was just getting a few things to-go to try it out but I look forward to coming back and staying a while. My husband and I did a taste test of the pumpkin bread,the cinnamon roll muffin, a snickerdoodle cookie, the super brownie with sprinkles and the coffee cake  
(Yes I know that's a lot of desserts don't judge). We ate them over the course of two days. Ok I may have eaten most of them. And mostly in the first day. Never mind. 
Not only was each of those items visually appealing, but also completely delicious.  I am going to admit that at midnight I went back downstairs to have another bite of the brownie because I couldn't fall asleep thinking about how good it is. Trust me-get one and you'll understand. 
It would be hard to pick a favorite. They were each 5 star. 
Cant wait to go back to try more. 
So glad Batter & Crumbs is here!Batter & Crumbs is a wonderful new addition to the Philly vegan scene! I had a tofu scramble sammy, blueberry crumb cake and the Indraloka mocha latte. ALL were delicious! The staff was so great and friendly and the ambience of the cafe is super! I highly recommend a stop by this gem!!So delicious! BEST vegan bakery!! Amazing cinnamon bun muffin!  Staff are very sweet (thank you Karen for all your wonderful service).Stopped here yesterday for some treats and coffee.  Brought my own container to put the treats in to avoid using a single use bag/box.  The register person was kind enough to put my soft serve into a real coffee cup so no plastic was used.  And he brought me a metal spoon!  The coffees came in paper cups instead of for here cups.  I hope they start asking customers if they want a real for here cup or to go so we can all do our part to eliminate waste in landfills.  Plus, food and drink tastes better on/in real plates and cups eaten with metal utensils.  It feels like a nicer experience.  Treats were tasty and the coffee was delicious.  Interior was comfortable and clean.Philly has just become THAT more magical of a home for vegans with the opening of this bakery. Holy shmoly this place amazing. Got an iced latte, fig and cheese pastry and cannoli (bc treat yoself) and everything was stellar. Can't wait to go back and see what new goodies you guys will be makingAt first my experience was a bit off. The barista seemed very bothered by my presence and any question I asked seemed to annoy her. Maybe she was having a bad day. Lol. But the mocha I got made up for it. I usually hate vegan coffee, based on the texture of it, but this mocha was amazing. I'd come back. Prices weren't bad either for everything being vegan.This amazing little corner cafe is a block off of broad.   Great location.   Their baked goods and coffee are delicious.   Even if you're not vegan (which I'm not) you can definitely find something you'll enjoy at this amazing new place.I visited Philly for work and this was my last stop for coffee before heading to the airport. When the Lyft dropped me off on the corner, I was a bit scared by the surroundings, HOWEVER, the coffee and customer service blew me away.
This cafe is TOO cute. Just look at the name, so unique and artistic. My experiences usually tell me that cafes that put effort into coming up with a cool name grinds tasty coffee beans lol
The lattes were smooth and pastries were fresh. Highly recommended for fellow coffee lovers!From the minute we walked in this place the owner was very welcoming and informative. My family and I just flew in from Atlanta and wanted some good vegan eats. We got baked ziti, Mac n chz, potato salad, C Food salad, and an egg nog cupcake (my daughter gave it a billion thumbs up). We left satisfied with full bellies. I hope we can make it back in before we fly out. Definitely a good welcome to the City of Brotherly Love.Ok, so I go here way more than I probably should, but I can't help it. I love coming here. The coffee is always so good, and I love that they put out Silk vanilla creamer. Paul and the other people who work there put a lot of effort into keeping things exciting with their products, plus the vibe in the place is so friendly!
If you do go, I would recommend the bagel with the red pepper cream cheese and the brownie, but the cinnamon bun is always yummy as well. I love the specials they do! On Wednesdays, for example, they have coffee for $1  :)
Thanks, Paul, for always making the visit worth it!Fantastic and super-friendly service and amazing vegan treats. I came in for a vegan milkshake and they weren't making them (winter I guess), so they recommended and iced golden milk "egg nog" instead. It was delicious. My husband also ordered an Erbazzone (Italian version of Spanakopita) that was delicious and very authentic, and we took home a slice of the cannoli cake. Everything was INCREDIBLE. Two very happy vegan customers who will definitely return whenever we're in town.Stopped in for coffee and a dessert after lunch.  I had the cannoli and cannot believe it is vegan.  The cream is perfect.  Forget vegan treats bakery and come here for their cannoli or other pastry ,  which I get the feeling are just as awesome.We make the trip from Jersey to this cute bakery.  They have vegan soft serve (yay!!) and a selection of to go sandwiches also.  We've loved every single thing we've tried here.  The cupcakes are seriously good.  I wish they'd sell me a cup of their frosting!! Delicious!!! We've had brownies. Decadent.  At Halloween their skull cake was so  damn good  I wanted to go back for more.  Oh and their coffee. Awesome.  The only complaint I have is that I haven't been able to sit in the purple chair yet!I like this place! The vibe inside is awesome. It's also very comfortable.
The staff is SUPER nice. Very chatty and friendly. They're also full of suggestions.
I had a cinnamon roll or muffin or something. Anyway, it was good. It was a little bready. But it was enjoyable nonetheless. And the barista warmed it up for me.Holy effing heck. First of all. The rose latte. ACTUALLY tasted like rose and not like gross syrup. Whether or not it's syrup for the flavoring I really don't care because it tasted amazing. I've been eyeing up those thicc pop tart bois for a while now and finally ordered one. It was huge, it was thicc, it was beautiful. AND it tasted like heaven. The owner is adorable. He was outside when I pulled up and delivered my order to me. Didn't even have to get out of my car which was awesome because I was coming from an x-Ray appointment (my ankle is fractured). He was super friendly and made my whole day. 2 things I love most- vegan food and friendly people. I got both today! Thank you!!!
Edit: tbh idk if he was the owner but whoever he was he was so niceThe cupcakes are super moist and delicious. The staff are extremely welcoming and helpful as well.In a section of the city with so few places to eat, let alone cafes, I'm so psyched to have Batter & Crumbs in our neighborhood. I'm not vegan, just lactose intolerant, but it's awesome to not be concerned about the dairy content of anything in the shop. Our order consisted of an Iced Pumpkin Spice Latte, an Iced Lavender Vanilla Latte, and a S'mores Bar. I remember having vegan desserts in the past that were dry and crumbly, that is not the case here, I'd never have imagined that the S'mores Bar was vegan. The chocolate and marshmallows were delicious, and the cake itself was moist and had perfect texture. The coffees were also excellent. You can taste that alternative milk was used, but the drinks were made really nicely and mixed perfectly. Our favorite was the Lavender Vanilla, which was recommended by the barista, the flavors worked so perfectly together and they were really refreshing in an iced drink. The Pumpkin Spice was good, but we felt that it would have been better as a hot drink. 
Overall, I'm looking forward to making Batter & Crumbs a place I visit regularly. There are so many great looking pastries in their case, I'm going to have to slowly try them all. They also had a selection of sandwiches and other savory foods that they'd heat up for you, which I'll also have to try in the future. The staff was super friendly and helpful, and showed real love for the food and drinks they were serving. The cafe itself has a really nice, modern atmosphere that was relaxing on a Saturday afternoon. Simply put, I loved our little coffee break at Batter & Crumbs and I'm already looking forward to going back.Great baked goods and great service! Can be a bit pricey but definitely worth it. Also happened to see some full sized cakes while there that looked really goodI haven't had any of their desserts. What I have tried is the dirty chai latte and it is delicious! The place is very clean and I love the conceptI live two buildings down and I was there on Friday. We had the brownies, the Nutella iced coffee, the chai latte as well as the pistachio latte. My friend had one of their sandwich they even asked if she wanted warmer. The costumer service is excellent. Everything was fresh and delicious! Do yourself a favor and stop by! So glad this bakery is so close to my building.  10/10Great coffee shop! When you walk in it's almost impossible not to say "this place is so nice!" Out loud. There's great seating and cozy places to post up. I've only stopped by to order to go but would definitely spend hours here. I ordered an iced pumpkin spice latte, cinnamon bun and s'mores bar and everything was delicious! I'm lactose intolerant so all of those things are usually hard to find- especially a cinnamon bun. I can't believe everything is vegan!! So glad this place is here and hope it attracts even more businesses like this around it.WHAT A GEM! This place deserves every ounce of hype that it gets. The owner and employees were SO sweet and helpful. I only chose one item and walked away regretting not ordering the entire menu. After drooling over their pictures on Instagram for months, I can honestly say that I wasn't at all disappointed. 
The pastry that I got was super fresh and tasted amazing. I'll be coming back here again and again.Such a wonderful addition to Philadelphia. Paul and John couldn't be nicer and informative about all vegan products. Home-made and delicious! What are you waiting for, get down to B & C TODAYThis is hands down the best coffee I've had in the city. The baked goods are SO good they've made believers out of my carnivore friends who now request their cakes! 
Super friendly staff and always accommodating.They are so good. Their iced chia latte ... to die for Im so addicted to it. Their banana bread chefs kiss. This place is really good. The vegan cannoli = weaknessI took my daughters here for the first time. We were not impressed. We were hoping for a large selection of cakes and cupcakes. We ask if the had a list of what they had and we were told go look online..? What the heck we are in your store  they did have a long list of drinks . My one daughter who is allergic to dairy and egg has had there chocolate cake at a vegan restaurant and loved it. But they only had a whole cake there. We did buy 3 cupcakes the were not that good... again I'm not impressed, there are a lot of vegan choices out there now . I wish them luck ...Amazing food my mom and I loved it we ordered like 4 different items and although I can't have gluten there were more than enough options for me! That were actually good! Definitely will be back!Great strawberry rose latte and they have a really nice selection of to-go sandwiches and burritos. Staff is really friendly too :)This is my go-to happy, vegan coffee shop!  The owners and staff are as sweet as can be, cheerful and colorful ambiance, scrumptious sweet desserts, creative and yummy drinks, wonderful selection of grab and go sandwiches and sides, and the all important support for animal sanctuaries and strong vegan ethic!!!! Batter and Crumbs is the BEST!!! I just ate a piece of their banana bread and it was delicious!!!This spot is awesome! It is so delicious! I got the bacon & cheddar pastry and it takes better than meat bacon & dairy cheddar. No clue how they pull this off! It's just delicious! I drive from Wilmington, DE (45 minutes) to get food from here. Highly recommend!Lovely place the aesthetic gives cozy and comfortable vibes! Love their watermelon cucumber mint refresher so unique and so good. Can't wait to be able to come back here and sit inside; very inviting aura. Also a good selection of pastriesLoved the unicorn vanilla cake I got from Batter and Crumbs! Delicious and beautiful!! I'm not vegan myself, and would never have guessed it was vegan. Loved it, and will definitely be coming here again!Chocolate cake is amazing..along with many other vegan treats.  The atmosphere is so inviting with many comfy seats..try the purple one..by far my favorite. Thank you for creating a one of a kind place to lounge.Great sandwiches and vegan pastries. Really nice team and an overall great spot. The inside has tons of seating for a coffee and quick bite.I just love this place! Staff members are so friendly. The pastry options are endless and all delicious. Environment is super cute and clean!Love all of the pastries here. Everything is vegan and is delicious. This is my go to spot for birthday cakes/cupcakes. They also feature outside companies in the store. I recently had a lemon cake (not sure what company) but it was good! Great customer service as well!I've been vegan for four years now and I've never felt the need to write a review about anything, let alone bad-mouthing a vegan restaurant. I'm usually in support of all vegan restaurants no matter if they get an order wrong or something similar because I want to help the cause. But this place is everything that's wrong with veganism. I don't understand why the "McReeky" sandwich is 8 dollars. It's as small as the McMuffin that they are trying to replicate yet it's almost triple the price. How do you expect anyone who isn't rich to afford this. I finished it in four bites. Who are you making the food for? You live in a gentrified community already, and while you kick POC out of their neighborhood why don't you at least make it affordable for them to get a sandwich on their way out. This is the complete opposite of what veganism should be, which is about giving ethical and mindful food to a community so that everyone can enjoy it.Not mad at the chick'n & waffles!! also the maple oat latte was delish. Happy to have a vegan place so close by!I absolutely love Batter & Crumbs! The staff are so friendly, the space is welcoming and colorful, and the treats are creative and fun. We have been twice so far, and bought decadent cake-batter soft-serve and delicious chocolate cake the first time, and the beautiful flower cupcake and a scone the second. Can't wait to try their savory spinach jawns and other treats too. It's very comfortable to relax there with a chill vibe. So happy they are in the neighborhood and we can add them to our rotation of vegan bakeries/businesses!This place is Really good, well rounded, and super friendly! 
Live around the corner, and have been eating there before I was vegan, loved it then, and love it now. 
Most recently got the breakfast sandwich. Wow. So good. Just like their cakes, and everything else they offer. So lucky to have this dime piece.Let's just say I made sure to eat every last crumb! I'm a huge fan of vegan bakeries as it's so difficult to find decent desserts that won't hurt my stomach. I had the maple oat latte and it was delicious without being too sweet! I also had the Mac and cheese, which was totally vegan. It was a good portion size and tbh pretty tasty. I would definitely come back.Had the chance to visit Batter & Crumbs on Reed & 14th. OMG!!! My daughter & I started with the hot Maple Oat Latte & Salted Caramel Iced Latte. Wanted to sample a variety so we had the McReeky's breakfast sandwich, monte cristo sandwich, the G.O.A.T., the chick'n & waffle sandwich, Buffalo chick'n mac & cheese, a brookie (brownie & cookie), strawberry donut (strawberry flavor was throughout the cake-like donut) and a cinnamon bun. 5 out of 5 stars and there was nothing we didn't like. If you're looking for a great vegan place we highly recommend it. I forgot to mention, my daughter isn't vegan.Found a hair in the canoli so 1-star for this even though the canoli was pretty tasty. Came 5 min before close and tried to sit down for a few minutes and woman @ the counter was like no, we're leaving soon. I get that you're closing but it's rude.Super friendly service, adorable and whimsical decor, fantastic treats and drinks. Open for dine in with great air conditioning!I wanted to love this place, but everything we had failed to impress.
The chocolate chip cookie ($2.25) was dry and didn't taste good.
The mini cannoli ($3) was too buttery/cream cheesy for me with an excessively crispy shell. 
Lastly, the bacon cheddar turnover ($4) had a nicely flaky pastry shell, but the bacon tasted fake/artificial and the cheese was an oily mess. This would have been so much better with Upton's seitan bacon and a cashew cheese instead.
Go to Grindcore House instead for better vegan baked goods.Very tasty desserts and "grab and go" sandwiches. I tried the tofu scramble sub and it was delicious. I'm not a huge fan of curry scramble so I appreciated that this was not curried. Lots of veggies and a simple flavor for the tofu. The pumpkin pie was delicious and the cookies are consistently good. Great customer service as well.last year i got my quarantine birthday cake from here! and they delivered it to my house themselves!! staff is amazingly friendly and goes above and beyond for their customers i got the cookie dough birthday cake and it was SO incredible!!!!I love running into a good vegan bakery. I'm dairy free so it's hard to find a true dairy free baked goods without it being vegan. My friends and I got the cannoli, cinnamon bun and monster brownie?(I think that's what it was called-it had a bunch of m&ms) cannoli was good for vegan. It has a yogurt-y base to the filling so it wasn't thick and creamy like the regulars. The pastry part tasted exactly like the regulars tho! So good! M&m brownie was SUPER FUDGY. And we appreciated the employee who offered to heat up our cinnamon bun and we're so thankful he did! Very cinnamon-y as you dig more into it which we LOVE and the bun was also huge! Def can be shared with another person. Overalll, such a friendly, cute atmosphere and great vegan baked goods!We are CRAZY about this place! My daughter wanted to take us, I looked at their site which is so pretty and thought, we're never going to get in there! Well, we managed to walk in on a Saturday at a quiet time and it was very special. We were able to sit right down, The owner was right there , The offerings are an eyeful, you can go crazy there! we loved our lattes such as the Golden milk, with a shot if espresso! I got the cherry cheese danish and saw a tomato galette which I wish I ordered to bring  home! Delightful!
I really can't wait to go back there, it's been too long, it's very special!Holy cow I wanted to order everything here! Cute little coffee shop vibe with a nice variety. I had the cinnamon roll, warmed up, which was amazing. It can get pretty busy but it's worth it for a sweet treat.The atmosphere inside is very colorful and cool. It's modern but still cozy with plenty of personality. I came in a little while after lunch time so it was pretty quiet but the staff was friendly.  I had the Maple Oat Latte, which was perfect on a cold winter day. It was warm and smooth and the flavor was subtle but fascinating. I'll have try a pastry next time!Very friendly staff. I got cannoli cake and it's awesome. Taste like tiramisu.
I also recommend this cannoli, taste like regular version. You won't know it's vegan2nd year in a row getting my boyfriend a vegan birthday cake! This time around I added the cupcakes and the cannoli's to the order. 10s across the board and amazing customer service.Today's tea/coffee, and pastry devours come all the way from @batterandcrumbs . This small neighborhood establishment has been around for at least three years. Their customer service is very exceptional and their menu is very easy to read. All of their items on their menu is very affordable and delicious. While here I ordered a simple hot tea with lemon and sugar and it was absolutely phenomenal. I can see myself revisiting this small establishment every day before I start my journey of my day. If you ever what some really good store made cupcakes as well as some very fresh brewed coffee? Please check out @batterandcrumbs and tell them Shimmy sent you! #coffee #coffeeshop #morning #goodmorning #philly #philadelphia #city #goodvibes #happy #focused #determined #good #tea #hottea #hot #sweet #cupcakes #food #foodporn #foodie #foodphotography #foodstagram #datespotThe food here is so delicious and so are the sweet treats. I highly recommend the chicken and waffle sandwich. You could skip the cannoli (I've only ever had good vegan cannoli from Vegan Treats in Bethlehem), but everything else I've eaten from Batter & Crumbs is delicious. I wish I lived closer!I absolutely LOVED everything I got from here, and the staff was so helpful and nice. They answered any questions I had and gave me some great recommendations. I ended up getting the Indraloka Mocha (which donates some of its proceeds to the animal sanctuary!) and it was AMAZING. Best salted caramel mocha I've had. They outsource a lot of their food from local vegan restaurants which is also really cool. I love savory snacks so I got the spinach jawn and the bacon and cheese pastry. I'm not vegan, and I much preferred the bacon in this to "real" bacon bits, and the cheese was super tasty too! The spinach jawn was kind of salty, but I love my food a little salty so this was a big winner to me! The space was also really cool and beautiful, with a lot of jewel tones and velvet furniture. I don't have anything even remotely negative to say! Highly recommend!Fun, friendly spot with yummy coffee, eats and desserts. Be sure to check out the whimsical portraits in the restroom!!This place ABSOLUTELY lives up to its stunning Insta page and people's reviews!  I have been drooling over their baked goods pics for months and finally got here!
The staff were super warm and helpful (like FULLY invested in your pleasure!), as I was overwhelmed as to what goodie to choose for my virgin visit.  After several recommendations, I settled on their cinnamon bun and,  once warmed,  was gooey heaven in my mouth (so big that I brought half home).   It was a mild day,  so paired it with their cold brew which was smooth and rich and they had multiple plant-based milks to choose from (Oat is my choice these days which they had).   The space is small and cozy and filled with light.  I was able to get a sweet corner nook and enjoyed my little slice of heaven.  
I will DEFINITELY be back!Great customer service! I had the hibiscus tea it was so refreshing ! Beautiful spot with a loving vibe!!(03/07/21) While visiting my brother in South Philly, he suggested a walk to Batter & Crumbs to pick up coffee and pastries. Very surprising to hear recommendations for a completely vegan bakery/cafe from my brother because he is also the same person who got Mike's BBQ and Stargazy meat pies for food that weekend. But he was not wrong, I thoroughly enjoyed my experience. 
His girlfriend graciously ordered online for us and it was ready and waiting inside once we got there. I got the Mocha Iced Coffee with Oat Milk and it was quite good and reasonably priced! I also had their Cosmic Brownie and it was yummy - not actually like the treat of my youth but it was still good. I look forward to visiting again the next time I am in the area. Glad something like this exists in their neighborhood.We ordered the Spinach Jawn and the Chocolate Crumble donut (from Okie Dokie Donuts), as well as a coffee and an iced Nutella latte. The Spinach Jawn was awesome, and the donut was really good too.  The Nutella latte was very tasty, and the coffee was pretty good.  Definitely recommend for vegans and non vegans alike.I was only in town for about 16 hours, but I was told this was the place to go. 100%! I got a pop tart that I didn't finish and forgot about.. it was still amazing the next day. I also got a latte that was really good. Really cute inside and awesome employees!This is a vegan's magical paradise! I went all out and shamefully ordered all things pumpkin spice flavored. My latte and scone were delicious! The staff was super friendly too. Can't wait to go back and try out other things as well.Wow! I literally had the best vegan breakfast sandwich here that I've ever had. On pancakes! We also had some sweets and the spinach jawn and they were all delicious! The coffee was great too (although I didn't save much room for it.) The staff was super friendly. Next time I'm in Philly definitely coming back. Hell, I might even come back just for that sandwich! Highly recommend!Nommingnomad approved!
I stopped in on a Saturday to grab a bite to eat at around 11:30 am and to get some work done. The space is small but cute with a lot of seating and plenty of outlets. This is going on my list of places for studying or cranking out some assignments. I walked in and luckily there were a lot of seats empty so I nabbed a table and went up to the counter which was filled with pastries and other vegan treats with a lower shelf with savory stuff like sandwiches from the Vegan Commissary.
The girl at the counter (I should've asked for her name) was so nice and super helpful. I went with an Iced Chai which was giant and a South Philly Scramble sandwich which hey warmed up for me. It was a perfect choice because the sandwich had a tofu scramble with peppers and onions but had a thai curry flavor to it which was a flavorful surprise and the bread was so fresh. The iced chai was made with Oatly and I loved it. The girl warned me that their chai is pretty sweet and when I said I wanted it only slightly sweet she brewed it separately for me and it was perfect. 
I scarfed down my sandwich and by the time I was done, the place was full. I ended up sipping my chai and working there for a couple of hours and it was great. Good food, nice people and a cute space. I know I'm going to frequent this spot for sure.Vegan baked goods and breakfast? YES PLEASE! Evvvvverything from Batter & Crumbs has been AMAZING!!! My sister surprised me with a huge box of desserts for my birthday and I couldn't have been happier. Vegan or not, I'd highly recommend this place.
Spinach Jawn: Omgggg  my sister got me this as a bday breakfast surprise and WOW it was amazing. The pastry is super flaky and the spinach was well seasoned. I like mine heated up slightly. I would happily pay the $5 bridge toll to go from NJ into Philly just for this pastry alone.
Vanilla N' Vanilla Cupcake: A classic vanilla cupcake that's perfect for birthdays. The cake is super dense so this is quite filling, and the frosting is fluffy and sweet.
Coconut Snowball Cupcake: This was the crowd favorite of the desert spread! The chocolate cake was moist and fluffy, and the coconut icing was amazing. It tasted like buttercream. I don't even like chocolate cake but I could eat 10 of these.
Cannoli: My first vegan cannoli! These were really good, though they definitely taste like Tofutti cream cheese haha. They could have been a little sweeter in my opinion, but are still a great option for an Italian dessert.
Snickerdoodle: A classic snickerdoodle cookie. These were bigger than my hand! They're more on the hard side instead of soft & chewy, but they're not crunchy. They basically melt in your mouth. The amount of cinnamon and sugar is perfect.
Double Chocolate Brownie: This was like fudge! Super rich and filled with chocolate chips. You only need a small piece to satisfy your chocolate craving, so this great to share. It would be amazing heated up and topped with some vanilla ice cream.
The McReeky: Amazing vegan version of a McMuffin! I like how you can request them not to be heated up for takeout, then I baked it at home so it was extra warm and fresh. Great taste & great price at only $7.
Coffee Cake: Perfect for breakfast or dessert! This is a vanilla cake with a delicious cinnamon crumble topping. It's dense and not too sweet. I ended up sharing (regrettably) and nobody expected it was vegan!Really excellent vegan bakery and coffee shop. I could only get there once on my visit to Philly but I would definitely go again!
Highly recommend trying Virtually all the treats. I also liked their special mocha. It even had vegan whipped cream!
Super cute decor and seating area a plus.Hands down, the best cafe in Point Breeze / South Philly!  The vegan goods are amazing -- really cool Halloween treats, and the staff - rock stars!my favorite coffee shop in philly!! the staff is so friendly and stopping in for a morning (typically iced) coffee makes my day. they always have the most amazing specials/flavors for each month. i am gluten free and they have gluten free donuts most days of the week, which are great. the ginger snap gluten free cookies are my favorite (and my boyfriend's favorite). I definitely recommend this place! i love that everything is vegan and oat milk is the "standard" milk they use. have been a regular since before i even moved to philly!!Indoloka coffee was incredibly good. So many delicious eats there, I'm sad I already ate! Good customer service and great atmosphere. I really enjoyed this spot! Oat, soy and almond mylk available. :)