A wee bit pricey for the portions they serve. I come to Beck's for their gator gumbo over jambalaya. The whole thing is just so savory and the spices are just right. It's not overly spicy and not too salty as well. It's a great meal. The gator is in a sausage form. All chopped up into the gumbo. During this visit, I had to order their pasta. Chicken alfredo, for my 2 year old son. It was alright. The whole pasta tasted a bit dry. It's something I wouldn't get twice.
Verdict - Gator gumbo, end of story.Atmosphere:  The craziness going on around you in Reading Terminal depends on the day and time of day that you go. It is really convenient that you can sit at the counter and get waited on there.
Service:  The staff was upbeat and pleasant.  They were the ones who recommended we sit at the counter, which was a really nice experience.  We didn't feel rushed to get out of our seats.  It was really great that they offer you a sample of the food if you are unsure.
Food:  Overall very good.  I was hoping for a bit more spice and strong flavors, but it seems like it is made marketable for the general population.  Which worked out fine with me because there were seasonings available on the counter to bump up the flavor profile.  I got the etouffee and bread pudding.  The etouffee was good, but the flavor got a little muddled after eating it for a while.  It didn't have the depth of flavor that I was hoping for.  The bread pudding was super delicious!  I would recommend it to anyone needing a sweet fix.  My friend enjoyed her jambalaya.
Overall:  I would certainly come back.  The convenient location, good service, and yummy food are all definite pluses.  I am not sure that it is the best New Orleans place in Philly, but I am happy to partake of the menu again sometime soon.We discovered Beck's cafe at the Reading Terminal Market last weekend. Boy am I glad we did. My wife's family is from Louisiana and Mississippi, and have a long history of cooking cajun cuisine. We had the muffaletta sandwich and shrimp/crawfish etouffee. The etouffee was amazing and as good as what my father-in-law makes. The chef was knowledgeable about the holy trinity (celery, bell pepper, onion) and gave us a good tip on where to buy gumbo file powder. The bread pudding with pears and raisins was the best I've had since visiting New Orleans. We will have to go back for there breakfast beignets. They also have alligator on a stick!We ordered the fried oyster and the catfish platter and sincerely speaking it was terrible. Incredibly greasy and please don't tell me it is because it is Cajun food. Moreover, the service is really bad. We wanted to sit but the place was packed so we ordered food and ate while standing up. When there was finally a place the waitress was really rude and said we couldn't sit because we had already ordered food and we were already eating. Hello? Funny thing is that one of the people eating at the bar had the same exact plastic container for to go food that I had. Please, don't ask me for tips on the receipt if you are going to give me a plastic box and will not let me sit in your restaurant.I was fully surprise by Beck's Cajun Cafe, I never would've thought that a hole in a wall like this place that is tucked in Reading Terminal Market would be this amazing. 
The staff behind the counter is a trio of mother and daughters working together. They are extremely nice and are willing to give you little samples of jambalaya or gumbo if you ask for it.
I had the Gator Gumbo with Rice and Fried Mac and Cheese ball. I was hoping the mac and cheese was good but it lacked cheese. A lot of mac inside but not even cheese so it was definitely a bit bland. The best part was the Gator Gumbo, packed with cajun spices and a lot of gator sausage and meat. This was absolutely amazing and a must get at Beck's.
A place worthy of a return when I visit Philly again.For years, I have lamented about the lack of good cajun food in Philly. Thank you, Beck's, for filling this GAPING void. I think the first time I tried this place, it may have been in part because the line at Dinic's was unbearably long and the throngs of people waiting were spilling over into Beck's stall space (they are next to each other)... and boy am I glad my inner fatty couldn't wait another minute because I just don't know what I'd do without this jumbalaya! 
I will note that the service here is a bit terrible. Don't get me wrong - everyone is very nice, but ... SLOW-moving. VERY slow moving. I have never seen a more inefficient operation in my life, but like I said, they are super pleasant and helpful so you forgive them for taking 10+ minutes to pack  your order and collect payment (note: I've been there at least 4x and it's been true every single time). 
As an example of the employees' niceness/helpfulness, as an FYI, they do let you sample pretty much any of the entrees so you can make sure it's not too spicy or too peppery etc for you.
Also, no credit card machine here so bring CASH.
WHAT WE ATE
*Jumbalaya: perfect. perfect. AND it's surprisingly spicy! It's less saucy then some jumbalayas I have had, but still really flavorful and the rice is perfectly cooked. They also usually spoon on a bit of sauce on top and adds that extra flavor. IF you get the right cashier, she will upsell you the cornbread - GET IT - and eat it TOGETHER. They're not messing around when they say the cornbread + jumbalaya flavors complement each other like whoa.  
*Etouffee - the flavors of the bell peppers were a bit TOO strong for my personal liking, but I could appreciate the complexity of the flavors and the spiciness here as well. My friends really liked this dish, so I did want to mention. 
*Oyster Po'Boy - I thought the fried oyster was great. The breading they use to coat the po boy sandwich meats (and oysters) are really tasty and not overwhelming. I wish there was more oyster in the sandwich itself, but that would be the only complaint. 
*Beignets - warm and delightfully light fried dough and generous dusting of powdered sugar make this dessert just decadent enough. 
*Praline cookies - these were decent, but not the best I've ever had. The color was a bit darker than I was used to (more coffee with a splash of milk rather than latte color) and it almost tasted like they had burned/overcooked the butter or brown sugar. 
Beck's also has this authentic root beer from New Orleans available. I'm not a root beer fan so haven't tried, but I keep hearing awesome things about it.The shrimp po boy was completely off on proportions. The bread was super thick, hard and chewy and I threw away half of it because who can possibly eat that much bread in one meal. The shrimp was good but skimpy portions. The creole sauce is  good too. I would not get it again.Gator gumbo with fried mac and cheese.  Great food with just the right amount of kick for a late lunch.Everything about this place is great. Located in Historic Reading Terminal, quick service, flavorful dishes... :)
I don't know anywhere else in Philly that you can get amazing, authentic New Orleans food.
I seriously salivate thinking about how amazing the bread pudding with the whiskey butter sauce is... MMMMMMmmmmmmm !!!!!
The jambalaya, cajun chicken alfredo, and gumbo are also so yum. 
The owner (I hear also a professional caterer on the side) loves New Orleans food. 
Go here when you go to Reading Terminal, trust me.I live in Hawaii and came to Philly for vacation. Came here before and the Gumbo is Great. My g/friend sat next to me with food from another vendor. (Plenty of Open Seats). Female waitress observed this, nothing said. So she opens the wrapping to eat and female (now) advised she couldn't eat other food at their area. (Even though I was still eating my Gumbo) I understand the concept however their were plenty of open seats. So I hurried eating my Gumbo so I could sit with my g/friend. No AlohaPretty good Cajun options in the middle of PhiladelphiaSo stupid good. This place is well worth the visit, as everything I had was amazing. 
I had the "Trainwreck", which was a cheesesteak with Cajun spices, sausage, cheese, peppers, onions, etc. which was delicious, then I got Cajun fries (which were actually more like home fries as chunks of real potato) topped with the chicken and sausage gumbo. It was a really flavorful, dark gumbo, that I think I could've eaten a whole pot of. 
Service was kind and fast, and I got more food than I could eat with a soda for only about $15.Coming from a person who's whole family is from the bayous of Louisiana it's ok. The roux on the gumbo is a little to thick. Gumbo over jambalaya is almost insulting. Po boy wasn't a po boy it was more like a Hoagie with Cole slaw a semi blackened chicken. The flavor is kinda close (if you are a rookie to this food). If you have never had REAL creole/Cajun food you'll love it. I am of creole descent and I grew up on this food ,but like I said if you go to Louisiana (especially bayous were it started not new Orleans) you'll know what I'm talking about. For rookie creole/Cajun palates it's descent though.Went there today with a friend to try the train wreck po boy and possibly some gumbo. We were greeted by some very friendly staff who were very helpful in giving suggestions and attentive to us while we dined there. We ordered two train wreck po boys and with advice settled on gator gumbo with white rice after we were told it has a bit of heat and a good kick to it. We were not disappointed by the gumbo  it was savory and hearty with just the right amount of heat to it. The po boys were served on a a fresh french bread with a delicious creole mayo. Inside the po boy was Andouille sausage, steak, salami, cheese, and onion everything was diced super fine and you need a fork to eat eat all because they pile the meat and fillings on big time on the sandwich. Overall a great meal completely and excellent service would definitely return and highly recommend to anyone looking to spice things upReading terminal is the place to be if you're hungry in Philly cause of all the options. I wasn't expecting it to be packed on a Sunday late afternoon but oh well. My friend and I looked around at a bunch of different places but this was the one that stuck out the most so we fought our way back over. There were two lines for service so things went a lot faster. The servers were nice and gave recommendations. I got the gator gumbo while my friend had the Cajun pasta. We both added a side of cornbread cause who can resist that. We found seats and dug in. One bite and the heat was there. The spice was heavy but so was the flavor. Every spoonful had gator chucks in it which I was not against in the slightest. I had a bite of my friends pasta and that was just as good, the cornbread consistency was closer to cake but it was still good. I could only eat half since it was so thick. Would definitely grab a bowl to go next time I'm in the area.2.5 Stars 
Located inside Reading Terminal Market, there are many food stall to choose from, but Beck's is the only one with Louisiana style foods.  I came here for lunch after reading some pretty good reviews.
Decor:
Like many of the food vendors of Reading Terminal, they presentation is not the focus.  It was still a fairly clean cooking area and everything was labeled properly.  There was nothing to really complain about regarding the decorations given the surrounding food stalls.
Food:
I ordered the beignets which are only available on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.  It was around $8 for a bunch of fried dough balls with powdered sugar sprinkled on top.  They were freshly made to order and came inside a plastic container.  The dough itself was rather dense and did not have the light and fluffy texture that I was hoping for.  They were not as good as I had hoped, but I would be willing to try the savory options in the future.
Service:
The lady who took my order was really nice, but the lines leading up to the register can be quite confusing.  With so many people walking around the market and stopping to look at the food, it was hard to tell who was waiting for food and who was just standing around.  After placing my order I was told to wait to the side, but the food took a while to come out.  Luckily, they were piping hot when I received them, which makes up for some of the wait time.
Overall, the dessert options can be skipped.  I would try the gumbo and jambalaya in the future if I ever came back.This was the second time being here. The first time the Po' Boy was really good. So this time I was there I was OK Po' Boy time it wasn't that great at all lacking seasoning big time. Not sure if they just had a off day. I might check it out one last time but not sure. Now the Gumbo was really good. So I might stop there for the Gumbo again.You must order bread pudding and shrimp po boy!!If you want a little taste of New Orleans this is the place to go. I am from the South and have visited NOLA many times. The Mufaletta here was as good as any I have had in New Orleans. Fried Mac and cheese were also good. Food was out in no time. Definitely worth a stop.Excellent place to stop in and get Cajun food. Service is quick and efficient. You get large portions for a low price.  The food was excellent . Highly recommend.I wish Chuck were here to show me where the best cheesesteaks were. But I made a trip to the Redding Terminal Market and lo and behold my friends took me to Beck's. The staff is friendly and will offer you samples of whatever you'd like to try: jambalaya, red beans and rice, gumbo and their ridiculous whisky sauce drenched bread pudding. 
I had a generous portion of their chicken and andouille sausage gumbo which made me wonder why I didn't make more trips to the South. Great flavor to the rice and gumbo. 
Then, this is now where I say, "I hate y'all," to my friends. The whiskey sauce bread pudding was incredible. I rarely say this but it was one of those things that made my stomach hurt in a good way. So ridiculously rich; the sauce has such a unique flavor. It's one of those things you wonder how you went through life without.I was debating between a 4 and 5 because I think the mac and cheese balls were overpriced, but it's unique enough to the area that it deserves a 5. I'll admit I've never had "authentic" Cajun food, but the gumbo was spicy but not overwhelming. The Train Wreck (sausage/salami po boy meeting a cheesesteak) is delicious; not as spicy as the gumbo but still enough heat to keep it interesting. Very warm and filling.
The staff is pretty nice and they do samples of the gumbo, so give it a shot.Excellent jambalaya! Will definitely come back to try out the jumbo. Service could have been a tad friendlier but it was a busy weekend with a ton of people coming in for the flower show.eat here. do it. it's sooo good. and get the train wreck po'boy. you won't be disappointed.Reading terminal market can be overwhelming not knowing where to begin when it comes to ordering. But Beck's Cajun Cafe makes it easy.
The staff was super helpful on helping my dad and I pick out what I eat.  The lady recommended the train wreck Po boy which was amazing. I would have ate that alone and been satisfied. We also had the fried Mac and cheese balls. We were given a sample of the bread pudding which I wish I had room for! 
Must eat place when you go to reading terminal. Whether you're from Philly or not. You won't regret it!Some of the best food I have ever eaten. Extremely flavorful. Everything was perfect. Definitely try the fried mac and cheese with bacon and gator gumbo.Cat fish poboy was full of fish and had ample filling-to-bread ratio. If only the fish was seasoned. At all. With anything. Bland and underwhelming :/WE LOVE THIS PLACE! The Bourbon Street Breakfast is perfect when you're still in mood for breakfast but want lunch too. Their Ettouffees are amazing too!Went for breakfast and had the peppers n eggs on a roll.  Very good sandwich.   The service was also very good, very friendly.I had the pleasure of having the beignets here on a Sunday. They aren't available everyday. They will give you free samples to try before you buy which is always a plus. 
Staff was friendly, I will be sure to try some gumbo or something else when I return, this was a foodie trip and I enjoyed other items in the market. I only had dessert at Beck'sDecided to hit the market for lunch on a rainy afternoon. After reading several reviews about what to eat, I looked up and noticed I was standing in front of Beck's. The reviews for their Mac n cheese balls did not disappoint!! They were excellent!!I came here once because i heard they offered Beignets on wed and sun.. and they do!
OM GOSH ever since I've been to Louisiana I've had a craving for these delightful French donuts. and i finally found them.
They aren't as good as the ones in the French quarter but they will do for now.The gator gumbo is pretty solid - rich with flavor but a little on the salty side. You can definitely tell that it's made from a well-loved recipe. I would highly recommend this dish for anyone who's first coming to Reading Terminal!So we were in line for Tony Dinic's. The GF notice Beck's and we got some small hand held items that we could snack on while waiting. She got the alligator sausage on a stick, this was good, it's meat on a stick. Fried mac & cheese ball was decent. I would skip the balls. 
Full disclosure, we just ate these items and nothing else. So this isn't the most full and fair review. But looks worthy. Would like to come back to this place and try some real food.One of my goals for my trip to Philadelphia was to visit Reading Terminal.  The place is filled with great options for food. I was leaning towards the southern food so it was either the fried chicken place (Deliah?) or the Cajun Cafe.  I  have been to New Orleans a couple of times, so I decided to try the Cajun Cafe to see how the food matched up.  The oyster po boy was great.  The oysters were friend nicely, not too greasy.  The mayo, pickles, and tomato were in good balance.  The bread had a nice chewiness to it as well.  I really enjoyed the Po Boy; it brought back some memories of New Orleans (pre-Katrina).  I also had an order of the Jambalaya (just cooked within an hour) and brought it back to the hotel.  There was a nice spiciness which was not overpowering. 
jambalayaI'll keep this one short and sweet, the Muffaletta  was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The meat and cheese was fresh and delicious, it was topped with an amazing olive salad, and the roll was to die for. I'll be forcing this place on my parents next time they come into town.Wow!  If Philadelphia and New Orleans had a child it would be named "Trainwreck".  Great sammich, great price, great service. Corn bread and gumbo is very good too.Went here for lunch a few days ago.. Wanted something different than the usual terminal fare so I gave Beck's a try. I wish I didn't . I ordered the Trainwreck and red beans and rice. Let's start with the good, the beans and rice were pretty good. Smoky and creamy with nicely cooked
 Beans. Lots of meat inclined to give the beans richness. A very good side dish. The sandwich was not so good . The sandwich has about 1000 ingredients so this next part is gonna sound stupid, it honestly tasted like nothing. It really had no flavor to speak of. Just very soggy
And greasy with too much onion. I think I might have ordered wrong . Not sure if I'd give this place another try , there are too many better options at the terminal for my
Money .The Bourbon Street Breakfast is really good and a great value. It's basically a dish of red beans and rice topped with a fried egg and split-and-toasted corn muffin. I had one today and it really hit the spot! Great comfort food. I also tried the gator sausage on a stick which was really good.Service was ok...they need to learn to smile. Food was excellent which is the 4 stars. I ordered the Train Wreck without seeing the yelp reviews and it was the bomb!  Tons of meat all put together with a perfectly chewy roll. There was also some tangy sauce on the roll which went well with the different meats. Also had the Chicken and Shrimp Gumbo.Food was good overall but not out-of-this-world! Ordered the fried shrimp platter with red beans & rice which came with cornbread on the side! Tasted great but I wish they gave you more shrimp and larger shrimp too. Also ordered a jambalaya bowl and fried mac n cheese to go (both solid!) and tried my friend's Train Wreck sandwich (yummmm!). They have a very strict policy when it comes to not allowing take out customers to sit at the counter. I saw a few takeout customers turned away and they were not pleased but there's also signs all over the place! Special shoutout to Kate who took care of us while we dined in!OMG! 
The Trainwreck! 
Sooo deliciously good! 
This sandwich is for the meat lover in you. 
It comes with Andouille sausage, steak, salami, cheese, and onion on a soft, yet crusty roll. 
I felt so fat because as I was eating the Trainwreck I was eyeing the Muffaletta. LOL 
If you ever find yourself in Reading Terminal, do yourself a favor and cop a squat at Beck's!I love me some Cajun food. But Philly lacks it. Beck's helps curb my craving. Their tasty, hearty food is worth the annoying wait in crowded Reading Terminal. The gumbo is my fave--it has a lot of spice, chunks of chicken, and spicy sausage in tasty, just-thick-enough broth over rice. The "cup" is $5.50, and super filling. Jambalaya is also good, as is the crawfish etoufee. And dessert looks great, though I'm alway too full to try it.Went with fiancé & we shared the Trainwreck, gumbo & the fried mac & cheese. We lucked out that day because everything was tasty delicious. everybody has their on off days. some days everything the chef makes is on point & their are some days when everything tastes alil off. i recommend the fried Mac & cheese. hands down, yummilicious! I'm not quite a meat eater but my fiancé is & he liked the Trainwreck very much. bread was just right. it was crispy on the outside & moist on the inside, was not soggy which is really important in my opinion. I'm not really a gumbo person but it was good. had enough kick to it & it wasn't too salty. if I could eat til my heart is content & not gain any weight, I would be eating here every week.I was able to sample a few things from here last week and nothing was disappointing! The fried spicy mac and cheese ball was hot and melty and totally homemade. I also had the alligator gumbo and I honestly don't think I've had gumbo before, but this was so good I may not want to try it from anywhere else! It was totally spicy, but warm and made me feel so much better on a rainy sick day i was having. 
To top it off I had their bread pudding, which is one of my favorite desserts, and it was  perfect. Warm, gooey, AND it had raisins and apple slices. I absolutely loved it. 
It was also the first time I was in Reading Terminal Market and that was an adventure in itself! I'll definitely be back to try more Southern Comfort food!I was expecting more from the fried mac and cheese balls after the Thrillist article said it was the best thing in the market...it was just fine. The noodles inside were standard elbow and the cheese was atomic yellow. The breading was too heavy and hard and the marinara sauce was too thin. The coffee tasted good but was cold.The alligator sausage po boy is nothing to write home about. It just tastes like regular old sausage, and the onions and peppers took up most of the sandwich compared to the tiny little sausage pieces.
The cashiers were clearly very unhappy to be working here.
You can find more flavorful sandwiches (with more meat) in Reading Terminal with more pleasant staff.I am writing this review over a to-go cup of Gator Gumbo... 
I would consider myself somewhat of a veteran when it comes to Reading Terminal but in regards to getting some game meats, fish or cuts that I wouldnt be able to get elsewhere, it's usually a one stop shop for me and I am off to the kitchen.
Today was a rare day that I decided to try Beck's.  I was there with a friend who said he read good things.  In my head, I started to think about my own trips to the Big Easy and all the different gumbos I have sampled and prejudged and just assumed this wouldnt be able to hold up.  Huge mistake... This is right up there with the best of Nola, and maybe the best I have ever had... no joke!
I originally went for a cup of the Crab, Shrimp, Crawfish Etouffe and my freinds tried the chicken and sausage gumbo.  Etouffe was awesome and I sampled their Gumbo, unreal as well.  I am almost depressed that I tried this because I always thought I made a pretty mean batch of gumbo and now I have to know this place exists and it is making me rethink my entire dark chocolate roux approach.  
The woman at the counter heard us talking and said that we really need to try the gator gumbo, gave us a sample and as I am typing, I am eating the cup I brought home with me.  Great spice level, smoky flavor...  Again, rethinking my entire approach.  I tried getting some info out of her as to what ingredients they make their roux with, to no avail.  She did give me a hint on how to cook the gator though... baby steps.  I will def. return many times again and continue to pry.  
My new goal is to replicate their gumbo.  This one may take a long, long time.Meh. I came here on account of the Yelp reviews and wasn't impressed in the slightest. I ordered the jambalaya. It tasted tomatoey, and most definitely NOT spicy. It was lukewarm and had almost no meat or shrimp in it. I think it literally contained one small shrimp, one piece of sausage and one tiny, barely identifiable scrap of chicken. They were even sparing with the veggies, throwing in maybe a half dozen pieces of celery for an entire bowl. Edible, yes. Delicious, no. And for about $8, totally not worth the price. I understand good food can cost. I would easily spend up to five times as much for a great lunch, and did just that this week, but this bowl of lukewarm, hard rice covered in tomato sauce was honestly just not worth the $8.Fried Shrimp Po Boy........
This was my first meal in Philadelphia during my 4-day stay, and did it ever set the bar high. While planning my trip, I searched for places that would offer large portions at a low cost. This sandwich fit that description to a t. The sandwich was nearly a foot long and was filled with a generous portion of deliciously fried shrimp and creamy cole slaw, all at under $9. 
While waiting for my sandwich to be made, I was offered a sample of their Gator Gumbo, which was equally delicious and was something I would probably order for my next visit. 
On your visit to Reading Terminal Market, definitely give Beck's a shot.The food here is amazing and the owners/workers are so friendly! I came here for breakfast and ordered the red beans and rice with a fried egg. It was so good that my whole family came the next day! The étouffée was so good, tons of flavor and fresh ingredients. I was only here for vacation and I already want to go back because I want to try everything else on their menu. I highly recommend this place!I wasn"t even going to try this place out but Grace stopped me with a free sample of the alligator gumbo which hooked me. Very friendly and beautiful staff. DELICIOUS cajun food that rivals New Orleans. BELIEVE me when I tell u that the "train wreck" sandwich will surprise ur mouth with a savory taste explosion. I should have ordered one to go.Updating based on my visit here about a month ago and OMG, the Trainwreck sandwich was unbelievable. It's one of those sandwiches where you don't want to think about how many calories you're ingesting, but you don't regret it afterwards cause it was totally worth all those calories. Think a sandwich with andouille sausage, salami and steak smothered with cheese and super spicy. I was in a food coma the rest of the day. Proof of how good it was, it's now a month later and I still remember it. 
I also love that Beck's offers samples of their products while you're standing around waiting. I had the rice and beans last time, I believe, and they were fabulous. 
In conclusion, the staff here is fantastic. Always friendly and enthusiastic about the products they have, this is rare to find these days. 
I don't get to RTM at lunch as much as I used to, but considering the relatively short lines here (compared to most places), I am always glad to stop here during my lunch hour and get something new, unique and delicious.Gator gumbo & macaroni balls. I've had alligator in New Orleans but not gator gumbo, but I'd sure like to have some more after tasting this stuff. Next time I have to try the gator gumbo with the jambalaya. The best treat were those breaded & fried balls of macaroni though. Mmm...Just had a Po boy . not authentic . I expected NOLA french rolls not a philly roll. It was good just not authentic . Guess I have to make a trip to NOLA .Located inside reading terminal market. The fried mac n cheese, corn bread, and sweet tea was good. Cajun fries was home fries with seasoning on them. Yet still very bland. Fried shrimp had zero seasoning. I wouldn't go again. Not worth the prices.Brittany suggested the veggie omelet....So good! The cornbread and sweet potato fries that came with it were sooo good. Brittany also suggested some places to see while we were in Philly for the day.....Great food, great service!Super Bowl Sunday...super food and and even superer service. 
Had great Etouffee and the Train Wreck. Much better than any cheesesteak!
Be sure to go to the sit down counter for great service. Ask for Margaret, she rocks!
Take away is for losers.This is actually my 2nd time eating here. The first time was last month. I had their corn and chicken chowder- I actually love it, I love the andouille sausage and has  a good amount of chicken,sausage and rice! 
Yesterday, I had to try their beignet- it was the best one I've tasted 4 stars for that!! I was curious about their fried mac and cheese! It was crunchy on the outside but soo good creamy inside has some cajun flair to it!! Their cornbread is soo delicious!!! 
Next time I will try their breadpudding, praline cookies and other food on their menu!Came here for lunch on a busy Wednesday.  I ordered the blackened chicken po boy.  It arrived and I knew right away I was not going to like it.  It had thinly sliced, dried-out chicken piled onto a roll with lettuce and tomato.  I asked for the creole mayonnaise on the side, and that was actually the best part.  I had to dip the chicken slices into the mayonnaise to make the slices edible.  It was really dry.  And it wasn't "blackened"--I don't understand why they call it blackened when there's no evidence of blackend-ness.  I was expecting a thick piece of chicken that was actually blackened and not some dried out pile of sliced meat.  I couldn't even finish it, and I was pretty hungry.  I'm sure the other po boys are much better, but I don't recommend you order the so-called blackened chicken.Best po boys, train wrecks, beignets and bread pudding outside of new Orleans itself! !  If I lived closer, I'd be there every day!WOW...This place was amazing. I got the Jambalaya and my boyfriend got the Train Wreck (steak, andouille, salami, fried onions, creole mayo). We also split the cajun fries.  Everything was delicious! amazing flavors.  Jambalaya was packed with chicken, andouille and shrimp. very good!  I was able to grab a couple bites of the train wreck. WOWZA. It was soooo goood! I couldnt believe my eyes when i saw the line stretching around the corner for the Dinics Roast Pork when you could have a train wreck ( i know the dinics is amazing too), this train wreck is prob the best sandwich i have ever eaten in this city. Forget all the gourmet burgers and the cheese steak shops. GET THE TRAIN WRECK. kind of reminded me a bit of a schmitter, but dare i say EVEN BETTER than the schmitter.
this is an absolute must in this city!
All Hail The Train Wreck
fyi you will feel a little train wrecked after eating it! just look at the ingredients you know what you're getting in to! Just go for it.I came back because my friend wanted to come here for lunch. I had the Train Wreck Po Boy, and she has a Fried Shrimp Po Boy Wrap. 
It was pretty good, in a "cheesesteak from the pizza place down the street" kind of way. It supposed to be, "andouille sausage, steak, salami, onions, cheese, and creole mayo," but all you can taste in the steak and cheese with a little kick. The French baguette was pretty hard (inside and out), and I don't think they're fitting for a sandwich (unlike the *cough* rolls from that other place in RTM that are crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside *cough*). I think I would've preferred a wrap.
She let me try one of the fried "shrimp" that fell out. The breading was very tasty, but the "shrimp" tasted similar to that of what you'd find in a grocery store ramen noodles with fake shrimp package.
We also witnessed the "waitress" mess up everyone's orders and then do nothing to make up for it.
I stand by what I said last time, the Alligator Sausage Po Boy they're "famous" for was oddly devoid of alligator sausage and was mostly peppers and onions.
There's a reason there were four seats open at 1pm on a Sunday, You can do better in RTM.This was a great quick stop for me during a busy day of touring Philly. Sadly, they were out of beignets when I was there. The portion sizes look small but are very filling, so don't be fooled! 
It took me forever to decide on what to get, and the lady serving us was really patient and kind, and very apologetic about the beignet shortage. It certainly wasn't the best cajun food I've ever had, but for fast casual cajun it was great. FYI: The alligator gumbo comes in the form of alligator sausages.Had the trainwreck omelette breakfast and my husband had the brioche French toast with pralines breakfast! 2 weekends in a row the waitress didn't let us down!!! Awesome meals and service!!! Love this place!The Po'Boy Train Wreck here is huge and pretty delicious. Cajun sub stuffed with andouille sausage and various sorts of other meats. However, the Jambalaya was a bit disappointing, especially in comparison to the Po'Boy Train Wreck. For 7 dollars, the Jambalaya dish gives you a tiny amount of food. It tastes pretty good, but you won't fill up on it.I was directed to this place by a Thrillest article highlighting the 9 best finds at the Reading Terminal Market. The article specifically mentioned trying their fried Mac & Cheese Balls, so I listened to my Thrillest advisors and ordered those. I'm a fan of any Mac & Cheese situation, so I was excited to try them, but I've got to say that I was a little disappointed. They were served lukewarm with a side of salsa that reminded me of the Tostito's salsa, which isn't bad, so it was fine, but all in all, the flavors didn't do much for me. Maybe it was because they weren't hot or because they were a little dry, but I wasn't impressed. I'm glad that I tried them so that I can cross them off of my foodie bucket list, but I won't be ordering them again if I ever make it back to the market.One of my favorite places to grab breakfast at Reading Terminal. Highly recommend the breakfast po'boys. I am not a fan of the chicory coffee, but others like it. Always great service from a friendly waitstaff.Delilahs at the Reading Terminal use to be my place for years, but because of the declining service and quality of food, I started looking around for another spot, and thank God, Beck's was just opening! Now this is the place that I go to for lunch and tell everyone about!! The shrimp po' boys are so tasty, the jambalaya, the gumbos, bread pudding... everything is great and authentic (husband is from New Orleans). The  po' boys are filling, but the other dishes could use a little bit more. Usually we split a shrimp po' boy, and then order some jambalaya and then another side dish, then finish it with bread pudding. Also order some root beer from LA., very refreshing!! I love the fact that they have their own counter and seats, it makes it easier to eat here and also watch them make your food. Oh yes, the beignets are only made only certain days, so order them. They are so light and sweet!!Seriously crave-able, which isn't too much of a problem since I work directly next to the Terminal.
I wandered into the Terminal on a cold and rainy day and wasn't quite sure what I was in the mood for- figured I'd do a lap around and see what stood out to me. I walked past  Beck's and noticed they were giving out free samples. I tried the Crab & Shrimp Efouffee over white rice and knew it was exactly what I wanted for my perfect rainy day lunch. Had great spice to it and the depth of the flavors was exactly what I didnt even know I was craving. 
The Shrimp Po Boy is also out of this world. The roll is the perfect consistency to hold the oh-so-crispy fried shrimp in. The creole mayo- ask for extra! They put so much shrimp into this sandwich that some ends up falling out, and i like the extra sauce at the end for the few remaining shrimp. 
If only I didnt mind being in a serious post lunch food coma after eating here, I'd come here far more often...Was made aware of this place via a friend who was raving about a very underrated sandwich, the Train Wreck.  Warm meaty, salty, oooey goodness smelted together with cheese.  This chopped meat combo features various different bovine & swine varietals smothered in cheese on French bread. Good alternative dare I say the best concoction in the RTM.I dream of the gumbo here! O M G! I used to go to Reading Terminal and have trouble deciding because there are so many delicious things to eat. Not anymore, 100% of the time I go to Beck's. Seriously go here, it will not disappoint! The food is wonderful, flavorful and reasonably priced. The staff are never anything but friendly and helpful! I hope to be visiting Beck's for years to come! Beck's has managed to carve a niche in a place where the best of the best are truly represented!We come to Reading Terminal about once a year, so we normally stick to our normal dining options.  This time we tried Beck's Cajun Café.  We had the gator gumbo over jambalaya, train wreck, fried catfish, fried macaroni & bacon balls.  Not sure if it was a special or not, but the lady gave us a complimentary bread pudding (generous portion). Everything was delicious!! The gator gumbo was so good I went back and ordered one to take home with me.  We will definitely keep Beck's on our go to list at RTM!Got the Chicken/Andouille Gumbo with Jambalaya last night. I want to bring back home a tub full! Best gumbo I've had in a very long time! The perfect ratio between spice and flavor in the gumbo, with the combination of the hearty jambalaya was amazing! The texture and consistency of the gumbo was spot on! Not too soupy and also not too creamy. Highly recommended!I looooooove---D this place! I have all my co-workers addicted to the fried mac n cheese with the gumbo on top. We've been ordering it almost everyday for the last 2 weeks...
The first couple days the mac n cheese was dropped in the fryer--a scoop of gumbo poured on top.. and when you dipped your fork in the mac n cheese...YOU HEARD THAT CRUNCH! You felt that crunch in your mouth as the cheesy goodness made you feel like you were at home sitting at the dinner table...
However today--- I just so happened to lean over the counter. I saw the cook make some fresh orders of mac n cheese for  customers that were sitting down yet used some old mac and cheese balls for me and threw them in the microwave. I was very disappointed by that. They were soggy and it really damaged the quality overall. Smh I had no time to argue it there with a 30 min lunch break but I find it disheartening when you short change your customers on an experience. We love it but like wth smhThis place. The corn bread. My life. The jambalaya. The shrimp po'boy. Everything is amazing. Seriously. Go. You will not be disappointed. I promise. And the bread pudding. To. Die. For.
Okay, I'm done with fragments. But I really hope you Ay least stop by and grab a taster, if not a full meal. You will not leave disappointed.Oh man, try the Train Wreck Po' Boy...it'll change your life.  Eat at the counter if you can.  Breakfast, the chicory coffee (don't add any sugar or milk til after you try it; it's a coffee drinker's coffee) and the egg po boy with andouille.  The andouile will be undoing.  In a way I hate living right near this because I'm tempted to eat here 3 meals a day.  And very friendly people to boot!Really want to give this place a 3.5.
Friendly service.  We ordered the fried oyster po boy which was yummy but it only came with four pieces of oyster and it was mostly thick Italian bread.  The mayo was delicious though!  Nicely flavored with seasoning.Perfect! Best meal in Philadelphia by far! We were sick of Dunkin (which made the kids happy). We stopped in the market and found this gem. Great service and great food! The beignets were great, the omelet was awesome, but the Brioche French Toast.... get it! Also some of the best corn bread I've ever had. Must try!I love southern cuisine, cajun, seafood and all. Just bring it all on. I came here and order the etouffee and really like it. I am a fan of the Reading Terminal. It is one of the tourist traps, but it adds something to the city of brotherly love and not everything at the Reading Terminal is over priced, You just need patience and know what and where to eat at. Beck's is definitely one of them. :)A nice little slice of Cajun right in the train station. Gator gumbo was spicy and tasty.  Staff was friendly and fast. Price was good.The Trainwreck is my new favorite sandwich when I come downtown... Line is always long when I come but definitely worth the waitPretty decent po boys. Catfish has a good light breading on it, though could use more flavor/chipotle sauce. The Train Wreck is probably the best one - basically a cajun version of the cheesesteak. I like all the different options here. The coleslaw here is bomb, probably the best I've had anywhere. However, I was pretty sad that when I asked for lettuce/tomato on the Train Wreck, they charged me an extra dollar without telling me it was extra. C'mon guys.Had the gumbo.  Was amazing.  Highly recommend.   Love that you can sit down and have a meal w a restaurant feel.   Very friendly staff.Ahhhh every time if get the chance to eat here I do
I love the jambalaya.. The gator gumbo is on point 
But my absolute fav is the crawfish entouffé.. 
Fried Mac and cheese is pretty good tooBengies here cost $4.50 each you must purchase 6 at a time. They are a little bigger than a mozzarella stick. What a rip off.I'm a big fan. A real big fan. It's Cajun sorta fast food at it's best.
I say sorta fast food because they make certain items fresh. Some are heating in large tins. All taste very good.
I've had the Jambalaya a few times and really enjoy it. The fried mac n cheese is also excellent. And, I love me some alligator sausage. The fries are okay, but you can save them for a more french fry type of place. This is not their highlight.
The bread pudding is outrageously good. I can make a meal out of it and there will be no shame. The beignets are awesome as well. They are like funnel cake if it were squares, instead of a cake.
But the real winner here is a sandwich that can compete with some of the sickest sandwiches in America. This is serious business. The Train Wreck is not for the faint heart. It will literally give you a heart attack if you have it too often. It's loaded, and I mean loaded, with Andouille sausage, steak, salami, cheese, and onion. The steak is like what you would find in a Philly cheese steak, so there is some local influence on this Cajun joint. This is a sandwich that is Man vs. Food worthy. Each bite leaves the distinct possibility that you utter, OMG.
Beck's is no joke. Not only is their food great, but they are super friendly. I will be back. Many times. And, many more times after that.The food here is excellent! I had the crawfish Étouffée, the jambalaya, and the bread pudding. YUMMMMY!!! I mean, who would ever expect to find such delicious food hidden away in 30th St. Station? I sure didn't but was pleasantly surprised when I went. The food is delicious and affordable and the workers were extremely pleasant. Bravo!Good  flavor for the etouffee BUT 2 shrimp and maybe 2 crawfish tails. All rice. Not worth the money. Talked to the guy who was like "so..."I ordered the Oyster Po Boy.
Oysters were fried. there were about 7 small fried oysters on the sandwich. The Po boy was good, but small. The overall taste was good. I would order another po boy from here, but the prices are a bit high. 
Good customer serviceThe only thing I have to say about the type of bread they use for there sandwiches it hard... Best to get this sandwich to go and let the steam soften these up.. The train wreck is awesome with shredded meet and hot links and the oyster is great as well ... Today I try the shrimpGreat food and service. Extremely fresh, generous portions, and professional service. Highly recommended.As good as the location at Reading Terminal, Beck's is known for it's fantastic Cajun cuisine. Get the snapper soup, a Philly favorite, and it's very good at Beck's.Ok here we go again,
In all fairness I wanted to try this place out because A. I've been to Louisiana and had their food. B. I was feeling a little bit homesick for some authentic  Creole food. and C. There aren't that many creole food places around here so I gave it a try.
The Gumbo could have been a little bit thicker with their rue. I had the oyster Po-Boy which was not for poor people because it cost 10 bucks. Perhaps they should change the name from the  "Po-Boy" to the "Wealthy-Chap" ! Oh well, I was ok but the French roll should not have been so hard.
I guess while in Philadelphia beggars can't be too choosey when looking for a good creole food restaurant.Interesting food, dreadful service esp for train station when people  are rushing. Po' boy wrongly sauced for
NOLA. Foods you can see in buffet were good thoGreat Cajun food, etouffe, jambalaya, crawfish, various kinds of gator, mac and cheese, greens, you name it, seating not ideal but you can usually find a table down the hallway.Wonderful service. Food is brought to your table. Server always had a smile on his face. Stopped by my table a couple of times asking how everything was. Place is clean. Food tasted fresh and baguette was good.I don't know how anyone could give this place a bad review. It's soooo good!! My husband and I stopped here for a quick lunch before traveling to NYC. We were promptly greeted, asked if we wanted samples, and had all our questions answered. We both ended up with wings but different sides. 
There aren't the right words to describe how good our food was. Spicy but not too hot. Flavorful. Piping hot. Great serving size. And the cornbread?! Made me wanna slap my momma. Dare I say that meal was the highlight of our day. 
Great food, inexpensive, and good service. Will definitely return if we find ourselves in philly again.I had the gator gumbo for the first time today, and while it was good (and those big chunks of gator were sure appreciated), what really blew me away was how perfectly "hot" it was, both in terms of spice and actual temperature. 
I had to wolf the bowl down before my train got in, and it had just enough kick to it to be memorable, without making me a mess, and it was just warm enough to taste like it'd just come out of the pot, without scalding me. It was, and I can't believe I'm saying this outside of a Goldilocks context, just right, in every way.Just tried the train wreck today and it is the best cheesesteak I've ever had. The food is always good, very hot and the service is great, except for one particular girl there who wears glasses and is brunette. Awful to her fellow employees, and is rude to customers. One man couldn't speak English and she told him she "wasn't "f**king helping him" and threw a hissy fit and stormed away. Very unprofessional.Unfortunately I can't remember ever having an entree here, but I can say their bread pudding kills me, it's sooo good. If you haven't tried it, you need to. Beignets are also available here (I believe Sundays). If you bring some to whoever you might be traveling to through 30th street station, they'll appreciate it.Pretty decent place to get food at in the 30th street station. Had the Blackened chicken breast Po Boy wrap. It's served with lettuce, pickles, tomato, and creole mayo. The chicken had a pretty good kick to it, but it was just a little bit dry. Good service from the people who work there. I found it to be the best choice for food while waiting for the Atlantic City express train.Food was generally tasty but not amazing.  
Snapper soup was rich, thick & tasty.  Chicken Gumbo was spicy & flavourful, although the chicken was extremely overcooked & unappetizing.  Alligator Po boy filling was fine (gator sausage) but the bread was tough and not super fresh.  
Great service.Beck's is awesome.  My favorite stop around 30th St. Station.  Blackened chicken is great.  All the gumbos and jumbalaya too.  Super corn bread.  Friendly service and all at the right price.   Like the collard greens too.I've already reviewed the location in Reading Terminal, but since this location didn't have many reviews, I might as well review it as well. The food here is excellent. The gumbo is amazing, and the Jambalaya and some of the sandwiches are also really good. The food is very spicy and flavorful, so i would not recommend if you can't handle spice. However, they are very generous with samples, so if you're unsure, just stop by and try some gumbo.  Overall, the food is amazing and the service was decent In addition, unlike Reading Terminal, there's not a long line.Being from Louisiana I am HIGHLY skeptical of any place claiming to have "Cajun" food. After having some many disappointing bowls of watery and under spiced gumbo I had given up. This past weekend I visited Philly for the first time, and popped by the 30th Street station for some food, my boyfriend jokingly suggested we try Beck's out and I played along, only to find out that they ARE in fact quite legit. I mean it's the best gumbo I've had outside Louisiana, including my mom's homemade stuff. AND they had amazing and authentic po-boys to boot. Y'all, Beck's is the real deal.What a surprise!  We had no idea what we wanted to eat and were cruising through the food court when the fun Mardi Gras decorations and Nola style sit down area caught our eyes.  Deborah found us checking out the menu and immediately drew us in by offering samples of her Gumbos.  The Gator sausage gumbo was our favorite and we both ordered the same thing.  The sweet corn bread accompaniment was better than my homemade offering and was a perfect compliment.  The gumbo  was easily as good or better than any of the gumbos we have eaten in Nola.  We both agreed we were in heaven!  Go eat and enjoy!Great food! Love coming here with friends and eating well. Staff is lovely. The fish is fresh and the sides are also delicious. I'd recommend any shrimp-based meal.Absolutely the best cajun food We have eaten on the east coast. Great staff and service, they have a passion for the food!   MT DudeA surprise in the middle of the 30th street train station. I had the shrimp po'boy and it was delicious. From the crusty baguette to the thinly sliced pickle - it was just right!  I also had a side of Mac and cheese because well - who doesn't love comfort food while traveling. The other thing you need to know is that this little stand has seats with plugs.  Not an easy thing to find here - the food is worth it and the plugs are a bonus!!!Excellent food. Every time I come to 30th street I eat here. My favorite is the Blackened catfish PoBoy. Really spicy and so good!I had the cat fish platter with a side of red beans rice, cornbread, and some lettuce. The rice also comes with pieces of hot sausage, there could have been more gravy over the rice. The platter was really good and flavorful. The catfish was very moist on the inside. The lettuce were more of an after thought. Just a few shredded pieces. I also bought the Mac & cheese. They come 3 balls of fried Mac & cheese per order. I did feel like something was missing with the taste of the Mac. I had bread pudding as a side. That I wasn't really able to enjoy because my daughter took most of it.The wait was too long for a train station.  But it turned out to be no problem since I threw the food out anyway.  Disgusting, fishy catfish "fingers" with more oily crust than fish, an exploding grease bomb of corn bread and some weird-tasting red beans and rice.  I've been to New Orleans.  If anyone down there knew about this place, they would sue.Visited Phila for a November wedding and stayed at Loews. Visited Becks for to take back to the room. DELICIOUSAfter coming here consistently once a month over the past few years, I will finally leave a review.  I'm not a huge rice fan and although the jambalaya is good, I prefer the gator or chicken/andouille gumbo with a side of blackened chicken Alfredo.  Everything mentioned above has a nice kick to it...probably like a 7/10 spice level.  Only reason I give 4 and not 5 stars is because the gumbos itself lack in their amounts of protein.The beignets were so delicious! It was freshly fried so the texture was unbelievably soft and crispy on the outside...so yummy. I would recommend eating them while it's fresh because after it cools down, it becomes chewy.
The shrimp and chicken gumbo was so tasty. It was a nice combination of veggies and meat...and there was a kick to it. 
I also ordered the fried shrimp platter that came with a side. This was pretty standard fried shrimp. The rice and beans were not comparable to the gumbo so after I had the gumbo, I wasn't crazy about this. The corn bread was also forgettable. 
I will definitely come back to Beck's. Loved the gumbo and beignets sooooooo much!Such a great breakfast bowl. What made it even better was the service! This sweet girl was getting hassled by a man about the "sugar/soda tax" on his check and she handled it like a champ. I would definitely go here again if we lived nearby.I was nervous to try a sandwich at Beck's. It was my first time in Philly and a few days prior I had an underwhelming experience at another place trying a Philly Cheesesteak. I came for one reason: The Trainwreck. Just like the Amy Schumer movie, there's a lot happening with this sandwich. It was large and filled with flavorful meat and cheese. The bread was soft but NOT soggy and really complimented the sandwich with its slight tang. Definitely a big bang for your buck here.Not that there are many great choices in 30th Street Station, but Beck's could be so much more. The blackened catfish was rubbery and the Mac and cheese a bit tough. They were both on the steam table a bit too long. The second star is for the Abita Root Beer, a tough to find treat up north.When my friend and fellow Pittsburgh yelper Lauren B. told me I needed to check Beck's out, I took her word for it, since she's from New Orleans, so I trust that she knows good Cajun and Creole food.  I was originally planning to check out the location in RTM, but when I found out about the outpost in 30th St. Station, I decided to visit it instead to pick up a meal prior to my next trip back to Pittsburgh by train.
As soon as I approached the stand, I was greeted by one of the employees and offered a sample of gumbo.  I accepted and tried the gator gumbo, and was favorably impressed. I don't pretend to be an expert in either gumbo or gator, since this was my first time trying either, but it tasted quite good.  The employee who offered me the sample pointed out that the gumbo is part of the lunch special, which includes three selections from the steam table for $10.
Because it seemed like a good deal, I debated about getting the lunch special, but ultimately decided against it, since the items I wanted to try most weren't part of it.  (I'll have to return to try it another time, however.)  Instead, I ordered a shrimp po' boy (recommended over the oyster po' boy by another employee) with a side of the fried mac and cheese balls.  Together, this came to $15 and some change.  The sandwich took about 5 min. to prepare, but I didn't mind because I wasn't in too much of a rush to make my train, and I appreciate MTO food.
Because I had to board my train, about 30 min. passed before I was able to eat my lunch, and as a result, it wasn't as warm as I'd have liked.  However, I can't blame Beck's for this, since the food was served pretty warm.  I found the shrimp po' boy quite flavorful even without any condiments, but applying some of the hot sauce (Tabasco?) included gave it even more flavor, as well as a nice kick.  Aside from its flavor, it was substantial and had a nice variety of textures.  The only criticism I have is to echo another reviewer's wish that the bread was crisper on the exterior.  The fried mac and cheese balls were also quite delicious, and were taken to the next level through application of the Cajun sauce included with them.  My only criticism here is that they no doubt would have tasted better if they were hotter, but again, I can't blame Beck's for this since boarding my train took awhile.
Overall, I was impressed by the delicious, boldly-flavored food and friendly service that I received from Beck's.  This was my first time trying Cajun or Creole food, so I must offer the disclaimer that I don't have a standard to judge against.  For this reason, I'd normally award a rating of 4.5. However, considering the other options in 30th St. Station, this really is as good as it gets, so 5 stars it is.  If you've never tried Cajun or Creole food before, I'd encourage you to give the food here a try--who knows, maybe you'll become as much of a fan of it as I am now!Cajun food was good but terrible service. I've gone here many times before. The food can be very oily and prepared without care, but I figured I'd give it another shot. Went to order food from the counter at 30th street and a worker redirected me to the cashier, went to the cashier and I was redirected to another worker. The other worker looked at me and helped someone else. Completely unorganized. Not worth the price or time.Where shall I begin?  After waiting for what I thought would be a quick stop from their hot bar before catching my train, and $20 later for overcooked, dry wings, two sides, and bread pudding I'm just disappointed. The cashier had my bag open for 'to go' but didn't put any utensils in the bag. Really??  Note to owner---the wings in the case look great. You ruin them with whatever you do in the back, and it goes without saying that the little things go a long way-put the plastic utensils in a to go bag. They really can't cost that much. I travel to Philly all the time but I won't be back. I'll be honest, this is the first time I've given a bad review. This was deserved.Food is horrible. I ate here twice as an employee of the station. i had the catfish and gumbo the first time and it was disgusting. The second time i had 10 wings and blackend alfredo and the wings were old, big and not good at all and the alfredo was stale. i tried it twice but will not come back. the food is really really badThis is the location in 30th st station.  Awesome food and really nice staff. Had 30 mins to eat and catch a train. Blackened catfish was spicy moist and crispy. Greens were authentic.  No need to go on...eat here. And finish with the bread puddingBeck's Cajun Cafe is well-known for its Cajun-style cuisine, with New Orleans' staples such as muffuleta sandwiches and po' boy's at the forefront. The Train Wreck Po' Boy at Reading Terminal was so good (essentially a cheese steak on steroids), I knew I had to try a more traditional po' boy as well.  
So when the GF and I had a hankering while we were waiting for our train to the Borgata Water Club in Atlantic City, we decided to check out the 30th Street Station outpost for Beck's Cajun Cafe.
Fried Shrimp Po' Boy [$10.75]
Fried shrimp, french bread, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, creole mayo 
We decided to split a traditional shrimp po' boy. While I wish the bread was crustier (perhaps it was because it was almost closing time), there was an abundance of shrimp, well breaded and crispy. A squirt of hot sauce would have really made each bite though.
Also, I don't know if prices are higher than what's on the menu or perhaps the sandwiches are more expensive after lunch. Overall, I'd stick with the train wreck po' boy, which has everything you need already on the sandwich - no condiments necessary.We were so thrilled to find Beck's amidst the craziness of Reading Terminal Market. Unsure what we were in the mood for, we wandered around until something caught our eye. 
Beck's was offering up some delicious looking cajun food, something I never have the chance to really experience. Everything was looking great, so we grabbed two stools at the counter and took a seat. 
We were lucky to sit between people who were Beck's fans, and gave us recommendations on what to order. Based on what our new friends had to say, we ordered the crawfish étouffée with jambalaya rice, and corn bread - requested to be deep. fried. 
The étouffée, made fresh to order, was full of robust flavors. This rich and homey dish fed our bellies and our souls. The étouffée had a seafood flavor from the pieces of shrimp and crawfish, as well as a meaty bite from the addition of sausage. The seasoned jambalaya rice soaked up all the flavors and added an extra component of depth to this dish. 
But let's not forget the cornbread. Praise be the women who suggested we have it deep fried. Corn bread is good normally, no picture it deep fried. The corn bread was warm, and had an extra layer of richness from being fried. A true delicacy. 
Cajun food was something I didn't know I needed more of in my life, but Beck's now has me wanting it again and again. Definitely a spot to check out while in Reading Terminal Market.I would give this place 0 stars, not because of the food but because of the service. I came in to takeout and the lady at the register asked me to tip on the card and when I did not she was very rude and said she appreciated it. Considering I was taking out food, this behavior was very unexpected and disrespectful. I will never takeout food from here again!The Trainwreck is one of the jewels of Reading Terminal Market. A warm, gooey combination of salami, sausage and cheese that savory, salty and absolutely crave worthy from the first bite to the last. Like a NOLA poboy had a lovechild with a Philly cheesesteak  it's another sandwich that i get every time I go to the Market. One minor complaint (and it could be
my failing memory:) I remember the bread and the sandwich being larger. I shared 1/2 with a friend. 
Ok and not to be outdone by the Muffaletta, which is as legit as any you'd find in NOLA, from the toasty sesame bread to the tall layers of sliced deli meats, cheese and pickled giardiniera. Oh yeah, if you need this fix, this is it. Had it for the first time this year after ogling it for years. I ordered a quarter and it was nice they cut it in half to share with a friend. And entire 1/4 would be pretty hearty for 1 person. 
BTW all of the other stews/soups (gumbo etc) are excellent too. The only downside is that I don't live close enough to eat them all! Without question this place is legit NOLA cuisine, and am glad to see them continuing to thrive. 
And my pictures don't do justice to the food quality or presentation. Don't miss Beck's!The one in reading terminal is amazing but the one in 30th seems like an afterthought.
When I got a trainwreck (cheesesteak of sorts) before it was like an experience. All the flavors were melded together in a uniform bite with some crisp bread. This time, the cheese wasn't even melted, the sandwich wasn't cut--you could tell it was prepared in a hurry. Which doesn't make much sense considering I was the only one here and in reading terminal theres like a million people there.
Maybe its just the location, I feel like that whole strip of restaurants in 30th just don't give it there all because its a low visibility area.This place was amazing. The lady behind the counter was really nice and gave great recommendations. I got the blacken chicken Alfredo and it was delicious. Also tried the jambalaya and backed mac and cheese.Honestly, I tried this place on a whim..., I was undecided what to get with all the food options. There was a gentleman checking out & when he saw me lookingl at the menu he said to theme " this some good Eaton' right here". Anyway I went ahead and ordered a breakfast Turkey sausages PO Boy. It had 2 cracked eggs, which were good. The turkey sausage however was an epic fail . It tasted like old frozen stale sausage. Even jimmy deans would have been better. The bread was soggy, I'm guessing a probably should have opted for fried catfish or shrimp P.O. boy. The server was excellent she was friendly, not very informative but nice & patient.I usually enjoy most everything I've ordered at Becks. The chicken wings and chicken Alfredo are both delicious options. I am not a fan of the Mac n cheese but my coworker loves their greens. The prices are high and and since most of it is prepared in advance, it's usually served luke-warm at best. The prices and the food not being heated to temp are the reasons for being one star short of a perfect review.I did take out to my desk with work bestie. We both ordered chicken Alfredo and we shared a "small" side of greens, it was huge ! Neither of us finished the pasta or the greens. Greens were a little dry and no sign of ham anywhere. 4/5
Chicken Alfredo was rich, dripping with either oil or butter and was filling and delicious. The Alfredo delivers a kick so be prepared with a drink 5/5
Also the lady who served us was a doll! She was a real sweetheart - a jewel 6/5!
Food 5/5
Service 6/5 
Thanks for the service with smile!!!This review is about the 30th Street Station location.  (I feel the need to say this because I saw a lot of reviews for the Reading Terminal location)  I have never had a good experience at Beck's, the food ranges from bland/mediocre to bad.  Every now and again I'll try it again to see if things have improved.  Today was the last straw.  I ordered the Devil Wings platter, the wings were so salty I actually didn't feel good after trying them.  The only good thing about this place is that the staff is usually very nice.I ordered breakfast here because they put a twist on traditional American breakfast food (which I often feel bored with). I ordered the andouille breakfast po'boy with peppers and it was so good! I ordered it through grubhub and put a side of sweet potato fries in my order (for some veg) and a lovely lady called to let me know while they didn't have that, she highly suggested the mashed sweet potatoes. I'm super thankful they were out and for her recommendation because the sweet mash complimented the spice in the sausage FANTASTICALLY. They also prepared my order super quick! Definitely will be getting more from here in the future!Went to Reading Terminal in Philly last weekend and chose Becks. I really wanted to enjoy the muffuletta which is a staple in Louisiana for lunch,  however, this sandwich is not up to par. I asked her to toast the sandwich which she informed  she had however it was a pathetic attempt. A really bad tasting olive salad on the muffuletta sandwich. The olive salad is supposed to soak into the bread. My bread was dry and nasty.  My boyfriends "Jambalaya " he added shrimp and chicken was so sorry looking. and even nastier flavor. YIKES  He couldn't even stomach it. This nasty Jambalaya was reheated and you could tell had been sitting out long before being served. Not a nice flavor. Jambalaya is a rice dish that combines a roux and tomatoes and is flavorful. Not this Jambalaya*******  FYI: Go visit Coops Place for an authentic taste down in New Orleans.******* What really made us sad is we saw an awesome looking restaurant " Molly Malloy's" that  had the most awesome looking cheesesteak I would have enjoyed. Sorry our lunch was wasted on "Becks" at Reading terminal . Lesson learned !Their food is absolutely delicious! True Cajun cuisine.. my only reason for 3 stars is due to the serving size/price.. For what I paid I expected something quite larger. Taste wise would have me go back but the portion size MAY make me think twice. If you're in Reading Terminal it's definitely worth a try.So many places to eat in Reading Terminal in Philly.  This is the first time we stopped at Beck's.  We were looking for a quick late breakfast this morning.  The Terminal was already packed as the car show started today.  Our normal place was swamped so we walked  around until we landed here..
We had omelettes -- vegetarian and the Trainwreck which was loaded with meat.  Both were great.  Cooked perfectly with the perfect amount of cheddar cheese.  Tasty.
We finished, though we should not have, with beignets.  The order had 7 but we each only ate one and brought the rest home.  It has been many years since we visited New Orleans.  The beignets today were definitely on par with our memories of the ones in NO.
If you find yourself at Reading Terminal, take a stop at Beck's.Fiiiiiire!!! Just got the Train Wreck Po Boy and stopped half way to write this review. Ridiculously good. Best hot sandwich I've had in ages. The lady at the register was closing out and she's super nice. Thanks Becks!Becks was my first Reading Terminal food experience my first night living in the city in 2009 and became a regular ever since.
The earlier you go the better because they sell out of things quickly. Cornbread is fantastic. Love it with some gater gumbo. Full of flavor and nice heat/spices.
Shrimp po'boy and jambalaya are other favorites of mine. They even sell those Cajun chips I really only see in NOLA so I appreciate that. Also appreciate that it's always affordable.
Always recommend and always pop in when I get the chance.This used to be one of my favorite places at 30th street but I believe the level of service has gone downhill. The last few times I have gone there for lunch I have waited at the counter several minutes for service. Today I stood there for about five minutes and no one was visible to help me.  I finally gave up and went to the Chinese Buffet. The food is not as good, but at least I didn't have to wait!First time here. Based on excellent Yelp reviews, we wanted to try. The restaurant is like a U-Shape. We were waiting around the sitting area at the counter & no one bother to come & ask if we want to order. So, we went on the other side to order & we were yelled by am employee to order from the other side if we want to sit there & eat. Seriously? Nothing was displayed on the board or any where how to order. And then yell & be rude to customers? Hello? We are from silicon valley & not some hill billies. Later, the same employee came back & apologized for being rude. This person should be fired!!
As far as food goes, it's just not what we expected. Gumbo with Jambalaya was so thick, it taste like rice porridge. Po boy sandwich & blackened catfish was good. There are so many great food places in that market & you should try.This food was super salty 
I will never again in my life go here 
I got the Mac and cheese and catfish 
The fish was sooooo salty so I figured I cut it with something sweet like bbq for dip but it was just too DAMN. SALTY!!!!!The same great stuff as the Reading Terminal Market location, Only without the super crowded line and close proximity to Molly Malloy's.
When I had time to grab food in 30th Street Station before grabbing a train to Atlantic City for the beer festival, I was kind of dreading a quick pastry or a Wendy's breakfast. But catching a whiff of their spices a gumbo alerted my senses to better possibilities. And while I narrowed the corner and grabbed a look at the offerings I was instantly welcomed by a warm smile and an offer of a gumbo sample.
While the prospect of one of their rise and shine breakfast po' boys, or their full on Bourbon Street Breakfast with red beans & rice and grilled corn bread sounded mighty tempting; the gator gumbo with chunks of gator sausage and chicken was the main thing that I was craving. It proved to be a spicy and satisfying delight; although the only flaws I could give was that it had a bit too much rice towards the end, and the steel serving trays that the food is heated in made it a touch overcooked. 
Despite that one oversight the menu that touted a wonderful selection of traditional Cajun creole cuisine and appetizing sandwiches, and the warm customer service makes it a perfect spot to visit when you have time to kill before grabbing a train.Sadly the grilled cornbread didn't come with my bourbon street breakfast today. It supposedly costs extra now. If that's the case then they should update the menu to reflect this. This is false advertising! :( May 13 update: they still didn't update the sign to reflect the new price of the bourbon street breakfast. )Never having eaten gumbo, or really any Cajun food for that matter, I wasn't exactly sure what I was getting into. I knew Cajun foods were spicy, but aside from that, I really was new to the whole category. And I mean, let's be honest here. Not to knock the place, but I wasn't exactly expecting all that much from food from a train station to begin with. But, I love spicy foods, and food that has a kick, and I hadn't eaten lunch yet, so I was open to try.
That being said... The service was outstanding; being extremely friendly staff, and very confident in their product, they could sense I was a little hesitant deciding what I wanted. So they offered me multiple free samples to get a taste of what I would want, and boy, was I sold. I got their deal of three things (one main dish and two side dishes), consisting of the spicy chicken Alfredo as my main, and the Gator on a Stick and the Gator Gumbo as my two sides.
Above all else when it comes to food, I consider myself a carnivore, always willing to try different meats prepared all different ways (like kangaroo, for example...very tasty). Now, I don't know if it's literally alligator sausage (though I believe there was a sign that mentioned there was also pork in it) or if it was just their way of playfully naming some Cajun sausage, but it was very tasty. Alligator or not, I don't care. Them's good eats.
Next up, I decided to try the spicy chicken Alfredo. I'm a big chicken Alfredo fan and this did not disappoint in the least. Cooked to perfection and with an amazing kick, I can honestly say it's probably one of the best chicken Alfredo dishes I've ever had. It surprises me to say, since I've had a lot of chicken Alfredo, but I can't remember a time when I enjoyed this dish this much.
And finally, I decided to close out with the Gator Gumbo. Keeping in mind that I had never eaten gumbo prior to this... It is important that I tell you that gumbo is now one of my favorite things to eat. Beck's Cajun Cafe turned me on to gumbo, and in a significant way. It was so delicious, I couldn't believe I had never eaten it before. As I was eating it, I began regretting that I hadn't gotten the gumbo as my main dish. And that's not putting down the chicken Alfredo, that's just a testament to how good the Gator Gumbo was. In fact, if I had a time machine, and was only able to use it ONCE, and I could go back to ANY point in ALL of time, I would have gone back ten minutes to order the gumbo as my main dish. And I am being serious.
Finally, to top it off, harking back to the incredible service, they gave me a little sample of their bread pudding. I had never tried bread pudding before, either, and wow. A great way to cap off an amazing meal.
In summation, if all I could give it was three words, they would have to be "Wow. Just 'wow'." (That's sort of technically two words, but you get what I'm saying.) The service was amazing, the food was incredible, and I just hope I find myself at the train station again some time soon. Because I'm in need of some more of their game-changing Gator Gumbo.I'm much happier now that they got rid of that guy who tried to charge extra for cornbread in the Bourbon Street Breakfast. Today I tried the Shrimp 'n' Egg PoBoy. The nice lady behind the counter praised the sandwich to no end. With such high expectations, how could Beck's possible meet them? Well, they did and they even exceeded my expectations. It's a beautiful sandwich with a great roll, lots of scrambled eggs, and four medium to large fried shrimp. A spicy mayo sauce adds to the wonderful flavors. The lady was right. It was great! She touted Beck's as the only place in the train station that serves real food, which is quite possibly true. All of the other places are fast food places with the exception of the Asian buffet across from Beck's, but the buffet is mediocre at best.