If you work at HUP or UPenn, chances are you've visited Beijing. I don't understand the allure. I'd rather work a 12-hour shift on my busy oncology floor than eat here again. The food is greasy and has to be laced with a healthy dose of MSG. The flavors are mediocre and nothing on the menu stands out. The stale smell of cooking oil overwhelms the restaurant, making it hard for your taste buds to actually do their job. At least they allow you to substitute brown rice with no hefty charge. This is hardly the place to find "authentic chinese" fare. If you're a poor college kid/med student/grad student I won't hold it against you. If you can afford it, treat yourself to something classier.Four words: Best hot sauce ever! It's flavorful, not too spicy, and simply delicious. If I was on death row, my last meal would be rice and beijing hot sauce. What a way to go out.
On to the details... Trust me, I'm ranked as one of the all time spenders at this jawn. Beijing has a huge menu but you gotta stick to the few dishes that they do well. And by do well, I mean do better than most of the restaurants even in Chinatown (and I live there). 
1. Grandfather Chicken- Imagine your typical General Tso's but crunchier, tastier, and simply better.
2. Beef with black bean sauce over pan fried (or flat rice) noodles- their pan fried noodles are actually crunchy. add the black bean sauce and of course the beijing hot sauce 
3. Shrimp with walnut- not recommended as your sole dish but something to share along with your grandfather
4. Chicken with string beans- one of their more healthy options
5. Chicken with eggplant- def heavier than string beans but sometimes you're in the mood for some canned eggplant right?
Rotate these four dishes and you'll quickly realize why Beijing is a 5-star restaurant.
Also if you're a student with an exam and don't have time for food. Delivery is always really fast. Personally I'm a fan of the shrimp fried rice to go. They have small containers of the hot sauce for delivery too.My BF is a UPENN alumni, and he said that Beijing Restaurant is filled with college memories. So, while in town, we had to stop for him to reminisce, and grab a bite to see if it's still as good as it used to be.
The Grandfather Chicken was his all time favorite. It's a dish he would drool over back in his college days. It's actually a General Tso's Chicken with a fancier name.
After a bite into it, he realized that it didn't taste as good as it used to be. It just has been way too many years, so he has a whole other level of taste for food now.
I can honestly say that I've had better General tso's in Colorado! Perhaps, even better in my hometown, Elk Grove!Recommend: 
-Szechuan Dry Pot Style (Chicken or Fish) -- delicious, but spicy, beware! 
-Chili Wontons--really, really good (not that spicy, a lot of flavor) 
-Mung-bean Noodles (thin chinese clear noodles)
-Fried Shrimp w/ Spicy Salt--(not spicy basically salt and pepper shrimp, tasty!)
-Sesame Chicken--take out style
-honey bbq ribs
-Chicken Satay skewer
-Pork Belly w/ Chengdu Chili Oil & Garlic--(appetizer)
-Eggplant in Black-bean sauce
-Braised beef brisket on rice
etc.
I find that their more traditional "Chinese Take-out" foods don't taste as good as some of the other less mainstream options, as I have listed above. I've literally tried almost everything on their menu by now.I came here with some friends for Saturday lunch, and they gave us the lunch combination menu. The food's portions are really large, so if don't feel obliged to finish because you can always take leftovers home. The service was quick and attentive. We were there for probably 40 minutes and I'd say they filled our water glasses at least seven times.
Tri-colored fortune cookies are super cool, haha. Food is pretty standard American-Chinese fare, although you can substitute for 'healthier' options like brown rice, which is a plus. I think this place is mostly here for convenience. If you're looking for more authentic Chinese food, I'd go to Sangkee or Han Dynasty.Best Chinese food in West philly. You cannot got wrong with this place. Everything is good!The food is so mediocre but I can't give this place any less than 3 stars because the staff is always friendly and accommodating.
I came here for an easy BYO with 30 other friends on a Friday night, and they accommodated  us easily, and we encountered no problems. They put us in the back room of the restaurant at a long table, so of course it was hard to talk to everyone, but that's to be expected. They also give you coupons if you pay in cash!
The food is so terrible though :( At my BYO I ordered General Tsao's chicken, which I was expecting to be terrible American Chinese food anyway...but it was so much worse than the worst I was expecting. The week afterwards, I used the coupon they gave me for paying in cash to order take out, and ordered scallion pancakes and chicken rice noodles. Both were greasy, bland, and salty all at once. Terrible food experience, probably wouldn't come unless I were really desperate or needed a BYO place for a large group!
They do give you a huge portion though, so you get a lot of bang for your buck, at least.This place is a normal, low-quality Chinese place.  The spinach and tofu was OK, though a little salty.  
Don't get a salad.  The dressing is drenched in sugar.   I was a little irritated when the water asked me, after taking one bite of my salad and pushing it away, why I didn't like it.  He took it away but still charged me for it.  I didn't feel like arguing over $3, but it was still annoying.Very disappointed with my food. Ordered a delivery of chicken in Sichuan sauce. It was completely lacking any flavor. I had looked up the ratings before ordering but was disappointed with my choice.One dish- eggplant chicken!  I'd come back for this anytimeeeee.  I've tried other places and still can't compare to Beijing's.  There's definitely a lot more to try.  Everything is just so good!Too salty and greasy, Beijing dishes follow the Chinese take-out food archetype in America. That being said, their dry pepper style chicken dish is a guilty pleasure of mine. The size makes up for the low quality of the dish. Getting food to-go here is quick and efficient. Beijing is great for when I'm in a rush with no cash on hand. 
**Stay away from their powder-based bubble tea!Average chinese food with an above average price point. Server kept asking me to pay even though I was not even half-way done. C'mon guys, there are like 20 more tables ... stop giving me indigestion. The ice water, I mean cold tap water, smells really... tappy... couldn't even drink it. 
Stick to take out.Beijing does an excellent job with event catering; I have used them several times for work events. Ordering is a breeze, they are always on time with delivery, and they even insist(!) upon setting up the food. Most importantly, the food is very good. I get nervous trying to please everyone when feeding 25-50 people, but I've received numerous compliments on the food and most times people go for second or third helpings. 
*My personal favorite are the chicken pan seared dumplings.Food is pretty decent.  I tried the pan fried noodle, grandfather chicken, and the wonton soup.  The pan fried noodle with black bean sauce was delicious! I thought it was going to be like a Thai noodle dish, but the noodles were crunchy.  I let the sauce and meat sit on the noodle for awhile so that the flavor could sink into the noodle.  The grandfather chicken was okay.  An average Chinese dish that you might find at any other Chinese restaurant.  the wonton soup was pretty average too.  There was way too much vegetables and way too little soup that the name should be changed to wonton plate not wonton soup.
For the food I would have given it four stars; however, I was very creeped out by the service... Two waitors were standing a few feet away from our table and were watching us the entire time.  The moment I finished a plate, I saw a hand come down to take the plate.  The service was nice because they were quick but I felt very uncomfortable knowing that in the corner of my eyes they were watching our every move.This Chinese food is the best in the city! My husband and I drive from northeast philly to go here once a week! I highly recommend this place! Quite the little gem!Cheap. Quick. I guess that's all you need for a Chinese spot near campus? The food is just meh.Try the sweet and sour chicken. Usually my least favorite dish, but here it's my favorite! Nicely sized chunks of real chicken breast fried crunchy with a lovely tangy sweet sauce and pieces of fruit. 
I only came here because a friend recommended it and although the ambiance isn't exactly 'date night' the food is well worth it. Very goodThis place is a hidden gem! We stumbled upon it when my grandfather was in the hospital at Penn and have since gone back many many times. The food is fresh and healthy. We normally order off of the health menu- my husband gets the pad thai and I order the steamed salmon on apinach. Both are excellent dishes. We also love the waitstaff.I got the Kung Po Chicken and unknown, hard, sticky things got stuck in my molars. It was an odd chewing experience. The flavor is also quite bland. *sigh*I usually don't post yelp reviews for fear of turning into the characters from South Park but this place needs it. I just moved to west philly and this place came highly recommended by not one but two people when asking about a good Chinese place that you will not get shot at (there was a shooting right outside of my apartment five minutes before moving in so no, I am not being paranoid). So we ordered online for a pick up. Spent close to 40 dollars for Chinese food. 40 dollars of Chinese food should get you A LOT of Chinese food!!! We got two "dinners", had to pay extra for wonton soup. The "dinners" came with broccoli which was barely any. For 40 dollars we did not get any lo mein, no egg rolls. We got a few fortune cookies. Both meals were general tso (chicken and shrimp). Neither was spicy. Usually tsos has actual peppers mixed in. This nothing. This place is way too expensive for very little and low quality food... but we didn't get shot picking it up. I was told by a long time resident of west Philly NOT to go to the typical corner Chinese stores. I bet they have better Chinese food, maybe it's worth getting shot over.I don't know how this place only has 3 stars. The food is so fresh and tasty.  We enjoy ordering from their health section, particularly the salmon on spinach. The waiters are also very nice. I've tried many Chinese restaurants. This is by far the best.I go here at minimum once per week, for the lunch special (which is slightly more affordable).  I don't like the food.  Why do I go?  The ambience.  I like sitting in the window with friends, watching people we know pass on Spruce (people act so odd when they think nobody is watching), and, MOST IMPORTANTLY, I go to recover from a hangover.
The food isn't great.  It's overpriced.  But the service is so fast that I just keep on coming back.  If Won had a window, everything would be different.
PS It IS a BYOI would absolutely go back again. Had ordered the black bean sauce with chicken and fried rice and it was delicious.Right, so as a former Penn undergrad who spent his first year living literally adjacent to Beijing, the place acquired a certain aura of indisputable awesomeness that I never questioned. Let's just chalk it up to drunk munchies, I guess. 
However, I can't say the same today. I went with some friends over Memorial Day weekend as part of a mini reunion/nostalgia fest. We were all so excited to return to one of our major freshman year stomping grounds, but then the food happened. Well, actually, the bubble tea happened first. Thai tea should never taste like that. Bubble House, may it rest in peace, would never have stood for such a travesty.
The food itself (Szechuan Chicken, in my case) was passable, though I couldn't help but admit that there are any number of places in the city where much better versions can be had at the same (or lower) price point. And my request for "extra, extra, extra spicy" was, of course, summarily ignored. But that happens everywhere...perils of being a white boy who looks like he can't handle his capsaicin. All in all, the experience was unremarkable, which was, in itself, surprising and disappointing. I kind of wish I hadn't gone back so it would still be on its lofty pedestal in the rose-colored glasses of hindsight.I've only eaten here once and I will not be coming back anytime soon if ever.  
Came in randomly with a friend for lunch.  Were seated at a table where you are offered free tea.  Looked at the menu and saw that alot of "chinese takeout items i had been accustomed to were not offered.  Asked with they could substitute chicken for tofu in the general tso's ( which was not on the menu)  waitress came back and said no problem.  
Food came out pretty quick but was really a letdown.  It was clear that I had made a mistake.  The tofu was soggy, and by what I could gather they had attempted to bread it but since the tofu was still engulfed with water, the egg/breading did not stick and it had formed a very unappetizing glob that was falling off the tofu.  The general tso's sauce was just not that at all, barely a hint of sweetness and no heat, the soy was overpowering. My best guess is that they had probably just taken some tofu they were preparing as tofu with soy sauce( which was an app) and re-purposed it.  Either way it was the worst Chinese meal i had in recent memory.
I do give them a second star for trying, but it was an epic fail, wont be coming backThe food i had here was horrible. The shrimp and broccoli  was watery and my vegetable dumplings  was burnt. I was pissed off due to the fact that i paid darn near twenty  bucks for crap. I dont know if it was an off night or what. They could have done better! or atleast tried too. Ill rather eat food from one of the Chinese food trucks outside then here.Beijing is really underrated. It's byob and it's simple quick Chinese food. You can takeout or eat with a group of people. It's your typical Chinese food but friend rice lo mean that chow fun is pretty good and the portions are large as opposed to other places. Staff are friendly and quick as well. They also have bubble tea here which is nicdAs far as Chinese food goes near UPenn, this place is probably as good as it gets for reasonable prices.  The service is quick and dry, you can go in solo without looking too pathetic, and the complimentary tea (I'm assuming it's some variety of oolong) is usually hot (and not lukewarm), which is admittedly a plus.
I've ordered both take-out and eat-in.  I've often gotten the lunch special which goes for $6.95 dine-in and $5.95 take-out.  The fried rice is dry and veggie-only for the lunch special, but if you order it a la carte it looks tastier (the rice looks less parched and more freshly prepared rather than desiccated from sitting out too long in a giant stainless steel tub).  I haven't ordered the fried rice a la carte, though, so you should probably share an order with a friend for dinner.  The lunch special can also come with brown rice which I haven't tried yet.  
I recommend the following dishes:
1) Eggplant in garlic sauce with chicken
2) Shrimp egg foo-young
3) Pan-fried noodles (veggie or chicken - the beef brisket has a strange after-taste and can get stuck in your teeth).
Do not get the sesame chicken - it looks artificially orange (and not the burnt orange color one would normally associate with the dish).  It is also too sweet for my tastes.  The duck noodle soup is decent, but nothing special, and something I'd probably get if the season were winter.
I will give two grades (one for service, one for taste):
Service: B
Taste: B-
This was my first review, so please let me know if any additional information is needed.I ordered delivery for lunch and had the duck noodle soup with egg noodles. The meat was skimpy and everything else was on the higher end of mediocre. I was parched afterwards and only felt normal after three tall glasses of water. Too salty! However, my boss loves this restaurant though because they can accommodate gluten sensitivity. And my intern loves this place because it's a BYOB right on campus.My friend and I went for our lunch and was blown away by the dishes.  Staff recommends Chengdu dishes so we had 3 different ones and all of them were excellent.  As both of us love to go out to eat, we were so happy that we decided to try this restaurant.  I highly recommend it and will be returning soon with more of my friends.I've eaten at Beijing a couple times, and am not blown away, but do enjoy their food. Service was fast and speedy; and we were in and out without a fuss. 
Nothing is fancy about this restaurant. You're basically sitting in a plastic booth or a hard wood chair; most likely leaning against the glass window. The menus are basic, and so is the food. 
I would go again, because the price is right, and I've left satisfied. Nothing to write home about, though.AMAZING FOOD the most delicious Chinese food, or any food for that matter, that I've ever had in my life! All of their ingredients and sides are so fresh and yummy & they bring out the food so fast! Every meal is served with complementary oolong tea & it is to die for! The employees are very friendly & the restaurant is kept very clean and sanitary. It's also located in a nice part of town. If you're looking for a place to grab a bite (or eat every meal for the rest of your life) this is definitely it!I went here with friends a few weeks ago and the food and atmosphere were great! My favorite dishes were the dumplings in Chengdu chili oil and the walnut shrimp in cream sauce. The owner, Alex, even took time out of his busy Friday night schedule to explain the history behind some of the dishes we ordered. I recommend this place if you are looking for authentic Chinese food and a friendly atmosphere!This place is wonderful! I eat a lot of Chinese food and it's been so long since I've had a really good Chinese meal. I'm vegan and they have a extensive menu. I ordered the vegetarian spring roll and vegetables with miso ginger sauce with tofu steamed. Each bite was outstanding! The waitstaff was attentive and I love free tea. My friend had wonton soup and salmon over spinach. Loved their dishes as well! The chop sticks were even top notch.The location is great, the prices are reasonable, and the dishes perfect renditions of Americanized Chinese food - with the option to order to taste and authenticity.  I really liked the eggplant with garlic sauce which is more of a home-style, sauteed casserole rather than the sugar-laden and over-greased versions found at your typical takeout place.  The scallion pancakes here are super crispy, too.  The miso ginger vegetables were solid, with a light, creamy sauce, and fresh, crisp vegetables.  The portions were HUGE so you will definitely have leftovers.  Most entrees are around $10, and will be enough for 2 meals.  Service is great, as well!Philly has great authentic Chinese in its Chinatown, and also along Washington Ave. in South Philly; outside of these two areas, it's mostly a desert of abysmal, Chinese-American fast food.  This place is one of the few exceptions I've found.
There's all the standard Chinese-American fare...but there's a fair amount of slightly more authentic Chinese food as well...noodle soups and other noodle dishes, which are fairly well-executed (although, compared with Chinatown's offerings, they do fall short a bit).
This place has a sit-down atmosphere and some of the tables look out on the street, but it's not the best view.  You get to see some of the worst of the institutional part of Penn architecture.  If you love 70's architecture, you'll feel comforted and at home sitting in a booth here looking out on the street, with its big, foreboding structures.
Convenient location.  I found service here to be very good as well. Reasonable prices.  I would definitely go back.Worst  restaurant I've ever been to. Treated with so much disrespect. My friend and I ordered our food and her food had hair in it. When we told them, they kept asking, "Is it yours?" When she got back a new order, only the rice was changed, even her half bitten pork chop was still there along with the same fork we sent back with the strand of hair. We didn't tip, obviously, considering the quality of the food and the way we were served, and they said, "No tip?" She said, "Well, no, there was hair in our food" and they said "Okay." Never, ever going back. The lo mein that I myself had ordered was disgusting and was charged $9 bucks for greasy noodles."Four score and unknown years ago, a random grandfather brought forth on this great college campus, a new dish, conceived in a haze of MSG, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are equally deserving of greasy Americanized Chinese food."
Thanks, Abe. Without you, generations since would not have had the freedom to enjoy such paradigm-shifting culinary masterpieces as Grandfather Chicken. I salute you.
------------------------------
Disclaimer: My review may be extremely biased to the positive as I had frequented Beijing at least once a week for all four years I attended college. My fond memories of the restaurant may have impaired my ability to impartially judge the quality of the food. Notwithstanding, I can give no less than five stars to the fine establishment that fed me during my formative years.I really don't understand how this place does so much business. When you enter the restaurant, they are not friendly whatsoever. I have given this restaurant three chances. My first experience I ordered a shrimp fried rice and it was horrible to say the least, the rice was not completely fried. There were still sections of white rice and the vegetables were hard in a freeze dried kind of way.  Second, I ordered Lo Mein and the noodles were not cooked thoroughly and had no flavor. I had to add soy sauce to my Lo Mein and I NEVER add soy sauce to any of my Chinese dishes. The third time was it for me. I purchased a Shrimp Yat dish and Yat has a corn-starch based sauce which makes it the consistency of gravy. Their version of Yat resembled bag of Top Ramen with less flavor.I LOVE Beijing!!!! My favorite dishes are Grandfather Chicken, Duck noodle soupe, Chicken with Eggplant in garlic sauce, braised beef belly over flat wide noodles, pan fried chicken dumpling... my list can go on. I think I've tried almost everything on the menu. The delivery is super fast and so convenient. My coworkers and I get delivery at least once a week from Beijing!My order took 55 minutes to get here. I'm only 6 blocks away, and regret not walking over. The food is overpriced, even more expensive than downtown prices. They messed up my girlfriend's order. Taste is okay, but it would have been faster to drive to Chinatown and grab dinner than ordering from here.People on Penn's campus don't know how good they have it. I'm in Denver, CO now, and it's been very difficult to find a Kung Pao Chicken that holds a candle to what I had at Beijing. When it comes to Americanized Chinese food, Beijing is in the top of it's class.Heyyyy...they didn't even give me soy sauce, when I asked if sauces were in the bag for my to go order.  I ordered Veggie mei fun, but where were the friggin veggies. Broccoli, mushroom, snow peas and I asked for onion.  No carrots, bean sprouts, or peppers.  Mostly noodles and i hate mei fun full of noodles.  I need my veggies.  The snow peas were not whole, just julienne or slivered slices, and not enough of it.  I still have the spring roll, but will edit review later for that.  I also bought a coconut bubble tea, which I absolutely, positively loved...my first bubble tea...Yaaayyyy.  Anyway, I might be willing to try something else and see if im happy later, but until then, im just gonna give them a 2 star.  By the way, the mei fun was on the bland side, no flavor, even when i added soy sauce :-(  If i like spring roll i will prob change review to 3 star...here is the edit, I ate the spring roll, and nothing to rave about & a lil bland too :-
(My co-workers and I order from here roughly 1-2 times a month.  Delivery can be very slow - up to an hour around lunch time.  They do allow you to substitute brown rice, which is always a bonus!  My favorite here is the Vegetable Fried Brown Rice add chicken.  It's a good price and the food is tasty.  My co-workers usually get one of the lunch specials - General Tsao's, Kung Pow, or Shrimp and Broccoli - and occasionally we'll share dumplings, egg rolls, or scallion pancakes (I refuse to call it Chinese Pizza - wtf?!).  The lunch specials look loaded with oil, the dumplings are sometimes doughy, and the fried appetizers are extremely oily...  But when you don't feel like leaving the office for lunch, it's a passable alternative.I've been here once, really late at night, and I was happy to find this place still open!
My friend and I had a simple bite that consisted of the spicy egg plant and Kung pao chicken. The eggplant was solid, but I still prefer Han dynasty for Kung pao chicken. 
This place is so close to campus that I'm surprised I haven't been here more. It's not the best tasting for sure, but I think it'll do for a simple sit down lunch or dinner!I've eaten here 3 times and each time, have regretted it so I really should stop letting people convince me to come back.  The hot n sour soup is just all vinegar (and corn starch?) and the egg rolls are pretty flavorless (but at least they aren't the grossest of gross eggrolls with a thick and hard exterior with fake meat on the inside).  The chicken in curry sauce dish is ok.  The beef is absolutely disgusting looking (tried beef and broccoli).  It makes me very scared to eat more than 1 piece.  The general tso's does not taste like the usual sweet and tangy dish and the fried rice is tasteless.  The eggplant in garlic sauce is slimy and too vinegar-y (to the point that the smell makes you think the dish has gone bad).  The lo mein looked totally bland and unappetizing so I didn't ask to try it.  The only good thing was something that was on the dinner menu (squid with pepper and salt).  It's pricey but good.  Gosh, why are there so many bad or mediocre restaurants in W. Philly?Better than food trucks
It's mediocre Chinese
Not great, not awful.
2+ starsHidden gem. Amazing, authentic, healthy cuisine. Love the salmon on spinach with brown rice and also the brown rice noodle. Staff is so nice. A must try!Spent a great deal of time around the Upenn/West Philly area and for some reason this was everyone's idea of Chinese Food. I honestly don't remember how good the food is. I actually think it might've been terrible. In fact I'm pretty sure it gave 67% of us the runs.
However, we will always have fond memories of this place b/c for whatever reason a lot of time was spent here.
Food: D
Nostalgia Factor: A
Fortune Cookies: B-I walked in and paid cash. Since I spent over $20, I got a $2 off coupon for my next visit. I had chicken wings, chicken and broccoli with fried rice and 2 veggie spring rolls. The chicken wings could've used more seasoning but were overall alright. I didn't like the broccoli in the chicken and broccoli. The fried rice was great (I got it without egg). The spring rolls were a let down. I'm bias though because I prefer egg rolls. I'll go back to use the $2 off coupon and get fried rice but after that, I won't be back.This place is the most overrated on Penn's campus.  The fact that it's the closest BYO is convenient, but the food here is absolutely horrific for Chinese food.  Their version of General Tsao's chicken uses questionable pieces of chicken and the sauce is completely off.  I have effectively boycotted this restaurant since freshman year in favor of Evergreen and the delivery options available because they are cheaper and better.  Unless your only goal is to get bombed before a date party, order from somewhere elseIts not bad : 3stars. It just used to be much better. Tho the ribs are still pretty solid.
It must be a Penn gentrification thing, price goes up quality & quantity goes down.I ordered online and live 10 blocks away (I could have walked over) but when they received my order they told me they were going to deliver this once as a courtesy & that they don't usually deliver so far away. 
When the food arrived it was greasy & clearly overpriced for what I received.
Good thing they only delivered this once!Fantastic especially Fried Rice with sour and sweet shrimp.
Their bubble tea is very good as well.This was by far the worst chinese take out I have ever had. The dumplings were undercooked, there were hardly any vegetables in the lo mein, and the general tsos chicken was primarily breading. Worse than any food court chinese food I've ever had. Even the fortune cookies were burnt...Despite seeing the 3 stars reviews on Yelp (which is pretty bad for an Chinese restaurant) I had to go there because of a meeting and the person I met kept telling me how good the food was. 
The food tasted ok. I had an entire fish (for 26$!! that I shared) BUT I GOT SICK 30min LATER, I had to stop on the highway to vomit that same fish after almost passing out from 1h of hot flashes. 
Their food is definitely not fresh AT ALL and overpriced. 
Very low quality food and cooking with high prices. #whaaaat?!Greasy, salty, and generally overpriced American-Chinese food. I've had their noodle bowls, pan-fried noodles, and fried rice. All of it was edible, if not particularly exciting. Did I mention it was greasy and salty? Their Sweet and Sour Chicken is kind of soft and flavorless, like you might find in a microwaved frozen dinner. Not sure why everyone keeps telling me their boba is good, I found it pretty awful and I'm not all that picky about the stuff. Maybe I had it on an off day? I'll give them three stars because a) the service is fast and friendly, b) it's conveniently located for a quick bite, and c) it's BYOB with no corkage fee!I would give this place a solid 4 stars. It has great food and lots of options. I love the tradition of being served hot tea when first seated. I don't come here often but when I can it's always a good dining experience. It can get busy during lunch so get there early. They have a great lunch special as well. Try it out! You won't be disappointed.We love this place.  Excellent food, love the soup.  I had the miso soup, it was excellent!  I also had the tofu with shiitake mushrooms and snow peas.  It also had straw mushrooms and water chestnuts, I really enjoyed it.Authentic Chinese food and excellent service! I would definitely recommend the dry pepper chicken and dumplings in chengdu chili oil!Just ate there 5 mins ago and the food is not even mediocre. The rice was over cooked and hard. The service was 2/5... Even mcdonalds taste better compared to this real "cooking"I ordered lunch from Beijing today. Delivery was very fast, which is always appreciated. 
I got Moo Goo Gai Pan, watercress with garlic, and steamed pork dumplings. The MGGP had decent flavor, nothing spectacular. The veggies tasted pretty good despite things like bamboo shoots and baby corn having probably come from a can. The watercress was a big disappointment. Literally swimming in oil with no added flavor, though adding soy sauce greatly improved it. I liked the dumplings. They had the thin wrappers I prefer(over the thick dough ones) and the filling was flavorful. Not exciting, just tasted like pork. 
Overall I think it's a bit expensive for what you're getting, especially when you include the delivery fee. But it's not the worst Chinese food in the city. Very average, maybe a bit on the below average sideThe food and service were pretty good. However, I have a major problem with the fact that there is one price on the storefront window, another price on the menu, and another price for the same item on the bill. Shady or lazy?  I don't know, but it doesn't sit well with me.If you are an undergrad who wants to go out to eat with 10 other friends, sit at a big table, and get drunk on boxed wine, then Beijing is for you. If you do not fall under this specific grouping, then this really isn't a good place.  
I came here for lunch with a friend. The food was ready in exactly 5 minutes but I felt so rushed by the socially awkward waitress I couldn't even enjoy it (not that there was anything to enjoy though - see below). That said, I slaved away in a restaurant for 4 years, so 9 times out of 10 I'm sympathetic to the server...but this one took it to a whole new level. In addition to asking if we were done with the same plates TWICE, she stood about 6 feet away and blankly stared at us the whole time, waiting to come retrieve her beloved china. I felt like I was on an assembly line. All that said though, this wasn't the reason for the 2 stars...the food was. 
Food:
We shared the sweet and sour chicken and the sesame chicken. The only good thing was the portion size...but I didn't even take advantage of that because the dish was just so sub-par. Aside from the s&s chicken fluorescing bright orange, the sesame sauce was missing the gooey deliciousness that a good version would have. As far as the actual flavors, the sauces weren't bad...though the former was a bit sweet, but not unexpectedly so. The dishes would not have been as horrible if it weren't for the quality of the chicken, which basically had the consistently of fried tofu...it almost seemed hollow. When my friend asked me if my stomach hurt an hour later while in class, all I can remember is replying "wow, there's no way that was chicken." Thank god it was cheap.The food is overpriced, comes in small portions and generally isn't all that good.  It's convenient if you're working late on campus since you can call and pick up by the time you walk there and they're open quite late.  But I actively try to eat dinner a little earlier so I can avoid doing this at all costs.
I give them three stars instead of two because their boba is actually really good and cheap!  I wish they would branch out and make non-milk based teas though (cause passion fruit milk tea isn't so good, but passion fruit black tea would be delicious).
Don't forget, $10 minimum for credit.So this review is ages, even years, late, but it's better than never. This place, OH what I can say about this place. I spent 5 years in Philly for school and work, and I haven't had better fried rice than the fried rice here at Beijing. The best. And I'm from New York. Not only is everything here so fantastically delicious (the fried rice!), but the staff are incredibly welcoming. There's never a long wait, they are attentive without being pushy or overwhelming, and the prices are so reasonable! If the fact that it were a BYO without a corking fee didn't sway you, know that whenever I come back to the Philly/Mainline area for Penn alumni events or work conferences, I ALWAYS make sure I eat here and get fried rice to take home!The best bubble tea in the area, especially the Thai bubble tea. Japanese green bubble tea was very milky but refreshing.I went there for the first time with my landlady and other friends. I had one of the best food so far in Philly. I used to intern at the hospital, but never really came there for lunch. The manager was really kind and polite. We had fried rice, Chengdu Ma Po Tofu, dry pepper style-fish fillet and Chengdu Kung Po style- chicken. Although I am heading back to Indiana, but I would love come back to this restaurant with friends in July.I gave this place a second try after being underwhelmed the first time. Got a general tso's lunch special and it was the worst general tsos I've ever had, and I've had a lot. Maybe this isn't a traditional Chinese dish, but I've never tasted such a bland, not crunchy, seemingly literally watered down huosin sauce tasting Chinese dish in my life. I wish that I could afford to vomit this meal up and go somewhere else, because for the rest of the day I will have a lingering sense of dissatisfaction. The fried rice was bad too! The concept of seasoning food seems to have not occurred to this restaurant. This is the only 1 star review I've ever written. I'm pretty easy to satisfy, but rubbery chicken with watery sauce and fried rice that tastes like nothing inspired me to write this review. I was really hungry too, and I ate all of it because it was my lunch break and also I'm poor. My new life goal is to invent a time travel machine to go back in time so I don't have to have the memory of this dissatisfying experience again. I'm considering getting black-out drunk in the hopes that I will damage the piece of my hippocampus that remembers this meal.Beijing has some nasty, fake, slimy Chinese food. The price is about average, but the food is far below. I'd rather pick up lunch from Yu Kee, the food truck around the corner, or anywhere, really. The only reason I'm giving them two stars (after the gummy, flavorless odd General Tso Tofu I recently received they are luck to get even that) is because you can order brown rice. Which I love. But they will charge you an extra 50 cents for it.It's been almost five years since I graduated from college.  I still think about Beijing's hot & sour soup.  It's simply the best I've ever had and I being able to get it anytime I wanted.  Now I have to cross the river, but it's still worth it when I'm in the mood for soup.  The 5 stars is for the soup alone, everything else there is edible and decent, but nothing to write home about.Being so conveniently located on Penn's campus, the restaurant is a descent option for Chinese food. I've had their shrimp fried rice, pork fried rice, and General Tso's chicken in the past. Personally, I think the food is okay and sadly, overpriced. It works for me because I can eat half of an order and save it for later! An order for the dinner portion of General Tso's was ~$12 and for lunch was ~$9 but fried rice was ~$7. I believe the only thing worth paying for these prices is the restaurant's convenient location. On another note, I've heard so many good things about their bubble tea! I will try it one day!This is your typical Chinese take out place +$5 most likely for rent to have a brick and mortar place at Penn.  Terrible service, forgot my order completely when eating with my group and then got angry when I told them to cancel it because I was on my lunch break at work and it was already 45 mins into my hour.  Bubble tea was also hot garbage.  Don't pay their rent for them, do yourself a favor and go order from the carts during the lunch rush save yourself the $5 extra and put it towards splurging in Chinatown when you have the free time and get real Chinese.Great food, Fast service at Reasonable price
This place is my favorite spot for a quick lunch.
The bubble tea here is not the best but it's far way better than Sankee Sheraton.This is a pretty good chinese food joint, but nothing out-of-this world. Its pretty cheap, and caters mostly to the Penn crowd.
I got the vegetarian soup, which was pretty mild and bland, but still good.
We had a custom order, which Beijing accommodated us very well. We got the spicy schezuan style chow fun noodles, but with tofu. It was really good, but pretty salty. We also had a chinese brocoli in garlic sauce, which was really fantastic.
Pretty good/mediocre chinese-american food. BYO, so bring your own and make it better! :-)LOVE the speedy delivery service. I am pretty much guaranteed to be fed in 20 minutes. Of course I timed it so I call right before the lunch hour rush. My coworkers do Beijing at least once a week and take advantage of this service on a hot and humid day, a rainy day or a super busy day at work.
Also, in the summertime if you have a sit down dinner before 6pm, you get a FREE appetizer or soup!!!!Let me start off by saying that I LOVE Beijing.  They offer up a great selection of 'american chinese food.'   Contrary to what many other reviewers claim, this is not your run of the mill, greasy, msg-loaded chinese food.  They use extremely fresh vegetables and tofu in their cooking, and the food never glistens with grease. (though I've heard their meat isn't of the same quality  [I'm vegetarian so I can't say for sure]).  The staff are generally helpful and nice, with a few exceptions - all in all they run a very tight ship with prompt service and great food.  The only thing preventing them from getting 5 stars is their high pricing.I've found the Kung Pao Chicken legendary. A savory blend of sweet and spicy peanut chicken goodness. The food is very high quality and consistent.I got an insect in my dish today. Very unhappy. When I talked to the manager, he talked down to me and said it happens "all the time in nature". I'm never coming back and no one else should.Solid and hearty are two words I would use to describe the food at Beijing. It's not fancy, but the ingredients are wholesome and the dishes are honestly cooked. I like that the meat & fish served at Beijing are always quality cuts -- there has never been any "mystery meat" or meat of questionable quality used in any of the dishes during the 4+ years I've eaten here. Another perk if you eat at the restaurant is that the dishes are always served piping hot and fresh off the stove. There are even a few pleasant surprises -- well-executed items that you'd expect to find at a fancier restaurant. One of my favorites is the salmon and tofu hot pot (三文魚豆腐煲), which has tender, bite-size cuts of salmon breaded and lightly fried, then cooked with bamboo, ginger, and mushrooms in a stewy, richly flavored sauce. It's a solid, one-dish dinner that I'd rate 4.5/5 for authenticity. Their other hot pots are good also (there's a whole section of the menu dedicated to them), and are best eaten at the restaurant rather than for takeout. Their beef chow fun (乾炒牛河) is excellent -- the large, flat noodles are consistently well-cooked and separate easily, rather than being mushy and stuck together like they are at most places. As is usual with most casual Chinese places, I find their Americanized-Chinese fare unimpressive (the stuff you'd normally find on a cheap take-out menu); I'd definitely skip the wonton soup and lo mein, unless if you have a fetish for those particular dishes, and their bubble tea is pretty atrocious, although their lightly-fried, thin-skinned spring rolls are refreshing. Overall, a solid Chinese staple in University City that consistently cooks its dishes with good-quality ingredients; one that I'd heartily recommend for a solid lunch or dinner, despite the dismissive attitude some locals have towards it.