Best donut I've ever had and the line moves pretty quick. I'm never going back to Dunkin' Donuts ever again. Can't wait to check out the new location on university city. My personal fave is the blueberry fritter and the strawberry glazed. Can't beat that fresh strawberry filling.We were in Reading Terminal Market and saw the line which got our attention. We got 6 different donuts and was utterly underwhelmed.  I thought the icings and fillings were decent but the dough just wasn't that good to me - I thought it was too dry.  I prefer the donuts at Federal Donuts and Dough (NY).Was referred to Beiler's by my Lyft driver when asking who has the best donuts in town. I was thoroughly impressed. Went to the Terminal Market for shopping and lunch and then stopped by for dessert. Got a half-dozen to take home. I loved the peanut butter jelly donut, the apple fritter and the maple bacon. All were fresh and delicious. I'll more than likely get some every weekend I'm at the market. Thanks for the delicious yummy donuts!! See ya soon!Amazing is the only way I know how to describe these little bits of heaven...oh wait, I just described them another way. There is nothing like a fresh, peanut butter cream filled, chocolate covered donut, and they take the cake. stand right there and watch them make them, it doesn't get any fresher.Amazing Donuts. Knowing they are made fresh on premises makes them even better. Watching them getting made is fun while you wait. The selection is huge and everything looks and tastes amazing.Amazing, just superb. Waiting in line here is like the last week before Christmas, feels like it goes on forever when all you want is that sweet payoff! Unlike that reindeer and snowman sweater your grandmom gave you for Christmas, this is the winner every time. The blueberry, ahhhhh!! The apple choices, amaaazing, the key lime was spectacular, the Oreo-- wife's fav is something to dream about. And just like Christmas it's all gone before you know it and the waiting begins, only I don't have to wait till December!!So I was in Reading Terminal Market....wandering around aimlessly when I saw an Amish bakery.  I ordered the shoofly and pumpkin pie and then headed off to NY to visit my pops, bro and my Hannibal.  Shoofly pie was ok for shoofly pie I guess.  Not overly sweet like everyone said it would be.  I'm not a fan of sweet sweet.  I guess if shoofly pie was good it would be sold everywhere but it isn't. Now pumpkin pie I am an expert in so I buy in everywhere.  I wasn't impressed.  My homemade pumpkin is better and I'm not a fan of my own.   I haven't had a really good pumpking pie in a long time however.  : (Stopped by Reading Market and tried Beiler's donut.  Wow best donutes I've ever had.  Made my taste buds to back flips, jumping jacks and cartwheels.  I'm not a big donut guy but these ones were great.  Had the Oreo creams filled the creme filled and the powder donut.  The texture of the donuts is perfectly made and is a dynamite of goodness exploding in your mouthWas so surprised with the long queue, but it was worth the wait. Amazing varieties...delicious yummy donuts!The donuts are thee best. However, I didn't care to much for the apple cider donut. It taste bland a and not a hint of cider. My children loved the M&m and S'mores. The fruity pebbles was a eye catching, when people noticed it in my box. My favorite is the glazed.I've been to Reading Terminal many times, but for some reason, I'd never seen this place until yesterday. OMG! Absolutely amazing donuts... and they're super cheap! I had the sea salt & caramel donut and just about died. 
This will definitely be a must-stop place when I visit Reading Terminal in the future.Both the donut shop and the bakery are A1. I normally get the lemon cake and the chocolate donuts. They are the best!I took a bite of my first Beiler's donut just now, and I swear I hear Angels singing! They are simply incredible!Left something to be desired.
We saw the reviews and maybe set our expectations too high. We came in towards the end of the day around 5:30 and ordered 3 donuts. They weren't fresh and hot and were kind of mushy. I was a little let down to be honest which I hate to say about donut places. My advice would be to come in earlier in the day.I just had a key lime donut from this place at a conference. Holy. Fucking. Shit. Balls. 
The donut part is fried (SHOCKER I know) to provide a texture I'm unfamiliar with being from NY. By "from NY" I mean, my donut experience thus far has been exclusive to Dunkin' Donuts. Not that that has anything to do with NY. 
The cream part is light and fluffy but the perfect richness. Less like Boston-creme-custard consistency and more like cupcake icing. The key lime flavor was exquisite. Not too sweet, and tangy without being too tangy. I need more adjectives in my vocabulary to do its description justice. 
It actually made me consider locking myself in my apartment and just eating donuts all day without worrying about my BMI. these donuts actually made that a viable option. Too bad Taco Bell doesn't deliverI'm in love. these donuts are heaven. no other donut compares. salted caramel and glazed.. will be visiting again tommI got some donuts from here recently and this place is awesome!! If you are a fan of donuts, you need to come here. If you are not a fan of donuts, come here and it will change your mind. Easily one of the best places in Reading Terminal, which is saying a lot because it is filled with awesome places. It is run by an Amish family so you know it tastes good. The donuts are different from Fed Nuts but just as good. We got a few classics but my favorite was the Elvis which was a marshmallow filled donuts topped with peanut butter and bacon. 
Definitely save some room for donuts on your trip to Reading but if it is the weekend be prepared for a line because it is one of the most popular places in there but very much worth the waitA.MA.ZING!!!!!!! Best donuts I've ever had! Delicious soooo worth the long line! Plus they are not expensive AT ALL!! Federal Donuts is another well known donut place in Philly, Beiler's is 10 times better than Federal!!  
Beiler's donuts are worth every single calorie!Love this place for donuts! Haven't had a Beiler's donut I don't like! The line tends to be very long but it does move quickly. Definitely worth checking out!I am a huge donut fan and immediately seek out donuts in every place I visit so of course had to try out the infamous Beilers. The line was long but moved very fast.  I loved the friendly service and appreciate that they don't make you feel rushed when selecting your donuts. 
Overall these are beautiful hand cut old fashioned donuts that come in both cake and yeasts variety. There is something for everyone here! Some of the filled ones we tried were almost too decedent and sweet but that could be personal preference. My favorite were the simple chocolate glazed and the pumpkin cake donut was delicious as well. 
 A wonderful treat for cheat day and definitely worlds above any of those chain places to get donuts!Talk about donut heaven....Bielers has to be one of the best donuts we ever had.  They certainly know what they're doing over here and anyone who visits Philly should make it a priority to stop by.I love Amish Chocolate Chip Cookies... IDK what they do but they make the best cookies ever!   There are so many desserts that look good here.  It is hard to make a choice of what to get! Another reviewer mentione their Carrot Cake which I will have to try next time! I love Carrot Cake!OMG!  These are the best donuts ever!  These donuts truly melt in your mouth.  They have ample filling inside that make it through the entire donut! (You know what I mean!)You will have to wait in line, but it moves quickly and it is ever so worth it!  I have never tasted a donut so good!  My fav - the classic cream donut!Next time I'm in Pennsylvania I'm taking a tour of the Amish territory so I can try to figure out what they are doing to make everything taste so good.  I could spend a week in Philly working my way down the shelves in the display cases, sampling all of the generously portioned goodies.  I highly recommend the breads - particularly pumpkin and ginger.  There is no better bakery as far as I'm concerned.  Nom nom nom nom nom!I bet the Amish totally pour their frustrations with sex and inability to own an iPhone into their baked goods because man, their pastries just ooze sin.
Like the chocolate and pumpkin whoopie pies that are sweet, soft, and plump, and squirt white goo when you squeeze them too hard. Mmm....Definitely don't mind putting this in my mouth.
Cookies are also warm and tender, like a prostitute with a heart of gold. I am so glad I don't live in Philly because I'd probably bankrupt myself on this sin--I mean, stuff.After spending some time in Philly, I've become quite addicted to the cheesesteak and other sandwiches that involve delicious, fluffy, yummy, bread rolls.  Unfortunately, living in CC, it's almost impossible to find a place that sells decent rolls in the city.  Note: PLEASE CORRECT ME IF I'M WRONG!! I would love to buy rolls close to Penn Center (and no, I don't have a car so the Italian market isn't that convenient for me).  Low and behold, after some Googling, I found out that Beiler's in Reading Terminal might have the answer.  I showed up at 5:15 PM after my haircut at Kevin's Salon (I'll save that review for another day), and they were packing up.  Incredibly enough, they still had a line.  When it was my turn, I asked the gentleman behind the counter for sandwich rolls.  I was offered several different kinds, including buns, baguettes, and traditional club rolls.  Everything cost $2!  I picked up the club rolls for the sausage sandwiches that I had in mind and promptly returned home to get my cook on.  The results: ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS.  Almost as good as Amoroso's.  In a pinch for 2 bucks? DONE.  I highly recommend.The donuts are the bomb!  The line was long but moved fast.  Worth the wait.This is a great place to go for a quick donut treat. They make these by hand right in front of you and they are among the best I have tasted. I limit my five star ratings to the best.
When we went you could share on social media any photo of anything in their store for a free donut if one is all you want.
My wife and I returned here during our stay for a second round!Superb doughnuts.  They're not as light as Krispy Kreme, but they're not as heavy as a Dunkin Donut if I have to compare it to a national chain for a reference.  What makes these doughnuts great are their fillings and flavors, especially anything with apples in it. 
Any of their flavor topped doughnuts has that flavored cream in it.  Example, Key Lime.  Light and fluffly key lime flavored cream injected inside as well as topped.  It's not overly sweet and heavy.  You can taste the tart and sourness from the key lime juice.  The inside of the doughnut is nicely filled.  I'm not talking about just a little bit of cream on the inside, but perhaps almost half of the interior is filled, which is worth its price and time (long lines upwards of waiting 20 minutes can occur because they're that good).  But I'm going to talk about the real winners here and the reason why I'll be a repeat customer.  Apple filling.
I've tried their Caramel Apple, -something else- Apple, and Apple Fritter and dayum, so good.  The apple filling is what makes all these stars.  Huge stars.  Suns.  Yes.  The fresh diced apples is what puts the apple filling over the top.  It's sweet; it has a soft bite; there's a hint of cinnamon.  It's so good.  The caramel icing was rich and deep like how a caramel should be.  The fritter was soft, flakey, and not overly greasy.  
If there's anything to try here, it's any doughnut with the word, "Apple" in it.  Honestly, it can't go wrong.I cannot describe how good these doughnuts are but I will say they are a must every time I am in Philly.   My favorite is the maple bacon with salted caramel coming in at a close second.    Sometimes it is hard to choose at reading market but you can't lose with these delicious doughnutsBeiler's makes donuts with a lot of different fillings and flavors. My friends and I got a dozen of them to try multiple flavors. My favorite of the ones we got were the Elvis donut, Apple Fritter, and the PB&J donuts. The dough at Beiler's is extremely soft, but a little too wet in my opinion. Also, most of the cream used is a whipped, fluffy cream while I prefer a more custard type cream. Their jelly is very good, so any donut containing their jelly is likely to be excellent. I didn't enjoy their fruity pebbles donut, as I thought the chocolate and cereal didn't go well together. 
I like how you can watch them make the donuts while you're in the long line. Prices aren't too bad either at $11 a dozen. Worth a try in Reading Terminal Market!These fresh, soft donuts are the best anywhere!
There's over two dozen different flavors to try like Oreo Creme, Strawberry Creme and Key Lime as well as the standard glazed and chocolate donuts.
The line tends to wax and wane depending on the crowds, but it moves fast and you get to watch them cut the dough, fry it, and fill them while you wait.
Lots of my East Coast friends have been swooning over Dunkin' Donuts moving out to California. But in my opinion, I will never eat another Dunkin' Donut as long as Beiler's is here.Just to put it into perspective, I am a bagel girl all the way...but after reading these reviews about hot piping doughnuts next to my hotel, I couldn't resist!...and thanks yelp, these donuts were heaven!
Definitely get the BOSTON CREAM PIE-SOOO soft and pillowy topped with gooey hot fudge and generous amount of soft cream inside. 
The APPLE FRITTER was one of the best ice ever had! Not too apple-y, tons of cinnamon sugar goodness. LOVED!
The chocolate glazed cake doughnut was really nothing special and the plain glazed wasn't either, so I wouldn't waste stomach space people!
I may come back tomorrow. Not kidding. I am going to get real fat with this place so close by.Unless this is the first review you've read for Beiler's you've already heard this -- but they really are the BEST doughnuts in the world. 
Sweet without being toothache-inducing, rich without being too dense, these flavor packed treats have the perfect balance of dough/cake to filling/topping. They are handmade, fresh, served warm, and cheap. 
You cannot go wrong with any variety but the fritters and the strawberry glazed are the must-tries in my personal opinion. At peak times, there is a line, but it generally moves fast and everyone is in a good mood because they know they're about to get awesome doughnuts.Delicious donut place in Reading!!! My friend recently came to visit Philly and this was a must. We decided to have donuts for dessert after a lunch haha. We ordered 6 donuts for three people, and it was less than $6 for all 6 donuts. Definitely a wallet friendly place for great donuts.
We tried the blueberry fritter, the pumpkin creme, the pumpkin cake, and blueberry creme donuts. Loved the pumpkin flavors for their seasonal donuts. The pumpkin cake was soft and moist. The pumpkin creme had delicious pumpkin cream on top and pumpkin cream in the middle of the donut. It was a bit cream heavy for my own taste, but the cream was rich in pumpkin flavor. The blueberry fritter was so big...I couldn't finish it on my own. This is a must get for blueberry lovers. The blueberry creme was great too! Loving the flavors of each donut at this place. Each donut really is a delight, and I can't wait come back to try more!Wow what can we say - the donut line was 100 people deep - and the wait was worth it.  The donuts have to be eaten fresh- dough was so good and the fillings absolutely plentifully done and delicious.  Best donut I have had in a long time.  Had the peanut butter cream, maple bacon, and the vanilla cream - if I lived here I would eat them every day.Inside the famous Reading Terminal Market. Beiler's Bakery has the best donuts in Philly. Fresh rolled and baked daily. Tons of flavors from traditional glazed and cake to double chocolate cake with sprinkles. Our fav is the blueberry cake.... So GOOD! Very inexpensive with a half dozen for $6 & a dozen for $10. They also have coffee and milk to help wash down all of that deliciousness. Makes for a nice treat for your office or a treat for yourself during your commute. 
During the weekday mornings the lines are usually manageable but during the weekend the lines get crazy. If you have time it's worth the wait. It's defiantly a spot to try and a must for visitors. 
Calories don't count. ;) Enjoy!By far the best donuts I have ever tasted. They make the donuts in front of you. The line is long, but the servers are very quick, you'll get to order basically as soon as you decide what kind you need to try. I need to come her every year!These guys make the best doughnuts you'll ever have in your life.  Imagine if you had an Amish extended family and they spent a day making you delicious fresh homemade doughnuts.  That's what this place is like.
They make yeast doughnuts - they might have had cake doughnuts too, but I only tried their yeast ones.  And they simply make you realize that the ones you've had at Dunkin Donuts your whole life are just cheap processed imitations of what doughnuts are actually supposed to taste like.
Trust me, the line is well worth it.  Get yourself an apple fritter and thank me later.The options are endless. Everyone of these donuts looks to die for and j just want to try each on. I got the maple bacon, maple brown sugar, jelly filled, chocolate frosting, fruity pebbles, and apple pie. Of all of them the jelly filled was my absolute favorite. The donut was soft and warm and the perfect amount of jelly didn't over power the donut but enhance the donut eating experience. I try every donut place I can when I can and this has topped all other donuts I've ever had.The donuts are amazing! They are fresh made and perfectly puffy. They have a variety of flavors and toppings that are sure to please everyone. The icing on the donuts is so light and airy and in addition to the dough, make the donut taste not as heavy as a typical donut.Best donut ever, bar none. The texture is what does it. Perfect combination of soft and flaky. Get any yeast donut with cream filling, especially the peanut butter.
Don't bother with the cake donut. If you want a cake donut, go to federal, but even federal can't top the yeast donuts here.I LOVE donuts and I don't discriminate - cheap, overpriced, whatever the case may be, I will give it a try. If people rave about them, I have to try them. Beiler's donuts are best for their overall value. They actually taste good, they're fresh, and they're not sold for $5 a piece so you can eat as much as you want without going broke, and you can feel better about being a fatty by getting a lot more for sharing! 
Since I was sharing with my diabetic husband and we had to eat the donuts within a day, it was tough only trying a few. We both have different preferences when it comes to flavors so I can safely say we got to try a good range. Cake, dough, chocolatey, fruity, plain and filled, there was honestly not a flavor I disliked. I'm partial to banana pudding, so my fave was their banana cream. You can taste the actual bananas in the filling! The only disappointing part about this visit was that both days I stopped by, they were out of the blueberry fritters everyone was raving about and the wait for a fresh batch was over 2 hours. Sad life. 
Next time we're in Philly, this place will be one of our first stops and I'm grabbing a dozen. Maybe I'll share, maybe I won't.One word.... INCREDIBLE!!! This place has the most amazing pies, pastries, breads, and cinnamon rolls you can imagine. I stumbled on this place while wandering the Reading Terminal market and what a hidden gem!!! The smells of the freshly baking breads and rolls was intoxicating. As a baker myself I am always looking for that fresh homemade taste and man did this place deliver. Their pies are made with real fresh fruit, and I highly recommend the sugar free pies as they are sweet all from the fruit!! For a great morning treat the unfrosted cinnamon rolls are a must!!! Just be sure to eat up these treats quickly as they don't have any preservatives and will turn on you. Can't wait to go back to Philly and try some more or their breads- only wish they shipped so I could enjoy them in AZ!!!Amazing donuts!!! The chocolate mousse one was especially delicious. A must stop if in reading terminal market!This place was on par with my hometown favorite the types of donuts offered were a great variety and the line was delt with at a good pace. Overall I would say definitely make a stop here for their filled donuts are great.While I was waiting in line a lady told me that she buys one of their donuts everyday.  I thought she was a bit crazy until I sunk my teeth into one.  It was the best doughnut I've ever eaten...seriously, ever.  I can't believe it was only $.90.  The next time I go, I am definitely buying a full dozen!!I seriously didn't think there could be doughnuts better than Donut Plant in NYC & Peter Pan in Brooklyn but Beiler's has won me over. We had the caramel apple, banana cream, boston cream, peanut butter chocolate and the double chocolate and each were amazing and utterly delicious. A must have while in Philly! Don't forget to take some home too, if you have enough self control not to eat them all first LOL oh and too boot, they are $9.95 for a dozen!!!!Dream cream. Delicious! The dough on these donuts is light and crispy. Six donuts for six dollars can't be beat, especially when they taste like this!  They are so rich you can cut them in half or even quarters for trying even more variety and still be satisfied. I will probably book hotels near Reading Market on future trips to Philly just to facilitate more Beiler's breakfasts.Super sweet and soft cream filled donuts. Tried the Dream and the Elvis. Both were tasty, but a little too intense. The cake donuts are a little more traditional. They're good, but nothing special. Tried the blueberry cake donut. It was okay.Reading terminal market is crowded.  Beiler's bakery has like the longest line for these really really good donuts.  You have to wait like 45- q hours for being these.   They have all sorts of donuts and they are freshly made.  We got 3 dozens for $29.  Just have to get them.  Who doesn't like donuts.I am not a donut eater but OMG I CAN'T STOP EATING THESE DONUTS! Picked up half a dozen -nice and hot blueberry fritter, Boston creme,  2 maple bacon  and 2 original glazed. Took them home to VA to eat. I immediately regret only getting 6...... planning my trip back. The texture is unique and reminded me of a soft melt in your mouth cake, it's more savory than sweet but still sweet, I will only eat donuts from here!Fresh homemade doughnuts with lots of options! 
They are different from Krispy Kreme doughnuts! 
Beiler's Bakery is better than Krispy Kreme doughnuts because they are homemade doughnuts and offer unique flavors.  I really enjoyed Beiler's apple filled doughnut, Boston creme, double cream (quite popular),  strawberry filled was ok, sea salt caramel was very unique and tasty!  You will need lots of water because they are rich in flavor.Anything with cream is my favorite.  You can buy these donuts on grub hub, too.  I had them delivered to Penn.  I could eat 6 of these donuts in a row.  You'll be shocked at how fresh and chewy the dough is and then that cream filling hits you and your sweet tooth starts doing backflips.  Seasonal donuts like rhubarb etc. are a fun addition for the natives who keep coming back for more.  Why can't they open more shops?  *Hint* *Hint* FAIRMOUNT!Donuts are insane. Please don't tell me how bad that apple fritter is for me because it is everything to me.
Never thought I would say it, but they give Frangelli's a run for their money.Donuts were awesome! I had the apple caramel and the strawberry filled. The dough was fluffy. I would love to come back and try more of their interesting list!These donuts and the lines speak for themselves.  Hands down best donuts you will ever eat, even if you don't care for sweets.  Reading Terminal is close to my office and apartment so I take coworkers, colleagues and out of town guests to Beilers every chance I get and everyone's reaction has been the same!
Unbelievable experience, selection, prices and service.  This is really a one of a kind gem!The BEST donuts in the city. The line is very long and for a reason! The service is good and the product is even better ! The easiest was to validate parking ... purchase a dozen donuts!Wow! I don't love donuts, but the donuts we had with the fillings were delicious! Don't waste your time with the basic donuts like the regular glazed. Instead get ones like the caramel apple or the chocolate peanut butter where you get a truly decadent donut with delicious glaze and dough with the filling to bring things over the top. Also the blueberry fritter was great! Especially with their low pricing, I'm glad I don't live nearby! Would highly recommend!Echoing the other people that have reviewed this place, this is simply one of the best donut places ever, if not the best in Philly. Expect a long line that moves unexpectedly fast especially on weekends and later in the day. The selection is astounding and you're sure to find a flavor combo of your choosing. The overall favorites among my friends are the blueberry and apple fritters, though you really can't go wrong here. Not to mention that it's less than $1/donut and you can order a bunch for a discount. Might as well order two of your favorite to save for later. Haven't tried the other bakery items but I have no doubt they're equally tasty and fresh.It took me a while to try Beiler's. I am a regular at Reading Terminal, but for some reason these donuts just never *looked* that great to me. I had the opportunity to try them for free when they showed up as a treat in my office. Let's just say, kiddos, remember to never judge a book by its cover!
These donuts are fantastic. Seriously, they are so good. I love that Beiler's carries both yeast and cake donuts, and in such great variety. My hands down favorite is the apple fritter, with the blueberry fritter in very close second. These babies are somehow both fluffy and chewy, with just the right amount of glaze, lush with chunks of apple and cinnamon swirl. If you get there when Beiler's is just opening (8am most days), you might be able to get one still warm off of the cooling rack! You will need to find a seat before you start eating it, lest you faint from bliss.
Beiler's is a great option for a unique treat to bring to friends or to the office, and cheaper than other "gourmet" donut options (e.g. Federal Donuts at $20 a dozen). A dozen at Beiler's runs under $9, which makes them all the tastier.I currently live in Phoenix, AZ but originally from the Harrisburg area.  In July, I made a return trip to the Keystone state to visit family.  As a kid I loved going to the West Shore Farmer's Market in Camp Hill, PA.  I visit it every time I go home.  Knowing my love for Farmer's Market's, my brother and nephews insisted we drive to Philly to go to the Reading Terminal Market.  WOW...I'm ready to move to Philly!!!  The Market was awesome.  As we ate our way through it, my last stop was Beiler's.  I figured it must be good because the line was long.  I ordered a Peanut Butter filled doughnut.  It was, hands down, the BEST doughnut I have ever had anywhere.  My only regret...just ordering one!  But next time I'm in Philly, I'll be sure to order a dozen - just for me.I think the innocuous looking glazed doughnut I got from here may have been the best doughnut I've ever had in my life. Yes, I would even say that these are better than both Doughnut Plant and Dough doughnuts. They were warm, soft, chewy, and just sweet enough without being too sugary. I could've easily eaten a dozen myself had I not had plans to eat even more food items immediately after my purchase and subsequent devouring of aforementioned product.
My friend also got an apple fritter. I'm not a big fan of apple pastries, but these were also phenomenal. We both agreed that these were far superior to the doughnuts we had tried from Federal Donuts. 
Philly, you are killing me with your amazing food options. Just stop it.This place reminds me of a sweet small Amish bakery I went to when I was younger - freshly baked coffee cake and sweet apple streudel. It was some of the best cakes I've ever had and I thought I'd never taste anything as fresh and homemade again outside of my mother's own baking. I was wrong. Beiler's Bakery proved me wrong. I ordered the Boston Creme donut. And OH MY GOODNESS I love this place!! Each donut is only $0.95 and if I could, I'd order all of them...to share of course. Belier's definitely beats Dunkin Donuts and Krispe Kreme and Mister Donut (in Taiwan..sorry!) by a mile and more. Their donuts are freshly made - crispy on the outside; warm, soft and fluffy on the inside. They have an assortment of flavors, such as Banana Creme, Harvest Apple, Key Line, and Cinnamon Cream Cheese Sticks, Next time, I think I will go for Apple Cider. Or Blueberry Creme. No wait, Mint. Or okay, I'll just get them all. Problem solved.
Flavor and texture is unique, absolutely delicious. Well-worth the price. The line may be decievingly long but the wait is actually not too bad. They serve you quickly because they have a batch of hand rolled donuts coming right after another. An assortment of flavors to keep you coming back again and again - which I will certainly do! Definitely hitting up this place next time.
*NOTE: Cash-only so be prepared!What an amazing gem this place is! Being an owner of a donut shop in Denver, I know donuts pretty well. These guys know what they are doing, that's for sure. Very many options, fresh made by hand and good quality. Very impressed and my diet will have to go on hold while I'm in Philly this week!Best donuts. I wish they had more options without cream or apple jam. Of those two I would choose cream, the apple jam is too sweet for my taste and doesn't contain much apple!somehow we made it in when the line wasn't too long and got our donuts within 10 minutes! we came back as we were leaving just to check it out and the line wrapped around the back of the stand :(
service is quick and very helpful, and very affordable! we got the blueberry fritter, boston creme, and coffee/mocha filled donuts.  they are very sweet, but I don't know what else you would expect from sugar frosted dough.  the cream in the mocha donut did look a little like it had curdled a little bit (the butter was separating), but it tasted fine.  to our surprise, the blueberry fritter was still warm when we purchased it, and it was so good!  5/5 recommendIt was honestly amazing.  Delicious, freshly baked Amish goods.  We bought a shoefly pie, which we froze and saved for later.  We bought chocolate chip cheesecake & pecan pie by the slice.  Both slices are large enough to serve two.  There is something about the fresh cream and butter because it tasted better than anything I've had recently.  We also bought an Apple Brown Betty. Delicious!  Don't be deceived by the lines.  They move quickly.  
Also, I believe they have two places.  One sells just donuts.  The one we went to sells everything.
Lastly, because they are Amish, they are closed Sunday. Stock up and take some for the road!Definitely not as amazing as I'd expected from the hype, but the donuts are still good. Call me pretentious, but I think places like Federal Donuts taste better, even though their flavor varieties aren't as large as Beiler's and may be a bit more frilly for some people's tastes. IMO there's at least two things true: (1) Beiler's is an long-standing establishment with a deserving good reputation for no-frills, tasty donuts, and (2) they've got a legitimately cool display in Reading Terminal Market where you can see people prepping the donuts and stuffing them with icing. The donuts are also cheap and great for picking a bunch of different ones to bring in a box to a party for guests to sample.BLUEBERRY FRITTER, where have you been all my life? So doughy, soft, warm, and sweet all for just 95 cents!!! You need this, trust me. Just don't try to come on Sundays like I have for the past year or you'll be truly disappointed when you see that they aren't open! The line may seem long, especially when you are packed in like sardines inside Reading Terminal Market, but it moves pretty quick and totally worth it.For a taste of Amish baking, and more than 50 varieties of donuts ranging from the Elvis delight with peanut butter cream topped with banana and bacon to maple cream donuts, salted caramel filled with a delectable caramel cream, and apple fritters - there is something sweet and filling for every taste bud. Voted one of Fodor 's 20 best desserts in the nation, these $.95 donuts are a must when visiting Reading Terminal. The best donuts I have ever had, and will never forget. Most of the cream topped donuts are glazed...or drizzled with glaze. Absolutely sinful, absolutely perfect.Not sure what they hype is with this bakery.  We ordered the glazed donut and it was awful, tasted nothing like a donut and it was soggy and super oily.  However, their Apple donut, and blueberry cake was good.  My advice, stay away from the glazed donuts and try other ones with fillings.Just had a powdered strawberry/raspberry jelly donut and it was really yummy. The texture of the dough was mouth watering. The filling wasn't too sweet and was perfectly spaced. 
I'm definition looking to trying them again if I'm ever in the area, and taking some home for the whole family!Wow just wow! We got the coconut chocolate donut and it was a totally different donut than we have ever eaten! The donut itself felt so lightly cooked and airy, yet crispy, while the icing on the donut wasn't hard but rather melted in your mouth. Icing was also really sweet, I loved it!this place is absolutely amazing. some places can be overrated on yelp, but this is definitely not one of those places. i can't decide if it's hidden or not. a lot of people know about it but there are still a bunch of philly area natives who don't know it exists. pretty much everything i've tried has been absolutely delicious. their prices are reasonable to the point that i sometimes feel like it's a steal (considering how good their stuff is). 
first off, their donuts are absolutely on point, and there hasn't been one i've tried that i disliked. my favorite is the apple fritter! granted, i can't have more than one or two of their donuts, but it's just because i don't have a crazy sweet tooth. 
that being said, their desserts are so so underrated. everyone focuses on the donuts, but their pies, puddings and cakes are some of the best i've ever had. i would even argue that i like these better than their donuts. they aren't too sweet, and you can tell that they use fresh ingredients (i.e. ACTUAL fruit). their banana pudding is too die for! whenever i go to reading, i stop by just to buy a little bit of the banana pudding. i have also had their banana creme pie and coconut pie, which are also so so good.
i've also had some of their pickled and savory stuff. i'm not crazy about their macaroni or potato salads, but i'm a HUGE fan of their seafood medley. even though i'm not crazy about their macaroni and potato salads, i can't ding a star because they are more than five stars when it comes to desserts. 
TLDR; Beiler's is always a go to spot when i stop by Reading Terminal Market. the donuts are awesome BUT don't ignore the puddings, pies and other desserts because they are just as good, if not better.Wow. Every donuts they have melts wonderfully in your mouth. I would avoid the donuts with "exotic" color creams. They taste like artificial sugar that are terribly unbalanced from the deliciously made dough. 
Stick with things like the Boston Cream and Fritters and you won't go wrong. I usually get 3 or 4 boxes a month for my office and they disappear within a couple minutes.
4.5/5 because some of their donuts are clear misses. Everything else lives up to the hype.Their doughnuts are simply amazing. They're very soft yet pleasantly chewy. I really can't make recommendations on specific doughnuts, since all of the sorts I've tried have been wonderful, but I can say that you would need to get there early to choose from a wide variety.
Unless you're planning on taking some home, just order one or two per person.Yummmy! Doughnuts were delicious. They had a huge variety of flavors. Had a hard time making up my mind. Reading terminal was supper busy, the staff took their time with us and allowed me to make up my mind on the flavors I wanted. I was very satisfied and look forward to visiting again.Philly is known for their historical battles, cheesesteak battles, and battles between me and my mother Julie Goldstein over who gets to window seat. The fact that Beiler's Bakery isn't recognized as a historical Landmark is an injustice to America. 
Their donuts were out of this world. As my mom's trainer, sculpted by kale and far too much pilates, would say, "I wouldn't eat a donut if I were stranded on an Island and it were the only food." Well, unlike her, I don't subscribe to rules made by the devil. The day I visited Beiler's Bakery in Reading Terminal Market, is the day I believed there was some sort of divine force out there in this world.   
The line was substantially long for the amount of other dessert stands in the market. After salivating over all the different options, my mom and I decided on a caramel salted donut (mom loved it) and an apple fritter (considering proposing marriage). How do I describe tasting this edible pillow of love? It was like an amish person getting drunk for the first time on Rempshringa. What a coincidence that this was an Amish owned bakery! I didn't care if I had to horse-drawn-carriage it back to Chicago, the Amish Army was coming with me. I'm seriously considering converting so i can eat desserts all day. In Donut's name, I pray.
Definitely go to Beiler's Bakery.The warm apple fritter is one of the top 5 doughnuts I've ever had and that's saying a lot.  The glaze was great, the texture of the doughnut was perfect and it was so fresh.  I'm salivating just thinking about it.  I tried a few of the other yeast doughnuts with various fillings as well.  I found them to be fairly gimmicky and definitely not as awesome as the apple fritter.  The maple pecan was the best of the lot.  My advice would be just get whatever is warm and eat it immediately.  
Oh yeah, they're also DIRT CHEAP.