I'm very happy to have found this cafe a block away from where we were staying at. The coffee was on the strong side- which is just perfect. They had pumpkin spice flavor available already, another plus! Fresh squeezed juices as well as healthy menu options made for great breakfast. Definitely wish I had a Benna's cafe in Astoria, NY!Very nice staff. Smaller place with somewhat limited food selection. Kinda expensive - $10 for coffee and bagel!A friend and I killed some time before work in Benna's the other day. Benna's is one of those places that I'm just not hip enough to hang out in. My jeans aren't skinny, my hair isn't asymmetrical and I listen to a variety of music. That being said, the iced mocha was really good, when I'm in the neighborhood again I will definitely pop in and get something to go.The sandwiches are good although quirky.
It would be awesome if you served breakfast sandwiches with eggs and such as cucumber and cheese is not exactly what I'm craving on a Saturday morning.
Also, if you accepted credit cards I'd visit at least once a week.  Instead, I've been there once and I've lived in the neighborhood for over a year.OBSESSED with their coffee and chocolate croissants.
Love Amber the barista.  She's wonderful.  Nancy is a sweetheart, and runs an amazing coffee shop......nice work!Absolutely love Benna's! I live nearby and enjoy stopping in for a quick coffee/tea or sitting down to work on my laptop and chat with friends. They have free Wifi and $1 coffee refills if you bring your own cup. What truly makes this place special are the baristas. They're so friendly and know all the customers by name. If I'm having a bad day, all I need to do is pop in here and they'll brighten it up! So glad I found this gem...it makes me feel at home in South Philly!Coffee isn't bad, but it's not good enough to make up for the service. Slow and indifferent service executed by holier-than-thou staff. They're more concerned with proving that they know more than you about coffee (congratulations!) than answering your questions.i don't think i could ask for more. gluten free food. hand knit tea cozy for your cup. excellent, friendly ladies behind the counter. the prices are amazing. $1.50 for a coffee with a refill. like i said, i couldn't ask for more.Little pricey for the area, the iced coffee was very weak but the other stuff is good. Some of the staff could be nicer.Went in with the family (Wife and two girls) on a hot summer day for some quick snacks and cold drinks. From first appearance the lady at the counter looked like she needed some cheering up. When we actually did make our order it was obvious she had an anti-social disorder. I would describe her as unfriendly, non-verbal, aloof, disrespectful, and prejudicial (certainly the vibe we felt). Never going back! And would never recommend to family or friends!This is a cool little coffee shop in the neighborhood I use to grow up in. I walked in and had a seat from the bitter cold today. The barista was kind of stand offish, but she took my order. I got a bagel with scallion cream cheese and a hot chocolate. The  hot chocolate tasted like there was Hershey syrup in there, so it seemed kind of cheap in a way. The bagel was fine since they are hard to screw up. I may return here if I am around, but I think either Gleaner's or Grindcore house are better choices.I have somehow inexplicably neglected reviewing Benna's for this long, when I have been a South Philly resident for almost two years now and frequenting Benna's when I simply need a quiet place to sit with a book and a piping hot cup of tea. 
This Benna's was the very FIRST Benna's, located at the corner of 8th & Wharton streets, not to be confused with Benna's 2 on Passyunk Ave. Benna's offers a small and comfy atmosphere. Some people might become frustrated with the limited seating options, as Benna's only has four tables and seating at the coffee bar. However, this is one of the things I like about this Benna's. Because of the limited seating, it never gets too crowded.
If you are looking for something more substantial to fill your belly with than just a cup of coffee or tea, try one of their daily soups or a bagel with cream cheese and tomato. The last time I was at Benna's, I ordered the white bean soup and one of these days, I am going to turn my kitchen into a culinary chemistry lab trying to figure out all of the ingredients in this soup so that I don't have to rely on somebody else to make it for me. 
I also love how they place little knitted cup cozies on every glass of hot beverage that they serve. There's nothing like a soul-warming, tall glass of ginger tea wrapped in a nifty handmade cozie. It brings the smiles, that's for sure. On warm n' sunny days, head over to Benna's for a tall glass of iced coffee or my personal favorite, their sparkling lemonade.I love this place mainly because it's a great place to work. Spacious tables and comfy chairs. I always get their chicken salad because it's soo good. The lattes are delicious too. The customer service is ok. Their not very friendly (with me) but they are friendly with others. They never greeted me when I go in but they are very efficient and have given me recommendations. My favorite coffee shop.I love Benna's. They have vegan treats and give you a discount if you BYO coffee cup.Great spot. Crowded but the vegan baked goods on the counter are worth the wait, I'm no vegan but those little donuts are the business!This is an all-around good local coffeehouse. I only stop first thing in the morning, before the lines start, but I agree with Erin F: There is a certain crowd that gathers. Lots of vegan treats, if you're into that sort of thing. I usually stick with a bagel and cream cheese. The cup sizes here always throw me off- there's an extra-small, in addition to the traditional small--so you really need to reference the ounce amounts on the menu board. Sometimes that's a lot of work at 8am!Healthy, simple, art and pet friendly. The only down side might be that they are a little pricey for what they offer but they have a lot of options for ppl on various diets. Gluten free food, soy, tofu, wheat etc. cute place for brunch.Great espresso and caps, filling bagel sandwiches, and a warm environment to relax. Baristas aren't the friendliest but they are good at what they make.Stopped in on a Saturday around noon (almost immediately post-breakfast unfortunately). I bookmarked this spot because of the vegan pastries/bagel sandwiches, so I have to again express my disappointment at being too full to eat anything. BUT my SO and I did get some teas that were pretty great! 
 He ordered an almond tea that was called something not obvious (open fire) and because that was also what I wanted I went w/my second choice (snaps) which was a ginger tea meant to taste like a gingerbread cookie. The ginger tea was good but the almond tea was (unfortunately for me) just far superior. I also really like that somewhat artificial almond flavor though so if you're not into that I don't know how you'll feel. Like I'll put almond extract and almonds into anything I bake.
That being said 5 stars for almond drinks and having gluten free and vegan items (in addition to the standard fare)
P.S they're cash only.Cool cozy small little coffee chill spot. Looks from the reviews I need to go back and try their bagels since all I had was coffee first time I went.cute little coffe spot with yummmy treats lining the counter! the coffee was perfect and the place is clean and cozy. Breakfast sandwiches are good when they aren't "out" of rolls. I don't think this place even has a grill or anything hot but occasional soup. Be careful of the guy on the bike who hit me outside and kept riding away!My go to spot for a bagel and coffee. I live less than a block away from this spot so I visit quite frequently. Staff is friendly and they have vegan options which is a plus. Bagel sandwiches are pricey but they offer a discount if you bring your own coffee mugCute little cafe with amazing house roast. 
I had a bagel with mozza, basil and tomatoes and the house roast. You can't go wrong with basil, tomato and mozza, it was delicious. The house roast had me coming back for more. 
Will definitely swing by again for more coffee!Cool and nice little spot for munchies and a good quality coffee. Very good reception by one of the girls on a Sat. morning. Definitely would come back! Check my profile for other tips :)Friendliest ladies ever. I have never gotten tude' from those girls even when I order some annoying bagel sandwich and the girl has to chop up bananas by hand and there are people waiting. I appreciate that. I don't really order food from other coffee shops in town or complicated drinks because the folks seem so miserable making it...Benna's..I salute you. But...... it is super annoying when the mom groups come in and let their babies run wild. It's HOT coffee that your kid is reaching up for from my table, people! Control your children! And better yet, clean up after them! put the toys BACK! They never do. 
I second Joe z's question about hipsters..I see some crusty kids there, some punk looking kids, some art schooly looking, some mod looking...I guess you could say the clientele is youngish, friendly,  and dresses cute. I don't see why that would detract anyone from going to a place...Loved the iced coffee in a tall glass and I loved the ice cubes (I'm picky when it comes to the ice, I prefer crushed cuz I'm an ice cruncher, sucks for my teeth). I didn't have anything special, just a bagel. 
It was too sunny to sit outside so I sat inside and checked out the artwork. The place was comfy, not too crowded so I didn't see the place as appealing to ONE certain type of clientele. 
It was a nice experience on a nice day. But will I go there again? Probably not because I'm cheap and go to chains and have bad taste. In everything.Benna's, why is your coffee so expensive? I like it, don't get me wrong, but it's a little pricey I think.  Other than that, I love that you are right around the corner from my house and your people are nice and my dog likes not having to wait outside. Really, I like you a lot. You brighten up an otherwise rather bleak stretch of 8th Street. I just don't like paying $4 for a latte. Just saying.Decent coffee, but the staff really kills this place. Emotionless, rude, and unwelcoming. This place is just a block from home so I've tried many times to enjoy it but alas I'm giving up. It's also no longer dog friendly despite previously allowing pups for years.Simply awesome! Bring your thermos to enjoy fills of hot or iced coffee at a ridiculously reasonable price. Five stars! Can I give six?The other day i was reminded why you should not go to Bennas. The two women who are most often working here are miserable. You won't get service with a smile out of them and that doesn't even bother me. What bothers me is being giving attitude and an insulting response to being asked to top off a cup of coffee. Buying a 16 oz cup should entitle me to 16 oz (perhaps even just shy of 16 to allow for the lid) of coffee. I never asked her to leave so much room for milk and she never asked if I wanted room for milk. So me asking to be topped off shouldn't really be an issue.  It never is at other coffee shops, even at Dunkin' Donuts it has never been treated as a burden. If you don't like customer service then find a job more fitting your asocial demeanor. On a side note, the owner of bennas is also miserable and I don't really like to give any of her establishments my business but both B2 and bennas west have pleasant and friendly baristas that keep me coming back.I really like this place. Good coffee, friendly staff, very vegan friendly (tofutti cream cheese, vegan soups, cupcakes, cookies, brownies). Combine the Avocado + Tomato  + Tofutti + Bagel sandwich (I think it is sandwich #4) with a large Depth Charge (Coffee + shots of espresso) and you have a great afternoon on your hands.
They are also dog friendly so you don't have to leave your pup outside when ordering a nice iced coffee on a hot day.I ordered a mocha here the other day but discovered to my horror that they use Hershey's syrup as chocolate.  When I saw the Hershey's bottle I asked the barista if she could make it a latte instead.  As it turned out she'd already put the chocolate in with the espresso, but she made me a latte anyway.  How nice!
I felt a bit guilty and gave her a large tip, but christ, who uses Hershey's chocolate, especially if this is supposed to be one of the "good" coffee places.  Just charge me 25 cents more per drink and use the expensive stuff!  I might give this place 3.5 stars.  Maybe all the annoying patrons others have written about have moved to B2.  I found the atmosphere to be cozy and relaxing, and although I didn't have any baked goods there seemed to be a more balanced assortment of vegan and non-vegan things.Stopped by on a raining day in Philly--absolutely amazing environment. Had the #4, avocado, tomato and cream cheese baguette which was amazing. The white mochas are excellent for the price and the staff is very friendly. Only complaint is that there is not a lot of tables/room for larger groups, but other than that it was great!I come here often since my boyfriend lives across the street. It's pretty cozy and cute. The staff is kind and helpful. They have wi-fi, so that's always a plus. Usually, I'll just order tea and read my book. It's on the corner and it's a really good meeting spot if you don't know the area that well. 
I have enjoyed many bagel sandwiches here and will probably enjoy more. It's worth it to check out this place to see for yourself!This place is super good, we just happening to find this place and really enjoyed it.  There was only 1 person working, felt bad for her because after she finished our order a rush came in. Most people were pretty cool. It seemed like they expected it. 
Coffee was great and so was my bagel sandwich was even better.. toasted with avocado and tomato.
This is a very intimate place not a lot of seating.Had a very tasty sandwich here the other day with avocado, tomato, and cream cheese on baguette.
Even though it has the same owner, the space is a lot friendlier and relaxed than B2. Maybe because it's not right on Passyunk Ave? It feels less scene-y and more neighborhood-y.
Drinks are $1 off the 16oz price if you bring your own cup! Yup, that's a $1 coffee folks.I really don't want to be that guy, but where is the wifi? It is 2014, and cafe's without wifi are so close to extinction. I am sort of impatient, but what can I do?
That being said, this little shack deserves three stars. However, the lack of Internet connections just simply annoys me. 
Oh yea, the bagels are delicious. The coffee is delicious. The cup warmers are unnecessary. Just pay for wifi please.So I'm going to start off by being nice.  I agree whole heartedly that the people that work there are pretty cool.  I'm sure I could hang out with almost all of them from the owner on down.  I don't mind the crowd that goes there, it's a nice collection of south philly residents.   
   I've been going to both Benna's and B2 for a couple of years now.  I used to go way more often because I was new to the area and I hadn't found any place better.  At this point I will very rarely give them my money.  I've also narrowed down what I will get there greatly.  Things I will buy - drip coffee, iced coffee, some cookies and I love their bagels with flavored cream cheese. 
   I will never buy another expresso drink from them again.  They make some of the worst lattes I've ever had.  There have been times when I've actively wondered if the person making the drink was fucking with me.  I don't want 5 inches of undrinkable foam on top of my shots thank you very much.  I would love to think that it's just an isolated incident but it doesn't seem to matter who is making the drinks.  The ceiling is mediocrity.  When I've received a latte that didn't suck, I was actually happy and that is not what I'm looking for folks.
   I guess it seems stupid to give them two stars when I will still go there in a pinch.  I like the shop, the people and the bagels.  The amount of happiness I've gotten out of that place is outweighed by how angry the lattes have made me though.  Not to mention that somehow every cup of coffee I've ever gotten there has leaked on my hand.  They must have bought a lifetime supply of faulty lids or something.
If you have the time I'd recommend taking a walk down to Ultimo on miflin, that place makes a great cup of coffee.Shiny happy servers, good stuff and decent coffee. I', the mayor on 4sq; I keep coming back for more.Benna's has a great menu of bagel or baguette sandwiches (my personal favorite is an everything bagel with hummus, tomato, and avocado, which is a little more than $5, fair price for the yummy and fresh ingredients). They have a nice array of vegan options (including a variety of baked goods, yay!). I'm not much of a coffee drinker, but I've had a cup once or twice and it was okay, not mind-blowing, on the strong side, but good enough for me (like I said, I'm not a big coffee person anyway so also probably not the best judge). This cozy and inviting coffee shop is a block away from my new house, which is just wonderful! I love coming here in the morning for breakfast when I have no food in the house (most of the time). The staff is friendly, they seem to know a lot of their customers by name, but they don't ignore me to talk to their friends, which I appreciate. I've seen a refreshing variety of patrons -- mothers and babies/small children, men with dogs, elderly guy with a newspaper, people in suits on their way to work, and lazy twenty-somethings like me!
My ONLY complaint about Benna's is that they are not open when I get home from work at 6:05pm -- they close at 6 :'(This place is a great stop if you're in East Passyunk. While the staff has the look of the usual aloof coffee-house barista - they are all super friendly and laid-back. Both the food and the coffee are great. Once you go there you'll understand why folks in the neighborhood make this a daily stop. It's not the coolest, biggest or most crazy coffee joint in the world - it's just simple and awesome.**UPDATE: **
www.squareup.com
i understand there are a few extra pennies to be pinched out of every non-cash wielding customer via the on-site ATM. it's 2016 -please accept credit cards- you can do this quite easily ^___^
*****************
cosy environment, friendly baristas and locals.  it's hard to believe this place is owned by the same person as B2 which provides exactly the opposite experience.
coffee & drinks are priced averagely, and albeit fresh and delicious their food is priced slightly higher than an average cafe... but i'll gladly throw an extra dollar in to support this local business and urban getaway.Five years ago when I moved to the corner of Seventh and Sears, I discovered Benna's a mere block away.  This was back when I needed a double espresso over ice to gird my loins for my daytime bartending job at Monk's, and the lovely Benna's girls served me my juice with a dose of humor that made the prospect of all those lonely drunks seem a bit more manageable.
Monthly art shows give you something to look at while you dream away over your Artisan Boulanger croissant, vegan peanut-butter krispy treat or custom bagel sandwich, and piles of magazines, flyers and newspapers are always on hand to entertain the text-obsessed.  This is a neighborhood place; a community hub where the locals gather for a fix of friendliness along with sustenance and caffeine.
Five years ago, I was a stranger to the hood, but now I can count Benna's owner Nancy as a friend, and depart with hugs from my coffee-shop neighbors.  When I lost my cell phone in a cab, I ran here frantically to use the phone and they helped me find a number.  When I didn't have cash, Nancy put me on a tab to pay later.  This is a homey place, and I feel lucky to be able to call it "my" corner coffee shop.I've been going to this place since it first open. It was right across the street from me. I have since moved in to jersey, but still find myself going here at least once a week to do a little work.
And to the guy that thinks there is no WiFi... well there is. There has been for a while. In fact I am doing this review right now from this place.
The number 1 bagel sandwich has been my favorite. I also recommend the #9 too.Cash only with ATM. Small coffee shop with an assortment of homemade baked goods. Almond croissants, bagels, sandwiches, and zucchini muffins galore. It's really quiet and offers a number of bar seating and tables to get work done. Very friendly service.I love Benna's. I live across the street from it, and am a frequent patron, be in before wake in the mornings for a quick cup of coffee or on the weekends for several hour to do some grad school work. 
The Baristas behind the bar know my name, have a cheerful attitude, and are always more than accommodating whenever I need anything. 
The atmosphere is delightful, and the coffee and food are always delicious and on point, as the kids say. Benna's has that cozy neighborhood feel to it from the moment you walk in, and when I first moved into South Philly it was along the things that sold me on living there. 
A+, guys. Keep it up.I love everyone at Bennas and they always brighten up my morning. Food and drinks are great and well served. The crowd is always inviting. Bagels are the best!Very cute little coffee shop in a quiet part of Philly. It was a nice escape from the hustle and bustle of the touristy area and south street.
The coffee was good and hot and the bagel was ehhh....but im a new yorker..it takes a lot to impress me bagelwise.
They have lil tiny vegan donuts that are tasty too. 
Warning: This place attracts hipsters galore.I had a bagel with very tasty and chunky hummus here with a coffee a few months back while getting my car fixed around the corner. Everyone was very pleasant and the prices were more than reasonable - I seem to recall around $6 for the bagel, coffee, and tip? Hummus, coffee,a Philadelphia Weekly, and an outdoor table in the sunshine on a quiet block made for a very nice interlude. Their bathroom was very strange, but hey...
I noticed a few other reviews involving hipsters - I'm nothing remotely close to a hipster and encountered nothing but good manners and fresh food!Great neighborhood spot. Service is always prompt and friendly and I love their bagels, especially at the price! I've had my order messed up a few times (wrong cream cheese, etc) but I've never even cared or complained because I love all of their options!Everything is great about this little coffee shop located in South Philly. It is a very small place, so maybe don't plan on coming by here to sit and study for hours. The cafe had a very "homey" vibe, where it feels like you are their kitchen, just enjoying coffee and pastries with them. The coffee was excellent, and so were the bagels. Everything you would want in a cute little coffee shop, definitely try it out.There are 3 outdoor sitting and on a nice day, it is ideal to bring a book and just read on this quiet block. it's a great place to come by after checking out the 9th street Italian market.I agree with the previous reviewer about the staff. the one who made my drink today was totally rude and i won't be back, rather spend my money elsewhere with nicer serviceSpent part of a lovely overly hot afternoon cooling down here a bit. My brain was too shut down to continue reading Moby-Dick. So, I just sat sippin' iced tea and listening to the Silver Jews' Bright Flight and "Gary's Got A Boner" by The Replacements. Which more than made up for not being able to read Moby-Dick. It was just what I needed.I love Benna's Cafe.  Almost don't want to review for fear of MORE crowding but this place definitely deserves the business!
 A cozy neighborhood coffee shop with good coffee, delicious treats, and bagel sandwiches. It's a good place to bring some work or catch up on reading.  If I lived any closer I would probably come here for coffee and a bagel sandwich every morning...!!I like that the beverages come in about 5 different sizes with prices for chia lattes starting at $2. My chai was above average. I had a gorgonzola, honey, walnut and apple bagel sandwich. The bagel could have been fresher, but was decent and the apples should have been crunchy, but were grainy and brown instead. The countertop is filled with baked goods, so I also picked up a goat cheese croissant which was alright, but could have had more goat cheese. Service was fast, and efficient.
Very cute, cosy and yes, hipster environment. To address the other review comments of what is hipster about it, for me it's the artwork. There were little houses with 12 inch strands of brightly colored hair pouring out of them, and a light hearted mermaid painting who's main feature was boobs (in this case straight proud uncovered boobage not "breasts"). If the artwork is un-monumental with hints of 90's toys, and has a trendy name like "Ode to blue Hair Dream" it's hipster art, which is ok with me because it makes for a relaxed and fun atmosphere.Cozy, relaxed coffee bar. Delicious, affordable drinks made in front of you. The barista was friendly, prompt, and helpful (I'm an out-of-towner). Unique. Convenient location, but not in a high-traffic or overly busy spot.I used to stop by Benna's right after I bought my house, and would walk from my apartment on South Street to my new place on Morris. I really like the fact that they're pet friendly. The place itself is cozy, with a few tables and a large wooden counter that's absolutely gorgeous. I've never had anything to eat here, but the coffee was decent, as were the prices. There's outside seating when the weather is nice. I would come here more often, but one of the few times I was here, I was kind of off-put by one of the servers, and have been hesitant to come back. She was kind of unfriendly, and seemed irritated that she had to pour me a cup of coffee. Maybe just a bad day?Great little neighborhood coffee spot! I recently moved to the neighborhood and was psyched to find a cute cafe so close to my house. The staff is incredibly friendly, and they definitely know all their regulars here. It's got a warm, homey atmosphere inside. The iced coffee is delicious and relatively inexpensive, and I like that they don't charge extra for it. I could definitely see myself taking a laptop or a sketchbook here to get some work done. They're also generous with cream cheese and I dig that. I've only had bagels so far, but the sandwich menu looks tempting since it offers some unconventional items (including a vegan option).love this little hole in the wall place! my boyfriend and i were getting cheesesteaks at pat's and wanted good coffee. he yelped coffee joints, and benna's was the closest. we started walking and almost passed it right up. you have to keep an eye out because it is so small. but we got in, and the barista was a total sweetheart and answered all my questions because i couldn't decide what i wanted.
he ended up getting a red-eye, i got a white mocha (way better than starbucks, you can actually taste the coffee and not just pure sugar), and we split a peanut butter cookie (didn't seem super fresh, but still not bad).
the prices were typical, reasonable for a coffeeshop, but more than coffee is really worth. i'd definitely go back though, cute atmosphere, nice barista, great coffee, and decent snacks!Cute space, friendly staff, good coffee. It seems like they have a lot of affordable food options as well. I will definitely be going back!Amazing bagel sandwiches and some of my favorite lattes in town. Lots of yummy little treats - plenty of vegan choices too. All the girls are cute and friendly. I'm never in soup mode when I come here, but there is always a crock pot with something that sounds amazing. Plenty of seats inside with games and newspapers, and constantly rotating art on the walls.Very unhappy with the "non" service by the counter person working Thursday 3/3/16.  My foreman went into shop first and not only was he not greeted he was absolutely ignored.  My foreman is African American and I would hope the counter person was just rude and not prejudiced.  But when the owner of my construction company went in he was treated the same poor way so guessing this place has poor customer service.   It is a shame since there were no customers in the store and maybe that's why.  Wont go back there!Dirty windows. Cluttered counter also not super clean or tidy. Not great coffee. Come on get your act together: what a missed opportunity. We live a block away but walk 15 mins away for coffee shop alternatives!Hands down, my favorite coffee shop in the city. No pretensions, just great coffee in a comfortable setting. Staff is greatBenna Cap. It's made with sweet condensed milk. Now I shall always drink my cappuccinos with condensed milk... 
Thank you, Benna, for keeping me awake for the drive home to NY.coffee here is consistently flavorful. i'm glad they're able to brew coffee properly unlike other spots in philly! i love the bagel sandwiches and the sweets they haveBenna's is a cute little coffee shop that we stopped in on a whim while walking around the area. I can only attest to the iced coffee and bagel with cream cheese, both of which were solid. The sandwiches looked delicious, and I hope to try one again in the future. The place seemed to have a variety of vegan options, which is always good. The pastries they had on display also looked delightful. The interior is decorated in a cute shabby-chic style, but they also have tables for sitting outside which is nice on a sunny, warm day.Cute little coffee place right in my neighborhood.  I haven't stayed to sit, but the for-here coffees are in pint glasses and my wife loved the croissant she got on Saturday morning.  Once I get some time, I'll look to go back and try some more stuff from their menu-- they have sandwiches and various pastries (do I remember seeing vegan cupcakes?).  The atmosphere seems laid-back;  Phillyblog says they have wireless, but I've just stopped in for to-go coffees.  I'm thankful that there's a cafe just around the corner from our house.This place is a block past my bus stop to go to work and is sooooo worth the extra block just for one of their lattés, especially if it's super cold out. All the barristas are awesome, nice and consistent..Make sure your politics match that of your baristas. If they don't you will have your coffee made very loudly and your muffin thrown on the counter. Yay Feminism.Medium coffee, indifferent service, the line forms right at the door so it's an awkward spot to stand when there's more than two customers in line. They do not seem happy to be making expensive coffees for your consumption, which I thought was the point. Their bagels are good and the baked goods are good, that's why I give this coffee shop two stars.
Oh and you can bring your dog in, yay hipsters.I get my coffee here every morning.  Bring your own cup and you get a dollar off your drink.  The bagels, croissants, and etc are all very good and they offer vegan options as well.Wonderful little cafe with a nice selection of dairy free pastries.  The barista Ari is wonderful and made sure everyone in the cafe both regulars and passerbys were welcomed and their orders promptly taken and filled. Looking forward to going back to do some work and enjoy another dairy free pastry (which is hard to find these days)!Love this place.  I live close by so I come maybe once a week.  My roommate a more frequent customer practically has his drink already being made as soon as he comes in the door from ordering his regular.  The place is nothing fancy but is a great spot to get a cup of coffee and most likely meet your fellow neighbors.Finally stuck my head in here after moving into the neighborhood 6 months ago. 
I had the white mocha and a bagel with scallion cream cheese. Probably the most delicious mocha I've ever had. A magical combo of great coffee and heavenly chocolate. The scallion cream cheese was wonderful as well and seemed very fresh. As if they just mixed it together that morning. I'll definitely be back when I need a morning pick-me-up.I just love this little cozy corner, everyone is really nice and polite, the food is great and the ambiance is really chill. I come here as often as my finances allow it :pMy favorite coffee shop in South Philly. Used to come here all the time. Lisa is a great and friendly barista. I recommend it highly. Couldn't find the bathroom, but was too shy to ask for some reason.Benna's Cafe has great bagel sandwiches, even if bagels aren't your thing. The sandwiches ranged from chicken salad and tomato to goat cheese, cucumber, and basil to tofutti, avocado, cucumber, and tomato. 
I came here today for breakfast with Mom and I got the goat cheese, cucumber, and basil while she got goat cheese and sundried tomato. Neither of us were disappointed. The bagels were soft and the fillings fresh. The only con is that this isn't a place to go if you're in a rush. Normally there's only one person behind the counter, so only stop in if you have time or want to sit down.Benna's is great- the ladies are friendly, the coffee is strong and the #4 is the best sandwich in the WORLD. It's easy enough to go in, get a coffee, and go. Who cares about the other clientele? I think that's just ridiculous. If you're intimidated by going to a coffee shop you might not want to even leave the house.