I love the decor and vibe of this restaurant! Everything about Bernie's was clean and inviting. I would definitely go back. The food was very good as well!Bernie's is a new restaurant on Penn's campus and I visited with a few friends during Happy Hour. To start off, I think the food was alright and pretty large portions for the price. Also, our waiter was very outgoing and the restaurant has pretty nice decor and is comfortable. 
We ordered several dishes. My friend had the Bernie's cheesesteak which was a huge portion and he seemed to enjoy it. Another friend ordered off the Happy Hour menu. She had the chicken and arugula flatbread and some Brussels sprouts. The flatbread was presented quite nicely and both were pretty large portions for the happy hour prices. 
To follow, another one of my friends first ordered a salmon ceviche with blueberry compote and some happy hour hot wings. He really did not enjoy the ceviche, which was also a very small portion. The wings were also pretty standard, but nothing amazing. He actually was not full at all from these two dishes and ended up ordering a Panko chicken salad, which, in contrast to the last two dishes, was a much larger portion and tasted much better. This is something I would recommend ordering (definitely more than the ceviche). 
Finally, I ordered the Pacific chicken sandwich. The sandwiches come with a side. The menu says it comes with fries, but they can be substituted with any other side, of which I chose Brussels sprouts. The chicken sandwich was pretty good but a little bit on the salty side. There also was not as much guac on it as I would have liked. I liked the Brussels sprouts but they were also a little bit on the salty side. 
So, overall, pretty good bang for the buck, but nothing amazing. It might be a nice place to stop by for a nice-ish meal, but I wouldn't come back regularly.Sorry for this review, but the food was quite interesting, to put it that way. I got the crispy chicken salad - really nothing special about it, I could've made a similar one just picking up a pack of mixed greens and honey mustard from trader joes. The fried chicken was almost reminiscent of a sub-par chicken katsu from a Japanese restaurant and didn't really fit in with the rest of the dish. My friend got the cesar salad and I almost laughed at it - it is a head of lettuce instead of a salad, with each leafy layer drenched in sauce. I think they were trying to do something modern or something, I don't really know but it didn't work. I didn't get to taste it but suffice it to say I wasn't very interested in tasting it. My other friend got the Philly cheesesteak which was also very sub-par considering the city it is in, the bun to meat ratio was way off with a huge bun and not very much or high quality meat. 
I try not to make poor reviews but this place really didn't impress me! Maybe it will improve in the future though but for now I don't think I would recommend this place to my friends.Did a pick up order.  Crab cake entree came with a salad.  24.00 with tax. Crab cake was okay, no dressing on the salad. Maybe there was a cup of salad in there. I asked for dressing on the side, so I had to put the remoulade sauce on the cup of salad given . Definitely not work the price,.  Warm crab cakes were given to me in a clear plastic container.  Not that happy.Came in for dinner - very spacious, cool atmosphere. The waiter was pretty rude since the beginning. He would come over and just stand by our table, without saying anything, expecting us to know what he was there for (i.e. to take our order) and never came by to ask how we were doing. My friend had the vegetarian Banh mi, which was very good. I had the arugula salad with seitan, which was missing dressing when it came out and had very sparse veggies. Again, the waiter never came around to check up on us and when I finally got his attention to ask him about it, he walked away without saying anything and returned with a cup of olive oil dressing. Very confused by this whole interaction. Drinks were good but pricey - we had the seasonal mule and Golden Monkey.Bernie's is right in the heart of University City, and is already a regular hang out spot for our group of friends. The service here is superb - the waiters are very attentive, always willing to split the check by person (which I know is annoying but is a big boon for students). It's much more reasonably priced than its neighboring white dog cafe, and offers a much better ambience in my view. The drinks are a good deal during happy hour (5 dollar sangrias -which are super strong!), and their pool table is superb. I'd definitely recommend them for lunch or just a happy hour hang out. Their food options also don't disappoint - the chicken sandwiches are to die for. I really love this place!I've been exploring Philadelphia a bit over the last few days and have struggled to find a bar where I felt truly welcomed until today. I spent almost three hours here this afternoon studying for an upcoming course/training and felt like I could've easily stayed the whole night. It was that great.
Bernie's spans multiple levels and is very contemporary without being pretentious. It's open and visually appealing, so it's easy to find a place to sit where you can get comfortable. They even have a firepit out back for those sunny yet not quite hot days where you want to sit in the sun. 
They have a very extensive beer, wine and cocktail selection as well as a great happy hour offering. Unlike some other bars in the area, they will let you taste any of their beers before you order them, which is a sign of a great bar. There are only two downsides I saw when I was here. The first is that I ordered a beer about five minutes before happy hour without realizing they had happy hour specials, and the bartender didn't say anything about this to me. I always appreciate it when bartenders give me a heads-up about this so that I can save a buck or two, but that didn't happen here. The second is that if you want a five ounce taster they charge between $4-5, whereas a 16 ounce beer is about $7. So for 50% more money you get 150% more beer! I didn't realize this before ordering even though it's clearly listed on the menu, so after my tasters I just asked to sample a few beers (which is free) before committing to a pint. 
For food I ordered the "insane" wings which were very hot but not too painful, a burger and the Brussel sprouts. I really enjoyed the Brussel sprouts which were salty and buttery. The burger was decent and the accompanying fries were a little thicker than I usually prefer but still very tasty. 
Towards the end of the afternoon I was waited on by Penne and she was fantastic! It was my best bar experience so far in Philly thanks to the great atmosphere, excellent beer selection, and great service by Penne.Definitely stop by for Bernie's happy hour. Lots of options and fairly large portions for a modest price. 
The four cheese pizza is a must try!After a long day working I strolled up to Bernie's to try them out and I was immediately impressed by the decor and friendliness of the bartender.  I passed all of the 5 patrons sitting at the bar on my way to the back. Each of them had plates of food, mostly burgers, everything looked tasty. As I took a seat and perused the menu I noticed that a food menu was not present. I asked for one and the bartender politely informed me that the kitchen was closed. I asked what time the kitchen closes and he said 10:00. I looked at my phone and it was 9:59. Womp womp. 
He must have sensed my dissatisfaction because he did let me know that the place down the street, their kitchen was still open. 
It's a shame to have "missed" the cut off by that teensy amount of time. As a new restaurant whose competition is the "place down the street", which has been around forever, I would hope for a little bit better effort holding on to consumers. 
Dear Bernie, I had high hopes that you were more than just a pretty face...My friend and I went to Bernie's for a quick Happy Hour drink and appetizers. The venue is more spacious than I was expecting and is very nicely decorated! 
To drink, I had a draft beer ($1 off both bottles and drafts during Happy Hour!) Off of the Happy Hour "Munchies" menu, I got the Brussels Sprouts and Baked Mac and Cheese. The Baked Mac and Cheese was super creamy and delicious. The Brussels were nicely roasted. My friend tried the Mushroom Arancini with Smoked Chili Aioli, which was also delicious!
Bernie's is only a few blocks away from my office, so I'm excited to come back for more post-work Happy Hours.I will start off by saying that the food was delicious (I had the sweet potato fries and it came with a delicious aoli sauce and the burger with garlic aoli) and the service was very friendly and helpful, particularly in suggesting drinks. However the one thing I ordered on the menu actually wasn't available anymore (umami burger) and the menu hasn't been updated. The food took 45 minutes to come out and the restaurant itself was very hot inside. I would not suggest coming here in the summer because you will be sweating throughout the entire meal. I may consider coming back here when the weather is cooler as they also have outside seating. There are many other things I would like to try the menu.I was super excited to try the new Ucity eatery but the only good thing was the decor and beer choices. Our server seemed like he had never had a job in a restaurant before he was awkward and didn't listen to us. The food was edible but that's about it; bland taste and your typical bar food selection. Won't be back just another new deck knock off with nicer decorShout out to Sean and the excellent staff for their help with our large dinner party. The food was delicious! The salmon was prepared perfectly, the homemade salad dressing was wonderful and the steak tender enough to cut with a fork. The facility is beautiful and we were so happy to celebrate at your restaurant. Thank you to all the staff for being so attentive. Can't recommend highly enough - Our celebration was perfect! THANK YOU!!!!Went here for the first time and was really disappointed. I had the west coast chicken sandwich, which was dry, salty, and small. The fries weren't great either. But what was really bad was the service! We were there for twenty minutes before we could put our order in, and that was after a lot of effort to wave down a server. The server got my friend's beer order wrong and was rude when she pointed it out, making it seem like it was her fault even though she had clearly said what she wanted and ended up with something else. He eventually took it off the tab, but not until after she had to speak with him a couple times about her order. I also told him that I had to leave at a certain time and was concerned because it had taken us so long to put our order in and our food seemed to be taking awhile. I got my food about 10 minutes after I had to leave. My friends didn't get my food until 45mins after we arrived. One ordered the salmon entrée ($23), which was TINY, especially considering the price. We also never had our water refilled which was a problem considering how salty the food was. Plus, we always had to flag to get a server's attention. 
Definitely not going back!!Bernie's is a subpar American Restaurant that aspires to one day attain the excellence of its superior neighbor White Dog Cafe. Aside from its convenient location (a mere 10 steps for even a short-legged Asian girl like me), the menu variety and quality of food was average. Personally my turkey burger came on a soggy bun and the steak fries were flavorless and stale. I did pay extra to add garlic aioli on my burger and that was delicious so I was happy about that! Also let's shed light on the fact that their website hasn't been updated to include the new University City location - does it want publicity or not? It's been open for about 6 weeks which is more than enough time. 
In summary (going off memory, didn't get a snap the menu sorry!):
Turkey burger + cheese + aioli ($14-16) 
Regular burger + cheese ($13-14)
Honey bbq seitan ($8-9)
Total: $21-23/pp after tax and tip 
I've heard their happy hour is decent and they have lots of TVs so maybe sports bar scene is more appropriate, though the decor would say otherwise imo. Clean bathrooms though! V important.Just randomly stumbled upon this place. Overall an excellent experience. Small but good beer selection. Nice variety of food and prices between apps, sandwiches, and entrees so there is something for whatever you are looking to spend. Had the jerked chicken, which was a bit dry but great flavors and very nice bread. Had the buffalo sauce seitan things which were good but nothing to write home about. Fries were decent but again nothing special. Excessively nice wait staff. Decor is nice and bright and wasn't too loud either. Overall a good experience and would recommend others to go.3 1/2 stars for Bernie's--I had dinner at the bar, and they have a nice selection of beers on tap. My burger with goat cheese was good, and the fries were alright (though I'd prefer crispier, thinner fries). The service was good but not excellent.Bernie's has got a great deal for happy hour- the wine on draft is a pretty good deal for $5. Definitely do not get the pub board, it's probably one of the worst happy hour snacks I've ever had.The service provided was top notch. However, we all found that our food was not amazing and greasy. The bill was very expensive and the food was just very average. Good Bartender with good drinks made but I would not come back again.First night in Philly and we needed something close by to our hotel next to the university. Found three bar like spots close by and this spot looked great from outside .
Shared the wings each grabbed a drink and ordered a burger and the Philly. 
The wings were great. Fries good and the burger looked good.
My Philly didn't taste like a filly which was not a shame since I knew we would hunt down some real philly cheese steaks.
But the meat was super tendor and plentiful. Ok prices and great service too.This has been my second time coming for happy hour. The happy hour menu is great for the price (recommend the $4 Mac and cheese!). Being a newly opened restaurant the customer service is very attentive to the details. My waitress commented how my Korean friend rice took just a minute longer because the manager wanted to make sure it was perfect. For the portions and price, definitely a place to check out!Limited review for limited experience. Was there for a few glasses of wine and a cheese board during happy hour. A tad expensive for the area, but friendly service, reasonable pours, and a pretty good cheeseboard offering put this in the solid 3 star category for a happy hour visitCame here for a college visit and it was great! Really solid big portions and tasty food. I got the Aloha Sliders (mini burgers with ham, cheese, and pineapple! Super good) and tried the Crab Cakes and Wings. The food was maybe not the most healthy as you'd expect from these dishes but definitely very tasty! :) Interior of the restaurant looks pretty new/renovated as well :)Delicious French onion soup! Off the chart Crispy chicken green salad!  Clean and organized place. Bernie's is our new "go to" in University City.Bernie's atmosphere is classy but fun and loud, and the restaurant has a ton of seating. The food and drinks were amazing, but the drawback is that the happy hour drink deals aren't so noteworthy. I had the minnie's margarita. It was good, but still $9 after the happy hour discount. 
For dinner I had the Pacific Coast sandwich. It was delicious! My meal came out quickly and the portion was big enough to leave me stuffed by the time I finished. The food is also very reasonably priced, so even though it didn't make it to my University City favorite restaurants list, i'll definitely be heading back.Horrible experience! Went on a Sunday around 7 nd we ordered our food..after a while waiter comes back nd says they don't have any more French Fries!! Because we order 5 meals and they only had one order of fries. So we're like okay that's fine.. so he goes back nd comes back saying another item on the menu was out too. So we asked for something else..guess what they ran out ! So we finally re ordered our whole meal making sure they had everything. Now the moment of truth..food comes we're all excited nd take our first bite nd guess what !!? Food is COLD ! Specially the only order of fries they had! After that took a bite of my Mac n cheese and almost immediately puked in my mouth! It tastes like expired dairy. So you tell me what kind of business runs out of good nd serves cold nd expired food!? Definitely will not recommend this place. However the vibe is chill decorations are nice but the fooood is garbage!This place is a hidden gem!! The staff is so nice and the food is delicious... also it's very reasonably priced.My wife & I stopped in for a late dinner on Sunday night.  We each had a couple of beers (great selection on tap & in bottles).  I had the cheesesteak (really enjoyed their version) and she had the fish & chips (huge portion) which she enjoyed.  I liked it too, and I don't like fish.  
We split the grilled pound cake for dessert which was very good.
The service was awesome, very attentive.  We met the owner/manager as well.  Very nice people.  They've only been open a week.  They should expect bigger crowds soon!
This is a great building.  Great ambiance and some really cool seating places etc.  We will be back there very soon when we can enjoy the porch and game room.Philadelphia is a great city for vegans. This restaurant is one to stay away from. Been here twice. First time, put bacon on my salad. Second time was out of seitan and put chicken on my salad.We ordered a medium-well burger but instead received a cold, rare and bloody burger! We also ordered a vegetarian croquet but it came very cold and and tasted like it had been sitting out for a while. As a Penn alum and a frequent visitor to University City, I just cannot recommend this restaurant!Well... could be so much better!  Food ok. Service ok.  Had a party of ten tonight and we had a few mix ups.  Time for dessert, but,.. do not expect coffee!!!  Huh???  I'm paying a bill for a party of ten and no coffee?  So when I ask why no coffee, server states we are not serving coffee now.  Ok, well Im probably Paying a five hundred dollar Check. Just put a quick pot on!!!  Ugh.Server was extremely rude. Had to argue about bill (manager ultimately charged us the correct amount). However, several hours later I  had terrible stomach issues...  pretty sure this place gave me food poisoning.Decent happy hour prices. I got the white sangria ($5 at happy hour) and it was really delicious. Their wings (10 for $10 during happy hour) were also really good. I also shared the cheese board with a friend; really generous portions of cheese, meat and apples- but literally 3 pieces of bread! Not nearly enough to eat what was on the board. When we asked for more they wanted to upcharge us.. if you're going to serve a cheese board you should at least serve enough bread to actually eat the food provided on the board? Feel like that's common sense.I really liked this place when it opened, but now that it's busy, they seem understaffed. It's challenging to get anyone to help and while I love the little nooks throughout the restaurant, they don't provide service so you have to order from the crowded bar, wait for your food and trek through the restaurant.I visited this places for a graduation brunch. Upon arrival there was a host who showed us to our private room. The area was beautiful. The large window open concept, with the wood accent seat was very modern. It was a buffet style brunch and man was I overwhelmed! I wanted to try everything. I started with fried fish Mac and cheese, potato's ! Everything unfortunately was a little cold. I didn't give up there!  I went back again and tried the chicken, Mac and cheese , biscuit , veggies and I'm glad I went back again, I know the chef for the Mac and cheese has some melanin in their skin as it was tasty, the fried chicken was okay, I would have probably used a little more batter and fried it hard to get a better texture and taste, the biscuits was a no, it was cold! 
Plus are it is bottomless mimosas- however they start to just taste like orange juice 3rd refill in 
Price was a little higher than expected - I don't feel like I ate my money's worth that is the tricky part with buffet style. 
I would have to revisit to try it out again!I've been to Bernie's in University City before and the food was excellent. My most recent experience, however, was the exact opposite. First let me preface that this review is based on the food only. The waitstaff was fine. 
My wife ordered the ribeye, while I order the paella. The ribeye was mostly fat and tasted like it was microwaved. The paella was very bland and came with only 4 or 5 small pieces of shrimp. My wife also ordered a blackberry bourbon. It cost $12 and if there was any liquor in it, we couldn't tell.
I'm going to finish off this review with a photo of the  fatty remnants of the '14oz' ribeye.Good Sunday brunch buffet. Nice mix of breakfast and lunch, good crowd, good service. Out of Bloody Mary mix, which is a brunch sin, but still very enjoyable.Terrible food, worse service. 
I visited Bernie's on a Saturday night, so to be safe we made a reservation. When we arrived, they informed us that they had a party of 300 that rented out the place earlier in the day, and so they had a very limited menu available tonight. Maybe that's something they could have mentioned when we made the reservation, but that's okay. We're flexible people, so we rolled with it. We ordered drinks and asked for water. The waitress brought us one of those swing top glass bottles filled with maybe 24 oz of water for a party of four. Not even enough to fill our cups half way on a hot summer day. When our waitress comes back to take our orders, my friend tells her about their egg allergy, and is asking if the beef sliders have any mayo or a brioche bun, or anything with egg. The rest of us order. We also ask for more water. Our waitress comes back a moment later without water and proudly tells us that the sliders have no DAIRY in them. On further questioning she does say that it is on a brioche bun (brioche is made with egg, so that's a no go.) Our friend asks about a different dish, and asks for water again. The waitress comes back with no water again, and the news that that dish also contained egg. So our friend opts for the cheese pizza, and please for the love of god some water.
Our food starts to arrive piecemeal, first the french fries and sweet potato waffle fries. A different server brings those to us and we ask THEM for some water. So after ordering water for the fifth time I finally have a full glass. In addition to the fries, our table got Chicken Tenders, Veggie (Seitan) Wings, Cheese Pizza, and Cheese Nachos. Of our 6 dishes, only 3 of them arrived to our table actually hot, which I find confounding because they didn't even bring it out all together. The pizza and chicken tenders don't even hold up compared to their frozen counterparts. The nachos are criminally oversalted. The room temperature veggie wings are small cubes, more aptly described as imitation popcorn chicken than imitation wings, though those might have been decent if only they were served hot. The only dish I can honestly say I enjoyed were the french fries. Any port in a storm I suppose.
If you are a person that doesn't require water, doesn't have any allergies, and doesn't care for hot or even warm food. I wholeheartedly recommend Bernie's. For everyone else, I advise you to steer clear.Worst service I have witnessed in a long time.Badly understaffed. After waiting 30 minutes to see a server, they "lost" our order. Ultimately we left without eating as they were actaully arrogant about the situation  No apology and no offer for discount for future visit.
Do not go!I met a friend here for dinner on a Tuesday in July.  Not exactly busy, busy, busy at 5:30 in the evening.  There were people at 3 other tables and maybe 10 people at the bar. 
Of the handful of entrees on the menu, they were out of 3.  They were out of the soup of the day. I ordered hot soup that came out with my burger but 5 minutes before my friend's dinner.  
There are 5 things on the dessert menu.  They were out of 2.  They were out of decaf coffee.  Decaf coffee. 
The food was okay.  The server was trying his best.  But if things are this bad on a Tuesday night in July, I just don't know.I've given Bernie's two tries now - enough to say that this is an a-ok place, and with White Dog right next door, this will always be a second choice at best.
My first visit was at the crowded bar area to catch a game on the TV. I ordered a beer, fries, and brussel sprouts. The brussel sprouts were soggy and totally not crispy, with the pieces of meat completely unincorporated in taste and form - I could easily make better at home. I would avoid these. The fries were solid, but nothing to write home about. The bartender also seemed very confused at every question we had (did not know what a happy hour dish was, and kept saying that he had just gotten there as an excuse for his lack of knowledge), but service overall was fine.
My second visit was for happy hour, and we were seated in the back room. I was excited at the idea of wine on tap, but I cannot recommend this at all for anyone - my white wine on tap tasted like sour water with no flavor. The cocktail that I got subsequently was very mediocre as well. I would stick with beer. I also ordered a flatbread off the happy hour menu, which was actually pretty good, but I had a taste of my friend's mac n cheese and it was really not good at all. She was also pretty unhappy with it.
Overall, Bernie's is fine if you stick with beer and flatbread and maybe fries, but in my opinion, White Dog next door has been doing amazing happy hour for years, and I find little reason to choose Bernie's over it.Brunch is totally not worth it. The orange juice has pulp so the mimosas aren't even enjoyable. The food is gross. It's a buffet, so they leave everything sitting out. The result is that meat is hard, things are cold, or they've just been sitting there for hours. I wouldn't recommend wasting $25 on this.We had an event there last night. We told them we were expected by over 125 people and they were not prepared the bar service was horrible. The venue was nice and we had a good time over all they just have a staffing issue when there is alot of ppl.I'm a bit conflicted with regard to this review. There were aspects to Bernie's that I really appreciated. I actually came here for a good burger so that was my order. The burger had good flavor but I asked for medium and it came well-done. My daughter ordered hers well and our burgers were cooked the same. The menu is all over the place so I'm not sure where they are trying to settle. And how does "salmon cheesesteak" end up on a menu in the first place? Tai bbq chicken, paella and meatloaf on the same "bar menu" seems to me that it is a far reach to offer a variety but rarely do I choose a restaurant bar for paella or tai bbq chicken. If I want those items I am likely to choose a place that does that well...just give me bar food. I realize that I am spouting serious opinion, here...but the non-cohesive menu...as well as the proper cook for my burger is probably going to keep me from making this a regular stop. The happy hour isn't that great of a deal, either. Our service was fine. Our order was taken promptly and we got what we ordered and needed. The place itself is roomy and nice. (I have been to this restaurant many times with its previous iterations.. La Terrasse, Doc Magrogan's...) and the space has been consistently nice. I was hoping this would be a spot I would return often...but sadly, I don't think that this will be the case.Oh my! I don't like writing bad reviews but today's everything was horrible. Came in for lunch, took 10min before orders were taken, the waitress started off by saying we don't have hamburgers, fish n chips, sweet potato fries meatloaf and another thing or 2. Then food trickled out after 40 minutes. A $15 cheesesteak (not worth it), fries, a jerk chicken sandwhich ($15 - disappointingly not worth it), then 5 more minutes, 3 other orders came. 5 more minutes 3 more orders came. Food was disappointing, service was terrible, they took off $6 for no sweet potato fries and unfortunately that had the 20% gratuity added for horrible horrible service. Oh, and the place had barely any customers (it was 1 when we came in and we left at 2:40) . Not even a sincere apology for lack of food... avoid this spotIt's good music and vibe but the bartender is very slow and inattentive. It's not even a busy night from what I see but Maybe they need more hands behind the bar.
UPDATE! We ordered shots and one of the glasses had lipstick on it! I asked to talk to the manager and he didn't seem to care when I told him. We decided to take our business elsewhere and the manager gave us a free shot but said "here for the one complaining come check it out" 
I won't be back.Thank you for accommodating our group of almost 30 for brunch post race!  The space was perfect and felt like our own private party! We all Enjoyed the selection of food from breakfast to lunch, American and Southern options- wonderful! I highly recommend for groups and we will definitely be back to try the dinner menu. Great spot in University City!I'm not *crazy* about this place, but it's an okay option if you are in University City. Their happy hour is a great deal, but outside of that, I haven't been truly impressed by their food. I've had their Karl's burger, chicken sandwich, and some appetizers but they were usually missing something to give it that umph. I'll be back for their happy hour drinks tho!Ordered a cheeseburger and they served me a bubba burger and kraft singles cheese and charged me $17. Don't waste your money hereGreat place to come for games (at the bar). Unfortunately, the Eagles lost the last time we came, but I'll try not to hold that against Bernie's. They were serving $2 Weyerbacher Dallas Sucks lager (actually quite good) and we got 10% off for wearing Eagles gear. I really enjoyed the chicken wings and the cheesesteak egg rolls. I would come back here.Went for drink with some family after work. One of the most disappointing and painful experiences in recent memory.
We told the staff we were there just for drinks and were seated. We were given food menus and a list of beers. We asked for the cocktails/drinks menu, "we don't have one." We asked for the wine list, "we don't have one, but I'll get someone who knows what we have." Then another person comes over with a clipboard, "so do you know what brand you were looking for?" There are 1,000s of wines in the world. I can't know what I want If I don't know what wines you have, that's the whole point of having a wine list for  your customers. Then someone asked if they had chilled vodka. Response, "well I can pour a glass and put it in the fridge for a few minutes." So, no. Eventually our beers, glass of wine, and vodka were placed on the bar, but then we had to get up to bring them to our table. The accompanying water was warm.
So in summary we have a bar with no drinks list, no wine list, a lack of knowledge regarding chilled drinks, and warm water.Went into this dining experience with high hopes, as Bernie's boasts of "an experience like nothing you've had before in casual dining."
Well...they were right. During a pretty quiet Wednesday lunch, my cheesesteak arrived cold. Unable to find our server, I politely asked another server if he could help me and get my sandwich heated up. Within a few minutes, I had a new sandwich (only reason this review is not 1 star)! Warm, but this time slightly overcooked, I ate it and was mostly content with my food consumption. The service, however; not so much. 
Our server seemed to have disappeared. We waited for at least 20 minutes after finishing our meals, before I got up and asked a different employee for our check. Almost immediately, he brought it back and apologized for the wait (our server apparently was helping other guests). Unhappy, but not wanting to make a big deal of it, we paid and left. 
If you have all day, this place may be worth a try, but I suggest you spend your time and money at an establishment that cares about you.I attended the Sunday brunch on 11/10/19. The food was great. The mimosas were disappointing ; mainly low quality OJ.Came here for my birthday brunch and really appreciated Joe! Such a friendly bar tender who took great care of us. Buffet had a great assortment of food. Go see Joe!! You wont regret it.This is such a cute little place. Went here for brunch with my partner and we loved the service and the food. I ordered. The portion and quality of the food was excellent. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a great brunch place.I tried Bernie's with a group of friends for the first time. From the moment we walked in we loved the ambience and decor. The University location has a nice outdoor fire pit area that caught my eye. The service was great and most of the good was tasty. The Snapper needed more seasoning and I was not a fan of the slaw that it cane with but the wings, eggrolls and cheesesteak were pretty good.What a cute spot! While we came for lunch, I would definitely go back for happy hour or dinner -- looks like they had fire pits outside! Regardless, the menu was tasty and eclectic and just what I was looking for on a client lunch. I ended up getting the crispy chicken salad which had the perfect kick to it with that honey mustard dressing; perfect blend of sweet and spicy. While I kept it healthy, I know I'll be trying the burger next time - it looked divine and seemed to be quite popular!I came here for a happy hour. The staff was very professional and kind and were able to seat us  promptly. The space is gorgeous. I really love the decor. The drinks came out fairly quickly and the food was so yummy! We ordered the poutine, Mac and cheese, pub board and Brussels
Sprouts. All of those dishes we completely cleaned our plates! I was impressed by the service for sure. I will definitely be returning to Bernie's.Had lunch with colleagues. Average food, service was below average - very slow and inattentive. Tables are too close, it so loud that you can't hear a waitress even though it wasn't crowded. Some items were out of stock, why then list them on regular menu?! We wanted to consider this place for a holiday party but will not return. I cannot recommend this place based on this experience.Oooooooooo, my Philly buddy talked this place up.  It has a bunch of good reviews.  My colleague and I, traveling in from NYC, were pretty freakin' hungry.  We 3 were ready to eat!
We were seated quickly in a less-than-1/4th-full restaurant, and I asked our "What are you known for?" Our waitress (a very nice person) replied "The thing we sell the most of is the Cheesesteak."  
PERFECT!  3 PHILLY CHEESESTEAKS!  All fries "Well Done, Please!" to make sure they are all extra crispy.
We were all in!  We sat back and waited for our food.
And then we waited some more.
And waited more...
And...
After all the tables that were seated after us in this relatively empty restaurant got their food, we inquired about ours.  
The food came out shortly after our inquiry - timely!  Let's Eat!
If you eat with your eyes first, the first "bite" delivered a warning: the bread to meat ratio was off (WAAAAY too much bread).  #CarbLoading - got it.
Okay, not quite what we wanted. How about our frie-aye yai yai-ssss!  Oh No! All our fries were FAR from well done - soft, soggy, flaccid sticks of grease-potatoes.
Well, uh.... let's tuck into their best selling item.  Very teriyaki-ey.  Woah.  Okay, it said "teriyaki" on the menu.  Buyer beware.  This is definitely a teriyaki-ey bite of food.  
Um... it is under room temp.  A teriyaki-ey bite of cool food.
Okay... well, uh... too hungry to send it back.  Let's just eat... inedible sinew.
YUP - Like chewy bites of under room temp teriyaki-ey rubber!  (Oooooo, I'm gonna save a bit of this in my pocket, for chewin' in the baseball field or throwing at a stranger on the street!)
A memorable outing, for sure.  So memorable in fact that today, roughly 2 weeks after this visit, I feel compelled to write a review of Bernie's.
The place looks nice, and it has a bunch of good reviews.  My local friend stands by it as "just bad bad lunch".  So, take this for what it is worth. 
At just shy of $15.00 a sandwich, I'd want a bit more good, if not simply even edible, food.Update: came back here with my sister for brunch and it was not good. We arrived a few minutes after opening and they weren't ready so we sat for a bit to give them time to set up. Once they were ready, we explored the buffet and the food was STILL COLD. The mimosas, which were once included in the price of brunch, were charged separately. We decided just not to say anything because we were so annoyed with the terrible service. I would strongly consider going elsewhere if someone recommends this restaurant.WOW. Honestly surprised this place is still open after the service we got tonight and in recent months. Began stopping in with coworkers over the past year for happy hour and snacks. Food was ok, it became a running joke how the waitstaff would always come back to the table at least twice during each visit to let us know they were out of an item we ordered. Sometimes an appetizer, other times a dinner dish or particular beer. Whatever. Staff was polite and prices were decent. Good location etc.
On a visit earlier this summer we had a large group. Despite the service being a bit inattentive and them being out of a couple items, meal was fine. We paid the bill in mostly cash with a small bit on a card, which was clearly explained (and written down specifically to avoid confusion). My friend's credit card showed charge of $25 confirmed on receipt. Next day her debit account shows charge of almost $300. We went back right away to inquire about charge and was brushed off by staff explaining the waiter likely typed amount in wrong then corrected it, and she should wait for it to "drop off" before coming back. I've worked in customer service for 20+ years. This happens. Charge dropped off after one day... Still quite a bit of money though which could've caused a big problem for her.
So cut to a few months later...We give this place one more try..
Yeah. Sorry this is a long read I've got some grievances. Tonight in a nearly empty dining room, not even 5pm host tells/warns us "there's only one waiter... we have a big party outside."
Should've taken that as a sign. Tried getting nachos and City wide beer special, after waiting 20+ min waiter explains no nachos on menu and he has to check back with bartender who has to "look up what beer it comes with". We substitute with enchiladas hope for the best. Get our drinks after another long while and after more waiting, end up getting served nachos which they realized were available. ??? Ok. After eating we decide to call it a night to avoid waiting another half hour to order and another twenty to get one more drink. Waiter is polite but not quite apologetic. Felt sympathy for him as it seemed the rest of the dining room could not get served even an order of water and were starting to get vocally disappointed.
We were eventually given the check, after setting down cash were brought a SECOND check, he vaguely commented the first one was incorrect (nachos/enchiladas have a 2 dollar price difference) and we were charged for the higher price item...got no accommodations for long wait etc... 
Am never ever going back. This place really needs to get it's S**T together. Good luck if you go here.Ok, we figured we'd try this place BUT now I'm very sorry!  Just got my chicken sandwich with uncooked chicken. NEED I SAY MORE???Awesome bar. I came in latenight on a Wednesday a couple weeks back for a beer or two. My bartender was awesome and we had some nice small talk. So impressed with the place that I've already come back twice and brought two new people. Really loved their lavender cocktail. Can't wait to go backNope.
Burger took 19 minutes. Turns out it was well done which I'm baffled at so maybe that's why? I asked for med well. Sooooo dry
Fries were warm and BARELY acceptable. 
The bun seemed like something youd buy in the grocery store and lettuce was just ice berg. I mention this bc for 15 bucks, excluding soda which is $2-$3 more, at least toast the bun or act like the cost is justified. Also 15 for iceberg topped burger is just lazy. Honestly it wouldn't beat Wendy's for cost and taste. Even in & out tries harder even if a lower price point. 
ORDER: wait staff
JEANS: ok by farCame here for Valentines dinner. I ordered from the special three course menu for the night. One waiter took our order and one delivered our first 2 courses. NO ONE came to check on us throughout our meal. The food tasted ok but both of our meals were cold. We waited 30 minutes for someone to come over and clear our entree plates and bring our dessert that we ordered in the very beginning. There was one waitress in the section we were seated in that was serving every table but ours. After 30 minutes of waiting we flagged her down. We explained the situation to her and were given no apology or explanation to why we didn't have a waiter. She just brought out our dessert (which was also cold) and the check. There really wasn't too many people there so the service shouldn't have been lacking. Being the only table in the section without service was annoying. Wasn't a great way to spend our Valentine's Day.From the time we walked in... the service was lack luster. We had the bottomless Mimosa brunch buffet and everything was like warm. The best thing about our experience was the chef making the eggs and pancakes. He was so friendly. Our service sucked because our waitress was very inattentive. When we wanted to leave, we waited for over 30 minutes, and still, no one came. 
We walked up to the bar and met Tray. I explained to him how my party of 4 had been waiting over a half an hour to cash out. He didn't apologize at all and was very rude as he explained the waitress had to run to the liquor store. NONE OF MY BUSINESS. I told him that, too. And he said to me, aggressively, "WASSUP?!"  Like he wanted to fight me - I was shocked. As, I clearly, in my cutesy brunch lay wasn't even engaging in anything physical  k told him I was gonna record him if he was gonna continue. And he did... so I did.  I felt so shocked, I've never experienced anything like that in my life. I asked to speak to the manager and he said he was the manager, and said "so, now what?!, now what?! Get the fuck out, it's only $90" 
I felt scared and really upset. I've never felt so threatened in an establishment. Thank god we were comped. I left. I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THIS PLACE AGAIN. 
Safe to say - I'm never ever coming back. 
Safe to say I'm NEVER GOING.The black bean burger is so damn good. I was honestly convinced it was real hamburger. Service was excellent. Food was on point. Definitely recommend.Food was good, service was lame. We had a fine dinner, just took us about 40 minutes longer than it should have. There was a long wait for our appetizer, longer wait for entrees and even longer wait for our daughters meal. Servers were friendly, but not very responsive. Burgers were good, sweet potato fries too. Just can't get past the service.My friend and I found out the place we were going to go for lunch was closed, so we decided to drop by Bernie's due to the new buzz and at the recommendation of our friend. The venue is beautiful - they had handmade glasses that looks like a can, and super cute wooden cubes to give you the check at the end. The whole restaurant has a modern rustic aesthetic. It is bright and welcoming.
The brunch menu is on the slightly more expensive side but it's fairly priced. My friend had the egg omelette and I had the two scrambled eggs. Both of our dishes came with home fries and toast. The eggs were ok. The home fries were very crispy. I personally prefer softer home fries, but my friend very much enjoyed the crunch with the fries, and he says it's the best home fries he has ever had. The service was relatively fast, and ambience was serene and enjoyable. I just expected a tiiiiiny bit more for paying a decent amount for brunch.
We didn't get a chance to try out its drinks and appetizers, which seems to be the main attraction. But I will definitely check it out again!This restaurant opened up in a great location with a great versatile menu.
The ambiance was a cute idea but unfortunately because of the location and set up, the seating was REALLY tight next to each other. To the point I had to take my coat and bag off to get into my seat. There was some open communal tables, but if you're handicapped or with someone who needs a little more room, this may not be the place to go. It was also really close that they gave us the wrong appetizer. They awkwardly took it and TRIED to give it to the table next to us realizing you can't just pick up food and put it on another table.
For the food, I got the poutine and cheesesteak with mac and cheese! The poutine was alright. I've never had it before so I figured I'd try. It was a large serving so be sure to share with multiple people. As for the cheesesteak it was really good, the meat was tender and not the typical cheap shredded up meat, but instead they were small blocks almost. It was a new twist. As for the mac and cheese, it was nice and cooked in the bowl that it was served in.
To top it off, I didn't realize until later but they charged us full price for everything when my macaroni and cheese, poutine and drinks should've all been cheaper! They apologized and said because I left they couldn't do anything but it was a significant difference in price.
Overall, this place wasn't terrible but there was nothing special that will bring me back. If a friend wants to go though, why not?This was one of the worst dining experiences I have had in a long while. Please read through for a complete play by play as to why. Came here for dinner with a big group this past Tuesday around 6PM. The restaurant was at most half full. There were a few groups at the bar for happy hour, a few tables on the back patio, our big table and a few other tables seated. 
So when we started ordering food, I asked for the paella and the waitress kindly told me they were out and in my head I thought... ok. Hasn't dinner service just started?? Either way, I shook it off and ordered the crab cakes. As did 8 others at my table. On top of our entrees, we also ordered the jerk chicken nachos for the table, the cheesesteak egg rolls, the honey bbq Bernie's wings, the skillet Mac and cheese and the Parmesan potatoes.
Our nachos came out and the waitress at no time brought us each little plates or utensils to eat off of. We essentially just picked and ate from the shared plates and held the food in our hands as we ate. My friend next to me ordered the French onion soup and had no spoon. He tried to wave down the waitress and she very rushingly told him to wait for her to come back so he waited another 2-3 minute to be able to ASK her for a spoon. 
So then another half hour (at this point probably 645pm) until she comes over and tells us that unfortunately they have run out of crab cakes and two people from our table have to switch their meals. Sure, fine, we complied. 
Around 7:15pm, 7 out of 8 promised crab cake dishes come out and one person still hasn't gotten hers. About 10 minutes go by before the waitress comes back to tell her that apparently they accidentally served her crab cake dish to another table and that communication went awry at some point. So the two of them go through the menu to see what item can come out in a timely fashion (apparently the buttermilk fried chicken would have taken too long to come out so my friend was encouraged not to get it--she got the Thai basil chicken instead).
Once most meals are out, we start to eat and I'm someone who likes to have all components of my expected meal at once, ie. the sides. They're sides to the main meal aren't they? So at 7:30 I wave the waitress down to check if the Mac and cheese and the potatoes are still on their way? She looks at me blankly and asks "they should've come out already haven't they?" Would I be asking if they hadn't?
She runs to check and comes back 5 minutes later. Apparently they served their last order of the Parmesan potatoes minutes before... and she turns to me and says that they didn't start making my Mac and cheese because they just got a large order from another table.... and then asks if I still want the kitchen to fire the Mac and cheese now. At this point I was exhausted from all the communication mishaps and I said no.
And that Thai basil chicken they made my friend switch to, came out raw in the middle still!
I'm not an uptight or high maintenance customer and usually pretty forgiving. But for a pretty established restaurant at this point, and at the beginning of dinner service on a not very busy night, how can that many things be out and how can that many "communication" mistakes be made? Absolutely inexcusable. Like another reviewer has articulated, no one was taking responsibility or apologetic about our poor experience. No compensation or offer at all for the mishaps.
On top of that, food was just okay. I'll continue to take my business down the street to White Dog.The absolute best!! Delicious food, delectable drinks, impeccable service and a lovely atmosphere!Criminally underrated. This place is warm, friendly, and attentive. The food is great, the drinks are lovely, the service is fantastic, and the space is stylish & sleek with clean lines & warm lighting.Brunch is fantastic! Always friendly service. Omelet dishes are my favorite! The atmosphere is fun and light and the music selection suits the environment very well. Overall extremely enjoyable time.Terrible service, like something out of a bad movie. I hesitated to come here with friends because I had been here for drinks before, and the service was bad and the food overpriced then. This time was an even worse experience. Bravo.The food on the menu did not match what was served.  The food was subpar at best.  I would NOT waste your time or money!  Big disappointment for a night out.ITS CLOSED LOL
Idk why but it's closed now sign on the door u can go check "effective immediately". it's weird but true.Came here with a friend for Brunch. Food is served from 12-3 pm buffet style for $30; which also includes unlimited Mimosas. As a New Yorker who loves brunch, this is an AMAZING DEAL. There were a lot of food options; pancake/ waffle bar (made to order), omelette bar (made to order), salad bar (self serve), and various other breakfast and lunch foods. Some of the dishes were seasoned well but the fried chicken and Mac and cheese needed more flavor. Overall, I would come back here. I enjoyed the music that was playing, the service was great, and the decor is nice. The only constructive feedback I have is mimosas should be provided in a pitcher so that the server doesn't have to go back and forth to the bar so often. Also, please note that 20% tip is included in your bill during lunch.Great service, great meal, reasonable prices.  5 of us ate at Bernie's during PENN Family Weekend, and had a terrific time.  We ordered the panko chicken strip appetizer, and a variety of meals, ranging from the Caesar salad to burgers.  Everything was served promptly and cooked to our specifications.  Our server was attentive, flexible, and courteous.  We will definitely be returning on our next trip to Philly!