Hearts this place and need to return very soon to enjoy brunch. Ive heard nothing but good things about this place by word of mouth and of course yelp. I usually don't spend a lot of time in the grays ferry area (i need to change this). It was pretty empty when i arrived and the dining space isn't very big so i wouldn't suggest coming here with more than 3 or 4 peeps. The baked goods caught my eye and it took me a while to decide on the black velvet cupcake and an iced coffee. I wasn't expecting so many options for sweets but i know where to come when I'm having a craving.
They also accept level up LOVEA local cafe featuring small sandwiches but with a feature of locally sourced ingredient sweets!  This is a must visit when in Graduate Hospital area if Philadelphia.  The oatmeal easing cookie was one of the best and freshest I've had in years.  It's a large cookie with a crispy edge.  Lots of rolled toasted oats and a light brown sugar flavor adds to the slightly chewy texture.  Just sweet enough and not the great oily mess that comes along with other soft oatmeal cookies. Raisins were plentiful and plump throughout the cookie also!
Ginger Snap was a chewy spicy delight!  Had a lot of ginger flavor and enough chewiness!  I simply had it with some milk but would pair wonderfully with a mulled wine or cider or even some fall seasonal beers.  The 
Today I had the Squash Blossom cupcake that was made with my favorite pumpkin beer (Weyerbacher Imperial Pumpkin Ale) with a butternut squash cream icing sprinkled with toasted pumpkin seed crumble.  Betty's is THE place to go for authentic local baking with a flavor uniquely Philadelphia.Hands down - this is the BEST cupcakes I've ever eaten.  Though Betty is known for her fudge, she outdid herself when creating cupcakes.  I had a chocolate peanut butter cupcake...and the only word I can think of the describe it is "sinful"!  It was sooooooo moist, it crumbled, since I was eating it with a fork as it was too big to bite into.  Betty does a nice job with the presentation of the cupcakes and has a variety of flavors to choose from.
Her store front is very cute and has a relaxed atmosphere.  There are a good choice of bakery products available for purchase.  I did try some other items, but the one that really sold me was this cupcake!  
If you are ever in this area of the city, you must do yourself a favor and stop by Betty's shop.  You won't be disappointed!  The encounter you have will be this...you will walk into the store, order your cupcake, eat your cupcake, and walk away smiling and saying to yourself "That was one darn awesome cupcake!"A charming cafe with crowded tables, homemade baked goods, and remarkably tasty chocolate drinks.  Service is friendly even if it isn't fast.  There's a resident baby, and a bunch of wooden furniture jammed into the tiny confines of the front room.  This isn't what my grandmother's house was like, but it sort of made me imagine that it was someone's.Amazing cupcakes, worst business interaction ever.
I sought out Betty's Speakeasy because I was looking for cupcakes for my wedding. A previous baker had taken eight weeks to get us a quote, so we jumped ship. After corresponding with the owner, Liz, about our wedding needs we set up a tasting based on the selections we made from her catering brochure that she emailed us. (The link is here: http://db.tt/GJRVFKtV , also on their website) When we got to the tiny shop on Dec 11, it felt quaint. We were given 9 delicious cupcakes to try. We brought the brochure with us & made notes, and we were given time to talk it out. We selected 6 different varieties, 2 with little tweaks to pay homage to my fiancée's childhood faves, and we decided on 15 dozen cupcakes, a small cake to cut, and we needed delivery and set-up. We based our selections on flavor, but we based the amounts on the pricing in the brochure. Liz quickly did a little math on her iPad, and her rough estimate was around where ours was, so we agreed that she would email me a quote in the next few days.  On Dec 14, Liz sent an email saying that the shop was busy and she'd have the quote to me the next day. Given that we were close to the holidays I gave a little leeway, but I was also wary because our last baker had really taken way too long to be in touch, so I emailed Liz again on the 21st after we still hadn't received the quote. Finally on Dec 24, I received a quote that was 20% higher than the rough estimate we had all discussed at the tasting.
When I compared the prices to the brochure they didn't match. We looked to see if the prices increased on the cupcakes we had added ingredients to, but they were the same price as those that we hadn't adjusted. I emailed Liz on Dec 26 to discuss this, knowing the shop would reopen on Dec 27, and waited a few days her response. When it didn't arrive, I called her on Dec 30, but she was not in the shop so I left a message. I called again on Jan 3, but again she was "in the kitchen and unavailable" and would call me back. I finally caught her on Jan 4 and had a conversation where I explained that I was sorry if I was being a pain, but I needed to understand why there was a 20% increase, given that the numbers we were working with were from the document she herself provided. The overall vibe was tense, like she was trying to strong-arm me into these prices. The answer was that there is different pricing for wedding cupcakes. I was told that the cupcakes available on the catering and special events menu are not held to the same high standard, and when "cupcakes will be at events where there's a lot of photography" they prefer to take more time with them.  The photography line got me. I was seriously distraught.  
She told me there's a wedding brochure (Here: http://db.tt/1VwxJts), and those prices are different. I asked why she hadn't sent that, and she had no explanation. I asked why she wasn't responsive and she gave me some lame "it's the holidays" excuse. She said she'd email me the wedding brochure that night. I clarified to make sure it would REALLY be that night. For your reference, it was the next night.  Anyway, the amounts on the wedding brochure also didn't match the amounts on the quote. 
To me good customer service would dictate that she would own up to her mistake of sending the wrong brochure and using it for our rough estimate. I would accept a compromise where the cupcakes we didn't alter would be the catering menu price, and we could pay the wedding menu price for the cupcakes we added stuff too. Because I was still willing to try to come to some agreement I wanted to have a conversation face to face, since I was sick of her dodging me. However, I didn't want to seem confrontational, so I wrote an email asking that we schedule something.
After I sent the email, it hit me that nothing she could say would make me feel better about what happened. I lost faith that even if she gave us the lower pricing the cupcakes would show up messed up and she would just say "we pay special attention to cupcakes we consider WEDDING cupcakes, you should have sprung for them!". Nobody deserves to worry about this type of stuff. It's cake. I wanted what she sells at the price she originally offered it. She was probably dodging my calls because she decided to up the prices and didn't want to defend it. I get that times are tough, but 20% is nuts. 
I've moved on to different bakers because there are other places that make good cupcakes. I admit the cupcakes at Betty's Speakeasy are delicious. They are small, but I was buying them for my wedding and taste was my biggest concern so I didn't care. I was actually sad that I can't give them to my guests. But I would never give money to a business that treats their customers this way. I will not recommend them to my friends. I will not recommend them to you, because everyone deserves to be treated with dignity, even if it is over flour, sugar and eggs.thanks to the two ladies behind the counter yesterday afternoon(5/29) for being so friendly and helping me out!(i'm the asian guy with the red tshirt)
i had a few hours to kill and was wandering around philly and decided to check my mobile yelp app and this place was the top spot that showed up in the area i was in.
i stopped in and tried two cute little cupcakes and a coffee.  one black magic(i think) and one coconut.  I especially liked the coconut one.  I think the coffee was actually an americano.  It was really quite tasty.
Thanks again for the recommendations, ladies.  I went to Pat's and then checked out the Art Museum area like you suggested.  :)We stumbled upon this place by accident while wandering around the other day, and it was certainly worth poking our heads in. The first time we went I sampled a tiny, adorable button of Earl Grey fudge---soft, pliable, but not sticky or messy at all---and bought a four pack of the Original, which was vaguely peanut butter-y and just as delicious. I would have liked if they had maybe ONE more table, but that was really my only nitpick.
Today, we went back and ordered drinks, trying out the fizzes. I had no idea what they were, but it sounded refreshing. What you end up getting is a fudge-syrup base (several different flavors, which can also be made as hot chocolates), vanilla ice cream, and seltzer. Sounds weird, but tastes great. I got the Supreme, which is Grand Marnier and Orange, and my boyfriend got the Lavender Herb... which he also really liked. In fact, it looked so good that the other customer already seated there ordered it immediately after seeing his drink.
We also tried the strawberry rhubarb crumble, which was deliciously sweet, tart, and sticky. There were several cupcakes under a glass display case that also looked extremely tempting.
There is also free wifi, and while we were sitting and web browsing, far from rushing us out, the woman behind the counter bought us two tiny buttons of fudge samples on a plate! If you're in the neighborhood, definitely check it out. It's cute (all shabby-chic and pleasant blue paint and a bookshelf of gourmet baking goodies), reasonably priced, friendly, and deliciousI am currently eating my phenomenal cupcake and lamenting how close to my home this place is.  I may never fit in my cloths again!
I stopped by with a friend because she had heard about the "Lava" Fudge Sauce and I had heard about the "real" fudge.  The little shop hidden on Grey's Ferry just down from Grace Tavern had me at "baked goods", but little did I know what I was in for.  One of the bake shop employees was eager to have me smell one of their Frangelica cupcakes (I wish I remember the swanky name).  One whiff of the heavenly aroma and I was in.  We also were offered a sample of their Espresso Fudge which was equally delish!  
Eager to support local business I bought 2 cupcakes for 2 bucks each (notably one buck less than the other swanky cupcake shop in neighborhood, although smaller) for after dinner.
An now I am sitting on my couch.  Smeared with crumbs from my frangelica soaked cupcake goodness.  Wondering if I have the will power not to eat the other cupcake immediately (and then go and buy 10 more). And wishing elastic waist pants were still cool.Sweets are good, but service was lacking. We ordered food for lunch & they kept us waiting about 15 minutes before they finally admitted that they didn't even have the ingredients yet & would have to go get them first. We left to eat somewhere else after wasting our time waiting for nothing.Betty's Speakeasy is a little chocolate shop/bakery/cafe tucked away down in the Graduate Hospital area, close to Grace Tavern and Trophy Bikes, but easily passible if you don't keep your eyes open.  The first time my friends and I entered, I was struck by the awesome cuteness of the place, the counter full of fudge and chocolates, the delicious smell, and the quaintness of all those who worked there.  I also loved the fact that there are only two tables inside, a dining table for six, and a small window table for two.  I  feel that if there were ever more than two folks in the shop, they would have to acknowledge each other, which I believe is a great way to meet new and interesting people. 
The first time we were there, we quickly sampled and bought some fudge, which was incredible, and swore that we would come back.  We then proceeded to come back between once or twice a week trying new and interesting things such as the fizzes and some of their cheese.  The fizzes are delicious and fresh and you wish you had forty more after you sip down your first one.  The desserts are delicious and freshly made, especially the strawberry rhubarb crumble.  
The staff are all pretty great and really generous with free small samples of new and different fudges, and they seem super talented, especially when we went in and saw them finishing up what looked like a delicious cake.  
In conclusion, this is a terribly written testament to the absolute awesomeness of Betty's.  I would highly recommend it to anyone!If I could graft a cupcake to my hand that would regenerate constantly as I ate it, it would definitely be from Betty's. 
First of all, before we get to the amazingness that you can ingest-- can we talk about the super cute decor? It definitely has a vintage speakeasy coziness to it. Warm lighting, lots of natural wood, and the super cute button related accessories dotted throughout the store. It's just very comfortable inside, which is always a nice feeling. 
Onto the food!
My boyfriend and I decided on the Growler and the Brawler, and we would split each. I got myself a hot chocolate with orange.(it was more complicated than that, but I can't remember exactly) The cupcakes were beautiful, they were the perfect size, had the perfect amount of icing, and the flavors were perfectly balanced. 
The growler is a rich chocolate cake made with Victory Storm King Stout, and topped with a brown butter icing. The brawler is a spiced apple cake where the apples are brewed in Yards Brawler Ale. Both were absolutely delicious but both of us preferred the Brawler, the richness that the Stout added to the cake was just absolutely fantastic and the icing was soooo good. 
The hot chocolate was absolutely fantastic as well, I wish I could remember what was in it. 
I want to go back right now.... I think I might.The outside isn't labelled & the restaurant itself is tucked in a corner.  Their delicious sandwiches  were made w/ fresh  & unique ingredients.   I wish I had tried the beer bread.  The cupcakes were moist & yummy.  I'll be back for coffee & try their soups on a cooler day.  They have all local ingredients which is cool & so is the ambience.2.5 stars...
Betty's Speakeasy is cozy coffee shop/cafe that seems to specialize in cupcakes but they have other baked good, sandwiches, and of course coffee.
I must have caught a couple bad batches or something because I had two cupcakes and they were pretty bad. The shop was cute, the guy helping me was very friendly, but the cupcakes just weren't good. I don't remember the exact flavor names as everything they have is pretty unique (they have one made with stout that landed them on Unique Sweets on the Cooking Channel) but one was a pear and one was chocolate with strawberry frosting. The chocolate looked as if someone took the wrapper halfway off and tried putting it back on, the cupcake was sort of missing some of the cake part. Both cupcakes were incredibly dry, especially the pear one which I just ended up throwing out because it was inedibly dry. 
I also had a molasses cookie which was a lot better. Nothing outstanding about it but definitely a good cookie.As I searched for a place to plug in my laptop and nosh on a tasty treat I came across Betty's Speakeasy. Free wifi and cupcakes... how can that be beat? 
I started with brand spanking new devil's foodcake cupcake made with a porter with mint cream icing. It was delish! I had to fight myself to keep from buying another one.... especially since no prices were listed.
I felt like it was time for more of a meal so I chose the grilled cheese sandwich with cheddar on a baguette. Big mistake. After the moist deliciousness of the cupcake, I felt like I was trying to tear myself loose from captivity using only my teeth. And to top it off, the entire sandwich (costing me $6.00 mind you) was the size of 100-calorie pack. I ordered grilled cheese so give me grilled cheese! 
All in all, the grilled cheese (with mini side salad), a decaf iced coffee, and a cupcake (the size I make at home) cost me $11.18. Which I feel should rightfully fit into the $$ category. Yeah, it was good, but definitely over-priced for the portion sizes.  
Will I go back? Only if I want to pay $2.50 for a small, but totally delicious cupcake. 3 stars says, "I'm torn on this one."
P.S. Not a great place to plan an plug in your laptop. I was unsuccessful in this venture.Cute little cafe in the Grays Ferry triangle area.  Kind of easy to miss if you're walking by.  Had tea & a sandwich for lunch and both were pretty good.  The owner is nice and friendly.  The place is really really small, however.  I guess I was lucky it wasn't full when I came, but it would feel crowded with 10 people in there.  Will come back for their fixed price dinners & a cupcake.Great little cafe. Our barista was super friendly and accommodating. He made sandwiches for us off the menu. Had an iced coffee with it. Sandwich was made with good ingredients and came with a side salad with a very nice vinaigrette dressing. This small place has charm.Excellent coffee using Jean-Luc's (of Cafe Laube) specially roasted beans. Great vibe, friendly staff, amazing sandwiches and an extremely long selection of not-too-sweet beverages. You can't go wrong.This just opened up a few weeks ago, and they sell fudges and hot chocolate and tea.  It's got cute decor.What caught my attention about this venue was the name, "Betty's Speakeasy"(how cute!), and their intriguing cupcake selection.  I made my first visit today and was not disappointed. Wonderful staff, a lovely setup, everything looked and sounded delicious(and all natural). I ordered a Growler (chocolate stout cupcake) with a coffee, and left completely satisfied. I have every intention of going back and trying everything they have to offer.I've been buying little treats from Betty's Tasty Button's table at the Clark Park farmer's market for a while now.  The packages of fudge are perfect to split with someone while sitting in the park.  I've had really complex combinations like white chocolate and basil, and even a kind with bleu cheese! I also have a jar of hot fudge made with maple and spices like cardamom and cloves...ohhhh, it's wonderful.  
Now on to the storefront.  Geez, this place is TOO close to my work.  And those cupcakes are too good for me to stay away.  I took my mom, in town from Pittsburgh, here one day when she met me after work.  This place is really hip and really cute, but not so much that I felt weird taking my mom.  The ladies behind the counter were incredibly helpful.  I basically asked "I've heard everything is amazing, which is your favorite?"  
We got our cupcakes and a yummy cup of coffee and sat down in the cute (but tiny) sitting area.  I ended up getting one of the Brawler cupcakes and my mom got...hmm, I don't remember but something moist, fluffy and chocolatey and perfect.  The Brawler, I think I liked better.  It's made with Yard's Brawler- one of my favorite beers, anyway.  They topped it I believe with a brown sugar buttercream.  It was almost like a spice cake, but really complex and wonderful. One of the best cupcakes I've ever had, really.  
Over all, I think I might have to label Betty's Speakeasy as The Best Cupcake in Philly.  There, I said it.  Oh, and they're only $2- in my opinion the best value for all of the different quality ingredients they use.Came here for brunch this morning with the BF. We pass by this place all the time and finally decided to try it.  It's a small cafe with a few tables and a limited menu, but the food is good.  I had the apple cheddar and bacon sandwich while he had the roasted eggplant omelette.  The sandwich was a solid choice with plenty of crisp apples, warm cheddar, smoky bacon, and honey on a sliced french baguette with salad.  His omelette was also delicious: fluffy scrambled eggs wrapped around roasted eggplant and goat cheese that could be on par with any of Philadelphia's top bruncheries.
The one thing I didn't like was the service.  The food and coffee both took a long time to come out of the kitchen and during our meal, three different people waited on us.  I'll give them a pass for now, considering their strength lies more in take out and coffee, but if they want to expand or market their dine-in service, they need to do a better job making the customers feel comfortable and taken care of.
But regardless, I would totally come back for take out or coffee to go.I went here on the recommendation of some neighbors.  I had a delicious cupcake.  The problem is that it was 2 dollars for a small cupcake.  That to me is a bit expensive.    I was expecting a bigger cupcake for that price.  It *was* really good though. 
I probably can't afford a place that's this cute and is obviously aimed at all the gentrifying yuppies in the neighborhood.I had to wait to do this review until I was sure that Betty's was closed so I wouldn't be tempted.
Easily the best cupcake I've ever had.
We have tried 5 or 6 of the different flavors and each one has been better than the next and they are only like $2 bucks each - that is less than a plain old blueberry muffin!
Bring a box of these to the next dinner party you attend and you will be worshiped as a god*.
*No guarantees. But seriously these are some tasty freaking cupcakes.Amazing. The shop has reopened after a significant hiatus...a happy one, as it turns out; the ladies behind the aprons have been busy fulfilling several corporate accounts for area restaurants and coffee shops, all while trying to expand the Speakeasy to include a full menu. And - fete accompli.
         Sandwiches (on beer bread or whole wheat) and soups join the daily menu offerings, as well as the usual suspects of cheese plates and fudge flights. And the cupcakes...don't get me started.
         The shop is now closed Sundays and Mondays, but the pluses by far outweigh the 2 day downtime. Besides - the girls need some time during which to spin hay into gold. 
         Have I ever mentioned my intense love for L'Aube coffee? My testament that this is, in fact, the BEST roast I have experienced in my life to date? Well, it seems that the Speakeasy has caught onto this and that they concur...THEY HAVE IT. So - why am I still home? 
          I am excited. They are down the street. They have chevre. They have eggs. and soup. and many MANY things I love. And wifi. And my piggy bank is now covered in buttons as a testament.Wow. Review 400. How appropriate that I'm reviewing a bakery, and more specifically, their cupcakes.
I love cupcakes - I bake cupcakes and have become the go-to baker amongst friends and family. And I love unique flavors like the ones I create. For my birthday, I asked that my bf pick up a few cupcakes from Betty's Speakeasy so that I could finally try them with him. Instead of "just a few," he got one of each flavor that they had on offer that day. Awesome bf or what?! He surprised me that night with the box, and after blowing out a cute candle I divided up the cupcakes to begin sampling. The only problem? He couldn't remember the names/flavors of each, so it took some guesswork on my part to identify them:
An almond cupcake, possibly made with some beer, topped with apricot frosting was the first, and it had a nice, spongy crumb, with the perfect cake:frosting ratio. The strawberry cupcake had an intense strawberry flavor I wish I could replicate and was quite moist because of the fruit, with cute pink frosting on top. The blueberry one was my bf's least favorite; it was very dense, like poundcake, with a pronounced blueberry flavor. Then I tried what seemed like a spice cake, maybe with orange undertones, and cream cheese frosting which was DELICIOUS and moist. A mint chocolate cupcake had a very light crumb and chocolate flavor (sadly), but the frosting clearly used FRESH mint with mini chocolate chips on top. Quite refreshing. A chocolate fleur de sel caramel was my favorite of the bunch since the cupcake was dark chocolate, very moist and spongy, with light, fluffy caramel frosting with fleur de sel delicately sprinkled on top. It was the last one in the store, and at only just before noon on a Saturday! Then we ended the tasting with the cupcake that made me want to meet and become friends with the baker: the pancake cupcake. The cupcake may have been sweetened with maple syrup, but it was the really buttery frosting that created the precise effect of butter on top of a stack of pancakes. Reminds me of MY breakfast-inspired cupcake recipe - pancake-like cake, maple frosting, and (wait for it) caramelized bacon bits. Oh snap. 
But seriously, these cupcakes are good. Better (IMHO) than Philly Cupcake which is too preoccupied with looking good. Plus, the homemade aesthetic of Betty's is just so cute! And with awesome, unique flavors like these I am one happy (um, slightly heavier) customer! Now to try all of that FUDGE...This is a great little place for a cup of coffee and a bagel.   It is alittle pricy, but worth dropping in every once in a while.   Their cupcakes are very good, although a little expensive.   
It is definitely worth checking out.I don't know how I've made it this long without walking into this adorable store/cafe.  I live about two blocks away.  I finally made a point to stop by on a Saturday morning.  I usually end up at Ants Pants for my breakfast fix, but figured I'd give Betty's a try.  The people that work there are ridiculously friendly.  I was greeted by a Southern accent immediately, and took my time to peruse the menu.  I ended up ordering the basic egg and cheese on the beer bread.  The beer bread is probably not the best option for this sandwich, but I wanted to try it.  The eggs were cooked omelette style with cheese on top, and there was a nice green salad on the side.  
I also grabbed two cupcakes.  They were not the best because I think they were sitting there over night, but one was a sweet potato, and the other was a lumber jack maple flavored concoction.  They were both good, just a little dry.  They accept level-up which is a big bonus.  The inside is tiny, but seems like the perfect place to bring a book and hang out on a weekend morning.  I will be headed back soon.i was already in love with this place, but now - cheese plates? wow - i don't see any reason to ever leave. available but not officially on the menu yet, i was offered a cheese plate consisting of local artisan cheeses (3 or 7 kinds) paired with beautiful organic spelt bread or rosemary garlic flatbreads, with fresh homemade blueberry compote or grilled peaches. RIDICULOUS! so be advised: if you are there indulging in fudge but crave something savory, just ask. and the other day they had savory scones, so day to day you never know what you're going to get. more reasons to keep going back...
oh, and the new fudge called Green Buddha? my head is still spinning... white chocolate with green tea - is this "betty" a genius? i'm thinking, YES.There must be some magic congenital association between the name "Betty" and outstanding cupcake-making abilities.  First Brown Betty's, and now this?  Eerie.  After seeing that Betty's Speakeasy had just been named the 2009 Best of Philly winner for Cupcakes, I clearly had to swing by. 
The Speakeasy is a charming shop on an awkward wedge of a block near the intersection of South St. and Gray's Ferry, and has only a tiny sign on the door to herald its title (in true speakeasy style, I suppose).  Inside, it has the homey feel of stepping into a baker's kitchen, with sunny staff and a tempting case of handmade delights of various kinds.  They were very patient with my indecision. 
I went with 4 cupcakes, since I was on a tasting mission.  In order of preference: 
(Tie for First): 
1.  It's Always Sunny: Dense, moist (bordering on heavy) pound cake imbued with orange flavor and topped with yellow buttercream bursting with orange zest and Grand Marnier, charmingly piped in a sunburst pattern.  Spectacular.  I am not one for excess frosting (and this was just the right amount), but it was so good that I wanted more!  
1.  Dark & Stormy: Moist rum-soaked pound cake topped with fresh ginger buttercream and drizzled with melted (semisweet?) chocolate.  Oh. my. gosh.  I only intended to eat half of this one on my first round of tasting, but I couldn't stop myself.  Pure pleasure - the ginger is a brilliant stroke.  Clear, intense flavors and great execution. 
The other two I liked less: 
3. Black Magic:  Purportedly Betty's signature flavor, a coffee-tinged chocolate cake topped with a sparse latticework of goat milk "cajeta," a form of dulce de leche.  The cake was airy, almost to the point of being unsatisfying.  The chocolate cake was on the bitter side, perhaps aided by the undetectable coffee.  I prefer Brown Betty's chocolate cake, which is denser and more flavorful.  The cajeta had a distinctive taste which I detcted mostly as the goat milk, with less of a burnt sugar flavor than I hoped.  The cajeta was also somewhat dry and sparse, leaving me wishing for more frosting (which I rarely do).  Denser, more chocolatey cake with a more generous serving of frosting with a stronger caramel taste would move me more. 
4. Black Velvet:  Oh Betty. I will give you a Mulligan and not judge you on this, but it was dry as week-old bread.  The cream cheese frosting was great, but the rest was a loss.  I know you've got the skills, so maybe I got a bad batch. 
All in all, this is a wonderful, feel-good establishment using quality ingredients, handcraftsmanship, and creative combinations.  I would like to see them better strike the balance Brown Betty finds between airyness and density in their cakes, and ensure consistency, but this is clearly a hot think-tank of cupcake invention and I WILL be back.  
5 stars for the first two varieties, 2 for the other two.  Yay for the $2 pricetag!Been here several times but had not reviewed as of yet.  Wow!  What a great place.  
1) They are part of a CSA which makes for great convenience and the freshest of ingredients
2) They know their cheese and they have some great purveyors that you would never know about at a local level without them
3) Their cupcakes are some of the most inventive in a washed out cupcake marketplace.  
4) They are some of the nicest people you have ever met.  
My Angel and myself stopped there initially after a wonderful lunch in town for dessert and coffee.  We had a brawler (beer and chocolate!!) and Carrot Cake cupcake and fell in love with the flavor and texture.  We got cheese to take home and were just delighted with the selections made for us.  
I cant recommend these folks more highly.  Give yourself a treat and give them your business.Tired of the same vanilla and chocolate combinations?  Betty's is hands down the cupcake spot for you. 
After the lovely lady at the counter explained to my companions and I what the flavors of the day were, I selected a ginger iced pear and whit beer cupcake.  I was really excited by the potential pairing of ginger and pear.  When the woman took my order I blurted out "Does this taste like beer?  God, I hate beer," in a way that might have come off slightly abrasive (sorry, I was just excited!).  She kindly assured me that it didn't, and she was right. The flavors popped in my mouth with each bite, but mainly what I tasted was ginger.  The icing, though delicious, overpowered the cake instead of accenting it. 
I tried a bit of my friend's cream cheese frosted berry juice infused chocolate cupcake.  The icing tasted too much like cream cheese for my liking, but the berry added an incredible flavor dimension to the chocolate cake.  At first I couldn't taste it at all, but it entered slowly up at the end, so each bite of cake filled your mouth with chocolate followed by a nice berry finish.  My other friend got some sort of coconut cupcake, which he loved.  I considered trying it, for research sake, but the truth is I hate coconut, so I'm just going to recommend it based on his enthusiasm.
The price to cupcake ratio here is perfect.  They're by no means tiny but definitely smaller than average.  At $2.00 a pop, you don't feel like a total glutton if you can't decide and have to sample two, and your wallet isn't hurting.  Since we were filled from brunch at Ant's Pants, we didn't try and of the fudge.  I'll be sure to come back on an empty stomach and make a full meal of the offerings here.Betty's is wonderful. The vibe, the groovy ladies behind the counter, the cool menu lashed to little wooden boards, the innovative approach to hot chocolate, the neighborhood feel, the communal table - I love them all. I love how nice they are to my indecisive children when it's afterschool cupcake time.  I love (though don't take advantage of) the fact that you can pick up your CSA there.
However, what I love most is the cupcakes. Yes, I'm another Philly cupcake addict, and I've done the rounds. I've worked my way through an overly-large and overly-frosted Naked Chocolate megalith. I've waited on a street corner for the Buttercream truck to arrive. I've taken out of town guests to Flying Monkey when we're at Reading Terminal.
But, listen up, people. If you love you some really special cupcakes, get thee to Betty's. The range of cake + frosting flavors is impressive, and innovative, and delicious. My whole family has a consistent favorite (GROOWWLEERRRR!!!!) but if there is a new flavor I haven't tried when I go, I'm likely to try it. Anything with brown butter is wonderful. Or apricot, or local beer. It sounds bizarre, but the squash blossom is divine. 
These cupcakes will outlive the Cupcake Moment in Philly. I'll be jonesing for them in my  80s....woooohooooo....I love cupcakes!  I won't belabor the point here.
The Good: all of the wonderful, tasty, decadent cupcake creations, big and small!
The Bad:  there weren't many offerings for the traditional pallette...their loss.  more Grand Marnier infused butter creme icing for me!
The Ugly:  gluttony...this spot is literally 4 blocks from my house!Phantastic!  What a great little find. Cupcakes are sick.  Cheese plate is wonderful. Company was even better.  Lovely end to a lovely day.
We got the Carrot Cake and Brawler cupcakes and were in love immediately.  
The cheese was wonderful.  We got the 5 cheese so we had Lancaster Smoked Chedder, a local Feta, two raw milk brie type and the Rad Cat.  With the onion marmalade and vanilla sauce...YUM!  
Prices are great as well.Excited to write this review for a few reasons. First, it was my first time going to a place BECAUSE of a Yelp review. Really small, cute spot nestled in graduate hospital. When I say small, there are maybe 2.5 tables in there. My friend and I got the breakfast sandwich on beer bread... her response after eating it was, "Now THIS is a sandwich" and I agreed. It was an amazing sandwich served with a lovely side salad. She told the waitress that it was the "best sandwich she ever ate." Now, this may have been an exaggeration, but it was really good. It loses a star because there was no signage at all. It's like they don't want people to find it. I drove by at least 3 times trying to find this place. Otherwise, thanks Yelp. I will return when I'm in the area.I went for one of the pre-fixe dinners.  It was fantastic.  The food was delicious, the service delightful, and the entire experience great.  4 courses for 45.00, plus byo, plus 2 beer pairings.  It was truly enjoyable.  Definitely book a dinner there.I just love it here so so so much. It's a hidden gem in Graduate Hospital, and I am so happy my landlady suggested I find it when I moved to the area two years ago, because it is easily my favorite place in the neighborhood. 
I love popping in for a cup of coffee and a grilled cheese sandwhich with apple, bacon, and cheddar on the house made beer bread. It is to die for. 
I love their seasonal dinners and being one of 2 or 3 other tables dining in the tiny place and enjoying the seasonal and local food. 
This place is my favorite!Even if you know that you are headed here, it is entirely likely that you will walk right by this tiny cafe without noticing it (as I have done on more than a few occasions). There isn't a sign outside, and the windows are tinted so that you can't see in (like a real speakeasy, I guess). This all sounds really exclusive and hipster-esque, but once inside you will find a cute, quiet atmosphere with a busy open kitchen and friendly staff. The menu selection is very tiny, although I am always assured that they start the day with more choices. The pastries that they do have definitely hit the spot.I have become a huge fan of Betty's and I consider myself quite the cupcake snob. Simply put, Betty's cupcakes are hands down the best cupcakes and baked goods I have ever had, and I sure have had a few. What makes Betty's Speakeasy so very special is the fact that the owners stay true to their roots and their humble mission to provide organic and locally sourced food in the community. To top it off, in a world where so many are distracted by fluff and bright colors, and artificial flavors, Betty's brings you back to what real ingredients baked properly can taste like while taking you on a journey into the olden days where your know your local baker or corner store proprietor. The apple squares are to die for. I actually call ahead to reserve mine if I know they are being made on any occasional day. You never know what creative flavor of cupcakes will be on display. However, you can indeed be certain that all will reflect what is seasonal and fresh that day. 
I am sure that the owners of this amazing establishment work very hard to make sure their vision stays true to providing the feeling of a quaint, friendly and local business but it appears as if it just happens naturally without any effort at all....
It is hard to find, there is no sign on the front door. This just adds to the excitement that you feel once you have found the "Speakeasy" and feel like you are now part of a special select club that has been let into this secret yet humble little Philadelphian gem!I came here for lunch the other day and got a really killer sandwich with bacon, apples, cheddar and honey. Yummmm.Returned to Betty's for one of their prix fixe dinners.... this one was for Festivus.  One of the best meals I've had in a long time.  Great food, cozy atmosphere (12 diners total), fantastic experience.  5 course meal with beer pairings for just $45, and they threw in bagels to go (to go along with the Festivus theme).  The sunchoke mash and chicken with mushrooms were most memorable, but the cheese plate was a close second.  I will definitely return for another dinner soon.went for my 2nd cupcake a few days ago, and now feel i can review.  both times i had chocolate, once a mocha cupcake and once a black velvet (their answer to red velvet).  cupcakes are priced at $2 apiece, which makes them a little less then some of the competition.  They are also smaller and more snack sized which is a nice thing.  The black velvet seemed to me a little lacking in chocolate flavor, but the frosting was excellent.  The mocha chocolate had great frosting, chocolate flavor and a lovely light cake that was delightful.  I also tried a taste of my friend's lemon pound with strawberry icing--a nice dense pound cake that pound cake lovers should enjoy.  They also have a nice selection of drinks, and are plugged in to the local food community which i think is very great.I have no idea what took me so long to actually show up at their door. After all, it's practically on my walk to and from work everyday. 
It's not like I didn't know about their loveliness for some time now. The first month we moved to Philadelphia, we'd gone to a bbq at our friends house where the host had bought an obscenely huge spread of their cupcakes. And I ate more cupcakes than anything else they had to eat or drink. I've encountered them at various parties since, and I've never had just one.
Fast forward months, seasons, years, and Mr. R and I are wrapping up an underwhelming dinner at a nearby unnamed location and it occurs to us that we can still RESURRECT our dinner experience with a grand finale at Betty's down the block. 
And restore our life, it did. They had four kinds of cupcakes: the growler (chocolate stout cake), the black velvet, dark and stormy (rum soaked ginger cupcake), and a sweet potato concoction. Once they figured out that we weren't kidding about eating them all right there, plates were brought out, along with a large jug of iced water and silverware. I got to cut, and Mr. R got to choose which halves he wanted on his plate.  (We learned our lessons well in kindergarten.) As I was trying not to lick the crumbs off of the cupcake liner, I was wishing I didn't eat so much dinner. And that I didn't have to share the cupcakes with Mr. R. And for the metabolism of a hummingbird (PSA useless knowledge of the day: hummingbirds have the fastest metabolism of all animals except insects). 
Does anyone at work have a birthday next week and want to pretend to know me? I can bring cupcakes in, like we did when we were in elementary school. Then I'd have a reason to call Betty and ask to prepare a tray with a dozen cupcakes of every flavor.For what it is, it doesn't get better than this.  Delicious and reasonably priced light lunches--the roasted vegetable sandwhich, when they have it, is magical.  Not a large selection, but everything they offer is just right.  
And those cupcakes--the only thing that is perhaps a bit on the pricey side (but pricey cupcakes don't break one's budget), but you will never regret splurging on one.  If they have the zucchini with organge zest butter cream topping, buy one and get a foretaste of what heaven must be like.Best cupcakes ever.
They're right around the corner and I can't believe I'm not in there every single day.  Yet.
The cupcakes are delicious and the frosting keeps on giving.  It seems with each bite you discover another yummy  flavor.I love the atmosphere of this place, wooden tables, handwritten chalkboard menu, etc. My friend really wanted to try the cupcakes so we walked over on our lunch hour only to find that the majority of their baked goods case was empty. Only 4 cupcakes to be had and some various tart bars. I got the Linzer tart bar and it was pretty tasty. My friend got the cupcakes which I believe were chocolate with a brown butter frosting. I would love to go back when I knew that there were more varieties of cupcakes available.I stopped in this weekend and purchased 3 cupcakes ($2 each) (dark chocolate made with Victory Storm King Stout, coconut and maple) and two packs of fudge buttons ($2.50 for 4 buttons).  The cupcakes are small, but priced accordingly and ready-to-eat served at room temperature.  I have to admire them for their flavors, they offer a wide variety of both cake & icing combinations.  
The dark chocolate cake with Victory Storm King Stout was a little dry (maybe it was a day or two old), but had a great bittersweet taste.  The maple flavored cupcake was like the marriage of a syrup soaked pancake and a cupcake and the coconut cake was light and airy full of strong vanilla flavors.  
Love the perfectly portioned fudge buttons - the amaretto was fantastic and sweet while the curry, sesame infusion had a nice balance of flavors.Fresh food, great sweets, and friendly folks. I also love the small space, although I wish there was just a bit more leg room- but that doesn't stop me from going.Although I live only one block away, for weeks I thought Betty's was another closed storefront. It's brown smoky storefront bespeaks "abandoned campaign HQ of John Street" rather than "invitingly charming teeny coffeeshop." Also, there is no easily visible sign from the sidewalk. I had no idea it also serves tasty sandwiches in addition to sweets; I can only speak to the cupcakes, which are rather pricey. I spent $32 on a dozen cupcakes for a recent birthday, more than I would have spent on a good cake, I suspect. 
However, compared to the other Betty's dense, poundcake-based softball sized offerings, this Betty's cupcakes are superior. Though smaller, the crumb is moister and tastier, and the still ample frosting isn't overwhelming. 
Service is friendlier than you will find at most local coffeshops. The extra small seating area--I think it seats 8 people, tops--reduces the likelihood that upon entering you will undergo scrutiny by Mr. Hippie Hipster as he blogs away on his MacBook Pro. 
My only desire is that I wish it was bigger and had a sign you can see from across the street.This place is amazing.  I've only been here once, but I intend on going back again and again.  I've walked past here several times, but because there isn't a sign, I didn't realize it was open for business.  On my way to a different coffee shop, I noticed there were people inside and decided to check it out.  I had a coffee with a chocolate lavender scone.  Both were lovely, and I stayed and knitted for a few hours.  By this time, I had heard the girl behind the counter describe their cupcakes and fudge several times, so I figured that was a sign that I needed to bring some home.  I brought home a Growler cupcake (chocolate stout with brown butter frosting), a Carrot cake one and a pistachio sponge cake with raspberry preserves buttercream.  They were fantastic.  I'm very partial to carrot cake, and I was not disappointed.  I'm usually not a fan of cupcakes, but this place has changed my mind.  They always gave me a sample of their "Brotherly Love" fudge, which was AMAZING...so I brought some of that home as well.  The staff is super friendly, and they are very in touch with the surrounding neighborhood.  I'll be going back for lunch, dinner, coffee and cupcakes.  They also have a CSA pickup there which I might also participate in.  Overall, it's a fabulous little place that I'm super glad I found.Worst thing about Betty's? She's closed Mondays. Argggghhhhh. Betty help - what am I to do on Mondays?????I waited for a special moment to write about Betty's Speakeasy. Maybe now that my belly is full of delicious lunch from there, I am ready. 
HOW and WHY did it take me a whole year to find out about this place! Perhaps the speakeasy aspect is really working here... I am in true love with this place. 
Why? Well because of all of the delicious food, fudge, and baked goods they have provided my mouth with, time and time again. Lunchtime is so so good here, and there really aren't even that many options. It doesn't matter. Get whatever is on the blackboard, trust me.
I have had the sauteed greens sandwich, served on their delicious homemade beer bread, and just recently the roasted zucchini/eggplant (mine came with eggplant because they were out of zucchini), served with a tasty little side salad and PICKLED corn on the cob. I didn't even know you could do that. WOW. 
The thing that so clearly shouts LOVE from this place is the fact they use only fresh local produce, so they pretty much cook with whatever is on hand. If they run out they'll try to substitute something (ie the roasted eggplant, win), and everything is house made fresh and delicious. The breads, pastries and sweets are all to die for. Cupcakes & fudge are both unique and special. The beer bread is bananas. Not as in made with bananas, as in ridiculously good I don't have a word for it.
The owners are sweet and friendly, and the store is cozy and decorated as you'd imagine a little farm stand might be. 
I can't WAIT to try out brunch/breakfast & their special dinners!The place is nice, the people are nice...the prices are great.  The cupcakes were just okay.  People need to relax about cupcakes, though.  
This is the place to go if you want an honest, homemade snack.bettys should be named "too close to my house"
Sara brought me in here, as the past two times her and I tried they were closed! Really Betty, it's called a speakeasy, you should be open late at night! 
The place is just too damn cute. I want to go there and write a novel or a screenplay while drinking ice water in a gorgeous carafe.
The gal working on sunday was a sweetie. She told us what kind of cupcakes were on for today. She brought us a carafe of water and two glasses which is such a special touch. Reminded me of service in Japan.
Sara had a mocha cupcake with yummy coffee frosting. I had lemon poundcake which was tasty, but I would go for a vanilla or choc one next time. The strawberry frosting was awesome. I'm all about frosting!
Will definitely return, but will try to limit to once a week!yay for free yelp cider! today they had five different cupcakes! whats a girl to do? carrot cake............delish
i heart bettysI try to resist walking by this place because when I do I HAVE to go in and grab a cupcake. The meals available changes all the time and is always fresh.betty has been busy in philadelphia....
first, there's brown betty...then there's smokin' betty...now a speakeasy?  (yes, i know they're not related!)
one could almost walk by this shop and miss it--and thank goodness, because a grace tavern burger followed by snacks from this place would cause me to become a heffalump in 2 days.
cute interior, lots of treats hidden among the shelves--fudge to ginger candy and sauces galore.  a menu of tasting chocolates and cheeses...but i think the crowning glory are the cupcakes.  if you're looking for a more dense cupcake, this is your answer.  their flavor combinations are rich and complex.  
there are times and occasions for these cupcakes...but i think i like the other betty for all occasions...Perhaps the "Speakeasy" part of the name rings a little too true - if my boyfriend hadn't pointed out the business, I probably would have passed it by dozens of times before realizing it. But behind the darkened windows lies a delightful little nook with great coffee, affordable bites and friendly staff members. 
And cupcakes. Beautiful, perfect cupcakes... that I have yet to try! I know, I know, cupcake-queen and all that jazz. I definitely need to check those out. In the meantime, I'm loving their coffee (which unfortunately only comes in one size, although it's hella strong). I also enjoyed my breakfast sandwich yesterday, with egg whites, smoked cheddar and bacon on a crusty baguette with a lovely side of greens with pesto dressing. 
This is a great neighborhood spot!I like their cupcakes - and their other little treats.  However, in a city where there are TONS of little cupcake places, and in a neighborhood where there are tons of other coffee shops, seems like there are other alternatives that are worth my time and money!
They do have a a cute sitting area, where you can people watch many strange characters.  Additionally, they do have wireless, which is fun.  However, there are SO many other options.  Go here if you are around, but don't necessarily seek it out.5 different kinds of hot chocolate, fresh brewed coffee, and loose leaf teas for $2 each, delicious cupcakes for $1.50 each, tons for fudge choices, and fresh herbs (e.g. oregano, parsley, chives, basil, mint, rosemary, etc) for less than $2.
mellow music, smells delicious, wifi coming soon!