Great pizza selections. Probably my favorite spot to order delivery pizza from. Great stop for customized and gourmet pizzaThe 3 star rating they have doesn't justify their food. Wings are delicious pizza is good. This is my go to spot for ordering out. I'm about to make an order as we speak. However, they got my wing order wrong. Ordered bone-in and got boneless "wings" which aren't even wings. It's chunks of breast meat. Last time I checked breast meat is cheaper than wings but they sell it for the same price. Nevertheless the food is great!It's a hit or miss pizza place. I do like that they are on GrubHub. The pizza is soggy/undercooked at times. Other times they are right on. The cheesesteaks are my daughter's favorite.pizza, burgers, chicken tenders and mozzarella bacon fries are my favorite items on the menu! I have tried some of their appetizers and blahhh I wouldn't really experiment if it's my first time ordering from here. Their delivery time is amazing, they come to my door in like 20 min.Pizza is huge. Up to 36" pizzas. For amazing prices. Buffalo wings are amazing and the blue cheese isn't watery like most places around here.Awesome pizza and incredible foods on their huge menu. They are always prompt and helpful to any requests. I ordered a pizza so large from here that I needed to transport it in the bed of my pick up truck. Give them a try.best service, delivery, and food anyone in the northeast can offer! If you haven't tried the sweet chili wings, you are truly missing out! We order from this wonderful place atleast once a week! Choose Big Ben over the competition! You won't regret it!!!!Good for a quick meal. its right around the corner so its convenient. there was nothing here i didnt like except their wings. way too big. look like they are injected with steroids. good boneless wings and steaksThe 3 star rating they have doesn't justify their food. Wings are delicious pizza is good. This is my go to spot for ordering out. However, the Penne ala Vodka w chicken wasn't good. It tasted like it was from a can. They also forgot the chicken. I still give 4 stars because they are normally good.I don't get why this gets so many positive reviews. We haven't tried their sandwiches or pasta but two of their fancier pizzas that we ordered were utterly disappointing - I'd expect better from Domino's. They also really skimp on components - Scallop Alfredo was all cheese and barely any scallops.Amira, was the nice young lady over the phone, she was fantastic and super helpful. It's a shame I can't speak for the rest of the people there.... 
Terrible food and terrible service! I waited 2 hours for them to correct my delivery order. 2 Hours! The "owner" then insisted he'd come out to my house and prove to me that it was the correct order? For what purpose? What does that solve? I ordered a buffalo chicken Stromboli - not that difficult to mess up! Or is it? I'm paying you money to perform a service - give me the correct order the first time. 
The only reason I write a review about a local pizza place because I've worked in one. I know how one is ran. When you screw up an order the first time, you make sure with all your power it doesn't happen a second time. It's all about making customers happy that they will return and tell their friends and family about ordering from you. Perhaps Big Ben needs some work in this area - and their cooking! The "Stromboli" was the worse thing I've ever seen. I asked for extra cheese - the cheese was in one corner. It was flat as a pancake, so I guess they thought they'd jazz it up with sesame seeds? Save yourself the extra work men - take some tips from other local pizza places in the area. Before you start advertising about having over 500 Items on your menu it might be important to know how to cook in the first place. 
I will NEVER order from here again. 
Big mistake - Do yourself a favor and save yourself from a nightmare of an experience.They have the best most cheesiest pizza in the worlddddd. You must to try it!!!! Everything else is pretty basic and nothing to die for.I found this pizza place on grubhub it was top rated and I can see why. The food is great and is always on time I'm glad I found Big Ben pizza they never disappoint!Love Big Bens. Rarely disappointed. List of my favorites:
Boneless Wings
Mozza Luna
Mega Fries (waffle)
Cheesesteaks
Potato Skins
Bruschetta 
Garlic Knots and Cinnamon knot things 
Salads
Milkshakes 
Also they have a kids menu which is great. I hate spending 7-8 bucks on something that my 7 year old take 5 bites of.The nastiest pizza and Cheesesteak I ever have if you do not want to get sick do not eatPizza: 4/5
This place is underrated, the pizza is very solid and they have a large variety of toppings and sizes. I am a big fan of how they cut their crusts. They seem to perforate their pizza crust before throwing it in the oven so it is really easy to remove if you're not a fan of pizza crust. Their dough is not too thick so you don't get a poor ratio of bread to everything else. Service is alright, you order your pizza and go on with your day. I will edit this review if I try other items.
Wings: 5/5
I've been on a low-carb diet for a few months now so eating pizza has been a no go but a nice thing about Big Ben Pizza is that they also make very great wings and they give you the choice to eat them breaded or without breading. When I ordered I had boneless buffalo garlic wings and it was pretty good. It's pretty ridiculous how many options they give you. 
Pasta: 3/5
My parents ordered pasta and they found it to be fairly basic. The sauce, according to them tasted fairly bland and the pasta had a plastic-y texture to it. They also ordered chicken parmesan as well and said it was okay but could have been much better. The salad that came with it was also pretty decent for a pizza joint.Rudest customer service I ever witnessed! Guy yelled at me on the phone! If your customer service isn't good, I don't care how your food tastes!I ordered a large cheese pizza and 10 hot jumbo wings. The pizza crust was soggy and pretty bland. I am a frequent wing eater, while the chicken was meaty, the skin was soggy and too soft. Delivery was quick!Nice spot. Grabbed 2 orders of their pizza special which was 2 slices & can of soda for $3.50. My kids enjoyed it & I did too! Friendly & courteous staff. I'll definitely come Here again when on this side of town :)The young lady answering the phone didn't know where Fox Chase Cancer Center was located. The delivery driver also did not know where FCCC was located.  They did not follow directions to call me at my phone number that I put in the 'Instructions' field. Doesn't matter how the food tastes if they can't deliver it.  Technology is only as good as the people using it. GrubHub's platform most likely is getting a percentage of the sale. Yet Big Ben's doesn't coordinate their service with them. Why? Ask management and give everyone an old fashion map. Learn your service area.We order from this place quite often through GrubHub. I've always enjoyed their burgers and my husband likes the cheesesteaks. I also like their garden salads with basil vinaigrette dressing. Wings are also good. But I don't usually order pizza - the other options on the menu are better. Quick delivery, too.Cheeseburger hoagie, pizza, milkshakes all have been delicious. I usually pick up and its been perfect. Got delivery once so far and the delivery guy called me to ask for my address again and took a little longer. But food was still warm and tasted great.The food here is great never had a problem. Delivery is always fast with my food hot. Employees are also friendly. I have nothing but good experience.Every time I am starving, first place that comes to mind is this place. Big Ben have a large variety compare to other pizza places. Siberian dumplings? Potato wrapped shrimps? And a long list of soups? But seriously, the one thing that made me a fan is their fast delivery. 
I order from this place at least a few times a month on gruphub and was never disappointed.We order 18" pizza pepperoni and one sausage. Garlic boneless wings half Garlic and half buffalo.The food was very good and fast delivery next time I'm going to order their Big Azz pizza.I have seldom experienced delivery service this terrible. My girlfriend and I made a simple order on GrubHub, and it took over an hour and a half before I decided to call and check on the status of our order. When I called, I was placed on "hold" (which consisted of the employees setting the phone down on the counter) on three separate occasions within the span of 5 minutes. Despite the fact that our online order showed that it had been dispatched to our home over half an hour earlier, they told us the food hadn't left the restaurant yet. Needless to say, I'm never ordering from here again. Unbelievable incompetence and unprofessionalism here is to the max.Big Ben Pizza slipped one of their menus in our mailbox a couple of weeks ago. Normally, those menus tend to go ignored, especially ones for pizza places as my family and I already have our go-to local shop.  This one stood out to us because of the ridiculously huge selection of items.   I'm talking about 10 different kinds of onion rings.  An entire section dedicated to just fettuccine.  Twenty daily soups.  Fries done in ways you never even knew fries could be done.  
If Gordon Ramsey ever came upon this menu, he would be so befuddled by it that he wouldn't even have time to yell about how it's too big.  
So we figured we would give them a try.  What did we have to lose?
We started small, with a pizza with a few toppings for us and a kids' pizza for our toddler, and some onion petals.   I was extremely skeptical about the onion petals but I was honestly pleasantly surprised!  Everything was good, and the onion petals were crispy, not soggy.
We have also since then tried chicken tender subs (DELICIOUS), penne vodka (pretty good), wings (great), baked ziti (not bad at all), fried green beans (the best), and some other items.  We have now made Big Ben Pizza our food choice for football Sundays.They just lost a regular customer... We received bacon potato skins in place of the broccoli skins that were ordered (we're vegetarians, otherwise wouldn't be a big deal). Not to mention the breaded mushrooms...they were mushy and falling apart to the touch. 
When we called to try to rectify the issue, the guy on the other end immediately got combative. He blamed everyone from the delivery guy to the app GrubHub we ordered through. 
Don't waste your money on this garbage, that's where it'll end up.If I were you, I'd forget this place even exists.  We have ordered a few times hoping that whatever bad food or mistake was just a fluke, nope - it sucks.  I've had old romaine lettuce in salad, shitty pre - made crust pizza, and just over bad food that made my wife and I sick.  Don't do it.  Plenty of other places in the neighborhood.really Big Ben, this is how she you send me my pizza! I was super excited about having pizza tonight and when I opened the box, this is what I got! So disappointedBig Ben's never disappoints. I recently moved from center city to the suburbs and was having trouble finding my "go to" take out/delivery spot. With there being like a zillion options for delivery/take out in the city, I was surprised at how bad some of places in the Fox Chase/Elkins were. I've ordered from a few places and they all were a big miss. After ordering from Big Ben's I was happy to finally find a good spot to re-order from. Delivery is always fast and everything I've ordered has been good. I haven't tried their pizza so I cannot really review that but the sandwiches, wings, wraps, and even desserts have all been really delicious. The menu is huge and I've ordered something new every time. I've ordered almost 10 times so far and am excited to try some new items. 5 Stars in my book.I just moved in the area and we were ordering from everywhere except this place. After a late night out on our way home I saw their flashing lights and decided to stop 15 min before their closing and I was served perfect food with perfect service! I have been a faithful customer ever since!!! I have to admit their pizza is messing but OMG it's so good you can tell they use quality products!!! I'm addicted to their pizza and the wings!!!! Almost forgot to mention their delivery is SUPER FAST food is still piping hot!!!I like Big Ben's pizza the most in the area.  I've tried quite a few places, and the pizza is the best.  As for their hoagies and cheese steaks, they are not great.  The salads are good.  They have a nice variety on the menu.  They have messed up orders often.  They come quickly after I order but that is probably because I tip good.Good food, fast delivery and reasonable prices. I like their pizza because it's a little on the "softer" side but I guess that's just a personal preference. I hate hard crispy pizza crust. The variety is great too! I will sometimes get a wrap or club sandwich if I'm not in the mood for pizza and I have never been disappointed. I think 1 time they accidentally put hot sauce on my boyfriends mozzarella fries but other than that everything is always good! The delivery drivers can be rude. Sucks for them they just get a crappy tip.They rush taking orders. Today I places a order for pick up. When we went to pick it it they sent the order for delivery.  They said I asked for delivery.  But I never EVER gave an address. Because  I always pick up. I looked at the receipt it wasn't even my address.  We had to wait for the driver to bring the food back. When I finally  go to my house the food was cold. They are always fucking up orders. It's so annoying.  Turns me off from wanting to order from them. Their food is good. But not that good to be putting up with them rushing.We ordered from this restaurant tonight. Usually they get it right, but they have messed up our orders on occasion. We have spent close to $1,000 on them within the past few months or so. We had ordered a Greek salad and in the comment section (on GrubHub, mind you), I wrote no anchovies. What did they do? They included the anchovies. If you're smart enough to read the order from GrubHub, then you're smart enough to read the comments we leave about how our order should be prepared. I called the place and instead of apologizing like normal people for screwing up, they gave me an attitude. What kind of "professional" place are you running over there? To add insult to injury, not only did they screw our order up, but forgot to include an item in our order.
This place gets an F and will never see another penny from my place of residence. Good riddance.Horrible pizza & horrible people who work there. They screw up orders all the time. Do yourself a favor and go some where else.We enjoy Big Ben. As a couple that is forced by circumstances to use delivery frequently Big Ben is one of our favorite goto delivery places. They have a wider variety of choices than the typical pizza place, and though sometimes that means less quality: in the case of Big Ben that has not been our experience. So if you're looking for a Rueben instead of cheesesteak, though their cheesesteak is good too, this is your place. Food is good; delivery is fast.This place is the Best!! By Farrrrrrr! Best food! Vast variety! Quick delivery! Nicest employees! Been ordering from here for years and, yes, have tried others as well , but always return to Big Bens!!Tried the never frozen burger. It was actually ok.  They just got a new customer!This was my first time ordering from here. After reading the reviews I was honestly excited. It was super fast delivery. Not even 20 minutes and food was hot. The problem is I asked for boneless wings and they send me regular buffalo wings. Wouldn't have been such a problem except for the way the phone guy reacted. Yelling that it was my fault. He knows what he's doing this and that , they won't send me a new one because,  once again , it's my fault.  The hot honey sauce is amazing and the cheese fries as well. But the customer service ruined it. On the reviews , that seems to be the problem with everyone else's orders too. So check up on that. Maybe even order online that way you can see exactly what you.order and they can't blame it on you if it's wrong.Worst drivers. The owner is a liar as well as a thief.  My little brother gave the driver a 50 dollar bill and the driver took it and left. It was 17 dollars worth of food. I confronted the owner and he said we were lying he needs proof he gave the driver 50 and the driver didn't give him back any change.  Stay away from this place  the food is mediocre at best. Everything for some reason is soggy. Crust. Fries. Cheesesteak roll. Everything.!Just found my new local pizza spot. The wrapper and hoagie were very good, and the prices are the best around. I will definitely come back!Horrible horrible snotty customer service. 
Simply when an order we received was wrong , we called back.had the menu in front of us , read it back to counter girl who claimed she was the manager..oh please laughing at that one still , but anyway she was rude and definitely not an asset. Never will call here again. We order often , and have tolerated less than good service but yesterday sealed it for us.
Too many places besides this place in the area.sure they would apreciate and welcome our money .They lost a potential customer last night.  They had their sidewalk along with adjacent sidewalk all the way to a driveway completely blocked and were heedlessly running hand trucks in and out - had to yell @ one of them to ease up since was running late for an appointment @ my chiropractor's office a couple doors down (thanks to SEPTA's pokey service on a pre-strike, rainy Thursday afternoon) - and the guy gave me a dirty look?!  I don't know if this is connected but there was an unoccupied 18 wheeler illegally parked in the spot specifically reserved for the Route 18 bus, forcing patrons such as I to go around it, wasting precious seconds to get to my appointment.  Blocking the sidewalk is especially hazardous in inclement weather.  I said something in the chiropractor's office and learned this shop constantly blocks adjacent businesses all the way up to H&R Block on the corner of Five Points' designated spots for trash with their own trash, citations about this were issued by the city to the shop but ignored.  They also block the driveway leading to the small parking lot used by the chiropractor's staff and patients - and complaints to the pizza shop have fallen on deaf ears.  Judging by many of the reviews on here about the quality of the food and the service - or lack of - plus the attitude displayed last night would make me feel leery about giving them my business.  I've worked in sales/customer service in a previous job and know that customer service can help make or break a business.  If I have a pizza urge, I think I'd save my craving and go to Rising Sun Pizza a few blocks south (nice people) or Salerno's about a 1/2 mile south; for anything else I'd go to Quality Diner across the street (also great service).Worst pizza I have ever had. We ordered delivery and the pizza was undercooked, and cold. For me to take a bite of pizza and throw it away says a lot, because I LOVE pizza. 
Buffalo wings and french fries were soggy. The only star they get is for the chocolate  milkshake I took a few sips of. although the shake was good, I can't say I'd ever order from this place again.2/20/16 was my first time ordering from Big Ben Pizza. I placed an order through GrubHub.com and was happy that I did.  I am usually a little skeptical at using an app to place a food order but I was very well pleased. Their menu is extensive and the prices very reasonable.  I ordered a fried seafood combo even though I don't usually eat fried seafood as sometimes I think it can be too "bready."  I also ordered the garlic knots. The food came in a timely fashion.  And might I say... the food was delicious! It is my intention to visit this restaurant sometime soon and to hopefully make it a spot to go to for a quick bite when running errands.Great place for a cheap lunch, especially if you go with one of their daily specials. They have a huge menu, so there should be something for everyone. I especially liked their boneless buffalo wings and they have like 30 different kinds of fries, which is A OK in my book!This place I swear delivered faster than any pizza business I've ever known! They deliver so fast it's almost scary! The food itself is great! Only reason I didn't give it a 5th star is because their pizza doesn't taste like 100 percent Mozzarella cheese, but still good non the less.Was amazing. Used to order from there all the time. When they got it wrong they'd send a replacement. Now they argue with you even if you say you'll give them the order they sent you in error. Their cashiers are rude when they take your order over the phone and their food is almost NEVER right.
It's become a terrible place and I doubt I'll order from there again.I usually order delivery via Grub hub. They usually deliver earlier than expected which can be good and bad. Sometimes I'm in the middle of something and not able to answer the door as fast when they come. I never had an issue with their food however I wished they read the "special instructions " on grub hub! I always ask them to call instead of ringing my bell but they never ever listen 
My last order, I had a grilled cheese with bacon and tomatoes, and I had the appetizer sampler. All goodThey have such an extensive menu, it took me a while to decide. We went with the bacon burger, Cajun mozzarella fries, and the wings combo. 
Burger was huge, and juicy 
Cajun fries had a nice kick 
Wings! I asked for my wings well done, and was pleased they were prepared as requested. 
I didn't care for the Buffalo sauce that came on the side, but no biggie. 
We'll definitely order from Big Ben again. 
[the delivery man was less than polite, just an fyi]We order from Big Bens a lot. Mainly because the service is good and they're quick with delivery. Tonight, our wings were under done and my husband specifically asked for petal sauce and didn't get any. Also that wasn't the first time that's happened. We probably won't order from them anymore.I love Big Ben's menu. I will say hands-down, I've never lived by a pizza place with so many options. Besides the countless pizza options, I can't even wrap my head around all of the French fry and wing choices. Their menu is just sprawling, and I  a big fan of that. 
The food itself is good depending on the item. I really like their wings, they're usually big and plump and covered in whatever sauce you choose. Their cheesesteaks are a little on the dry side but I usually douse any cheesesteak I get from anywhere with ketchup at home regardless so it's not an issue personally. Their burgers are delicious. The pizza is delicious and you get a lot for the cost. Generally, there's a lot of good that you can get here, and I'll keep going back.We've ordered from Big Bens several times--orders that were over $100 at times--mostly wings and pizza.  This time we ordered online from their website.  I called to find out how long the order would be and they said 20 minutes.  Perfect, since we live about 20 minutes away.  An hour after getting there, we were just getting our food!! Luckily, we didn't tip them, because not only was the wait too long, the food was only lukewarm, we were missing an order of fries and two items were wrong.  I ordered buffalo shrimp and got regular, and cajun wings but got lemon pepper.  Disappointing!!!I ask for an Italian hoagies all I got was lunch meat and cheese sandwich with mayo and water log tomatoes, they're trying to tell me I have to tell them how to make the Italian hoagie or all I'll get is dry ass lunch meat sandwich on a roll. How pitfull is that. Then why have labels for various food items if you don't know how to make it right in the first place. That's what get for going to non-italians to make italians food.... I won't do this again. That's like buying a car when it arrives you find out you had to ask for wheels and doors first....I just got cheated out of 7.58 for crap...buyer beware...What a delicious meal!  When I saw the menu I thought I was going to have to eat something unhealthy. But I ordered the summer salad with teriyaki chicken and it was awesome. There was even plenty leftover which I'm having tomorrow for lunch. . Everyone else had more traditional meals (steak sandwich & chicken parmigiana) and they thoroughly enjoyed them too. But I was so pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere is nothing to write home about. But great quality food!  The desserts looked great too. But it's summer and I tried to have will power.Never again. Super!!! salty!!! Lady on the phone had an attitude because I re-read my order making sure she heard me correctly SINCE THEY PREVIOUSLY MESSED UP MY ORDER. Ordered two boxes and barely ate the first one. WASTE.The absolute worst. Two delivery orders in a row wrong. The first was a couple of weeks ago, we ordered onion rings, they forgot the petal sauce. Tonight, we ordered a black and white shake, they sent a strawberry. Both times they delivered the forgotten or correct item after a phone call, but when everyone is finished eating what's the point. Lesson learned we won't order from there again.I go here all the time and always pick up. Today they delivered and the young delivery guy was not wearing a mask. Caught me off guard. I did call and voice my concern. Seriously, no mask? Can't get over it so probably not going back.Disappointed. I've ordered from here several times & they always seem to get something wrong. When you bring it to their attention, it seems like they are pissed off, even though they got the order wrong. Last night We ordered a chicken cheese steak, wings, and a pizza special. My boyfriend likes his pizza crispy, well done. When I ordered, I specifically mentioned this request. "Can you make the pizza, crispy & well done? Even almost burnt?"
When the pizza arrived it was not well done or crispy at all. It was very "floppy". My boyfriend really doesn't like floppy pizza, so I called back & let them know the issue. They said they would send another pizza, just save the old pizza to give back to the driver (I hope they don't serve that to someone else).
After about 35 minutes the new pizza arrives. It was Just as floppy as the first one. They really don't seem to be able to grasp the concept of crispy, well done pizza. The other food was pretty good. They have lots of selection, so I'm sure you can find something you'd enjoy, but they aren't good at listening to directions. 
I'd order from them again, but not pizza.I ordered a wrap chicken and brocolli. There was hardly any cheese in it and the wrap wasn't cut. I woke up and was running to the bathroom all night. I was not impressed and for the price of a wrap which doesnt come with anything it is not worth it.Only thing this place is good for is their salads, boneless wings and onion petals (barely). Pizza is very basic, seafood is horrible & over priced. I ordered shrimp in a basket (substituted the fries for onion rings). They gave me some bulsh*t, overly breaded, tiny ass shrimps... onion rings were trash - clearly frozen & stiff. I will not be ordering from here unless it is my absolute last option and I am dying of hunger. I'm done with this place.been ordering from big bens forever, and gotten the rueben stromboli before. now this time the meat was like shoe leather, i called and the person suggested to take money off next order, NO NEXT ORDER, thumbs down to big bens.We had salads recently from Big Bens and we were very disappointed. 
In the salads were wilted lettuce, bruised and misshapen cucumbers and dark red over-ripe tomatoes. 
It's difficult to understand why they would serve this to customers; being that the food was not fresh at all. 
Please change your ways or close your doors!I order from here at least 2-3 times a month and never have a problem. Love their pizza and Stromboli's.I ordered an XL Hawaiian Pizza the center of it was so thin that everything fell off the pizza. I had Hawaiian Pizza from other places and NEVER had the toppings just slide of the pizza. Very disappointing but that was the only place opened on Memorial Day all my usual places were closed. Will never order a pizza from there againFood is a little better than average. Owner tends to mess orders up more often than not and is not detail oriented. He always seems to confuse pick up with delivery. If you need something fast and usually pretty good this is the place for it.If I could give them a zero I would. When the delivery man showed up he gave us someone else's food and half of our order. Okay so then we called back and they delivered half of the remaining order again. The driver told us to keep the food that someone else ordered. So we called back and explain the situation again and the lady asked us if we ate the food that didn't belong to us. We said no and before you knew it I driver was here to pick it up and then he asked me what address it went to. The Cheesesteak Hoagie never got here and after an hour and a half I just cancelled the order and waited another 2 hours to get a refund. I just wonder what happened to that other person's food and if they actually delivered it to them because I could have done anything to that food including poisoning it.I don't know why I keep ordering from this place. First their delivery guy is rude and doesn't understand no contact delivery. I always add a tip in and give them specific directions to leave it on the table outside my door. The food is terrible too. I've ordered 3 diferent kinds of wings from there and they are always over cooked and dry. Today I ordered a burger. On the menu it says fresh never frozen  juicy beef. All lies. The patty was obviously manufactured in a factory and was also obviously frozen and dry. It tasted like fryer grease. I'm never ordering from them again! One star is too much for this place. The only good thing I have to say about it is that the woman who took my order is very nice and friendly.It's ashame because I used to order from here all the time. The food is great don't get me wrong. However, their prices are getting outrageous. I really don't understand why they keep raising their prices so much so I'm not coming back to this place. It's really sad I have to even write this.Their Antipasto Salad is the worst. they don't know how to make one. they use low quality ingredients. They barely put lettuce in it. They charge you $8.95 for a large and it was crap. Don't order any salads from this place.Terrible quality, not to mention the sloppiest food no matter what you get. Only thing half decent is the salads. Otherwise the food is garbage. My family ordered a large pizza with LIGHT CHEESE and spinach. They gave us a large pizza with cheese pouring over the crust into the top right corner of the pizza. It was one of the most atrocious things I've ever seen. Called back and asked to replace it and even said that I would bring it in and ask if they would eat it that's how disgusting it was. All the manager would say is that they could replace it for a small cheese pizza with spinach. When I asked about the light cheese problem he said that's just how they do it and we, the customer, have to ask for "extra light cheese". This place is terrible. Johnny Gs is the best pizza place around and it's practically right across the street from Big Bens. It's a little pricey; however, it's quality food for a pizza joint, and if the order gets messed up in any way there's never any questions asked; he will send you something for free or give you credit on your next order.I've been getting take out and delivery from here for years. The food has been good and the delivery prompt so no complaints there. Unfortunately the last two times I stopped in for takeout I didn't see a single person who worked there with a mask on. Not the cashier, and not the two or three people behind the counter. 
Just thought customers should know. I'm afraid I may not be going back. A shame.Been 1 hours and my pizza still hasn't come, They said they will be  here half an hour and still hasn't come, my mom is starving and I'm too.This store is totally wrong, when I'm in Philly I order from them all the time, this particular day the driver forgot part of my order, he said I will be right back he never came back I call the store three times and they say he left out with it, never showed up I called again and asked for a manager and got this guy Who said his name was Jay who still couldn't explain why it's almost 2 hours later and the rest of my order still hasn't shown up, I asked for the owners name and he refused to give it to me.....I WILL NEVER ORDER HERE AGAIN!!!!!!If I could give this place zero stars I would! 
If I could give this place zero stars I would!  
Our pizza was very undercooked!! The boneless wings were dry with the sauce on the side, we asked for it on the wings.. we called to complain and the "owner" told us we were making it a big deal and we can add the sauce to the wings! Didn't even apologize! Didnt send us a proper order! And made us take pics of the food for him then said you guys messed up the food and I'm not able to help you guys at this point. Very unprofessional service, very undercooked pizza and dry food. Do not recommend this place at all!!Out of all the neighborhood pizza places this is absolutely hands down my favorite place of all time.  I can't go wrong with any of the selections although I will pass on the chicken cheesesteaks and stick to my staple place. But everything else is good to orderHorrible customer service. They have no interest in maintaining a customer base. They made mistakes on our family's order twice in 2 weeks. We have been ordering from Big Ben's weekly for about 6 months mainly because they have consistently decent foo. Not good. Not great. Decent. Last week they sent the wrong pizza. They apologized and offered to credit my account. This week they deliver our food 45 minutes early. We had ordered via the Eat24 app requesting a 645 delivery. Big Ben's said they are unable to view the requested delivery time. They blamed the app. This is not true. Other restaurants have delivered exactly when requested. The Eat24 customer service rep( who was wonderful) said that is untrue. Big Ben's refused to refund or credit anything. They actually came to pick up their cold, barely decent food. The delivery person had the nerve to call me from his car stating " I'm here". He actually thought I'd bring the food out to him!
Bottom line, this establishment does not value it's customers.
They have a very bad attitude.
They are dishonest.
They don't deserve your hard earned money.
1star is far too generous. Assholes. Real assholes.I'm guessing it's new cooks lately it's a hit or miss they have good Buffalo wings pizza falling off it use to b awesome the soups are definitely a no go but the fries are good steaks an sandwiches are ok but be detailed when you order one