Haven't had a thing I didn't like!  Pizza is like crack!! Love the sweet chili wings!I've eaten here for years. Nice staff and owner.  They have tons and tons of veriety of foods, they even make HUGE pizzas. Great food and customer service. Sometimes they do make mistakes but its fixed the way you want. Money back- no problem, remake your food- no problem. I have not seen any restaurant do that. But food is great!!!!!
Great job guys, keep it up.It is a tiny little pizza shop but oh-so-good. Fantastic,  delicious, fast fresh and friendly staff.Delievery was fast (estimated time was a half hour later than actual arrival! ) I LOVE the green bean fries!!!!!!!!Buffalo chicken cheese steak was very good. So was the buffalo chicken pizza though a few pieces were a bit fatty.The first time I ordered I was disappointed, when I called the owner did rectify the problem. I gave them a second chance, and am so glad because everything was delicious. Chicken and shrimp Alfredo, chicken parm, and green bean fries were excellent. I will order from here again.First try used Grubhub. Ordered 2 pies, one with two toppings, one plain. I got one topping on each pizza.
Ordered a salad and specifically asked for NO ONIONS, salad came with a ton of onions.
The pizza was too soft and bland tasting. The salad looked like it was made by a child.
With so many places to order from, it's one strike and you're out!!  Big Daddy LOLThe food here is decent but I am never ordering from here again, I ordered from here all the time. This is the second time I have dealt with the ignorance and disrespect from the drivers, who I TIP IN ADVANCE. This one actually told me "are you coming out" as in i am supposed to leave my work (only one in the building I don't ever have the drivers waiting for me or anything) and go to their car to get my food!!! He got annoyed that I didn't go to him, so when he gets in here, he is on his cell phone talking, says not one word, and drops my food on the desk then leaves. I'm disgusted. Never again. Too many places right around the corner to keep putting up with this. Pick one of them! They deserve your money more.The Grilled Chicken chews and sauce Stromboli is on point. 1st ordering from work and this will be my placeGood food!, the menu is huge however lol makes it kind of hard to pick from. I ordered a chicken and broccoli wrap and was very pleased. I would recommendThis is my go to place for take out because they honestly have anything you are looking for. One night I was like I really want chocolate cake, and surprisingly they had it! It's now an ongoing joke. 
The food is almost always warm & cooked to our wants. There has been a few times, I ordered cheese whiz, I never got it with the order & they had charged me for it. I wasn't going to call and complain over a dollar but it's still frustrating but like I said it's only been a few times & there are times we order from them multiple times a week.
I would recommend getting sauces on the side of your sandwiches or wraps, because sometimes it's a mess or way too much on it. 
I love that the drivers use square reader & you can just pay for it at your door when it gets delivered. 
They do charge $1.50 for delivery. 
They always have weekday specials, everyday specials & amazing lunch deals. And depending on how much you spend they will give you a free 2 litter of soda. 
If you are looking for a new place to try this is it :)The food here is delicious!  They have this dish called a Hot Wrapper, never heard of it, but once you try it, it'll become part of your regular order.  The desserts are delicious too!!  Don't know if they are made on the premises or delivered.  If they're delivered, I hope they put by who it the menu so I can write them a rave review as well!Really good quality pizza.  Very flavorful cheese.  The mega fries were loaded with cheeses and bacon.  Definitely be going again.  Service was fast and extremely nice as well.Ordered from here recently and really liked it! Well, most of it. The pizza was very tasty - I tried the upside-down option which was totally excellent. Although I would recommend getting a topping to make sure everything stays where it is supposed - if you get just the cheese, you may lose your lunch!
The cheesesteaks were missing cheese. It's not like they forgot to add the cheese, but merely the amount of cheese they used was far below my expectations. The meat was good though. Maybe ask for extra cheese or just don't get a cheesesteak from here.
Got a fried appetizer sampler that was really good. I would get that again. And they have a really huge menu, so chances are you will be able to find something good to try. I have only ordered from here a few times, and will still have plenty of things to try for the next five to ten years.
Ordered delivery and it was very prompt and the food arrived hot.It an ok place to order if your looking for cheap food. This place is super cheap. The pizza is ok, their fries selection is pretty good. Sandwiches are decent. I rarely order from here unless I have a lot of mouths to feed and everyone is drunk enough that pretty much anything they eat will taste good.Stopped by Big Daddy on our way to a show for a quick slice. We specifically asked if they had slices as we were in a rush and they said only plain. Fine, we settled. After waiting for 10 minutes we got up to see what was taking a while and the girl went in the back only to come back and tell us they had just now put in a new pie and we would have to wait 15 more minutes. Not sure who would wait 25 minutes for a slice of plain za but we sure didn't. She refunded us for the slices (but not for the waters we purchased... lol thanks BD). Won't be back!- i have to say i actually enjoy their food and their services. me and the wife have order from them countless of times. fast & quick and convient services. what stands out the most is their MENU. while other Pizzeria's may say the on the menu they have this particular type of Dish or Item. but when i request something thats not the Usual pizzeria dish or items. They don't know what the heck your talking about. I cannot stand business: specifically food business that perform in that manner. its soo false advertisement and a huge let down. 
so this place i will say good food for the price. espcially since. i have to admit this. but philadelphia doesn't ( in me & the wifes opinons ) have the Best Pizzeria's around. like Philadelphia has some really Nice and Enjoyable eateries & resturants but not Pizzeria's. Sorry your dealing with 2 New Yorker's. and there's nothing like New York City Pizza.
i dont know how to explain it. LoL !!Great food but the service isn't so great. The girl who answers the phone is kind of rude and always underestimates the delivery time. The drivers are always nice though.The worst pizza i ever ate in my. Whole lifeees i mean pizza hut is way better. The dough was supper thick and under cooked ot felt like i was eating a pillow it was that bad. Never and ever againTried this place for the first time last night. First thing to jump out was the pre-made (probably frozen), dry and tasteless crust. Don't teally matter what you put on it, its gonna be bad. Had the shrimp alfredo sonething or another. It was like the put 6 shrimp, some onion then dumped an extraordinary amount of alfredo sauce on it. It was like soup on a pizza. Definitely will not be ordering from there again.I LOVE this place. I'm really picky about local businesses and the quality of their food, but this place is delicious. Even more rare is the amazing customer service. Over the phone and at delivery, the employees are so friendly and accommodating. I'll never order elsewhere in the NE.The Grilled Chicken Stromboli and sauce Stromboli is on point. 1st ordering from work and this will be my placeI order from here very frequently because I tend to "forget" to pack a lunch for work. I AM ADDICTED TO THIS PLACE!! I things from their pizza to their sauteed spinach and it was all AWESOME!! And if you order through the grubhub app you can track your delivery and so far they have been very on point with the estimated time. You must try their Sweet Chilli Chicken!! Sweet and spicy heaven!!The Kingsteak was as tough as Rawhide and I could not get past one bite and had to toss it. I like all their other food so far but was so disappointed with the Cheesesteak I had to write a review so the owners straighten it out. Their other non king steaks are ok - go with those.Awesome place..they have a huge menu with so much to choose from..customer service is ok and delivery is fastI ordered a few items from here and it's honestly just a roll of the dice. The menu is just too big for any restaurant. So many pages and food items it's ridiculous. The best thing I have had here is sadly the mozzarella fries. The burger & pizza just was sad in flavor. It's such a shame because it's such a convenient place to order from. Delivery is pretty good though I can't complain about that.As far as local pizza joints go, Big Daddy is excellent.  Great pizza, delicious sandwiches and sides, and damn good steaks.  They even have yummy breakfast! Honestly, they do everything really well, and they're not expensive.
They have an insanely huge menu for such a small place..they have an entire section just for fries on their menu, no joke!  So glad they're my local pizza joint.
One star off for some odd delivery times and snafu's in the past.My wife and I ordered a large pepperoni pizza and breadsticks from here last week...we were not impressed. The breadsticks looked like they cut the crust off of a pizza, stuck it back in the oven until it was basically burnt, and then stuck it in a box and called them breadsticks. So if you like really small, hard, burnt breadsticks...these are for you! The pizza was not that great either. There really wasn't much sauce, it was realllllly greasy, and tasted really cheap. Overall, we were not satisfied at all with our experience with Big Daddy Pizza. You should try somewhere else and save yourself from a bad experienceif not for the good pizza and sandwiches I wouldn't be ordering in this place, the woman who takes the orders on the phone sounds very impatient and unhappy with her life. Maybe she should try finding another Job.The wings sauce is watered down. The wings are just friend and dumped in the box over the sauce without anyone making sure that the wings are actually covered with the sauce. So when you buy the wings you'll see a pool of sauce with the wings in it and the upper side of the wings is still without sauce.Horrible! 
Wings are pretty decent but pizza is terrible. Too much cheese & grease and never any sauce. Pizza has been like that on several occasions.Might be the worst pizza ever. Almost no sauce,  crust like white bread.  Ordered with sausage,  there might be 1 ounce on the whole pizza.  Yuck, no taste.Big Daddy's = big disappointment.
After waiting over an hour for our delivery, the food was AWFUL.
We ordered a hot sausage parm, and received a chicken finger parm. That wouldn't have been so bad if the food was edible.
My sandwich was so wet it must have been dipped in water , the bottom of the roll was sloppy wet.
Somehow my wife's pepperoni pizza bread was also wet, I'm not sure what happened but it was terrible.
It had been a while since we'd ordered from Big Daddy's because our last experience was not very good.
Needless to say there will be no more second chances for this place. 
It's a shame because they had an interesting looking menu with tons I choices. Unfortunately they can't seem to get their stuff right.The food came relatively fast and the garlic knots were surprisingly good (there was extra Parmesan and garlic in the container and It was the best part of the whole meal). 
My complaint is about the pizza, shame since this is a pizza place. We ordered a margarita pizza and there was nothing margarita about it. It was basically a white pizza with a few tomato slices covered in mozzarella. I have never said this in my life, but there was too much cheese, way too much cheese. Not to mention the pizza was so oily the box was covered in stains and I had to eat the pizza with a fork because I couldn't pick it up. 
I'll give the place another go, but not for pizza.Well I have to change my review.  Last week I ordered a large pizza,  mozzerela sticks,  and poppers.  We were told 20 min.  I got there 30 min later and food wasnt even ready. The girls at the desk are not helpful.  They are too worried about there weekend plans than finding your order. When I ask repeatedly where my order was the girls response was.... I don't know.   I was so angry when I left.   The owner did call a nd apologize but pizza places are a dime a dozen.  Ill just go elsewhereThe girls at the front counter are not very bright.  They get your order wrong every single time.  The wait is too long and their service is unacceptableAlways deliver on time , Pizza is Pretty good , sandwiches are awesome 
Prices are super fairTried ordering from here through grub hub and they forgot about the order.  They stated they never got the order, but could quote the order.  An hour and 20min after the order was placed, I call and am told "it's an honest mistake."  "We will have it there on an hour".  Then wanted to argue about canceling the order.  Too many pizza places around to wait two hours for a pizza.Love this place! Probably one of the best pizzas I had! And they're huge. Delivery was super fast too.This was the worst! All I wanted was hot italian sausage with fried onions and red peppers on a long roll. I clearly stated that after the girl who sounded like she was 10 on the other end made me repeat myself 15 x's before she seemed to even understand what I was asking for. I even confirmed the order before I let her hang up. But what did I get? I got a hard as a rock roll which was burnt to a crisp, smothered in cheese that tasted as unappetizing as it looked when I didn't even ask for it. It went right in the trash where it belonged along with their menu from my kitchen drawer. I spent $12.00 when I should've just gone to the grocery store instead. I will NEVER order from there again. I hope nobody does either, don't waste your money or your time waiting for their delivery guy to deliver that crap they call food.Order from here because I work around the corner. The Menu is HUGE and the food has always been hot and consistent. We started ordering from here any time we order food at our office!I haven't tried the pizza yet, but we ordered cheesesteaks to be delivered last night, and I was very disappointed. The roll was soft, and even a bit soggy. The meat was overcooked and dry. The french fries were crispy, though, and actually above average for a local pizza/steak shop.Their food is what I could get from nearly any other pizza place in the northeast. Doesn't really stand out. Isn't exceptional but their fries are great which is why I go back time and time again. Shame the people that work there are so rude!! I might stop going there just because of the rude service I have gotten from the girls that work there!long wait when you pickup. 5-6 guys sitting on sofa where the customers should sit. they are apparently the delivery guys, with all their cars taking up the parking places outside. pizza was greasy , grease was dripping from each slice. chicken steak and regular steak with slim amounts of meat. do yourself a favor,  go next door to gearos's.we order from here quite frequently and everything is delicious! their selection is amazing and their staff is friendly..Keep up the good work!we ordered from big daddy for delivery we ordered wing dings breaded and honey bbq wings with fries they were not breaded wing dings they are the large wings and they are not breaded the taste of the wings make you sick the fries were cold and it took an hour for delivery. we threw the food away waste of money and food.       never againThis place used to be good. Now they're horrible. I ordered a pizza that showed up 45 minutes past the time they said it would arrive and it was cold. Pizza was overcooked on one side and the pie wasn't even cut correctly. Lost a customer, like it really matters to them.I always order salads from them because they are pretty good however  today I decided to order just the side of grilled chicken (as I have done so many times in the past)  - mind you when you add the grilled chicken for a salad  it costs $1.50 ... I go to pick it up and it's the same amount of chicken I  get when I order my salads (I always ask for chicken on the side) and they charged me  $5 for $1.50 with of chicken... when I asked about it they simply said that's the way their pricing works. so ridiculous, I never pay more than  $2.50/$3 for a "side" of grilled chicken.Food menu is great and always pleased with the food. One huge issue is they always quote 45 minutes and food is always delivered 1hr or more and needing to be warmed up. Last order I placed was delivered 1hr 30minutes. When I called to ask about the order they didn't check to see what my order was or who I was, I was given the reason as my order was out for delivery. No restitution or apology. Not customer friendlyHORRIBLE!!! Do not go here! Cheesesteaks are soggy -- they come in styrofoam boxes - gross. And they didn't put cheese on their italian hoagie -- really and the meat was so thick it was disgusting.
There are much better places in the bustleton area to get sandwiches and pizza from -- again DO NOT GO HERE!!!My girlfriend highly recommended this place  ordered Turkey Hoagie, french fries pizza special on July 25, 2012. This place is horrible .  The lunch meat was thick, tasteless. I requested hot sauce, ketchup on fries and there was no much hot sauce on the fries that the fries were soggy . Get this they put hoagie on top of the hot fries that cause that mayo to run in all over the Styrofoam container  
Now to two slice of pizza, and can soda for $3.50 plus tax. The slices equal 1 slice of the most  cheese-less pizza I have ever had in my life .  
Well I  here to tell you this place has 600 items on their menu and I had have known better any time you can get hoagie, fries for $6.43 that quality is not the priority of the this dump. Please don'tever eat here. You will have diarriaha, cry that wasted your hard earned money . 
Lastly, I ONLY rated this dump 1 STAR JUST TO BE ABLE TO POST THIS REVIEW. This place  true  rating  is 0.Hate to give this place only one star, but have ordered pizza twice to give it the benefit of the doubt. Both times it was disgustingly greasy... oil was actually running out of one box. No exaggeration. The second time, people actually got sick from so much oil. Tried to blot one slice of white, and the grease entirely soaked 2 paper towels. From one slice! The place has lost at least 12 potential customers because of that, and more after they start talking. The fries are good, but not enough to ever go back here again. Shame, because the people working there are nice, but Big Daddy has to do something about all that grease.Everyone at our restaurant LOVES this place!!! After a long day working, we order the 28inch extra extra large pizza for everyone to share and believe me, one slice is equal to 2 normal slices!  We have tried the meat special, pepperoni, veggie, broccoli/tomato, and combo pizza (half/half) all of them delicious!! 
Normally we don't stray from the 28inch pizza because its never failed us but one day we all got different items off the menu. A few of us got cheeseteaks, panzarottis, fries, and assorted sandwiches...all good. There was one small mistake on one of the orders and they were not only prompt in correcting it but corrected it in a friendly manner.
Their delivery service is both quick and courteous!
If I could, I would order numerous of the 28inch pizzas for a party even if there was an extra charge for deliveries to NJ!
I tried taking the leftover pizza in my car once and the box wouldn't even fit in my car!!
I'm surprised there aren't more great reviews, love this place and will continue to order!!!Called today cause they put a menu in my screen ripping it..manager told me yeah he got calls last week with same complaint and that he wont fix the screen. Its more imporant to ruin ppls property than to have their guys do the right thing and stick it in the door handleTerrible, greasy food.  We had their pizza, wings, fries and Stromboli and it seemed like everything was dipped in oil prior to serving.  We are not picky but this place was just awful!!Ordered pizza and fries for Sunday football and I can tell you, this was the biggest waste of $37. 
I asked for a cheesesteak pizza, well done, and only half of the pizza had steak and the other half was just cheese. 
My fries were no where near well done, they weren't even close to a golden brown.This place is nothing. This place is nothing special. It's your average neighborhood pizza place. Everything on the menu is just alright. Only usually order here, because it's close by and deliveries fairly quick/ under an hour. They're going to couple times that we had forgotten her order on GrubHub and had the nerve to be super rude about it. Once they gave us hot saucs instead of hot sauce with are boneless wings( seriously). Once I ordered a mushroom pizza for lunch, and the pizza came with about four mushrooms on it. Really hit or miss with this place.First day in Philadelphia after moving and we needed something easy for dinner. It was New Year's Eve so it took well over an hour to get our pizza delivered, but that was somewhat understandable. Pizza was excellent! We got the Chicken Parm Pizza. The chicken on it was delicious. The pizza was extra cheesy, but not a lot of sauce which is ok with me. And prices were relatively cheap.What a terrible change. Used to love this place, but their pizza is nothing like it was 3 years ago. Last few times the pizza is burned, not salted, the slices are hard and cheese is no longer chewy and fresh. Unfortunately, won't being ordering there anymore. What a shame.Wish I could give NO stars. Ordered through eat24 at 915pm, still no order at my door at 1046pm!  Owner claims they were busy and having technical difficulties     Never again!!!  A simple phone call would have been niceThey have a HUGE selection of food items for delivery. How ever nothing stands out as being real good. It's mostly all frozen items then fried. 
The pizza needs work, it's not real hand made by fresh dough. The dough or really crust is the same thing you can get from half the other places in the northeast. 
But if you are too lazy to cook or game is on it will fill you up. 
Also order early always seems busy epically on Sundays.Amazing!!!!!! I had their pizza a while go and thought it was good. Last night I tried their hoagies and it blew me away!The meat and cheese were cut thick at was cut fresh!Their appetizer sampler was fresh and hot even after delivery! Best pizza in the area.I order from them about 2 months ago, not really expecting much. But I was pleasantly surprised. Not only do they have a decent looking and well functioning website, the prices are very good.
Their wings are a great deal (c'mon, 18 for 10 bucks?) and all of the food i've had from there is very good. 
The only reason this isn't 5 star is because the ran out of wings during the Superbowl, which I can't even fault them for. The girl who called me tried her hardest to replace my order with something as good. Service and food are great, prices are cheap.This is hands down the nastiest pizza I've ever had in my life. There is barely any sauce on the pizza. The cheese is nasty. There is no flavor to the pizza at all. Took one bite, and all the cheese came off the pizza.
I don't recommend coming to this shop. There are better places around for the same price, if not cheaper.Good food at a reasonable price with fast delivery. Food was fresh and decent quality. Neighborhood delivery spot.I'm always ordering food there. Couple times they have delivered wrong order, but quickly fixed after my call. My favorite pizza is stake.Great pizza but they take forever to deliver!! But I love that you can pay with your card when they deliver and not over the phone.This place not as good as was before... seems like they froze their soups, because soup cold inside and hot around. Boneless chicken wings have so much flour that it's impossible to eat it. Blue cheese is nothing but awful mayo with little cheese inside. I'm really upset that they trying to cheap out on everything. That defiantly my last order from hereI love the boneless wings here. Very good sauce. Very good blue cheese. Couldnt ask for anything better.Just look at the pizza they sent me, a young kid delivering the food, as I watched him speed and pull up to my house go in his TRUNK to get my pizza out. No wonder the cheese was on one side. Poor quality , poor delivery, poor serviceReceived my order late and threw it all directly in the trash.  Most disgusting thing I've ever looked at or eaten.  How can anyone consider this "pizza"?Use to order at least once a week for family pizza night, NEVER AGAIN! 2 orders back to back were messed up. 1st one took an hour and a half and the 2nd one the order was messed up. Guess I'll order from a different place.My food took over an hour to get to me.  It seemed like it was made over an hour ago, too.  My cheese (chicken parm) was hardened and gross.  My soup was also cold.  I was given more an enough Ketchup, so I guess they did one thing right.  Never again.Great food for pick up.
Very large menu with many different types of food.  All good, and plentiful.
Best wings, Stromboli, pizzas, and salads.
I've been a regular customer fir many years.  Call ahead for pick ups, and family specials..I wasn't a big fan of this place after the 1st time I tried them but I Figured I'd give them another shot. The reviews don't match my experience or opinion at all.
I've been spoiled by better pizza places. 
I really enjoyed their cajun mozzarella fries but that's about it. Their pizza crust and breadsticks (simply pizza dough cut into "sticks") Had no flavor at all. Dry,bland and just disappointing. 
I never threw away a pizza before...
Until now.I ordered a corn beef hoagie with everything on it except tomatoes, and cherry coke soda. My order came, there was no pickles and my Coke was a Pepsi. I decided to let the mistake in my soda go, but when I called to ask if the driver could stop back pass my house on his next run, to deliver my pickles, the woman on the phone informed me that it would cost me 54cents extra for pickles. Regardless of the fact that I asked for everything on my hoagie and spent $12.25 already, and also gave a $2.00 tip. Not to mention the fact that I am a regular customer. After that I decided to let everyone know that their customer service was unacceptable and probably not worth the purchase if something goes wrong with your order.It has been over 5 years since I've had Big Daddy pizza and this weekend was a great opportunity for pizza and wings.  We ordered over the phone for delivery on a Saturday night of games and hanging out.  The biggest draw back was how long the food took to arrive, we were quoted 45 min but it took 2 hours!  It was a busy Saturday I guess, so I would recommend ordering during the less busy hours.
We ordered a large (might have been an XL) bacon pizza, wings, and wing dings for 5 adults and it was more than enough to satiate our hunger!  Their pizza was very good as usual and the bacon was distributed perfectly across the pizza.  The sauce was great, perfect amount of cheese and the dough was also great.  The wings sauce was a mild buffalo sauce that was amazing.  I totally forgot about their sauce until taking a bite of the wings.  We did ask for extra crispy but it wasn't as crispy as I normally like it.  But it was still great.  I didn't have the wing dings but the others raved about it.  All in all, very delicious!
Although the food is great, I'm giving 3 stars because of the customer service, the closing time is not clear and it takes forever for someone to pick up.  This was also an issue before the pandemic so this might be ongoing.