I feel so bad giving this place a Meh review but I've had better sushi. 
I normally try the sashimi since I think that's the best way to see what their grade of fish is.  It was dry... which I don't think fresh fish should be.  The salmon was just that too, it was underwhelming. 
Their avocado salad was good but I don't see how you can mess that up.  I had the celebrity roll and that was moderately decent but if you're a true sushi snob, not worth the trip here.  They put more filler than fish in the sushi.
The people that work here are super friendly but I think you can get better sushi elsewhere.5 -star for the service. 
4 for the freshness of food. And 
3 for the presentation of dishes and the decor:::TOTAL OF 3.5 Stars
It was a weekday night and we decided to give this place a try since I live pretty close to the restaurant and felt lazy to make dinner. Christmas lights were up but it was RED which made the whole restaurant glow in RED. Kinda weird atmosphere on a dark winter night.... lol
Anyways, we were promptly seated and given the menu. The place was pretty clean and the owner was very nice to explain some of the rolls that he'd recommend. 
We got a specialty roll (which I don't remember the name of...I think it was the first one on the list)- which only gave four large pieces of salmon rolls with more salmon on top. Fresh but too much salmon. It would've been better if there was more to chew on besides the fish and the rice. Sushi platter was pretty good,though.
Since they deliver for free, I might give it a try one more time and order me some sushi dinner.I love big eye sushi! 
The place was so cute and intimate.
It is definitely better to go for lunch.
The sushi was really good.
I know sounds cheesy but it really felt like it was made with care and patience.
The waitress was really nice tooI was waiting for a friend at Bean Exchange, seriously hungry, when he called to say he was 30min late. Typically I'd grab a panini from the cafe, but nothing looked appealing.
I spied this little sushi joint across the corner, open and clean and friendly-looking, and headed in.
I sat at the bar, and had the chirasi bowl: a bowl of delicious hot sticky rice topped with thin slices of a variety of fish, and decorated with a rosette made of lox and salmon roe. That plus a complimentary bowl of miso soup came to the same price as a panini, and was so much healthier and more filling!
It was also delicious. The rice was perfectly warm and sticky, the fish was cool and very fresh, and each slice retained its distinctive taste and texture. The garlic dipping sauce on the side was a nice surprise, too.
What topped it off is the effusive friendliness of the owners. They are SO excited to be in Philly, and come from a Las Vegas sushi bar background. This, plus their gleeful Japanglish level of fluency, explains why the full menu (available in the next few days) involves exciting-looking rolls named things like The Happy Ending, The Man Whore, Smack The Ass, and other hilariously X-rated roll names. We talked for a while about his history and travels and he must have asked me 48 times if everything I had was good, and invited me back just as many.
They're BYO, and deserve a nice influx of sushi fans. Give these guys a shot, they're a great addition to the neighborhood!We stopped into this new sushi place out of curiosity - its been open only a week or so. Their prices are ridiculously cheap - maybe this is to drum up business. We each had the vegitarian sushi "special" which must have had 12-15 individual pieces of veggie sushi including several with Shitake mushroom slices (yummy).  A dipping sauce comes with the platter. There were several different varities, as well as a bowl of miso soup (included). Total cost for 2 people: $18!. We ate at the sushi "bar" rather than a table and chatted with the two chefs who are very friendly although their English is poor. The owner is Japanese, the chefs are Indonesian and the waitress Anglo.  We'll be back soon.  The chef gave us a free little carafe of ice cold sake to welcome us as new customers - its a BYO.This is the second sushi place to occupy this spot, right across from the Bean Exchange. Never went to the other one, and only walked into this one last week because of a sign that read "soft opening: 20% off." Really glad I did.  Actually, I didn't feel like sushi and got the teriyaki salmon bento box to take out. The salmon was cooked perfectly, and came with a side of rice, veggies, and a tiny (but delish) salad. I'm picky about food and this was sooo good -- just really fresh and well-prepared.  Just went back to take out the same dish tonight. I can feel this turning into one of those weekly cravings. Oh- did I mention the regular price was $6? Also, the two chefs, Sem and Sugi, just moved here from LA to start this restaurant. They are incredibly friendly and eager for Philly to try their food. I hope they do!I had been very excited to try out this new sushi place in our neighborhood, since we saw them working on the inside and the "Big Eyes Sushi" sign go up. 
We ended up there 2 nights ago and walked in to a very friendly welcome. Sat down and looked at the menu. The prices were enough to make me fall in love. 
We ordered 2 dinner specials (1 6 piece roll and a house salad each), the Edamame and an order of Gyoza. We had brought our own bottle of wine, which they uncorked and put on ice for us. The server politely advised us that they had not gotten in the order of Gyoza as expected (no big deal, it happens), so my boyfriend ordered the Miso soup.
Everything was delicious! Fresh and tasty. Salads were good. Edamame was hot and seasoned well. The Shrimp Tempura roll I got was insanely good. The soup was great.
We will absolutely be making many more visits to Big Eyes. We plan on eventually trying everything on the menu. Love this place!Far and away our favorite sushi spot in Philadelphia.  It's new and that's only a small part of why we love it.  Not only do they remember us, but they always give us a little something special at the end of the meal.  it's always a surprise, whether it's a sashimi rose made from tuna filet or tempura deep fried banana desert or any number of things.  Don't come to expect perks, but definitely order the salmon broil.  It's top (outside) layer of salmon is singed with a torch.  My suggestion, sit at the sushi bar every time.  It's a fun interactive experience, don't be afraid to make friends.  Big Eyes has got the friendliest employees I've ever met, they couldn't be happier to please you.
I must add that Big Eyes has the quality, expertise, and skill of a sushi restaurant that would normally cost three times more.  We avoid spending more than $40 on sushi now.  Quality was proven by the excellent taste of all of the raw fish.  Expertise is evident in the knife skills of the chef.  Everything from the avocado to the fish is very creatively and elegantly presented.
This is a byo, so make sure you have some saki!  They'll bring a warmer or a chiller to keep your bottle warm.This is the best place to get sushi in Philadelphia! We go there at least three times a week. Are you looking for the perfect date-night (BYOB) or take-out? Then you need to check out Big Eyes.
You can't beat the prices, or their friendly and fast service. Sam is one of the best sushi chefs around. They even have a pet robot!  Are you not entertained????
Always remember to order the "Okinawa Soup";  you won't regret it!Great Sushi! We love this place and frequent it often. Worth a visit!Very excited to see a new sushi restaurant open in Bella Vista. I did not try Rozu (which was previously in this space, for a minute) because they turned me off by not shoveling their sidewalk during multiple blizzards in the winter of 2010 (when they were working inside to construct the space.) What can I say, if you don't have the neighborly courtesy to shovel (not to mention legal obligation,) then I don't want to patronize your spot. 
Anyway, back to Big Eye...I got 5 different rolls for takeout. The staff was extremely friendly and courteous. My take out was ready in 15-20 minutes. My order was perfect. They threw in a salad with ginger dressing for free, which was delicious. My favorites were the crab, eel and mango roll and the tuna roll with fresh tuna on top. The spider roll was good but the ss crab was a bit overcooked. The New York roll was a traditional california roll with apple, which gave a nice extra crunch and sweetness. The Alaskan roll was good also. 
Overall, the sushi was fresh, very tasty and VERY well priced. I will definitely go back to Big Eye and try some of their other specialties. Great addition to the neighborhood. Try it!Great sushi, fresh and beautifully presented. Steamed gyoza probably the best in Philly, light and very flavorful. Good veggie options for the healthy or tragically hip. Best of all, no need for a second mortgage form after dinner for two!I'm just going to say it again. This is not good sushi rice. 
Big Eye Sushi is totally acceptable sushi for Philadelphia. We Philadelphians have three options, paying a fortune at Morimoto, eating mediocre sushi topped with sweet sauces and bad rice or going to NJ for good but not actually great sushi. I just don't understand.
Big Eye is yet another sushi place that doesn't improve our situation. It's basically the same as Hikaru, Izumi, Vic, etc. If I lived within 2-3 blocks, I would probably eat here once a week but as it is, after two meals here, I probably won't be back.I grabbed some sushi rolls and miso soup on a Monday night. Decor was interesting and different, overall ambiance was pretty cool except for the cheesy music playing.
The service was unremarkable but fine; food was above average. Good selection of sushi/sashimi and specialty rolls, although I only tried two separate rolls. Also a good selection of non-sushi entrees and appetizers, which is key since my gf does not eat sushi.
Overall I think it was a pretty good spot. Nothing to complain about, also didn't knock my socks off. A good, solid sushi spot.
Great addition to that area of the neighborhood.my date and i enjoyed our tuesday night late night meal at Big Eye. the waiter was a good listener when we requested light cream cheese it came out per our request. Now to the, we ordered the bainbridge roll which was extremely good with crisp avocado on top, blue roll with crisp tuna and the yellowtail roll. All were extremely fresh and full of flavor.
I will definitely go back.My mom and I were staying at the bed and breakfast next door, and the owner recommended we try this place out.  And boy we are glad we went there.  Some of the best sushi I have ever had!!!  The seaweed salad is delicious (btw I saw a previous review that claimed there were apples in the seaweed salad.  I think they mistook cucumbers for apples, but either way they were delicious).  We had a few of the specialty rolls, and they were absolutely amazing.  Definitely a must try.  Great servers and usually not crowded.
We only had a few problems with the place.  The hours can be erratic at times, and don't always follow the posted hours.  We walked by the place at 1 on a weekday to get lunch and it was closed, but it was open when we came by again on the same day around 2.  We would recommend calling before going to make sure they're open.  Also, although it wasn't crowded when we got there, the wait for food could possibly get long if there's a lot of people there.  Otherwise, definitely recommend this place.  Great food and great people!!!I wish I could give this place more stars. I have been here twice. Let's start off with the positives. The service is friendly and prompt, and the restaurant is clean. Also the prices are reasonable. The avocado salad is a delicious, heaping pile of seaweed salad topped generously with avocado slices. Yum! The cucumber salad also comes with seaweed salad. Yum! Also on my second visit I was given a complimentary orange which was pre-sliced. It was fresh and refreshing. 
Okay, onto the toaster oven. Yes, they use the toaster over to heat up the tempura dishes. Yes, you read correctly; I have witnessed it in person while sitting at the counter. I thought that maybe it had been cooked minutes before, but my date informed me that it was soggy and tasteless, not a good combination. I tried it myself and was not impressed. The miso soup is fine.  I personally enjoyed the Red Ocean roll; it's crunchy, fresh, and unique. Sadly the Ocean Roll, the proximity to my house, and the salads will not be enough to make this my "go to sushi place."Wait, this is a chicken nugget... yup, my girlfriend who isn't a sushi fan ordered chicken teriyaki and on her plate was a chicken nugget. A Tyson brand freezer style chicken nugget.  Also on the plate: some weird egg dumpling that was still frozen in the middle, and a decent fish ball.  All things considered, the chicken teriyaki itself wasn't half bad.
But this is is a sushi joint. The name has the words "big eye" which conjures images of wonderfully pink fatty tuna. Not quite, not by a long shot in fact. I've gotten lazy in my sushi ordering habits and often order a combo; tonight I ordered the sashimi deluxe "12 pieces of assorted sashimi." OK so I got 12 pieces. Forget about the fact that two of those were imitation crab (not knowing a word of Japanese I'm still willing to bet imitation crab doesn't qualify for the definition of "sashimi"). No, the worst part of the meal were the 4 pieces of mushy salmon.  Forget about the fact that the (very very friendly) service was painfully slow, the only reason this place isn't getting 1 star is the fact that they were so nice but the food is abominable.
Oh we were there late and the sushi counter was prepping for the next day. My suspicions for the mushy salmon were confirmed. The man behind the counter was busy sawing a knife through a giant frozen slab of salmon, no wonder it had the consistency of baby food...
I want to like this place, the people are so nice here but the food just sucks.This was my third visit to Big Eyes and each time it was delicious. The staff is very attentive and knowledgeable. This BYOB is a hidden gem in Bella Vista!
I am a vegetarian and the rolls here are the best I have ever had! I try rolls everywhere, and this restaurant seems to pay as much attention to the veggie rolls as the fish rolls. In addition, my fiance thought the spicy tuna roll was the best he has had yet. Given the quality of the food, we weren't surprised to learn that the owner is trained at Nobu (same as Morimoto). I'd highly recommend the banana dessert!In the spirit of fair yelping, I waited until making a second visit to Big Eyes before writing a review. My first visit was shortly after they opened. Boyfriend and I were greeted with smiles, complimentary soups, and a lot of questions along the lines of, "When are you going to come back with all of your friends?" Then they took a picture of us. We're on the wall. It was kind of creepy.
Despite the excessive friendliness, the sushi was pretty decent. Not the kind of sushi you might dream about, but it was certainly better than grocery store and convenience sushi.
Tonight's visit was different. Boyfriend and I were greeted with the same smiles and warmth that brought us in the first time, but no one offered to cuddle this time. After we placed our order, the chef quietly went about his business while Boyfriend and I had our conversation.
We started with the soft shell crab tempura, which was a little heavy on the sauces but delicious. Then our three rolls came - one specialty roll and two basics. The Bainbridge roll was good, but personally I found that the basic rolls - sweet potato tempura and spicy yellow tail - overshadowed it. One of my biggest pet peeves with traditional seaweed-on-the-outside roll is that sushi places tend to use tiny pieces of fish so all you taste is seaweed, but at Big Eyes, they use just the right amount so the fish taste really comes through. As for the sweet potato tempura roll, it was a perfect marriage of sweet crunch and bitter seaweed. 
For the very reasonable prices, they do not skimp on ingredients. 
When I was sure I was done waxing poetic on how amazing this meal was, the chef presented us with a few pieces of complementary veggie tempura. It was a nice surprise.
I'll definitely be back. I might even bring a group of friends.I'm a little afraid to let the secret out, but this place is an undiscovered gem.  I'm not sure how this is even still up and running because it's never crowded here.  Let it be known, though, that the sushi is fantastic.  The rolls are inventive and fun.  The decor is kind of odd and the service is a little hit or miss depending who your waitress is, but the food itself makes up for it.For those who are a fan of Sagami or Fat Salmon, please don't waste your time. This place is for amateurs who are a fan of the California Roll. This is not good sushi. Poor presentation, service, and overall, really bad sushi. It's unfortunate because I live a few blocks from this place and was rooting for it's success .. until I had dinner there this evening. I am heading back to Sagami next week, and will not stray again.Best sushi place in the area.  I went there one evening to place a take out order and I have been pleased ever since.  The waitstaff is attentive and friendly and yes there might be a language barrier but POINTING to what is on the menu goes a long way!  Everyone working was so pleasant and nice and tried to make sure that my order was understood....so A for effort.  Now back to the food.   This is a small sushi bar specializing in just sushi (no hibachi) and mostly everything on the menu is under $10.  Their fish is extremely fresh and I have been back twice since my first visit a couple days ago.  Its a great spot to pick up quality, affordable sushi.Update: We haven't been here in a while due to the hike in price. Very unfortunate as we enjoyed going here. 
 I've been to quite a few sushi restaurants in my life, and this place has some of the tastiest sushi I've ever had.The ingredients are fresh and the combinations are delicious. Not only that, but the prices are pretty great too. And to top it off, the wait staff and sushi chef are so very nice. I highly recommend this restaurant! Thank you for a delicious dinner!Sushi, sashimi - seriously satisfying
A squadron of us made a dinner venture here on the recommendation from a fellow critic.  Our reserved table waited for us.  We cracked open a bottle of Saki and had some wine left so we were set.  I like most sushi and I can be a bit picky about it, but it wasn't necessary here.  Upon entry, we were greeted and promptly served.  
3 rounds of edamame
1 sashimi platter
8 standard and specialty rolls (which were killer!) 
We craved more
3 more special house rolls and we finished it with a banana dessert that was absolutely perfect.
I found that we were lost in conversation and just enjoyed the feast.  This is the kind of casual delicious sushi that should be found high on the bookmarks of any food critic's smartphone.
The presentation - terrific.
The taste - outstanding.
The service - great.
The price - you can't be it.
The atmosphere - peaceful.My Fiance and I are big Sushi fans and we decided to try out Big Eyes Sushi for the first time on a Saturday night.  Our go-to in the South Street area is Sushi Planet but since we were around 7th & South, we thought to try something new.  Big Eyes Sushi was probably the worst sushi experience we've ever had.  The sushi is overpriced for what you are served.  Our sushi rolls were all falling apart because they were not rolled together properly.  We got five rolls and they were all lacking taste. Additionally, there was one waitress trying to handle 5 tables.
I would also advise Big Eyes Sushi that if you are going to utilize the microwave as much as you do, I highly recommend putting it in the back kitchen.i kind of want to give it 5 stars...maybe i will in an update review
i walk by this place almost every day and never stopped in because it always just looked a little sad.  i was dead wrong.  the people who work here are super friendly and smiley, and the food is great.  the salmon sashimi, for starters - fresh and silky; the japanese ramen noodles - so good!  way better than the ramen at sushi planet, and i liked sushi planet too.  and it's a byo too!  awesome!
can't give it 5 stars only 'cause the service was slow, and the edamame was sort of soggy.  i was with friends and a bottle of wine so the slow service wasn't a big deal, but i could see people getting annoyed with it.  
however, i will definitely be back.What a kind and amazing place! I am a major sushi person. The fish is high quality. Plus I came in w/ a sore throat and no voice. I was given a free aloe drink after my meal to heal to throat!! Amazingly kind and thoughtful! Between the incredible service and top notch sushi at reasonable prices (feast of a bento box for lunch $9.99), I will make this my go-to sushi place and think you should too!Great budget sushi in bella vista. They have both a variety of creative rolls and awesome service. It also doesnt hurt that this is a Byo! I would deff go back for a quick fixGreat sushi, creative specials, super nice chefs/waiters and BYO to boot.  Country music on the stereo was interesting choice but I forgive them.Went here for lunch and had an almost unremarkable experience. Didn't seem to be any different than say Whole Foods sushi.I went to Big Eyes Sushi last night and had their Deluxe Sushi/Sashimi Combo. It was really fresh and tasty. It included a couple of fatty tuna pieces as well as a nice mix of rolls, sushi, and sashimi. 
Service was prompt, friendly, and unobtrusive. They included a complimentary orange at the end of the meal. Prices were very reasonable. 
This is now my "Go To" sushi place. 
I can't speak to their tempura dishes as I only go to sushi restaurants for uncooked food.Oh man, just go to Whole Foods and get sushi.  My hijiki salad was smothered in sweet sauce to the point that I could barely taste the veggies.  The yellowtail scallion roll looked like it had been microwaved and to top it all off, they forgot my gyoza order.  
This was some of the most disappointing sushi I've had--and in Philly, it's not hard to find crappy sushi.  
The staff, however, was very friendly.  At times, I found them a bit overbearing because I was continually asked when I would return with a large group of friends.  It came off as too desperate.Read reviews before coming here and was a little hesitant but decided to take the chance anyway. This was one of the worst sushi i've ever had and the fact that the bathroom is dirty did not help the situation. Service was horrible; underage boy running around without a clue of what is going on. Chef/Owner is very sweet, but I'm sorry, it is not a reason for me to come back. Too much rice on the sushi, not enough fish. You can tell the fish is low quality. I actually think sushi from Super Fresh tastes better than this. Lastly, their seaweed salad is tiny and comes with apples. APPLES!! Really??? Anyway, spare yourself and don't come here. Doma is my go to sushi place but couldn't get a reservation.The worst meal I can remember. Funny now but awful in the moment. 
On the plus side it was not crowded (though I know now why) and the servers were very nice. And then it went downhill...fast. I ordered some sashimi and a ginger salad. The salad was a plate of iceberg with mayo-type "ginger" dressing. Nasty. Next up is the sashimi. The tuna was FROZEN, hard as a rock, and MEALY. It crumbled in my mouth and if you know sashimi, this is not what you want to have happen. 
My boyfriend ordered a chicken teriyake bento box. We heard the microwave go off a few times before we got our food so we were only mildly shocked his meal had been microwaved. Chicken was bland and sitting in a gelatinous sauce accompanied by a chicken nugget (no clue on this???) and some other less entertaining but equally gross sides.
Sure its not that expensive but you couldn't pay me to go back. Save you money and your stomachs. It deserves no stars.For the price point, you're getting an amazing deal.
Fish is fresh here, and service is prompt (though can be a bit slow if you're sitting around the corner out of sight towards the end of your meal). We shared the mini platter which had delicious pickings. The chirashi bowl was HUGE for the miniscule price we paid.
The space is really awesome. It looks a bit like Barbuzzo (long rectangle), with floor-to-ceiling windows facing out lined with old school brick. 
Please please support this business so that we can continue getting sushi that comes at a great price!Great service. Great food. Can't beat the price.
This local joint boasts great service with fresh sushi and unbeatable value.  Will come here again and again.solid experience. nice staff and the alaskan roll was delishhh. this was a cute date spot (if you actually like your date, or you want to talk to them, not terribly loud like so many restaurants!).I agree.  Nice people, but the place is just subpar food-wise and actually overpriced for quality.  The ramen I had tasted like it could have come right out of a supermarket ramen package, and a box of MSG was out in plain view!  Sushi didn't taste much better than the pre-packaged stuff they sell at airports.  Disappointing.I ordered miso soup and a spicy tuna roll. The waitress was dressed in pajamas. The miso came out lukewarm so I sent it back to be microwaved and then I came out scalding hot and burnt my mouth. The tuna roll was okay, nothing special. 
The real reason this restaurant gets one star is that THE FOOD WAS ROTTEN. I got horrible diarrhea the next morning.Let me preface this by saying I have eaten sushi pretty much all over the world. Outside of Japan, where sushi and its preparation approaches a religion, the best sushi is in the US. In Philadelphia, we are beleesed with a number of very good places, but for the money and convenience,Big Eye is my favorite. I have been here many imes and worked my way though their menu. Very fresh , well prepared and well presented, this is the best sushi value in Philadelphia. II went here for a quick lunch. Had a cold seaweed salad, which was refreshing and good.  Had salmon, eel and california roll. The fish was very fresh, excellent texture and flavor, and for $20, it was very reasonable.I walked by this place many times but never went in. I tried it based on a friend suggestion. I can't wait to go back. Clean place, good food, and extremely friendly staff.Samuel does it up right.  Fish is fresh and tasty, the specialty rolls are creative and fun, and the staff extremely pleasant and polite.
Nice location, very clean, cool exposed brick walls, and very laid back low key atmosphere.  Place is never over crowded, you can always get in.
If you want fancy, go to Morimoto.  If you want awesome reliable Sushi at a decent price at a low key hole in the wall, this is your place!I really want to love this local sushi bar but...
the fish is not great quality and I suspect some may have been thawed from frozen The shumai is most certainly a frozen, pre-fab product. The presentation is fairly nice, but nothing great and that is the only positive thing I can say about Big Eyes. The service is slow, even when the place is practically empty. And unfortunately, on more than one occasion, we have experienced servers not speaking enough English to answer rudimentary questions about the menu. Pantomiming an order and still not getting what you want should never be a part of a dining experience.  During our last visit, we encountered a waitress who wore a t-shirt printed with profanity!  (And she was the American on staff so she knew her shirt to be offensive.) 
I sincerely hope that the owner reads these reviews and makes substantive changes. The wait staff needs to be better trained and able to serve the needs of the customers. The products used for raw sushi need to be top quality to prevent illness. If Big Eyes can step up their game, I'd happily return. My family eats sushi about once a week and this could be our cozy, local place...if changes are made.I love you, Big Eyes Sushi!  Ever since this place moved to the neighborhood, my husband and I have dined there once a week.  The sushi is super-fresh, delicious, and so, so, so affordable.  Shrimp tempura roll -- YUM.  And the staff couldn't be more friendly -- they keep giving us a free salted orange for dessert.  Last night they even threw in a green tea ice cream rice cake!  Everyone needs to visit this place, PRONTO.  I'd hate to see them fail -- it's a great addition to the neighborhood.Holy pants that's some good sushi!
I got the Big Eyes Mini Platter and everything was fresh, well prepared and very tasty. I still feel guilty for not having frequented the previous sushi joint that was in this same spot - but I'm pretty sure I'll be ordering again. Now if I can just convince them to sign up with GrubHub ......The night I went in here to get sushi on my way home was their 4th night being open, so I want to cut them some slack.  The experience was such that I won't be able to bring myself to try this place again for a few months, but I will give it another shot and see if they work out their opening kinks.
We walked in and asked for a menu to order takeout.  There was one table of two guys and one guy sitting at the sushi bar when we came in, and two sushi chefs behind the counter.  The hostess/waitress showed us to a table to sit down and gave us menus, then disappeared for about 15 minutes while we figured out our order and waited for her to return.  She returned and took our order- it seemed like she was struggling with English a bit but she was very nice and read back our order correctly. A half hour later we were still waiting for our order and meanwhile people had been coming in by twos and threes since we ordered.  Finally she brought us the sushi, but said that they couldn't make the gyoza I had ordered for some reason I couldn't quite understand- she seemed pretty stressed out but was very nice and apologetic.  We said OK that's fine, we'll just pay for the sushi and go.  The bill was surprisingly low for how much sushi we had ordered.  That should have been a warning.
When we got home and unwrapped our order, we saw much to our dismay that about 50% of the order was incorrect.  They had given us some kind of spicy tuna roll instead of my yellowtail scallion roll (and I HATE spicy rolls, mayo and raw fish grosses me out), only one salmon avocado roll instead of two, and the ingredients in some of Ely's special rolls were not as they appeared on the menu.  The fish itself was very good quality (in the single roll I ended up eating), the rice was just OK, kinda reminded me of Uncle Ben's because it was oddly longer-grained than usual, and the seaweed was bizarrely chewy.  If I had been eating more than one roll it probably would have tired my jaw out.
Being that I had left the gym at 7, didn't get home with food until 8:30, had to make some frozen Trader Joe's potstickers to round out a full meal for myself and then discovered that I was missing my favourite sushi roll on top of everything, I was one seriously cranky girl.  I won't be back for a while- maybe they'll get the kinks worked out.I hate to give a bad review, but i want to save others from a bad dinner. We were the only customers on a Saturday evening. The ginger tasted like ammonia, the eel was scaly and the tuna and oshinko rolls had minuscule filings and were sloppily put together. Plus, it was expensive. So disappointing. The server was very attentive and sweet, though.Very good sushi. Small and clean restaurant. Friendly staff. Definitely recommend. We were out to celebrate and he made it special! We just realized after leaving that he stayed open 45 minutes longer than his normal hours for us too!Big Eyes, you are exactly what this space needs.  Your service was excellent and most importantly, your fish was outstanding.
When some fellow Yelpers suggested checking out Big Eyes, I was a bit wary.  I know that this particular restaurant location has seen some changeover in the years that I've lived in Philadelphia.  Still, with a group of 5 on a Friday evening I decided to give it a shot.
We arrived and were seated at a table with a "Reserved" sign on it.  I don't require that level of pomp and circumstance in my life but I don't frown on it either.  At this point, we opened our wine and began our dinner convo.
We all started with edamame which was nicely steamed and salt.  As a group, we got a sashimi platter and a fair number of rolls from their specialty and their traditional categories.  Upon my first bite of the sashimi, I could tell that this chef came to play.  Sushi is very much an art form in my opinion and also an activity that requires a high degree of skill.  This fish besides tasting ultra fresh, truly melted.  Each person at the table had the same look of wonderment in their eyes as they took their first bites.  Needless to say, we decimated the plate.
What followed next was an roll assortment assault.  The chef not only prepared the rolls splendidly, but split them up and artistically presented them platters where he intertwined them to make beautiful shapes.  The colors seemed to play beautifully with each other and as we ate our way through our selections, our conversation was dominated by how much we enjoyed ourselves.
Lastly, I want to mention the price.  Our bill came and we were just shocked at how reasonably priced this place is.
Seriously, you need to eat here.I love this place! Just moved in down the street and I've been to Big Eyes at least four times now. Every time has been better than the last. 
For starters, I support any kind of establishment that incorporates fruit into their entrees. Other than Umai Umai in Fairmount, Big Eyes is the only other sushi place I've seen do this.  And in such a simply delicious roll! The New York Roll is simply fresh apple, crabstick (yeah yeah, not real.) avocado and cucumber. But you can't go wrong it's so delicious! such a refreshing taste.  And the spicy tuna! they put jalapeno in it! I LOVED that. The first time we went in, the sushi chef made us a after dinner orange plate carved into the shape of a boat! awesome. 
My second visit, the guy custom made me a roll because I couldn't figure out what I wanted but I knew I wanted something spicy. He made me a roll with soft shell crab, jalapeno, avocado, and cucumber and topped with yellowtail and some extra spicy sauce. It was so delicious! and fresh. 
Honestly, for the price you can't beat this place. If you go for dinner you're more than likely going to get a roll that's already on the dinner special menu and all rolls on that menu come with a choice of miso or salad. you can't beat it! They are so friendly here and the sushi chefs are so accommodating. I am now going to go order pick up. ENJOY!
The only reason i'm not going to give them 5 stars is because I think they can do some interior improvements, and yeah get rid of the toaster oven... a little weird. aha.SO DELISH - was not expecting to love it as much as I did!  the sushi was seriously spectacular.  my favorite was the Jingle Bell roll.  Never had anything quite so good.  I highly recommend this place - I have big eyes for Big Eyes!This place is great. The Sushi here is of really fantastic quality and the chefs know how to make not only extremely good dishes, but also very presentable as well. The service was good and the atmosphere was very fun and enjoyable. I would recommend that everyone who enjoys sushi should try this place at least once, as it only takes one time to become hooked on this place.What a nice place. My husband and I were wondering around Philly after a 5k and before a hurricane, craving some sushi. Checking in with our fellow yelpers we decided on Big Eyes. We were the only people in the place (there was that hurricane). The owner Sammy was so friendly and accommodating. My husband had the all-you-can-eat sushi and was very happy with his choice. I had spicy tuna rolls, yellowtail sashimi and tuna maki rolls, all very good. Hot tea and miso soup, as well as the wonderful service, help warm us on a cold, wet night.Here's an awesome update, my boyfriend ordered sushi from here while at my house and went to pick it up and he noticed they overcharged him 6 dollars but he didn't say anything. He was just super pissed and ready to completely write them off. 
The next day, they gave him a call and said they realized they overcharged him and gave the money back! I have worked at a lot of restaurants and i'm pretty sure if we ever would overcharge someone we're not going to tell you if you didn't notice. haha as sad as it is it's true. These people are awesome for doing that so i'm adding a star to my review.
Oh and lately i've been going so much they know my order and name now. They really are making a point to get to know their customers and the neighborhood. I love them.Big Eyes,
After my last visit I'm not such a fan and frankly have moved on to better, more comfortable sushi venues.  My last visit was on valentine's day, with my valentine.  We chose your restaurant as a special spot because we always get such wonderful personalized service.  But this latest time it was apparent that you were not the individuals in charge of your establishment.  The two boisterous folks at the sushi bar with their dozen beers lined up already halfway through their stash were beyond obnoxious.  They were being, in my mind, racially offensive toward you and and your employees as well as commenting loudly on anything they could overhear or oversee.  This was not limited to questions I asked of the waiter, who was very polite and trying to ignore them.  I feel this was an error on your part because your obnoxious customers had a detrimental effect on the experience of other regular customers.  You still have some of the best raw fish I've eaten in Philadelphia, but the whole evening turned us off to your attitude toward your customers.  Because you had many orders you took a while to take our order, that was ok.  In that time we thought about leaving, but decided to stick it out.  I wish we'd left.
Sincerely,
Schuyler L.