Have to change your hours listed,  seems like you close an hour earlier than listed here.  As of lately, more than an hour and a half earlier than listed.  It's a shame cause it is a good go to healthily spot.  But ya  close when you wnt, and you have people at your locked door before the hours listed both online and on the posted note pasted at door sometimesI REALLY wanted to love this place but it's so hard when every time you order the same wrap or same smoothie, they taste different every single time, depending on who is making it. I love the tropikale smoothie and am currently trying to force feed it to myself because it has this awful bitter taste that I've never tasted in it before. The 5-6 other times I've ordered it, it has been good, albeit, never the same. Also, whenever they hand you your wrap, the box containers are so messy, covered in dressing/ food from their gloves while making the wraps. I keep going back hoping that that visit will be one of the visits where my order tasted like what I had expected but unfortunately that has never happened :(I love this place. Their smoothies, juices and wraps are so delicious and healthy with such fresh ingredients. And I love that they have a small and medium option for wraps (as well as juices/smoothies). The small wrap is the perfect size on its own or with a juice for a more hearty lunch if you're the kind of person (me) that's always annoyed about the lack of smaller portions at lunch places. And tons of fresh veggies in the wraps. Not often I have a delicious lunch AND feel amazing after. Also, the prices are on point, especially considering the quality and freshness of ingredients. Favs include honey mustard wrap, Island rhythm juice and tropikale smoothie. I only wish it was closer to home or work. I never write reviews but am such a fan I couldn't not.The food at Bimini is great! Fresh and delicious. The prices are reasonable, too.Best juice bar around! Kids love the smoothies I love that they are healthy and the staff is friendly! Highly recommend!I love this place!!!  The oatmeal is so yummy and the people there are so helpful and friendly.  Everything is made to order so you know it's fresh!I order from here all the time! Their juice is always fresh and food portions are more than what you pay for. If you are looking for a quick bite to eat I highly recommend.Simply love this place. The wraps are deliciously fresh, staff is awesome, and the concept is fantastic. I'm glad Philly has a new "Affordable" place to get fresh juices . Please take the time to visit them. You won't be disappointed...Not sure why I have not gone here yet. Went today. Great price, great/fresh food, awesome smoothie. And all the options your heart desires. $10 for a smoothie and wrap. Can't beat that. Icing on the cake, the staff was so nice and pleasant. Glad I discovered.This place is so fresh and hearty. Everything in the menu is all about health and healthy lifestyle! I really enjoy coming here after the gym or on a nice Sunday morning. The quality of everything is very good and fresh. So glad to have a place like this in the neighborhoodHad their Strawberry Mango smoothie and opted for coconut milk instead of yogurt. Was really good and the ice to liquid ratio was on point. The price point was also fair and I'd love to go back to try more of their food (salads and bowls).This place is excellent!! So consistent. Love the açai bowl; very authentic. All the smoothies and juices I had here were great. I still have to try the food. I wish they stayed open later so that I could drop in after an evening yoga class!Bimini is over priced and crazy slow - don't go if your in rush. The smoothies and juices are good. The food is fair. I spent $6 to eat the crust piece of the bread, and it was burnt.Everything on this menu is fresh, delicious, and well-priced. I love that everything is made fresh to order. I had a strawberry Gorgonzola salad with albacore, and the portion was generous. I've also enjoyed the açaí bowl here and various juice blends. 
My only hesitation in providing five stars is the lack of friendly customer service. When I order at this place, I almost feel like I'm inconveniencing the rather unfriendly staff behind the counter. This has been my experience every time I've come here. I'll likely start calling in orders to minimize interactions with the staff. Otherwise, the place is great.My smoothie and salad was so incredibly good. Try the strawberry gorgonzola with the homemade dressing. YummA great addition to 2nd street! The staff are very friendly and helpful, and as others have said, they designed the space wonderfully. On my first visit I asked for a smoothie recommendation and was steered towards the Avocado Melon. I would have never picked it on my own, so I am very glad it was recommended because it was delicious! I've also tried the Thai Crunch and Strawberry Gorgonzola salads which are great. Looking forward to when they add chicken and other protein options for the salads. We needed a place like this in Northern Liberties!A newly addition to Northern Liberty area. The whole store is very clean, spacious, and inviting. They have a decent selection of juices, smoothies and salads. I only tried the juice here so far and I got the delicious vacation which was really good. The flavor was so refreshing and naturally sweet that you could tell it was made from fresh ingredients. All the ingredients and the options on the menu are healthy as well so you won't feel guilty eating/drinking here. The place has a chillax vibe with more tables in the back so you could do work, study, or simply meet up friends while enjoying a healthy and delicious drink. The price is reasonable in my opinion for the portion. The servers are friendly and helpful too. Overall, it is a nice place that's worth to check out if you are in the area :)TINY portions. My lunch came with SIX tortilla chips. I ordered a Ceasar salad wrap and it was smaller than the size of my hand. It tasted ok. You can get triple the amount and much better flavor at HipCityVeg.This place looked so promising with all its fun healthy flavors, but unfortunately looks can be deceiving. I ordered the blueberry kale avocado smoothie, it took close to 10 minutes to make, which I'm fine waiting if it was a great smoothie. When I tasted the smoothie it tasted like ice and unripe avocado. For 6 bucks that's just not okay. I appreciate the effort using fresh fruit and veggies but I think they need to train their employees some more.I love the juices here very tasty and freshly made! I ordered their Caesar wrap and it was very disappointing, very garlic-y and also not the best portion, it's more like a snack. If stay away from the food and stick to the juices!Michael and his crew were very courteous. Juice was fresh and packed with nutrients. Environment was clean and friendly.I love this place! Not only do they have delicious smoothies and wraps, but the atmosphere is cozy and comforting. Just from walking inside, you get automatically inspired to do yoga, go for a run, and break up with all fried food for life. The staff is friendly and is happy to help with all your questions regarding the extensive menu. I love that I can eat something delicious without feeling sluggish and greasy in this neighborhood. Do you and your body a favor and stop over to Bimini.The smoothie and food I ordered was delicious. I would have given Bimini five stars but the employees were screaming and cursing about their personal life for 30 minutes. I had traveled across town to work on my computer there but the employees were so loud I had to leave. I'm not sure if they are all teenagers but it did not seem that any managers were there. We all know how frustrating life can be but you have to respect your work environment and at least keep the volume down. When I left all employees wished me well and I appreciated it. I will come back but I will order Togo.Great healthy cafe in Fish town. Portions are small but appropriate. Heads up: if you are extremely hungry do NOT order the regular as it is what most would consider a snack sized portion. They have TONS of juice options. I split the dream vacation juice with a friend on a quick lunch stop. (It was TOO DELICIOUS TO SHARE). They also have a large variety of sandwich, wraps and salad option. The ambiance of the cafe is very cute and hipster, much like all of the cafes in this area. I will definately stop back in the next I'm in Fishtown.Wow... This juice bar is one of the best in the city.  The atmosphere and decor were welcoming and the employees were more than helpful. There many different options to choose from but the one girl behind the counter gave me a good idea what ingredients went well together.  They also had some free samples of some of their smoothies and free fruit infused water which was nice. They convinced me to try the Immortal Detox and it was one of the best (healthiest) juices I had. I'll definitely be back again to try one of their salads or smoothies because from what I can see their stuff is pretty fresh.Went here for lunch on a Sunday, steady flow of clients but service remained polite and quick. Prices are a little high for the portions but the quality of food was well worth it. I'd recommend to a friend!I don't know what I just ate. I ordered a kale salad with protein and I think? It was chicken. It was semi frozen and it looked like the pre cooked chicken breast that you buy at Costco with the fake grill marks. Gross.What a cute little shop! This place just opened up on 2nd St in Northern Liberties. It's very health hipster themed with little cacti and weird gold shapes on the natural wood bar - so I love it!
I opted to get a smoothie - the Blueberry Avocado Kale smoothie to be exact. The smoothies are made with greek yogurt but they also have a diary free option as well. My smoothie was sweetened with Honey (vegans look out). It took a few minutes for them to make the smoothie but they have all fresh ingredients. The smoothie was pretty tasty and I felt pretty healthy drinking it. They have a bunch of really great sounding flavors that I would love to try. You also have the option for add ins - like protein. I might have to stop and try it because this place is on the way home from my gym. 
For two smoothies, it was about $10 which is what I would expect for a boutique smoothie/juice bar. I definitely will be back.Dope little spot for sure when you need that good good.  Stopped in and had an Immortal Detox and a salad.  Salad was super big and well worth the price with fresh ingredients.  Juice was equally great tasting and will be back without question.Love! I'm addicted and go everyday... So happy a juice bar is finally open in the neighborhood!this is my go to smoothie place in the neighborhood. sweet greens is my go to, love this place.Weakest/worst $6 cold brew I have ever had. I can't speak for the smoothies but I would not order a coffee. This review is shorter than most so I have to keep writing in order to tell you that I will never go back here.This place is amazing. I ordered the Mexican Wrap and the Tropikale smoothie. Everything was so good and the portions are perfect for a light and healthy lunch. I can't wait to try more things off of the menu.Love this place! I go there every time I'm in the neighborhood for the Tropikal, Ceasar salad and one of those blueberry almond protein bars.  Delicious and oh so healthy!  Thank you!Funky place with all of the fruits and veggies on display so you know they are fresh. I went in to get an acai bowl (and was syked bc I've been on the hunt for one in the area). The bowl was great the only criticism was that I asked if they had peanut butter (for the bowl). They said yes so I had them add it. Turned out it was peanut butter powder...not a big deal but would have liked to know. Overall good spotClean, AC on high and good service. I got a customer green juice heavy on the ginger and she made it perfectly!!Nice place in Fishtown for a quick healthy snack or lunch alone or with a couple friends. The staff is sociable and can chat you up or leave you alone if you wish. The juices and smoothies are mad fresh AND refreshing. I was pleasantly surprised to find out they sell Vita Coco which is my kids fav coconut water. I plan to actually have a wrap someday since summer is coming soon but during the winter the chicken noodle soup was my go to breakfast quite a few times. The early morning hours are nearly coffin quiet so I recommend going then if you've never gone and need some time to check out the menu.LOVE Bimini juices, salads, and wraps! Love the fact I can customize my wrap or salad. Haven't had the time to visit it yet but I have ordered many many times through UberEATS. I work in lower north Philadelphia and hate not having fresh, delicious, and reasonable healthy food. Thank You for existing!I have been here several times in the last two weeks. With the hot weather, smoothies and wraps have been just the thing. Place is clean and generally well run and fast service. Taking a star off for the rude staff today, 6/21 am. Two women (one with neck tattoos) who were much too busy talking to bother with customers and were just plain nasty when trying to order. Staff can really make or break a business and one or two bad experiences can make you not want to go back.
update 7/5: another family member stopped in this afternoon to pick up smoothies and a wrap. without even knowing I had a bad experience earlier, family member related the same situation: empty store with 3 employees talking on phones and to each other, with little regard to customer service, and an error in the order. We love the food here, please get it together with the staffing issues!Their wraps come with whole wheat tortillas by default, and also their smoothies are made with soymilk. For around $9 you can get a large wrap with chips and enjoy a really tasty and filling lunch.
My co workers turned me on to this place and I love it. There's even a bit of parking on the street so I don't have to pay for delivery. I always look forward to ordering here.I previously gave Bimini a 5 star review and they were well worthy of it, however the last few times I've been there the quality has not been the same.  
Today was perhaps my worst experience so far.  I ordered oatmeal and avocado toast.  The avocado on the toast was mostly brown and looked like they had been sitting out for too long.  They put so much maple syrup on my oatmeal that it was basically maple syrup soup and I had to poor the excess syrup out.  They also forgot one of the three toppings I ordered for my oatmeal.
I've been a loyal costumer of Bimini's for a couple of years now and have spent a lot of money there. It's a bummer to have to rate them so low, but the food just hasn't been to the same quality as I've come to expect.  I hope their management can fix these issues before they lose more customers.  
Disappointed.Well, I just had one of the best salads ever! Ordered online off their own website a "Mixed Kale Salad" with poppy seed dressing and added broccoli and grape tomatoes. It was seriously so fresh and delicious that I didn't end up using all of the dressing! When ingredients are that fresh, it's just not necessary (although the dress WAS good). Although it didn't actually have any kale in it (weird), it was a perfect salad of spring mix, feta, cucumbers, green peppers, and my added broccoli and tomatoes. I also got a shot of wheatgrass for $1.95. I will ABSOLUTELY be back! When you walk in the store you can see all of the fresh veggies and fruits and I knew right then that I had made a good decision to get lunch from there. The salad was big, fresh, and delicious. Keep up the good work, Bimini Juice Bar!Waaaaay too much banana in their açaí purée. You can't taste any açaí - it just tastes like blended banana. $10 for a tiny bowl. Haven't tried anything else here, but maybe their smoothies are good.It's probably the healthiest spot in the hood ( Northern Liberties). You can't beat their prices for salads and smoothies and you never leave feeling guilty. I can down the peanut butter cup smoothie in a regular, which is HUGE in way less time than it should take to drink one. It's always a good lift when I need one or a reward for working out. The salads are also a good size and filling. The strawberry poppy dead salad is my current go to with buffalo ( hot sauce) dressing on the side. I added avocado this last time, which made it even better.Come here all the time. Food is fresh, service is great and quick. A must try is the avocado wrap with tofu & the immortal detox juice$ I get it every time and it never disappoints. Great meal for after the gymCome once a day, juice is great , ingredients fresh every day, prices are very good for what you get. Anyone in northern liberties should stop in and try it.I've never actually stepped inside the store, but I order from them all the time through Uber Eats. I absolutely love their TropiKale smoothie and their Forever Energy Juice.  One of my work buddies raves about their strawberry gorgonzola wrap.  If you are looking for a healthy option for a snack during the day, you can't go wrong with one of their smoothies or juices. It's the best part of the work day when the Uber Eats delivery arrives at the front desk!Ordered off Grubhub. Spent $30 on two drinks and a wrap. The delivery guy, who I had pretipped with my card didnt even get out of the car to deliver the food, had to run over to their car and grab it through their window. We didnt get straws for either of our drinks and the one smoothy tasted like it was entirely made of avocado. Would be willing to try again if I went there in person but would not order delivery from here again.Must try smoothie/juice bar!
13 smoothies on the menu.  
13 juices as well plus lots of rotating specials.  Wheatgrass, turmeric and apple cider shots!!
Salads
Wraps
Açaí bowls
All fresh!  You can see in their fridge that nothing is frozen.I come here pretty often since I live in the area. The staff is friendly. The service is a little slow, but the juices are freshly made so it's expected. 
The reason I'm giving this place one star is because the oatmeal is marketed as a healthy option.  You get to choose 3 toppings and any of this can be a sweetener.  What they don't tell you is that there's already tons of sugar mixed into the oatmeal before they make it. I've mentioned how misleading this is and how it's even dangerous for customers who may be diabetic, but I've been ignored every time. 
Maybe at first read it doesn't seem like that big of a deal, but people go to juice bars because they care about what they are putting into their bodies.  When I ordered the oatmeal I asked 2 times if there was sugar in it. And then specifically stated that I wanted it unsweetened and sugar free.  I only realized there was sugar in the oatmeal once I took the first bite. That's when the staff told me that there was sugar mixed into the oatmeal before they make it.  What other items are on the menu and marketed as healthy food options, but then pre-made with sugar?The salads are delicious!! Huge portions and everything is fresh. They have several salads on the menu, but I usually build my own. You choose two lettuce bases and four toppings, then It's only $2.00 extra for added protein, which isn't bad. The lemon vinaigrette is my favorite dressing. Can't wait to try their juices and wraps.Great place. Everything is extremely fresh. Very clean & modern. Tried the Life at the beach juice and the buffalo wrap. Can't wait to try the rest of the menuEverything at the store is fresh nothing frozen the people are awesome and the place is super clean and you can sit in the back and enjoy fireplace or enjoy your laptop I must place to stop and get a good smoothie or a wrap or salad or juiceI love this place - their smoothies and juices are amazing, however their hours are very loose and that can be annoying. I had been craving the Tropikale smoothie all week and saw they opened at 8 am, so I decided I would stop on my way to work, however they didn't open at 8 and no one was even inside preparing to open. I was super disappointed because I had really been looking forward to it.  This has happened to me in the past but I assumed it was a fluke.the one in city fitness Logan square: I was super excited for this place to open right beneath my gym. The first time I went I got a smoothie it wasn't great. The second time I went it was 15 minutes before they closed and they didn't want to make any more food so I didn't get anything. I thought I'd give it one more try tonight and while the cashier was very friendly they completely messed up my salad and charge me for added protein of chicken which was never even put in my salad. I'm upset because I'm short on money right now and was looking forward to a protein-rich dinner but now I'm just stuck eating vegetables with no chicken. What a waste of money and time. They are now closed and it's impossible to find a contact number to call them. I won't be going back there again. And it's a shame since I could have been a regular customer since I am already a frequent visitor of the gym above.Great juice options that are reasonably priced. Salads are also not bad and the acai bowls are good. Great spot in the neighborhood for all you healthy eaters out there!I'm new to the area. I found this place after the gym! What a find, the price point is great for the juice and salad.. super fresh will be going a few times a week..Love this place!! Philadelphia does not have enough convenient, affordable options for healthy fare. Bimini has delicious wraps starting at $5, salads starting at $7 and even filling 20oz smoothies for $6! I typically rely on Honeygrow or Sweetgreen for a fresh healthy option, and leave there spending $13 on a trendy salad. This is a welcome change.
I got the small Waldorf wrap (yes they have 2 sizes!!) filled with feta, apples, walnuts and balsamic. I decided to add chicken for $2 more but probably didn't need it, it was plenty loaded! I also got a large strawberry banana smoothie (it was my first time so I went all out!) and it was so yummy and fresh.
The interior is cute with reclaimed wood and there is seating at the bar along the wall in case you want to stay.
I'll be back Bimini!they fixed my order and gave me a free smoothie. thanks guys. changing my mind about stuff. awesomeI live up the street and come here about once or twice a week. I adore what this place brings to Northern Liberties. Staff is so welcoming, prices are fair, options are many. I wish they also sold produce in the unused back area. I would so get my produce here.I don't know how many stars to give this place. For food, it's about a 4 or 5. Very good. FOR SERVICE it's got to be below a 1. I work for a small business in the area. If I treated my customers like they do, we'd be shut down in a week. It's very strange. You walk in and they look at you like you're an annoyance. The delivery and tone of every person I've spoken to there has been one of irritation. I totally don't get it. I don't expect much and NEVER write reviews, but I felt compelled to do so here. It's not me, because I've observed them treat others like this. The people who work there are rude, plain and simple.  There is an icy vibe from the minute you walk in the door, and it continues even AFTER I've greeted them with a smile, a tip, and order something very simple. I wonder who else has experienced this here? One time I was snapped at for not seeing where the spoons were. Me questioning this  really put the young lady behind the counter over the edge. It's weird that it's the woman at the front AND the people who make your food who seem constantly annoyed! It makes for an unpleasant vibe. I swear every time I come back to this place, I keep my distance for awhile b/c I always feel crappy upon leaving. The only reason I keep coming back is b/c it's truly a yummy lunch spot, but I have a feeling I'm about done dealing with this place.Great selection of juices and smoothies. Menu also has several salad and wraps. I tried a small Mexican wrap which was yummy but so note that a small wrap is TINY! So if you're hungry I'd suggest getting a large. For $5 I was happy with the small wrap for a late lunch. For the neighborhood these seems to be one of the few healthy grab and go options which is why I give it 4 stars. The space is also sizable if you want to sit to eat lunch or get some work done. That being said they could do something to make the seating a bit more welcoming and hang some art on the back walls as there is next to no decor in the back. Looking forward to coming back to try a smoothie as my husband got the strawberry banana and I found it yummy and the consistency spot on.I've been waiting for a juice bar to come to the neighborhood and this place hits the spot. They have a variety of juices/smoothies and such a cute set up too! I had the Green Monster smoothie which was so refreshing. Also, the staff were very friendly and even checked up on my friends and me to make sure the smoothies we ordered were tasty.Don't bother trying the açaí bowls. The first time I got one, it tasted like soap- probably because the blender wasn't properly washed. I gave them another chance, but the second bowl wasn't any better. The blend had huge ice chunks that made it hard to eat. Probably won't be giving them another chance.After a misunderstanding about the order and my complaints ( I acknowledge that at times I might be difficult) they refunded the amount and everything is okThis place is so convenient. I came in just before closing time and the girls were so nice and still made a salad anyway. I built my own and she let me try the different dressings until I found the one that I felt would work best. She also gave me suggestions without trying to have too many add ons to increase the sale. 
The place is really cute. Great choices for salad options and it's located in northern liberties amongst so many other up and coming trendy spots. Not only are the salads here good, it looks like they have a great variety of options for juicing. Lots of fresh looking ingredients to choose from.I've gotten juice and smoothies here before and they have been amazing. However, yesterday I got the Mexican Wrap with Chicken and I was not impressed. In fact I was thoroughly disappointed. The chicken tasted like it hadn't been seasoned at all. I understand that the shop markets itself as healthy food but i know there are low calorie ways to season chicken. Quite frankly it was like a chicken caesar wrap but instead of caesar dressing they used a lime based dressing and added tortilla strips. the chicken was bland and left a strong, unappetizing after taste. That being said, I will be back for smoothies and juices !Ordered the sweet green smoothie & there were a bunch of stems in it :( couldn't enjoy it like I wanted.  The juice was good though.When you wake up and the only thing your stomach wants is a smoothie and you can't get your life together enough to make it yourself, Bimini is here for you. Great staff helped me talk my stomach through its list of demands and cuatom tweaked an existing menu item to make it perfect.
Location is spacious, lots of varieties of seating whether you need a squishy reading chair or a hightop.
I appreciate that they've solved the Straw Dilemma by having both paper and plastic available on the counter w/o needing to ask.Got UberEats delivery from here and it was phenomenal! Created my own wrap, just a couple adjustments from one of their menu items. Spinach, spring mix, strawberries, Gorgonzola, almonds, red onions, and balsamic vinaigrette. SO good! Got the mixed berry smoothie without the banana and added some pineapple. Also delicious! Everything felt and tasted high quality. Wish it didn't take me so long to discover this place!The only reason its not a 4 or 5 star is the acai bowl was quite underwhelming, especially for the price. The fruits seemed pretty fresh, but I did receive a negative response from the staff when I asked if they had Kiwi (which dont apparently). However, the smoothies are delicious and very well made.The food is fine, and I've really enjoyed this place. However, my issue is with their COVID practices, which are completely unacceptable. Both of the workers making the smoothies/food only had their masks over their mouths, not their noses. The one worker touched her face MULTIPLE times with her gloves on, which is gross even pre COVID. Also, a customer waking in with no mask on even though the front door clearly states no entry without a mask. Instead of an employee telling him he needs a mask, she TOOK OFF HER MASK to talk to him! I would never go back to this place, even if they weren't already closing. Makes me wonder why the store is closing in the first place...One of my favorite juice spots around, it's super close and convenient. I always get the wraps here, they are always fresh & taste great! They are super clean and the staff is always friendly.What a cute little find in Northern Liberties! I was craving a healthy option for lunch so I thought this would be the perfect place to check out and it definitely was!
I wanted something fruity, so I opted for the Tropi-Kale Smoothie which had kale, pineapple, orange, banana, and honey. I also requested they add mango (I'm a huge mango lover) and they had no problem doing so. It was fresh and fruity, with just the right amount of sweetness. It was exactly what I wanted. 
I loved the vibe as soon as I walked in. It was very clean and bright, with a welcoming feel. The staff was warm and friendly. When I told the woman at the counter that it was my first time there, she was patient with me while I decided on what to order. When I later took a seat in the back to enjoy my smoothie and send out some emails (free WiFi!), the gentleman working asked me if I was ok with the sound level. How thoughtful!
I will definitely be returning for another smoothie! They all sounded amazing!The smoothies are great! They have the best avocado toast. I usually get the caprese toast. I've ordered from them about 3 times. However this time...my smoothie had a piece of label in it. I thought it was a piece of kale until I spit it out.The açaí bowls have chunks of ice in them and no açaí bowl should ever have chunks of ice left over that you have to chew in order to eat your bowlupdate: they have really gotten it together. I have been in here about 10 times in the last month and the vibe is much more professional and friendly. The wraps, salads and smoothies are consistently good. yay.Great healthy spot in Fishtown! Bimini has a large menu full of delicious salads, wraps, smoothies, and fresh pressed juice. All of the selections were very affordable. I ordered the Thai chicken wrap and a Dream Vacation juice. Both choices tasted delicious but know that the "regular" size wrap is actually quite small. I will definitely be back to try more goodies on their menu!!Now serving a Pumpkin Lovers Smoothie for the season! Thought I'd try it out and although it was good, it wasn't my favorite. It had more of a ginger than a pumpkin taste in my opinion. Glad I tried it out, but next time I think I'm going to stick to the Tropi-Kale!I've popped into Bimini on two occasions now and I'm a fan. I've tried a couple of their smoothies, which are solid. I like some of the combos at other smoothie shops a bit more, but I think with some tinkering around I can probably find a smoothie that hits the spot for me. 
On my last visit I ordered a chicken caesar wrap to go. The wrap was substantial, not overly dressed, and came with a bag of chips. 
Staff has always been very friendly. Great option for something healthy and fast to-go!