So couple invite us for Bastille Day. I had wanted to go to BST back in the day and never made it but it really hasn't been on my list for a while. When we got the invite I was glad to accept. Good friends,I assumed food decent at worst, so sounded like fun. 
The setting . Big warehouse style building between 2 somewheres. 4th floor overlooking quasi industrialish part of the river. The crowd. Well it is a bit older. Median age 60 or 60+. The restaurant. They take the space and try to make as many tables as possible by the window overlooking river. 
Ok let's get down to food. We were 4. Opposite husband ordered crab gallette. I'm not a big sharer with other couples. It did look good. Somewhere between a cake and a mousse. He finished it. The wife got the vegetarian app. Lots of good choices on the menu imo. I wouldn't order but whatever. I ordered the escargots with sauteed mushrooms and red burgundy sauce. Honestly if this dish were at Ela or Stateside they'd add a lil jazz and the hipsters would be going batshit crazy. This was a very good dish. Red burgundy sauce just matched with snails and mushrooms so well. It was a grab an extra roll to sop it up kind of sauce. And the snails were nice and tender. My wife got the cold local corn soup. Well executed but I'm just not a huge cold corn fan. Very summer sweet.
Mains. Opposing husband got the salmon. Looked ok. Seemed a bit better done than  I prefer but I struggle all the time with this. Sauce looked nice. I got a scallop dish with sauteed veggies, potatoes and a bouillabaise sauce. Very nice. Sauce excellent. Scallops cooked properly. Not a home run but good food. My wife got the home run. Hangar steak cooked medium rare sliced down and in a red burgundy sauce. Side of green lentils. Hangar was perfectly cooked and had that extra meaty flavor that a good hangar steak should have. Burgundy sauce they just do it right. Wonderful dish.
We didn't order desert.
Here's the deal. Apps were 10-12 bucks. My escargots were $10. That's crazy cheap. The entrees were $23ish. Good quality. $5 less than many places. Wine was all Moore Brothers stuff.. No trophy wines just wine meant to be good drinking wine with food. And reasonably priced
It's not on the hipster to do list right now. But the food is very good for the price and if you renamed this restaurant and reopened it in a different section of the city it might be packed. Unfortunate but that's the way things work. So if your friends invite you by all means go, you will enjoy itInattentive and confused waiters could have been either inexperienced or under staffed. Bring SPF 45 sunblock in case you seated near the neon sign. Food was par. Bring crayons, tables are covered in paper. Bottom line: tonight was my first and last experience at st. Tropez.Came here for restaurant week a while back with my friends. The food didn't blow us away but the view was nice.really nice atmosphere. The appetizers are really good but the entries are just alright.  Still, would love to come here more often :)As we walked in - through the maze of the furniture marketplace in which the restaurant is situated - I admittedly was a little afraid of what our Restaurant Week pick had in store for us. I could not have been more pleasantly surprised! There are a couple of different dining rooms - one with more of a bistro / fine dining setting, and the other - where we sat - more of a low-key lounge with kooky lighting and leopard-topped couches. The furniture could definitely use a bit of an update, but the music was very modern and relaxing - think Ingrid Michaelson meets Air. The star dishes here were definitely the escargots appetizer - in the most delectable savory mushroom sauce - the salmon entree (wrapped in phyllo dough and served with a cauliflower mouse, and a scrumptious morsel of ratatouille inside a sweetly carved zucchini), and the profiteroles for dessert -- made with the fluffiest pastry, and the perfect balance of sweet dripping chocolate and thick milky ice cream. The staff was very friendly knowledgeable about the wine, the menu, and the history of the building - and big points have to go to our server, Jason, who made excellent recommendations. This is definitely a great little hidden gem for a dinner with friends or a date with a loved one. I'll definitely be going back.You can not find this place if you are looking for it! It is hidden on the 4th floor of the Design center building  and has very limited signage giving your directions. 
Despite all the trouble finding the place, I was impressed with the restaurant layout/views of the river. I felt very under-dressed in my jeans and sweater. 
I ordered the tasting menu which included the mushroom soup-Absolutely AMAZING! Seafood in a broth over a biscuit-Very Good but a little too salty and Creme Puffs for dessert.
My meal was very complete, filling, and delicious. 
I would recommend this place for a dinner date or a business meeting.Went to a pre-wedding out of town guest dinner at Bistro St. Tropez, and it was delightful.  The food was excellent - even more so given the 100 or so guests served dinner.  The bar and wait staff were friendly and knowledgeable.  And the view of the river and that part of Philly was a treat.  What a great place for such an event!Great, moderately priced, and a 2-for-1 coupon made for an excellent meal. Service was excellent, chipper servers abound. Melon gazpacho and scallops impressed me greatly.Full disclaimer: This is the very first time I've felt the compulsion to write a review regarding a restaurant experience. I came here with my girlfriend the day before Valentine's Day on a trip to Philadelphia from New York City, with a reservation. 
Cutting to the chase, the cost of this dining experience was extremely inflated. We payed Michelin star prices for a meal experience reminiscent of a $40 dollar NYC midtown theatre pre-fixe, which is a generous comparison.
1. After ordering our food, the waiter never once checked on its preparation or how we were enjoying it. We poured our own wine for the duration of the meal. Again, no big deal, but at $120 per person, I like to expect some degree of attentive service. This felt more like a service at a cheap all-inclusive resort.
2. We waited 45 minutes for our entree, which was mediocre at best. The restaurant is extremely understaffed and it shows painfully. Interestingly enough, we received two desserts consecutively, only to have the second taken from our table when they realized they had over-served. (The exorbitant price - $68 per person - only gets you and your partner a shared mousse and grape-sized portion of sorbet.) There is no organization here - no sense of professionalism from the staff.
3. Returning to the crux of my complaint, the value of this meal is simply non-existent. This is faux-fine dining. For a shot glass of soup, two minuscule courses, and a shared dessert, you will pay an arm and a leg. If you are willing to look past the racket they are running at Bistro St. Tropez, then you will enjoy your time here. Coming from Manhattan, I am used to paying a premium on dining, especially during holidays. At the risk of sounding like a snob, I've spent three-times what I've spent per person on this meal and felt satisfied. Here, I felt robbed.
4. The environment does not make up for the value. The restaurant is located in what is essentially the fourth floor abandoned construction site The dining quarters are cramped and the decor is outdated and uninspired. Only a neon sign on the other side of the restaurant provided any semblance of ambience. Expect to be packed into tables like sardines.
Ultimately, we left feeling dissatisfied, hungry, and taken advantage of. After a post meal discussion, we learned other diners felt similarly, confessing to us that they were heading to grab take-out Chinese food after their meal. Not the best way to spend a holiday weekend, nor to blow hard-earned money. Please do yourself and your date a favor and do your due diligence:  avoid this so-called "bistro" and visit a quality dining establishment that values your time and money.I returned for Mothers Day with my mom. They did a lovely prix fix menu with a nice variety of choices. My mom loved the food, and we had a great time! I was a little bit worried with it being a holiday that it would be overly crowded/loud and the service would falter. Not so! The food was just as good as the previous visit and our server was excellent.I'm honestly shocked at the negative reviews.  I'd like to first respond by suggesting that you take someone's review based on a restaurant week experience with a grain of salt.  Seriously...  it's restaurant week, and you're someone who wants to be a hip, know-it-all foodie for 1 week but otherwise orders out for pizza.
I've eaten here many many (emphasis on many) times and have never been disappointed with the food.  If you want to be sure that they don't prepare the food & leave it under the heat lamp for ages, as one reviewer speculated, just look in the little circular window as you walk in and watch them make it. There are no secret cover-ups. 
Lunch is pretty busy, since the restaurant is located on the 4th floor of an interior design building and there really aren't a lot of other places in the immediate area, but the sandwiches  are such a great alternative to the typical hoagie fare.   
my lunch favorite: Cocotte - white meat chicken salad with grapes, basil, apple, walnuts, celery and dijon mayonnaise on pita bread.
The salads are large and there's a diverse selection.. not just garden salad vs. caesar, but some unique and creative combinations and they are definitely satisfying on their own.
Get the sweet potato fries!
Dinner time is almost never crowded. You probably don't need a reservation unless it's a special event. Ask to sit by a window, the views (in either room) are incredible. You get the river with the bridge lit up at night, 30th street station and, though it's better to see during the day, the art museum. The lack of crowds mean you can have an intimate conversation with your guests comfortably.
Patrice is amazing. It is not often that the owner/chef of a restaurant will come out during dinner to go table to table and ask if everything is OK. His accent will also make you melt, which is always a plus for me.
I think it's usually empty because of its location. There is not much around and it can be a little shady at night time, but if you can quickly shuffle a couple blocks to Chestnut or Walnut, you're back in the mix of it all again, safe and sound.NEVER AGAIN. 
EW. 
The food here was awful, the waiters acted like they had much better things to do and the clientele made me feel like I was eating in Penn's cafeteria. I didn't go to Penn for a reason, folks. 
Salmon Tartare: There was no salmon, I'm pretty sure. It was mushy tomatoes and olives in a ring mold with balsamic vinegar from the Christmas Tree Shop drizzled on top.
Striped Bass: First of all, Im pretty sure it was flounder. Second of all, there was no goat cheese as promised. Third of all, it tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp all day.
Do yourselves a favor...Go to the rite aid around the corner and buy $140 worth of beef jerkey and cheese balls. It will be a better meal.
xoVisited for restaurant week with my boyfriend... As others have said, the location was strange and kind of unfortunate.  The building is mainly a design complex for home decor.  We followed signs throughout the building leading us up to the 4th floor.  We were greeted by an incredibly friendly waitress who took our coats and introduced us to the French chef and owner.  She then led us through a cozy seating area to the far dining room overlooking the Schuylkill River and 30th St Station.  The chrome wall behind the bar reflected the reds and blues of the neon sign and logo in the window giving off a modern vibe.  
We had chosen it for the restaurant week menu which we'd read online... we ordered some cocktails and double checked our choices from the menu.  An added first course was brought out to us- truffle mushroom soup.  Neither of us actually like mushrooms much, but both enjoyed the light, creamy soup quite a bit.  His appetizer of lobster stuffed calamari was a bit tough, though he easily ate it all anyway. My  eggplant dish was phenomenal.  For the main course, the bf had chicken and I chose striped bass.  We each loved our own dish and liked the other's.  Our desserts were creme brulee (fantastic, I thought, though the boy would've preferred it slightly warmer) and an apple pie tart (quite good I thought, the boy loved).  
Overall, it was a great choice.  We would never have found it if not for restaurant week, and we'd definitely go back in the future.  Service was friendly and prompt, food was fantastic, and view was gorgeous.Phenomenal food paired with phenomenal service. Matthew was awesome tonight with his suggestions and his camaraderie was the icing on the cake. We brought our own bottle, but if you don't get the chance to pick up a bottle beforehand, rest assured that their selection is top notch. Do the pre fixe--it's completely worth it. Definitely a place to visit when you come to Philly or a staple to keep in your book for those Friday nights by the river.I always enjoy dining at Bistro St. Tropez. The service is great, and the servers all seem to enjoy working there. The atmosphere is pleasant and relaxed. Usually I am able to get a table with a view of the Cira Center and the Schuylkill River. Admittedly, the location is a little "off the beaten path," but after dining, I like to stroll through the top floor of the Market Place Design Center and check out the crazy furniture. I think the location is part of the Bistro's charm.
I have ordered several different seafood entrees, and the fish is always cooked perfectly. The skatewing entree is amazing, and the Dorade (Sea bass) entree comes in as a runner-up for my favorite. The sauces and accompaniments are delicious and complex. I also devour the crusty dinner rolls with pesto sauce that the servers provide before the meal. 
I have been a patron of this restaurant for four years and will continue to bring friends there for a good meal.This was a nice dining experience, and it's definately very hard to decide whether it's 3 stars or 4 stars. Here's the breakdown of my experience at Bistro St. Tropez...
Location- 2 Stars; it was a very odd location
View- 4 Stars; it offered a nice view of 30th St station and the river
Food- 3.5 Stars;  I enjoyed the Saumon Fume I ordered for my appetizer, but my meal was good, not great. My husbands meal was great, not excellent
Decor- 3 Stars; The decor was a tad 90's. It could use a little decor update, but it wasn't horrible
Service- 4 Stars; our waiter was attentive and pleasant without being overbearing
Overall, it was a pleasant enough experience, but I probably wouldn't head back there again any time soon.Excellent 5-course price fixe menu, with wine tastings for each course (champagne! dessert wine even!) for an extra $18, could not be beat price wise. Each course was quite good, memorable.The location is pretty random. Walk into some design center, go up an elevator, and there lies Bistro St. Tropez. It sports some great views of 30th St. Station and the schuykill. Perhaps some people would complain about that, but at night, watching the cars go buy amidst an already crowded city light show is pretty serene. 
The menu changes consistently. I unfortunately went for dinner so I didn't get to try any of the much more affordable sandwiches, but I did get to try a very good salmon dish. It was pistachio encrusted, decked with all sorts of fancy restaurant hooplah...reductions, etc.. It was very good, but very small. 
I'd say go here for lunch for the nifty sandwich menu and for the atmosphere. 
P.S. If you walk down the alluring spiral hallway that states "not intended for use," you get some great picture-taking locations/views. Do it!I probably wouldn't have even found this place let alone stop and had a meal if it wasn't for a Living Social voucher (2 actually). It is really in an odd place... 4th floor of an "office" building. Due to it's locale, as I understand, it does more of a lunch business, but the dinner hours are not what I would expect from a restaurant of this caliber (closed for dinner Sunday Through Tuesday).  Once we found our way through the nearly deserted building,we were greeted by the hostess and promptly seated. The dining area seemed poorly designed with little flow through, but the view was excellent (my date commented on the view from the restroom as unbelievable, but considering I'm not going into the ladies room to check it out, I'll just have to believe her). The service was also excellent, the wine selection decent, but maybe a bit pricey, and the food was quite good indeed. First time we went we had the "set" dinner with a fight of wines. I had the NY strip and my date had the Salmon... both were excellent. The second time we ordered ala' carte. I had the scallops and she had the Chicken. Again, well prepared and tasty. We shared the Humus plate, which we both enjoyed immensely. If you like humus and couscous go for it. The only fault I found with the menu was a lack in change. Okay, it was only two weeks between visits, but the set menu choices hadn't changed one bit, and neither had the ala' carte menu. I might be a bit picky, but I like to try different things. The ambiance was nice... fairly quiet without seeming that you're in a library. I will return, but I'll wait a few months and I'll see if the menu choices have changed.This review is for their restaurant week selection. WOW! So good. 4 course meal (plus bread) for $35 each, plus tax and tip. If I had to do it again, I'd choose the Tarte de Legumes, the Saumon, and the Tart Tatin. Also, good-sized portions on everything! Not tiny little fancy portions.
FOOD:
--Delicious little warm rolls, served with an awesome pesto.
--First course is a "creamy truffle wild mushroom soup"...those of us who got it were delighted. It was delicious if not a little weird-looking...Due to allergies, one in our party got a split pea and ham soup and the other a tomato red pepper bisque. Kudos to them for having substitutions (the waiter explained it's their vegetarian option as the mushroom one is no longer vegetarian), and both enjoyed their soups, but I personally didn't really like either of them.
--Appetizer (8 options): We had the Calamars, the Tarte de Legumes, the Tartare, and the Salade Boston. I had the "sustainably-harvested calamari stuffed with house-made provençal sausage, fresh herbs, saffron rice, piperade, jus de legumes"...I don't know why but I was expecting your more usual fried calimari, and I'm not a huge fan of fresh seafood, so I didn't particularly care for it. The other two who had it absolutely loved it though. I also tried the "Tarte de Legumes: roasted eggplant caviar, caramelized onion, and red pepper tart with black olive and goat cheese tapenade, herb sauce, poached Sandy Ridge Farm egg" and WOW was it delicious. The runny yolk, the tapenade was delicious, and the tart was a little mini cookie-but-not-a-cookie kind of phylo dough thing, a nice accompaniment, as was the bit of greens it was served with. The "Tartare: fresh Scottish salmon, mango, basil, capers, black olives, cornichons, tomato, lemon juice, extra virgin olive oil and wonton crisps" was apparently good, but was being eaten by a tartare conoisseur (6/10 on her scale). She said "It had bigger chunks of salmon than a standard tartare, which makes it a little fishier tasting." The salad ("Boston bibb lettuce with crumbled gorgonzola cheese, apple, walnut pralines, and walnut vinaigrette") was well received: a sweet little salad. My only note on the salad is that it's not a real leafy salad. A couple large leafs of lettuce topped with the other stuff. Fancy salad.
--Main course (8 options): We had the lamb (Agneau), steak (Bavette), scallops (Vol au Vent), and salmon (Saumon). The lamb was oh so tender, literally fall-off-the-bone. Even after removing all the fat/skin, there was plenty of meat for a good-sized entree. The mashed potatoes were also awesome. Carrots were fine, but I didn't notice any turnips. My friend had the steak and loved it, although we noted it was rather lukewarm if not on the cold side. She liked her mashed sweet potatoes and the green beans too. I personally, having tried all the dishes, would say this one was the least special, although still good. I think my favorite was the salmon ("Saumon: pistachio and goat cheese-crusted Scottish salmon filet wrapped in phyllo, carrot purée, creamy Swiss chard, light turmeric and cumin sauce"), although I can't say I tasted the goat cheese. It was just delicious salmon in delicious buttery phyllo. And finally, the scallops ("Vol au Vent: butter-poached scallops in puff pastry with creamy Swiss chard and saffron mussel sauce") were delicious as well. The sauce they pour over it (table-side) is a sauce made with cream and the juice that the scallops and mussels cook in. It was heavenly. The scallops aren't literally in the puff pastry. It's a puff pastry in the middle (my friend wished the pastry hadn't been soaked as it got soggy, so maybe ask your waiter to pour around it), with 4 good-sized scallops around it and lots of different little vegetables (I want to say I stole some okra off her plate but I could be completely wrong) that get drowned in the delicious sauce. Yum.
--Dessert (4 options): We tried all except the profiteroles: the St. Tropez Cake ("double-layer valhrona chocolate mousse cake with crème anglaise"), the Tart Tatin ("warmed French caramelized apple tart a la mode"), and the Creme Brulee ("caramelized vanilla bean flan"). The cake was our least favorite by far. The bottom is like a spongy cake, and is not texturally-appealing, although the mousse part on top is good. Would not order it again. The Tart Tatin was delicious, although they were out of ice cream, so we got fresh whipped cream instead. I also wish it had been served a little warmer than it was (it was room temp), but it was just a simple little apple tart. Not too sweet, just simple. And the creme brulee was well executed.
SERVICE:
Our waiter was awesome. Funny and friendly and knew the menu very well. Asked us if we needed anything at a couple points throughout the meal. Water was always filled. My only complaint is the lady who seated us was cloyingly polite, it was annoying.
---------
Great little place!I've been to this restaurant a few times, as well as a beer event they held once. The view is very nice as well, especially at night. The food here is clean, fresh and delicious. I've had the opportunity to meet the owner a couple of times and he is clearly passionate about his craft. Everything is homemade with little touches that really make a difference. The waitstaff has always been friendly and accommodating as well; service is never an issue. It is a little pricey so I tend to go here as a special treat. The only reason I left off one star is because the portions are a bit small and by the time I get home, I'm ready for a snack.Great place for lunch!
It's been many years since my last experience at Bistro St Tropez, so was happy to try it out again for a business lunch. 
While the menu is a tad boring, the dishes were anything but. The salads are bright and crisp, the soups delectable and the ingredients fresh and well presented. 
Vegetarians and vegans could get by there, but have to great a little creative. Nothing on the lunch menu is specifically vegetarian.Wasn't too impressed with their food. Ordered the tuna tartare, which never came out :(. Had the sirloin steak, which wasn't even that good, and it was also overcooked. Fortunately I was with good company, so the food didn't bother me as much. However, I probably won't come back and have the food here again.Duck was amazing! Cooked medium, perfect temperature with just enough fat on it for juicy taste. The lentils and sauce were incredible as well. Great pairing  my boyfriend got the lamb which was just as amazing! Service is top of the line as wellEXTREME FOOD POISONING from the SEAFOOD PAELLA on 1/3/2011
My fiance and I went for lunch and I ordered the soup du jour (seafood chowder) and the seafood paella, a la carte. He ordered mushroom soup and a steak sandwich. We ate a bit of each other's item--everything BUT my paella which he did not touch. I wasn't very hungry and only finished half my soup and a third of my paella. A short while after lunch I felt unwell--nauseous and queasy. This uneasy feeling sat with me for a few hours and I thought I better get some food into my stomach. 
My mistake was finishing the rest of paella from lunch (yes, refrigerated since I returned home). Within three hours of eating I was retching non-stop and continuously and the only thing that came up was the paella--parts and pieces of it clearly identifiable (sorry to be graphic). My vomiting and illness continued for hours until about 2am in the morning when my stomach was empty and I was finally able to fall asleep. I spent the entirety of the next day in recovery with bed rest, yogurt, banana, and porridge as my only meals for the day. 
I regret several things about going to Bistro St. Tropez: 
1. Going and spending good money for unsanitary or ill-prepared food that didn't taste great in the first place. 
2. A whole day of extreme physical sickness and the next day in recovery.
3. Then I regret that I did not feel well enough to visit the doctor to document my illness.
AVOID AVOID AVOID!Located in what was once an old car factory, now a Furniture Mall for Interior Decorators.  The decor is somewhat amusing.  The ambiance was nice despite that someone had to bring their yowling babe (and at 9 PM!) The waiter was nice and sat us away from the squalling babe.  We ate Degustation, which is reasonable compared to many Prix Fix restaurants.  
I ate there with a friend who is a chef. The melon, cucumber and mint soup was a little bitter.  The corn soup was just right.  The pate was curiously bland, needing something.  The Salmon Tartare was good.  The Divers Scallops had a curious bitter under taste.  my friend believes that they were not fresh but had some preservative.  The steak frites was fine, a little bland.  The cheese plate was delicious and the desert was very good.  
Overall, the food was nothing to write home about.  The staff was friendly and polite.  The table of young ladies were a bit much with their cackling.  And is it too much to ask you keep your infants home with a sitter?Atmosphere: 
The restaurant is located in an unusual place: the 4th floor of the Design Center.  The advantage is a great view of the Art Museum and 30th St. Amtrak Station.  The décor is kind of semi-minimalist modern, nothing offensive.
Service: 
Our waiter was near perfect.  He explained the dishes and specials and when the main courses arrived, he explained the smoldering fragrant vegetation, it was from the chef's property near St. Tropez in France.  Water was promptly refilled but he never hovered or made us feel like he was hovering.
Food:  
The food was really excellent.  I had the 3 course dinner which started with Four Mushroom soup. The soup was tasty and had, as I prefer,  pieces of mushroom.  I really hate it when mushroom soup comes out as if it had spent a minute in the blender! My main course was hanger steak with lentils.  This is the only time I had hanger steak that was not even a little tough.  It came with delicious bordelaise sauce.  The lentils were small beans with cubes of meat and a delicious sauce.  My wife had the Rack of Lamb and it came rare as ordered as was my steak.  She pronounced it heavenly. We shared my dessert which was a flake-pastry with vanilla ice cream and strawberries. Yum!
All in all, this was a great night for dining.  We'll surely be back.We enjoyed a dinner for two in a quiet corner of the restaurant with a beautiful view of the river and skyline. We went all out because we had a gift certificate, but the bill would have been delightfully reasonable even without it.
BEV: Champagne
AP: St. Jacques, Champignons
SALAD: Boston, Oysters
ENT: Filet, Dorade
DES: Chocolate cake (melted center), profiterolesMy bf and I decided to try Bistro St. Tropez during restaurant week. We arrived at the building where an attendant sat and directed us how to get to the restaurant, and along with signs was very helpful! We were about 15 minutes early for our reservation but they sat us anyway, although it was not at our designated table since they still had people using it. But they still served us our drinks as we waited. 
Once we sat down at our table, we noticed the windows next to us were pretty fogged up and blurred our view of the river and 30th St Station, the windows in the main room though were perfectly clear. The food was great! Tasted like authentic French cuisine which I was happy with. Our waiter was also very attentive and had great recommendations for what to order.
I think if it had not been restaurant week we probably would have avoided this place since it is fairly expensive, but the food and wine/beer list were worth it!very great find during restaurant week. had a delicious parmesan encrusted chicken breast over wild mushroom risotto. it was kind of hard to get to since its in the marketplace design center, but once you found it there were wonderful views of the Schuylkill river and 30th street station. our server was pleasant and attentive. overall it was a great experience.We were here to celebrate our wedding anniversary. And i have to say We love this place:
(1) the restaurant is amazing, the view by the  river.. 
(2) the food were awesome; we ordered 5 course dinner.. It was way to much food for us.. 
(3) service was great: the owners and chef came out to talk to us.. 
It was an amazing night!!!!I love Restaurant Week! I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a long time, but always heard it was difficult to find so I usually opted for places I knew better, but the RW menu looked great, so I walked over and got there early -- just in case!
So the place is a bit of a schlepp, but it is certainly doable, and eminently worthwhile. It is inside the Marketplace Design Center on 24th and Market. There's lots of nearby parking, and after you get inside the building there are signs every so often to help you get to the restaurant. Go to the elevators near the southwestern area of the building, go up to the 4th floor and then head south again. All the while you're walking you're passing different design stores -- kitchen, bath, rugs, lamps, etc. That's fun, if distracting. I should have left even earlier!  A small corridor opens on to a lovely room with windows along the Schuykill River. I was there in the daytime and it was grand, but I'll bet it's amazing at night.
There is a good selection of wine and beer. I had the frisee salad with lardons and poached egg, and it was delicious. Next was chicken breast with mushroom risotto. The chicken was moist and the risotto was really great, some of the best I've ever had. For dessert small profiteroles, cream puffs with an ice cream filling and chocolate sauce. It was fantastic.
All in all the food, the view, the service -- everything was great -- though the paper tablecloth toppers and paper napkins detracted from the upscale feel of the room.
I'm really glad I finally found Bistro St. Tropez. I will definitely be back.Bistro St. Tropez is located in the Marketplace Design Center.  It doesn't take much effort to find it and my partner and I had too much fun walking through the building ogling the various design spaces and giggling at a few, especially the one with the sheep in the window (probably long gone).  The restaurant is located on the top floor.
I give two stars for the staff, decor and view.  Things that were actually very good.  So, kudos on getting that right.
The staff was extremely friendly.  Our server had a great sense of humor.  The chef was nice enough. The maitre d' was very accommodating and we had a nice little view even though all of the window seating was taken. Service was on the ball.
I wish I could give the food zero stars.  Why?  Though it was presented nicely I could tell just by looking at the potatoes that they'd been living under a heat lamp for a while.  When I tasted them they were bland and had the magical heat lamp taste to go with the bland.  The fish was not much better as it was severely under-spiced.  My green veggie was bleh. Boiling in water alone does not make for yummy green veggie.  Steaming this portion of the meal and tossing in something to give it a bit extra would have been good but no dice.
The cocktail? I was presented with a martini made with sweet vermouth.  I had the server return it and asked her to have the bartender make it with dry vermouth.  Really? A bartender who doesn't know how to make a classic martini?  I did not make a huge stink, just asked it be done correctly.  The bartender did come to our table later and apologize, without any prompting from me, which I appreciated.  I turned him on to Mr. Boston's, every bartender's bible.
The prices are over the top for what you get.  I could have made the same bland meal at home for 1/10 of the price we paid for our meals here.  Really, if you're going to charge first rate prices prepare first rate food and make sure your bartender has an "old man drink" cheat sheet.  Oh and, heat lamps are evil!  
I don't even remember what my parter had and neither does he. Yeah, that memorable.
I won't go again unless something changes.  That something would be ditching the heat lamps and give the food some "zing."We went there for July 4th dinner. The menu was fixed (and SERIOUSLY overpriced). We went there basically because we wanted a nice view of the fireworks. I might return when they are not on one of those "special days", though.This is not eating out, this is a dining experience.  Rich French cuisine that will make you happy you skipped lunch to enjoy each morsel to the fullest.
Parking is plentiful around the design center and once you arrive at the Bistro, you could be overlooking the Seine and not the Schuykill.
Service was friendly, present, timely, and on point in every way.  Drinks were strong, food was decadent with a great variety.  Everything is made fresh so almost any dietary restriction can be honored (as I overheard a waiter say).
The small bread balls were hot and fresh, through the escargot with cream and mushrooms and the fresh salad with beet and pickle chunks next to a sublime pork belly as an appetizer.  Everything on each plate was cooked to perfection in texture and flavor.
It will definitely be a special place to go versus a regular hangout.  But if you're tired of fighting traffic, crowds, and noise and want to treat yourself to a memorable pleasureable night out, this is definitely the way to go.It's just OK.  And I always forget it's there - but I have a friend who works in the design center - so we had soup 'n salad there for lunch.
Oh - and now they charge for bread.
Food is OK, Service is OK.  Not super and not awful  Just middling.
Oh well.Steak was perfect and the sweet potato, pear and onion purée was delicious. That basil pesto is awesome on those petite warm rolls. Perfect size plates. I hate the food overkill restaurants do. The dishes were perfectly seasoned so no need for salt and pepper on any table. I was pleasantly full. Not stuffed. Pleasantly full.I visit Bistro St. Tropez on a Sunday for lunch during restaurant week last fall. 
As other reviewers have mentioned, the location is very strange. When you walk in to what is in essence a giant furniture show room it may feel as if you have been transported to a post-apocalyptic world where zombies may or may not suddenly swarm out. That is to say, most of the lights were off when I entered and an eerie background music played softly. And not a person to be seen. 
But don't be afraid! Once you step off the elevator you'll begin to hear the pleasant clattering of plates and chattering of people. 
The food at the Bistro was delicious. I've been to France a few times and I would put the food on par with what I experienced there. In fact, a large percentage of the guests in the restaurant were speaking French. 
I had the pate appetizer which was delicious. Following I had the chicken and risotto which was fantastic and in large enough portion that I had to take some home for my (lucky) husband to finish off. 
One of my companions has a gluten allergy and even though we were there with the restaurant week menu, they were very accommodating with substitutions and alterations for her meal. 
The view is spectacular out over the river, and they looked like they had a nice private dining area for special events (I think there was a baby shower going on the day we were there). 
It is definitely worth a return visit!We had a surprisingly good time at Bistro St. Tropez - I had not been for a few years and vaguely remembered it being decent but not especially memorable.  We trudged our way through the design center, merrily window shopping along the way and arrived on the top floor where this restaurant is located.
The wait staff went in a few directions  - most of them were very efficient, quietly removing plates and refilling water in a formal manner, keeping their eyes downcast as if someone in the kitchen was waiting to hit them with a giant baguette if they dared to look a customer in the eye.  Our main waitress Emma was a delight- charming and funny and she really added to our enjoyment of the meal.
The décor seems to go in a few directions as well - part of the dining room is on the formal side with upholstered chairs, another section has fun, modish red chairs and various colored spot lights -  I guess trying to create the South of France look.  Another area has barstools up against a shelf that look out to the city and hubby mentioned it might be nice to sit there and have a drink and I agreed.   There is a great view from the restaurant, maybe not the best angle to view the city from but it's nice to look out at all the sparklling lights.
We went for the "Degustation Menu" of three courses for $28 which included a Starter, Main Course and Dessert.    I started with a glass of Provencal rosé and was happy to discover it actually tasted like the rosés commonly served in Provence - dry and earthy with flecks of sunshine in it. 
 Hubbies chilled cucumber melon soup had a surprising but delicious tomato base and was a sort of tasty gourmet gazpacho with chunky veggies. My roasted corn soup was very nice- smooth and creamy with a little sweetness from the apple and just a hint of smoke.  A basket of fresh rolls with an enjoyable pesto/olive oil dip was served with the soup.
Our entrees were mostly excellent - his scallops were perfectly cooked, sweet and nicely seared and he loved the eggplant "caviar" served along with it.  Though I couldn't taste the "pistachio goat cheese crust" that was described on the menu my salmon and asparagus wrapped in phyllo was juicy and rich and very good.  The ratatouille served with it was excellent; the grayish cauliflower puree was not since it was rather unappetizing, both visually and gustatorily (is that a word??).
I choose the profiteroles for dessert and hubby had the praline mousse with a roasted peach.  The choux pastry puffs filled with vanilla ice cream and drizzled with a thick chocolate sauce were good but honestly I like the way I make them better, these were a bit dry (whereas the ones I make are buttery and tender - no doubt mine are the incorrect way though!).   His dessert was brought out with a smoking lavender frond to flavor the peach and it did that splendidly - the mousse was rich and wonderful.  
Between the wait staff, the décor etc I just had the sense that the restaurant has a bit of an identity crisis - is it formal or fun?  Paris or the Mediterranean coast in summer?  Their menu and service comes across as "Fine Dining" yet they have a wine club (buy 10 bottles, get one free) on their website - hmmm, I don't know.
I do know we had a great night out - the three course menu was a good value and liquor was reasonable as well.   It was nice to eat lovely food while looking out to the city lights.My husband and I took my mom here for the Mother's Day Brunch today and had a really lovely time. 
The location is a bit unusual, as other reviews have stated, but it certainly shouldn't keep you away. We parked in the lot at the corner of 23rd and Market and realized while walking to the restaurant that we could've gotten a spot on the street fairly easily, but were happy for the convenience of the lot.
The restaurant itself was lovely. We were greeted with jazz music, a smile and were seated in an area surrounded by windows which gave the feeling of dining al fresco. The beautiful weather only enhanced the effect. 
We were impressed with the flavor of the in house fresh squeezed orange juice in the mimosas and my sister loved the Bisou Bisou cocktail.
It did take a bit longer than expected for our server to bring our bread basket, my sister actually had to ask for it, but once it arrived, the delicious house made strawberry apricot jam swept the wait from our minds. 
I have had a tendency to order that which is familiar with a reluctance to trying new things. This year, I decided to make a concerted effort to change that and Bistro St. Tropez truly rewarded those efforts. 
I ordered the lobster goat cheese tart with roasted red peppers, caramelized onions and micro greens for my starter. This... was the best thing I ate today and quite possibly the best thing I have eaten... ever. 
My entrée was lemon ricotta pancakes with lemon curd, Creme Anglaise and fresh berries. These were a bit of a letdown if I'm being honest. I was expecting a lighter fluffier pancake and these were quite dense. In hindsight, I should have gone with the pain perdu, but I was concerned about the amount of sugar. 
I closed out the meal with the crepes, strawberries and Nutella for dessert which was to die for. Warm, delicate and delicious, these met my every expectation of what they would be.
A word to the wise, do not expect to be in and out. I think the American way of eating out has become so much about turning tables and this was NOT that. Our reservation was for 11:30 and we didn't tuck into our entrées until about 1pm. 
I found this pace to be quite a refreshing change. It was nice to have time to really taste the food, have drinks and talk without a new plate of food being shoved in front of you every 10 minutes. 
For $48 a person, you really couldn't go wrong. Great atmosphere, great food... great time.Me and my friends visited this place this weekend past and we were simply smitten by BST!  The view is great (especially for only the 4th floor) and the food is fantastic.  I love how they take the French culinary philosophy and mix it up so Philly folks can interpret it...(I assure you that many Americans simply do not, and never will understand true French food) and enjoy it.  We were VERY happy with the "essence of Mary" cocktail.  Fantastic and well worth it for the price!Overall, I'd have to say that this was a good eating experience, but seems a bit past it's prime.  I went here for restaurant week, and other than it's strange location, it got off to a good start and we were seated right away.  The decor might have been cool years ago, but the metal and neon lights were not relevant at all to the food or the setting. We asked the waitress for her suggestions, but she just said everything was good, even when asked to compare specific dishes (I like when the staff has had the food, and can give an opinion).  The couple cocktails I tried were good.
Meal started off with the mushroom soup and the escargot, both were really good and I liked that the escargot was served with mushrooms, it was a nice pairing.  I would recommend either dish depending on tastes. The bread and oil that was served with this course was very good, we got a second helping.
The main course was where the meal started to lose me a bit.  We had the duck and the scallops.  The duck was a bit on the dry side for me and the fat was not rendered enough, the lentils that it was served with were good, but not notable.  The scallops, while few, were good, but could have been seared a bit more, the farro ragout was not my favorite.
Had to wait a long time for the dessert, seems like a bunch of the chefs friends had arrived to stand at the awkward bar and he was out with them for 20 or 30 minutes.  The creme brulee was tasty, but easily the thinnest (height wise) one that I have ever had, the custard layer was just a bit thicker than the sugar layer...disappointing.  The St. Tropex Cake was okay, but certainly not a cake, definitely a mousse.
Good enough meal, but I wouldn't choose to return.I came here with a few friends during restaurant week. I had heard great things and expected something fantastic, but was a little disappointed. Some dishes were great - but the majority were just okay. Not was I was expecting. The Poulet was the best dish of the night! Amazing! The Creme Brule was also good, but I would hope so for a traditional restaurant! Everything else was decent, but definitely didn't live up to the hype.I really enjoyed my dinner at Bistro St. Tropez. The bread and pesto are fabulous. Amazing and perfectly cooked filet mignon, very nice calmars starter, delicious dessert (puff pastry, real vanilla bean ice cream, creme anglaise and strawberries). Awesome cocktails. The only thing I didn't love was the salmon en croute. It was good, but less delicious than everything else. Also, I thought the prices were really reasonable 1 appetizer, two entrees, 1 dessert, 2 cocktails and 2 glasses of wine for $100 was a fair deal for a nicer restaurant. The location is a bit unusual, but the view is really nice. The service was good, but could've been a bit more attentive with water refills and drink orders if I had to make one small suggestion. Also, did not check in to see how/if we were enjoying the meal.
Definitely give this place a chance if you like French cuisine.Dined here last night for restaurant week, so let's not dwell on preset price value and go straight for each dish...
Truffled mushroom soup - small bowl of deliciousness. Between this and the pesto, the bread didn't last long.
Escargot - paired well with the mushrooms in a sauce that, had it not been in view of other people, might have been drank to the finish.
Calamars - parts with more char were better than other parts, which were too chewy and lacked texture variety.
Dorade - great crust, good seasoning, and goat cheese added a nice creaminess.
Bavette - chef suggested medium rare, though came out looking rare - still delicious with the herb butter! I want to know how they made the sweet potato purée.
Tart tatin - tasted like home apple pie that cuts like butter
Profiteroles - ice cream sundae, nothing mind blowing but still a nice endWe went here during restaurant week, thanks to my weakness for French food. Was happy to find out they were BYO friendly.
Location was definitely very cool, although a bit weird to walk through all the retail space when the stores were closed.
The evening started with our fantastic server Matthew, very charismatic and knowledgeable. Next was the amuse bouche, a truffled mushroom soup, which was divine...except for the piece of glass in one of the party's serving, much to our dismay. When Matthew was alerted go the issue, he immediately apologized and gave her a drink on the house.
The escargot and salmon appetizers were excellent. They neglected to pull our plates prior to the main course, causing a delay in arrival  (and thus slightly cold entrées). The duck and lamb entrées were delicious, cooked perfectly. For dessert we enjoyed the apple tartin (very good) and proftieroles (decent).
Great ambiance, great server, decent food. The food service was just good, which I attribute to the kitchen, not our waiter. Likely not somewhere I'd go again, now that I've been. Spring Mill Café in Conshohocken definitely surpasses Bistro St Tropez for my French food cravings.Solid French-American fusion restaurant with a great view. It's tucked away inside a furniture building --- walk through, follow the signs, then up the elevator. 
Escargot, Tartare, Steak, Chicken, and Scallops are all good choices. 
Don't let the location deter you.French food usually equals high price and small portions. Also, it may include eccentric food choices. I am an average foodie, I'm sort of picky but a little eclectic compared to others. Given that information, I would say this place has big portions, decent prices and not so eccentric compared to other french faires. I would recommend this place to all foodies and to others. Everything that I have ventured to try, has been really good. Believe it or not, I always have a doggie bag to go home with me, which as aforementioned is not typical with other french restaurants.The place is hit or miss.
I have dined here three times, and given the incredible view over the river, have wanted to come back with my girlfriend recently. However, the last 2 times I was there, the service was below average. 
The food however always seems to be good. I went on Valentine's Day one year and enjoyed the tasting menu.
The biggest thing that is of concern is just the attitudes I have experienced with their service staff.
I'll most likely be back and DEFINITELY request a window seat, but here's to hoping the servers aren't miserable.Go figure that Bry takes my "go to" plan and order the pork and doesn't enjoy it.
I get a steak and might leave her for it.  This place had a smaller menu than I would have liked, but for the most part (just counting her "bad" pork, I liked it)  the food was great.  Good cocktail selection, nice wine selection, GREAT atmosphere.   Fun space tucked up on the Fourth Floor of a nondescript building near 30th St. Station.   Great views of the water with no competition for seats with a view.     Veeeeeery tasty desserts as well.   I could have had 10.It was a great experience eating here. The gazpacho was just the right amount of spicy, the salmon appetizer was light and flavorful, for the main course I had duck, it was the best duck I ever had, and for dessert I had the creme brûlée unlike any other.  The staff was also incredibly friendly and knowledgable. Thanks Matthew! I strongly suggest this place for those looking for a great French restaurant in Philly.It's hard to get past the awful service. Was there on a business lunch and it took two hours - and we had NO additional requests! There was no explanation offered, nor was the place busy. I was there on 4/1 at 12:30. The waiter was difficult, although ultimately accommodating, on substitutions - this mars the experience. The food did not justify the above. I had the Bel Mer seafood salad - it was tasteless;' both the seafood itself and the salad, which was like a Ruby Tuesday or Appleby's salad bar in terms of greens. My friend had the cold salmon salad which was only marginally better. Very nice  views but beyond that there is absolutely nothing to commend this place.The food here was absolutely delicious.  All six of us ordered from the prix fixe menu.  It was disappointing to some of us, but in the end the prix fixe menu was a good choice.  Those of us who had the soup were disappointed because it came out cold.  We envied those who had the house salad (the appetizer on the menu was no longer available).  The scallops were served with a julienned beet and carrot salad with hidden gems of mussels.  The chicken risotto was a good sized portion.  The dessert, profiteroles with vanilla ice cream, was just the right portion.
The service was very, very slow, with the exception of the on-the-ball bus person.  When we first arrived, we had only one menu among us.  The server told us more were being printed and she would get them for us right away.  About ten minutes later, another server asked us for our order, and we asked him for menus.  Once we had the menus and began to order, the server notified us that they no longer allow tables to mix prix fixe with the standard menu orders, so we had to look over the menu and decide among us which we would order.  It would have been good to know this when we sat down.  We brought our own wine, and both the first and second servers told us they would place the bottles on ice for us.  It never happened.  After our dessert, we ordered coffee.  Five or so minutes later yet a third server asked us if we would like coffee or tea.  Luckily, the bus person who was the night's standout of efficiency and speed, was already there with the coffee.  
The music was so loud, that it was difficult for us to hear one another.  We thought about asking someone to turn it down, but between the musical chairs of servers and the bad service, we decided to forget it.I brought my parents there for the culminating evening of their four-day visit.  I had heard from a trusted friend that this place was worth the price.  I must agree, for the most part.  The service is excellent.  My mother got the striped bass, which was perfectly cooked.  Her friend got risotto topped with chicken cutlet.  It was simple, rich, and delicious.   I started with a Boston salad, which I must say was not worth the $9 they charge.  It was quite tasty, but I can take Boston lettuce out of a box and arrange with some apples, Gorgonzola, and candied walnuts.  Part of that is my fault though.  I should have thought for a moment about how that salad was not special from the description.  For the main course, I had lobster tail and fresh scallops and muscles served with some cooked greens on top of a flaky pastry.  It was so rich and so good.  Overall, this place is a bit pricy, but the food for the most part matches the price.  I just am not someone that eats at such establishments on a regular basis.Mediocre at best. Food overall was very bland. Restaurant week is a tough judge, but the food wasn't anything special so I can't see it being much better outside of restaurant week. Definitely a cool view when they open up the shades, but other than that not really worth mentioning.I came here for a friend's wedding banquet a while back. This is a great place to host large parties, but it can be difficult to find. It's located inside a furniture gallery, on one of the higher floors. Locating the elevators was an issue and slightly scary, since all the stores were closed at night.
The food itself was not bad. The set was $60 / person. This may have included venue fees as well as 1-2 drinks / person. I chose the set with salad (not too memorable), scallops w/ risotto (really good!!), and a chocolate mousse dome dessert (too heavy / rich).
Since I already had dinner before coming, I only ate the salad and dessert, and took the scallop and risotto home. But even reheated in a toaster over the scallop was delicious! It is easy to overcook scallops, so I usually enjoy them at restaurants. My only problem with the scallop dish is that the sizes are sooo unequal between dishes. I got lucky and got two really large pieces. Other people had 2 scallops which equalled the size of one of mine... I know scallops cannot be perfectly identical in size, but that variation is just wayyy too big, must be statistically significant. I felt really bad for them. They should really only pay half the price, but I guess you wouldn't know if you had nothing to compare to!
Overall, ok food, but inconvenient location.Ummmm..
That's how I'd begin to explain "how this restaurant was" to friends that ask, followed by a long pause.
A groupon deal came out for Bistro St. Tropez, and after checking it out online I decided to purchase it.
Had a dinner and a movie date planned out, so I arrived at the restaurant around 6:30pm.
First thing that put me off was the location of this place. It's located in this big commercial building on one of the top floors. I saw the sign of the restaurant upon exiting the elevator. Followed it, then all I saw was an outdoor looking patio, except it wasn't outdoors, it was situated on carpet. It's exterior felt like a mall cafe and so extremely out of place.
We were approaching the restaurant with another really dressed up couple who signed up for the groupon deal, and we stood awkwardly staring and saying "uh... is this... it?".
Finally someone came to get us (ha!) and it turned out to be a really cute and cozy place inside! 
Our waiter was extremely nice, funny and on point about everything. Service was absolutely excellent.
We went along with the three course meal. You have the option of choosing your appetizer, entree, and desert.
The bread rolls they give out while you wait for your food came with an amazing fresh pesto sauce.
My downfall from this pleased mood started when I picked the smoked corn soup to start. It tasted like pureed baby food. I'm not sure if any other yelpers out there felt this way towards it, but my date felt the same way. 
For my entree, I had the salmon with pesto, wrapped in phyllo. I am a HUGE fan of phyllo, so this really got 5 stars for me. Cooked fabulously and was sitting under a butter sauce and paired with asparagus, which happens to be my favorite vegetable!
My date had the steak and frites, and it came in a big portion! Didn't expect it, only because upscale restaurants tend to downsize portions then charge the sh*t out of your meal. The meat was tender, juicy, and PERFECTLY cooked.
For my desert course, I picked the baked peach in lavender sauce, with what seemed like a hazelnut gelato on the side. I should have steered clear when I read lavender sauce. It tasted just like what it was... peach soaked in lavender. I'm not sure I enjoyed the taste of a flower, but if you do then go for it!
My date got the creme brulee, which was excellent. Some restaurants tend to butcher creme brulee, but Bistro St. Tropez did it justice- top was carmelized to perfection.
Overall, I would suggest the steak and frites entree, as well as the salmon with pesto wrapped in phyllo. 
I'd also suggest to skip out on the course deal and order a la carte, that way you can avoid the baby food soup and flower tasting peach.Diamond in the rough, restaurant in the furniture showroom...
The friendly waitstaff took good care of us and were flexible when part of our party canceled at the last minute. Everything we tried was good; including the Saumon (salmon), Canard (duck), and Bavette (hanger steak). Definitely come at least for a drink and the impressive view of the river and West Philly, but also give the food a try!Came on a Thursday.  I'd give the space an A+ - very cool, nice view, romantic, great music.  However, the service was terrible.  Only three tables and I had to flag down another waiter for a drink refill.  No bread offered, and the bread that was offered was not fresh.  Food was, meh.  Maybe the meat dishes are better, but the calamare was mediocre, the risotto ok, the salmon tartare -- well, that was good.My wife & I celebrated our 32nd wedding anniversary @ Bistro St. Tropez. The reason we decided to go there was due to a recommendation from a friend. We were not disappointed in any way! Parking was not a problem, we were fortunate to park on Market Street in front of the establishment. The restaurant is located on the 4th floor of a high end furniture showroom. As we approached the entrance to the restaurant you can actually see inside of the kitchen area. It looked well organized and extremely clean. We were met at the door and escorted to our table by a friendly host. The table had a spectacular view overlooking 30th Street Station, the Market Street Bridge & the Art Museum in the horizon. I was informed that this location is an excellent place to watch fireworks on the 4th of July. Our waiter (Matthew) treated us like rock stars. He was accommodating, provided us with detailed descriptions of the various entrees. The wine he paired with our meal was perfect.  The French rolls with pesto are amazing. The escargot are orgasmic in flavor!  We had the following entrees: Coquille ( pan seared scallops), Canard ( pan seared duck breast)  & Truite ( oven roasted rainbow trout). Everything was cooked to perfection! The food was phenomenal. Kudos to Chef Patrice for stopping by our table, making us feel like VIP's  He also gave us a complimentary glass of champagne, raised his glass and gave us an anniversary toast. I also inquired about having an event @ Bistro San Tropez in the not so distant future. I was introduced to a beautiful young lady by the name of Kristine, I will definitely be in touch with her. We had a wonderful experience, the food & staff are incredible. A beautiful restaurant with a great view. This place is a hidden treasure!!!Love this place!  Have been in here probably 5-6 times over ten years or so, and haven't had a bad meal.  The most recent one, this past weekend, was no exception.  The menu offers a lot of choices, many I could have selected.  Went with the pate to start, delish!  Had the salmon enrobed in a  pistachio, goat cheese layer within papillote as my entree.  Came with a delicious currey sauce.  When it arrived at the table, I should have taken a photo. So beautiful!  A French bordeaux wine was a great accompaniment.  Hightly recommend this spot!So I tried Bistro St. Tropez with two other friends during restaurant week and it was AMAZING! I loved my meal and plan to go back for sure.
For starters we each recieved a cucumber gazpacho which was better than I expected. For the appetizer I got their escargot which was my first time trying it and I was satisfied. 
Now the main course, I had Saumon (Pistachio and goat cheese-crusted scottish salmon filet wrapped in phyllo, carrot mousse, piperade, curry sauce) which was SOO GOOD and the BEST curry sauce I have ever had...Ive gotten curry in London plenty of times (which is known to have the best indian cuisine) and I would eat this dish at Bistro St. Tropez over anywhere else. GET IT!
and finally for dessert I had Tart Tatin (Warmed French caramelized apple tart a la mode) it was amazing, perfect way to end the meal. I also had a glass of prosecco with the meal as well and of course water. 
The service was great, we showed up a bit late for our reservations and were seated right away. Our waitress accommodated us perfectly as well, giving us suggestions and offering her opinion on what we should order etc.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Bistro St. Tropez and I can't wait to go back and take other friends and family members here.I was part of a large group (there were over 100 of us) as it was a dinner party that my husband's boss hosted and paid for.  Everything was lovely. The cocktails, the service, the food and the pretty view of schulykil river and it's surrounding area.
Not sure what this restaurant is like in a regular dining setting, but it was en point in my experience there.My job had our luncheon at this Restaurant. The look of the place is very elegant and the view of city is absolutely stunning. I order the Haiti- Blacken Chicken Breast wrap. It was very good!!! I didn't enjoy the side salad but but the wrap more than made up for it!!!
The service is where this place lost stars for me. We made reservations in advance and the wait time was too long. It appeared to be one server taking care of the entire restaurant. Our table alone was a table for 10 and the room was pretty packed. The waitress gave us attitude when we all weren't exactly ready to order.  When we are ready to order, instead of walking to the other side of the table to get their order... she is screaming. She was literally attempting to talk over the side conversations at the table as well as the conversations taking place around us. I would have preferred if she just would have walk to the other side of the table.  We all enjoyed the meal, but once we were finished we waited an extremely long time for the waitress to come check on us and take our dessert orders. 
When it came for desserts we all order cappuccinos and a snack. With a attitude the server informed us that our cappuccinos were going to take a long time. We had already waited a long amount of time for her to just take our order, we weren't up for waiting even longer. So we settled for plain coffee. 
The only time this waitress smiled was when we requested to have our check. 
I was pleased with the food, but the service makes me question coming back a second time. Although my experience with the server was unpleasant the hostess was cheerful and accommodating, especially when it was time for us to all get our coats out of the coat check area.I went to Bistro St. Tropez for restaurant week and unlike many restaurant week aficionados, I eat out quite often and take restaurant week as a great way to try places I haven't been to yet. After a really positive experience at Del Frisco's, I was really looking forward to a great evening but it wasn't. My sea bass was extremely small and it said it came with potatoes but brought vegetables instead. The desserts were lackluster and the appetizers were fine. I honestly thought the decor was bizarre! You can see its neon light sign from the inside and it's all like metal but it looks like a cozy italian restaurant on the other side. It's quite bizarre and hidden inside the design center. 
Not terrible, just not worth your $35!It's a mediocre restaurant and I would never go back. Decor is so cheap - we felt that we are having dinner at a random cheap Chinese restaurant in Chinatown in Hawaii... They claim that they are a bistro restaurant but for those who have actually eaten bistro before in your life, you will know this is not bistro by any means. People who work there are nice. We left our credit card there and they called us to let us know that they have it, however, somehow they lost it.... If you want to have good french or bistro, there are tons of restaurants in the center city which are much better than this place.Not worth the price. Dinner was $155 for 2 people. Food was ok, but hardly any traditional dishes, and the dishes they served did not impress me. Could be a good spot for a standard dinner outing but never again for a holiday dinner.When I was younger, I Lost $50 to a grifter in a game of full card monty.  That was money better spent than on this restaurant. Ignoring the bizarre walk through a closed mall to reach the restaurant, the 1980s hip decore (including a blinking neon palm tree), and the fact that the view of 30th St. station was obscured by steamed-over windows, the food was a bland and mildly nauseating affair.  This was during restaurant week-4 courses for $35.
The first course was soup du jour. The best comment to be mustered about this soup by my date was that it was that the soup must be to cleanse the palate. Starting a  theme, one potato in my soup had not been thoroughly microwaved, and was cold in the center.
For hor d'oeuvres, my date had escargot and I the duck confit.  Having traveled to the French Riveria, and this being a French bistro, I presumed that the food might be of a similar brand.  I was mistaken.  The escargot was served in a thick and flavorless broth; the snails themselves were chewy, tasteless, and likely from a can.  The duck was not a thigh of duck (as I have always before seen confit served), but rather diced pieces which resembled  tuna from a can, and with which the duck shared a similar flavor.
For an entree, my date had the lamb and I the bass.  Again failing to set the microwave timer properly, my date's lamb was cold in spots, warm in others, and in no places hot.  The meal had an appearance similar to a BBQ, except without the deliciousness of one.  It is unclear as to whether the lamb bone was actually a part of the meat, or was merely stabbed into the meat for pure presentation as an afterthought.  As for the bass, I am not convinced that it was bass at all-this was a very light, white, and flaky fish; it if was bass, I have never eaten this part of a bass before.  My guess would be monkfish.  It was coated in an olive paste that was clearly not fresh-made. It is noteworthy that no ingredients were fresh, and were all of the cheapest quality.This place is an excellent date spot or a great place to go with a group. The restaurant's style is pretty industrial, and it has a great view. The food was incredible. We went during Philly Restaurant Week, so we had the opportunity to try many items from the menu. Everything was perfect. Matthew was our server, and he was excellent -- friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about the food and drinks. A++ all around.My boyfriend and I had an awesome meal randomly one Saturday evening. We went in not knowing what to expect but absolutely loved the experience and will most definitely go back. 
We both got the 5-course tasting menu and chose the hanger steak as our entree. The steaks were cooked perfectly by our request and were  a huge portion. I loved the lamb and vegetable soup and the salmon tartare was amazing. We ended up taking our dessert to go because we were so full. 
Staff was courteous and knowledgable and all seemed to help each other out so we never had to wait for another drink, etc. 
Definitely give it a try.quite possibly the  worst food we have had in a very long time. steak was cooked poorly, salmon was actually salmon cake and it was sour. just really awful meal. It's almost funny how much each item costs.We went there for restaurant week and had the lunch menu.  As other reviews mention, the decor is a bit strange.  It is located in what is basically a mall for furniture and the restaurant actually has an "outdoor" seating area in the mall area.  The place is fairly casual overall inside as well.
The food was pretty good but not great.  The Tartare and Hummus were very good.  The main dishes were ok.  The Salmon was interesting and different but I probably would get something else the next time.  The risotto was very good (if you like mushrooms), but the chicken was just ok.  The profiteroles were typical but very good.  The sangria was a bit wine heavy and it seemed like cheap wine to me.  I probably wouldn't get the sangria the next time, but you never know if it was there best showing.
Overall, I would say that the food was good, the decor was strange and the prices were probably a bit on the high side.  I would probably go with a 3.5 if I could.  There sandwiches sounded good and I would like to give them a shot later.  They are opening a cafe on the first floor which may be a simpler way to give them a shot.
Here are the items that we tried:
Tartare de Saumon
Atlantic salmon with avocado, mango, tomato, kalamata olives, capers, extra virgin olive oil, fresh lemon juice and basil
Hummus
chickpea hummus, roasted peppers, carrots, beets, zucchini, and grilled pita
Saumon
pistachio and goat cheese-crusted Atlantic salmon filet wrapped in phyllo with cauilfower purée, stuffed zucchini, curry sauce
Poulet
parmesan-crusted chicken breast with wild mushroom risotto, truffle oil, shaved parmesan
PorfiterolesGood luck finding this place!  You really need to know where you're going or you'll think you're just walking into a construction site. Once you get to the 4th floor though you'll have a spectacular view of the river and 30th street. 
Food wise, I was there for a party so we just had cheese and appetizers, but overall they were solid. Good craft beer list too. 
Worth checking out! (Although I hear they are closing in February?)We came in for restaurant week two weeks ago. The food was rather disappointing. We had lamb shank and steak frites as entrees. I am not a big fan of lamb shank. Therefore, my review might be bias so I wont comment anything on the lamb. But the steak frites were plain. The steak was well cooked as i liked it to be medium rare. Too bad the steak had little to no taste. 
However, the service was great. Our waiter was polite and nice. He got my order of steak frites mistaken at first with chicken. When the chicken breast came out, he immediately reordered the steak again.It was OK. The steak tasted good though the portions were a little small for the price. And the service was slightly slow even though they weren't that busy. The pesto olive oil and bread at the beginning were great. Location is in a very strange furniture place.Not great.  Went with a deal (should have been my first clue).  The location is very odd but could be pretty cool.  Mostly the decor feels stiff.  It was a bit off to walk through a 90% empty restaurant.  
The good was well, heavy and not good.  I have no problem indulging in steak, potatoes etc. but this was too much.  Steak shouldn't be smothered in sauce if it is good.  I think everything had cream on it or cooked in, a cheap way to make something more desirable.  Servings were very large.
The service was so exceptionally over the top we couldn't help but giggle at first, and then found it to be just odd.  The server kept mispronouncing words and then switching back and forth between French and English.  As a French speaker, this was not all too impressive or cute.  To my surprise, other guests seemed to be loving the act, so perhaps it was just us.  He certainly was attentive and helpful.
This place is giving out promotions left and right, a clear indication to me it on the way out."Caveat emptor" the ancient Roman proverb goes, "let the buyer beware." Restaurant week: while clearly, the diner is not going to experience the finest of any kitchen's presentations, one would hope to have at least a sampling that hints at greater glories. When I read the online menu for Bistro St. Tropez  the selections took me back to my student days in France. Among the appetizers, the country chicken liver paté awakened a long asleep taste from the corner charcuterie of some forty years ago. Then, shining out in the list of main courses, cassoulet with chicken, sausage and pork. I anticipated a revisit to my youth. 
Our reservations were for a Sunday afternoon. Parking at 24th and Market was simple kiosk with a place directly out front. The entrance to Bistro St. Tropez offers a pleasant meander past various home design boutiques. The restaurant, sequestered on the fourth floor, opens windows to the river, the Art Museum and 30th Street Station. I imagine it quite lovely at night. The room was not crowded. We had a window side table. At first glance Bistro St. Tropez appears to be white linen service.  Then, when seated, the paper veil that is the metaphor for this restaurant is all too clear. Your hands do not rest on linen but on a dense white oil paper that prevents any spills from seeping into the cloth below. Then you notice your silverware. It is wrapped in a paper napkin worthy of a lunch truck.  The knives and forks  released from their paper bindings are diner dish washer spotted. There were no glasses on the table and no bread dishes.  When water arrived it was only after we declined other drinks. One of the glasses had a very discernible foreign object floating with the ice. I said nothing and simply removed it. 
The menus arrived: one menu for the regular lunch and one for the restaurant week prix fixe.  The regular menu was nothing short of commonplace. The restaurant week menu held me in check. The two dishes I had longed for, the two dishes that decided me on Bistro St. Tropez, were not listed. There was no paté and there was no cassoulet.  To check myself I immediately consulted the online menu through my IPhone. I pointed this out to the staff and they, clearly somewhat embarrassed noted that other patrons had the same question.  In the old days, this technique was called "bait and switch" and was the game of less than reputable establishments. 
There was something of a wait. Not terribly long but long enough to be noticeable. Neither of the first courses made anything of an impression. The soup was not only uninspired visually but made no taste impression whatsoever. Yes, it was mushroom soup, but it was dead cold. We asked to have it reheated. The salad was less than you would find at the mall. The unbroken head of Boston bib was saved only by the very tiny bits of blue cheese. The dressing was something unmemorable. I should note that by this time, we still had no bread on the table. We had to ask for it. Then too, even when the bread came, we had no bread dishes. 
The main courses arrived. The salmon portion, somewhat small, was dwarfed by the garish spread of orange squash. The orange squash smeared across the dish was tinged dark at its crests, marks that suggest reheating. The crispy phyllo concealed an ever so small overdone salmon. Salmon may be a question of taste, but I like mine pink and creamy. The salmon was not bad but it was certainly not an experience. I can say little more for the parmesan crusted chicken with mushroom risotto.  Once again, it was not bad, but I didn't come here for average. I could have found either of these two dishes better prepared at any Main Line quality take out shop, especially at Carlino's in Ardmore.  
Dessert, "profiteroles" was my last hope for a Parisian reminiscence. Once again, hope fluttered away with the first taste. The choux pastry was soft and leathery, an indication of a freeze and thaw. The chocolate, however, was indeed a memory from the past, a spoon lick of Hershey's syrup: not necessarily a memory to be cherished.
I think the lack of care and attention to the food and to simple details can be summed up at the conclusion of our lunch. When they brought us the bill, the wallet contained a somewhat wrinkled and worn little flyer advertising Christmas Eve Dinner. To open the bill wallet to such a discovery sends out something of a minor shock, like a raspberry seed in a tooth cavity. To find that wrinkled and outdated advertisement in the bill wallet sends a number of telling messages. Did anyone take the time to look at what they were presenting to the table? How long has it been since anyone took the time to check the bill wallets? Did they check this detail any more than the floating debris in the water, the missing bread plates and the castrated menu?  What should we have guessed from the moment we sat at our table to feel the coarse paper and to unwrap our cutlery from their lunch truck napkins. Caveat Emptor!Food over salted.  Waited half an hour for the wrong wine.  Poor service overall.  Look elsewhere....Very chic spot. Getting there was the fun part and made for a great date story. Food was decent. Very filling but not a whole ton of flavor. 
The lamb shank was decently braised but there was more to be desired. It tasted good but it wasn't something you wanted to just keep eating.
However, service was awesome and the dining experience was wonderful as well.Bistro St Tropez is the perfect choice for a restaurant on the fourth floor of the Marketplace Design Center, the huge wall lined windows afford great views and the atmosphere of the restaurant is intoxicating with festive lighting and gandering. Is gandering a word, not really, but it sounds better than gawking. Yes I gander, I check out each and every plate that I can while being seated and with the very close knit tables, I do mean tight, it doesn't take much to admire the neighboring tables choices. 
They have two nice sized bars as well as two dining rooms, both allow you to take in the views. The service is spot on with team work, you are greeted immediately and drinks are asked for and brought promptly. Michael had coffee and exclaimed how good it was  and I ordered a bloody mary, if you like them hot and spicy, you'll love theirs! It was a bit too hot for my tastes and I followed each sip with a sip of water. 
Bread is a $1.95 charge but so worth it, delicious and dense sourdough rolls served with an amazing garlic and basil pesto sauce. As the food comes up in the kitchen it is immediately brought out to your table, so there is never a wait, if your server gets busy.
I started with the sautéed Burgundy escargot and wild mushrooms in a herb garlic butter and cream sauce, so many tender snails and freshly sauteed mushrooms and the sauce was incredible! I would return for this dish alone!
I then had a bowl of the creamy wild mushroom soup, finely chopped mushrooms in an excellent creamy both It was well seasoned but missing that little dose of sherry? that is served at The Terrace Restaurant at Longwood Garden's, a mushroom soup that I will always use as comparison to the best I've had. It is still worthy indeed and I would order it again.
For my main course, I went mini with an express lunch and had the Moules Marinieres with hand cut fries, well so much for mini, so many mussels, with halved cherry tomatoes, onions, garlic in an amazing broth and enough hand cut fries to share indeed. The mussels were hit and miss, so much flavor, but a few of them or more were shriveled and dry, not plump and tender like the rest, but I guess that can happen.
Ha, what did Michael have? Well he had a huge omelet  saucisse and a nice sized side salad. The sausage inside was a smoked kielbasi and was accompanied by swiss chard and a sharp provolone cheese. The sausage was quite large, instead of slices or chunks and the omelet was dry and very brown on the outside. Some folks like their omelette's well done, I like mine cooked but I detest having my eggs browned and why I no longer order them out. He ate it all, but was not thrilled, which is too bad, because it certainly reads well on the menu, there is a fine line between an omelet that is done and one that is too well done.
My experience was great, Michael left a little less satisfied than I. 3.65 stars.