Really tasty. Had crab fried rice, wings are juicy - crawfish was great too. Coming back again!Ordered from UberEats. Got the Shrimp Po' Boy and it's beyond delicious . Every bite of it gets better. I definitely want to try more items from here if I can even think about not ordering the shrimp Po'boy. I highly suggest you add jalapeño if you like spicy. I'm hooked!!My 1st visit here but it won't be my last, the ambiance was quiet, cozy & relaxing, the staff was friendly from the moment I entered the door, the open table policy is a nice touch. My girlfriend had the Alaskan snow crab with the red potatoes which is her favorite & the corn on the cob with the cajun butter & judging by the smack of her lips & the fact that she cleaned her plate I'd say she thoroughly enjoyed her meal as did I. I had the stir fry noodles with shrimp & it was light & delicate with just the right amount of seasoning, needless to say I also cleaned my plate. We also enjoyed the fresh squeezed mint limeade, it was absolutely perfect, not too sweet, not too sour but just right with the mint giving it a cool subtle kick to add to its thirst quenching taste, we finished off our fantastic meals with her getting the fried cheese cake which she practically drooled over & I enjoyed the fried bananas with vanilla ice cream and drizzled in chocolate. an absolute great dining experience & we will definitely be dining here again in the future.Went to this restaurant for my birthday dinner tonight with friends. I am a big seafood person, so definitely felt very excited. We ordered their seafood combo #5 and it has pretty much everything: shrimp, clams, lobster tails, sausages, corns, baked potatoes and craw fish. We chose the canjun flavor since we love spiciness. I will say the portion is very huge and definitely can be shared among 3 people. The taste is OK, not the best because the flavor did not soak in the seafood. My husband ordered tofu bahmi and he said is not bad. Service is great and waitresses are pretty helpful.Came in for lunch and was instantly greeted by friendly and helpful staff. Both food and service was superb. With the Asian flair, the shrimp po'boy is so far my favorite. Not to mention their wings are some of the best I have had. Will come back and recommend to everyone!This was a spur of a moment decision based of other Yelp reviews and let me say- it must have been the best decision I made all day! We had the fish po boy, Asian chicken sandwich, sweet potato fries and a Vietnamese coffee. Everything was well flavored and delightful. I will definitely be back.We stopped in for dinner on Saturday around 6pm and were seated immediately. I think most of the great yelp reviews involve the crawfish and other boiled seafood and we didn't get any of that. Dining Partner and I split the thai sweet chili wings to start. I then had the crispy shrimp rolls and he had the crab fried rice as entrees. The food was good, but it didn't knock my socks off. The waitresses were very friendly and kept our waters filled the entire time. The restaurant seemed to be lacking proper ventilation. When we walked it there was a strong food scent that attached itself to our hair and clothing for the remainder of the night.We happened upon this place on a temperate Friday night at the start of the fall season. The place was not very crowded but was clean well-kept and modern.
We started with the sweet potato fries and the summer rolls along with the Thai sweet chili wings. A fantastic start to the meal. The sweet potato fries had an interesting Cajun spice that gave it a bit of a kick. The summer rolls were good along with the two condiments which were a peanut sauce and sweet Thai dressing. 
The rice plate with the barbecue pork was particularly tasty. It was served with a side of vegetables in a fresh seasoning.
As an aside I had a lovely limeade freshly squeezed and my girlfriends Thai tea was very good as well.
Overall the meal was very good in the atmosphere was quite pleasant as well. Will definitely be back here again to try some other dishes.Came here for lunch with my family and left really satisfied. The wings were crispy with lots of flavor, but the meat was still juicy and not dried out like a lot of fried wings. I got the pork sandwich, it was a generous portion size with good flavor. All of the food is cooked to order so expect to wait 10 minutes, but definitely well worth itWas looking for a byob place that wasn't going to break the bank. Stopped by there with a friend to catch up, drink some whiskey and get some food. Really enjoyed the experience and the food. Our server was very friendly and provided good service. Even recommended Mexican Coke for our jack which was a nice touch. 
From all the yelp recommendations we ate the Sweet Chili wings and the Shrimp Summer roll. They were delicious and I will throw in my own recommendation that those appetizers are the way to go. For entree we grabbed rice platter with chicken which wasn't anything special but still really good. 
Great place for a casual meal with drinks and friends. Check it out if you are in the area.Everything I ordered last night was delicious.  I wanted to get football watching food for the first game of the season, so decided this would be a good fit.  I think i missed the whole first quarter because my face was in the seafood bag.  
I ordered through EAT24 (I'm really liking the whole online ordering thing) but had a hard time deciding what to get.  I wanted everything but thought it wasn't responsible to spend $100+ on a Thursday night take out meal.  So after perusing the Yelp reviews, I decided on the thai chili wings, dumplings, noodles, and Combo 2.  Then my boyfriend ordered...no I'm kidding, that's for both of us.  I'll repeat my first comment, everything was delicious.  Tip: Try to get some of that Casian sauce onto your noodles and mix it in a bit.  You're welcome.
Picking up was quick and seamless.  The hostess was friendly and even gave me a $2 off card.  She knew damned well I'd be back.  Just to mention, because this stood out to me, the take out packaging was very thoughtful.  They included bibs, wipes, and even an extra empty container for shells.  Most places would assume you could use a receptacle at home, but these guys thought "Just in case she starts eating it in the car."  
I hope to eat in at some point, since they are byob.  And since I saw a lobster on some guys table that I did not see on the EAT24 menu.The soft shell crab was delicious and the seafood boil was equally great. Star of the show was definitely the clams. I think the crawfish was a tad bit overboiled, but they got amazing flavors inside.Cheap, fresh, delicious seafood and sandwiches with daily specials. They're also really friendly. Their 1 pound steamed and seasoned seafood is really fun to eat. They also started delivering recently! It's really nice too that their delivery packaging doesn't leak, and they give you plenty of napkins for messy crawfish eating. I only wish they served some of the lunch stuff during dinnertime as well. 
Some of my favorites: garlic butter noodles (it goes great with any of their special casian flavored seafood, like mussels), vietnamese bbq pork sandwich, bistro seasoned wings (sooo good), Korean pork belly bun, and vietnamese iced coffee, any of their 1lb seafood for $10+.Great food for the price range! I went there for lunch on a weekday. It does seem like a majority of their business is take out, but the service was good anyway. The waitress was able to recommend their Vietnamese BBQ sandwich which was excellent. I even took half home for dinner.Nice dinning place on south street! I had the crab fried rice, the Thai tea and the seafood combo 1. Everything was great and I love the crab decors inside the restaurant. The only thing we did complained in our heart was that it was smokey inside the restaurant. I am not sure if it's due to a broken vent in the kitchen or not.I was searching for places with good seafood especially crawfish and found this place on Yelp. The wings were really good, crispy on the outside and moist in the inside. We got combo 3 and 4 which was filling, hearty and amazing. We barely finish them both with a group of four but we're incredibly satisfied.Great little space for Asian-Cajun fusion, a cuisine I was previously unaware existed. A friend and I opted to split the lunch soft shell crab bun and the shrimp po boy and had no regrets (although, if I was going with someone of the non-food sharing variety, I'd opt for the po boy). Before we were half way through our meal, we resolved to go back again.Great seafood spot and BYOB. Ordered a low country boil w crawfish, clam and head-on shrimp, in between one and two spicy. Was perfect. Must be comfortable peeling, shelling, but well worth it. Wings looked good too.New Southeast Asian/American (think Thai meets New Orleans) bistro in Graduate Hospital is absolutely fabulous. Great ingredients, great atmosphere, great concept. Very excited to have them in the neighborhood.this new Yelp platform made the dishes look appealing and if pics are worth a thousand words here are 43 ...delicious "spicy mussels" in a brine both fragrant, sweet & savory that has me drinking from the bag that kept them piping hot all the way from south street to UC together with "salt & pepper shrimp" that had me eating the shell et al Bourdain-style all with a side Asian salad slaw and don't worry the dressing is on the bottom of the eco friendly container - stir it up!The crawfish seafood pot and soft-shell crab fired rice were delicious. The staff were very nice and attentive. We enjoyed our meal!Nice flavors with fresh seafood in decent portions. Waiting time a bit long.Get the sweet chili wings. You will want to lick the sauce off your fingers. The crab fried rice is also good and has huge chunks of crab. We also got the salt and pepper shrimp. The seasoning is good but it comes off when you peel of the shell and tail. That being said the shrimp were big and tasted good. We ordered take out and the food was still hot by the time  we got home across the city.I would give this 3.5 stars for lunch. I had the shrimp po'boy. I love authentic New Orleans food so this one kind of disappointed. The breeding on the shrimp tasted a little off to me but everyone has different tastes. The food also came out very slowly and we were one of two tables occupied. I have been told their seafood dinner boils are good so may return for one of those.You might almost miss this place walking by it but it is a true gem! The owner was very friendly and the service was quick. The seafood boil was amazing (pretty buttery but delicious). I highly recommend!Hands down best wings ever!!! So crispy and flavorful. The Asian slaw is also bomb. Reasonably priced, good service. Expect to get your hands dirty. Finger licking good.Been here about 5 times and am really fond of this mom & pop SE asian joint.
Things I liked: 
- Fresh ingredients and not overly salted or sauced.
- friendly staff, BYOB, and very kid friendly.
- Simple items that are done very well: chicken pho, chicken ban-mi. crab bun, spring rolls.I won't be eating here again. Ordered for the first time via ubereats since I saw the good reviews and love Asian cuisine. I had the crab fried rice and the sweet chili wings (pictured) together they came up to 22.90, and because I ordered via ubereats the 5 dollar service fee brought me up to 29.72.  The crab fried rice left something to be desired... it was a kind of pale, lifeless, sad dish... More seasoning or maybe even more variety in vegetables mixed into the rice would have been nice. I looked at the fried crab lying there in my takeout box  and just thought... "im so sorry my friend, you shouldn't of had to die for this... it was NOT worth it.
The sweet chili wings were tasty, I asked them to make them spicy for me and they did, the sauce was yum and the chicken was cooked nicely. 
The most negative part of this meal was the "extra surprise"... a long light to medium brown hair in the rice. I have short, curly, blonde-highlighted hair so I knew it couldn't of been mine when I pulled it out of my mouth.
The bland 16 dollar rice with added human hair wasn't worth it. The wings were good but not good enough to order from here again. I paid 29.72+ tip to my delivery driver for my sad (1 person) meal. I wanted to like this place like some others seemed to but I just couldn't. 
TL;DR -bland, lifeless fried rice with a strand of human hair in it.
Tasty sweet chili wings 
Overpriced 
3 stars for the wings, if I'd of ordered the rice alone it would be 1Bistro SouthEast has some of the best potstickers and mango sticky rice I've ever had. The portions were generous, and everything we had was delicious. I recommend the Salt & Pepper Shrimp and the Crab Fried Rice, they were incredible. This is an excellent BYO everyone should try.Excellent crab. Well made. Max spice is survivable. My girlfriend loves crab legs and she approved. Yay for me!This is a 4.5 star review, almost a five..  My wife Karin and I have been here a few times, mainly for the delicious banh mi sandwiches. We were joined by our Jersey  friends Jay and Ken for lunch recently. We had called ahead to have the seafood boil # 4 for lunch (usually it is served only at dinner unless you call a day before). While the boil was "cooking", we ordered the Thai sweet chili wings. The crispy texture, the tasty chicken, the sweet and spicy flavors , were very delicious.The boil arrived (shrimp, crawfish, clams, 2 small lobster tails, 4 halves of corn, 4 sausages, and four potatoes in a wonderful casian sauce) and we proceeded to devour the blend of flavors and textures.  The casian sauce (cajun/asian) was terrific, salty, sweet and spicy. We couldn't stop eating until we devoured the entire boil.. We also shared the pork belly banh mi which is so delish. We finished with the fried cheesecake with whipped cream and dragon fruit. One of the reviewers on yelp said that the fried cheesecake freaked her out. Not us, we enjoyed the texture and taste.
Karin and I also ordered the crab fried rice, with a soft shell crab on top, to go. The rice is aromatic, delicate and subtle tasting. The softshell was crispy and enjoyable.
Mui, the wife and co-owner, is a gracious hostess. She is patient,  welcomes and answers any questions, makes great suggestions and prepares the takeout orders with loving care. Our friends ordered 2 banh mi sandwiches to go. Mui deconstructed the order by separating the meat, the sauce, the carrots and cilantro and suggested how to put it back together for eating later.
The decor is minimalistic but clean and casual. Once the food arrives, you notice nothing else. 
The four of us have decided to return in July for our next lunch adventure. We want to try as many dishes as we can. It is that good.Great sandwiches and amazing service! Try the meatball sandwich or po'boy shrimp. The thai chili wings are out of this world! Have yet to try their seafood for dinner.This place nails it with the great marriage for the food -Vietnamese Cajun style. Such an awesome fusion combo! Came here with a group of friends and we had ordered the seafood combo that came muscles, lobster tail, crawfish, potatoes, and corn to all split. It was good  however it was not the best quality seafood, I think if I were to come back I would have ordered something else off the menu. I was creeping at some other tables to see what others had ordered and it looked great. The PHO noodles looked amazing and so did the sandwiches just from reading the description off the menu. The interior was also ehhh..just some tables and pendant lighting. Very casual, i think this would be a better lunch spot than dinner. Would come back to try more food!We ordered a few items for delivery, and all of them were great!  Chicken Pho and Bun (noodles with barbecue pork), fried chicken wings, and sweet potato fries.  The salt and pepper chicken was yummy, but had too much pepper on it (more in terms of the visual than the taste).  It still tasted good, but we'll probably try other chicken wings next time.Just moved to philly a couple months ago and stumbled upon this hidden gem!!!
This place is no joke.  We come atleast 2x a week.  Had my boyfriends birthday dinner here with a large group.  Everyone loved it!
Came back the next night for another dinner, we couldn't resist!
Food is amazing!
Service amazing!!  They make you feel so at home and apart of the family!!
They really make an effort to get to know you!  
You need to try this place - by far my favorite Restaurant!!Ordered take out before and it was so good! Today we are dinning in for late late lunch and they are servicing lunch still at 5pm! How cool is that? Nice price for nice yummy tasty food! Very clean inside! And I also checked in for a 10% off! Nice deal!I used to order here all the time. My last few meals were not impressive. The Vietnamese sandwich bread was not as crispy. My spring rolls were not to be desired.. After a long gap of not ordering, I had a craving for head on shrimp. I felt I got shorted on the shrimp. Since in the beginning, I had so much more. Plus the sauce, it's totally different. It used to be a nice thick sauce. Now it's nothing but a lot of grease and some sauce. 
Maybe they switched owners?The Lemongrass Pork sandwich is easily one of the best I've had in the past several years, period. Worth every penny.I come from a city with a large Vietnamese community and am always craving the cuisine. Since moving to Philly, my only options have been to venture out to Chinatown or Washington Ave. from the Rittenhouse area. I recently found out Kidari Sushi on South St. was replaced with Bistro Southeast and decided to check it out. It's now one of my favorite spots in the city. 
My girlfriend and I stepped in on a Sunday afternoon and it was quite slow, allowing us to take a seat right at front window. Amanda, the owner, was incredibly welcoming and friendly. Thanks to her recommendations, we ended up ordering some of the restaurant's favorites: The Bistro Southeast Salad, The BBQ Pork Sandwich, and the Lemongrass Pork Belly Sandwich. 
For a huge eater like me, the portions were fantastic for the price. Though I didn't have too much of the salad and vaguely remember the kinds of greens that went into it, the dressing was absolutely delicious. The menu does it a disservice by simply calling it a Thai peanut dressing. Unlike peanut dressings typically used in other restaurants, this dressing looked more like a vinaigrette. It tasted very refreshing with the hints of peanut to ground the flavor. 
As far as the two sandwiches went, Bistro Southeast does well in maintaining traditional Banh Mi sandwich sensibilities. While I've never had a Lemongrass Pork Belly in a banh mi sandwich before, it's quickly become my new favorite. The meat in both the sandwiches were juicy, seasoned well, and topped with an orange sauce. Needless to say, we both left Bistro Southeast quite full, satisfied with the price, and happy with the customer service. 
While they may not offer $4 or $6 banh mi like you'd find in other Vietnamese communities, their prices are still fairly cheap for the Graduate Hospital area. With that said, I highly recommend this place for people who crave Vietnamese food and for newcomers who would like an introduction to the cuisine.Pro
- Fresh live crawfish.  I believe they had jumbo size crawfish mixed in the bag so that was a plus!
- The crab and lobster fried rice were really good and flavorful. They gave a decent amount of crab and lobster too!
- BYOB with no corkage fee
- The staff were really friendly and helpful.
Con
- Parking is really bad around this area!Wow! What a surprise! Couldn't  figure out what this place had in store as we wondered in on a whim. We ordered the least expensive "combo" meal for two and crossed our fingers. 
Luckily we kept with the whimsy, and chose the casian sauce. Casion, as Cajun and Asian fusion. 
When bibs arrived with the place settings, we knew this was not  going to be a delicate affair. We were in for a gloriously messy crawfish boil. Fabulous meal!!!Came here to try this place out for the first time. Came on a Wednesday night and it's pretty packed which is a good sign that the found is decent. 
Service - Our waitress was very friendly and came to check on us often to make sure everything was ok. 
Food - for appetizers we got the shrimp potstickers and bistro southeast wings. Both of these appetizers were Delish and definitely met my expectations. The shrimp potstickers had nice size pieces of shrimp and full of flavors. The wings were well seasoned and had a nice crunch and not over cooked. It was crunchy on the outside but not dry on the inside. Then we also got combo #1 1 lb of crawfish with 1 lb of clams in Cajun seasoning. We also ordered an additional 2 lbs of crawfish in Cajun seasoning as well. For dessert we had a fried cheesecake. It was amazingly yummy. Everything was well executed. 
Price - I think the wings were a bit pricey but it was well worth it. You definitely get what you pay for. The seafood was reasonable priced. 
Overall experience - I left this restaurant feeling very satisfied with the meal and definitely will be back to try out other food from the menu. So if you haven't try this place out yet and around the area you should stop by to check it out.Awesome food! Very friendly staff. But I wish they had more vegan or vegetarian things on the menu. I guess they just have 2 things, although I absolutely love both of them -Curry tofu sandwich and tofu summer roll!Lousy service. Place smells like old frying grease. Come here if you want to be ignored and get indigestion.Omg I can't say enough!! Everything in the menu is delicious! Service is excellent I love Sara! My fav is the south bistro Salad, you can also buy the salad dressing and they have a gluten free option!Wow this place is good. Way better than Joe's crab shack in KOP. The king crab is sweet and succulent.  The lemongrass crab is delish n licking finger good. Have been looking for something like this for a while in our area and this small restaurant really hit the spot.  The chix wings are excellent as well. And it's BYOB so what are you waiting for. .. cheersThe mango rice was delicious, the chicken pho, is the best soup I've got from delivery, well packaged, and satisfying, and butter Cajun seasoning on the crawfish is fabulous, I'm licking the shell and I don't even care.Just ordered takeout from here tonight.  Food was pretty decent. We tried a bunch of things from their menu but when we brought the order home, realized one dish was missing. I called bistro southeast right away and explained that I just picked up food and one dish was missing. The lady who picked up the phone very RUDELY replied, "What order??". She wasn't apologetic. Just plain rude and asked if I want a refund or to come back to pick up the order. I would've gladly went back to pick it up but just the way she spoke to me and dealt with this problem turned me off. She definitely did not care about customer service at all.We live nesrby and this is one of our favorite places.  The crab fried rice is incredible and much more flavor than P.F. Chang's.  Also the seafood combos all are good, whether the cajun or garlic butter, but be sure to discuss the level of seasoning you prefer, and they will adjust accordingly.  Also being a BYOB place makes it quite affordable.  Parking is always a challenge on South Street, so consider taking public transportation, a taxi or uber/lyft.This was average food. I was staying at a local hotel and ordered delivery kinda late. The delivery was cool and convenient though it did take a bit longer than an hour. If I'm in the area again I will probably give it another try.The food is ALWAYS great with a staff that is friendly and efficient. Everyone makes you feel at home. I have enjoyed many meals here and will be coming back for more.
EricThis order, I got the Vietnamese BBQ sandwich. Very good, especially for the price - tasty and filling, and not at all skimpy on the filling. Wish it had more cilantro, but then, I wish that about a lot of things, so I can't really complain too much. Staff was very friendly and had my take-out order ready very quickly.Had a delicious fish po boy. The French roll and lightly breaded fish were both very fresh and tasty. Wasn't too heavy or too light. Excellent service. Very clean restaurant. Will be back soon.New restaurant, I think they're still ironing out the kinks. 
The summer rolls were great, and very inexpensive. The lime drink was a ripoff ($4+ for lime juice and water with some mint in it? Especially when the summer rolls were cheaper!). 
The food is tasty, would try again.What an interesting little place! I first fell in love when my family brought me tofu summer rolls from here. They were the best I've EVER had! They were super fresh and totally packed. They had nice big chunks of seasoned tofu. 
Came back for a meal with the crew and was even further impressed....
They specialize in both Viet fare, as well as really fresh seafood here. The fam loved the snow crab leg boil bags priced competitively for the market. These bags are also offered in clams, crawfish, shrimp or lobster tails. A la carte by the pound or in combos, which seem like a fun option with larger crowd. Cajun or garlic butter sauce to top. Garlic butter was the way the crew went, and absolutely loved! 
The wings, which were a huge hit with hubs are offered in a variety of flavors...salt and pepper, Thai chili and spicy curry lemongrass. The curry were said to be well flavored, crispy and very good! 
Our crew indulged in a roll sampler also. If you're going to order the lobster rolls, which were filled with hunks if lobster meat, you may as well spend a few bucks more and get the sampler which included shrimp, tofu and spring rolls also. This plate is a great starter and sure to be a crowd pleaser. The huge rolls were accompanied by a dip trio. Hard to choose a favorite, they were all so tasty! 
The sweet potato fries seem like an odd side dish for the cuisine, but they were so fantastic!! Up there with my all time favorites in Philly. Yum! 
The crew downed the fried cheesecake in seconds and wanted more. Definitely grab a slice even if it's just to-go. 
Service was great.
Parking right out front was simple. 
Super casual joint, and it's BYO! 
Would love to return with the entire fam. Everything was so delicious! Can't wait to try more! 
5 star food -1 for ambiance....or lack thereof.It is a really little sweet restaurant. The couple who runs this restaurant is super cute and sweet.  It was my first time eating there and they cooked us a free dishes. The food is very delicious. They combined the American food with Asian flavor. I will say both of Americans and Asians will love it. The prices are not high, you guys can totally afford itsStumbled upon this place while surfing "nearbys" on Yelp.  The soft shell crab fried rice intrigued me.  I never had a soft shell crab before and was a little hesitant to eat the entire crab including the shell.  To my surprise, the dish was very flavorful with crunchy texture from the fried crab and fluffiness from the perfectly cooked rice.  I also had the fish po'boy which  was tasty but not enough fish compared to other po'boys I've had elsewhere.  My son had the bbq pork noodle bowl which burst with yummy char flavor.  My older son had the chicken pho which had just a sprinkle of chicken however the broth was good.  The sweet thai chili wings were average.
Overall, lunch here is pricey but good.  Parking is terrible on south street.Been there 5 times for lunch and dinner. Love the service--a family owned place. I've had the lobster and shrimp roles which had fresh and crunchy veggies. Yum. I've had the shrimp and mussel Cajun style dinner--deliciously seasoned and spiced. I've had the Banh mi style po boy, chicken, and pork. Overall yummy local Vietnamese !We were staying in a hotel nearby and wanted to order in. I'm so glad we choose this spot. We ordered from the Seafood a la carte everything Casian Seasoning. We started with the Alaskan Snow Crab Medium Spicy while the peel n eat shrimp, and crawfish were spicy. Wish we had chosen all medium instead since it was really spicy but still everything was finger licking delicious.
We also had to try the Thai sweet chilli wing since it was highly reviewed and I'm glad we did. We Will def order from here in our future stays in Philly =]Best pho I've ever had!! Wait staff and owners are also very nice and friendly! Highly recommend.Outstanding menu. Everything was fresh and seasoned well. Quite a surprising offering for a small, hidden bistro.Summer rolls stuffed with 4 shrimp a piece, filled with crunchy lettuce, mint, bean sprouts, cilantro, carrots and a peanut sauce and ginger sauce. Vietnamese bbq pork bahn mi has beautifully seared pieces of pork, served with cucumber, cilantro, and carrots on Vietnamese baguette. Great meal and quality ingredients.Really fantastic.... went on a Saturday night for a date night w my boyfriend and it was amazing. We ordered shrimp summer rolls, the crab fried rice, and Combo #2 (1 pound shrimp, 1 pound mussels, and 2 corn and 2 potatoes- Cajun, extra spicy). Also took advantage of the BYOB with some white Merlot we picked up at Reading Terminal earlier that day. What can I say- the food was quick and hot, with proper serving (rolls, then rice, then combo), most importantly it was DELICIOUS (we  hot n garlicky), and the service was great! They topped off the water promptly and were so kind the entire time. It has similar style to The Boil if you've ever been in New York City! The 10% check-in discount was super clutch and you should definitely come while it's still available!!! Bistro Southeast was a great time and I hope to try the rest of the menu next time I am in Philly 100%.The food was very good! Order shrimp roll and the #2 seafood combination platter with a side of snow crab legs. The sauce can get very thick and clumpy as it cools down but that's fairly normal. Server was very nice as well.The food was amazing, great customer service. The combo 4 was also great, the sauce is a little on the thick side though. The real deal was the crab fried rice and the fried cheesecake.Eat here often and order catering. Troy is super accommodating and friendly. He is responsive, have a great staff and amazing wife.
The food is always fantastic. I typically order the crab or lobster fried rice, bistro salad with shrimp or tofu and shrimp rolls or summer rolls. Troy makes a honey cilantro lime dressing is refreshing, light, and full of flavor. It's great on any salad and you don't need much to dress a salad. The bistro wings are crispy fried wings that aren't greasy. It has the perfect crunch and the sauces are delightful. It's great for a family style meal or a quick bite.Everything was delicious.  The softshell crab buns were a good portion.  The pork belly sandwich was more than enough. We also had the Southeast wings and mango sticky rice. The Vietnamese coffee was strong and sweet.Shrimp po boy sandwich was good but felt as if it was 90% bread. Solid value for the priceDelicious Bahn mi, I come here regularly to grab something quick but delicious. Can't wait to try their other menus as well!The food at Bistro Southeast is quite good, and maybe my expectations were a bit high based on the Yelp reviews, but it didn't blow me away.
We got one order of the salt & pepper wings, and another of the Thai sweet chili wings. They were both good and I think the taste just comes down to preference. You won't go wrong either way. 
We also got an order of the crispy shrimp rolls. These are literally shrimp with spring roll wraps fried around them. Different and I liked the creativity. They taste about how you would expect fried shrimp rolls to taste. 
My table got the combo 1 cajuin style. It was very good, though I didn't have any of the crawfish or the mussels. These kinds of dishes come down to the seasoning and the seasoning was very good, I'm just not a crawfish or mussels person. 
Great/perfect service. No complaints whatsoever. Waters always full, table always cleared when finished. Perhaps my favorite part of the evening was seeing the owner (at least I'm assuming he was the owner. He had a laptop set up in the back and was doing work) interact with a few customers who were regulars. He was always smiling and laughing. I think this is a big part of how these privately owned places can get a big advantage: by being personable. 
Points for: Service, cajun style seasoning
No negatives.Not many places like this downtown. Bistro Southeast is a small unassuming BYOB on South St in Grad Hospital. It bills itself as Asian Fusion, but I got the Seafood Combo which includes Shrimp, Mussels, Sausage, Corn and Potatoes with Casian Seasoning. This was a lot of food! And all of the seafood was perfectly cooked.
The Casian seasoning/marinade was absolutely delicious. I am pretty sure you could put this seasoning on anything and it would taste yummy! I usually like cocktail sauce with my shrimp, but with this meal it was totally unnecessary. 
Grab some friends and a bunch of beers and feast on their delicious seafood boil (combo)!This is a low key spot that is easy to overlook, but I absolutely love the food here! The BBQ pork banh mi sandwich is amazing-- I keep recommending it to my friends-- and the pho and Thai wings are also delicious (and I've only eaten those via take out).We love to eat at small individually owned places and found this one while picking up a pair of glasses down the street. We loved the freshness of the food, the spring rolls were the best and the seafood is reslly fresh. We own a restaurant ourselves, so we know how hard it is to be the new place. You guys will do great.
We will be backFantastic place - different menu with a lot of interesting choices, food is outstanding, and service very good. Really nice addition to the area - no other place in the area offers these options, and some things I really don't see anywhere in the city. We had the homemade dumplings which were very good, the Asian slaw which was great, and an Korean BBQ pork sandwich which was out of this world. Talked to one of the owners a good deal about their menu  - she was rightly proud of what they were doing. Highly recommend a visit - will be back soon.Perfect spot for South street and an appropriate name for southeast fusion items. Can't go wrong with lemongrass! Apart from their sandwiches, also stumbled upon their seafood combos. On a cold day, nothing better than a garlic-Cajun plastic bag full of steamed mussels, shrimp, potatoes, corn, and sausage. Warms me up just thinking about it.Wow! This place was an unexpected surprise and in my neighborhood too! I had very tempered expectations when we decided to give Bistro Southeast a try as it looks pretty unassuming.  It exceeded my expectations in spades. I am still thinking about the Dungeness crab in curry sauce. It was amazing as was the salt and pepper shrimp. We also loved  the curry duck and Asian slaw. I thought the noodle bowl was good and fresh but a little plain given the high flavor profile of the other dishes. The service was friendly and helpful. Not that unexpected as we were the only ones in the place. I wish them success. The food deserves to be noticed. I will definitely be back!Best Cajun sauce crawfish! !!! And the crab fried rice with the soft she'll crab I have ever ate!!!! They got crabby cafe Beat!!!! Don't waste your time or money anywhere else if you want good seafood... and they have other stuff too that I have to try!!!Went for a Thursday night dinner for 4 and was quickly waited upon. We ordered the summer rolls which had a great selection of lobster, shrimp and tofu. Very refreshing with a great lime sauce that went well with the rolls! I ordered the cajun noodle shrimp dish which was new on their menu. It was absolutely delicious with a distinct flavor. A great BYO place and even got free birthday fried cheesecake! Great place to jump into really quick. Will definitely try the seafood next time.Came here at 5:30 pm on a Wednesday, when the only patrons were local Grad Hospital residents dropping in for a quick dinner. The space is informal and a little hot. You can place your order at the counter, but there's also table service. There's a screen next to the counter displaying a rotation of photos of popular dishes so you can get an idea of what they look like! Prices were very low for most entrees, save for the steamed shrimp ($17/lb). The soft shell crab fried rice has chunks of crab in it, and is topped with a whole fried crab. Delicious and definitely worth $16. We'll be back to try the other entrees!So so so happy I found this place. Ordered the lemongrass grilled chicken and it was delicious!!! Super easy, quick, and delicious. Can't wait to try the fresh seafood soon.