The food is very good and GREAT prices. The falafel is AMAZING. It also has a neat little market. Over all a good place to go if your in the area.I've grown up in a Lebanese family and we owned a middle eastern restaurant for over 40 years. The food is everything to me. Their food and pleasentries makes me feel like I'm at my family's table. The smells bring me to sito's (grandmother's) kitchens. 
This place is a must for truly authentic food and feel of middle eastern culture. 
I've tried a few in Philly, none compare.A true hole in the wall with authentic middle eastern wraps. I love to go to this place, I used to go more often about 5-10 years ago but I got the chance to revisit a month or so back, boy didn't I miss it!
I had the Mediterranean wrap, amazingly well done and cut meat to perfection with all the necessary adds on (such as feta, grape leaf dolma) to make sure all the middle eastern flavors dance in your mouth. I enjoyed it so much. The portion is perfect, not to big, not too small. You want to top that with a really awesome desert, you have to try the pistachio burma.... God I am coming to you.This place is amazing.
It's a total hole in the wall type establishment, but boy do they cook some great food! Love their gyro salad, their falafel, they're platters, and the grocery area is an added bonus! I've gotten their stuffed spinach rolls there in addition to hummus, baba ghanoush and other odds and ends and have always been extremely satisfied.
It's a very small place so it is always better if you call ahead for take out, if you can!So good. So cheap. The falafel sandwich is rolled up like a burrito with a pita. $4-5 depending what you add as a topping.  A nice sized portion. Once i had one sitting in my fridge all day and when i got home from work and it was still excellent. Always on my mind.Had a mid-eastern gyro today with Mike F.  This place is a delight.  Forget the gyro's you had in the burbs or shore.  This place makes them with added mid-east ingredients that just makes them special.  It's not  a date place either.  Just a small place to eat with an added market area.  I spend in both.I met Amin (Bitar's owner). I returned the molded pita bread last week and got refunded for it. He apologize and I did appreciate that, since I always buy my pita bread from Bitar's! 
 I'm so happy that he could also help me do a bakesale at his store so that I can raise money for the Arthritis Foundation. I  and my team "CHEF CHERRYL" will be walking a 5k on Dec 4, 2011 in Metuchen, New Jersey.
If anyone is interested to join my team or want to support me on this great cause please visit my personal webpage:
www.jbrmetuchen.kintera.org/chefcherryl
Thank you for your time reading this!!
CheThe falafel is amazing. The desserts are delicious. This spot is crucial for a quick, affordable, transcendent meal. Hungry vegetarians don't miss out!Loved this!  Great delivery with Dining In.  Liked the gyro, hummus and little pizzas.  Very fresh!This place is not close to my house, but its worth the 20-30 minute walk.  Cheap and mostly authentic Middle Eastern food.  The Gyro/Shwarma and Babaganouj were both great.  Even better was the little market where I can buy a giant tubs of Tahina, grape leaves, and other hard to find Middle East foods.- TIP:  After you eat your meal -- they've got great prices on desserts ($1 baklava) and to-go containers of hummus.
- CON:  Closes @ 7pm most days.
- BOTTOM LINE:  Even if the food was mediocre, it'd be worth grabbing considering you get a big plate of mediterranean food for $8.  But the food is far better from mediocre -- and I would be ordering it instead of my other go-to take-out mediterranean spots (e.g. Hummus Grill, Al Zaytouna) if it was open later.Never been in the area before this time.  I liked the falafel and baklava from Bitar's.  Overall the food was reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is not conducive for a sit down restaurant, but definitely great for take out.  I would go there if again if in the area.The perfect place to pick up a quick meal. Lamb is great; falafel is one of the best I have had around here. I like to get flat bread here from the grocery section. I stopped in last week for tahini, as the one they carry is my preferred brand from Lebanon, but they have drastically reduced the grocery offering (including my tahini!) Oh well, its still good for a cheap, quick lunch or piece of baklava, if not for the groceries.amazing. they have halva for $3.75 a pound. eat that specialty health food store that sells it for $20. phenomenal food. excellent ingredients. great prices. 90 cents for a tub of anise seeds.I went in and ordered take out on a Tuesday night. There wasn't a line, and my wait was under 6 minutes. It's a little bit of a hole in the wall, but the prices are great, the food was fantastic, and the service was friendly.
The grilled chicken in my chicken kabab sandwich was juicy, and charred perfectly. I thought that I had made the best choice, but I succumbed to food envy when I tried my boyfriends Mediterranean lamb and beef gyro, because it's hard to compete with the flavor of lamb. If you're trying to avoid red meat, don't taste your friends sandwich.
My delicious order of baba ghanoush lasted two days and had a great smokey taste and perfectly smooth texture. I do wish that they had provided more than one pita for the baba ghanoush, because it required a minimum of three, and I had to switch to dipping into it on day #2 with crackers. So I recommend asking for more pitas if you order the baba ghanoush.Always go here when I am home to get real Pita bread. The next best place is in Michigan. It's always clean and organized. It has changed considerable since My last visit several years ago. The quality is slightly different, but better than anything I can get in Vegas. So they can ship to me, yippee!Wow, with all the fab reviews I had been looking forward to trying Bitar's for awhile, but we ended up quite disappointed.  We saw a Groupon, nabbed it and gave it a try.  We each got combination platters take out.  I got the gyro combination.  It came with a box that had veggies (lettuce, tomato, onions), gyro meat with tzatziki, as well as bread, a side of hummus, and a side of tabbouleh.  I will give it to them, a big portion.  I was actually confused whether I should use the bread and make a sandwich or use it for dipping in hummus.  With no other options for dipping I used the bread to dip in the hummus and ate the gyro and veggies on their own.  Unfortunately, I wasn't enthralled.  The gyro meat didn't taste very good, almost burnt, and the tzatziki didn't cover it up.   I guess it's a matter of taste, but the tabbouleh was so overwhelmingly filled with garlic that I couldn't eat it.  Even the bread was disappointingly very thin, not the nice thickness that I'm used to with pita.  I rarely leave a plate unfinished but I just coudn't do it with this one.  My girlfriend's platter was also disappointing as she only received two balls of falafel.  The hummus was the only saving grace,  The hummus was very good, and my girlfriend got a side of a different style of hummus that was amazingly tasty.  But, sadly, that only gives one extra star.  Because of the great reviews I may willing to go back another time and try something different.Not-so-good:
The hours are limited and very strange
Limited sit-down area (this is more like a take-out place)
Good:
The food is incredible
The employees are very friendly
Prices reasonable
Either come here for a quick meal with a friend or get some to go; this place is fantastic.  My brother and I ordered falafel, hummus, and baba ghanouj and loved everything!  Just make sure it's open first!Such a gem in South Philly!  I love getting my labneh and other Middle Eastern goodies at this place.  Fill your cart with homemade dips, breads, spices and sweets and enjoy a full Mezze dinner!As much as I love living in South Philadelphia, I'll be the first to admit that we're seriously lacking in terms of having a variety of ethnic food. I love my tacos and burritos as much as the next person, but my major weakness is Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food. Thus, when I succumbed to curiosity and checked out Bitars, I was in heaven. That was about a year ago, and I haven't stopped going since. 
Bitars is a very unassuming place, despite the burgundy exterior and hookah-filled window. When you first enter it, it's almost hard to notice that it's both a market and a restaurant. That being said, the atmosphere is very cozy and reminds me of some of the places I went to get food in Israel. The store aspect of Bitars offers a wide variety of fresh and delicious products at a way better price than the supermarket conglomerates. The middle contains bins of fresh, delicious, and fluffy pita bread of all sizes; the coolers offer home made hummus, baba, tabouli, falafel, grape leaves, juices, delectable feta cheese and olives; and the shelves house a variety of spices and herbs that normally cost a bajillion dollars at Acme but are extremely reasonable. On top of that, they also have a dessert case that offers some of my favorite baklavah and halvah of all time. I'm not exaggerating in the least when I say that I was here religiously once or twice a week when I lived at 9th and Tasker buying their hummus, tabouli, and desserts. It's absolutely phenomenal. 
The grill part of the restaurant is equally as good. They offer a really good amount of both vegetarian and meat sandwiches, as well as delicious and big salads. I personally recommend the falafel, although you really can't go wrong with anything there. They are also willing to customize a bit so your sandwich or platter becomes exactly what you want. Unfortunately, it's probably better to get your food to go because it really only has two small tables in an already small room. 
Bitars really is one of the best gems that South Philadelphia has to offer. Their food rivals some of the bigger names in Middle Eastern cuisine, and their market selections give you the opportunity to create your own versions of traditional favorites. The owners have created a gold mine and you'd be doing yourself a disservice to not check it out. Seriously.I came upon Bitar's when I received a groupon from a friend for $20. Two friends and I decided to go one day that we all had off work, a 92 degree summer day. When we arrived we were turned off right away by the stifling heat, it was hotter inside than outside. Nothing is more disappointing than expecting the relief of AC only to be enveloped by an inescapable wall of heat. Anyway, we made our way to the counter and were greeted by a less than happy worker. (I guess I wouldn't be very pleasant working in those conditions either). When my friend ordered the chicken kabob she simply replied, "Chicken?! Really?!" rather sarcastically. If you don't want to cook chicken, don't have it on the menu...or get an AC unit. With that said I won't complain too much as we only paid $3/ea. for our meals.
The other side of the restaurant had a small store with various middle eastern products and treats. We were much too hot to stick around and get anything, but everything looked good and reasonably priced.
We waited outside where there were a couple small tables and chairs until the food was ready. We all ordered to-go. When we arrived at our destination we dug in. The food was surprisingly better than I expected, I ordered the gyro platter (Lamb/beef over lettuce and tomato). It came with hummus and tabouli salad which both tasted very fresh, all together with the pita, the flavors all worked together very nicely. The portion was also large and enough to leave us all full and happy. 
With an AC unit and more friendly staff, this place would easily have earned itself a 4, but until then I probably won't be going back unless I get another good deal. Keep in mind I live across the city from this place.I got a groupon for this place and finally decided to use it yesterday.  My boyfriend and I both got the vegetarian combo platter and it filled us up so much we couldn't order the soup.  The platter came with a delicious tabouli salad, two falafel, hummus, baba ganoush, pickled turnip strips, and pita.  Very delicious!
The only thing was the disinterest flowing from the staff.  Not rude, they just didn't seem to care that I was in there.  It kept me from wanting to stay and try more things.  Next time, I'll get takeout.I love this place. The gyros are amazing, the Mediterranean one is my fave. The baklava is also delicious. And their prices are fantastic. I just wish they were open a little later.Great Middle Eastern Food in Center City PHiladelphia!
My friend Keri introduced me to Bitar's a few months ago and I am so grateful to her. It was very helpful to order at Bitar's for several events that I had planned. The food is fresh and tasty and all my guests who had it loved it as much as I do. The service is friendly and accurate. For the luncheon I  hosted recently I ordered their spanakopitas and their chicken sandwiches as entree and when I went to pick up the order I also was able to grab at the store olives, feta cheese, humus and pita bread without needing to order these in advance. They have three kids of feta cheese, the Greek one which is a bit more hard and very salty and is great for greek salads, the Bulgarian which is less salty and more moist and the French feta which is very moist and creamy. I usually get the Bulgarian one but I think I will try the French next time for a change.  I have tried other middles eastern restaurants and this is the best!I haven't gotten any prepared foods here but love their stock of pita, zaatar pita, grape leaves, tahini.I found Bitar's when looking for a Greek restaurant, and the food was great, staff very helpful, but if you dine in, recognize that it isn't a restaurant so much as a Mediterranean grocery with 6 tables to sit at.
The only reason they don't get five stars is the setting, great food in a grocery store.I decided to check this place out because of the rave reviews I've heard from my friends. I did enjoy the delicious falafel with everything on it.  I also like the fact that they grill their falafel instead if frying them. However, the service was awful. The guy who took my order was acting like someone stole his blankie! Minus the poor service I would still go back. Who knows? Maybe he was just having a bad day.They have a great selection of grocery items, all at low prices (tahini and rose water anyone?).  The falafel is pretty good but just a tad on the bland side, which the hummus hides pretty well (at least in the sandwiches, which will only cost you about $3.50).  The owner is very pleasant so plus 1 star for service.  The place itself is small but you can rest assured that everything is freshly prepared.  The baba is pretty good too.  I will return to try the kabobs and gyros.On a train ride back home from a stressful weekend in NYC, I needed some comfort food - which for me means Middle Eastern cuisine. There are so many tasty places around Philly, but I hadn't tried Bitar's and so many people I know swear by them. Yay for online ordering! Placed my order, and their delivery guy pulled up to our building right after my taxi dropped me off - talk about fast delivery service!
My husband was eager to chow down, and thankfully the food I ordered was more than enough for the two of us! The Mediterranean Combo had everything that I love: hummus (two servings!), babaghanuj, tabouli, dolmades with tzatziki sauce, feta, tabouli salad, and pita, we got ours with falafel. But since my man is a carnivore we also had the grilled chicken platter, with tomatoes and onions over rice with tahini sauce and pita. Everything was delicious and fresh, just super tasty traditional Middle Eastern food that really, truly hits the spot and satisfies. Even with a small delivery fee, I will absolutely order from Bitar's again!I first stumbled upon Bitar's on a sweltering August day. Having just moved to the city, I was on the search for something that would fit my student budget.  I ended up settling on pizza in the Italian Market., but little did I know I only had to walk half a block from home to delight in the best falafel in the city. A little family-owned corner store at 10th and Federal, Bitar's houses exotic Middle Eastern treats, fresh and satisfying pita bread, various cooking and bulk items, and a manned grill that produces $3 falafels and proportionately inexpensive lamb and chicken gyros, vegetable platters and authentic toubouli salad.  For dessert try the baklava; pistachio is my favorite.  At Bitar's service is fast, and the staff friendly, but seating is minimal.  If there's no space for you to enjoy your chicken and feta gyro, there are several neighborhood parks that are ideal for two common urban activities: people watching and eating great food.Bitar's is the type of place that makes me wish I was unemployed so I could enjoy lunch here all the time. Their falafel is grilled when ordered, and I enjoy being able to customize it to my liking. I usually get feta and tzatziki on mine. Other options include tahini, hummus, baba and tabouli.   Another favorite is the fry medley which is french fries, peppers and onions served with a tahini dipping sauce.  They offer a wide range of gyros and the like but falafel is a favorite in my house so everyone I have been with always gets that. 
The market part of the store has the typical options, lots of take home sauces, hummus, pitas etc. Great if you are looking for specialty ingredients to make middle eastern food at home.We have been going  here for years. The best Mediterranean fast food you ever had. The only problem are their hours. They recently removed some of the actual grocery and added a few more tables. Start with the Stuffed Grape Leaves, the Babaghanuj, the Hommus or one of their fantastic salads. My personal Fav is the Grilled Chicken Angelo Cataldi Sandwich (yes named for the Morning Show host after he stated public ally that he did not like Mediterranean food). Roasted pepper spread, marinated string cheese and lettuce but you can't deny the Grilled Fallafel or Gyros. SO basically what I'm saying is everything here is delicious. What are you waiting for, get there for lunch or before 7 (or 6 on Saturday).While I have yet to try the prepared foods at Bitar's, the grocery items and customer service have me coming back on a regular basis. They a delicious selection of feta cheese, olives, pita and home made spreads. Everything here is delicious!i have only had their baklava and hummus.
THEIR BAKLAVA IS GREAT. or it could just be that i am obsessed with baklava.
my boyfriend tried their gyro the other day. it was not special but it wasnt bad either.
very nice people. i wish they were open later than 7 though.Best falafel sandwich in Philly possibly the best in the US too (I'm Lebanese and yes I've been craving a real falafel sandwich! You'd think it's simple enough but no..no sandwich was a falafel before I ate Bitar's) HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDI can't believe nobody has reviewed Bitar's. They have very inexpensive falafel sandwiches which are grilled and not fried, some of the best hummus in Philly, a little grocery area where you can buy dried fruit, beans and middle eastern pastries.  The food here is very consistently good. I'm a huge fan of the Angelo Cataldi chicken sandwhich whish has this very yummy red pepper sauce.  It's actually making me hungry just thinking about it. Mmmm.
I just found out that they opened new locations in W. Philly and Society Hill.  This is good news for folks in those neighborhoods.  Definitely stop by and check it out.Great food at an affordable price. Portions are large. They are a little cheap with their pita but still a great place.Very small hole in the wall take out with 2 tables and small bar style seating.  Located in the heart of South Philly right by Pats and Genos.  The food is very good!  I had a falafel sandwich loaded with veggies and a white sauce.  For dessert I had a piece of halva, which is a Mediterranean dessert. It was delicious, I even bought a 1/2 lb to take home.  Also, for checking in on Yelp I saved 10%.  Would come here again for sure.Greek Gyro for $5.95, tastes amazing.  Ive been getting one every week recently.  I like to add lettuce to mine, as it doesn't typically come with.  Also has great Baklava and Hummus!I am adding a star because the owner of the store took the time to contact me and apologize for the my last experience there (95 degree day, broken air conditioning, rude worker, etc). 1-star for good follow up customer service. It means a lot to an unsatisfied customer, that he took it upon himself to right things. He even offered me a free sandwich of my choice. I will visit here again, but no free sandwich needed. I will pay for what I consume, since the food IS pretty good.Came here for lunch with a $10/$20 Groupon.  I expected to grab a sandwich and take home some goods from their market but I did a bad job of reading the fine print (menu items only).  
Anyway, I went with the Greek beef/lamb gyro which was very good.  I also ordered a Wilson sandwich (chicken, falafel, lettuce, tomato, onion, olives, hummus, tahini and hot  sauce), a side of pita and hummus and a couple pieces of walnut baklava to take home.  The hummus is great.  Creamy in texture with nutty notes.  The Wilson special is sitting in the fridge until later but if the chicken/falafel platters that I saw coming out while I was there are any indication, I won't have disappoint.  
Fresh food at reasonable prices.  If you're complaining about a lack of A/C or the staff's "attitude' (the latter of which I didn't experience at all) then you're paying attention to the wrong details.  Will be returning.Love it.  Love it, love it, love it, love it, love it.  I'll give them a human 97% success rate-- once out of the 30+ times I've eaten there I had a dry falafel with not-so-good pita, but it's almost always absolutely excellent. 
My one recommendation would be to explore the menu-- there are a ton of different ways to have your falafel.  As you go through the menu, you can find a number of interesting combinations. 
Three last points on Bitar's:  (1) They do better with the pickled vegetables they put in the sandwiches than any of the other local joints I've seen.  The genius of grilling the falafel patties goes without saying.  (2) The halva is wonderful-- one of my favorite dessert treats.  Just don't think about it or ever look at nutritional information.  (3) Ajvar (pr: "eye-var").  Red peppers, eggplant, a little garlic and a little vinegar.  It's the best thing to spread on anything-- sandwiches, crackers, vegetables, pasta . . . I actually go through about a 16-ounce jar every two weeks.  I go with the mild and add my own spice.I've only tried the falafel sandwich, which tastes good, but was a bit dry.I was in the mood for a gyro/falafel type sandwich for lunch on a lazy Saturday so I decided to try this place for take-out on the recommendation of my fellow Yelpers.  Needless to say, I was not disappointed.  I went with a Wilson's sandwich, fries and an order of grape leaves.   The Wilson's sandwich is genius.   Why have two separate sandwiches of meat or falafel when you can combine them into one awesome one?  The sanwich came with grilled chicken, falafel, veggies, tzaiki sauce, olives, hummus and special hot sauce all wrapped in a homemade pita.   It was messy, but it was delicious.  The fries tasted good, but were soft and soggy probably due to the stryofoam container they were transported in during my walk home.   I could've done without them.  I was going to get a piece of pistachio baklava ($1.25) but only had 50 cents left to my name.  Next time you will be mine sweet baklava...
On a side-note, besides the "Wilson's", they also have a sandwich called the "Angelo Cataldi" which I guess is a salute to the venerable figure of Philly sports radio and such notable events like Wing Bowl.  Right on Bitar's, right on.
.This is our go-to place for pita.  If you want fresh wonderful pita at home or at a meal away from home, go to Bitars.  Yesterday, we needed to take something to a party, but wanted to take something that no one else would bring (the usual cookies  and cakes).  So, we stopped in at Bitars on our way out of the city, got pita, grape leaves, hummus and falafel.  What a great treat. The other guests were very happy with our selection.  I was most impressed with the falafel, which was not as dry as it is in some stores and restaurants.  Now we have a new go-to place for falafel.  Thanks to the Bitars!Order a falafel; sit on a stool to eat; Repeat.I'd heard so many rave reviews about Bitar's that I thought it was going to blow my mind. I ordered a falafel sandwich and waited, my mouth salivating. The first bite was devastating, but I was hungry so I finished the sandwich slowly with generous amounts of liquid to help it go down. So dry, so crumbly, so sad.
Falafel is best when it's fresh and warm and crispy on the outside. It shouldn't sit around waiting for someone to take pity on it. I would have gladly waited 5 or 10 minutes for it to come out fresh.
The people working there seemed nice. There's a small grocery selection, so I have a place not too far away that sells tahini when I need some. The pistachio baklava is otherworldly. So, I can't hate this place. I am just going to avoid that falafel from now on.Barely mediocre. There was absolutely no love in this food. And it showed.
I wanted Mamas Vegetarian but they closed 10 min before I had gotten there.
The Bitar's falafel is dry, crumbly and tasteless. Majorly majorly disappointing.
The gyro Greek salad was ok. I've made better myself and really should have this time. I'm sad.
I was just getting take out but the dark and gloomy ambiance and barely sanitary appearance made me think twice about even paying for and eating my meal. 
Maybe having grown up with access to the finest Greek and Mediterranean food outside of Greece/the Mediterranean has spoiled me, but I will NOT be back.
EPIC fail.There is a lot to love about Bitar's. 
A cute little sandwich/Mediterranean grocery shop tucked away right outside of the Italian Market, Bitar's has been an institution in the neighborhood for well over 20 years. 
Let's be honest here: South Philly is a mecca for a lot of different cuisines, but finding a good gyro isnt the easiest thing to do. Even Mazzo's which has my favorite hummus in the world, falls a little short. Bitar's however, is fabulous. Oh, I could just swoon for their fresh, tasty tzatziki sauce. I can feel it on my tongue now. The dancing combination of creamy yogurt, smooth dill and sweet mint is almost too much to bear. The lamb meat is so thin, cook perfectly. All piled high inside of a pita and stuffed into a handheld aluminum wrapper. 
Forget the overrated, over-indulged cheesesteak, Bitar's Greek gyro is a far superior sandwich within a stone's throw of those true South Philly dumps.Falafel is such a cool food.  It's one of those tastes that I crave at least once a week, but the falafel joints that crowd center city are either fake falafel (ie. maoz), or not good and too expensive (ie. Sahara Grill)  as compared to Bitar's on 10th and Federal.  
My favorite thing about this place (besides the price of $2.50 for a huge falafel sandwich) is that the falafel is grilled instead of fried making it not as heavy, greasy  and unhealthy as the fried variety.  
I love their falafel there so much i never order anything else off of the menu, although they do have an assortment of chicken, lamb, and beef pita sandwiches.
They also have a case of excellent filo deserts that all pretty much taste the same but are delicious and highly addictive. With prices ranging from 75 cents to $1.25 go for it!  My old standby is the pistachio baklava  .
If you plan to sit and eat, there are only 3 small bar-height tables, or some seats outside now that the weather is nicer.  Sometimes it can get a little smoky in there from the grill -- its only a few feet from the seating area.
Overall, delish - I love it and I'm glad to be so close!  The people who work there are very friendly as well.Yum!!! So glad I found this place. So cheap and such lovely staff. I'll defo be back.I just came from Bitar's with my husband for lunch today and I find their falafel is just blah! The falafel itself with my taste buds it was too dry for me. It doesn't have much flavor but with the tahini and baba ghonush it's pretty tasty. Would I go back there ...NO but I will buy their freshly baked pita bread and it's cheap!! 
I like their grocery and they have a variety of desserts to choose.Very unexpectedly good. Had the gyro platter.  And the walnut baklava was perfect - had the right blend of crispness and chewiness.I was really excited about ordering from Bitar's based on the mostly good reviews posted but the meal did not live up to expectations. I ordered the rice combo with chicken.  They give you plenty of food but the chicken was overcooked, the tahini had congealed on the chicken and the dressing for the cucumber salad was overpowering making it almost inedible. I will say the hummus and pita were quite good but everything else I could have skiped. Also, I wasn't the only one who wasn't enamored with the food as my mother also stated her meal want that good.Ordered a catered lunch for my office from Bitar's through ezcater.com. The order was supposed to arrive at 11:45 for a 12 o clock meeting. The order arrived almost 2 HOURS late after I'd already cancelled and been refunded for the order. When ezcater was trying to find out the ETA of the order for me (while I had a whole meeting full of hungry people) they relayed someone at Bitar's would scream at them that the food was on the way and then hang up the phone. Bitar's lack of transparency ended up causing a major headache for both parties, as I had to go out and get a different lunch for 20 people and Bitar's delivery driver had to return hundreds of dollars worth of food.*This review is for Bitar's market-side of groceries and prepared foods, not the lunch counter/sandwich side*
I never really appreciated proper Middle Eastern fare until I started dating a good-looking half-Lebanese fellow whose family members are all superior cooks -- coincidentally also named Bitar!
Though his mom's baba ganouj is tasty, even she admits it's not as good as Bitar's smoky, creamy eggplant mash.  Scooped up with their housemade pita and studded with bits of Bulgarian feta (so cheap at only $6/lb.), or rolled into a wrap with tons of arugula, their baba is one of the most satisfying vegetarian items in existence. 
Bitar's also prepares huge party trays of baba, hummous, grape leaves, tabbouleh salad, spanikopita and other hand-made edibles for catering purposes.  We also pick up grocery items like tahini, chickpeas and rice here at very competitive prices.I am happy to report that the owner contacted me to say that they are revamping the grocery area and will be glad to offer my preferred tahini again. That's service!Excellent food, great prices. The French fry medley is some of the best fries I have ever had. The Mediterranean platter is big enough for two and has lots of delicious variety.  Definitely recommend!I could basically copy/paste Jason F's review into the box I'm currently typing in. I too went to Bitar's in search of that perfect falafel sandwich. What did I find? Bland falafel balls overly drenched in hummus and tahini. Talk about a messy sandwich! I actually had to change my pants from all dripping that went down. 
I still look to Maoz as my favorite falafel sandwich. Perheps Bitar's can satisfy on the meat end of things? What say you Philadelphia?Quite simply, the middle eastern gyro with feta and tabouli is the best gyro I've ever had in my entire life and it takes every ounce of my being not to order it every time. Bonus points because the chef is always pleasant and you can tell he takes great pride in his cookie. Always have to get the pistachio baklava as wellI live far away from Bitar's in West Philadelphia, but I have to come here every so often because they have the best price on the best feta cheese.  They sell the Bulgarian kind in two- and three-pound lots for something like $6 a pound.  
Then I always pick up a bag of pita, which is baked fresh every day.
My favorite menu item is no longer there: it's a little snack called a bitza, which is a round flat bread grilled with little bits of tomato, cheese, and sumac on it.  The chicken sandwich is good though.
And if aliens landed and demanded that I bring them seven different varieties of mamool (Lebanese filled cookies) I would not know where else to go.
Update 2009-09-01: Went by there last Saturday.  Here are some other things they carry: Dried fava beans.  Tahini.  Fig marmalade.  Bulgur wheat in three different sizes.  Lebanese pastry.   Olives.
Update 2016-11-30: Bitar's is still great, but I don't visit as often as I used to because I'm not nearby and because I learned that Makkah Market in West Philadelphia is an equally good source of feta and pita.Geez!! This is the first restaurant I visited after me and my husband officially moved to south Philly, which is last Saturday!! It is a cute little family store which you know it is authentic right after you walk in. Based on some pictures shared by other Yelpers,I ordered Gyro Combo. It is very interesting that they mix beef and lamb together and make it flat. My favorite is their desert - baklava is always my favorite ;) I also tired Burma,the pistachio filling baklava. Yum yum! Definitelly will go back try other dishes on their menu next time since it is only 5 min walk from my house ! Another hidden gem found!!!Take Out / Eat In Food: Out of this Middle Eastern World. My husband has been gloating about this hole in the wall corner store for months as his new go to spot for middle eastern cuisine. Saturday was a snow day in the city. We banged out our grocery shopping on 9th street and were hangry for something hearty and healthy and FRESH! Boom! Bitars I never have compared any Lentil soup to my mama doos, don't tell, but yours was out of this world! Fresh, hearty and the aromatics heightened my senses. I love that the food is the starlight. Served on paper plates and bowls. And service. Service served with a grateful smile. The best.I can't believe I never reviewed Bitars. I've been going here for 30 plus years. It certainly has changed a lot and not so much in a way I like. When I first started they were the place to go for pita. I think the actual factory was next door. They had the best selection of middle eastern food products. Bread, olives, homemade labni , 5 kinds of feta including Bulgarian . They had all kinds of cool stuff, even pomegranate molasses ! But over the years they have become a restaurant. They still sell a few things I like but the restaurant is usually disappointing. I make better . I'm not kidding. Oh well.I love that there is a grocery side and a restaurant/take out side to the store.
Grocery side : delicious hummus, babaghanuj, tatziki, falafel, pita bread, olives, and baklava. Can't say I ever picked up something and didnt like it. All was obviously high quality and better than any junk you would pick up at your grocery store. 
Restaurant side: the bitizza is delicious! I usually get the greek which is feta, olives, tomatoes and onions on zaatar bread. Different but delicious. Kabobs and gyros were flavorful and delicious.This place is one of the best for great Greek food for low prices in the downtown area. Not only do they give you a load of food, but it's fresh and delicious. I went there today and ordered the vegetarian combo. For 8.95 I got a giant scoop of hummus, babaghannoush, two BAKED falafel (which I love that), grape leaves, and tabbouleh with salad. A warm pita comes on the side and it was all delicious. Though not the best hummus or babaghannoush I've had, it was all really good. This is one of those places which is a hidden gem, homey atmosphere, and friendly staff. HIGHLY recommended!It was good and fast delivery but the gyro had literally 2 slices of lamb and the onions had suffered from freezer burn. The upside, best tzatziki ever!!!A falafel that is not fried???  Yes!!
Super cheap - I think only 3 bucks for this sandwich and add baba topping it came to $4.  Great size portion and rather delicious!Quick stop for a gyro and every-so-satisfying! Small little place also turned into grocery store, so it doesn't have to be a sit-down place if you don't want to. Feel free to walk in and order deliciousness to-go.  I am not a big fan of red meat so I got the chicken, but my boyfriend got the lamb and he loved it. Definitely going back to try others on the menu!Bitars is nothing special on the inside and that is why I love it so much.  It is such a home feeling inside that is simple.
The gyro's are probably one of the best I have ever had in my life, but please don't tell my grandmother that.
The selection in their market is pretty awesome and their selection of pastry's are super and everything tastes great.I have been coming here for about 20 years and I have yet to be disappointed.  I frequent this establishment for lunch, at least once a month.  
Their decor leaves a bit to be desired, but for me it's all about the food.  Their Angelo Cataldi is a delicious mix of roasted pepper paste, perfectly marinated and grilled chicken, string cheese and lettuce.  A perfect go to wrap for lunch. The Chicken Kebob is incredible, The Gyros are great and they have incredible hummus.  
The fattouch salad is quickly becoming one of my favorite healthy lunch options.
I have tried just about everything on their menu and have yet to be disappointed.Bitar's is a great local middle eastern place.  It's half grocery store, half take-out place.  I usually stop by here and get a falafel but they got other things too.  Their falafel isn't deep fried like what I would normally expect.  Instead they just put it on the griddle until its crisp.  The result is a light, flavorful sandwich that will only set you back less than 3 bucks.  I haven't decided if I prefer Bitar's over Maoz.  Usually when I eat at Maoz, I end up stuffing myself silly on the salad bar.  At Bitar's you get your sandwich for a nice cheap price and eat a reasonable amount.  They're two different experiences.
The grocery store half of Bitar's is good too.  They sell all kinds of middle eastern foods, among such goods are fresh pitas, hummus, and some pastries.  Bitar's is a solid neighborhood establishment and I'm glad to have them right down the street.Great falafel Syrian/Lebanese style (as apposed to Israeli style)---rolled not pocketed, in other words. I never order anything but the falafel, but I find their balls are as crispy on the outside, as moist and delicious on the inside, as any I've tried. And they only run you, what is it, like $2, give or take 75 cents. There few lunches this good for so little.The original Lebanese market and eatery in Philly was Bitar's in South Philly.  I have heard this was the first place to sell falafels in all of Philadelphia.  Whether this is true of not, the good news is that their falafels are still very good.  I also tried one of their flatbread creations - punnily called a Bit-zza.  I liked it ok but It could have used a hot pepper sauce or some harissa which I didn't see anywhere.  The French fries dipped in their tahini sauce were more to my liking.  The market isn't offering as many products as I heard they once did but that's almost surely the result of the ubiquitousness of ethnic offerings in markets across the region. Even so, Bitar's is a Philly tradition and a major falafel destination.Bitar's was there long before ethnic became main stream.  They are the real deal and nice people.  Their gyros, hummus, falafel, stuffed grape leaves, outstanding pita and authentic dried and jarred Middle Eastern ingredients with your choice of several fetas, Greek, French, domestic etc.  A gem!WOAH. Favorite place in the neighborhood. You will freak out over their soft pita, perfectly seasoned falafel, hummus, and baba ghanoush. Their food is very affordable and make sure you leave with a tub of their hummus.
Weekly bummer: closed on Sundays.I've been to Bitar's a couple times and find the food from the restaurant side to be pretty good. Not the best middle eastern food around but pretty decent. The grocery side is small but definitely covers all your basic middle eastern food needs and everything I've purchased from there has been outstanding. I especially love their pita bread. It's probably the best pita that I've purchased from a "grocery" store and will definitely be back if only to buy some of that. 
So I would definitely rate this place four stars if not for the fact that the employees are rather rude. They seem pretty bothered to serve you or god forbid you have a question about something. Particularly the guy at the grill cooking the food. Not the end of the world though. If you're in the area, stop in but I wouldn't go too far out of my way... except to pick up some of those pitas. The pita's are dirt cheap too, so pick up at least two bags while you're there.
Update: After going there a few times I wouldn't say that all the employees are rude. The grill guy couldn't care less every time I've been there but what else is new? The register lady named Delia often seems kinda distracted but this last time we had a nice little conversation and she told me how they would ship pitas or whatever I want right to my door cause I come all the way from the suburbs. It was nice and makes me feel a little better about coming back.I just "discovered" Bitars after trying out some stuffed grape leaves of theirs at an art opening a while back and was sold. Bitars serves up yummy Greek/Meditteranean food at very cheap prices. The chicken kabob sandwich is my favorite and the hummus allllllmost tastes like my favorite hummus from a place called Kassab's back when I lived in Pittsburgh. Believe me, I have been searching far and wide for hummus that tasty since I moved here and Bitar's is a great substitute. My only complaint is that they tend to mess up orders, so if you get take out be sure to check your order before you leave the restaurant.Great selection of grocery items and the food is amazing! I would recommend their za'atar​ bread.As far as Middle Eastern-Lebanese cuisine goes, felafel is simply not the only thing on a menu, it's minor yet people hinge their impressions on a place based on that one food thing.  That one thing which is usually the only thing they will ever try in a place.  Too bad for them.
The baba ganoush and hummus are terrific.  Best baba ganoush I've ever had, actually.  
They have a nice selection of pita breads, spices, deserts and a limited but perfect cheese and olive selection.  There are three types of feta cheese - the Greek which is kind of harder, the Bulgarian which is crumbly yet creamy and the French which is creamy.  All three brands they carry are excellent.
The lamb platters and sandwiches are perfect - loaded with sauces and good stuff.  
All-in-all, it is a fine place deserving of good and great reviews.  
If all you've ever tried is felafel then maybe its time venture to other dishes.