I really like the food of Black and Brew. I hardly eat out because I hate the taste of restaurant food (I know I am kind of very picky about what food I am eating) however, as my life is getting busier, I could not be able keep up with the cooking but I still need to eat. I found the place as I went to my friend house. I make an order the first time on Caviar. The description seems to be very nice and tasty. It is nice that they have vegan and gluten free option. I ordered 1 burritos and 1 breakfast sandwich. The burrito is blown my mind. It is very tasty, and I love the ingredient because they are all blending well together. On the other side, I don't like the breakfast sandwich. I don't like this one. It is nothing special, because I opted for vegetarian option so no meat for me. All i got was a plain bagel with plain scramble egg. For the price of $7, i think I can make it much better at home. I made a second order today for 2 burritos, and I loved it as well as my coworker. We are very satisfied with the burrito
The food was hot when it arrived.Best breakfast burrito in Philly! I cannot get enough of it. I eat here at least once a week and have never had anything else for breakfast. Its that good. Seriously. (If you like a little kick, order it with sriracha in it).My husband and I ordered 2 similar sandwiches to go with different sides. He started eating first and thought the food tasted really weird. Turns out they mixed up the sides leading to my husband, a vegetarian for 15 years, eating most of a turkey sandwich. I called to tell them about the mix up. The guy who answered barely apologized while saying it was our fault for not looking into the sandwiches first. Very rude and disappointing.The Breakfast Burrito is baller! scrambled eggs, cheddar, black beans, salsa, sour cream and GUACAMOLE! It could be a bit bigger for the price ($6.75) HOWEVER the quality is great and the relaxed, friendly atmosphere is worth the price. It's also a bit quieter than B2, which is nice if you need that for studying. All in all, great QUALITY food & coffee, credit cards accepted, and free WIFI, and most importantly friendly, chill and clean environment.I give this corner cafe 5 stars for excellent,  friendly service,  &  the most diverse & inclusive breakfast menu around. As a former pescatarian,  turned vegan, turned conscientious,  Paleo locavore, I can mix & match anything on this menu to accommodate my needs AND it's delicious & reasonably priced. Colleen, an owner,  is lovely & friendly,  & will remember your face if not your regular order.This place is super cute. I come by here every few weeks for a hearty breakfast. The DeeLux is my go to: 2 pancakes, home fries, 2 eggs and meat of your choice for less than $13. Coffee is pretty solid and it's endless refills! 
The guy behind the counter (David?) Is a riot and always friendly. 
Food is deffinitley not quite as good on Saturday brunch time, which makes sense since they get PACKED. Space is a little tight so be prepared to say excuse me a few times.This place defines South Philadelphia for me personally. When I first moved around the corner (my first apartment in Philadelphia) I was probably here every day. It's such a cozy, funky, warm place for a GREAT cup of coffee and some absolutely bangin' breakfast/brunch food. When Green Eggs down the street had a million hour wait for me and some out of town friends, we decided to squeeze in here for brunch and it was a great decision - everyone loved it. This place will always be very dear to me!My first visit here, the counter guy was kind of meh, and not so friendly. However the pumpkin soy latte (in November!) was so delicious, I decided I needed to come back again sometime.
So I went in and ordered a bigger pumpkin soy latte (in DECEMBER!) and the counter girl was super social and nice. 
I'm also amazed at the food selection that they have, though I've never tried it.
I can't give 5 stars because there is absolutely no way I could get a stroller in there, and that's a little stressful when I have a baby in tow.This is a review for take-out only.
I came in here a few mornings ago when I knew I needed coffee/water to make it the three more blocks to the subway. The space is small but cozy and the staff I encountered was super friendly and the service was fast and efficient.
My coffee was reasonably priced and strong. There was an upcharge for soymilk which was unexpected because I have been going to grindcore alot lately. I ordered an egg and cheese on an english muffin which was cooked quickly and tasted a whole lot better than the rank dunkin donuts near my work.
I will be stopping by again on my morning commute. They have a free water pitcher which was a nice touch, I like to hydrate before downing caffeine.Best coffee off Passyunk. I always drink my coffee black and have tried ages places along passyunk, businesses I won't name, but usually I get burnt tasting coffee or just not strong enough. Black and Brew serve the La Colombe and have never left unsatisfied.Wonderful neighborhood spot! Had the "short stack" (2) whole wheat pancakes with chocolate chips. Great flavor, and you won't feel like a boulder has been lodged in your stomach after consuming. The service was very friendly and personable, and the restroom immaculate...always a plus after coffee!!East Passyunk, you've come a long way in the eight or so years that I strolled around your storefronts.
Wedged between two fairly impoverished areas, this corner of South Philly still has a great old school Italo-greaser vibe, best evidenced in the sign for the soon-to-be-defunct King of Jeans down the street.  But the bourgeois bohemians leave nothing in their wake, so the Italian mom-and-pops that don't close will simply adapt with the times and start going upscale (and probably make a killing for the people who came to the nabe seeking something authentic, all the while squelching it through the higher rental rates that they command).
Enough of that though.  Black N Brew is about as typical for this neighborhood as you get.  Chalkboard menu on three walls that's hard to follow but has lots of great options which are only really creative if you've never visited one of Black N Brew's doppelgangers in other East Coast Cities.  Just because it's not unique doesn't make it bad--my burrito was decent enough.  The iced tea, which was awful enough to make my friend and I question if the leaves had spoiled, was promptly replaced by the good stuff...but it does make me wonder since we got there late in the morning.  Did no one else notice, or did they think a conventional iced tea is supposed to taste that way?
You go to a place like this for the ambiance, which, in a transitional neighborhood like East Passyunk, makes for great people watching for the patrons of the restaurant, or in the outdoor deuces for dog-walkers, bike messengers, eternal grad students, yuppies with baby strollers (and their sights on the suburbs), and yes, even the occasional aging Guido.Expected more from the reviews... 
Was looking forward to the breakfast burrito with guac, but it was bland and more like a wrap... Too much egg and very little of everything else: beans, salsa, cheese, and guac... Had turkey sausage added to breakfast burrito... Expensive addition and didn't make it better... 
Coffee fine... Nothing extraordinary... 
No potatoes or sides with my burrito!! 
I guess, this cafe would be good for people who live close who just want coffee... And maybe a little extra if they haven't eaten. I would say this is more of a coffee shop than restaurant or brunch place. 
Prob won't be back... 
I'm in West Philly, so it's not very close. And there are tons of brunch places and coffee shops better and closer! 
Parking wasn't bad, but suspect it would be harder to find parking past 10am... 
Would be a convenient place for locals... 
I was left pretty unsatisfied and disappointed. Bleh.Definitely loved this place on first visit, with a menu that understands that not everyone wants starch and sugar as their main course. I began a diet before I moved to the area, so I am hesitant to go to restaurants. But Black & Brew passed muster and is now my go-to for daytime eating. There are enough choices for me to have a modest meal, but not regret it afterward. They have a "paleo" breakfast hash, which is a genius menu choice. 
The place is pretty small, but so far I haven't dealt with waiting or lines. You order at the register for take out or have a server bring the meal to you. The wait for table food didn't seem long. And the service was friendly and put me at ease.Had the DeeLux: 2 whole wheat pancakes, 2 eggs and 2 bacon slices. Eggs were very good. Also go tthe Hummus wrap. Healthy options on the menu.
Cute little place. The menus are on the walls, breakfast on one wall and lunch on the other. No waitress service. You order at the reister and stake a claim on a table. Some tables have menus under the glass and others don't. Little awkward if you've never been here before, like, OK what am I supposed to do here? Not a lot of room to maneuver. Wouldn't bring a group here.  
Tea was Yorkshire. Gotta give them props for that. Latte was good. Good neighborhood choice but not worth making a trip for.Really friendly staff. The guy who waited on me described the ginger beer letting me know "it's very ginger-y" which was nice to get the heads up. 
Seems like they are very passionate about their food and drinks.This is a great hangover spot where I've never been disappointed. The menu is surprisingly large for such a tiny place, and everything I've had is good. Plenty of vegetarian choices. There is something about the pancakes here that is unique and delicious, I love them and have probably ordered them every time I've been here. 
The atmosphere is comfortable with cute decor. It can be a bit cramped inside, but that's South Philly coffee shops for you in general. I typically opt for the outdoor seating if available, it's really lovely on sunny days. 
The service is quick, efficient, and friendly. Overall, great spot!I've only been here once, and that was to get an iced chai latte. It was decent -- I mean, I have yet to find a place with REALLY tasty chai. I was more impressed with how friendly the barista (owner?) was. She and I chatted about Reading (where I grew up), and when some guy came in asking for water for his dog she was nice enough to give him a cup. I'd gotten so used to all the angry Philadelphians 'round here that I'd forgotten how pleasant people can be.I want to like this place, but after a couple tries, I still don't.
Pros: good sized menu. The breakfast bagel sandwich I got once wasn't bad.
Cons: The coffee is bad. I've tried the drip coffee and it tastes like water. I've also tried the lattes and they taste like water with some milk in it (I wouldn't even pay the $2 happy hour price, it was so bad) . The staff, while not rude, is not friendly and none of them seem to want to be there or want your business. I have yet to see one staff member smile at a customer.Amazing Blueberry French Toast.  The guy at the counter always has a smile on his face and is super nice.  Best breakfast nook/luncheonette on Passayunk.Perfect neighborhood cafe!  They have delicious coffee in appropriate sizes and for delightful prices.  A full breakfast, brunch and lunch menu every day including MANY vegan and vegetarian options.  It's a small space but they make good use of the space and there is outdoor seating as well as Passyunk Square seating just a few steps away.  The women who are always working the counter (I think the owners?) are both really nice and helpful, even when they are super busy.I go as much as possible. Mostly breakfast. All the meals are yummy. Great service. Great personalites of the people who work there.
Always makes my morning.
Great SMOOTHIES and ChaiThis place is always packed on the weekends, but well worth the wait.  They have rotating specials that I usually end up getting.  The breakfast burrito is also delicious.  They serve La Colombe Coffee and that's the best coffee in Philadelphia.
My only complaint is that once I ordered a Nutella Mocha and they used Davinci Hazelnut syrup and not very impressive chocolate.  If you're gonna name something after Nutella it damn well better taste like nutella.  I understand mixing in Nutella into a drink might be weird, but at least use a very high quality  chocolate (preferably milk chocolate, since that's what Nutella is made of).
That being said, the coffee and food is awesome!!This is my favorite go to place for brunch!! I love how they open early compared to other shops! I call ahead to pick up my food and they always have it ready! It's a 6-8 minute walk for me because I live around Passyunk Ave. Anyways their home fries are my favorite, BLT is heavenly, Coffee is always made well, they always have baked goods, and their menu options are amazing. Their staff is always happy to welcome you and take your order. Do wish they would stay open pass 5 though.  :(: overall the best.Breakfast can be this great really????? A+++++One of my favorite coffee shops. Great service, friendly, not too hipster or pretentious and great coffee. Menu is pretty solid too, can get breakfast pretty much any time. We love sitting outside but sometimes we sit in as well. Only downside is that it closes at 5pm and sometimes I don't make it in time!This is one of my favorite coffee shops in Passyunk. The staff is incredibly friendly. You order at the counter and they will bring food to your table. For lunch, I love the turkey and goat or the spicy turkey panini... both are delicious, fresh ingredients and timely service.Black n Brew is one of my favorite neighborhood brunch spots.  There's always and excellent selection of food (LOVE the specialty french toast) at a very fair price.  The coffee is nice and strong, the staff always attentive and the atmosphere always warm.  Give it a try!Well I pass this place most every day and it's so nice to see a place with outdoor seating especially this time of year.  I've actually never tried the food and maybe that makes me a bad reviewer but their coffee is scrumptious. I know it doesn't take a genius to make iced coffee but every time and I do mean every time I have gotten iced coffee here it was more than perfect. Not too much ice, sweetened perfectly, and room for a bit of cream.My brother and his girlfriend took me here for breakfast when I was in town visiting. I got their breakfast BLT and it was delicious! The potatoes it came with were outstanding along with their iced tea. Perfect amount of food for a reasonable price. Will definitely go back.Have been going here since they opened years ago and am never disappointed! Friendly staff, yummy, fresh food and always hot coffee. Love this place if you can't tell!came here on a stressful morning after a bridal fitting (not mine)...and it was perfect! a laid back cafe with generous coffee servings and the best brunch around. order the butterscotch pancakes or toasted banana bread - they're unbelievable. plus, the cafe is doggie friendly.I love this place. It has a funky atmosphere, decent and original food for vegetarians (like me), and reasonable pricing, with "happy hour" coffee discounts.  I stop in just about every time I am on the avenue.I went in 10 minutes before they close for a steamer and they wouldn't make me a steamer or anything decaf for me (I'm pregnant) because they had already cleaned the machine. They couldn't wait 10 minutes to clean the machine?? I find that really unprofessional. I went right down to B2 and got a great steamer. 
Update:
One of the owners contacted me and made it right and I really appreciate it. Thanks black and brew for caring about the community. Docked one star for the one bad experience but all others have been good. Thanks again!Super friendly staff and if you don't love the owners it's a reflection on you, not them!  Best breakfast on East P-yunk, delicious coffee and best of all, even though the inside is a tad cramped, you are welcome as long as they are open and they have music playing at a reasonable level that is appropriate for a place where people meet to socialize. Other place for coffee in the immediate area that shall remain nameless has equally good coffee and more room, but a staff that is luke-warm at best who often times plays garbage that is so bad you can see curious looks on other patrons faces as they search desperately for some earbuds. 
     I highly recommend the breakfast burritos, but only if a breakfast BLT with a fried egg on it sounds unappealing because that damned sandwich is the type of thing that makes Philadelphia and USA as a whole great!I am an early morning riser and being new to this neighborhood and fresh out of Nespresso I was scouring the block at 7am for an open coffee house. Score! This place is so cute and quaint & serve up a fierce breakfast menu to boot! Got myself an iced coffee red eye (made with my favorite bean - La Columbine). Couldn't resist trying out a bite to eat and went for the breakfast burrito. Everything inside that wrap was fresh and hot & reminded me of the burritos I used to eat at Bonnaroo music festival. Great little corner shop that will be a staple for this girlNice place to sit down and relax on weekdays. I enjoy the outdoor sitting over the summer. I don't recommend to go on the weekends, (crowded) but everything on their menu it's worth the wait.I absolutely love everything about Black & Brew. It is the perfect place to get some work done when you need a change of scenery from your home office and the staff are always warm and welcoming. The food is fresh and delicious and the prices are gentle on my wallet. The offer free Wi-Fi (hence the home-away-from-home office) and bottomless mugs of coffee for $2.50!
Whether it's breakfast, lunch, or a snack on the go--Black and Brew is one of my favorite East Passyunk establishments!We had breakfast there this past weekend.  I ordered the standard with veggie sausage and toast.  The potatoes were great (which is rare at most placed - either undercooked or burnt, but at B&B they were perfect.  My eggs were done exactly the way I like them.  Over but not too runny.  So many places never get them the way I like them but B&B did them perfectly as well.  The coffee was great. Sriracha on the table is a plus but no jam for the toast, (wish I had asked but the line was huge).  Word of warning,  it is crowded over the weekends but after you eat there you will see why.  Rapidly joining the top places for breakfast in the city!A great place to chill. Their breakfasts are fresh. They have great choices for lunch as well. Awesomely friendly staff!I've been here millions of times and they're never let me down. All the food has been great, the coffee is fantastic, and staff is very nice. This shop is great. I would say that it is on the louder side for a coffee shop... I'm not sure I'd want to bring my laptop and work there unless it was off hours.I miss you black and brew! i used to come here EVERYDAY before i opened my own business - now no time. :(  The coffee and staff are fabulous! i don't even have to order, they know what i want when i walk in - just how a neighborhood place should be. they even have treats for my dog! fun, friendly and good eats. :) my favorite is sitting outside in the summer with an iced hazelnut latte, a breakfast sandwich (everything bagel, sausage, egg & cheddar!) and my dog. ah - i can't wait! :)This coffee shop/ restaurant is an amazing place to come to eat and have good coffee. They have a variety of options for people with dietary needs and its freshly made! Also the people who work there are awesome and friendly! I recommend the paleo lovers breakfast, health nut smoothy, Popeyes breakfast burrito, and the cold brewed coffee. Honestly anything on the menu you get you will be happy with!Local quick spot to grab la colmbe coffee and pretty good food. I had the veggie omelette with turkey sausage. It was ok but somewhat runny and the sausage was obviously from a package. The service was nice though and simple, cheery decor.Some weekend mornings we go to black and brew instead of Chhaya because it's closer to us. I always regret it. 
The bagels are fine. They taste like grocery store bagels which is better than no bagel. But they are absolutely not worth the trash service. 
The wait is always excessive, even when they're not busy. On multiple occasions we have picked up bagels to bring home only to discover we were given the wrong bagels. Usually we just let it go, but today I called to see if we could swap it out. First time I called the line went dead. Each time I called back the line was busy. 
When I finally got through I told the person at the end of the line about the mistake. "Well do you want to come and swap it?" I mean, not really, but that's the best option. 
Sure enough when my partner gets there (even though I called ahead) he has to wait! For a bagel! No apologies, nothing about the inconvenience. 
Save yourself the headache and just go eat delicious food with the nice people at chhaya.I decided to brunch today and went to Black N Brew for a bite to eat.  I'd never eaten there before, but have stopped in for their coffee, which is serviceable when needed.  I ordered the breakfast burrito with a side of sausage and was promptly greeted with one of the worst breakfast's I have ever eaten.  The consistency of all the ingredients was exactly the same, and the flavors unintelligible from one another.  I was unsure what I was eating, and the whole thing, if not doused in hot sauce, ended up tasting something like gruel wrapped in a flavorless tortilla.  The sausage was cold and lackluster.  For the $10 I payed, the portion was appropriate.  I am so disappointed.I ate brunch here the other day, and the overall experience was mediocre at best. 
I do understand this place is pretty popular, but the seating was inadequate (two tables in the whole restaurant that could seat more than 1 or 2 people). My part of three ended up standing for a while, sort of hovering over another table while the finished. 
The menu had a lot of great-looking options - from french toast, to omelets and burritos, to sandwiches, paninis, and salads. It was hard to make up my mind. Not to mention, the coffee drinks all looked super yummy. My friend had a Pumpkin Americano which was made with not 1, not 2, but 3 espresso shots! Wowzers. 
I chose the "veggie burger wrap" which ended up being more like a mushy bean burrito and nothing like a veggie burger. There were black beans and chunks of pickle in this mess, and it was rather unappetizing to look at. I even asked one of the servers if this was actually what it should look like, and she confirmed that this was what the "veggie burger wrap" was. (Maybe the one who took my order could've warned me that this was not, in fact, at all, a burger?) I did eat it, but I wouldn't say I really enjoyed it. Oh, and it came with a pretty weak day-old salad which was nothing but romaine and balsamic dressing. 
I'm giving this place a 3-star, because I do have confidence that my experience was a stand-alone poor meal. My friends' brunch looked really good, and the other items I saw come out of the kitchen looked scrumptious, as well.We just received our order from here. We had omelets, potatoes, and toast/english muffins. Both omelets were way over cooked and bland. The potatoes were mediocre. Had we not been so hungry, we would have contacted them and asked for new orders. It's also pretty sad that when they send your meal that includes toast, they don't even consider sending any kind of jam. Although, they did butter the hell out of the toast...I didn't even ask for that, and I guess wrongfully assumed they would have put butter on the side...along with jam.
Won't be ordering from here again.The folks here are super nice, but I can't in good conscience give more than 2 stars to a coffee shop that sells (bad) "cold brew" in a bottle that just plain tastes burnt.  I was here months ago and the house cold brew was pretty good.  Sad to say it's no longer the case.  I also had a wrap that was called a mushroom sandwich but had very few mushrooms on it.This is one of my favorite brunch places! They have great vegetarian options, the service is fast and friendly, and it's affordable.With people like Colleen D opening up great quality stores like this it's our duty to support local businesses to keep them open.Best coffee I've ever had, and the have great breakfast. The environment is small and cozy. I envy those that live in close proximity to this place. If I had the option Id go here everyday. I'd love to try out their pancakes so that's next on my list.Came here for breakfast and were delighted at the vegan options to choose from. We both ordered the vegan hash, which was a very healthy and big serving of different beans, some root vegetables, and nice bread. Very reasonably priced. You order up at the front and the food comes outs fast. Very much recommended.what happened!!?!?! i used to come to this place a lot about a year ago. a charming, seemingly all-girl run cafe, with great drinks and decently priced average/ consistent breakfast and lunch food. Last week, I went in and waited about 20 minutes to get a coffee... A COFFEE! Now I  have worked in several coffee shops and I know that sometimes there is a line and only a few people working, but this just seemed really inefficient. 
two weeks before this, my boyfriend and I went in to get some breakfast and sit at the bar.  the service was super friendly (that's one thing that's consistent), but then our food came out...   
I wouldn't feed that stuff to my dog.  the breakfast burrito had almost no eggs in it and was virtually all sourcream and some cheddar cheese and salsa.  that's it no beans, no guac. disgusting.  my boyfriend's meal was equally grotesque- a signature omelet, with a HUGE chunk of goat cheese stuck right in the middle. the eggs were fakely yellow, and the tomatoes were slimy and brownish in color. 
and now, prices have been raised yet again.  its sad to see that a place with a lot of potential just isn't worth eating at or waiting in line for 15-20 minutes to grab a coffee on the way to work.Black n brew is one of my favorite coffee and breakfast spots. I used to stop on a weekly basis but my schedule doesn't allow for it anymore. 
The two owners are super nice women who are very appreciative for the business.
They use metropolitan bakery bread(my favorite in the city) and la columbe coffee(some of my favorite coffee in the city). Honestly, that would be enough for me. Throw in free wi-fi, free refills on your coffee, and awesome food(try the black n brew cakes. They are almost like a Swedish pancake served with a yummy butterscotch sauce).
Oh they are also very kid and doggie friendly.Good coffee, really good food, and my dog is allowed to come in and jealously watch as I eat breakfast. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of 5 is because there is a woman who works there who seems less than happy to be serving people. I don't know if she's the cook or what but she can't seem to muster up a smile and when I thank her for bringing me whatever it is she brings me, she doesn't say "you're welcome." She just skulks away. She seems put out by even small requests (for instance, a request for "more ice, please?" was met with a cold stare - and then she got me more ice).  I don't know if she's unhappy or just too cool to smile, but she sometimes brings me down, so I say "Cheer up, Sister!" cuz you're turning a 5 star coffee shop into a 4.This is my favorite coffee shop in the neighborhood. Great coffee, delicious food and super friendly staff. Service is quick, even on a busy Saturday morning. The outdoor seating is great on nice days.. Street trees create some shade on sunny, hot days. 
They are also a baby friendly spot which is another added bonus. They have high chairs and there have been times when my hands were full from holding my son and the staff offered to fix my coffee! And that's why they're my favorite coffee spot in South Philly.The food is ok , the place is just ok , the service is friendly and kind . But it needs a major clean up . It looks sloppy and dirtyI loveeee this place. It is a very nice relaxing environment where you can sit and get some work done, read or just simply relax to the music. Staff is super helpful and very friendly. Most importantly the food is excellent and so are there lattes! I'm a vegan and they have many vegan as well as meat options! Delicious vegan baked goods as well. I come here very often and just love it!One of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant. The ordered a chicken and Swiss panini with German potato salad, it had no taste and I also ordered a draught latte and it was almost purely foam. By time it settled I was already on my way back to work and realized I'd only gotten a third of my drink. Waste of my money and my time. Never go here unless u want to be ripped off and eat garbage.Lady at the counter is exceedingly friendly.  Breakfast quesadilla with veggie sausage hit the spot and a drab morning.  Jazz playing over the speaker.  Great spot to watch the cars and people outside and enjoy the south philly accents.So good- coffee drinks are not too sweet and the food is always fresh and delicious. Get the chai tea latte, it is my fav. When you come, sit outside if it is nice. It is across the street from a cool plant store in a converted warehouse. And, if you drive and find yourself cursing more than usual to find a spot, park in the Acme parking lot down the street, no one will know (shhh I did not tell you this, and you're welcome)Cutest cafe in South Philly. I've been coming here for years and can't believe I've not written a review yet. I love the vibe, food, and service from this hipster spot right on Passyunk Ave. On my most recent visit this week I got the breakfast burrito and home fries. It was perfectly flavored and perfectly filling. My husband had the paleo hash and La Colombe coffee on tap and loved everything as well. If you are in So Philly and looking for a cool and relaxed place to eat, this is your spot. Bonus - they have outdoor seating in the warmer months.After starting out my brunch trip to Black and Brew with a great latte, I was disappointed with the food. I opted for the vegan hash, which was less so a hash and more of a soup. It has large cubes of tofu with a veggie "chili," that was primarily potato, beans, and liquid. The guacamole on top was good, but I wish there was more of it. And though my "toast" was high quality bread, it wasn't toasted in the slightest. 
I probably won't be back from brunch, but there are a lot of wraps and sandwiches that sound pretty great on their menu and will swing by and try one out in the future.Black & Brew is a warm and inviting coffee shop with lots of great natural light. The barista at the counter was so friendly and made a good cafe au lait. This was a wonderful spot to read a book on a lazy afternoon and would be a great place to catch-up with a friend.Even though Black n Brew is literally a 3 minute walk from my house I have been meaning to go there for over 3 months.  Me and a girlfriend went in this morning and grabbed a cup of coffee and a bagel and sat and chatted for a good two hours (it was pretty empty).
The bagel was wonderful and they brew La Colombe coffee which is so yummy.  We were allowed free refills (!) and we felt comfortable to sit and relax which is what a good coffee shop allows you to do.it's small, 
it's pretty reasonably priced, 
it has amazing homemade veggie cream cheese, 
it has plenty of veggie friendly options as well as meaty ones, 
it's filled with cute little pieces of art, 
it has outdoor seating for those times of the year you want to be outside, 
it doesn't allow pets, 
it's an overall pretty neat spot.Yes, the breakfast burrito with bacon is expensive at $9 - but to me, it's worth it.  My fiance and I each get one every Saturday - they are that good!
We also get the peanut butter banana smoothie pretty regularly - sucks that's it's different every time, depending on who is making it. 
Overall a great neighborhood spot!Service is fast, friendly, and food options are great. I hear it's byob now which is a nice addition. Breakfast blt is delicious.If I remember correctly, they have a little corner of the shop laced with toys.  Hurray!  My five year old will be occupied for at least 15 minutes.Stopped by on a hot day to get an iced coffee. My first impression was very positive. The place looked cool and was very clean. Barista was nice and my coffee was delicious.pros:  I enjoy both the drinks and the food, The outside seating is great for me to bring my 2 dogs.
cons: they never put out water for dogs, and the waitresses are AWFUL 80% of the time. 
If you're going to put out bowls for dogs, put water in them and please get your staff to stop wearing sweat pants to work. My 3 stars are for food and drinks.I am only making this review based on the coffee/staff. I did not try any food.
I understand this coffee shop is in the Passyunk Square hipster neighborhood, but I was really turned off by the unfriendly staff. I was waiting at the counter ready to order for a good two minutes, making eye contact with the barista in the interim. The barista was chatting with a friend who was sitting at the counter. I finally ordered, excited that the coffee brewed is La Colombe. Unfortunately, my coffee tasted like it was brewed about 3 hours prior.
However, what I like about Black n Brew is the outside seating and the face you can't move the tables, which is nice for those times when people hog all the tables :)Pancakes were good. Eggs were ehh. I don't know if I'll come here famished ever again, but it was cheap and seems like an ok place to hang out.Came here for brunch while on vacation; my fiancé and I both had the apple pie french toast and it was really good. Great atmosphere, and very friendly staff. Would definitely recommend and revisit in the future.Theres nothing bad about black and brew. Their service is so friendly, their food is awesome and coffee is fresh and hot! My boyfriend and I love their yogurt fruit and granola bowl and their variety of wraps, pancakes, and lunch sandwiches can accommodate anyone's dietary needs. Vegetarian, vegan, omnivore. They have you covered. Get something quick to go or sit for a bit. Either way, get here!I've returned twice to black and brew, after being invited back in by the owner to give the food another shot. The first time we just got breakfast sandwiches. The next time, we got breakfast sandwiches, French toast and a side of potatoes. I thought since the sandwiches tend to be on the bland side, I'd ask for buttered bagels this time, since the bread will come dry unless you specify otherwise.. Unfortunately, they didn't arrive buttered, so I asked for some, for both sandwich and French toast, and also salted everything a bit too. It made all the difference. I'm not really much of a salt fiend, but most food needs some. Perhaps they're trying to be conscientious about added salt. Just bear it in mind. The French toast was prepared well otherwise, and so was the generous portion of potatoes. Everything just needed to be dialed up a notch to be tastier. For a counter service cafe with good options and local sourcing, it's still a solid bet.This is a great addition to the neighborhood.  The vibe at the place is awesome; it feels really cozy and the staff is great.  The coffee is good.
But as Jon L said, this is as much of a dining establishment as it is a coffeeshop.  They have a full kitchen in the back and do an excellent breakfast.  The menu is simple, but they have weekly specials to keep things interesting.  If you're sick of waiting 45 minutes to get into brunch at some of the well known places, check this place out.Popped in here one morning to wait out a storm and traffic congestion.  Great selection of home made food, lovely coffees, friendly staff, lovely atmosphere and wireless.  What more can you ask for.....What would appear to be a cute, quaint little coffee shop and cafe, (run by all girls???) was quite a roller coaster of an experience for me last week.  I went in hoping to find some cheap breakfast on-the-go.  I had heard some good things from friends who live on Passyunk, so I figured I'd try it out. I wound up paying 12 dollars or something like that and walking out with all sorts of baked goods and bagels and things I didn't need. (Apparently there's a 10 dollar credit card minimum, so come prepared with cash).  My 12 ounce oatmeal cost like 5 dollars because I wanted to add some raisins and brown sugar to it.  A chocolate chip muffin cost me somewhere near 3 dollars, and I hoped that would be the saving grace, after the oatmeal which was cold and clumpy was promptly discarded in the trash.  It wasn't.  It tasted like the inside of a cardboard box.  Luckily, the smoothie was delicious... (I think I got the berry mix or something like that.)  Idk, perhaps their cooked breakfasts are better than the stuff they have up front.
The only other strange thing was I saw a girl who I'm pretty sure was an employee, as she had been standing behind the counter, walk out crying.  To whoever that barista/girl is: I hope you're feeling better.