This was my first time eating sushi. My daughter suggested Bleu, 
and let me say that I really enjoyed the food, service and ambiance. I can't wait to go back for more.Living in Miami I have had alot of Sushi in my life but when you stumble upon a place this good it's a rare treat and in the middle of Philly! The owner came out and spoke with us for a bit. He's from Indonesia and was great to talk to. It's obvious he takes alot of pride in his restaurant and you can see it in the way the staff interacted with us and him. Everything we ordered was outstanding and the yellowtail tasted like it just came out of the ocean...highly recommend this place if your in the area..Ordered sushi rolls: Market, UPenn, and Jefferson rolls. Sushi rolls were great! 
I also ordered the Kimchi chicken fries (a MUST ORDER) theses were hands down my fav! It's sweet and cheesy (wiz cheese) not so spicy like your typical kimchi. The chicken was well marinated. They have a lunch special on it were it's $4.95 Monday- Friday. 
Service was great. I had asked about the kimchi fries and she highly recommended it and described the taste well. They also give you a complimentary scoop of ice cream. 
Overall, great experience I will be going back and I highly recommend this place!Worst service I've ever had in my live took 30 mins to get our order 30 mins to get our food and 30 mins to get our check and 15 mins for them to process it. DO NOT COME HERE.I love Bleu Sushi !!! I've been there 3 time in the last 2 weeks. I don't even eat sushi (my Bf does) I love the edamame and chicken skewers. I could eat this everyday. I'm so happy I tried this place the service is fantastic and the place is so hip and clean. The best part I work a block away so now I am ordering take out.The service here is really good. I love all of the employees that I got to interact with. I didn't have a reservation, but they were super accomodating
The place is nice (really dark just fyi) and the sushi is pretty good. It's not the best I've had, but it's still good. I like that the menu isn't too crazy with lots of items as it makes it easier to focus on what they have to offer. 
I also tried the kimchee fries, which were good, but not as over the top amazing/wow/incredible as other reviewers have stated. I'd definitely come back to try out some other things on the menu!Great atmosphere, never too crowded and the sushi is really good. It's a nice trendy place, + BYO!! The rolls named after Philly streets/places are a nice touch. I've been here several times and will go back again.Came to this sushi corner after just ordering from here many times. if you're a french fry fiend, definitely and without a question get the kimchi fries. Highly recommend any of their speciality rolls that serve seafood. The Tenth Street is a great roll that is fried, but does not sacrafice the original texture of the seafood. I tried the Pine, which is a vegetarian speciality roll. It was pretty decent, but I could have had a standard vegetarian roll, and it would not have tasted any different to me. All the standard rolls come at a decent price with most being around 4-6 dollars. Overall, the decor of the place was really nice. There were folding chairs along one row of tables, which was questionable because the rest of the restaurant's ambiance indicated a classier vibe. But hey we came to eat and as far as sushi goes, this is a great spot to stop by!I am not sure why this place has so many good reviews. We decided to give this restaurant a second chance after a mediocre first experience, and again it was disappointing. 
The tempura while crispy, had an excess of breading, which was not tempura batter. 
One roll that we had was eel with avocado, which had more avocado than eel. The rice was soggy and borderline gross, like day old sushi from the cafeteria. 
The chicken teriyaki was edible, but the chicken was on the dry side and the sauce was thin. To make matters worse, the rice was hard and unappetizing. 
The kimchee fries were over-hyped, covered in a mixture of cheez-wiz, mayo, and a redish sauce. Served with bits of kim chee.
This confirmed our first impression that this place is just Meh. I am surprised it has so many good reviews. 2.5 starsNoope, I won't come back. Once again, the groupon deal was unable to save this reviewer from writing an honest review about mediocre sushi with abysmal services.
Must get: arch roll
Meh: bleu boat special, drexel roll, house salad, soft shell crabs
Missed out: hot entrees
My wife and I visited this quaint spot on a beautiful spring evening and decided to relax and enjoy a discounted sushi dinner, courtesy of Groupon. However, we were not prepared for the whirlwind of faux-pas services. When we decided to sit outdoors, the server filled our water glasses from a half-empty pitcher that's been resting on the neighboring table, that may or may not have been collecting springtime pollen plainly visible on the superficial layer of the ice cubes. Our server, well very polite, was unable to understand our request, seemed to not know the dishes himself, and told us that because we were using the groupon, we weren't able to use it in conjunction with the small $25 deal for two signature rolls + miso/salad. When we finally ordered the food, I had asked for a description of the sashimi, and he realized that he gave me the wrong order and had to take it back. Of course, he was unable to identify the fish and never really came back.
As for the food, nothing truly stood out aside from the arch roll with its soy organic warp provided a unique texture. The soft shell crab was quite...underwhelming given its size and oily carb-heavy shell. The bleu boat special, which included moderate amount of sashimi was also disappointing as the fish consisted of that thawed-out of freezer taste and lacked any flavors that are sought after in well-respected sushi joints. By the time our check arrived, our mood was not sweetened despite the free cinnamon ice cream.
My recommendation, as a patron and lover of sushi, is to really consider training your staff to be fully knowledgeable of your menu items. I don't know what to say about the source of the fish, but it should be improved for further visits.
Food: 1 star
Service: 1 star
Ambiance: 2-3 stars
Price: 2 starsA cute, cozy neighborhood gem. Regular rolls are very reasonably priced, and they have a whole menu page dedicated to interesting combo rolls too. I love that the rolls were named after different places/universities in Philly!
I've also had lunch delivery from here via Caviar - what a steal! Three rolls + soup + salad for $12 ($15 with delivery fees!).The service is great and the owner is super nice. I got the bleu sushi roll and that was pretty good. I don't remember much about the rolls actually. All I remember is the kimchee fries. It wasn't what I expected. I thought I would get fries topped off with kimchee, but what I got was crinkle fries with this sweet, tangy sauce and scallions. There was no kimchee anywhere. It was surprisingly good. I'd get it again. 
At the end of our dinner, we got some bracelets and little knick knacks which I thought were amusing.Great service and food. They let us hang out after finishing our food and didn't rush us.If in downtown Philly please check out Bleu Sushi and BYOB (apparently it's popular in Philly).
There were 10 of us on a Monday night and the staff took care of us very well even though we showed up 30 minutes late.
From what I could tell the buffalo wings were the most popular item for us.
Thanks to the servers and the owner for taking care of us so well last night!Probably a 3.75? Lol I thought the place was kinda cool.  Bathroom location was in a slightly precarious place between the waitstaff area and the kitchen but it's a small restaurant so I get it.  Food was pretty decent.  I would say the normal rolls and appetizers were solid for the price.  We got a specialty roll for 14$ and we were not impressed.  Overall the prices were good and the staff was very attentive so I would say it's worth the try and we will be back at some point in the future.Cute interior and convenient since I work around the corner, figured I would give it a try for lunch -probably won't come back. The service was as if  they could  care less that I was there and ignoring me when I first walked in despite only having one table in the restaurant. The lunch special won't stuff you but it will satisfy your hunger. The spicy tuna had a weird texture and the shrimp tempura wasn't very flavorful. The miso soup was good though. Maybe I need to go for dinner and try a specialty roll but for now I prefer fat salmon. 2.5 starsBest bang for your buck for quality sushi/sashimi.
1) Fantastic service. All of the servers were incredibly kind, helpful, and efficient. I have already been here three times, large and small group to mix it up, and each time the service has been #flawless. Super nice staff who are so patient and attentive. Water glass never hit empty.
2) Solid sushi selection (alliteration points). It's a fairly simple, straight-forward menu--nothing crazy mindblowing--but what they do, they do well. High quality cuts, no overt abuse of rice:meat ratio. It's awesome. Frankly, it's simple and well done. (Of note: try the kimchi fries and south st roll. Solid choices for the fickle.)
3) WELL priced. The price is very, very, very reasonable. For the quality/quantity of food with the price, I would definitely say this is a "best bang for your buck" type of restaurant. Also, since it's BYO I always feel like I'm not getting ripped off and paying extra to cover a restaurant's liquor license.
4) Hendra, the owner = the man. I was going to group this under service, but he warrants a bullet point of his own. He is genuinely an incredibly warm, accommodating, gracious host. He personally welcomes you to his restaurant and checks in on you at the end to see how your meal went every.single.time. He makes it feel as if you're dining in his home and is always ready to help. What a guy!
Bottom line: if you're looking for a solid BYO experience at a fraction of the cost, I would highly highly recommend this place.I've come here a few times with different guests. I had good experiences until I took a fellow sushi lover here, she was of a different ethnic background.
It just saddened and surprised me when I was with this friend. The service took very long, we sat for about 15 minutes before order was taken, the sashimi had white markings on the salmon, and a caucasian couple beside us was treated with more concern. They also checked in on them more.
Very surprising. I refunded my groupon.I'm shocked by all these great reviews because I had some of the worst and most awkward service I've ever had here,  and the food definitely wasn't good enough to warrant a return.  
I saw this place on groupon and saw it had good reviews so decided to try it out on a Sunday night (they're on opentable too, which is nice). I walked in and there wasn't really a hostess stand or anyone who noticed me, so I stood around awkwardly by where the sushi is made (kind of in the middle of the restaurant) for a while until someone finally sat me. The place wasn't too crowded but we were never checked on for important things like,  "I see your water's been empty for a while now so much that you started drinking your friend's and now that one's been empty for a while too, would you like a refill?" or "yea,  I know that last roll or appetizer hasn't come out yet, but you've gotten all your other food here's why," or "oh did you want the bill within 30 minutes of finishing eating?" or "hey, I know I gave you your bill forever ago and you've had your credit card out for 20 minutes, let me take that." Things we did get comments about "Oh, you guys ate that really fast," "oh you want more of the spicy mayo, you really like that don't you?" Um...thanks dude. We finally ended up just leaving cash because they took so long to take our card that it was getting ridiculous.
As for the food, the red snapper cucumber appetizer was definitely a highlight (although it wasn't spicy as expected from the jalapeno sauce), but it was all downhill from there. The tempura was really overbattered and not the usual fluffy tempura I'm used to getting, especially on the shrimp-that didn't even feel like tempura so much as breadcrumbs. The spicy trio- salmon, tuna, and yellowtail were indistinguishable from each other and kind of small, nothing to see here. The 10 Street Roll (which took forever to come out) was pretty gross. It was deep fried (which is why it took so long to come out, this was explained after we'd basically finished everything else). I've had deep fried rolls before where the roll is slightly battered, crunchy, and veggies and fish inside are still raw and flavorful. Not sure if they dropped this guy into the fryer and forgot about him, but all the fish in the roll was completely cooked  and tasted maybe a touch above canned tuna, then was slathered in sauce. The only reason we ate it was because we were waiting so long for our bill that we forgot how bad it was in that time and gave it another try. Nope.
Can't recommend this place. Sorry.Excellent addition to the neighborhood. We went for lunch -they give Jefferson employees or students a free appetizer (up to $5) if you spend $15. We each got a bento box lunch (one salmon teriyaki, one chicken teriyaki).  It comes with 1. miso soup, excellent honestly best I have ever had, 2. Dumplings which were perfectly fried 3. Salad -a large portion with delicious dressing 4. Rice -a large ball of white rice 5. Protein over sauted onions in teriyaki sauce- The salmon was a filet of salmon and the chicken was a really nice portion.  Overall excellent service and as others have said the owner is so welcoming. I will be back soon!!I loved this place! It is close to my best friend's apartment and we made reservations for her birthday dinner. Service was so quick and consistent, and the whole vibe of the place is awesome. The owner came and spoke to our table at length, and was so friendly. They even gave my best friend complimentary dessert (enough for the entire table) for her birthday. Definitely an enjoyable time.We had lunch-special there yesterday. Sushi & Sashimi were nice and fresh, but Tempura was a little bit oily. Over all is good. I will recommend it.I discovered Bleu Sushi through a Livingsocial deal and will absolutely be returning as a regular! I went with a group of friends and we were all extremely impressed. The restaurant had a calm, cool vibe and the manager provided some of the best service I've ever experienced in the city. It was clear he took a lot of pride in the restaurant and food. 
For appetizers we ordered the gyoza, korean chicken wings, and (at the recommendation of the manager) the kimchi fries. The flavors were really fantastic and I would highly recommend any of those dishes. For the main meal we order the sashimi/sushi platter and some other rolls. The fish was so fresh and delicious and the rice was surprisingly flavorful. I don't remember the names of every roll we ordered but the Walnut roll sticks out in my mind because we got a second order it was so good.
Overall, I highly recommend Bleu Sushi for anyone looking for upscale food in a relaxed setting with some genuinely great service!Amazing sushi. Never been here so wanted to give it a try. The specialty rolls are very well done and the house rolls are about $5. Definitely coming backGood sushi, but not fantastic. Given it's slightly pricier than other nearby options, I was honestly hoping for more.
That being said, the service and ambience are great. The food comes out quickly and is certainly fresh, but like I said, not sure it's worth the slight price increase.
However, it's the best sushi option within a few blocks. And again - service and the restaurant itself are 4.5/5.Came here on a Sunday night at 6pm with a Groupon and the restaurant was not super crowded. It took an unusually long time for any server to take our order, and we had clearly decided (we had closed our menus). I had to flag one down and ask him to take our order...in the amount of time it took for another server to clear dishes, get dessert, and take the check of a party at the table directly next to us. It felt like we were being pretty ignored (and this was before I even mentioned a groupon). After this, the server we had was great.
As for the food, we ordered 3 rolls: Bleu, Rittenhouse, and Drexel. They were very delicious. And we ordered a Gyudon entree which was extremely flavorful and we loved it. My only complaint was that it seemed too oily, although yes oil is necessary for the hot stone pot. The free chocolate ice cream was a nice touch but because of the early poor service, I'm glad I had a groupon.Amazing sushi!  Atmosphere was fun and lively.  Service was great and attentive, but at the same time they give you the space to enjoy your meal.  The specialty rolls were delicious and very unique- definitely not your typical sushi place.  Can't wait to go back again!My fiancé and I were checking out wedding bands and decided to try this place out afterwards upon reading Yelp reviews. The fish was very fresh-- I very much enjoyed the salmon roll and fried oyster roll. I tried the shrimp with spicy mayo and cucumber but it was just very bland. Otherwise, everything else was great-- salad, soup, and complimentary red bean ice cream. Our server was so kind and helpful. I would definitely return here!My husband and I enjoyed a delightful impromptu date here. Very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive service paired with lovely food and extensive menu. Super convenient that they offer grub hub and Uber delivery as well.Great sushi! The food is fresh, and the portions are generous. It has the taste and appearance of being carefully and thoughtfully prepared. 
My food took a little while to come out so they gave me a free salad and dessert. 
The atmosphere isn't as ritzy as some of the other sushi joints in the neighborhood but the food makes up for it many times over.Pleasantly surprised - tried after purchasing a Groupon and had a lovely meal, this will definitely be our new go to spot. One authentically Japanese item that seems to be hard to find in local casual sushi joints is sweet shrimp, actually served raw. Loved the raw shrimp nigiri - they even served the head alongside, fried to a crunchy crisp (yes you eat the whole thing), super traditional. A+ And the light smoky flavor of the unique Drexel roll (crunchy spicy scallop wrapped in smoked salmon) was one of the more interesting rolls I've ever had. 
Misses include the unagi eel nigiri which was very tender but overdressed in sweet sauce, and the Spicy 3 combo (Spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy yellowtail) which seemed like a great deal but not only had crunch added  (not noted on menu) but had much more crunch than fish in the roll, which was a bummer. Definitely planning on going back to try the specialty rolls, sweet shrimp, raw scallop and salmon, service was excellent and very friendly!We really enjoy Bleu Sushi.  It's nice inside and service is good.  Sushi is great and they often give you a complimentary ice cream from dessert.We never got a chance to try the sushi because the sushi chef was too busy picking his nose. Really, he was just going to town. I posted a picture of him right as he pulled his finger out. We called over the manager to tell him what happened and the manager said hold on and went over to talk to him. When the manager returned he told this that he asked the chef to change gloves, and that everything was okay. We proceeded to have a very unproductive conversation with the manager on why this wasn't okay. The manager didn't even see a problem with the sushi chef not washing his hands. Suffice it to say we cancelled our order and left.Sushi is okay if you need a place for delivery.  Delivery was prompt and only took about forty minutes for living in Passyunk Square.  I ordered the Boston Roll which is shrimp, cucumber and spicy mayo.  I also ordered a specialty roll, the Washington Square roll. To me, it was not worth $15. It was mostly cucumber, eel and shrimp tempura on top.  Nothing too special to warrant $15.  It was on the smaller side for being mostly cucumber.  There wasn't enough wasabi for my taste but I didn't make a note to say I wanted extra wasabi.  It's pretty okay if you don't want to leave your house and want sushi.  However, the delivery guy made me walk outside in 35 degree weather to go down my steps and get my order from him. He simply didn't want to get off his bike.  I'm sorry I pre tipped him on my order with 15 percent. He sat on his bike and just handed the bag to me from the curb from my next door neighbors house.  Not too happy with that, considering I order delivery because I don't want to leave my house.Most of the sushi we had was good, it tasted fresh. The waitress was very polite and friendly. We had the groupon for bleu sushi, which made the prices fine, but without the groupon, the prices would have been very expensive. The decor is fairly generic and there is no outdoor seating.I found this place via Groupon. Both food and service was nice. Sushi was fresh and hibachi steak(not sure about the name..) was tasty with decent portion.Great sushi for the price. They have discount for first timers when we went although not sure if they still have that deal. Very good deal.Great service on a Sunday night. About half the tables were taken. We tried the fried pork gyoza, Walnut, South Street, and Spruce rolls - and they were all divine (although the South Street was my favorite). We had a Groupon and didn't have any problems. I'll definitely be returning to try the Temple roll.The waiters here are so friendly and cute. And the food here is so delicious and beautiful. Though it is a little expensive, but I promise that it worths it!!!!!!!First time visit because of the groupon deal.
Went there around 5:30 we were the first table, not only greeted by the host but also the owner which was very rare but special
ordered a tempera appetizer - excellent. 
for main course, the 2 of us sharing the Roosevelt roll, ten street roll, and south street roll. All of them were really delicious especially the spicy salmon in the south street roll, good amount of spice and mayo and still I can taste the fresh salmon.  Definitely will go back and try other special rolls.
At the end of meal the owner Hendra came visited our table and just briefly introduced himself and his goal of operating a small restaurant and be able to recognize every customer, let them feel like home.
Conclusion: Affordable small restaurant serving high quality of sushi owned by an enthusiastic Chef Hendra.I've really enjoyed this BYO. I made reservations on opentable prior and had no problems being seated. The owner made sure we were happy and comfortable. The sushi was good not great, but the ambiance, service, and price are the definite selling points.Great sushi, great service! I'll be gong back even though it's fairly far. It's a fun and cozy environment. I'd recommend reservations because the restaurant is fairly small. 
Quality sushi for a moderate price!Sushi was OK,  nothing at all special.....had better ones for cheaper prices. Chicken teriyaki however was good. Big serving of chicken and vegetables that tasted surprisingly good. Staff was nice and ended up getting complimentary ice cream.I went to a fabulous sushi place and ended up ordering their version of cheese fries. Not sure why I did but I have absolutely no regrets. The fries were delicious and were basically topped with grilled chicken, kimchee and cheese wiz. They don't have the dish on their regular dinner menu ( it's apparently only a lunch special) but I was able to order it with chicken for a few extra $. My only suggestion would to sub the wiz with spicy mayo. Can't you already taste the magic?
I guess next time I'll try the sushi... and get another plate of fries.Went here as a treat after a friend purchased their Groupon. Really enjoyed the sushi. The freshness of  he fish was apparent, rolls are huge, maybe too big (if there's such a thing) not complaining though. Our server was very friendly and courteous. Atmosphere was warm and inviting. I'm definitely returning soon. Might be my new favorite Sushi spot.This place is great!  Sushi was fresh.  Service was impeccable.  Outstanding prices.  The promotional special has sushi for a BUCK a piece!  I am a frequent diner there.  A real gem!I would do 3.5 stars but if I am forced to choose between 3 and 4, I lean toward 4. The sushi is better in the restaurant, than it is by delivery but I find this to be true of almost every sushi place. The seaweed salad is delicious and the temple roll was interesting. Overall decent sushi.tasty！very good choice. I love Temple best～Waiters are very nice！salmon is fresh enough.Tried Bleu Sushi for an early dinner last night, and was pleasantly surprised. There were seven of us, and we had the place to ourselves. The food was fresh and the prices were ridiculously cheap compared with other neighborhood sushi places. The presentation with the "cucumber with grass shooting" as Paul N. reports, may not be to everyone's liking. But the decor was good and food even better. We were easily able to ask for modifications to the rolls such as brown rice instead of white, or asking for some rolls to be spicy. Sweet potato roll was different than I've had at other sushi places, but still good. Presentation is not on par with, say, Fat Salmon, but the sushi was fresh and the tempura less greasy. We miss the previous restaurant in that location, the Pour House--and still mourn the closing of Marathon Grill on 11th & Walnut. But given the quality of the food and price, it's a nice addition to Washington Square West.After getting (free) delivery from here many many times, I finally went in again for dinner. We had a Groupon which is always a great excuse to eat out. There was no wait time on a Wednesday night and service was efficient. 
We started with the ever amazing Kimchi Fries. At $5 for a giant delicious bowl is enough to share. 
I tried the Pine (vegetarian) speciality roll which had tofu skin, cucumber, with a layer of avocado on top. It was decent but tasted really similar to a plain avocado-cucumber roll which would be half the price. 
My 2nd roll was the Pennsylvania which is deep fried sweet potato and it can't be beat! Just simple enough and still filling. Try it with a side of spicy mayo. 
They gave us a complementary scoop of red bean ice cream which is a nice touch! Their service is always great and you can really tell that the owner cares about his customers.
***One side of the restaurant had folding chairs which was really off putting. I would recommend switching them out to match the other ones.I bought a Groupon for $30 worth of food from Bleu Sushi, so my bf and I decided to go and make a reservation. The service was pretty quick for how packed it was, and the sushi came out about 20ish minutes later which wasn't bad. The food was great! We split the salmon and scallops teriyaki, and I had the Jefferson Roll and he had the Philadelphia roll (we're both still sushi newbs) and ended with the tasty green tea ice cream. They totally acknowledged the Groupon without complaint or hesitation. Overall I would definitely go back!Sashimi was good. However, delivery took over an hour, and the miso soup that came with my sashimi was something I'd avoid in the future. I love miso soup, but this didn't taste right. It was sweet.I can't say enough good things about this place! The service, the prices, the sushi were all amazing! 
Be sure to try the kimchi fries- they are to die for and so unique! 
Plus free delivery will have me calling back again soon!This place is amazing! The sushi is delicious and fresh, the menu has something for everyone, the restaurant is clean, hip and inviting and the owner is super friendly and kind. After we ordered, the owner walked up to our table and introduced himself. He shared his story about his wonderful restaurant and later gave us free dessert, which was a tasty Japanese ice cream. I highly recommend this place if you are in the mood for Japanese and/or sushi.This place was awesome. I got the tuna stone bowl meal and my daughters got sushi. It was amazing!! So good! They had a groupon that they honored without any stipulations other than sir gong forty dollars minimum. It was well worth the effort to get there on vacation.We've been coming here for years but tonight and the past few times have been horrible. Starting with the edamame, so salty you couldn't eat it, the rolls just as bad and the salad came with one leaf of lettuce and a slice of tomato. Horrible! The whole dinner we couldn't eat due to the over salted order.My first time and it definitely won't be my last!
We arrived around 10:30PM. It was pretty dead, but it was 30 minutes before they were closed. They were very kind about taking us in because we didn't end up leaving until an hour later (count in the time of the food being made + eating). The man with the chef outfit (not the sushi chef) was hilarious and definitely made my stay more enjoyable. Everybody was so friendly and accommodating! The servers seem young, but they were sweet, even when we made them stay late.
The price was a little cheaper than your usual sushi spot. The menu had handwritten "15% off" so I don't know if I hit a deal or if it's a marketing thing. Whatever the case may be, their price is affordable. The special rolls I ordered ranged from $10-11. My spicy tuna was $3 something, almost $4. Our total price of two salads, 4 special rolls & 1 regular roll was around $65. Nothing outrageous. We ate everything and enjoyed it. My stomach is more than content.
Though we were the only ones, it took a bit for us to get our plate. However, we did order about 5 rolls, 4 of them being special rolls and I understand they take more time. They come with 8pcs & the regular rolls are 6pcs. The ones I ordered (Hawaii & Tokyo) were delicious. The mixture of a sweet taste & spicy tuna was perfection in my mouth. My boyfriend ordered something else and his was alright. You're not gonna love every single sushi roll out there in any sushi place. Our appetizer were the fried salmon skin salad and spicy crab meat salad. With my experience from another sushi place, I'm not too fond of salmon skin salad. The texture doesn't feel right in my mouth.  The spicy crab meat salad was delightful, though.
I didn't have a bad experience with Bleu at all. Everything was wonderful - staff, food and facility. I'll be coming back to satisfy my sushi cravings!Sushi was okay for the price point. I would only recommend for byob+atmosphere. The quality is that of a regular sushi joint with more bells and whistles on top. Only worth it for it's byob, seriously. Service was good too.Affordable and delicious sushi! My fiancé and I passed up another sushi spot on Friday night because the wait was just too long, opting to explore the area for something else. We stumbled upon Bleu and saw that the yelp ratings were good so we went inside and definitely were not disappointed. The fish is very fresh and the prices are fantastic. We are definitely going back!The food sushi here is fresh and tastes great. Above all the customer service is AWESOME. The owner came to my table and introduced himself the server made sure I was good it was a good experience. And it's BYOB can't beat that.This is a true gem on 10th street. Our meal began with a warm welcome from Hendra, the incredibly hardworking and upbeat owner. He described a few special dishes  and made us feel very much at home. 
We loved the scallop with shiitake mushroom appetizer-it was deliciously flavorful and the mushroom texture was perfectly chewy. The next appetizer was black peppered white tune tataki-this is delicate thin tuna slightly seared and served in a unique pepper ponzu sauce. This was also fabulous. The other dishes we tried and really enjoyed include Spicy Salmon Rice And the 10 Street Roll. This is my first Yelp review inspired by how very much we liked Bleu Sushi!DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY! We have been waiting for 1 hour 30 minutes and still NO FOOD!  We've called 3 times and they keep telling us 20 minutes.  They are 3 blocks away!  Do not recommend.  Order from Yellow Tail....much faster.This is my favorite spot for sushi in center city. Everything is great! From their food, to service, and to ambiance, sweet deets. I always start off my meals with their seaweed salad and fried gyoza. Sometimes when I feel like having more fried food I also order their kimchi fries and age tofu. Hands down this place make awesome rolls. Highly recommend their Bleu and Drexel rolls. Don't skip dessert! Save some room for their green tea fried ice cream and mochi. All in all, I'm a fanI'm always on the lookout for great sushi in the city, so while on my way to host an open mic at Cake and the Beanstalk nearby, I stopped into Bleu Sushi for a quick dinner.  The owner seated me right away and let me put my guitar right by the door, which I thought was very considerate of him.  I ended up ordering the Philadelphia Roll (salmon and cream cheese, which usually comes with cucumber, but I opted for it without) and the Ten Street Roll (tuna, yellowtail, salmon and white fish, deep fried on the outside and topped with tobiko; while this one was listed as including scallions and spicy mayo, they graciously accepted my request to leave those out, as they are not quite to my taste).  I was thrilled with the sushi and the promptness of the service, so I will definitely be back!I'm all about Groupons (especially when they're a gift - shout out to my Mom), but sometimes Groupon does me dirty. In the case of Bleu Sushi, Groupon did me dirty. I wanted to use the Groupon before the expiration date, and now I kind of wish I hadn't used it at all (and for me to say that is a big deal). 
I came here for a middle of the week dinner with a friend, both of us stoked for sushi - I love sushi but rarely eat it, so using this Groupon was a nice excuse to chow down on some sush. We were seated at a small table amid the crowded restaurant (boy, do they pack people in there) and proceeded to browse the menu (holding the menu, I accidentally elbowed the woman at the table next to me - that's how tightly we were packed). We started with the kimchee fries (based on numerous Yelp reviews), and as a lover of both kimchi and french fries I cannot understand why these are so highly recommended - the flavors do not mesh and it looks like a pile of sloppy mess. For the entrees we split the Sushi Bleu and the Yaki Soba noodles - neither dish was appetizing, and we actually ended up leaving three pieces of sushi and nearly half off the noodles behind because they were, in a word, terrible (noodles were too salty and the sushi had a rubbery texture that made me wonder how this would affect my GI tract). I must also note that at one point both of us ran out of water, and it took nearly 8 min (yes, I kept track) to get our glasses refilled. When we had 'finished' our food, the owner cleared our plates and didn't bother to ask how the food was or if we would like dessert. All around us (I counted five tables), the owner came over after the entrees were cleared and dropped off dessert on the house (which I had also read about on Yelp), but as soon as he saw my Groupon he shifted his eyes and brought us the bill (literally making us the only table around without dessert). After another wait to pay (can you sense I was pining to get out of there?), we were brought our change with nary a thank you from the owner.
I swear by Yelp, and have read great reviews for this place (even for people using Groupon), but I must say that this was the worst dining experience I have ever had in Philadelphia, and I would certainly not recommend purchasing a Groupon or coming to dine here (but seriously, if you are going to eat here, at least buy the Groupon so that you are not paying full price).Great sushi! Tuna sashimi was extremely fresh as well as the sushi. He was very generous with my portions too. I ordered the tuna sashimi, a tuna roll and a New Jersey roll as well as a miso soup. All of these were great! Deff coming here again!Really good combos and friendly service. We got the Rittenhouse Square, Washington Square,  Temple and Drexel rolls. All were very good, and came out quickly.Our dining experience at Bleu sushi was excellent! The servers were very friendly and attentive and the food was amazing! I will 100% be bringing people back here.Kimchi fries are amazing! Combine this with bleu sushi platter and ice cream. This is a byob so bring your own bottle.  Great for date or group of friends.I'm traveling for work and was craving some sushi for dinner and Yelp did not disappoint.  My hotel referred me to another place but I chose Bleu instead.  The salmon nigiri was melt in the mouth good and my server Ann was attentive and friendly.  If you are looking for a neighborhood place to call your own, Bleu is a great choice.Bleu is one of the best sushi spots in Philly for both the food and the friendly service.  I highly recommend the temple roll (get 2), and try the kimchi fries!I used to live across the street and I still go far out of my new neighborhood to pick up bleu. Delicious, unique menu and kind, generous staff. Can't go wrong.Came here after ordering delivery and it was even better in person. Fantastic service with lots of attention from the manager and complimentary small appetizer and dessert.
The kimchi fries are delicious and the only place I've ever had this dish. The sushi rolls were great and I'll definitely come back again.Came here the first time due to a Groupon. Owner was very friendly, gave us free fries AND dessert. The second time was with reservations for a party of 10 on a Saturday night. The restaurant was packed, but our table was ready as soon as we got there. Service was a little slow, but they were VERY busy. Will definitely take my own wine opener next time so I can at least enjoy a drink while I am waiting. (BYOB is great!) Everyone loved their food. Will definitely be back.We were able to get in at the last minute so we were very happy. It was packed inside but the service was great. Servers were constantly walking by to check on us and the owner came by to introduce himself which I thought was so friendly. The tables are pretty close together but it was fine. Just glad I wasn't carrying a bunch of things with me to get in the way. 
We tried the kimchee fries which were good and gyoza. Then I got two different vegetarian sushi rolls which were just ok. I know by nature the vegetarian rolls are not as flavorful but I still felt slightly disappointed. 
I had the peanut butter ice cream which was good. It's vanilla ice cream with swirls of peanut butter. I wish I had asked for some chocolate sauce with it, that would have made it better. 
I do however think this place has great value! It's a BYOB and for the two of us with appetizers, drinks, rolls, and dessert it was still around $34...Hard to find in center city! I probably would have rated the food a 3 stars but I think the service, friendliness, and value of the place bumped it up to 4 stars!Fast delivery, great food! Really happy i chose to order from Bleu Sushi! Love the sushi, love the Misu soup and great egg rolls! I will definitely order again soon!!People on here are giving a misrepresentation of this restaurant.  I've not only been to MANY sushi places in Philadelphia but this place is by far the worst.  We tried this place a second time, after a miserable experience the first time.  We tried a variety of items on both occasions and I think mall sushi that sat out for days is more edible then this place.  Also, the sushi is miniature.  How is it rated 4.5/5?  Fake reviews? People must be drinking WAY too much wine before eating here.  BEWARE!!!!!! Try Crazy or Fuji if you want real good tasting sushi.We are quite fond of Japanese cuisine and Bleu Sushi has the best Yakatori this side of Kyoto.  Also, you get 5 for what others charge for 3.
Good food, good value.
What else could you want?We got the signature rolls: Rittenhouse Square( very good), South St( very good),Drexel( very good), Blue ( fantastic!), Upenn, Walnut. The dishes look beautiful, very tasty and fresh. Green tea ice cream very refreshing!! Clean and cozy place. Very Friendly staff. Reasonable price. The place closes at 10 PM but the kitchen closes at 9:30 so you need to order before 9:30.  Will definitely come back!I just has the best service I have ever received from any restaurant. The owner and the servers were all very nice and welcoming! And to tip it off, sushi was delicious and met my high expectations. I will definitely be back and highly recommend this place to others. Prob make a reservation though just to guarantee a seating. Also this place is BYOB!! It's truly a hidden gem that you must try!