I was in Philadelphia for a conference and found Bliss near my hotel.  I had the veggie stir-fry and it was tasty, veggies were fresh and it was more than I could eat.  Good variety on menu but a little on the pricey side for food. Decent wine selection in the $8-10 range.  I would have preferred a higher priced, better quality wine with the meal I had.   But I am from N. CA so wine is important.  The waiter announced to each guest that they have a new chef and are rolling out a new menu at end of the week.for some strange reason bliss is listed as closed and it is not!!! bliss is open, i dined here last night and had a good time!!Meh pretty much says it. This is the kind of restaurant that would be good in a small college town, but is not up to par in the Philly dining scene. They need a reinfusion of creativity. As other reviewers say, at this point, the food quality does not warrant the prices. None of the food was terrible; the only big problem was that I had to send back the first two glasses of wine I ordered, because both tasted like cough syrup. I was about to give up and order a beer but the bartender opened a new bottle of chianti which was fine. Who knows how long the others had been sitting around.I have such mixed feelings about this place.  I have dined here for lunch and dinner.  Both times, I found something that I liked but then it was over shadowed by mediocrity of another part of meal. For lunch I had the tuna roll and the hot pot with thai sauce.  The tuna roll was horrendous. You can find better in a supermarket. But then I was impressed with the hot pot. The seafood were fresh and the thai sauce has great flavors and depth.
I then came back to dinner a few days later (had a groupon that I need to use before it expires).  I ordered the Miso Glazed Atlantic Salmon, Asian Fried Rice, Bok Choy. The salmon was cooked perfectly. But then the fried rice ruined the whole thing by being dried and overcooked. Sigh...so much potential.Dining at bliss was the worst dining experience I've ever had in Philadelphia.  I made my reservation with the owner (who is crazy and wrote the time and party size incorrectly).  He assured me that my family would be impressed and told he he would call the following day to see how everything was (he did not).  If the dish served was not raw it was void of flavor or mediocre at best. Take this restaurant off your list to try!!As you walk in there is a specified entrance with a hostess and place to hang your coat - I appreciate this because I hate walking in to restaurants and awkwardly standing among guests who are seated at tables. As you walk in the lighting is quite dim and the vibe is very relaxed. I went on a Friday at 7 PM and the crowd is definitely older - this is likely due to the proximity of the restaurant to the theater/concert halls. I wouldn't consider this a particularly "trendy" place but the service was excellent, the food was delicious. 
I was seated immediately even though my dining partner hadn't arrived yet. The brought me my drink and bread as I waited and didn't make me feel bad at all for taking up a table when the other person I was waiting for was stuck in traffic and 20 minutes late. We had the tuna roll app which was delicious. For the main course I had the scallops - when I asked to have a different side besides the one offered on the menu, the waitress immediately offered to prepare the dish anyway I preferred which I really appreciated. The scallops were excellently prepared and the mashed potatoes had a pool of melting butter on top - delicious!
After dinner we were heading to a show and it was so nice that this place was so close that in the winter it was a very quick walk to the theater.
I highly recommend for people looking for a place to dine before seeing a concert or show.Excellent dinner. I had a sweet potato soup and the lamb loin. The latter was so juicy and tender it melted in my mouth. And the rice with feta sauce was delicious.After not being to Bliss in over a year, my Wife and I dined with them this past Thursday was pretty disappointed. The service was the most troubling. Our waiter Jamie did a pretty good job, but overall it seemed like the staff just wanted to "hang out" and people watch through the windows. A few too many swear words and stories about their weekend was a turn off. The Bartender's boyfriend dropped in and drinks came to a grinding halt for almost 20 minutes while they were being way to affectionate in the dinning room. The food was a expected, the Lobster Risotto was cooked perfectly, but as with every other dish, it was woefully under seasoned and under salted. For the food and service, the prices Bliss charges is absurd. And for the love of God, turn on the lights in the dinning room!Would have gotten 5 stars but overpriced.  We had the Maryland Crab Soup, Shrimp Spring Rolls, Lobster and Shrimp Risotto, and Gelato for dessert.  All were excellent!  Even the coffee was perfect!  Our waiter Kevin was the best!  He gave recommendations and checked on us often.  We showed up early for our reservation because we were going to a show.  They asked immediately if we were going to a show and seated us immediately.  Great service, great food!  I would love to go back!We've gone here for dinner a couple of times, because it's close to the Academy of Music, which we frequent. Food is consistently top quality and service is always first class. We will be back soon.I have been to Bliss numerous times for brunch before going to a show at the Academy. I want to love this place because they have a nice menu and I have had a good meal there before but I give it 2 stars because it is consistently bad. Last month my friend ordered the eggs Benedict ( no longer on the menu) with a well done egg and meat both came out rare so she sent it back and they nuked it making it barely edible. Last week I ordered the burger, medium rare and it came out well done. My friend ordered her burger medium and it was done more than mine which means it was a bit crunchy. The wait staff should be aware what they are serving.  They have a new menu but I am doubtful that they can live up to the challenge.Let's skip right to the end of the meal. Shall we?
Green tea should not be steeped in boiling water. 
Yeah, this's one of those reviews. Take it for what you will. Small detail to some, perhaps indicative of something larger to others. 
Ignorance? Indifference? Ineptitude? What?
Not serving green tea at the correct temperature speaks volumes.
(If you can't prepare it properly, don't have it on your menu.)
Does not inspire confidence.Came here during restaurant week.  It looks like people either love the place or hate it.  I am in the "love" category.  Maybe it is because they just got a new chef (January 2014).  The food was interesting and excellent - and the staff couldn't have been nicer or more helpful.  Certainly with the new chef for those who were disappointed it's worth another try.My daughter (age 13) and I went for a special night out. They were more than welcoming to her - it's nice to see an upscale place treat a teenager that way. Our meals were both excellent - she had the filet mignon and I ordered the lamb porterhouse. Both were cooked perfectly. My side dish of goat cheese polenta was amazing, I couldn't stop eating it! The server was personable and attentive. We also spoke with the owner extensively and he was a down to earth, funny guy. Overall a great experience.We went for dinner before the ballet tonight. We had 6pm reservations for three people before a 7:30 show. At 7:10, we still didn't have our meals. When they arrived,  we scarfed them down in record time and ran.
They comped our two drinks,  but we still paid $150 for a terrible experience.
We have been here many times before, but I doubt we will be back.
ps - tell the chef when he speaks bad about customers from the kitchen, we can hear him.I took my mom and brother here to eat because it was the first place I found.  We walked in at 1:45 in the afternoon and had no problem being seated by a friendly older gentleman who I'm going to guess is the manager.
I ordered a Kobe burger cooked rare.  It was pretty good for a $11 burger.  The patty was juicy and warm with a red center.  I don't know if I liked it so much because I was starving and anything would've tasted fantastic to me at that point or if it was because it was really that good.  
My brother liked his chicken ceasar salad.  I didn't think it was mind blowing but it was decent.  
My mom ordered the crab cakes.  Again, decent but not mind blowing.
The place is clean and trendy.  I liked the way it was decorated and the colors they used.  Service was sluggish and sometimes I had to wonder if the waiter remembered what I had asked him for.  I don't think it was intentional because he was the only waiter I saw working.
Would I go back if I was in the area?  Mmmm.....probably not.  Nothing really stood out on the menu and I wasn't blown away by what I had eaten.Bliss was great - the food was wonderful, the service exceptional, and the atmosphere was fun. I got the filet - it was cooked perfectly and the mascarpone hash brown with it was delicious. The short rib raviolis were absolutely fantastic - we almost ordered another plate because they were so good! 
Overall, Bliss was a really great experience in a fun area - strongly recommend!The crab cakes are delicious!  Great service.  Good location too. Give this place a try!Went with a groupon and we were thoroughly unimpressed.
The waiter was hard to understand and not very attentive, despite the fact that we were basically the only people in the restaurant.
We split a few dishes and they didn't really understand and they came out staggered which was really awkward. The salad was really ordinary and the portions were tiny.
Overpriced, not worth it. Would never go back, and it's not even worth it with a groupon (which I rarely say).Had a great lunch experience here with co-workers. Enjoyed the food immensely, and the atmosphere was great :-)Before I even get to the food I have to start by telling you about the service. Our waitress was very attentive and accommodating especially when we told her that we were celebrating a birthday.  She said she had the perfect idea to help us out, but I don't think she or anyone else thought that her fellow waiter would be serenading our table with a Portuguese version of "Happy Birthday". That's what he gets for being late to his own birthday dinner.
Now for the food, I started with the crunchy ahi tuna roll appetizer.  Normally you wouldn't think that a non-Japanese restaurant would be the place for sushi, but I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed it.  I also took advantage of a special soup that was available that night. It was a sausage and bean puree that I found to be delicious, especially as a compliment to the cold tuna roll.
For my main course I couldn't pass up the beef tenderloin (even though the scallops were calling my name).  The meat was very juicy and tender and not very fatty at all.  It was served over mashed potatoes which were also delicious.
For dessert I chose the warm apple tart with vanilla gelato.  It was good, nothing spectacular, but the Portuguese birthday celebration definitely helped. I noticed that many of the other options included gelato as well.
Also worth mentioning is the parking lot right next door. Be sure to have them validate your parking ticket so you get the 50% discount before you head home.Ok, I'll start off with saying I'm a college student and I hardly have the kind of money to go to a place like Bliss on my own dollar. With that being said, I came here during graduation weekend with a friend's family. Bliss is ... blissful. I had a steak and It pretty much melted in my mouth. The cocktails were delightful as was the waitress. Would bring my mama D here if she were paying.When we walked into Bliss there was no host at the door to seat us.  After waiting a few minutes, I went through the curtains and had to go ask to the bartender to be seated.  The waitress was nice and we finally ordered our food.  The food came out and it was barely warm.  The food itself wasn't that good either.  I won't be back.After not being to Bliss in over a year, my Wife and I dined with them this past Thursday was pretty disappointed. The service was the most troubling. Our waiter Jamie did a pretty good job, but overall it seemed like the staff just wanted to "hang out" and people watch through the windows. A few too many swear words and stories about their weekend was a turn off. The Bartender's boyfriend dropped in and drinks came to a grinding halt for almost 20 minutes while they were being way to affectionate in the dinning room. The food was a expected, the Lobster Risotto was cooked perfectly, but as with every other dish, it was woefully under seasoned and under salted. For the food and service, the prices Bliss charges is absurd. And for the love of God, turn on the lights in the dinning room!The food was medioker here for the price, but the service was what stole the show! The bartender was friendly and attentive, and I had great conversation with the other patrons! Normally a single girl would feel uncomfortable going into a place like this alone, but I felt welcomed and not like a peice of meat! Cheers to Bliss restaurant!Went for lunch and had the Kobe burger. It came well done even though I had asked for it medium-well. Can't complain though really because it was delicious! The service was quick and personal; the soup, breadsticks and fries were also really good. Also, I didn't think the prices were really all that outrageous for being in such a prime location. Also, a well known politician showed up which should be a good sign, right?My boyfriend and I went to Bliss for our anniversary.  I was hesitant because I normally don't like expensive restaurants or fancy food, and the "casually elegant" dress code threw me off.  
The dining room was relatively small and plainly decorated.  We were seated along the wall.  My seat faced the windows, which were all open to allow in the breeze (which was nice), but the street lights were very bright, so it was difficult to look across the table.  If there had been a shade to pull down even just a few inches, it would have been wonderful.  
The food was incredible.  We ordered the short rib ravioli for our appetizer.  The beef was so tender, and the pasta was delicious.  Then we each ordered the filet mignon with mascarpone hash brown, sauteed brussel sprouts, and black bean puree.  The filet was cooked to perfection.  For dessert we had the creme brulee, which was probably somewhere in the top 5 best creme brulees I've ever had. 
As for drinks, I had the strongest long island iced tea of my life.  It made me physically recoil at first.  I also had a chocolate martini with dessert, which was to die for. 
I'd definitely recommend Bliss to anyone looking to celebrate a special occasion, but I think the prices are a bit high for a normal night out.Used to be so much better under the old owner.
Maybe they can't get a good chef because the current owner is such an oddball. We dine here once a month pre-theater or lunch if everywhere else is booked--we can't walk too far. Food and service are up and down, but consistantly. The now-owner is obnoxious and a real distraction. He picked up a cell phone call at our table when he was going on and on and on with us while we were trying to eat. No sense of management. More than once we've witnessed him yell harshly and loudly at staff in a very ignorant way--from across the dining room. 
My advice: AVOID. Unless you want some laughs.PROS: Large portions, good ingredients,"fancy" setting
CONS: Everything else, almost
The food could be better. The lobster risotto and seafood hot pot contained fine ingredients. Alas, the combination/execution of ingredients was terrible. The flavors and textures of each dish clashed to the point where our appetites died within a couple of bites. Plus, the service was bad/unprofessional.My boyfriend and I went to Bliss for a Valentine's Day dinner, at the suggestion of a friend. They had roses for guests. And we were seated quickly. Our waitress was Rebekah and she was awesome; so attentive and friendly. We arrived a bit early for the 4-course prix fixe menu; but they allowed us to order from it anyway. The amuse-bouche, oyster with cilantro, was absolutely delicious and had us craving seconds and thirds. The lobster soup second course left an unpleasant after taste; so they allowed us to order the beet salad (boyfriend) and Hudson Valley foie gras (me) instead. Both were awesome. For the third course, we had the 28-day aged ribeye for two, medium rare. It was cooked perfectly was and so tender. And then we topped it off with the cheescake and strawberry consommé. We've already made plans to return and try items on the regular menu.This is one of my favorite places on broad st. I have been dining here for about two years. My six year old son loves the crab gnudi. Yes, the six year old. The scallops are great. Honestly, I haven't tried anything here that did not disappoint. The ingredients are always fresh, the food cooked perfectly. Service is impeccable. I am in my twenties, but I love the working professional crowd. Nice atmosphere. Great place to impress a date, or meet a friend for a cocktail while people watching. Bliss will always be one of my faves!!!The food was good, however the portions were fairly small. I had the Tuna Carpaccio appetizer which was one 4"x6" sliver of tuna. The Duck entree with figs and sweet potato was also good but again smaller than I would have expected. The Chocolate Creme dessert was very tasty but I felt it was very unoriginal for an upscale restaurant. It was essentially chocolate pudding with a dab of whipped cream and chocolate shavings on top. The drinks are extremely pricey, starting at $6 for average beers. Our server Gerald was good, on top of the water and checking in a few times without being too obtrusive. One other downside was that we were seated at the table immediately next to the entrance (where there is quite a draft) even though there were multiple other tables for two still available. Overall, my meal was good but I wouldn't go back because I don't feel you get much for what you pay for.I came here for restaurant week and was pleasantly surprised. I had the cheese plate as my appetizer which was very good. I tried the monkfish as my entree and thought it was very well cooked and paired well with the slices of  tomato and spinach in the sauce it came with. I don't see the monkfish on the regular restaurant menu on the website though. I didn't really care for the fig pie I had for dessert but it didn't deter me from rating the restaurant any less. Kevin was an excellent waiter by the way!Always walk by this place and it's empty.  Figured the food and/or menu sucked.  Finally decided to give it a try.  The menu was actually very appealing.  Ordered a Cobb Salad which was decent.  Girlfriend ordered another salad with chicken added.  She said it was just OK.  Her salad was the size of a side salad at any other restaurant but ended up costing about 16$ once chicken was added.   Moral of story: good menu but small portions and over priced.  Food about average.   Server was super friendly and good.I'v been to Bliss many times over the years. Every time, I was absolutely delighted with the delicious food that was prepared and presented with tremendous imagination. This past Thursday, I had the Bliss Burger. Outstanding. I went back Saturday and had another. I am no so-called Foody", but I know great food that is interesting, tasty, wholesome and plentiful and that is presented creatively when I see and taste it. The prices are very reasonable.
When you go and if it is a nice day, sit outside and enjoy the sights of center city.Great atmosphere and interesting food. I went for pre-theatre lunch and had a delicious Kobe burger.PHENOMENAL!!!!!! Bliss must have gotten a new chef because I ate there last night and I can't say enough about how amazing the food was!!!  Divine is a perfect description.  We sat at the bar and it couldn't have been better.  We had a quail egg salad, tortellIni special (which melted in my mouth), and the best crab cake I have ever eaten in my entire life!! All food came out hot and was executed perfectly.  The staff is best trained staff.  They are all so friendly and on point.  The bartender was great.  
I cannot say enough great things about Bliss!!Enthusiastic service punctuates the varied and quite frankly delicious menu offerings. Unique cheeses, ahi tuna roll, granny smith apple celery soup and the dessert crisp with the vanilla gelato atop was a wonderful way to wrap up my meal. Than you chef. I will be back soon. Best meal Ive had in Philly.This was our second time coming for the lunch prix fixe. First off, they would not honor our living social deal (which was fine). The more egregious error(s) had to do with the fact that there were lobster shells in the lobster risotto ... the stuffed chicken was well overdone ... and the breadsticks were stale. The salads were pretty good and the gelato was excellent! I will be willing to give Bliss another chance since the first time around, the dining experience was much better. But hopefully we won't run into this problem again. Service was very good.I wanted to like this place, particularly because I convinced my friends to eat here prior to the theater. But I should have known better... When a place is booked pre-theater only - and empty from 7:30 on, it's a bad sign and Bliss falls into that category. Clearly, this is a place that rarely attracts a "return" customer. Lucky for them, there are enough first time diners to keep the doors open, though I'm not certain that's a good thing.
Everybody was nice enough, but when a waitress describes two of the four cheeses on my cheese platter as " sort of like swiss cheese", you know what kind of staff training and attention to detail you're getting. She had no idea what the names of ANY of the cheeses were - only what Countries they came from.
Everyone's food was fine. That's it, just fine. But for the price - each entree over $30.00, food should be great. Food should be so wonderful that you are begging your  friends to taste what you got. No-one even mentioned their food, however, each of us noted that the food had no flavor. All four meals and two of the four appetizers had no flavor.
So, maybe we'll try to salvage this meal with some great desserts - same thing - average sorbet (hard to discern what flavor was what), a poor excuse for a cheescake (a 16 year old making his girlfriend a special treat could do better following a recipe in any cookbook) and the here's the best, when we asked for more info about the red velvet cake that she mentioned when we arrived, the waitress responded, that "it was like a cupcake". Duh, it was a cupcake!!!  This place is clueless.
Our bill for four was $330.00 plus tip. The wine was fantastic!Let me start with this-ask for Kevin to sing in Portuguese if it's anyone's birthday!
This little gem is in the heart of Philly's theaters and conveniently located directly next to a parking garage. Ask the restaurant for a coupon if they have any left. 
Our server, Rebecca (from Kentucky) was a gem. So friendly and attentive. The Manfriend and I started with a round of ginger mojitos which was a solid pick. The birthday boy and his little lady selected a bottle off of their rather extensive wine list. Glug glug. 
I started with their special bean and sausage soup that was topped with cheese. Delish. My dish was followed by their tomato and fresh mozz flatbread. Also delish. Are you seeing a pattern? 
And FINALLY a beautiful bunch of scallops was placed in front of me and I died and went to heaven. I mean these bad boys were cooked perfectly and not a speck of sand to be munched on. There were four but I could have eaten 10. So yummy. 
Like the true fat kids we are, everyone ordered dessert. They have a great selection of sorbets and gelatos. So naturally, I got ginger gelato and creme brûlée. 
The end. Happy dining. We highly recommend this place!I wish I could give 0 stars. Honestly.
Yesterday was my second time at Bliss and it was even worse than the first. Sadly.
I ordered the Roasted Beets Salad and a Cheese Plate and here is what I got:
When the menu clearly states "roasted" beets I do not anticipate diced beets from the jar that are cold. When asking the waiter about the fact that the beets are in no way, shape or form roasted, he insisted they were but also mumbled something along the lines of the beets having been boiled. Well, that's interesting but they have not been roasted. Additionally, I think I had exactly ONE goat cheese crumble in my salad. One. Not two. One. 
The Cheese Plate was a joke, at best. Four slices of cheese for $14? Seriously? A girl can't get a little chunk of cheese each at least? Does it really have to be just one teeny, tiny slice? To add insult to injury, the cheeses they serve are cheap brands you'll find at ALDI for ca. $4-5 for a whole package. So yeah. Needless to say I feel ripped off and mocked.First off, let me say that I don't normally give bad reviews of restaurants.  And I'm also pretty sheepish about speaking up and sending a plate back. But this was the worst restaurant experience I've ever had.  My wife and I were given a $100 gift card to Bliss, so we decided to try it out last night.  It was awkward from the very beginning.
It was Saturday night and the place was pretty empty. Despite the open seats all over the restaurant, the hostess showed us to a seat in the corner that was literally next to a drink stand covered in rags. Since the restaurant was empty-ish, we asked if it would be OK to move to another table.  She proceeded to set up another table directly next to (about 2 feet away from) another couple.  In an empty restaurant.  Awkward, but whatever.
We proceeded to order an appetizer, a salad, two entrees and drinks.  The appetizer (some sort of sushi roll dish) came out promptly but tasted as if it had been sitting in the back of a fridge all day.  It clearly was not fresh sushi, as the menu described.  (Apparently this place is a sushi joint for lunch?)  Anyway, I didn't want to make a big deal of it when the waiter returned to ask how everything was, but we ended up being honest with him and he insisted on taking it back.  He returned a few minutes later to say that there's nothing they can do -- it's just the way the dish is prepared.  He was generous and offered to bring us something else but we declined.  Not a huge deal, but strange after the seating situation.
Our entrees came and were decent.  I was a bit concerned when the waiter asked me if I wanted my pork tenderloin cooked rare, but hey, it tasted OK.  (Still alive 12 hours later.)   My wife had the duck, but wasn't impressed.  It seemed a bit overpriced for what you got.  At this point, we were just ready to go home.
The check came, so we gave the server our gift card and credit card (the bill was just over $100).  The manager then appeared at our table and told us that the balance on the gift card was $0.  What?!?!  I tried to keep my cool and explain that this was a gift from someone and I didn't know what to do.  He suggested that I call the person that gave me the card, before realizing that this would be awkward.  At this point, I really really just wanted to go home and put this experience behind me, but I also didn't want to shell out $100+ for an awful experience.  In the end, the manager was gracious and told us he would restore the card to $100.  We paid, got our coats and left.  Weird stuff.
In the end, I would say the manager and our server were definitely kind and gracious.  Not exactly apologetic for anything, but kind nonetheless.  Still, I would never go back to this place.  Maybe this was just a series of rare, unfortunate events, but it left a bad taste in my mouth (bad pun?).I had a good experience here, the food was good I had a filet and the drinks were good as well. I will say what they have in food, they lack in service. Our waitress just totally disappeared for long stretches of time and it was not crowded at all. I'd go again for the location.I really wanted to like Bliss more than I actually did.  This is not to say it was not a great dining experience, it just wasn't extraordinary.
The evening started with the boy and I arriving almost 30 minutes early for our 7pm reservation because we were hungry, and we were seated immediately after checking our coats and bags.
I started with the sweet potato soup, which came out almost immediately and was a creamy, sweet, and fresh start to the meal.  We were served warm focaccia as well, which was good, but not too flavorful.
For entrees, we had the "Lobster Risotto, Asparagus, Sundried Tomato Pesto" and the "Duck Breast, Duck Confit Stuffed Crepe, Sauteed Spinach, Caramelized Apple, Au Jus."  It took a while to get the plates out to us, so by the time they arrived, we were very excited.  My boyfriend liked the duck (which we got medium rare), stating that it was tender with a juicy layer of fat around the meat.  The duck confit was sweetened with a little bit of apple, which was a nice touch.  The lobster risotto was a pleasant, mild-flavored dish with a GENEROUS amount of lobster meat.  However, neither one of us was blown away by our dishes and felt like the flavors really weren't as bold and developed as they could have been.
For dessert, we ordered the "Hot Apple Crisp w/ Vanilla Gelato," which was the perfect mix of sweet, tart, and crispy.  I would recommend this if you're a fan of apple dessert.
Overall, a fine dining experience with great service and beautiful, a calm ambiance.  However, the food was not amazing, and I do not really have an urge to go back soon, but I am glad that I tried it.Bliss offers a good menu for a leisure lunch or business lunch. We often came by when we tired of the typical Italian fare/ Palm Restaurant (next door)'s offerings. We especially loved the al fresco dining area which was a great way to relax over a lovely meal.Had gone here once for lunch and wasn't unduly impressed.  Only went to dinner because I had a gift card.  I had the fried oyster appetizer, not bad, I've had better.  My steak entrée was mediocre, the meat was tough and not well flavored, the side of stuffed pepper with rice was also lacking in flavor with the pepper over-powering the rice.  The crème de brulee dessert was good.  Generally I find this place over-priced with small portions.  There is much better food at other restaurants within a block.  Not planning on going back.I recently visited Bliss a few weeks ago.  We were greeted at the door and we were sat immediately at the time of our reservation.
Our waitress was fantastic the atmosphere was very nice and the bartender poured a fantastic chocolate martini.
The manager came to our table and was making sure everything was running smooth.
For starters we each got a salad. I do not recall what my wife had but I had the Poached Pears, Mixed Greens, Candied Walnuts, Blue Cheese, Vanilla Bean with Pear Dressing salad. It was one of the best salads I ever had and I don't get to excited about salads.
For our entree my wife had the crab cakes. Of course i had to try them. They were cooked to perfection. If you like crab cakes you will definitely need to try these.
I had a special of the night which was a short rib. The short rib was done in a red wine sauce and was easy to cut with a fork and melted in your mouth.  
We also had the most delicious lemon dessert. I can not explain exactly what was in it but it was delicious and I am not a huge fan of lemon desserts.
I highly recommend a visit to Bliss especially if you are in town for a show!Just ate here and was shocked with the portions and prices. Was unable to finish my meal, the chicken sandwich was delicious and tried the crab cake sandwich and that was great as well. 
The service was great, was immediately seated and served. 
Definitely recommending this place. Ambience was relaxing. Probably not a good place for kids though but great for couples and groups. Thanks Bliss for an excellent lunch!!!Horrible. I went for their Valentine's day menu. I waited this long to write a review, because had I written it right after I dined, I would have had some not pretty things to say. First, it was expensive, which was expected, but for the quality of food we received, it was not okay. 
I ordered the lobster risotto, which had overcooked lobster and crunchy, undercooked risotto rice. I couldn't have been more upset. 
My date and I barely ate our meals, and then felt obligated to take home our leftovers because our server was so nice. My date and I promptly discarded our leftovers in the nearest trashcan. 
The only thing that was nice, was the free glass of champagne. 
Avoid this restaurant. 
Also, a note on ambiance. This restaurant attracts a much older crowd. Being a 20 something, I definitely felt out of place.Always consistent food and great service.
We had the new tuna roll app...great!
Crab cake has no filler!
Wait staff is very attentive.
Kitchen always tries to accommodateThe place is conveniently located to the convention center . The restaurant is small and very cozy . Service was amazing . The food was superb . We had lunch . Tried the burger , salmon , and the grilled cheese and tomato soup . All great choices . We definitively recommendTourist Trap at it's best is how I can describe this place. I give it one star because of the waiter who made the meal 1 star instead of a 1/2 star.  
I was dragged back because someone wanted to try this place again, even after I told them that my last meal there several years ago was bad.
Moving on, the prices are just way over priced, $ 10 for a horrible beet salad that looked like it was made the night before and tasted like it, $10 for a glass of bad Chardonnay, it tasted like Pino.
The roll was good, but they gave you a thimble of butter to but on the roll.
I ordered the Red Snapper which was  just flat out bad and the other ingredients just don't work with it. That was $28.
Take you money else where and have a better and cheaper meal.
To all of you coming from out of town, I apologize for this place. Philly has many better places to go to,I've known about this restaurant for some time, and now all of a sudden every one things it's cool. This is exactly what happened with Maroon 5.
Located right on Broad Street, large windows give passersby a view of the floor to ceiling water-ripple photos. This place won't save you too much dough, and the plates are meticulously arranged and displayed.
This is a great place for a date. And if you are particularly comfortable with your party (or just particularly self-confident), indulge in the Bliss' short ribs.Friday the 13th didn't hinder another great meal at bliss!! My only issue was two fellow patrons and their appalling behavior! The way he and his wife treated their poor waitress is disgraceful! The couple with them looked mortified! You two should be ashamed of yourselves!While planning the perfect date night with a wonderful lady, I found Bliss. It's proximity to the Academy of Music is what first drew my attention. I liked the look if the menu so I gave them a call to set up reservations. I mentioned that I was trying to impress a lovely lady and the man on the phone ( I didn't get his name, regrettably) was soooooo helpful!!  He told me not to worry about a thing, he would make sure that things went smoothly. AND HE DID!!  
We arrived and were seated at a corner table and were treated so well!!  Service was friendly, food was absolutely fantastic (especially the duck!!!) and the setting lent itself perfectly to our perfect night. 
I plan on returning to this gem of a restaurant as soon as I can!  
I can't thank them enough.I had a grilled cheese with apple slice inside. It was absolutely amazing.  I was skeptical when ordering but after biting in my taste buds were very pleased. It paired perfectly with the pumpkin soup which was truly amazing. The waitress was kind and knowledgeable of the menu and helpful with suggestions.Love this place! Great food and atmosphere! If you headed to a show, this is the place to go!!Will let you decide on my one star: 
Last Saturday ( Sunday before Valentine's Day) 
- seated without a drink menu( not a big deal)
-waitress didn't ask for drinks just asked if we were ready to order our meals ( not too bad)
- I ask what bourbons they have she comes back and say they don't have brandy 
-after 30 min ( I know this cause I was watching my watch and the guy seated next to me said you still haven't gotten your drink?) I then tell her bourbon and she brings back a clear glass which she insists is bulleit rye, it's gin.
-I go to the bar and get my drink (bad)
-we had to ask for the bread, that happened to be cold 
-dinner comes tells my date the cod she ordered was salmon 
- then we have to wait for utensils 
Outside the service, the food was on par with a meal you would find flying internationallyLet me start by saying that Bliss is a lovely venue. The soft lighting makes for great ambience. The jazz, the candle light the seating and the curtains all create a wonderful vibe. Unfortunately that's the only good thing about the restaraunt
I've been waiting for the chance to eat at Bliss for a very long time and am really disappointed that my experience fell way short of my expectation. 
I ordered pork dumplings for my first course, they were prepared well but came in a bowl of some sort of broth that was incredibly salty, for my second corse I had the roasted duck, cooked well. I expected a crispier skin but received a well seasoned over cooked piece of meat that didn't look the least bit appetizing even in the low lighting. Finally after all that, I ordered creme brule for dessert and was disheartened to find it cold and runny on the inside and way too hard and thick on top.
I am so very sorry to give this place such a low rating because the staff was extremely accomodating and the atmosphere was great but when there are a total of 7 diners on a Saturday night I expect a cook to take his time and create a meal that's near perfection and don't get me started on the trifold Scott papertowels in the ladies room...I live not too far from Bliss and walk by it often.  It is a simple place with a nice interior in a neighborhood that has a lot of variety.  It doesn't stand out but seems to have a pleasant atmosphere in the nicer weather when the windows/doors can be open to Broad St.
I took advantage of the LivingSocial voucher as well given that it was nearby.  I thought their menu looked great and had a tough time deciding exactly what I wanted.  I ended up with the poached pear salad which was very nice.  My mother had their soup of the day which was a ridiculously good, and yet seemingly healthy, cream of asparagus soup.  For my main meal I had a salmon sandwich and it was excellent.  The salmon was juicy and flavorful.  
I wish the atmosphere in this place was a bit more lively.  I think the food could definitely sustain this place but without much in the way of customers, I'm not sure how successful this restaurant will continue to be.I was also kind of shocked that Bliss was rated on the low side! 
We enjoy Bliss and find that the food is consistent and well made. My review isn't about everyday eating though, it's in reference to the great little midday cocktail reception that Chris Nonni put together for our wedding guests after our ceremony. 
It was a tricky time, 1-3pm on a Saturday in September, and we were so happy that Bliss could accomodate a capacity of 100 people during that time frame as many other restaurants could not. 
We put together a heavy hors d'oeuvres table with some additional butlered  selections, all of which ended up being delicious, a perfect temperature, and well-received by everyone.  There were three wine selections which all ended up pairing beautifully with the food. 
For decor, we worked with Nature's Gallery on two behemoth white orchid arrangements which sat on either side of the bar and little jars of white flowers on the tables around the restaurant, which looked quite lovely with the refreshing ocean themed triad of art pieces on the wall. 
Throughout the party, the staff that attended our guests were cheerful and assertive, and were kind enough to make a little plate of everything for me while I was being ushered here and there to greet guests (I had completely forgotten about this particular need all day). 
We look forward to going back as soon as we can get back to the city, and really encourage anyone needing a private event space to consider Bliss.  In addition to the main seating downstairs, they have a second floor mezzanine area which would be perfect for a private party.Great restaurant... Not too big.. on Broad st.. Ave of the Arts.. BIGGG Cheese plate.. delicious Hot Seafood Bowl...-- Bring your date or spouse..  Not really a family restaurant, but we always bring our 2 kids, Mateo and Alana  :)I am all about zany.  If quirky and unusual can be used to describe my experience, then it's pretty much a guarantee that I'm gonna give that something five stars....5 million thumbs up.....43 snaps in a circle.
Something in planet weird aligned to make everything occur how it should have during my evening at Bliss.  In particular, the universe decided to give me Kevin as my waiter.  Im pretty sure his name was Kevin.  Boisterous, sarcastic, flirty, a little touch feely, a lot giving of hard-timey....but at the same time, really really seems to love and know his chef's food.  He also seemed to know a lot about the town and the places we should go based on what he could gather about our personalities.  I wish I could have hired him on as a personal person to ensure I had a good time wherever the world decides to take me in the future.
I'm a vegetarian....and while Bliss doesn't really have a lot on the menu that caters to vegetarians, the one dish that they do offer WAS EFFING AMAZEBALLS!!!!  It was  a pasta dish just wam bam thank you ma'am chalk full of flavor.  holy crap.  I could have horked down more than just the appetizer size portion I ordered.  I needed to slap somebody to express how good that was.Was there on a Sat couple weeks ago, tried to get a reser for an early evening dinner but they were booked up so I made a later reser that same night. Glad I did. The food was better than I heard. Service was spot on. I had the crab cake app which was one of the best, loaded with jumbo lump crab meat. My guest had the pear salad which she loved. I got the entree special, Chilean Sea Bass, which was out of this world. She got the lobster risotto and raved about it. Overall a great meal and great experience at Bliss. Glad I went back that night!I had eaten at Bliss in recent years on business trips to Philly.  There were a couple of lovely dinners (eaten at the bar, chatting with another patron and a fantastic bartender before a performance a couple of blocks away) and one nice lunch with a friend.  The most recent of those experiences was about a year and a half ago and wow, have things changed (and definitely NOT for the better).
I was in Philadelphia a week or two ago, again on business.  I had plans to meet a client for a weekday lunch and when thinking of possible options, I recalled Bliss.  My client is a celiac and can't eat gluten/wheat.  I looked online and saw that Bliss' lunch menu had a number of gluten free options that looked quite tasty (including a risotto, pork stir fry, etc.).  Additionally, the online menu (found here, still as of July 5, 2010: http://www.bliss-restaurant.com/lmenu.asp), indicated that there was also a two course prix fixe lunch menu available in addition to the regular lunch menu.  All of these options, combined with the easy location, seemed to make Bliss a no-brainer.  I passed along the link to the menu to my client.  She was excited and thanked me for considering her dietary restrictions and said that she thought it was perfect.  I made the reservation via OpenTable.
When I showed up a few minutes early for my reservation, the restaurant was completely empty, save one person.  A nice gentleman indicated that I should sit wherever I liked.  However, when I picked a corner table far away from the open windows (It was really hot that day), he said that I could sit anywhere but there since that was held for a regular (I can't remember if anyone was seated there throughout out meal).
I perused the menu while waiting for my dining companion and was disheartened to find it very different than the one posted online (that is still posted online as I currently type).  The risotto was gone and there were very few obviously gluten-free options.  When she arrived, she was a bit disappointed with this discovery as well since it would mean that there would need to be lots of questions asked of the waiter, possible changes requested in menu items, etc.
My client also asked about the prix-fixe menu that was mentioned (and still is) on their website.  He said that there wasn't one.  I mentioned that it was on the website and he just shrugged.  Similarly, he didn't seem to know the specifics of the menu items very well.  When my companion had questions, he didn't seem to have answers (for any of them, including if a sauce was roux-based or not), nor did he volunteer to go ask the chef.  We had to tell him to go ask.  My client ended up having to make several alterations to her dish.  I settled on a salmon dish.  I asked how the salmon was prepared, indicating that I'd like it medium rare.  He said that was how the chef does it.
We split a salad first.  It was decent enough, but the pears were mealy and didn't seem fresh.  Then our main courses came.  The kitchen did get her requests correct and the item was (blessedly) gluten free.  The dish placed in front of me contained the saddest, most unappetizing piece of fish I had ever seen.  It was served (oddly) skin-side up.  The skin had not been cooked properly (and it looked like it took a couple of tries to do anything to it).  It was a light brown-grayish, curled mess.  The salmon was most certainly not medium rare (It was definitely done) and  about a quarter inch of the fish closest to the skin was gray and disgusting looking.  I should have complained, but I didn't want to at a business meeting.  The sauce included with the dish was cloying and thick and the rice wasn't particularly well-cooked.  Because of all of this, I was too embarrassed to ask my client how her dish was.
After some really pleasant and tasty experiences before, I don't know what has happened at this place with regard to both food (especially) and service.  The price paid was nearly comical (or rather depressing) for what was received.  It was simply terrible.  I travel to Philadelphia often for work and will definitely not be returning to Bliss.  I'll be telling others to avoid it as well.  What a disappointment!Conveniently located just a block from the Kimmel Center, we stopped by for a pre-theater dinner.  We were a little worried about only having 1.5 hours, but our waiter assured us that they're used to the theater crowd and we'd be out with time to spare.
We started with the Ahi Tuna Rolls (okay, but needed a higher fish:rice ratio) and the Homemade Gnocchi (so fresh and delicious!).  My entree was the Short Ribs special, which had been cooked for 24 hours - tender and great flavor and served with delicious Leek Mashed Potatoes.My husband and I shared the watermelon salad and were rather unimpressed. I got the seafood hot pot and was disappointed--the seafood was really over cooked and the broth was somewhat flavorless. My husband ordered the Chilean sea bass and thought it was just okay. We did not have dessert, but we both enjoyed our cocktails. I had the Bliss martini and he had a Manhattan. I really wanted to like this place, but we won't be back.We had dinner in November before attending the Marian Anderson Awards.  As we looked at many of the other restaurants in the area before choosing here, it was a great choice. Location was perfect before attending any of the theaters in the area.  And although we made sure to give ourselves enough time, the restaurant was very good at time management before the theater. The restaurant is small, but you never feel too close to the other patrons. There were 4 of us for dinner and we had the Short Ribs, Pork, Sea Bass and Crab cake entrees. Everything was so good, we shared it all. This place is great for a date or with family.  We will definitely go again.
PS - we even saw local celebrity Mike Jerrick from Fox29.  Thanks Bliss for making it a great night.My boyfriend was like a child everytime we passed Bliss. He always points and states that "we have got to go there". We finally went...not really impressed. I had the lobster risotto-it was so dry. Certainly not what I had in mind for risotto. My boyfriend had the duck and I enjoyed it much more than my own meal. The service was good, but the later it got the more anxious our waiter got. We left at 10pm, which is a full hour before they close, but maybe our waiter had somewhere to be because he kept looking at us as we chatted after the meal. I did not hate Bliss, but I would not recommend it to friends either. In a city full of wonderful restaurants I can think of many more places to send them. For the price ($100+ for two people) I was disappointed.I have read many of the reviews and I guess people should start going for Lunch.  I love the salmon sandwich, flat bread, salads and salmon with butternut squash risotto.  The owner always takes the time to ask about the food and service.I randomly decided to go here on a slow summer afternoon with a male friend of mine and was immediately welcomed by a very friendly older man who seemed to be the manager. He said we could sit anywhere because the restaurant was pretty much empty so we sat outside because it was nice. My friend got a burger which looked very juicy and he loved it and kept saying it was one of the best burgers he had ever had, which coming from a guy who works as a butcher for a living should mean a lot. I got a cranberry salad which was very good and had the perfect sweetness to it.Bliss has delicious food! I've dined here many times and the service is usually very good minus one time. When I called for a reservation I asked not to have that particular server take care of us. I was assured it would never happen again and that person was replaced after other complaints. We had a lovely dinner, received wonderful service, and even complimentary drinks. One bad apple shouldn't spoil the bunch or a good restaurants reputation.I had a business lunch at Bliss recently, and realized that I totally forgot about this gem.  I recall having a lovely dinner here a few years ago, and I hadn't returned in a long time.  Something about Broad Street makes me forget that Bliss is tucked away down the street from Cap Grille, Ruth's Chris, and other carnivorous spots.  
The atmosphere is Asian-inspired and very natural, and dining for lunch is really nice with lots of sunlight beaming in the windows.  
I had delectable diver scallops on crispy polenta cakes with spinach and a roasted red pepper coulis.  It was quite yummy.  Good-sized portion with just enough food.  I didn't walk out with "food coma" either (which is a good thing).
Bliss's menu is diverse.  I would like to try their dinner entrees.  There is a lobster risotto that has my name on it...plus lamb chops, duck breast...etc.  Heads up - I hear they're starting half-price sushi, bar menu and kobe burger for happy hour, weekdays 4p-6p.  Sweet deal!Bliss, noun.  1.  complete happiness  2. paradise, heaven
Enough said?
We dined at Bliss on Friday night before a show, and certainly experienced a blissful meal.  Our waiter was one of the best I have ever had.  He was mindful of the time to make sure we had an enjoyable dining experience while making it to our show with plenty of time.  
The food was wonderful - the pear salad with candied walnuts and vanilla bean dressing was out of this world, and our waiter happily substituted goat cheese for blue cheese upon my request.  I enjoyed the lobster risotto - decadent and delicious.  All of our meals were wonderful and the wine was excellent.  A definite must-go for pre-theater or just a night on the town!We went here for a pleasant dinner before attending a show at the Kimmel Center.  I had heard great things about the restaurant, so we were looking forward to the evening.  Bottom line, this was a mixed experience and so at best the overall rating is 3 stars.  First, when we entered the restaurant - no one was at the desk.  We waited and finally I got the attention of the bartender who had someone from the back come out to seat us and confirm our reservation.  So I immediately sense there is something off.  Now, you should know that the food did not drop their star rating.  It is really how they got a 3.  The Pappardelle pasta was delicious as was the calamari and the Filet Mignon.  The Bluecoat martinis were done perfectly and we had good pours of wine.  So why do I give it only 3 stars?  It was our server.  He seemed as if he were "performing" a theatrical piece of his own design with grand gestures and a poorly written script -- rather than serving.  Every interaction came with some attempt at wit and charm, but it seemed strained and contrived.  The "young man" and the "petite young lady" lines might have worked a few decades ago on us, but they were a bit off putting now!  Yet, it wasn't just the old trite lines; it was the lack of attention.  I can never understand when a server is at another nearby table and never looks in your direction - to save them a trip, to see if you need anything, etc.  This server had that down to a science - he never looked at us unless we waved in his direction.  So when I saw the calamari come out of the kitchen; I also saw it sit, and sit, and sit on the counter.  Our server was nowhere to be found.  Finally; another server swooped it up and delivered it to our table.  When we pointed out it was cold - this new server - quite professionally said he would have them make a new batch and also made some rather generous adjustments to our bill.  The food was quite good.  The second server was attentive and professional, but alas our original server returned to close out the meal.  The message to management - if I wanted "dinner theatre" I would have gone somewhere else that night.  Also, one of the reasons I chose this restaurant was because it offered a discount on the expensive center city parking.  Never once did anyone ask us "where did we park," or "are you seeing a show" - anytime we are in NYC to see a show, they always ask us this - usually the server does it.  Well I guess our server was too busy being his own show to ask about us and we forgot to mention it.  We called the next day and brought this to the attention of the person on the phone - not sure they got that either.My boyfriend and I saw The Nutcracker back in December and were looking for somewhere to go beforehand. He had been to Bliss before and it was exactly how he described it: "It's okay, I mean it's small and the food is decent" 
Pros: 
*Near the theaters
*Decent food
*Clean 
Cons:
*This place would have gone out of business a long time ago if it wasn't for the fact that it's in the theater district. At the price you pay, you should get better food. It was okay, I just expect more for the price.
*We had to ask for bread, both times from the guy with the bread basket, it wasn't brought to your table, which was weird.
*Our server asked if we were going to a show, which I thought "Great! She knows we aren't here to linger because we have to be somewhere!" but the food came in a timely manner but the check didn't. Which made me nervous because I didn't want to be late.
Bottom Line: If you are seeing a show, go somewhere you will spend the same amount of money for better food.Nice menu for the price.  Shrimp spring Rolls were excellent. Crab Cake entree good, but was not served hot. Filet Mignon was bland. Creme Brûlée was average.  not finished off to order. Made earlier. Service was great.Visited this place on thursday night July 25 about 730. Plenty of seating available and definitely did not need to make the reservation. Used a groupon for dinner. Started with the grilled octopus for an app. which was nothing special, somewhat bland thought it was cooked well and tender it definitely could have used something to bring it up a notch. My girlfriend ordered the hanger steak, medium which came out a little over cooked, the chimichurri sauce was delightful and the steak itself was nothing to brag about. I on the other hand had the pan seared half chicken which was amazing to say the least. Portion size was excellent and it was tender and juicy. The sides provided (mushroom and pea risotto, and spinach) were excellent as well. Our server Kevin, was extremely friendly, knowledgeable and on point. I'll give it a 4 star for my entre and the service, its probably a 3.5 in reality. 
Also the bread that was served beforehand is in need of changing, it is extremely bland. Ive had better starter bread from franchise restaurants.Food was excellent.  Service was even better. Kevin and Becky were great. I had the cod and my partner had the scallops. Both were fantastic. We split the chocolate torte and blood orange sorbet for desert. Delicious.