Here are my thoughts. I live in Center City and have for years. I'm a half-block away from this location and pop in 7-10 times a week. If you remember the place that was here before, The Coffee Bar, then you would know that this place is an upgrade. 
First, let's talk about how it is one of the very few places you can get quality Matcha tea in the area. For a big city like Philly, this is kinda sad. Also, the menu isn't built for people who want to sit down and eat 3 plates of bacon. Little Pete's, which is also amazing, is across the street for that. This menu has quinoa, avocado toast, eggs, granola, etc. They have a ton of gluten-free options as well. The coffee menu has flat whites, black and whites, long blacks, piccolos, etc. It is just very different than what is in Philly right now. And I think that is a good thing.
The ambiance is much better than before, too. The place is bright white and well-lit. When it first opened of course there were kinks to be worked out. That is everywhere. Federal Donuts, Double Knot, and other spots I've been to have all had hiccups when they started. For me, it was them running out of things I wanted to order. Since then it hasn't happened, and I'm guessing because they nailed down their sales. 
Lastly, I have seen some complaining about price. And that's what compelled me to write this review. I assume that if you can leave a Yelp review, then you can look up prices online. Or better yet, on the menu when you're in the store. If you don't want to pay for organic avocado on gluten-free toast with an organic egg then don't do it. Again, you're paying for organic and gluten-free. It's not cheap anywhere. 
I think it's fitting that Bluestone Lane is situated between Parc and Little Pete's. Not cheap delicious diner food and not overly expensive French cuisine. Something in the middle. For those of us who live in the neighborhood, this option is not only welcome but much-needed.This place is nice, the staff excellent but I went in the evening right before they were about to close. I ordered coffee didn't like how the person grabbed the cup putting his fingers inside to hold it. Very small cup why did you need to hold it from the inside to make my espresso. Seems like people can't hold a cup without touching the lip or insides. Okay I pay for it, don't feel like going through the hassle. Didn't drink it just stared at it as I sat at the counter by the window waiting for my friend. lo and behold they are breaking down things, rolling up rugs, etc. I start seeing the mice.  I know, I know every place has a mouse maybe but this was like they were free running around the base boards playing cat and mouse but a cat was not involved. Only us humans it was crazy. Glad I was sitting up high on a stool. My feet were out of the way. After that I never went back; first Serv Safe training refresher course needs to be meted out and second an exterminator put on board. Those mice were way too comfortable.Bluestone Lane in NYC is a wonderful place and serves up great food. The Philadelphia location, however, seems to not quite get it yet. Hopefully it'll get better. The avocado smash was served up on store-bought, low-quality wheat bread. Not what the menu indicates. No reason provided by the server. The coffee was, however, as good as always and the space on the inside is nice. Bottom line, if you want a nice place to hang out, grab coffee, and chat with others, Bluestone Lane in Philadelphia should do you well. If you're looking for food, head elsewhere.Came here again as I was invited back to try it out again. The last time I came, I was really disappointed and subsequently gave a bad review. 
However, my experience this time has changed completely. I had the brekkie board which is Avo Toast and Collective Granola. Seriously 5 stars, tasted great, didn't need to add anything to it, was fresh and well presented. 
Drinks wise- got a cold brew and turmeric latte. Cold brew was as you'd expect, but turmeric latte was amazing. I usually make them at home but whatever they did to it with almond milk and honey was unreal. 
Met with Kurt and Scott (managers) both were kind and had great customer service.
Overall the service was quick, Kurt was very knowledgeable about the entire menu and was able to give good recommendations.One of my must things to do in Philadelphia. WE love the coffee and the food. The Avocado smash is my go too and we stop in the afternoons for 4:00 coffee too! The menu is full of fresh, healthy. As a regular here, I am always pleased by the quality of their coffee, food and overall presentation.Perfect breakfast!  We were able to linger over the Australian style brunch that offered enough of an array of offerings to satisfy a range of tastes and diets. But the highlight was our server, Chanel. She was delightful, organized and easily provided separate checks. She even took the time to help us download a loyalty app for the place. Great start to a weekend away!Ordered via postmates. Their site says they do brunch until 5:30 yet I was told at 4 PM that they were closed and only serving drinks.
So I then tried reaching them by phone two or three times and no one picked up. Really?Great coffee, brunch options and friendly staff! I highly recommend the golden latte and avo smash.This place was so basic it hurt. Caters to the bouschey rittenhouse crowd. Beachy theme for Australia I guess?? Avocado toast and breakfast bowls, which were, obviously filling. The service was terrible. I spent most of my time waiting for someone to fill my tables's water jug (which didn't happen), and THEY DONT TAKE CASH. They're a coffee shop that doesn't take cash. Attached to the Warwick hotel so be warned.In town for some business. Just tried their breakfast. It was delicious. Loved the presentation and the taste. Perfect place to have breakfast. Today was a rainy day and  the classic music playing made it an even better ambience.Loved it. Fresh produce. Great breakfast selections including vegetarian, turkey and pork sausage. Gluten free bread. Fresh juices. Family friendly casual atmosphere.The ambiance of this place is fantastic!  It's bright colors and natural light give it the perfect cafe feel.  The menu is unique and delicious!  I tried the Green Baked Eggs and they were a hit!  I would most definitely order them again, but apparently the avocado smash is a popular menu item as well.  Prices were reasonable, and most importantly....the coffee tastes great.  I had speedy service and the staff is extremely friendly and courteous.  The waitress also told me that they just started BYOB which will make this place even better for weekend brunch if you can bring your own champagne or even bring a bottle of wine in the evening and have some light snacks with friends. I'm looking forward to coming back here!I loved the cafe design! Bright, nice colors, great accessories. Made me feel good!
Service was fast and nice. Food (avocado smash and green eggs bake) were very 
tasty and fulfilling, cappuccino was relatively good. And it was right in the hotel we stayed in. Maybe a little expensive to eat every day but was ok for once in a while.The cashier is so rude!! We came here by coincidence while walking aroind during the nice weather, to try a new coffeeshop to enjoy some food and coffee. The cashier who works on Sunday 2/19/17 at 2pm is such a rude girl who made our Sunday terrible. She shouldnt be working if she hates her job, if she is gonna make happy customers unhappy. Never coming back and not recommending at all
Edit: the manager messaged me saying that he would like to host me and a friend to make it up for the rude service. I did not accept it however the manager has been very nice and very interested in solving this issue that I increased the stars --just because the manager cares a lot about his business  & wants to improve its issues, and I am all for supporting small&local businessesWe stumbled into Bluestone lane in search of a pick me up.
This is opposite of your normal coffee stop that's dark and brooding with scholars, hipsters and toddler towing mom side glances as you enter. Don't get me wrong there are still many patrons with heads buried in laptops but the light and airy decor of Bluestone Lane is very refreshing.
Hubs had a double espresso to add additional hair to his chest while I opted for an iced cafe mocha. Both were satisfying and accomplished the caffeine rush craved! I will be returning to check out the avocado smash!I'm so embarrassed to say this but the the smashed avocado is to die for.
I'm barely a millennial so I don't feel that bad about saying it, but it's so good.  So chunky and rich.  The bread is thick and hearty.  It's great.  Coffee comes in a little glass jug so that's a little over the top pretentious but overall, great breakfast spot.  Beautiful design and friendly service.best avo toast ever. & best staff ever :) I come here every Saturday after SoulCycle with my friends definitely a must visit if you're getting brunch in center city!This place is a real gem. Everything is so well designed from the food to the interior. All details are so well orchestrated. We had an amazing avocado smash and breakfast bowl that we will be dreaming of into the future. You won't be disappointed.Very accommodating for food allergies. The eggs and quinoa salad were great! The ambience is really cool it kind of has a coffee shop vibe but it isn't too loud so it's a great place to go with friends!Every single time I go to Philly, I stop by Bluestone Lane for breakfast. As an avid avocado and toast eater, Bluestone Lane has probably one of my favorites. Also, try their matcha latte with almond milk, it's an amazing drink to start your mornings.Great breakfast in a hotel lobby restaurant. The service from our server Chanel really made the meal. She was warm, helpful and attentive. Interesting menu with some interesting and healthy options. The yogurt with house made granola and lemon curd was yummy. All 6 at our table loved their meals. We will definitely returnI usually love this place. But today went in for an espresso at 5:30pm knowing they close at 6 and they had already taken down the espresso machine for the night! If you are open until 6 then you should serve until 6! Seems like they are just in a rush to close and inconveniencing their customers. 
Very disappointed.Great breakfast and enhanced by the service by our waitress Chanel who was attentive and friendly. She also made us feel very welcomed and I would definitely come back.I just left here 10 minutes ago. I am from out of town and wanted a ricotta toast for the road to the airport. I got in the car and opened it up and it's basically nothing. They forgot to put the ricotta on and the strawberries, which is essentially the whole meal. So I literally have 2 pieces of bread to eat for 6$. What a waste of my money .
Since writing my review, the business owner reached out to me and completely refunded me for the mistake. It was handled very well after the fact, so I'm giving this 4 stars! Thanks Nick!This is my absolute favorite avocado toast! Drove all the way from the suburbs just to get it. Highly recommend! Also appreciated the Beyoncé playlist. Thanks Davi for the great service!Got the waffles- really quite tasteless and coated in sugar. Was hard and cold by time I got it. Also came with like blueberry yoghurt which didn't go at all with a waffle. Overpriced as well.Some of the best coffee is town and a terrific casual menu that changes each season. Lovely, bright ambience - the sort of place you could relax in and read books all day. The only drawback is occasionally the service - some staff are great and others seem really disinterested. Still a go-to cafe.Unique brunch menu. Relaxed ambiance. Very attentive staff. Great location in center city. Convenient to many hotels. Loved my double latte. Definitely a repeat when in Philly.LOVED the banana bread and breakie board. highly recommend. deff coming here more often!Food is good. Had a recent bad experience with the service. Waitress snapped at us for asking for the checkOkay coffee, only take credit or debit no cash (wtf?). But a bunch a hipsters work here. I came to Philly to avoid that. Bye.Great place to catch up with a friend during the week. Really difficult to find a table on a Saturday or Sunday morning. The cappuccinos are beautiful and the food is delicious! Only downfall is the price. $20+ for a Cappucino and toast, say what?Greatttttt coffee and friendly, helpful service. Clean and open, reasonably priced and delicious menu.Drinking my almond latte now- it's creamy and smooth in a way not all baristas can Work almond milk.Terrific food ( bacon & egg roll, banana bread)! Excellent coffee drinks. Stinky attitudes. Workers do not appear happy, some poor attitudes. Maybe it's just that I'm from the Heartland. This could be just the regional attitude? Again, this did not reflect on the products. Will return.On my way to Sunday brunch I was able to find this amazing spot off locust called Bluestone lane. And I must say that the food was exquisite and the service was impeccable. Not too mention, a great coffee stop. Our server Davian was not only friendly, but he was attentive at all times and that's exactly the kind of service We wanted.I come here every Sunday, and while I've never been wowed by the service, it's a decent cup o' joe convenient to my weekly appointment, so I keep coming back. After today, I don't plan to return... I walked into the cafe and there was no one in line, so I walked right up to the counter. The tall male behind the register, who is almost always behind the register, didn't acknowledge me at all. Then a female employee asked for a cup of ice, for herself, from across the room -- which he got for her. He slams the cup of ice down, then he looks to me, somewhat exasperated and says, "What can I get you?" I say, "Hi, I'd like a small iced coffee", and I pull my credit card out to pay. He said the price so quickly and quietly that I didn't hear him and asked him to repeat. He said $3.78 as he was filling a cup with ice for my coffee. Now, I have to admit,  I was a little shocked at that amount, this place has the ambiance of a chain, so I said, "Ohhh.. no, I don't want that anymore. What do you ha ---" Before I finished my sentence, he had already thrown the ice back into the bin, and stormed off! Like he was upset that I didn't want to pay $4 for a cup of iced coffee... [as a former barista, I know nobody reeeally wants to pay $4 for a cup of iced coffee, and that's ok - it's not a reflection on you - got it, dude?] I stood there, with my mouth literally open, credit card in hand, expecting him to return - which he didn't. I couldn't believe he had walked away as I was trying to order something else! Suffice it to say, I'll go to PS&Co or even Starbucks (gasp!) if I need coffee in the future. I really don't like writing bad reviews, but this was too ridiculous not to.Cool space, with plenty of room and a nice selection of unique food and drink. Strangely not a lot of outlets available so not somewhere to come to work for the long haul but great for coffee with a friend.Nice atmosphere-- clean and inviting.  A bit cold, like literally needed a jacket, but other than that very pleasant atmosphere. 
Good coffee with great presentation and food was good. 
I will return in future.I love this place- great food! It does get very crowded unfortunately, so I try to go on off days.Fun atmosphere and decor. Delish food too! Within walking distance from lots downtown.
Would definitely return to do work there or bring a friend for lunch. My only drawback was the price. Mainly solid place however.I love this place! It's my second time here and I see myself becoming a regular. Cozy, quaint café vibe, patient, warm waiters (literally, Davian let me and even offered to change my milk substitute for coffee after it was made), delicious creative food, and ahh just come and sit on these pillow couches!Had a fabulous breakfast with great recommendations and service from besutiful ChanelThe chai latte here is probably the best I have ever had. The space is beautiful and modern with a serene and slightly beach-inspired vibe. Good food, good coffee. A little on the pricey side but still a really good experience! Would go back for the chaiGreat latte + delicious gluten-free zucchini bread!
Negatives: long wait times for anything other than the pre-baked goods in the front case. A key card is needed to access the bathroom, which is located in the hallway to the attached hotel. 
Our order took 1hr+ to come out. We were perplexed how it could take that long to undercook some eggs and place them over reheated beans (in my partner's case) and sautéed spinach and mushrooms (in my case). Both dishes were nearly flavorless, so required use of the table salt. Therefore, there was no deliciousness factor to redeem the long wait time. We definitely could have done a better job ourselves in our own kitchen and for much less money (both dishes combined were $22).
Our waitress is my heroine of the day for her friendliness and skill in handling the kitchen delay. She gave us the zucchini bread on the house to make up for the wait, which we really appreciated.
Though I love how the cafe is styled (bright, happy, and clean), I won't waste my time/ money again to stay for breakfast. I would, however, come back to order a coffee and zucchini bread to go!Great coffee and super yummy avocado toast!!! And I love Aussie iced latte there :) (iced latte + ice cream on top!!) super friendly staff as well I come here almost daily basis now hahaStopped in for late breakfast. Everything was delicious from the coffee, fresh fruit, yogurt, homemade granola. My friend had the gluten-free banana bread and was thrilled! It was delicious, very generous serving with fresh fruit, nuts and a dollop of ricotta cheese. Service was also really good and the place is so cute & light inside! The mains were bit pricy for a quick breakfast/brunch. We had smaller dishes but servings were super generous.This is a great cafe for meetings and or leisurely visit. Their menu and food is great. Staff are very friendly and polite. Can't beat the location- it's a block away from Rittenhouse Square. Highly recommend.cutest Australian place with the best coffee & brunch in Rittenhouse! great service from Davian!It opens for brunch before 10 which sets it apart from the other brunch places in Philly. The food is satisfactory but generally lacks flavor. Must add salt. The portions are small to medium in size. I recently ordered a poached egg and it came hard boiled. This is inexcusable for a breakfast place.
P.s. They need more high chairs. Not enough available.Love this place! If you're looking for big flavor I definitely recommend the Green Eggs! Also greatly appreciated the amount of Beyoncé in their playlist! Thanks Davi for the great service!I've always wanted to try this cafe and on my first trip to Philly I finally got the chance! The cafe is light and airy with a healthy and refreshing menu. The staff is very welcoming and the food is delicious! Best breakfast spot in Rittenhouse Sq!Great breakfast sandwich, cool atmosphere connected to Warwick hotel.Cute spot from decor to food/drink presentation.  Prices on food area little high for what you get, but the attention to detail and favors account for that.  Good seating and well lit space to get some work done!Perfect Saturday morning. Came at 9:45am and there was no wait. My best friend and I were looking to start our ladies' weekend with a happy, healthy breakfast. 
The turmeric latte I've had here before was amazing; we ramped it up and each got the Wellness Flight (golden, matcha, and beetroot lattes). So beautiful. 
Food: Brekkie Board and Pea and Mint smash. Some of the most healthy and satisfying food - it makes you feel good! Happily surprised at the pea and mint flavor combination. 
Atmosphere - lively and bright, but low-key enough to feel okay with a book and coffee (for a little while). 
Love it here!Bright airy coffee shop. Coffee was very good. I did not order food, but customers around us did and it looked appetizing.Came to try the long blacks and flat whites. Liked the flat whites more. Instantly transports me back to New Zealand.Just okay. The ambiance is cozy and nice, but the food isn't good. I ordered the skillet, and it was really tasteless. I don't know why the place is so popular... I'll probably come back to try their drinks another time.Brandon is the king of latte art. Totally made my morning! They have Saratoga spring water here... Always a good choice. Open at 6:30am on weekdays. Nice and quiet atmosphere. You can get your coffee to go or they have ceramic mugs if you want to stick around. Definitely better than Starbucks!This was an excellent breakfast spot! I had the avocado toast that is largely portioned. The avocado was fresh and well accompanied with various seasonings and spices. To make it even fresher, sprouts were added making it feel even healthier!I recently got back from Australia and have been really craving a flat white, so when I remembered this place as I was about to walk by I got super excited. Rebecca helped me at the counter and she was delightful and my drink was excellent! I have also eaten the avocado toast here before and it was really good! The cafe is very cute and welcoming and I can't wait to bring my husband for a nice brunch and pretend we are back in Melbourne.Beautiful cafe!! I walked in at lunch time today and they had a live jazz duo playing. I was greeted by a few of the workers as I entered, making me feel very welcomed. I wasn't able to enjoy the food but I did see a lot on tables and it looked healthy and delicious! I will definitely be back!!!Cute place, but is always packed and the servers seem quite overwhelmed (went both for coffee one morning, and for breakfast midday on a Saturday). The food is great, and a good price (we had a pressed juice, matcha latte, a flat white, "red baked eggs' aka shakshuka, and avocado mash). A run of the mill hipster coffee place with fine offerings.Came in for coffee with friends and saw they had affegatto--awesome! Just had a big lunch though so asked how big it would be. What was not awesome was the barista's attitude. He started explaining what an affegatto was and I said "I know what it is I asked how big it was." Truthfully I may have come off a bit snippy being quite in a food coma from lunch, but still the barista's subsequent "that's what I'm doing" in a curt and and unprofessional tone confirmed my suspicions of this pretentious place.Before stopping here make sure you check out the menu first. I decided to drop in because hey it was right there anyways. I ordered a coffee & decided to dine in. The price on the board (menu) was different from the price they charged me. Not sure if it is because I dined in. I didn't order any food after looking at the lunch menu. Options are limited, and nothing really seemed too appetizing, so do your research before dropping in! I do have to say the service was good.Have been back a few times and never had as good an experience (they stopped serving the quinoa porridge).  Had the quinoa oatmeal today - brought to table at room temperature.  Sat and waited for server to return for over 5 minutes.  Finally flagged someone down, returned the dish, and after another 7 to 10  minutes, received luke-warm dish.  Barely edible - thick, gloppy serving with few tiny slices of apple and sprinkling of toasted coconut.  No milk on the side.  Waiter never returned to table.  Given the price ($12), expected a far more fabulous take on porridge.  Very disappointed, won't be back.I really wanted to like paying $10 for a tiny portion of Granola and avocado toast but the people were rude. It was our first time here So not sure how the seating worked and walked up and politely asked if we could grab a seat and we were snipped at to let us know that they were on a wait and to please stand over there. I said no need and we would we takeout and then the people right behind us came in and took the seats we were eyeing without talking to the hostess. Granola was good but apparently not the same with manners. Oh well.As an Australian, Bluestone Lane is my favourite brekky spot in Philly!  The food and coffee are great, with the attention to detail you find in Aussie cafes like freshly baked sourdough bread and healthy but tasty ingredients. Fave dishes include avo smash with poached eggs and the mushrooms. Only downside is service can suffer when they're really busy, but in my book it's always worth it for an authentic Aussie cafe experience :)I was invited back to Bluestone Lane and experienced the beautiful decor and friendly service for the second time today.  I love the colors here, as they are straight out of my dream kitchen/dining space.  Something about light green and gray and white gives a space a sense of being calming and clean.
Onto the food:  This time I ordered the breakfast bowl.  It included cherry tomatoes, feta, avocado, sauteed kale, a poached egg and red quinoa.  I was impressed with the portion size, as I wasn't able to finish it - a big deal for a plate cleaner like me!  
I thought this meal had a lot of good qualities and just a few areas of improvement.  All of these ingredients went very well together, so that you could take a bite of any two or three of them and it was a solid mix of flavors.  (It's a deconstructed bowl, so it's up to the diner to either mix it all together or to assemble individual bites throughout the meal.)  
I will say that without the feta, there was no salt/seasoning in the dish, so each bite did need that component in order to taste complete.  The poached egg was also overcooked, but I'm not as deeply in love with runny eggs as everyone else seems to be, so it was alright with me.
Lastly, the staff and owner stay on top of quality improvement and I really do appreciate that.  There was no defensiveness, just genuine open-mindedness and accommodation.  That unique quality plus the healthiest breakfast I've had in quite awhile made me a happy diner today.Amazingly cute atmosphere. Remarkably weak coffee. 
**If you have a nut allergy, ask about the matcha tea because it uses almond milk and that wasn't clear.I went on a Sunday morning, and was told there would be a wait (as expected during brunch on a Sunday). I requested one of the counter spaces by the window, as I saw that there were many of those spaces open. My phone number was taken, and I was given an estimated wait time of 10 minutes by the host. 
The entire time I was waiting, there was 4-5 spots on the counter by the window clean and open, but I was not seated until 25 minutes later. The host apologized for the wait, and I was seated at one of those same seats that had been open the entire time. 
After I was seated, I was left without any service for 20 minutes. Two customers were then placed to sit near me on the counter, and a server approached them, took their orders, and walked away. I was never tended to, after sitting there for 25 minutes. I turned around upset that I had been ignored, and the host noticed my expression and sent the waitress back. 
When she approached me, her greeting was, "Did you want to order food?" Yes, that's why I came. Turned out the item I wanted to order wasn't available, so I ended up leaving without food after an hour of wasted time.
Normally I would go ahead and order something else but after the poor service, I decided to just give my business to another place. I got exactly what I wanted and with prompt and friendly service at Res Ipsa a few blocks away.Wanted to try this coffee shop out today. The atmosphere was cute and it was decorated nicely. Unfortunately, after waiting at the counter for 8 minutes without anyone bothering to acknowledge me or take my order I decided to leave. I have worked in food service before and have no problem waiting to order or be served. I would just like some recognition that I am there, especially when there is no line. I will not being going back. Too bad.. I was excited to try it..I Came here for brunch with my friend. The inside is so cute. Everything was good. They have a healthy menu selection which I like. They also have a nice selection of fresh juices. The foam on my cappuccino was perfect :) Thanks Bluestone!Believe me, I was rooting for Bluestone. After my previous review in regards to the piccolo coffee, I decided to give the food a try. I asked for vegemite + avocado smash. I asked for extra cherry tomatoes on top. The nice guys over the counter told me it came with cherry tomatoes. Did not say anywhere in the menu (under the toast section). And I pointed to what I wanted on the menu, not sure how that could be misleading. They asked if I wanted feta, I said no. They asked if I wanted tahini, because it comes with it. I thought tahini, feta, avocado together? That goes my macro allowance! (Just joking). I was worried and overwhelmed that my humble vegemite and avocado has turned out to be this gigantic monster spread. I gave it a go. I didn't complain, I'm no chef, I'm sure they know what they are doing. I got back to the hotel and I was gobsmacked! I had a piece of toast that was half vegemite on one side of the bread and tahini on the other, topped with very unriped avocado. For vegemite eaters, we know that we don't smack a lump of vegemite on bread, it is served sparingly with some sort of fat; butter more commonly or avocado. I was frustrated that I got a blob of Vegemite on one side and tahini on the other, ( you (can see the division on that piece of toast), it became inedible (I'm sorry if that sounds rude). 
The thing is that I came to Bluestone to have my regular brunch fix to feel at home. Although I was happy to go somewhere else to have brunch, but when a cafe claimed to serve Vegemite and piccolo I expect them to do it correctly, I don't think that's a lot to ask. My suggestion, take off piccolo and call it Cortado, I'll accept that. Makes everything easier. I have given this place lots of tries at different times of the day but they failed to deliver. 
For the 6 weeks I've been in downtown Philly, I have been having Americano and Cortados like a local and I don't mind it as it comes out exactly how it's suppose to. 
Believe me, I was rooting for Bluestone. I really want to like them but not this trip.Pretty obsessed with brunch here. I love the avocado smash with the poached egg! It's filling, has wonderful flavor, and just the right size. The bread they also put it on is amazing. I also had a taste of the gluten free banana bread french toast which was awesome. The wait staff are really nice. I never had any issues with them as some have said and also I was able to use the bathroom right near the restaurant without an issue. I also am OBSESSED with the matcha tea lattes! Although they are a bit small and pricey for the size I really don't care because they are amazing. I get them with a little honey to sweeten them a bit too. Overall love this place and whenever I am nearby I try to stop here. Just a small tip they are card only and do not accept any forms of cash. :)Not a fan and won't be back. Love the way the cafe is designed but everything about it is impractical. Seats are very small and uncomfortable. They serve coffee in cute, little GLASS carafes. The carafes have no handles and are not insulated. You can easily burn your hand and the coffee doesn't stay hot. The sugar jar is cute but it is communal. Not excited about the thought of people double dipping their spoon into the sugar. Right off the bat the waitress told us that both egg platters were unavailable. This left us with almost half the  menu unavailable. I decided to order muesli and my husband ordered an egg sandwich. The muesli was disgusting. I eat almost anything and had to return it. It tasted like sweet, mushy frosted wheat on top of yogurt that was so sour it hurt my jaw. The egg sandwich was bland. The coffee was really good and the server was kind and helpful. I would go here for coffee but that's about it.Service was so so good with Kristie!! We got the banana nut bread, avocado toast, and breakfast bowl. Would highly recommend all of these!To start with, the food and coffee were phenomenal! I got an almond milk latte and whole grain toast with cashew butter and fresh fruit. Both were good serving sizes and at a very reasonable price. The inside decor was also very lively and fresh. The only reason I gave 4 stars was because I was confused on where I was supposed to sit and order, and the staff was not super helpful. The cashier told me to go get seated if I was eating in, but since I was by myself, the waitress recommended I sit at the "bar" area. In the end, it all worked out; I was just confused in the beginning. I definitely recommend for a nice brunch!The wait was LONG (about 30-45 min), and the poor waiter service made it seem even longer. My friends and I were promised to have the next available table, but when we noticed later parties getting seated first, all the waiter could say was that they had arrived before us (bullcrap). Menu items are a bit pricey considering what they're worth, but I was pleasantly surprised by my green baked egg dish. I love that it was served as soon as the skillet was out of the oven, but I wouldn't consider going back again if it meant dealing with another long wait time.I really wanted to like paying $10 for a tiny portion of Granola and avocado toast but the people were rude. It was our first time here So not sure how the seating worked and walked up and politely asked if we could grab a seat and we were snipped at to let us know that they were on a wait and to please stand over there. I said no need and we would we takeout and then the people right behind us came in and took the seats we were eyeing without talking to the hostess. Granola was good but apparently not the same with manners. Oh well. 
Update***
We tried this place again and had a much better experience. The manager, Kurt, was extremely thoughtful and courteous and helped up to get seated as quickly as possible. This time we tried two of their entrees which were great and tried the cold brew and a latte. All good- we'll be back