We came for the hours listed on their cite for 11am but public skating on Saturdays doesnt start until 1pm.Horribly organized. Here's why-- lines as long as Black Friday lines. Waited 45 minutes to get drinks and food. Don't come here to eat or drink. It's not worth the wait.This place is seriously the cutest! I was so impressed with the fact that they put these lodge areas, couches and perfect ski trip scenes under an overpass in the middle of philadelphia! Even my hardup Latino parents were all about taking pictures on the couches. We came just to see what is was about and not ice skate, as it was raining, and I am so glad we stayed! We spent a few minutes rating the epic falls on the ice and cringing at the possible finger amputations that could occur on the ice. Then we walked around, grabbed a drink by the firepits and genuinely enjoyed relaxing and chatting as if we were off for a weekend at the poconos. 
After quite a few photo ops we got into a serious air hockey battle in the arcade, right before finding the oversized Connect 4 for more "friendly" competition. Sadly we had just had dinner, otherwise it would have been great to grab some chickie & pete's fries or anything else from the delicious vendors inside. 
This place is great for families, friends, adults, kids and of course...yelpers! Also it is open until late, we were there at 10 PM and it still had a good crowd. I look forward to coming back.This is the place you bring your out of city friends to in order to make them jealous.
The food, ambience and drinks are awesome.  You can play a variety of games (I prefer Jenga) or ice skate.  You could bring a date, your parents, or your children and everyone would have a good time.  Philly really hit a home run with this one.There needs to be a campaign started to keep this pop-up beer garden open past January. Its located adjacent to the ice skating rink at Penn's Landing. Basically, its a huge tent with hay on the ground and several bars throughout serving mostly craft beers and spiked cider (which is amazing). The decor is so simple, yet so perfectly fitting for what the place is. There is tons of available seating both inside and outside. A number of fire pits are scattered throughout the outside seating section to keep you warm. You can even go for an ice skate. Apparently skates aren't necessarily required as I saw a strapping young lad whizzing by sans skates.Good little setup but too busy for ice rink. Hot choc and hot cider usually good....wish bought whisky for it though.A few friends and I took a trip here on New Years Day, hoping the place wouldn't be overly crowded with all the mummers festivities happening in town. While it was definitely busy, it also felt suprisingly manageable. I had been to the rink/lodge last year and this year most definitely takes the cake. We loved all the lights still hanging around from Spruce Street Harbor and the light show every so often was great. The food selection was also awesome (hello, Distrito tacos!) and the cozy atmosphere in the lodge was perfect for after skating in the cold.
My only critique is that is was $8 (!!!) for a S'mores kit that served two people. In it you got 4 Marshmallows, plenty of graham crackers, but only enough chocolate for one s'more each. While I find one to be enough...it should not cost $8 and the marshmallows should at least be fresh....ours were a bit stale. Props to the idea of providing the option to have reese's instead of plain chocolate, though- that was a win.Atmosphere hits 5 stars hands down!! I do not like winter and the atmosphere really made me feel happy and not want to be inside. 
The food was extremely overpriced for food Mr. Garces himself wouldn't eat. The pretzel was cold, sloppy and $5. 
The village burger was grey, thin and sloppy for $7!!
To add insult to injury, the reason why I even bared the winter elements was because of the Garces Group. I was soooo looking forward to the food. I am a proud Hispanic for what he's doing and love his styles. Let's just say a McDonald's patty is much more appetizing. So disappointing. I feel like he's taking advantage of his name now. Come on Garces-bring your A-game to The Lodge too. Not just your name.The lodge is a great addition to winterfest. They're indoor and there's a cozy feel to it. It's family friendly but they have a selection of beers and mixed drinks. The only thing I don't like is that they're suppose to have two food option but one is always closed so it's just the basic burgers or chicken fingers. However, their fries are  super awesome. LolCome here and expect: a crowd, an awesome setting to enjoy a night out, craft beer and hot bevies
What I got from it: I was visiting Philly for my second time and was hoping to catch some interesting stuff during the Christmas season.  Nothing like a viewing Christmas trees, families, and lights galore!  
I found this listed in a "sights-of-the-season" section of a tourist guide, and decided it was worth checking out since there actually wasn't too much promoted to do during the regular December time versus the tourist-filled schedule of events the week of and the week after Christmas.  I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED!  WOW, this is so legit!  They successfully built a frekin "pop-up-cabin-in-the-woods" on the waterfront! How did they do this??!!
There are a few 80s arcade games, they offer craft beer, hot drinks with and without alcohol, diner food, and it's super well heated!  Good luck finding a spot on the luxuriously comfy couches next to the fireplace!!!  Get there way early and maybe you will--I mean like on a weekday, around 5pm when everyone else is commuting.  
Another awesome element they had was rocking chairs lining the outside, under heat-lamps, WITH heavy blankets = total protection from the cold while still being outside!  How cozy is this? I took a nap when it was 35F after some beer and lots of walking.  I will always remember that nap as being one of the best experiences in Philly....how crazy great is that?!  But really, it was that. GREAT.
You live in Philly?  You need to come here a few times, with friends.  Don't expect fast service since there are so many people and many children.  Don't expect to get full.  This is a place to hang-out.  So chill....under a canopy of warmth.Brought to you my the amazing ladies of Art Star and the ingenious folks who orchestrated PHS Broad Street Garden this summer, comes the Winterfest (or here, the Lodge at the Waterfront)  Cobbled together from recycling shipping containers (brilliant), strewn with festive white lights, banners, serving alcohol and delicious bites, this is the perfect scenic accompaniment to the ice rink adjacent.  Adorable fire pits can keep you warm outside as you sip on an alcoholic cider, hot chocolate with absolut vanilla or a very seasonally appropriate Victory Winter Cheer - or choose to stay indoors and hang out on the bales of hay or play a little ping pong.
Super family friendly by day, and perfect holiday destination by night.  For the next weekends, Fridays - Sundays into the New Year, there will be a rotating selection of vendors selling their wares (skip KOP!) - perfect for your thoughtful and unique holiday shopping pickins!This place is so fun!!! It does get really crowded on weekend nights but that's to be expected. The food and drinks are great and the lodge is so cute! They have an area full of fire pits and they sell supplies to make s'mores which is AMAZING and so fun. This place is great for everyone. It's a perfect date spot but also somewhere fun to take kids. I'm totally going back before the season is over!This place is the absolute cutest. Came here with a group of friends to ice skate and hang out. Feels exactly like a ski lodge. We got some drinks and went outside to sit around the fire until it was our turn to skate. Very comfortable. Ice rink was a little crowded but expected for a Saturday in December. Also lots and lots of kids but nothing to complain about. Would definitely bring my family or friends here.BlueCross RiverRink has truly outdone themselves with this cute winterfest setup. They have something to offer to every person in every age range. Looking to ice skate? Check. Want to warm up by a fire pit? Check. Want to enjoy a beer (or spiked hot beverage) with some friends? Check. Looking to be entertained by outdoor activities or arcade games? Check. Wanna snap an Instagram worthy picture that'll rake in likes? Check. BlueCross RiverRink definitely has it all!
You'll find picturesque decorations all around the place. Decorated Christmas trees, colorful lights, holiday decorations... you name it. The RiverRink is separated into a couple different areas including the ice skating area, two indoor areas, and a large outdoor section.
Ice skating admission is $3 and skate rental is $10. Note that you can get free admission if you show a BC/BS insurance card. Skate times last 1.5 hours so it may require some planning ahead if you want to start skating right when you arrive. Make sure you bring some quarters for a locker rental.... don't worry if you forget because there is a change machine on premises. They have a DJ and play upbeat music throughout the whole time. I went on a Saturday evening and it was fairly crowded.
The first indoor area is an arcade. I saw plenty of games inside. The second indoor area has food/drink stations and seating. They have some really cozy looking couches and chairs (they seem to be a hot commodity so snag one quickly if you get the chance!). There are also several long picnic style benches which are good if you're with a bigger group and/or eating. During peak hours, it can be hard to find a table. Each table had a game of Jenga on it. For food, there is a Chickie & Pete's, Garces, and two walk up drink stations. They have a wide selection of drinks including cocktails, spiked hot beverages, and beer. Prices are pretty standard (I paid $8 for a spiked hot chocolate). I highly recommend a hot chocolate with Pinnacle salted caramel vodka. It was delicious! I tried the crab mac and cheese from Chickie & Pete's. I must say I was surprised when I saw it was mac and cheese balls but it was really good nonetheless. 
Outside, you'll find a fair amount of seating, firepits, and games such as cornhole. There is also a roped off VIP section in the back. 
All in all, I would definitely recommend the RiverRink to others. I haven't checked out the ice skating rink at Dillworth Park.... but honestly, I don't have any desire to since the RiverRink seems to have it all. I'll be back again next winter!The Lodge is fun. This is where you can sit down and hang out , grab those beers, spiked hot chocolates or Cider & Whiskeys. They have jenga for you to play, a curling table.
I really like their couch set ups -- it's really homey. They even have blankets for you to completely lounge out and hang out with your friends.
The cons -- the hockey tables are broken, both of them. IMO, either fix them or remove them -- they're useless.
The menu is pretty delicious sounding -- but a bit harder for someone that has stopped eating beef and pork. They do have a black bean burger but I wish there were more options. 
Overall, cool place to hang outWhile the experience at the over crowded blue cross river rink was subpar, the lodge pop up was great. After a crazy few laps around the rink, we entered the tent for drinks and dinner.
We had a few different things...sweet potato and kale pastry, fritters with short rib, chili, spiked hot chocolate. All very impressive for a seasonal pop up. The place is really beautiful, decorated to the nines for the holidays. 
A great addition to an ice skating trip, but could also stand alone!Awesome addition to the Philadelphia winter social scene. Thanks for another winner PHS!
I will say the food and drinks weren't quite as good as the pop-up garden in the summer, though the weather may have been a reason for that. And a little overpriced, but nothing bad.
Can't wait to see what's next from PHS!Sadly, it was snowing outside when I visited, so I didn't get to enjoy the firepits outside, which looked awesome.  However, the indoor space alone was well worth the visit.  The large tented area includes everal different seating areas with lots of seating available.  It was nicely heated on a fairly cold night.  They have good beer and other beverage selection at reasonable prices.  An okay food selection is available as well.  And the crowd provided a fun and energetic vibe.Walked 20 minutes to reached this place only to find it closed for some kind of event. Waste of time. Place was there quarters empty but wouldn't serve me a beer. Staff suggested me to go to Dave and Buster's instead.I had a great time at winter fest. I brought my own smore materials since I was with kind of a larger group. The only issue was it was quite windy outside so the wind kept blowing smoke in our faces so our eyes were blood shot red by the end of the night. The drinks were great, I got baileys and hot chocolate. The only thing I didn't expect is that the skating goes by the hour, so I got there around 7 and skating was sold out until 10pm. Obviously I wasn't going to wait for 3 hours to ice skate. So definitely take note of that.Ventured into the lodge during the winterfest beerfest expecting huge crowds, long lines and hard to get beer. Was pleasantly surprised to find free seats, free beer samples (for the beerfest- January 23-25 only), and a fantastic atmosphere. Hoping to get my hands on the tabletop hockey game at some point...Summerfest is absolutely NOT closed. The rink it set up and operational. Admission is $3 and skate rental is $10. Luckily, if you have Blue Cross insurance admission is free for you and three guests! Not only do I have Blue Cross insurance but I also have my own skates. The roller rink is now my Summer home for a free workout. My only complaint: I think they may have put the track together too quickly. There are areas that are incredibly warped and there are random dips. They also don't cover the track so I am wondering how the floor will hold up through Summer storms. Make sure you check their website or Facebook page before and after inclement weather as they may close down for the day. Overall, I LOVE Summerfest!Very, very cool! Pop-up bars the future of seasonal entertainment and this one is a class act.
With the amazing river rink, outdoor bonfires near a huge Christmas tree, an indoor ski lodge with treats, games and food and an overlook of the river, this scene is amazing. So glad Philadelphia is starting to invest in young adults again!Cool spot to grab a drink and kick back a bit. The lodge inside was cozy with Jenga to play at most of the tables. They have a decent selection of beer of a lot of local craft styles. My girlfriend and I had a lot of fun making smores outside. The smore materials from Shane's Confectionery were pricey, but good. The arcade needs a bit of upkeep because the pinball machine stole my money. Still, it is a nice place to relax and have a drink.Being a HUGE fan of Winterfest this past year, I was expecting a lot more. The lodge was empty and did not have much décor. The highlight for me was getting my picture taken in the giant #visitphilly rocking chair. With Spruce Street Harbor Park a few steps away, it's no wonder Summerfest was beat.Bought tickets ahead of time, they didn't really check or scan, gave us bracelets and skates no problem. Lockers require coins, went to guest services for a dollar to coins and was directed to coin machine.  I got to rock out with $20 of quarters in my pocket. Locker ate $2 of coins and wouldn't open, guest services helped with that. It was Valentine's Day so they gave us roses. My girlfriend bled from the thorns, I told her love hurts and we got over it. Skated for about thirty minutes, and our feet started to feel horrible from the rental skates. Took them off, got some sweet photos. Tried to waste money on arcade games but there's only so many times you can watch the rigged claw not clamp down on a stuffed bear. Ski ball was occupied, so we left. Guest services claimed they didn't have $10 to trade coins in for. Luckily there's a bar that said I wasn't the first to ask to pay entirely in quarters. Girlfriend was happy so I give it a 10/10 time.This place is awesome!
I didn't get a chance to visit in the 2013-2014 season, so I was really glad when they not only brought this back, but also added more features.  My husband and I ended up here two nights in a row over Christmas Break.  Interestingly enough, we didn't even skate either night!  
The first night, we were by ourselves and hung out in the firepit area, while drinking spiked hot chocolate and local beers.  Prices are on the higher side, but honestly, they aren't more than you'd pay elsewhere in old city.  We didn't get a chance to eat there, but the selection seemed small and the wait was massive.  I'd suggest eating elsewhere.  
The second night, we met up with my husband's cousins (he has something crazy like 20+ cousins just on his mom's side).  We had a picnic table with about 10-12 people and it was perfect.  It's a good place for a group because you can just buy yourself food and drinks as you go, without having to wait for a waitress and then split the bill (and all the other things that annoying about going out with a group).
If you want to skate, I've heard its free if you are a BlueCross insurance holder (but you have to rent skates).  Not sure about the prices, but from what I remember, it's not crazy expensive.  Also, the rink is pretty big and has nice views of the water.
Overall, this is a great place for a date night, group outing with friends, or a family night.  I highly recommend for a fun winter activity that won't break the bank.THIS IS THE BEST. Who knew you could have so much fun outside in the winter in Phladelphia? Well you can have tons of fun when there is ice skating, firepits, shopping, beer, and food involved! And did I mention they usually have a DJ bumping killer jams? If I wasn't so freezing I would have spent the whole day here.
Getting to this place is a little difficult, but it is definitely worth it. The light show that they put on every hour is wonderful.This was easily one of my favorite things to do this winter. Both times I went, I brought my children and over those visits, we did ice skating, smo'res by the fire pit, rocked in the rocking chairs, drank beer and cocktails and enjoyed food from the food truck and indoor restaurant, and played games in the arcade. 
I loved all of the variety of activity that ranged from things to do with the kids and adults. One of the weekend nights we went, there was free beer tastings and quizzo. So fun. Some of the stuff is really pricey though. I wish ice skating wasn't so much and the $8 we spent for a smo'res kit was ridiculous (4 marshmallows, 1 chocolate bar, and some graham crackers). Our marshmallows were super stale too, yuck. But other than that, this place is a blast!Great for all ages. The lodge next to the rink is pretty large and is generally not too crowded (went on a Saturday night when the weather was nice). The food options include distrito tacos and village burger (from Garces group), which are viable options, but pale in comparison to getting served at his sit down restaurants. I tried two different types of tacos (veggie and pollo), and was mildly disappointed by both. The nachos were a better options and we're more filling as well. The pricing ($8 for two tacos or nachos) is a little steeper than the quality provided, but it's not surprising given the fact they can get away with it. They also have a small selection of beer and wine with several options from yards brewery. Definitely is worth going to if you're in the area.I'm seriously considering buying some ice skates for next winter thanks to the riverside rink at Winterfest.   With my BCBS insurance card, the small skate fee ($3 adults, $2 kids) is waived.  Of course they really make their money from the $10 skate rental fee.   But the thought of being able to exercise for free every winter is almost tempting enough to make me invest in my own pair!  I didn't even realize I still knew how to ice skate until my 7 year old son insisted on going this year.   Although that didn't work out so well, I rediscovered an activity that I used to really enjoy.   And what desk jockey couldn't use a compelling reason to go outside and exercise?
Beyond the rink, there is plenty to amuse both kids and grown folk alike from the indoor arcade to the outdoor fire pits, food stands and beverages.   We've been on crowded nights with the whole family, and it was super festive over the holiday season.   I'm generally annoyed by crowds but the atmosphere was so fun that it felt like a nice shared experience with everyone.   Maybe I was just tipsy.  Anyway, the kids loved the big connect 4 games outdoors & with the twinkly lights, oversized chairs and river view everyone left happy.Went here with the hunny on Valentines weekend. Specifically Saturday the 13th. It was freezing out but we both had a nice time. We skated for about an hour then headed inside to grab some food. We had a burger and fries with short rib. It was tasty but a bit overpriced
Overall it was a very nice setup for pictures and to enjoy ice skating.If you're a basic b*tch like me, you'll love Winterfest and all it has to offer. If you're athletic, there is ice skating! For real b*tches there is The Lodge: an Abercrombie & Fitch vision of an Aspen ski lodge, complete with moose head printouts and doors that lead to nowhere.
For the perks: all draft beers are $6 and liquor drinks are $8, but must be mixed with something else.
Did not try the food here, but I did spy cheese fries, which looked really good.
All & all, I will return.Celebrated my birthday here with a little ice skating, a few drinks and a game of jenga! The Lodge was packed, so we unfortunately never got seats on the comfy couches near the fireplaces and had to settle for the picnic tables instead. Drinks were way overpriced ($8 for a 4-oz pour of boxed wine) and my spiked cider (with maple whiskey) had something slimy in the bottom of it... makes me gag just thinking about it. Food lines were very long and the cheese fries smelled awesome, but I opted for the Distrito taco truck out front instead. Overall, the lights are beautiful and it's a fun and festive atmosphere.We went when it was a bit crowded but everyone was in good cheer and patient when waiting in line for skates or for a place to sit. I loved seeing all of the decorations and furnishings. From log cabins to evergreens, fire pits to cornholes, and even an indoor arcade - there's something homey about Winterfest. Since the area overlooks the Delaware River, the atmosphere was calm and unbounded. 
As a Blue Cross Blue Shield cardholder, I was able to get the $3 skate rental fee waived for myself and my friends. The skates I rented there were kind of mediocre in that a lot of the hooks were broken off which made it hard to properly tie the skates up, but I made do and went on the ice. 
What's great about the RiverRink is that it's an Olympic-sized skating rink. If you were thinking about going to ice rink at Dilworth, come here instead (or do both). The ice is smoother and massive. There's also skate walkers available for children. 
If you are anywhere near Penn's Landing, you need to stop by Winterfest!I really loved the decor, atmosphere, drinks, activities, and food offerings, but Jesus...the bathrooms here were the worst I've ever experienced.  And this is coming from someone who has used squatty toilets while traveling.  Maybe it's because it will be shutting down in March and it's just getting worn out, but consider wearing a diaper if you're going to stop by.Second time here and I absolutely love it! The atmosphere and ambiance is perfect. Ordered food, I'd was piping hot, for exception of my pretzel. Drinks were delicious, I recommend the warm apple pie :)Such a beautiful, wonderful, fun place!!! My boyfriend brought my kids and I and we all loved it! Not only is there ice skating, but there's an arcade, a lodge with classic games (a huge connect four, jenga, etc) 
For all those vegans out there, they have the "Impossible Burger" at one of there many food stands. Unfortunately, they do not have any Gluten Free options for food but for Adult Beverages, they do! Not too expensive either. 
You will not be disappointed with this fun venue!!!Though hard to find, the pop up beer garden in Penn's Landing was worth the schlep on foot. In Philadelphia for a weekend trip, my boyfriend and I were looking for something to do on our first night out in the city. I heard about the light show by the Blue Cross River Rink on the Visit Philly website, which also mentioned the Lodge. I was skeptical about a beer garden in the winter time, but was pleasantly surprised by the set-up and happily content with the brews.
I hope the Lodge is in Philly next December. I'll definitely be there!I'm so glad the Lodge has its own review page! I can't stand up straight on ice skates, but this pop-up lodge next to the rink? It's wonderful! You can come here, drink some beer and pretend winter isn't completely awful and gross for a couple hours.
I came here during the Brewfest event so my experience might have been different than on a regular night. The lodge was packed to the gills with people sampling away with neon green bracelets on. PS: What a great event idea? Maybe making it ticketed entry would have been better to control the crowd flow a little bit, but otherwise, thumbs up!
It's not heated inside, but it's not as cold as it is outside, of course. Plus, you can distract yourself by playing some fun games, like the tabletop hockey game! Fun, fun.
Beer selections and prices were great. Food? Not so much. My burger was so sad looking. It was the most pathetic burger I had seen in a long time. It was definitely not worth the price. I recommend eating ahead of time. I was still hungry after finishing it, which is saying quite a bit.
You can also head outside to a colorfully lit area where there are also perfect photo-ops with Mr. Ben.
Yep. Big fan.WHAT IS THIS PLACE?! It's delightful! It's adorable! It's boozy! It's a wintery wonderland! Boyfriend and I went ice skating the afternoon of my birthday after weighing options of things to do on short notice. A quick walk from South Street down to the waterfront on a warm afternoon gave way to what I'm sure will be an equally grand oasis when the weather turns cold for good. Wooden rocking chairs with plaid flannel blankets line the outdoor area of the warm lodges, fireplaces indoors keep you nice and toasty, while the fire pits outside allow you equal comfort for sipping hot beverages or the boozy kind that make you warm and tingly on the inside. I loved the huge trees and all of the festive lights, the observation deck above the outdoor bar for spotting friends out on the ice skating rink, and the entertainment! Two family friendly entertainers brought clown-like antics, tightrope walking and flame juggling to the area outside of the firepits while Dunkin Donuts (official sponsor) passed out peppermint mocha coffee. Ice skating was great, a nice way to spend the afternoon for sure. $13 gets you admission and a skate rental for an hour and a half long session on the ice, the $3 admission is apparently waived if you show your Independence Blue Cross insurance card (also official sponsor). Now knowing how great this spot is (I can't believe I never made it last year), l I keep thinking about how great it would be to grab some friends, have a few drinks and enjoy some late night ice skating under the holiday light show and believe that it will absolutely be happening this year. Great job PHS, you never fail to disappoint!!Okay so I was excited for the free beer they were advertising - its NOT free. You have to pay for beer and its slightly pricy in my opinion! I think they might have upped the prices because they were def more expensive than what some of the other reviews say. Maybe it just might be higher on weekends. And speaking of alcohol, you must try their special "cocktail" but make sure you drink it while its still hot because otherwise the pretzels get all soggy and gross in the drink. 
Overall, VERY cool idea and lots of fun in groups. I enjoyed the Lodge - it is warm and cozy , but slightly uncomfortable because of the wooden picnic benches you get to sit on. Outside by the ice skating rink, there are a bunch of small fire pits to enjoy smores on! Yumy - I'll have to try that next time I go. 
The security is slightly tight. I went on a Saturday evening and all the outside private cabins were reserved. My friends and I went in just to get a quick picture and before we knew it, security was throwing us out. Seems like the place would be fun.Lots of skating time, every skate sizes available 
Vendors were plentiful,   ice was cold,Watch your personal belongings bc a mother and child there steal money out of peoples walletsThis was a fun time I went with my family and we all have fun even though it was cold blue is too busy having fun to notice I will definitely be back prices also affordableI'm not sure if The Lodge is just the tent area or the entire space surrounding the ice skating rink? (arcade, Franklin Fountain, fire pits). I'll say that it is. 
The Lodge is basically a winter version of Philly's summer Spruce Street Harbor Park. 
The layout is spacious and separated in distinct social areas. I entered the arcade section, which includes faux patios with rocker chairs (small ones for kids maybe?). The arcade is in a tent so provides shelter from the elements. Games are overpriced but what the hell, its a pop-up. There are three air hockey tables. The one on the right (closest to the parking lot) had a bad puck, so i wasted a $1 on that. Patrons in this section were more urban males. 
We made our way towards the Lodge but first scoping out the ice skating rink. The speakers were kinda messed up skipping songs, etc. The rink was crowded. We skipped ice skating as we had an infant with us. The lodge itself is pretty cool. There are a few "living room" set up with faux fireplaces and has a cottage/log cabin feel. There are picnic tables scattered with food and beer vendor in the back. The miss would be the bathroom. I understand it is a pop up, but the bathroom trailer for the men's room was whack. They should get the ones like Independent Beer garden. Much more spacious and less grimey looking. I can't imagine what the women's one looks like.
Beer was not marked up too much, $6. The outside area is lit up with some lights and surrounded by chairs, tables, picnic tables, fire pits. It was a warm night for December (50-60s) so the firepits weren't roaring.. instead, it was smokey so the smell was a bit unpleasant. 
There is also a pop-up franklin fountain whichi thought was a nice touch. The small cabin structure is really cute too. Service was nice but a bit slow? I assume it took a while to make the coffee drinks ahead of my order of one scoop of vanilla. 
The shipping containers in the rear are make shift cabin living rooms. These looked really cozy but were all occupied. 
The beer garden /Lodge area were mostly filled with Yuppies while the ice skating rink were a younger/teen/family oriented crowd--essentially the same crowd make up from SSHP. 
Overall, i think this a really good addition to the winter nightlife scene in Philly.Fantastic place to go skate with your partner.  I wish there were other options to drink and eat.  The lines where so long that I decided not to have a beer.The food court in the lodge is poorly run. Grumpy workers. They had a "bad of burgers" special that they wouldn't honor because they "didn't have the container." They didn't have a bag?  To put burgers in? Absolutely ridiculous. If the food was any good, it might have been slightly forgivable.This place is INCREDIBLE! I knew going in that I was going to love it because it's by the same people that set up the Pop Up Garden on Broad. And this place didn't fail to deliver! The grounds are gorgeously landscaped (PHS wouldn't have it any other way) and the lights are stunning. 
The drinks are great (see the picture I posted) and my favorite is the spiked hot cider. The hot chocolate with vanilla vodka was awesome too, but a little too heavy for me to drink all night. But if you're a chocolate lover, it's a safe bet you'll never go without vanilla vodka in your cocoa ever again. 
The food was delicious! They had mashed potato fritters...yes balls of fluffy mashed potatoes and delicately deep fried served atop short rib. You read that right. I split one with the fiance and then went back up and got another order. The turkey leg with gravy looked insane, and by the speed that my friend ate it- I'm assuming it was great too. The vegetarian chili was perfectly spiced and made my meat loving fiance a convert (so much so, he stole it from me. lol). 
Head over here for the skating, the s'mores by the fire, the drinks and just to relax in something that looks like a classic Christmas movie.Love love love this place. The perfect place immerse you in the holiday mood. The cute swing chairs for couples, the fire pits, lodge, cabins, Christmas tree, string lights, pine bushes, skating rink and the music. Be ready to get transported to the magical winter wonderland with nice drinks, chickies and pete's (can't thank them enough for the crab fries), village burger (they do have a veggie black bean burger), and cool drinks.This place is amazing!!! So much to do and the atmosphere is great. They have small tables and chairs outside where you can sit under a shelter, some of which are near a fire, which makes it much warmer. They also have an ice skating rink, which I wish we could have tried but we didn't have time. Outside, they also have a Christmas tree and lots of vendors selling hot chocolate etc. 
Inside, they have a ton of food available (both vegan and non-vegan), including a burger place and Chickie's and Pete's. We ordered fries from Village Burger and they were delicious! They also showed the 76ers game on TV and the crowd got very hyped. There is plenty of seating available (picnic table-style) and they keep the place warm. Also, another plus - they have spiked holiday beverages!! The apple-apple (warm cider with apple Jim Beam) was delicious!!! Definitely would recommend for a date or family outing!The Lodge is so cool!  It's a great place to come for a few beers and hang out, but beware -- it isn't very warm in the main tent, so you'll probably have to keep your coat on. There are a lot of benches in this place, but on weekend nights it's hard to find a seat. They also have a few choice couches near fireplaces, but I don't think the fireplaces actually produce any heat.
There are places to sit outside and roast marshmallows, but it's always been too cold out when I've been there. There's also a beautiful and ginormous pine tree outside that's strung up with pretty lights.On Valentine's Day, they had a free photo booth where my friends and I took goofy pictures of ourselves. I also came once when they had a beer tasting with brewers like Cape May. Best part is that it was also free! 
The reason why I can't give them 5 stars, though, has to do with some of the people that come here. On Vday, I left my hat and gloves on our table to hold our place for the 10 or so minutes we had to wait in line for the photo booth. When we came back to table, my hat and gloves were gone (and it was a snowy night!). There was a couple sitting at our table when we got back who weren't very helpful in trying to look for them and seemed annoyed that we were even talking with them. Then I went to check the lost and found (because I thought that maybe a nice person had found them), but my hat and gloves had not been turned in. So some mean person took my hat and gloves. Oh well, everything else about this place is great!
PS: The Lodge closes March 1st, so if you haven't been yet, make sure to check it out before then!So much fun. Celebrated my birthday with ice skating and I wanted one of the cabins.  Family food bucket from Chickie and Pete's was the right move! 
We got plenty of food for four adults and one kiddo for $30.What a cute little carnival down at Penns Landing.
We went for roller skating - after too many years than I care to divulge here :)
It's a pretty good sized rink and well maintained. I don't know how long it's been here but I'm glad it is here. The rental skates are well maintained and in good nick. If you forget to bring socks, don't worry, they sell them there for $3. There's also a discount on the ticket price if you have a Blue Cross Healthcare card with you.
Staff are visible and fortunately for me remembering all my old moves - lol - I didn't fall once so didn't need their assistance.
The roller skating is only available during the summer months but I wish they offered it indoors on wooden floors like some of the older venues used to & with air conditioning.
Nice little place for an afternoon out!We paid for 3 "new years" party tickets...which includes snack, still here... it's taking hours,  personally it's not that important,  but to advertise that!!! after we spent so much money over the years at this place since it has opened is deplorable !We had a great time at this event. Not much for ice skating but there were plenty of people who enjoyed it. There is plenty to do other than ice skate, you can enter the arcade and play games with the kids or if you are an adult you can play too. Also they have a family area where you can sit by a fire and enjoy a drink or some food. Plenty of places to take pics with family and friends. They also have games to play-connect four and corn hole were two that I saw. Overall it is a fun place to stop at and people watch if you just rather just sit and have a drink. Enjoy and have fun.My friend had a birthday party here and rented out a double cabin. The cabin was adorable and was a great place for our group of approximately 20 people to socialize. The cabin, though it had a fireplace, did not feel as warm since it isn't enclosed. However, the indoor area that hosts the bars and restaurants is enclosed and heated. There is plenty of seating and games/activities in there. 
Between fire pits, log trees, rocking chairs, xoxo Philly structures, Christmas trees, lights, and ice skating with a view of the Ben Franklin bridge, there are tons of photo opportunities. 
I had eaten before arriving not realizing how many food options were on site including a Chickie and Pete's and a Franklin Fountain. There were also fun winter cocktails in addition to the usual drink selection, like spiked hot chocolate, coffee, and apple cider. 
Tip: if you have Independence Blue Cross insurance, you don't have to pay the $3 admission to ice skate. Just $10 for skate rental. You can reserve a time slot to skate in advance online.If you want to be transported to a winter wonderland without hopping on a plane or settling into the car for hours, look no further than Penn's Landing.  Winterfest is here for another few weeks, and it's got all the spiked hot chocolate and bonfires you could want at the makeshift "Lodge."
Ok, its not quite as comfy as an actually lodge, and the large tent could probably benefit from a few additional space heaters, but whoever is responsible for design and decor deserves a round of applause.  The tented lodge is huge, complete with mobile fireplaces, beer-hall style tables, and rocking chairs with flannel blankets. We had a great time playing jenga and sipping beers, until the crowd thinned out and it got too cold.  It would be nice to see an additional food window, as the line got really long when the skating session was up - but the fries we ordered were delicious, and the food in general is far better than you'd expect. 
Hurry down to Winterfest before March 1st - this is some prime Philly public space that you don't want to miss out on.Due to the unseasonably warm December so far, we were nervous that the RiverRink would be closed. To our luck, it mustered up the resources to make sure that our holiday party would be a success. Even on a Wednesday evening the rink was full of people of all ages having a great time. I'd imagine that it gets fairly crowded on the weekends, so I would absolutely suggest a week night.
After skating, we rested in our cottages that were immaculately decorated for the season/occasion. There were plush pillows and warm fleece blankets throughout. The heaters that they have in there are mighty warm too. We had light bites by Garces catering; some were typical (salsa & guacamole with chips, hummus with pita) but there were a few stand outs, such as the pineapple jicama salad and sea salt chocolate chip cookies. 
While there was a bar window outside, next to the cottages, it didn't seem like anyone was manning it. Perhaps it only opens on weekends. We went into the Lodge to get our drinks, which some people wanted more a selection. Right now they have about 6 beers on tap (mostly local) and spiked cocoa and hot apple cider (but no plain mixed drinks).Really had a lot of fun here. Loved the firepit even though I smelled extra crispy and smoky after lol. My only caveat is this-I got really bad blisters from the skates. Could barely walked to the car or get inside and around my home last night. So if you have your own skates-bring them. If not the bring cushioned socks to avoid blisters.I love winter fest! It's so bright, cozy, and inviting. The atmosphere is unbeatable. The food is good- I love the crab fries, fried Oreos, and drinks! As of 12/5/2020, the COVID setup is that there are no outside limitations except for wearing a mask. The number of people inside the lodge is ljmited by I had no trouble getting a table. I LOVE the setup for ordering you- you scan a QR code that's on your table, order & pay on your phone, then they deliver it to you.This is a great place to take your family or go out on a date. 
They have a lot of food options here. It is pretty expensive though. I might bring my own food next time. I feel for the Chickie's fries. Save your money, don't order them. I woke up today and my wedding ring was tight on my finger because of all the salt from the night before. Order a side of their cheese sauce and buy your fries elsewhere. 
The crab Mac and cheese balls caught me off guard at first. I bit into one without the sauce and I was extremely disappointed. I thought they were over cooked and dry. ($20 for fries and over cooked balls.) That was until I tried the balls with their sauce that they come with. Whoa, big game changer. It really tied all the flavors together. 
As for the ice rink, it's a decent size. They offer these little things that kids or adults could push around the ice to help them learn how to skate and or not fall. 
$10 for skates and ice time. ($14 if you don't have blue cross health insurance). 
They have a nice heated area indoors where I spent most of my time while waiting for my husband and daughter. They have heat lamps and fire pits outside also.
Ps.. wiz wit is a real thing.. so for all the hate about having my steak with cheese wiz... worry about your own cheese ;)Unless you plan on actually ice skating, I think you're going to be bored with this little festival. When I went the rink was temporarily closed, so I took some time to wander around the grounds a little. Let me tell you, this place is so tiny.
Of course it's super cute and aesthetically pleasing at least. I can imagine it's nicest near the holidays, lit up with decorations. There's plenty of food options at least (despite a hefty price tag), and the lodge is mercifully heated. There's an extremely small arcade that kids might get a kick out of, but adults will most likely be underwhelmed by.
Go closer to the holidays for the full experience. Make sure you get to skate. Aside from those things, there's not a whole lot being offered here.I loved it! I live in West Philly so my friends and I took the Market-Frankford line straight to the 2nd st stop - so it's super easy to get to from almost anywhere in the city. The venue was beautiful as it's on the water and is completely lit up at night. Everything was reasonably priced and the sweet potato kale pocket type things were probably the best things I've eaten this year. The capple cider w/ the Art in the Age snap was pretty neat as well. I went with two girlfriends of mine, but we're planning on getting a group of people to go next weekend. We didn't get to ice skate, but I also definitely wanna check that out. I'd suggest this as a night out with friends, or even a date night!This place is super cute, my husband and I came with our dog and enjoyed the scenery and outdoor seating with the fire pit, the cabin was super cute but wasn't too cold so we didn't need to go inside. We had our dog so we didn't skate. The decor was nicely done. Glad to see a tree after ChristmasLove The Lodge at the RiverRink! My husband's former company threw his farewell party there, and we had a private area catered with huge trays of Chickie's crab fries. Amazing. 
I was back again for a family fun night on Saturday and we had a blast. The ice was pretty crowded for the 5pm skate but not enough that you couldn't get around without knocking into people, if you can skate somewhat strategically. I did see quite a few spills. 
Our crew ice skated for probably 25 minutes tops before we decided to warm up in The Lodge. I love the selection of beers, wine and hot spiked beverages. There are also food offerings from Chickie & Pete's, Garces and Franklin Fountain. We grabbed a bunch of food to share and I have to admit the cheesesteak from C&P's hit the spot. 
Why not five stars? The bathroom situation is dire. It's one of those trailer bathrooms that are often just fine, but looked absolutely gross on the night we visited. I took one look and turned right back around. The bathrooms inside the rink are a much safer bet.I absolutely love this place! Perfect for a date night or even some fun for the kids (that are old enough to ice skate). 
Here's the run down: It's free to get into but there's a $20 fee to park in their lot. If you're balling on a budget I would suggest finding metered street parking & walking. Also, there's usually a Groupon where you can get ice skating tickets for a fraction of the normal price. 
There's a few activities that include ice skating, arcade games, and corn hole. You won't need to worry about the cold weather. There are plenty of outdoor heaters and fire pits to keep everyone fairly warm. They have small decorated cabins that are available to rent for a decent rate that fit about 10-20 people. 
For food they have your basic go to options. There is a Chickie's & Pete's inside the heated lodge which seemed to be very popular. For the adults there are alcoholic beverages available! I tried the salted caramel hot chocolate with rum and it was amazing! Overall I had a great time & I can't wait to return.