Atmosphere: can't be beat
Food/drink: nothing special
WiFi:  :'(
This place is so cute--the ground floor has a bar style setting facing the window as do most coffee shops, and then there are tables along the wall that are good for working. Towards the back, there are seats that are located so that you can have a conversation without a table in the way. There is lots of natural lighting, and the top floor is a nice little study nook. Their cold brew was ok--nothing special that I would go out of my way to have again. And their food selection wasn't extensive but would be good for stopping in for a quick bite if that's what you're looking for. Their croissants heated up hit the spot. Unfortunately, they don't have wifi (which I really needed to do my work). Their WiFi pops up when you're looking for a network, but it isn't open to the public, which I feel isn't a lot to ask for because literally every coffee shop in this city offers free WiFi.Excellent brewed coffee, consumed black.  Nicely roasted house blend, just the right bitterness, no sourness.  Just the way I like it. Didn't have anything to eat, though it looked good.In Philly for a business trip and I was craving something healthy (I eat a lot of candy at airports, okay? Don't judge me.) and I was so happy to find Bluestone Lane. I had the avocado toast + a poached egg and golden milk and it was absolutely perfect. I'm definitely heading back here on my next trip to town.I recently ordered their matcha latte ($5.40 with tax) and it was terrible.  I watched the barista prepare it - instead of using a bamboo whisk and whisking the powder back and forth with hot water until it is dissolved and foams (as that is how matcha is properly prepared), she simply threw some powder into the paper cup, stirred it a few times with a wooden spoon, and poured foamy milk into the cup.  The "matcha" latte turned out with a terrible consistency - I could actually taste small lumps of powder as I drank.  This is a disgrace to the matcha name. Baristas need to be trained better on how to make this drink.  To appreciate this drink is to appreciate its process. 
I've had their avocado toast which is good, but overpriced at $8 for one piece of toast.  Won't be coming back here.This place is great! I was super intrigued by their avocado toast and multi-colored lattes. 
I ordered a Matcha almond milk latte and avocado toast (with no eggs). The waitress brought me the wrong toast twice though... the first and second time it had an egg on it. She seemed a little flustered. 
My brother got their chicken bowl and loved it! For dessert, we got the cashew butter toast. It was like frosting! We loved our meal.This location is more casual than the Rittenhouse one- there's no table service here. Now I can get my avocado toast fix without going out for a long lunch! The menu is somewhat limited, but they have sweet and savory toasts, pastries, and a seasonal soup. The interior of the cafe is understated with whitewashed wood, blue tiling, and lots of greenery. There's a lofted seating area with plenty of tables and a few couches. This would be a good spot to study, read, or just recharge with a coffee.Good food but consistently long waits. The ordering system gets confusing as they yell out the order when it's ready. With a limited menu, several people might have avocado toast and there's some confusion as to who it belongs to.
Overall decent food but not a place to go if you're not willing to waitAbsolutely love this place. I got avocado toast and matcha tea. My friend got their iced hot chocolate (I forgot the exact name of the drink) and we wanted to make it stronger so asked to buy an espresso shot. The cashier was so nice that she didn't accept payment for the extra shot we wanted to add. The avocado toast was delicious (although saltier than I expected). Can't wait to come back here for more breakfast food and drinksFantastic avocado toast (even though it's just a tad pricey).
Lovely coffee shop - clean with classy decor.
Avocado toast sits on some great multi-grain bread with generous scoop of avocado (lightly salted with red pepper flakes and olive oil). I like to add a poached egg and prosciutto, but there are many ways you can customize.
I've had a decent chicken sandwich for lunch there as well.
They have other food choices for breakfast or lunch (including pastries) and a long list of drink options.
The lattes are decent.
Folks are always friendly there and there's never too long of wait.
Great place. I'm definitely a repeat customer!Visited Philly this past weekend. I love this coffee shop. The decor is so cute. The iced coffee was very strong. But with some sugar and cream delicious. Customer service was great. I got a bagel with cream cheese=A. My friend who lives in Philly got the salmon toast=A. My other friend got an almond croissant that looked SO good. Overall experience = A+This would be my new favorite coffee shop BUT... it's way too warm. I've only been once so maybe it's not usually like this but it was uncomfortably warm inside, and it wasn't cold outside. 
The staff is all really warm, friendly and welcoming and they have unique drinks! The atmosphere is also really chill it's a place you wanna go and hang out in.
Note to owner: Plz make it less of a sauna inside, then you'd be 5 stars ;)We went to our first BlueStone Lane in NYC and had a great experience. This version was lack-luster. The staff were unfriendly and unhelpful. We didn't order anything extravagant, and it took almost 20 minutes to come out. Highly unimpressed by this location, but I will definitely go to NYC again!Coffee is pretty good, food is awesome! The gluten free options are incredible. I particularly like the ricotta fruit toast and the banana toast. They also have a good selection of gluten free baked goods, which is kind of hard to find in Philly. However, I think it's a little overpriced for what you get. On another note, the lack of Wi-fi is pretty dumb. There are a lot of schools nearby, and it would be such a perfect study spot. They obviously have WiFi, since they use it for their payment system, and if you check, you'll see two "bluestone" labeled WiFi routers, they just don't give you the password. It doesn't cost them anything extra to provide the password, so I truly don't see a reason why they don't. Especially when combined with the pricier nature of their menu.The food is absolutely delicious!  I love the red baked eggs, green baked eggs, avocado toast, banana toast, salmon toast, etc...it's all fresh and tasty!  Try the different drinks as well, from the iced coffees to the hot Milo!  I discovered this place when it first opened in Greenwich Village, NYC, when I was studying at NYU in 2014. Upon moving to Philly, I was THRILLED they opened here!  My only suggestion for improvement is that sometimes the waiters at the Rittenhouse location completely forget to check on diners regularly-- not all of them, and not always, but it's happened often enough over the years.  But again, it is a LOVELY place with fantastic food and coffee.This place is cute and has healthy-ish, tasty food and good espresso.  I've had both the sweet potato and the beet hummus toasts, and both were very good and not overwhelmingly large.  $12 for a toast and an espresso is a little steep, so i'm glad work only brings me to City Hall occasionally.  The selection isn't huge and i'd be thrilled if the toasts came with a little side salad, but as it is, i'll take it!  
Both times i've gotten toast here, everything has been packaged to-go by default.  Next time i'll be sure to indicate that i'm staying -- i don't love drinking good espresso out of a paper cup and the toast box is a lot of cardboard to just throw away.As Californians, it was like getting a little taste of home. Go upstairs and you don't feel like you are in an urban area at all. The avocado bread on multigrain bread was filling and healthful. The bowls were also good; could use a little Acai to make it full Cali style.Beautiful interior (the best part of this place in my opinion), but it's quite pricey and the music has been too loud every time I have been and it just turns the vibe from "pleasant cafe" to "Am I in a nightclub? Why is the bass vibrating the tables?" They put a lot of focus on presentation of the whole place; the interior, the food, and the drinks, are all beautiful, which I appreciate. 
Food: The food choices are limited, but I've loved everything that I have tried. The avocado toast with and without an egg and the banana toast are delicious and beautifully plated! They have some small bars and pre-packaged foods on the counter, but they are outrageously priced. 
Drinks: their chai latte is pretty milky and too sweet, but not bad. The plain latte, americano, matcha latte, and coffee are good, but more expensive than other similar places in the area. The golden milk latte tasted like curry soup and it was sadly the worst golden milk latte I've ever had, and a waste of nearly $5. 
Service: The baristas have been friendly every time I've visited, but service is pretty slow even when it is not busy. When it's busy, it's extra slow. 
There is also no wifi (unless you have a hotspot or xfinity), so I'm not quite sure what they were going for with this place. The limited food choices and focus on coffee items make it seem like it should be like a coffee shop where people can hang get some work done and hang out for a couple of hours, but there's no wifi. If it is supposed to be more of a food cafe like the Rittenhouse location, shouldn't the menu be more extensive? If they want to go for a place where people can meet, why is the music so loud? I just don't get what they're going for.I came in really spontaneously for avocado toast which are delicious to eat right on the spot before I started getting ready for a wedding. I mentioned to Jenny the cashier with an attitude that I wanted to eat at the bar But for some reason I had to pay right away incase I walked out without paying haha I tried to pay cash but she said they don't accept cash , it didn't bother me because I had my card but got forbid I didn't? Then some small talk were exchanged and I asked her to reappear herself because I didn't hear her and she shakes  her head like  (whatever). Anyway that girl has a bad attitude for no reason to strangers that walk in. I'm in hospitality and this girl won't last there. She's lucky I didn't go off on her. She's making the business look bad. I will come back for the avocado toast but if she has an attitude again I will def say something. 
Thank you!!!!!!Good place to do some reading. Coffee isn't bad. Baristas are friendly. -1 for lack of outlets and wifi.This Bluestone Lane is more of a coffee shop look than the Rittenhouse one which seems to be more of a brunch place (although this one serves food too).
The look of the place is very pastel and clean, with an open space on two floors. There are many options for places to sit, and would be a great place to study except for the lack of WiFi here. 
My friend got the Aussie iced latte (comes with ice cream!) and I got the iced Matcha latte. Both were very well well presented, but keep in mind that this place is completely cashless! In case you only have cash on youThis place is gorgeous, the interior is beautiful. The coffee is great, I just tried the latte with oatmeal milk and it was pretty good. You can come here and study upstairs or just grab a cup of coffee before work. The berry jam cookies are really good.Favorite breakfast place in philly! The avocado toast and iced latte were life changing... I'm def coming back tomorrow :-)Really enjoyed their cold brew coffee. Some of the best I have tried. I also ordered an avocado toast which was delicious. I will go back next time I am in Philly.Very disappointing. Thought I'd get some Aussie fare. How on earth can someone mess up Vegemite on Toast?  The toasted bread was cold in the middle. I large dollop of butter in the middle small amount of vegemite. And the rocotta and berry compete was a mess. Straight out of the freezer? SadI love this place. It doesn't get overly crowded, service is amazing, and the coffee and other drinks are delicious. I've never had the food, so I can't really comment on that, however, I did have their affogato. It is basically ice cream/gelato in a shot of espresso. Mmmm! So good. No sugar or cream needed as the ice cream is plenty to balance out the strong espresso. I'm always on a hunt for a nice after lunch dessert that will give me a kick. Hunt no more! Can't wait to get another oneEasily my favorite place to grab coffee in Philadelphia. The people are super nice, the drinks are delectable, and the banana toast will knock your socks off.This place is convenient, the coffee on par with other local establishments, and it's got a really cute interior design. That being said, I do not like that they are a "Charge Only" establishment. Maybe my 24 years are just not hip enough for the times anymore, but I do not feel like it necessary to place a 3 dollar coffee on my credit card when I have the cash on hand. The food is also pretty high in price for what you get and the specialty beverages are damn near shot glass sized for almost 6 bucks a pop.Came to try this location because I love the other one so much! Conveniently located next to city hall, this location is great if you are coming to work/study or for a quick bite. The menu is smaller and no table service here. Go to the other location for a more leisure brunch with friends!
Got the avocado smash and the banana toast. The avocado smash was comparable to what I ate at the other location, very good. The banana toast was a bit dry and may be better with peanut butter instead of almond butter. Wish I had the option to choose! The flat white and cappuccino were both very good as well. 
P.s: So in love with the decor and attempting to describe it won't do it justice. You have to see it for yourself!I had the smashed avocado toast..so so good! My latte was really good. I really liked that they had oat milk available. There were only two people working though so it was a little bit of a wait to get my order completed but was totally worth it. The coffee shop was clean and the food was good.First off, what a nice hipster looking place for the modern hipster. Great aesthetic inside. I got the avocado toast with poached egg. My egg wasn't poached at all. It was completely cooked. My friends was poached. So the inconsistency here is what knocked it down a star. But the portion was huge and it came in a cute box and it still tasted pretty delish. So some redeeming qualities there .The people here are so nice! Love the decor inside. Get the banana bread!!!! They have a lot of tea and coffee options too. I got the cappuccino which I loved. The fresh squeezed juices were really good and refreshing too.Bluestone Lane is quickly becoming my go to breakfast spot.  Great coffee and, while on the smaller side, their plated breakfast is great.  This time I had the ricotta toast which, again, smaller, but very tasty.  Their avo toast is brunch worthy.  Love that this Aussie shop is expanding as I found out we just got one in my first home, LA.  Good day mate.As soon as I walked in, I fell in love with this place. Being from New York, I appreciated the trendy wooden decor with accented greenery. 
Anyways, I got the avocado smash and it was super delicious. The bread was super fluffy and they do not hold back on the avocado! 
I highly recommend this place!What a cute little Australian coffee shop right by City Hall! Their coffees and espresso drinks are crafted with love and their toast game is STRONG! My friends and I tried the banana toast, the avocado toast, and the plain name toast. All three were delightful.This place was sooooo good. I took the kids for breakfast because I did not want them to have junk. Best $8 I spent on deliciously healthy avocado tartine. The banana and honey toast was delicious too and my favorite: the homemade red jam and ricotta with lemon zest. So good!!! Highly recommend for healthy breakfast.Excellent coffee, pretty cool atmosphere looking out at city hall, and enjoyed a good healthy breakfast.  I highly recommend the avocado toast with a poached egg on top.I just got lunch here today on the run and it was absolutely amazing. I had the avocado toast which was fresh and delicious with incredible spices on a delicious multigrain toast. They were also running a special for two of their mini pastry bites for two dollars. I had one that was coconut with a yellow sponge cake and jelly as well as a chocolate salted caramel one that was to die for. They also have very good unique ice teas. Today was a blood orange and pear. I will definitely be backGood Aussie-style coffee joint.  I liked their avocado toast  - add a poached egg - very nice!If you sit by the windows, there is a nice view to the city. I wish there were more vegan options like their Banana bread but they stopped making it vegan. I got some avocados with soft and delicious GF bread.5 stars for what it is: nice clean modern express coffee shop. I like it. Smells amazing. Croissants soft.Fresh glute free breakfast spot in the city. I had toast with banana slices honey and almond paste with hot chocolate. 
1.It is a bit pricey for the meal
2. The presentation was very good and the multigrain toast with the sweetness of the honey and bananas was awesomeStumbled upon this spot when I as headed towards another coffee shop. Plenty of seating and very refreshing atmosphere, it reminds me of being at the shore. The coffee is great and they have great pastries. The service was fast and the employees are friendly. Overall great little study spot to get work done or just relax. I will be coming back for sure. Only downside it's a little pricey but nothing too bizarre compared to other spots in Philly.The prices for lattes served in small glass cups is higher than comparable cafes i.e. La Colombe, but the aesthetic is worth it if you have a coffee to stay. Soft blues and bright whites, clean lines and a beachy feel. Take your $5 almond milk latte to stay with a brief respite from the cold and dreary winter.I work in the building and my favorite part of the cafe is the awesome staff. They brighten up my morning, remember your order so you feel like a local, and deliver a great product. I am legitimately addicted to the cold brew here... it is so good.
Special shoutout to Morgan... she's awesome. Doesn't matter what time of the day it is, she's on her game and dishing out smiles and cups of coffee like it's nothing.
Overall, super happy that this place is connected to our building, so I don't have to weather the weather to enjoy a great cup of coffee!Every so often I frequent this place and every time I wish I lived in walking distance. I usually get their soy chai which is like a warm hug and the avocado toast on a bagel with chimichurri. I love how they are not stingy with the avocado so it's makes for a great lunch. The place is bright and open and their baristas are really friendly. I can't wait until the weather get warmer. Hope that soy chai comes iced guys !!!The food quality was good but the price is a bit pricey for what it is. Service was great. But I was a little disappointed for not being able to order what I wanted because they didn't have it, we were looking forward because we drove 40 mins there. I recommend it for first time customer. But I don't think I'll come backNot really your typical cozy warm coffee shop but pretty good espresso and the creamiest avocado toast I've had in a while. Good vibe, high ceilings, decent music. Not my fav in philly but I'd come back.Nice little chill spot for some coffee but they're coffee prices are too high.  4.86 for a barely 12 oz? Not the next time.Bright , clean , cosy Aussie style coffee shop. Love the atmosphere! And everything bout this place.Bluestone lane has great food and amazing drinks. The prices, however, are very high relative to the portion sizes. Also they do not have wifi. If you have wireless access through your phone or by other means then it is fine and you can do work here, but if you are like me and depend on the wifi of the local establishment you are out of luck if you come to Bluestone Lane. It is super beautiful inside, but not comfy. I would say this is a great spot for a small meal and a very good drink, but not to stay for more than half an hour.Credit card only? Even after Philadelphia passed legislation trying to prevent stores from doing just this? Boggle..I was in Philadelphia for a wedding two weekends ago, and needed a quick coffee and breakfast in this area.  It was a Friday morning. The coffee shop was clean and orderly.  I had a matcha latte here and banana toast.  I highly recommend the banana toast!Great customer service and really lovely staff. 4/5 stars because the prices are quite expensiveGreat little cafe if you are looking for something on the go. I stopped into Bluestone Lane right before heading into work. The menu is small, but I find that places that have a smaller menu tend to be the best! I ordered the Classic Avocado Smash, which was balthazar toast with heirloom cherry tomatoes, red pepper flakes, sunflower sprouts & e.v.o.o. The avocado toast was very good and had a little bit of a kick to it with the red pepper flakes on top. The toast was very good and filling. I also liked having the option of adding a fried egg on my avocado toast. My only complaint would be that the avocado toast came to $9.00. I thought that was a fairly expensive breakfast.Very fresh and modern spot for breakfast and brunch. I love the bright light popping colours at their spot in philly. 
Came here on a Monday around midday and had a salmon toast and my hubby had the banana toast. They both tasted really good and the cute boxes they came in was amazing and I like that it's recycable!! I loved the taste of the of the honey and cinnamon drizzled on top of the banana, nice and smooth going down my palette. 
Pretty cool spot to check out!Good ambiance but the coffee wasn't great. Ended up dumping it and getting a cup at LaColumbe down the streetGood food and service but upstairs is FILTHY. There are clumps of dirt all over the second floor. The avocado toast is delish, as is the macchiato. Maybe get your order to go?There is a lot to like here like the avocado toast, but they only accept credit cards and the avocado toast comes in a box that when opened is difficult to eat from. I kept trying to slip it back in the box.I love this place. It's a little pricey, but it's a very convenient location to where I work and the service is always fast. 
Their cold brew is excellent and so is the assortment of fancy coffee drinks. I've only ventured away from coffee once to try the matcha latte--pro tip for those sweltering summer days, they make an iced version! I've also tried the oatmeal and recently a salad bowl with a poached egg. 
If you're looking for healthy (ish) food that's consistently fresh, this is a great spot.Only complaint is they play too much Lil Uzi Vert sometimes.  Or just music that doesn't really go with the vibe of the coffee shop.  I'm tryna chill.  Not turn up.
Update: owner contacted me and said he talked to his team about the issue.  Hopefully this means more chillaxing vibes.Friendly, but slow service. Thought I'd get a quick bite to eat but when the same guy is manning the cash register and food, it becomes a long wait. 
I got a ricotta and berry toast. $8!!! Not worth the sleep price. Literally just bought ricotta that's spread on toast and then topped with berry compote.
That toast, a yogurt/granola, and a water cost $17!!!
Yogurt and granola was also just okay.
Steep prices for lackluster food.I came here this morning for a business meeting, and I really liked it a lot. It's very small, with just about 5 or 6 hightop tables for two and some window seating, but that kind of adds to the cute appeal. There were a lot of 2-person meetings like mine but it was still pretty quiet overall. The service was courteous and friendly, and the coffee (hot brew for me) was really good. Much higher quality than most, but for no more than the cost of a coffee from Starbucks (and I got mine in a refillable cup to boot). 
The one downside was good-related - my associate got a banana nut muffin and abandoned it less than halfway through. She described it as simultaneously dry and undercooked (maybe the result of a too-low baking temperature and too long in the oven?) In any event, I never order muffins, so I'm not deterred. This'll be on my preferred list for meeting spots in the area from now on!Nice little chill spot for some coffee but they're coffee prices are too high.  4.86 for a barely 12 oz? Not the next time.  Also management needs to look into getting that place dusted.  Serious lint and collection of dust balls all throughout the upstairsI'm obsessed with bluestone lane.  The avocado toast is massive and delicious.  The cold brew is STRONG and has an amazing unique taste.  It's also available in a 20oz which I love.  The service is friendly and fast.  The location can't be beat because it is located near the waterfront in the legendary 30 Hudson street tower commercial space.  I'm a regular and will continue to be!All three times that I have visited this location I have had subpar service and felt like I had to empty my pockets for that experience in a very average somewhat dingy looking place. For a coffee shop that is literally in the middle of a city, I would expect more efficient service. 
Today was the straw that broke the proverbial camels back and was the time that I said NO MORE and will not be coming back. I gave my order for my tomato and cheese sandwich, which was $10 by the way, and then proceeded to loose the next 20 mins of my life waiting. I was the only one in the shop when I walked in until after I placed my order. The cashier then chose to help the 6 people who came in after me before even getting to my order. (Note: There was another person working but they were sitting in the customer area on a laptop instead of jumping in and helping when the other folks walked in). After 10 mins of waiting, I went up to the counter and asked where my food was and got an excuse that she was just about to start making it. I then watched in horror as she tried to make my sandwich stopping to read the directions for every step, then opening and closing the grill every 30 secs to see if it was done, only to get it stuck on the grill because she didnt spray it with the pam that was sitting next to the grill and then proceeded to mall it when trying to cut it because the bread was so tough. 
I shared my frustration with the time and choices that the cashier made but to be honest, this was the third time I have been here and the third time I have experienced a labored and lengthy wait, which is something that I dont see improving at this point. 
Three times was not a charm for me here.The atmosphere is really cute and the employees are friendly but the coffee tasted old and bitter :( good place to stop in and warm up during winter in the city though!!!We were here on Saturday at around 2 pm. The place was empty. We got the affogato, cappuccino and chocolate croissant. I enjoyed the affogato coffee (which is the one scoop of vanilla icecream topped with the expresso. This was my first time trying affogato coffee and I enjoyed it. The chocolate croissant was not toasted so it was a waste.
Overall,
Affogato- 4.5/5
Cappuccino- 3/5
Chocolate croissant- 2/5
Service- 2.5/5
Price- 3/5I like this place.  It feels like I'm at a home or a beach spot.  I liked my avocado toast which was fresh and fantastic.  It did have some pepper flakes on it, so be aware if you can't handle spice.  The coffee was delicious and it was open pretty early like 7 am.  I enjoyed my stay here.The food was okay. My eggs were shockingly unseasoned. No salt or pepper at all, and I had to ask three times for seasoning before getting any. All the other flavours in the bowl couldn't make up for the most bland eggs I've ever been served. All in all, we enjoyed it but I'm not sure I'd recommend it or go back. I felt I could have made a lot of it myself and it was definitely overpriced for what you get.This is a cherry place in the heart of center City with a nice ambience and a friendly staff. they have a more formal brunch setting with table service or you can opt to eat more casually and grab coffee and pastry at the to go window. we very much enjoyed the lamington dessert as well as the chocolate croissant and coffee. previously and this was a different coffee shop where the vibe was not quite as friendly so I think they did a good job with the renovations.I think I'll have to give the other location a shot to see if my opinions could change. I was pumped about trying Bluestone for the first time but just honestly didn't see the hype about it. This location was not a cozy coffee shop, it was empty, and the barista didn't seem like he was having it either... 
For the smallest size cup which felt MINIATURE, my matcha latte must have been around $6 and to be honest didn't taste that great either. I've had much better let's just say that. 
Compared to UBB, la colombe, and other local shops in the area you can get a much better atmosphere and with half the price. 
Hopefully I'll be back to try the Rittenhouse location and understand the other reviews I'm reading...The almond butter toast with jam is SO good, and came delivered in an adorable little toast box! Looking forward to trying more things here!This is my second visit to this location. Absolutely love it! It has a great relaxing vibe, great music, and the staff are extremely pleasant. My mother and I enjoy chatting with Dominic. And their gluten free baked goods are some of the best I've ever had. You wouldn't know it's gluten free if they hadn't told you. If you're looking for great coffee, a relaxing venue, and great food, this is the place.Great cafe for a breakfast/brunch bite, though definitely on the pricier side. Drink and a food item will generally run you $12-14, but everything comes out #instagramable. Really enjoyed the avocado toast and it really felt like a filling breakfast with the added poached egg on top. On the other hand the ricotta toast felt a little light (though still delish) but cost the same as the avocado toast. The iced coffee was great and they have a ton of non-dairy options available (including oat milk). Appreciated that their prices were a little lower than they are in NYC!eating healthy is expensive!
instead of opting in for a bagel w/ cream cheese and a coffee, i decided i'll get some avocado toast and a matcha latte (trying to add some greens in the morning). quick breakfast bite = $16 
might as well have gotten a 3 roll sushi special for lunch!!! $16 for a quick breakfast is steeeeep
the prices here are high. i got ONE slice of avocado toast w/ an egg for $10 and honestly, it could have been better! the avocado needed a tad more salt but the egg was poached well
all in all, if you have the money to blow and you want to be healthy, this is a great place! but i think i'm gonna stick to my $2 coffee with a banana in the morningGreat Australian-inspired cafe. Menu selection is super healthy and the food quality definitely delivers. 
Would love to see both better price deals and more of a Philly flair but I understand it's hard having it be a chain restaurant... That said, service is always great and I appreciate them letting me WFH over a few coffees and my brunch.
That flexibility and the high quality coffee keeps me coming back!New coffee/cafe across the street from City Hall. They have amazing cold and hot coffee.i do prefer pourovers. their house brew packs tons of flavor. Rivals the best coffee in the city. 
 Friendly staff, bright and cheery interior. 
I believe they have limited hours for the summer. Given the location (shared building) it's understandable. They cater to the surrounding City workers. 
Credit only. Discount for byo-mug.
UPDATE: i've been noticing there is no more discount for bringing your own mug.. they charge the higher priced brew coffee. not good... i'm trying to save the planet!!!Staff was great! The toast was wonderful on GF bread as well. Coffee was spot on! And the cold press juice was a great healthy choice!Bluestone Lane is by far THE BEST place to grab a quick but delicious brunch no matter what city you're in. Their avocado toast is my favorite by far, and their oatmeal is delicious too. As for the coffee, I love a good, plain cold brew and mine here was wonderfully smooth and full of flavor. Great service, nice and chic interior, and most importantly, great food! Give this place a try for sure.Bluestone Lane is known far and wide as the originator of avocado toast. I know, I know. You're sick of avocado toast. Sometimes, I am, too, especially when I've eaten it for the third day in a row. But on this day, I hadn't had avocado toast in awhile, I was hungover, and I wanted a healthy breakfast, so off to BSL I trekked! The setting is sleek, modern, and spacious. It's the perfect kind of atmosphere for getting shit done or relaxing with pals.
But I found out fast that the avocado toast here is actually pretty average and kind of expensive. At my local suburban coffee shop, $8 gets you a thick ass piece of multigrain toast topped with a generous portion of sliced and seasoned avocado, pickled onions, toasted pepitas, and microgreens when they're on-season. It's finished off with a sweet and sour honey-oil dressing. 
At BSL, $8 gets you a decent-quality sandwich slice of toast slathered with a layer of guacamole and topped with red pepper flakes.
Did I mention I live on the Main Line? The prices of everything within my vicinity are jacked up af. Establishments "main line" their prices because they know they can get away with it. And they do!
My oat milk latte, though? Total perfection. I'd return here for the coffee in a heartbeat. But just the coffee.