We came here on a Saturday in August around 1:30 PM. Although the Blue Duck was crowded, we were seated without a wait. The space is very modern, classy and clean, there is outdoor seating, high table tops and booths downstairs and another small dining room upstairs.
The Blue Duck only serves Brunch on Saturday and Sunday afternoons. I was looking forward to one of their sandwiches I have read so much about on Yelp, but who doesn't like brunch?
I ordered the Chicken and Waffles - Boneless fried chicken, homemade Belgian waffles, bourbon syrup, and smoked paprika. This was a good but not great dish. The waffle tasted great and the texture was also very good. The chicken was not as flavorful as I had hoped and the bourbon syrup tasted more like ordinary maple syrup. My daughter had the Stock's Pound Cake French toast. This was a delicious pound cake French toast and the whipped cream was awesome also. We were looking for some fruit instead of the chocolate chips. That would have really made the dish in my opinion.
Service was pretty good, especially being they were so busy.  Overall, it was a good brunch not a great brunch. I will give it another shot for their regular lunch or dinner.
3.5 Yelp starsBlue Duck on Broad served a good, but not amazing Sunday brunch. Not many changes in the decor from when the space was BOP, though the wilting air plants have vacated the walls. Have yet to sit upstairs or outside: a party had reserved the upstairs, though it didn't seem to get full at any point during brunch, and outside was full sunlight on a hot summer midday.
The Duck Benedict was tasty, but small for a brunch item, served without sides. The quesadilla, which is normally "brisket and egg" on their brunch menu, seemed to be a special with short-rib and was overly greasy, partially saved by the fresh salsa, which had a bit of heat from the jalapenos. The Chicken & Waffles was fine: good portion size and no complaints, though no ravings, either.
The one drink that was ordered, a muddled margarita, came as a mojito. Our fellow diner chose not to complain, but did not enjoy the vodka.
Overall, it was fine, not great, not terrible, but not enough to return to.Dined here shortly after they opened. Was excited to try it because of all the hype. Never dined at the original location. 
Our server was clearly a novice. She didn't know much about the menu and wasn't able to answer our questions. If you're gonna open a restaurant in center city and charge center city prices then you better hire experienced servers. 
The food was ok. I ordered the porkroll burger. I assumed it was gonna be a burger topped with porkroll. It was more of a ground up pork roll patty. I like my burgers seasoned heavy on the salt but holy crap, this burger was SALTY. 
Don't see myself coming back here anytime soonThis place is horrible! Great location and great open space, but food is horrible and so overpriced! Food was meh. Waste of money, unfortunately.Finally checked out this new place in the neighborhood.  I had the short rib mac and cheese. It was bland and not sure if there actually was any cheese. My husband had the pork roll burger. While he said it was tasty, it was small and came with nothing else on the plate...for $14.  Unfortunately there's no reason for us to ever return.Don't waste your time with this location. The original location in the northeast is much better. I have given this restaurant three tries since it opened, sit down, delivery (via caviar), and pick up, and each encounter left something to be desired. The menu consistently sucks at this location and is not cohesive to say the least. I will gladly dine at their location in the northeast, but will not set foot in the broad street location again.Such a great spot!  You need to try the Short rib mac for sure.  Bartender and waitress were so pleasant.  Windows open and enjoying the great food, calm atmosphere, and perfect serviceWe had reservations for Blue Duck for about 3 weeks for Saturday June 9th. We wanted to have a nice girls night. We come to the restaurant at noon only to find out it is closed. No one decided to tell us that it would be closed. They waisted our time and we are very unhappy. We will not go to any other location. Very unprofessional.My husband and I stop in the Blue Duck quite often for drinks and apps. We have never been disappointed. The bartenders are always very attentive and willing to have a conversation! That is a must if you ask me. We love the duck fries here. You have to try them when you come in. We love the vibe here also. The music they play is great and at a really nice level, louder than a typical restaurant but not too loud! If you're out in Center City, stop by this spot!This is a great spot! Server was really friendly and attentive and the food was on point. Split the pound cake French toast and it was delicious and very filling. This place has a lot of TVs and an absolute
Bomb playlist. Would be an ideal spot for a Sunday at 12noon in the fall when you're still a little hungover but you've gotta watch the game but can't quite deal yet. Also, very crispy baconLunch today was simply...delish! I had a mouth-watering, charred broccoli, chicken Caesar salad.  The dressing was perfect and not overpowering. I ate every last morsel! My co-worker had a turkey club on fresh marble rye...the portion was so filling that she had half wrapped "to go". She raved about the taste in between hunger satisfaction smiles. Service was fast. Staff were friendly and accommodating.  Foot traffic on Broad seems light in that area...I suggest you run, don't walk. I'll definitely be returning! Thanks!!!Oh I had such high expectations for this place. So disappointing though. The mussels: Horrible! Who puts broccoli rabe juices in with fennel? Everything in the plate had the same bitter, lingering, overpowering taste. Duck fries: One melted soggy clump of greasy stuff! Duck & Kimchi Egg Rolls: The kimchi was so overpowering you couldn't taste the duck. But you could taste the grease. The cucumber gin & tonic: Overpoweringly sweet. Like cucumber cough syrup. The Northeast location was so highly recommended. I can't imagine this could be this much worse.Mark the bartender is the absolute best!! He's so knowledgeable about the cocktails and had the most amazing recommendation for our food. We loved the tacos (they change daily) and the short rib mac and cheese. Honestly request to sit at the bar, mark will be the best pre and post entertainment before your show!Really this is a 2.8 star review but I'm a nice guy like Donnie Brasco. Apparently this place is nude. New. What did I say, nude? Anyway, the only pass I give these people is that maybe they're too new like a little girl on a bike with training wheels. You take off the training wheels and she falls but you say "Hey! That's ok little girl because you're a little girl and it's your first time with no training wheels and all" Hopefully the blue duck is that excited, sweet little girl who is not yet coordinated enough to run a restaurant. Because sheesh. I got chicken and waffles for brunch because hey, I wasn't driving, and my lady friends got some other gabagoo. I'm going to address Blue Duck directly here: Listen, you don't serve the C&W in a bowl plate you can't cut into. You don't. Also, you give a sharp knife not a butter knife to separate all that fare. And you better sharpen those knives because your chicken AND waffle was as dry as Missouri come Labor Day. You know an easy fix, Moody Blue? Pour more than a syringe worth of syrup all over everything to wetten it up for your poor diners. And after you drop off the check you circle back in no longer than it would take Toby Keith to belt a tune about the good ole US of A, because people want to make like a tree leaf and go already. Toby Keith wouldn't stand for it, he would pour your bourbon syrup all over your little girl's bicycle.This is my first review and I had such a good experience I was inclined to write this.  I came here last night for the soft opening with a few friends and I will definitely be coming back.  We sat at the bar for the duration of the visit and had a fantastic experience.  The space was recently redone as I understood and it has a really inviting atmosphere.  The bar is a decent size and I imagine it will draw in a good happy hour crowd.  Mark, one of the bartenders, was extremely attentive and personable.  We had a great time interacting with him and he took amazing care of us!!  I will most likely be going back just for him! The other two bartenders on duty at the time were also very friendly.  
Onto the drink and food.  I drank the Blossom Drop for the whole night and it was delicious.  A little sweet but not overpowering.  Definitely couldn't taste the alcohol!  For the appetizers, we ordered the pepperjack cheese curds, the togarashi tots, and the brussels sprouts.  All were great - my favorite being the cheese curds.  They are coated in a Victory Summer Love tempura battered.  Melted in my mouth!  For entrees, we tried the Short Rib Mac & Cheese, Beef Tartare, Burrata, Blue Duck Fries, and the Pork Roll Burger.  All were absolutely fantastic.  The Burrata was my least favorite - pretty standard but still good.  The beef tartare was very unique having been chopped with provolone cheese in a worchestire glaze.  It was amazing!  The flavors were incredible.  And how can you not love fries tossed in duck fat and a pork roll and beef patty with sriracha mayo??  Absolutely delicious!  We finished our meal with the flourless chocolate cake with an espresso glaze and a butterscotch krimpet.  The butterscotch krimpet was my favorite and had a caramel drizzle on it.  Love love love!
Overall, this will be my new go-to in Philadelphia.  I'm definitely looking forward to trying their tacos as well as their brunch!Awesome things to say about this place.  I had an amazing salad, and that is hard to accomplish because I'm not a salad person.  They were one of the few places on a Friday night we could get into without reservations but I'm not sure why because the food was great, staff was friendly and helpful, and ambiance was very nice!  They had a pretty late happy hour as well which we loved!Went to Blue Duck for brunch after having been to the original location and loving it and was... a bit indifferent about my experience. The pork roll egg rolls, short rib quesadilla, and duck fries were all excellent, and there are plenty more menu items that I would like to try, but a few other things led to a lukewarm experience. The "nuclear" wings did not live up to their name, the Bloody Mary's were different from one to the next (with the green bloody being especially bad), and there was a strange lack of hot sauce for tacos (I was given Sriracha-ketchup), all of which were frustrating. With a bit more consistency, this place could be great!I went to Blue Duck on Broad for brunch with a friend and my soon to be 1 year old son. The duck fries was a HIT! I loved it and so did my baby. My friend ordered the chicken and waffle. It was not the best. It was more like chicken tenders and waffle. I'll go back again for the DUCK FRIES.I'm here for the chicken and waffles and I didn't even order it. After scrolling through yelp pics I wasn't super impressed by the presentation so I decided to order the pork roll burger. Lesson learned, we're not profesh photographers out here and that's OK. Luckily my friend got the chicken and waffles and let me have a few bites. SO F'N GOOD. The skin was perfectly fried and the meat was juicy. The syrup complimented the dish very well. The pork roll burger was pretty great as well. We got an order of the duck fat fries too...don't sleep on these. They are amazing. They have some sweet items on the brunch menu but they seemed obsessively sweet. I low key wanted to order the fruity pebble French toast but I decided to be an adult...maybe next time.Service was good. Food was okay. I was surprised by how small the dinner menu was. The mac and cheese was a nice portion, but  seemed to be missing something. The duck fries were good.  The salads were tiny and overpriced.  Didn't love or hate my meal.This is more of a 3.5 star review I'd say. My friend and I needed a quick dinner near the Academy of music before seeing Wicked (so so good by the way) and settled on blue duck. I've been meaning to go their original location for years and it has somehow never happened but this was a good compromise. From the looks of it happy hour was happening but neither of us paid attention as neither of us was drinking. In hindsight we should have checked the food happy hour menu, next time. My friend had a glucose (or something) test the next morning so we're a bit limited on options as she had to stay away from carbs. We ended up sharing a few things:
- hot wings: very light coating but a tasty hot sauce 
- burrata: you can add chicken but chicken and bursts sounded off to us so we didn't take them up ok that offer. It came with a spring mix and tomatoes with a light balsamic drizzle. Not bad but it could have used some kind of seasoning. 
- sirloin with chimichurri: this was perfectly cooked and had a great chimichurri sauce on it. They also had purple tomatoes and tri color carrots which were a nice add on. My favorite dish out of the evening!
I highly recommend the sirloin as it was very well made. I look forward to coming back for the duck fries and mac and cheese, people around us were having them and they both look amazing!I saw that they won the best burger in philly. I saw that they were on Eater's hottest resto in Philly list. So brought friends there. I think them not really knowing what they want to be is the biggest problem. 
Food: The entrees were in $20-30, which is a big ask for a place that had huge tvs on the walls (which seems more of casual sports bar decor). The burgers were $12-14, but no side comes with it (just 3 pickles). Idk maybe their original spot in NE mistook the center city folks for hemorrhaging money on mediocreness. If your food is alright, you can still do good business if you make the atmosphere worth it. The price points were $5 higher than what they were worth. $10-14 for cocktails (lk that's speakeasy tier ask) $21 for two pieces of fried chicken (one piece was pretty big though), with bland meat (I think they could have brined the meat longer). Just nothing impressed us. Pork roll burger was good but at that pt, it wasn't good enough to make me want to come back. And the beer was served lukewarm (although that probably was an honest mistake). 
Service: probably a new hire, but very nice and things came out quickly. 
Overall: If they don't want to be like bop and flop in less than one year, they should either upscale the decor or lower the price point (lk drop the seafood options going for $25+ and just do more casual options under $20 lk maybe more expansive burger options bc that's pretty much why anyone is bookmarking this place on yelp)Disappointing in that this location didn't have the Beast of the Northeast burger which is why I came here 
Got the pork roll burger with the duck fat fries. Burger was pretty good but Left me wanting for what this location didn't have.  Place is nice and there's other stuff to consider for next time but may have to see what the ugly duckling might have and end with final stop at the original.  Fries can be a meal on their own. Burger was good and messy but I am left to wonder how that beast of the northeast burger is and will just have to go to more out of the way the original location I guess to find outI came here for a family-setting brunch. I really liked my waffle, but they messed up some of the other orders at our table & were slow despite us being one of only a few tables. Convenient location, but probably won't be returning on my own accord.I made the mistake of trying this place. I should have known better given the ease at which I obtained by reservation and the appearance of the staff when I walked in the door. First, the unkempt waitress brought out warm water to our table. Next, I ordered the fried chicken ... which came with a side of hair. I pointed the hair out to the waitress who told the kitchen and manager. 
They brought out a new, single piece of chicken in a bowl. It felt like it was leftovers from yesterday that I had reheated in my micro. I had to ask to have my chicken with the vegetables on a plate like I had originally ordered. The waitress was not happy but complied. There was never an apology from either the waitress or manager, who by the way was dressed like he was going to see Kid Rock in concert. The waitress brought out the check knowing I was unhappy with my experience and never once said sorry or offered to comp my meal. I will never return and am ashamed by my temporary lapse in judgment to give this wanna-be Center City restaurant a shot.I always check Yelp before I try a new restaurant and was a little hesitant to go here based on the mixed reviews. However, everything was absolutely fantastic from the food to the service. My husband and I took our 4 month old daughter here for brunch with two of our friends. Our waitress was super welcoming and attentive. The place is huge and spacious, and definitely kid friendly. They also have outdoor and bar seating, along with TVs on the walls which fascinated our daughter.
Drink wise, my husband and I got Bloody Mary's and our friends got mimosas. The Bloody Mary was delicious, though a little strong on the black pepper. Food wise, we ordered the short rib quesadillas, the chicken & waffles, the pork belly egg rolls, and the pound cake French Toast. Everyone loved their dishes. I normally do not order sweet dishes for brunch but I had heard great things about the pound cake they use (from Stock's) so I ordered it and was so happy with it. It was soft, not overly sweet, and filling. The duck fat fries looked OUTSTANDING and we wish we had ordered it to split in the beginning!
I would definitely return for brunch!The hostess was pretty spaced out. We couldn't understand if the place was closing soon or not. The waiter did not clarify that there is another Blue Duck restaurant and that they serve different dishes, we were asking for. We had the pork loin with mashed polenta, and Brussels sprouts. Also, the salmon with risotto; which originally is served with Trout, but they were out. The server failed to mention that the pork dish, we asked for was actually a loin cut and not a chop. The pork loin dish, on top of everything else was certainly more suited for a brunch item, since it was drizzled with maple syrup. Nonetheless, The protein was cooked properly and the veggies were tasty. A bit overpriced overall.Wow, where do I begin? How about food. Everyone at my table got undercooked potatoes. My Benedict was cold. English muffins not toasted. And interesting that a breakfast sandwich would come with pickles. Bacon side, some pieces extra crispy (burnt), some chewy. Service was amusing. My favorite was a waitress bringing three drinks--one in each hand, and one press against her cleavage with the right forearm. My plate sat uncleared for 15mins (and was still there when I left). Everyone looked disorganized, left they never worked in a restaurant before.We got to sit outside around 730PM on a Wednesday. Great for people watching too since it's right on broad street. Wait staff was fine but nothing out of this world. Relatively small menu but everything sounded good. Split duck fries and wings for the table of 5. Wings were OK. Fries were good. I got a pork roll burger which was delicious. Comes with an egg, siracha mayo and pickles. The burger was just excellent but it wasn't too much/too messy either. Tried my friends Casino Clams which were decent but you could probably get better in the area for less. The Short Rib Mac N Cheese was also excellent. Overall excellent but the food items I suppose were a bit hit or miss. But the ones that hit were fantastic.STAY AWAY!!!
How on earth this place got 3 stars is totally beyond comprehension. On a whim (without checking Yelp reviews first) we stopped here on Saturday for lunch. Upon entering we were asked if we had a reservation (there was only one other group at a table), we said no and were asked to follow the hostess when we were ready and she moved on, I guess we were ready!
We were seated and waited and waited - no server. Eventually the hostess came back and asked for drinks, water was fine but unfortunately my wife asked for coffee. The water came and then the coffee. My wife added some cream from the personal jug. It curdled but she tasted the coffee - it wasn't just luke warm, it was stone cold!
Still no sign of our server. Eventually someone came back to refill the water upon which I mentioned the coffee was cold, telling me she'd get more, I told her not to bother. We eventually ordered through the hostess, Chicken & Waffles is apparently a piece of chicken and A waffle. My wife's Eggs Benedict sat under the warming lamp for some time, she measured 9 minutes, thanks to the open kitchen and there not being too many other customers. The potato side was drowned in salt and luke warm. My 'Remedy" I think it was called was OK except for the luke warm potato side. After this was served our server finally showed up and asked if everything was OK, at which point we just wanted to leave. After finishing what we could stomach and waiting and waiting and waiting for a modicum of attention I stood up to put my jacket on, hoping someone would see me and come over with the check - no luck. Our server was chatting in the bar area, I interrupted her for the check.
This place is absolutely pathetic, we observed the staff just hanging around chatting and laughing. Our server and a cook went out back to smoke and filled the inside with their leftovers.
Again, STAY AWAY, the myriad of food carts provide better food and service.Advertise an old fashioned on the menu, and produce a drink that isnt an old fashioned, then charge me for it when i said it wasnt right and didnt drink it. I think not.Food- mediocre.. 
basic dishes. Pricing was okay.
Service- not great
Went there the other night on a Friday and posted hours said closes at 11pm. At 10pm it was empty besides my table with two other people and staff shuffled around as if they wanted to close early so we left. I think that's a bit rude. 
Typically I try to go back to a restaurant or store even if I had a bad first experience but I think this place is one and done for me.This place is just as tasty as the original. The duck fries are spectacular every time. The pork roll burger, chicken sandwich, and turkey club all hit different marks. General Tso's wings are also recommended.
I was one of the first ones through the door on their first day and they did not disappoint. Subsequent visits have also left me more than satisfied. 
The drinks are tasty, but I do wish they had tap beer and sodas at this location. If the drinking situation was sorted, I'd elevate it to the full five stars. I think it will be there soon. This was a hyper fast turnaround on the restaurant, and I think it will be right up there in another month.The original location in northeast is much much much better. Blue Duck on Broad is honestly nothing special. They don't have a variety of food options and the food is good, but not excellent. We loved our experience at the original location, but unfortunately were left disappointed with this one. Most likely we won't be returning.First time here. Need to "tighten-up" the service. Love the decor and ambiance, but there should be a less laid-back vibe at the bar (i.e., no customer should have to prompt service). All-in-all, a decent edition to Broad St. Center City corridor, but needs to focus on the patron a little more.When I heard this NE Philly spot was coming to take over BOP (which I adored their Korean Fried Wings) I had to check them out. I came during lunch hour and the place had plenty seating and quick seating. The menu was paltry, but covered the basis, salads, small plates & sandwiches. Of course the bar menu on the back of the menu covered the basis. I really didn't see anything I wanted to eat and didn't feel like walking out to keep searching. 
I settled on a fried chicken sandwich. It didn't come with fries :-( so I ordered a side. Fresh cut fries, lightly salted were good and plentiful. The sandwich was meh. I was hoping for  more. It wasn't really seasoned & was covered with so much purple slaw, I had to scrape most of it off. 3 tasty dill pickle slices on the side were yummy! I LOVE pickles!!!! Anyway, too pricey, but this is the high rent area, so I should have known. Good if you're in the area, but a walk to Smokin' Betty's would have been a better choice.  The service was good, no complaints there.
I won't be back to this one, but I'll try the NE location this weekend.BRUNCH BRUNCH BRUNCH!!! ordered the short rib quesadilla (beef, eggs, and cheese: i could not have asked for more) and it was MASSIVE i legit could've took half home and made that a meal but i ate the whole thing because i have no boundaries. what's the point of brunch if you don't slip into a food coma immediately after??? hhaahahaha my only complaint is that their service is iffy; they didn't know if they had a table open when we walked in and the waitress came by at really infrequent times but im a fanWent for dinner, were seated without issue, restaurant was empty. Sat for 10 minutes without anyone coming to say say hi or pour water. After 10 minutes and still no waiter (they were so disinterested/clueless, I was literally turning around in my seat to try to get someone's attention without effect) we got up and left. Too many good restaurants in the city to bother with thatA must-stop when in Philadelphia.  
We had Friday night dinner and Saturday brunch here.  Two meals x 3 people and each of us thought our meals were outstanding.  
The beer can Chicken was fantastic as were the scallops. 
The Blue Duck Fries are to die for; and if they kill you, you'll die very happy.
Try the bread pudding.  It's one of the best I've had. Ever. 
Service was outstanding both visits. Karen, the manager was extremely attentive to her customers. 
If Ashley is on the floor, ask to be seated with her for tremendous  service.Soulless layout and ambiance but creative menu and tasty food. I had the duck mac and cheese which was delicious while the brussel sprouts were mediocre. The space would be good for a large group.I would go here for drinks if it was around the corner from my office or something. The bar area is open and bright and nice. The drink selection is perfectly fine. The staff is friendly and pleasant.
I would eat here only if this place was around the corner from my office and someone else was paying. I came here because it had such good reviews and all I can ask myself is "why?". We tried several different appetizers, most were unforgettable, all were very overpriced. The wings were the best thing; I would eat them again. The mac and cheese was actually bad.Welcome to Center City! Blue Duck is a wonderful addition to the culinary scene in Philadelphia. Fantastic chef - delicious food (try the carrots) - friendly efficient staff. We will be back often.As a northeast Philly native that has lived in center city for almost a decade I really hoped this place would be a success. I hope this review serves as constructive criticism as the standards in center city are much different for food and alcohol. I planned a dinner here for friends on night 2 of opening weekend assuming it was a slam dunk based on their reputation. I was wrong. I expected kinks but not major concept issues. It felt rushed and slapped together without good consulting. To start, for anyone that doesn't know the northeast location exists, the identity of this place would be totally confusing. The rustic chic decor is beautiful and airy but nothing original like the other (and future ugly duckling). It feels more upscale (along with the prices) and yet the waitresses and hostess are wearing blue duck tshirts. It took ten min to get seated with a reservation. There was no hostess at the table and she walked over several times to grab menus without acknowledging us. There was no menu posted so we thought it was safe to assume it was similar to the other. It was much smaller, pricier (acceptable if quality aligns) and underwhelming. The only duck was the fries and they were not nearly as good as the the other location. The meatloaf was solid but nothing I'd run back for. Beef tartare did not smell or taste fresh. Brown rice with the fish was caked in sauce. One of the more disappointing pieces was the "cocktail menu". It is crucial to have solid drinks at a city restaurant. Classic cocktails at the very least. Everything was sweet even the sidecar. We ordered manhattans and got old fashioneds. The waitress was Semi nice but not very professional and said "are yous ready to order". When the 200 bill for 4 ppl came I sank in my seat since this dinner was my idea and I had talked it up so much. Other friends were shocked when they asked how it was and I had to sadly say "not good". Others in my party used harsher words. This review might seem scathing and I am actually uncomfortable writing it. But I hope someone there sees it because this place needs a major overhaul to compete with better less expensive options before it's too late and the good Blue Duck name is tarnished. I would've given two stars without the namesake.The craft cocktails at Blue Duck on Broad were good. I was pleasantly surprised by "The Grifter." The food was ok. I will say that the atmosphere is the best part. I love having a drink while listening to late 90s and early 2000s slow jams. "Back that A$$ up" was a pleasant surprise to hear while finishing my Cucumber Gin Rickey.Overpriced and confused. This place is just a mix up of different things. It needs to stick to one or two things and just own it. For example: when you come in it has a sign that says please wait to be seated. I waited a few minutes then the hostess arrived and told me I could sit anywhere. It that's the case just put a sign that says please find a seat instead of making guests wait. I sat at the bar and noticed the nice upscale door but there were several flat screen tvs on the walls. I didn't know if I was at sports bar or a nice restaurant. The owner or GM definitely must be a man since all the tvs were all playing sports related shows. The music was strange. It ranged from slow rock to hard rap music. I heard the smiths, third eye blind, Depeche Mode, etc. I can appreciate a variety of music but when you are dining I don't want to be drowned out by music.  o
They have a one page menu with drinks on one side and food on the other. I was a little surprised the the cheapest item was $10 and all the beers were $7. This just screams laziness and overpriced. The entrees were all around $20 or more. I chose the sweet and sour fried chicken for $21. It was a 9:30pm on a Saturday and when I ordered. I was told I was lucky since I got the last chicken of the night. While I was eating I saw another order come out of fried chicken. ?!? I received two pieces of chicken over a small bed of bok choy with slivers of cucumbers and radish. Needless to say I was still hungry after I had dinner. The fried chicken had a nice thick crust but it was covered in sauce and was still on the bone. So it was difficult to eat. The crust was too thick to use silverware and eating with your hands was messy. I ended up doing both. They should offer the sauce on the side but then you would be paying for two $10 pieces of chicken and i am not talking about a thigh or a breast. I received a drumstick and a wing. That's like $10 a wing. I think the price points need to be adjusted. It's too overpriced for me to enjoy. I would be starving all the time and broke drinking $7 beers. I am not recommending BD. You should go try it once for yourself and let me know if I am right or wrong.Came across this place thanks to Yelp! It was the perfect brunch spot, place had a great atmosphere and played fun music (cardi b hit a lick came on). Food was delicious! We had the fruity pebbles French toast, chicken and waffle, and cheesy duck fries. Try the duck fries!!Poor presentation of food. Nice menu but disappointing food. Should not be on Eater's brunch list. My first let down by Eater. This is more of a sports bar write a mixed vision of glass upscale/trendy dining. I'd recommend this place a a sports bar with drunk food. Also, we were sat upstairs and the ceiling was filthy including with dust and worse with some spots that looked like mold on the air return vent.For all the hoopla about this place, it was really just okay.  NOTE: We were there on a Wednesday after SIPS had finished.  
Service:  Our waitress was great.  There was a group of 15 of us, and she did a wonderful job ensuring everyone was taken care of with drinks and food.  She topped our waters off and was always around whenever we needed her.  
Food:  I had a Sea Bass dish with the Mrs. that was cooked properly and tasted fresh.  It came with overcooked (mushy) risotto and steamed veggies.  The fish was definitely the star of this dish, as it should be, but the sides were nothing to get again.  I tried tastes of other friends' food, including the Hot Chicken tacos (did not taste like Nashville Hot Chicken, which is what I think they were going after), Duck Mac & Cheese (the M&C was good and creamy, but my preference is to leave off the expensive proteins that taste better as the star), and the Duck Fat Fries (this trend should really stop... I felt gross after a few fries).  
Atmosphere: This is where Blue Duck gets knocked down a huge peg.  They had a DJ there for SIPs, which had already ended about 30 minutes before we arrived.  This DJ felt it was necessary to blast the music so loud, I felt like I was in Miami on NYE.  For people wanting to get dinner, this type of atmosphere is just unacceptable.  We asked and asked to get the music turned down, and nothing ever happened.  
Overall:  Not going to give this place a 2nd chance, mostly because the food was average and there are tons of better restaurants in CC.This evening, around 6:37pm, my friend and I walked into Blue Duck to grab a quick bite to eat after leaving the office. It wasn't too crowded and we were able to get a seat at the bar. I checked my watch at 6:44pm... at that point, no one greeted us or even offered us a menu or a glass of water. I watched as three other people walk in and join a group already at the bar. The bartender, an older man, walked over to where we were sitting a number of times without saying anything to us. At one point he grabbed two glasses of water and poured them right in front of us and we thought "oh those must be for us". Wrong. Those glasses of water were for two other people sitting at the bar. After that, the bartender went to the three people who walked in 7 min after we did and took their drink orders. He made them four drinks total and then brought them glasses of water. Still, no one greeted us or even handed us a menu. There was another woman who was just standing behind the bar. It was 6:50 when we walked out - not one person acknowledged us as we were leaving to even attempt to find out why we were walking out. I have never had an experience like that and I think it's completely unacceptable for any establishment to have workers behave in this manner. It was the rudest I've ever been treated ; it literally was like we weren't even there. We walked over to Time on Samson and, although they were actually crowded, we found two seats at the bar and were immediately served.Holy crap, install a storm door or turn on the heat. We were all FREEZING for the entirety of my mother's birthday dinner. I'm usually very forgiving but this was ridiculous.The food was great however the service - not so much. 3 of our group ordered the same food (it was a salad) item and it took our server 20 minutes to let us know that they only had 1 left. No big deal, 2 of us ordered other items off the menu and we kept the 1 salad.... over 10 minutes later, our waiter comes back to let us know that another waiter had placed the salad order before him.    We're sitting there trying to figure out why it took so long to let us know. This would have been okay had he maybe told us within a few minutes of letting us know they had only 1 salad left but it took over 10 minutes for him to come back and let us know that we now went from ordering 3 of this salad item to now receiving 0, we would have appreciated a quicker response and perhaps an apology. Then to top it off, the waiter lost one of our credit cards during payment and had to go back to the bar to find it. We obviously had to point it out. 
Atmosphere is nice and the food is decent.In Philadelphia Center City, this is virtually a marble bar surrounded by a few high top tables and bench seating. The drinks are well made and tasty although the alcohol is tamed down a bit. Happy hour 4pm-7pm is the big draw with 1/2 price appetizers (must get the duck fries cooked in duck fat) and some drink specials. 
For convenience, it's practically 2 doors down from the Philadelphia Kimmel Center Academy of Music Hall where we saw a Broadway play. This is the theater district. So we stopped in here for appetizers before the play. It's also across the street from the Doubletree Inn & Suites.
There is upper level seating but only a few isolated tables up there. This is a bar, for all intensive purposes, that serves food. The young local interns come in and spend a few bucks hoping to meet local people. We're older and weren't looking to meet singles.
Window watching is the draw, certainly not the wings (undercooked & raw inside) or the turkey burger (bland & cold like it was taken out of a warming tray). It's a place to stop in if you're bar-hopping or want to grab a drink close to the Kimmel Center. Music is oldies pop piped in. Relaxing vibe was cool.I went here a couple weeks ago to kill Tim while waiting to pick someone up from a show at the academy of music, and I've recommended it to at least four people since then.  The food was delicious, drinks were on point, and prices were great!  Can not wait to go here again!Stopped by on a Thursday night and left super unimpressed. I heard good things about the food and it wasn't too bad. The wings were serviceable, the burger flavorful, and the special pasta the best of the three. What killed the visit was the service. The worst was that they forgot to bring my glass of wine until the end of the meal even though I was sitting AT THE BAR. I didn't remind them because I didn't care that much as I was stealing some of my husbands beer. When they finally did bring it there was no acknowledgement that they had totally messed up, no question- do you still want it?, and they left it on the bill. Classless. This just confirmed other minor but constant service issues - asking you how you want your burger than bringing it well done anyway, etc. The only "high maintenance" thing I asked for was a lettuce bun since I'm trying to cut down on carbs. That didn't happen - burger arrived sitting on on piece of lettuce. They did bring the lettuce when I asked. Add below average service to the cold decor and just not a place I would recommendWe had a really disappointing brunch at Blue Duck on Broad today. The service was AWFUL, so unprofessional. Everything was very slow, despite the restaurant being very empty when we arrived. Only 3 of us in our party of 4 were served our meals. We had to ask our waitress to check where it was because she didn't even notice that one of us was missing our food. She "went to check" on it, but the 4th meal didn't come out until everyone else finished eating completely. It was clearly a mistake - either she forgot to put in the order, or the kitchen forgot about it, but such a mistake was never acknowledged. When she did bring it to the table, someone else was simultaneously clearing all of our other plates, reaching across the person who was eating. No apology or offer to bring us another round of drinks or anything. We were SURE that the 4th meal would not appear on the bill given how long it took to come out, but unfortunately it did appear on the bill. When we mentioned to our waitress that we were disappointed, her response was horrendous. She said that since the meal eventually came and was eaten there was nothing she could do. The kitchen was just "backed up" despite the place being empty. She said sorry like 10 times but literally kept making excuses and invited us to come back another day when hopefully the kitchen would perform better. Absolutely not. That is not how a well-run establishment should react to an obvious mistake...waitress took zero ownership and was clearly not empowered or trained to do so. This place will not be around for long if it doesn't start treating it's customers with respect and providing better service.
Also, just so many little things were wrong. We asked for ketchup and when the waitress brought it to our table, it had never been opened (we had to remove the seal ourselves). One of the serving bowls had a giant chip on the rim. Very sloppy.
Would have given only 1 star, but the duck fries deserve a second.This review is just for happy hour. EDIT: and lunch! 
Happy hour is from 4-7 so if you get out of work early or have the day off definitely arrive early. It's 4:30pm now on a Thursday and there is plenty of room at the bar but I have walked by other times and it was packed.
$3 high life's all day! $4 domestics, $5 wines, $8 citywide.
We tried the fries, garlic parmesan wings, and sliders. Sliders came with a generous pickle and were delicious. Boyfriend said wings were okay. Fries were amazing with the smoked gouda cheese were so good. Did not try the brussels sprouts because we are doing a bang bang and going to eat more at our next location.
Overall, a solid early happy hour. Would recommend bringing a sweater or two if it's cold out because the windows seem to take all the heat away.
EDIT: Stopped in for lunch on 1/25. I made a reservation on Open Table because it's Restaurant Week and I thought it might be busy (not because they participated, but from overflow). They were not busy at all! We got there right at noon and I think we were the only table. The service was slow, though we did choose a table upstairs completely out of eyesight. I ordered the Quack n Cheese which is one of the best macs I have had in my life (duck, dried cherries, scallions, and mushrooms with big shell pasta). My lunch dates ordered the Beet Sandwich and the Burger sans cheese and they both agreed that their lunches were also amazing. Being upstairs, the temperature was perfect. Definitely will be back for lunch here in the future!The food is okay, but it is extremely overpriced for what you get. I'm honestly not entirely sure what they are going for. The menu is extremely small and there is nothing remarkable about anything on it. The burgers are good, but they are on the smaller side and would be better priced $10 or under. 
The duck-centric foods are good if you like duck, but it also just feels very gimmicky. 
I've also never felt so unsatisfied as I did after finishing the short-rib mac and cheese. It was lacking on the short-rib (it was good, but there was barely any of it) and the mac and cheese was nothing special. 
The drinks are pretty pricey too. We asked our waitress if it was possible for the bartender to make a White Russian and, without an explanation, she just shook her head like we asked her to move the moon and exclaimed "No!." The bar set up they have feels very deceiving. 
The service is hit or miss. Usually everyone is relatively friendly, but our latest experience felt like we were an inconvenience and being rushed. It was weird because this was on a Wednesday night when the majority of the place was empty. 
After giving this place a try 4 times, we will not be going back.I'd heard such great things about the NE one and know they announced another location in Wash West (still not open?) but wanted to try this place for brunch - sadly disappointed.  I got the Fruity Pebbles French toast, which was mostly good except the last piece was soggy and undercooked - so 1/3rd of my meal was off.  My wife's fried chicken and waffles was really mediocre - the skin was soggy and oily, not crispy, and the chicken itself was dry (probably frozen).  The duck fat fries were legit though - worth going just for those.  $3 for a cup of drip coffee though was a bit much.  I also noticed a guy in the kitchen wearing a Federal Donuts shirt - how do you have a guy who (maybe?) worked a FedNuts turning out fried chicken like that?  I think they need to sort out what they want to be - are they a sports bar, a fancy restaurant, a power lunch/HH location? It's not clear, and I think that inconsistency translates to the kitchen.Nice small restaurant specialized on food made from ducks, which was always (two times) very tasty. Burgers, sandwiches and pasta is available. 
Happy hour with reduced prices on Monday to Friday from 4 to 7 pm.Boyfriend and I were in Philly for the weekend and were just looking to grab a quick breakfast. There was no wait to be seated which was a huge plus for us. I got the diner breakfast which was exactly what I had in mind when we were looking for a place to eat. Everything was cooked perfectly and I devoured every bite. So good! The boyfriend ordered the pork roll burger. He said it was delicious also. It looked super good but I had my standard breakfast on the brain. Was not disappointed with my decision. Our server was Savannah. She was super sweet and attentive. All in all, great food, great service. Would absolutely go back if in Philly again.An absolute must if you're in Philadelphia. Super convenient and close to the subway with INCREDIBLE food. Split the duck fries which are tossed in duck fat with melted gouda and shredded duck and the chicken and waffles which were fried with sriracha and covered in bourbon maple syrup. If you dont go here, you're messing up big time. This is an awesome place with a great atmosphere.This place is great! I'm so happy that someone finally opened an awesome casual place on broad. We sat at the bar and the Bartender Tom was the man!! His blueberry crush drink is ok point. I had the scallops which were perfectly cooked. My fiancé had the short rib Mac n cheese which was banging and we shared the buffalo shrimp also top notch. I will be back!Went on a Tuesday night when place was hopping. Maybe it is still getting its act together as it is relatively new, but the kitchen was very inconsistent. While the apps were good (particularly the Duck Fries and the mac and cheese), things fell apart with the entrees.  Rice super oversaturated with soy sauce and cardboard tasting fish passed as a stir fry.  Corned beef tacos were nothing more than strips of lunch meat over slaw with undercooked eggs in top. Meatloaf was no better than any average diner's.  Wings, though were crispy and with just the right heat level.Great food I've eaten at the northeast location so I had to try the one broad. The food is just as good cool location I will definitely be back.Came here for a large party for brunch. Food was okay. The tots were good. My gripe is with the poor service. There was a fly in my friends mimosa, she asked for another one and the waitress tells us that they are out of champagne which is shocking since it was 1:00pm on a Sunday.First, it would have been nice were the bartender not telling everything he said. Next, there is s difference between fried chicken & chicken cutlets. Third, biscuits should not be the consistency of sidewalk chalk. Finally, food needs salt to taste. But hey, at least its convenient to the Kimmel Center.I was very excited to hear that The Blue Duck was opening a Broad street location.   I was expecting to pick their Burger Brawl favorite the Pork Roll Burger, but then I saw it... Short Rib Mac 'N' Cheese.  One word, Perfection!   What a great ratio of cheese, jalapeño, Panko and short rib.  I'll def be back and get this again, the burger and fries.  Can't wait to try more dishes.  The staff is friendly and service is great.  Tom my bartender is 'good people'!  You  should go and bring your friends too!I love their location in the NE so I was very excited about their center city opening. Came for brunch and got the cream chip beef tots and the stocks french toast. Both delicious. They have a great menu, creative and usually rotating specials I hope they will continue at this location as well. The pork roll burger and the blue duck fries are not to be missed! Looking forward to coming back and trying more stuff, they have a great looking happy hour !My wife and I stopped here before a show at the Academy of Music on a Saturday. We started with the fries with cheese and duck, which were great. For our entrées, my wife ordered the ribeye steak medium/rare and I ordered the wild boar meatloaf. My wife's steak was rare/raw with so much fat she could not eat it after they took it back and cooked it for the second time. My wild boar was a little on the gamey side, which was not to my liking, but could just be me. The waitress was nice enough to take the $36.00 steak off the bill and give us an additional 15% off as well. Still, I don't think we will be back for dinner anytime soon. Maybe apps and drinks but that's about it.Just an update. While in Philadelphia staying at the ultimate Cambria Hotel across from where Blue Duck on Broad used to be, we discovered that it is shut down. Not surprised considering the iffy Blue Duck dinner food that we got the last time we were in Philadelphia catching a Broadway show at the Kimmel Center next door.I went in really excited to try blue duck on broad since I had read such great things about it but left the restaurant feeling pretty disappointed and unhappy. 
When we walked in, it was pretty dead. Only two other tables - one 8-10top and a two-top- yet the service was relatively slow. We ordered drinks and the bartender forgot about mine (only 2 ppl at bar) so I sat a long while waiting only for our waitress to come over to apologize and blame him for being a talker. I get that things happen and I felt bad for the waitress but I'm not about trashing coworkers to strangers- just apologize and move on. My drink was ok but probably not worth the $$.
Quick talk about the feel of the restaurant - it's a confusing vibe. It's very modern and clean with some pop music but also has a lot of large tvs all with sports on it... I wasn't sure what they were going for atmosphere wise but I didn't get it. 
The food was pretty unimpressive - the duck kimchi rolls were not super flavorful and not something I would order again. The spicy hot chicken tacos.. well I can't say much about them because I have a zero spice tolerance so one bite and my mouth was on fire and this meal was over for me. I probably shouldn't have eaten them at all so that's my bad. However, my dining mate who eats spicy things finished his but agreed - it was just too much. Unless you love super hot things I would probably avoid. 
The one "saving grace" of my experience here if you will was the fries with cheese, scallions, and of course, duck. They were the one delicious thing we got and we finished them all and since it's a bit of a heavy app dish, I wish that was all I'd eaten here. 
For a bit of a pricier place, it didn't seem like it food/drink wise. I am sad to say I won't be going back to blue duck on broad anytime soon.Bottomline: Definitely a solid lunch bringing much needed flavor to the Center City Broad Street Corridor!
NORTH BY NORTHEAST: If you're like me and have been dying to try what was once voted the Best Burger in Philadelphia but were too stymied by the commute to Northeast Philadelphia, your prayers have come true! Blue Duck has quietly taken over the cursed spot occupied by the short-lived Bop and the always-empty Bliss.
NEW AMERICAN: The dishes are done with care with combinations inspired by a myriad of cuisines. The burgers are amazing, the pastas delectable, and I'll have to eat here more before adding further adulation.
NOT BYO: Unlike the OG Northeast location, this one is NOT BYO. It has a full bar currently with seasonal summer cocktails, beers, and wines by the glass.I have been following Blue Duck on insta for awhile and had built up a considerable hype before coming here. Their pictures have really innovative dishes an interesting combinations so I was really looking forward to this meal. Maybe it was my fault for creating too high expectations, but overall, I was definitely let down. Here's what we got:
Pulled Pork Mac & Cheese- This dish was far off the mark as far as aesthetics goes, but it tasted ok. The BBQ cheese sauce was good, the pulled pork was tender, but it wasn't all that memorable.
Blue Duck Fries- I was really looking forward to trying this, I'm a huge fan of Duck and hello, they are the blue duck so I was anticipating a good time. They were just ok, the fries could have been more crispy, the cheese sauce was fine. The duck was the best part of this, but really didn't shine in what ended up being a very mediocre dish.
Brussels Sprouts- I have a sick obsession with Brussels, straight up, I've never met a sprout I didn't like. These tasted like something I could've steamed at home. The Brussels sprouts themselves were a little under done and could have benefitted from being fried to get a better texture. The jalapeño bacon was good only because it was bacon, but I didn't get much jalapeño flavor. The apple cider vinaigrette was completely lost under the cheese. All in all these were a real miss.
South Philly Egg Rolls- This was my favorite dish of the night. The pork was delicious mixed with melty provolone, the egg roll was perfectly crispy, and the long hot aioli was inspired. I personally am a huge fan of the broccoli rabe and the punch of bitterness it brings to the table. However, my friend did not like it at all. Broccoli rabe can be a bit of an acquired taste, so if you're not into it, I might pass on these.
At the end of the meal, we were looking forward to dessert but when we heard the two options, nothing peaked our interest. Overall, everything was fine, nothing spectacular though. I don't see myself coming back.Dinner before a show led me to Blue Duck. As everyone writes about their Blue Duck fries i had to order them. I also arrived prior to Happy Hour "HH" ending so I was able to order a few things to try. I ordered their HH wings and their HH cheese curds. For dinner my friend and I shared their steak and fries. 
Overall the stand out for me are their wings and fries. I'd be willing to return to try out other food from their menu.We came here for brunch on a Sunday at around 130pm.  Good that we had reservations on opentable because there was a little bit of a wait.
Ambiance:  there's outdoor seating,  high table tops and booths.  Lotsa big screen TVs everywhere
Food
#Cuban Egg Rolls- so yum.  Duck with pickles and eggs wrapped in crunch dough.  What's not to like
#Duck Benedict:  the meat wasn't too fatty and eggs cooked perfectly.  Wish it was on an English muffin instead of bun
#Chicken and Waffles: good but nothing to write home about
I had the berry margarita which was their most popular drink. It wasn't refreshing and unfortunately slightly heavy handed.  Service was ok we had to flag down our waitress a few times though.  Overall had a good time but not sure if I will return.