This place is just what the neighborhood needed: perfect price range, perfect type of cuisine. I've eaten there many times already and love the Oxtail Stew, Arroz con Pollo, and Cubano (both the sandwich and salad versions). I haven't tried the fish tacos yet, but my boyfriend always gets them and supposedly they are very good. What I look forward to most: the desserts. All of their regular menu desserts are amazing, but we had a key lime tart recently that was to die for. I think it might have been some kind of special, but I really, REALLY hope there's enough demand to add it to the regular menu. Anyway, love Blue Cat and can definitely see becoming a regular!Delicious and tasty food. Everything are so well seasoned. They have a Friday special shrimp. YummyDelicious fish tacos and guac! Great service, well def be back!BYOB! The food was great. The place was a little behind schedule and it took us sometime to get us seated. The place was fairly loud and the typical age at the restaurant seemed to be in the 50's. My friends and I were the youngest people in the room. Regardless the food was delicious!Great place in Fairmont. Very close to the penitentiary and all other amenities. The owners are extremely friendly and accommodating. The food is delicious, and vegetarian & vegan friendly. Meat eaters will be happy, too.Excited to know that a new BYOB restaurant is opening up in our neighborhood (I first thought it was a pet store from its name), I've been waiting to try it. 
One friday night after work and not feeling up to cooking, my boyfriend and I decided to give the new place a try. I walked in without a reservation to see if the wait would be long. The hostess was very accommodating in seating me right away even though they have a large party coming in soon and my bf wasn't there yet (none of this 'we won't seat you until your full party arrives' nonsense). I was already happy with the service.
Onto the food--we had the Papas Rellenas,  potato croquettes filled with braised chicken and peas, as appetizer. It was delicious and flavorful, accompanied by a refreshing watermelon salad.
For the main course, I had the Oxtail Stew, and my bf had the Arroz Con Pollo & Chorizo, both were well-portioned (actually, generous for the price) and YUMMY. I could not even finish my entree though I had room for dessert.
I read somewhere that the pastry chef used to work at Le Bec Fin, so it was a must for me to try their sweets. We had the bread pudding, which was moist, decadent, but not overly sweet. Though now that I've read other reviews, I've got to go back to try the banana cake.
The atmosphere is friendly, casual, and modern. Friendly staff, friendly pricing, and very good food! A must try!As a neighborhood person, I wanted to like this place, but my wife and I found it pretty lacking. The food was o.k., and the service wasn't terrible, but the overall experience left us not in a hurry to come back - especially with two other excellent Latin restaurants in the neighborhood. My wife had the guacamole appetizer that was fine except for the occasional really hot mouthful of spice that was otherwise unnoticeable in the dish. She had the Cubano salad as her main dish and that was tasty. 
I had the shimp and chorizo appetizer which was really forgettable and the turkey with meatballs and rice soup which was pretty bland. Neither of us felt compelled to stay for dessert. 
The "Cat" theme is overdone, and the waitress didn't seem to know much about the dishes, and even for a BYOB place, I was a little disappointed when service meant handing us a corkscrew so we could serve ourselves. 
All in all, given the many options in Fairmount, I don't feel compelled to try again any time soon.I wanted to find somewhere near Temple University to have a nice lunch with friends. We decided to go to the Blue Cat because the menu looked good and others had written such nice reviews about it. They didn't dissapoint. Everyones food was delicious and the prices were very reasonable for lunch. I would definitely go back again to try something else off the menu. Also I should mention it was very clean!I just love this place, unpretentious, nice sense of humor, run by lovely people who take good care of you. Just a great place to sit out on the ave and drink your beer (BYO) and enjoy the street life of fairmount. Kind of eclectic latin fusion type food, a lot of twists on familiar dishes, you'll taste new flavors and combinations (and maybe that's what bothers people?). I don't understand some of these reviews -- people just need to loosen up and try stuff -- there are a lot of great flavors out there in the world but you'll never know if you keep living on burgers and fries.We enjoyed our second visit and tried new dishes. The salmon was perfectly cooked. The fish taco was lightly breaded and nicely served with fresh mango salsa. Oxtail and steak dishes were each flavorful and nicely served. Server was knowledgeable and pleasant. The flourless chocolate cake made for a great ending.Great place, came here on a sunday night. Very cute restaurant with a big blue cat painted on one of the walls like the name suggested.The place was pretty empty when I went, but that was ok because I was really hungry and we got our food fast really quickly. For the appetizer I got the guac. The chips were pretty good, nothing super special though. For the main course, we had the special with the small chicken cut in half served with a sweet potato and greens. The chicken was really moist and delicious, I wish there was a little more sauce though. But it was alot for the price which was a plus. 
The meal was overall pretty good, but I did feel a little rushed.. even when there was practically no one in there. Remember to bring cash. Its cash only.Such a deal I have for you.
Good tastes. Great service. Low-mid level prices. What's not to love?
My breakfast burrito was superior-  really. Subtle flavors, fresh ingredients, nice textures. Also, a great presentation.
She had the "Chacarero" - basically a Chilean sandwich with mashed avocado, tomato, and string beans! It all worked, and at check time, our plates were clean.
I am so used to being crowded when enjoying really  tasty food, that as I chomped down the last of my mornin' burrito, I could swear I felt  the "phantom pain" of an elbow or knee jab; as I am so used to "delicious" in Philadelphia meaning "squeezing room only".
In reality, there was plenty of room (for now)as the Blue Cat has yet to be discovered by the in-crowd me thinks.
Bonus for humorous cat-lingo menu.
Slight (and I mean slight) reduction in stars as I am not at all a fan of the Blue Cat current house coffee. If I'd been served La Colombe (or similar) here, and I would not have gotten out of my seat
You know what?
Scratch that positive, inviting stuff above.
Don't go to the Blue Cat! Do you hear?
It's mine, all mine!  In cat / cheezburger vernacular,  I can has burrito!
Well, ok, go- give this hardworking and talented staff some love.
But just not on Sunday at 11:21am.  That's some me time.The food is AMAZING!!! Sorry can't waist time telling you guys.  My food is waiting.  Your a fool if you don't love this place.This restaurant is excellent. BYOB. The crispy duck, seafood gumbo, maduros (sweet plaintains), black bean soup and guacamole are incredible. Quirky place - love the staff: Julio, Dee and the chef, Guy Shapiro. Their preparation is surprisingly light for a "Latin flare" place. I can't rave enough.Good Carne asada, flan was bland, Empanada was sweet which was a bit weird for me. Overall just an ok experience.This place is good. Not great. If my choices are here or La Calaca, I'd choose La Calaca every time- for ambiance, service, and food. However- the food here is decent, not bad-- and they're BYO, which is great. They let us sit for ages, finishing all the bottles of wine that we'd brought, even though it was a saturday night and they were getting close to closing. The guacamole was pretty darn good, and it came with plantain chips mixed into the regular chips, which were surprisingly delicious. I'd go with 2.5 stars- its not on my list of places to go back to immediately, but it's fine and passable, and I'd go if someone else chose it.I'm giving Blue Cat 5 stars mostly because I don't like other people's reviews.  It's probably closer to 4.5 or 4 stars, which is still good in my book.
I live around the corner so I've been here quite a few times.  Food is good and flavorful.  Fish tacos, chacarero, and ox tail are the best dishes I've tried there.  
The staff is friendly and food comes out pretty quick.  I am very glad that this place opened up on Fairmount.
Food - 4.5
Service - 4.5
Decor - 4.0This restaurant was recommended to me by several people who ate here and loved the food. My crowd arrived around 2:00pm and ordered lunch. Everything was scrumptious and fresh. We ordered the fish tacos, esparagus and mushrooms, and the empanadas.The desserts looked amazing, but I was too full to order. As we were leaving the restaurant, we spoke to the hostess, who happened to be the chef's wife, who was working on a food service menu for The Philadelphian residents. Only open about 6 weeks, this place will surely continue to be successful. This a wonderful, family-run restaurant. A mural of a blue cat is painted on the restaurant wall, and the restaurant itself - which was completely renovated  - is gorgeous and bright (lots of windows). The decoration is simple and cheery. Five stars!This restaurant is fantastic and very reasonably priced.  The watermelon cilantro jicama salad is awesome.  I got the fish tacos which were fantastic and my boyfriend got a hearty soup.  It was such great food.  We shared our meals and it was the perfect amount of food.  The best part was that our bill was under $40!  I would go to this restaurant again.Underwhelmed by this restaurant on my first visit.
We arrived hoping for a brunch menu and were presented with a lunch menu @11am.  Our waitress was wonderful but the owner I believe was a bit rude to my table of 4.  Rude gestures and comments. 
Mind you, my friend has been here a few times before and I was visiting from out of town meaning previously she has paid with credit card.
We were approached the 2nd time by this women after placing our orders, "Kids, you are aware we are cash only?" (no signs anywhere)  Mind you we are all working professionals so I didn't appreciate the "kids" label.
Initially I had asked about one of their dishes - the huevos rancheros and how it was prepared because restaurants vary with how it is prepared.  I got a rude response (mind you I didn't have the brunch menu) and she responded as if I already knew.
There were a few other comments by this woman that I wasn't fond of throughout my meal.  I indeed ordered the huevos rancheros which was good, a tad greasy (everyone commented their meals were "oily") but unfortunately, I resulted in an upset stomach :(.Heard great things about this little Fairmont restaurant so thought we would try for ourselves! Loved the Guacamole with veggie chips and all 4 meals were fresh, nice size portions and delicious!  Baked Alaskan dessert with mint chocolate chip ice cream, flamed with rum table side outstanding! We will definitely be back with wine and cash!The four of us all raved about our dishes afterwards. My husband had the Cuban sandwich and I had the Bluecat Blueplate - a healthy plate of black beans, yellow rice, sauteed spinach, plantains, and avocado. They were both excellent.
Service was also terrific. I can't wait to come back here!Amazing fish tacos! Byob is awesome, too. The atmosphere/lighting/decor was a little sterile but the food more than made up for it. Looking forward to going back!another decent restaurant in Fairmount section of the city...I had book marked this place and I finally had chance to try it out...moment we walked in to the restaurant, staff was very friendly...and I knew right away, it was going to be very pleasant experience...so here's breakdown of the dishes we ordered...
fried mussels: it was different...had unique taste...
Oxtail Stew:  just like the review on philly.com, it was very tender and tasty...wished they served with rice instead of mashed potatoes though...
Fish Tacos:  i was surprised of large portion of the fish that was used on the taco
Pan Seared Salmon:  those who prefer light healthy meal...i think this is it...
Duck: it was cooked perfectly...and presentation was excellent...I made a reservation for a group of 11 people and was told that a large group probably wouldn't be an issue, but that I would be called back if it was. I made sure to clarify by asking, "if I do not hear back, that means the reservation is fine, right?", and was told "yes". I never heard back, so I assumed all was well. I called again to update the reservation approximately a week and a half beforehand and was told that they could no longer take the reservation.
1) This is a huge inconvenience because now I need to find another restaurant that has space for a large group on a Saturday night 1.5 weeks away. 
2) Since no one notified me that there was an issue, if I hadn't called back to update my reservation, would we just show up and be turned away? This is a birthday dinner, so that would be extra unpleasant.
I don't have a problem with restaurants not taking reservations, but I appreciate clarity up front so that I don't have to scramble at the last minute. Worst of all, the person on the phone seemed only mildly, and not very genuinely, apologetic, confused, and ended the conversation by telling me that it would be best "if I made a reservation elsewhere". Thanks.Excellent Latin American/Spanish food. We had the Papas Rellenas, tilapia tacos, and seared Norwegian Salmon -- all of it was wonderful. The sides that came with the appetizers and entrees were really good, especially the fried plantains and spiced cucumber. The chocolate-coconut cake was divine. 
Staff were extremely friendly. And most important of all, it really doesn't hurt to have a nice affordable restaurant with exceptionally good food in this neighborhood, which for some reason, seems to specialize in extremely overpriced, bland fare.
I'll be going back - a lot!Delicious!! Wonderfully fresh guacamole that came with a jicama salad and homemade malanga chips and lightly fried mussels for appetizers. We had the mexican shrimp(a special)and fish tacos. Perfectly seasoned tacos that came with a simple salad that was very refreshing. The shrimp were exceptional, sweet and plump. I've had the whole fish in the past here, pompano, which is my other favorite. Oxtail is savory and homey. 
Go here and bring a bottle of wine or tequila(they will make you a pitcher for a margarita). They deserve a 4 & 9/10 of a star because they didn't offer salt for the margarita, but perhaps this isn't their thing and we should have just brought wine. 
For dessert we had this ice cream & meringue igloo creation. Sweet, warm meringue with ice cream and cake inside. Awesome!
The maitre d was especially sweet and the service very attentive. We will be back.Although a bit pricey, the food is amazing and of very high quality.  The chacarero sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I have ever had.  Also, their guacamole and homemade chips are fantastic.  The dessert is great as well as the pastry chef used to be in charge of pastries at Le Bec Fin.  BYOB is a definite plus and it is next door to a Wine and Spirits.This BYOB Latin inspired restaurant is phenomenal - it is one of my top favorite restaurants in Philly.   Keep in mind that Sat and Sunday brunch menu is a great value.  The chef/owner clearly puts great attention into every dish he makes -  beautifully presented and delicious.  The fried plantains are the best I have ever had anywhere.  Highlights are the spinach empanadas, fish (or oyster special) tacos,  huevos rancheros, rice pudding and other desserts as well (if you have any room left after the generous portions).  Julio is a great server - he is on top of things in the restaurant, and very personable and funny.   Can't wait to go back.  This place is yummy!Really wanted to love this place.
Was a little sad that many of the dishes i was excited about from the website menu were not offered.
Positives: Everything seemed fresh, adding pomegranate seeds gave a nice fresh feel to the guac. General seasoning was good.
Staff was friendly, food came out surprisingly fast.
Negatives: cilantro included stems, it would be a nice touch to do micro cilantro.
Tortillas seemed to be from a package and not handmade. 
Thought the pickled cucumber overpowered the fruit salad.
Felt like i was left thinking it was almost there, but was impressed with somethings and less with others.I am really torn on how to evaluate Blue Cat. It is a really lovely little spot with a diverse and intriguing menu. I love the huge cat painting on the wall and that it is BYOB, but there were some issues when I visited.
1. I ordered the friend plantains and they were swimming in a puddle of oil. I make these all the time at home and have gotten them elsewhere, never to see a grease lagoon on my plate. Very off-putting. Also, they were scalding hot and inedible for the first 5 minutes. 
2. We were celebrating a birthday and told the hostess upon our arrival that we had brought a cake for our friend. We asked to have it stored and the staff kindly obliged. Halfway through the meal, a server came up to the BIRTHDAY BOY and informed him that there would be a extra $3 charge for having the cake there. WAY TO RUIN THE SURPRISE. The cake had been hauled all the way from North Philly and it was disappointing that we wouldn't be able to surprise our friend. Seriously, it wasn't hard to deduce who the birthday person was given that he was seated at the head of the table. Her lack of tact was really annoying and amateurish. 
3. After the cake snafu (and thankfully while our bday boy was in the restroom), the staff BROUGHT OUT A DESSERT for someone else who was having a bday and SANG to that person. Fair enough, we had our own dessert, but it was kind of tasteless and rude to favor one party over another. 
As for the food, I really enjoyed my oxtail stew. The veal and wine broth was comforting on that rainy evening and the meat was extremely tender. Two of my friends got the fish tacos and were extremely disappointed. They felt their dishes completely lacked seasoning and were haphazardly piled with fruits. 
I want to give Blue Cat another try because our waiter was extremely nice and the menu had some cool items. Overall, it seems that the food is really hit or miss. Above all else, do not come here with a surprise birthday cake.The food is excellent. Been there three times and not disappointed. Birthday in April and thats where I went for lunch. Oxtails great, cod fish tacos, even the coffee. I love the decor and the service great. BYOB and cash only. Wine store down the street.I had dinner here with a group of friends and enjoyed the meal but it wasn't over the top impressive. So 3 stars is a fair review. This BYOB is a nice addition to Fairmount Ave. because there are only a few in the neighborhood and how perfect that there is a wine and spirits store on the same block. 
 They say they have a 'Latin inspired' menu and I think that is a good description because it does have a variety of different cuisines and a lot of seafood and fish options. The menu options are very unique and have several vegetarian friendly options.   
My friends ordered the guacamole as an appetizer for the table. It was a very generous portion for a table of 5 and it was served with tortilla chips and banana chips. The guacamole was delicious and I'm glad they decided to order it. 
I wasn't that hungry so I ordered a starter plate as my main meal. I went with the grilled shrimp and butternut squash. The presentation was very sloppy in my opinion. There were leafy greens just thrown on top of the dish looking like an afterthought.   I was expecting small shrimp not two jumbo head-on prawn! I love seafood but I don't like it when my food has eyes on it still -just saying. So those leafy greens came in handy as I pushed them to the side of the plate that the heads were on and then enjoyed the tail end of the shrimp. Aside from the surprised presentation the flavors were delicious! 
The butternut squash was cooked to perfection and was very tender. On the bottom of the dish was a spicy green sauce and it had bursts of cilantro in it. The sauce def. made the whole dish come together. Even though there were only two shrimps on the plate it was pretty filling but if you are really hungry you may want to order an empanada to go along with it too. My friend ordreed 'Nina's empanada' and it was so good. I almost ordered it just because I love the name but she left me have a bit. Yummy. 
I kind of wish we stayed for dessert because the chalk board in the back of the restaurant had some yummy sounding choices. There was a Flourless Choc. Cake, Bannana Cake and more on the dessert menu. Maybe next time I'll come in just for dessert to give that a try too.Cash only, BYO.
Blue Cat is a cute restaurant that makes a great date spot. The staff make it feel "like home" which added to the charm. We arrived bottle in hand for dinner. We split the beef empanada, which was incredible and elevated expectations.  The portion was good enough to split with both of us getting the full taste without limiting our appetite for our mains.
We ordered the BlueCat Fish Taco Dinner and Crispy Duck with Peanut Mole.  I was unimpressed with the Fish Taco.  It was difficult to eat as a taco and using a fork didn't allow for the flavors to mix.  The duck was well made and I was happy with the balance the peanut mole provided.
Prices were fair, service came with a smile, and the evening was fun.  I'd probably go back again, but try something other than the Fish Taco Dinner.I have been here twice at this point and I have to say that I am a fan.  The guacamole is made to order and is in fact quite excellent!  I noticed that the menu is just starting to take a seasonal shift which means that they are featuring some of my favorite squashes and root vegetables.   If you expect your food to be spicy, be straightforward and tell your server what you want; I say this because my meal was delicious, although not extremely bold in terms of spice.  There are usually two vegan options for entrees plus one or two additional vegetarian choices on the regular menu.  Specials of course vary, but they seem to be very accommodating of dietary restrictions here.  On my initial visit they offered to prepare me a custom dessert based on my conversation with the server.  Speaking of service, I feel like it is maturing ...and I mean that in the best way.  More attentive, more prepared, more engaging.  I will definitely be back.Torn about writing this review.... 
The food is great! Excellent. But I noticed that the waiters and waitress ignore you if they assume that you aren't a local or a "big tipper" . Please don't assume.. Smdh :-/
Food:5 Stars 
Service: eh 2.5Went with daughter and wife. I've enjoyed the ambience and we all had great food and service. Colleen was a great waitress and Julio, the owner, was pleasant. As I said, food was great, portions appropriate - good balance between quantity and quality. Price was reasonable. I was told food is freshly made... And the taste appeared to support the claim. I will go back again!... And again!Best food and cordiality in Fairmount!!!
And it's a BYOB!
First, you walk in and you're greeted by Julio, Maitre D' ( no tipping please.- he works for good banter, puns, wise cracks and irony) who will not only find you a nice spot, but professionally tidies up around you as you bon vivant -style, gobble down the delicacies that Guy, multi -talented, multi-cuisined, musically minded, smirkingly serious, creates. And I do mean creates. Guy invents amazing dishes daily in addition to the Southwest-influenced staples. Corned beef on St Patrick's Day? Chopped live and matzoh ball soup at Passover? Roasted Easter Bunnies?  Well.. One can hardly wait to see what dishes a holiday will inspire Guy to bring to the table. 
And then there's Looli, amiable co-owner with Guy who competes tongue for tongue in a sweet way, with an array of confectioned desserts. Baked Alaska is beyond its singed pale outer shell. 
My girlfriend and I live just a block away and go there about 3x every 2 weeks. Always invigorating, always a taste treat. The specials keep it very fresh.My friends and I were craving a good BYOB brunch, so we went to the liquor store on Fairmount Ave.  Once we got there, we planned to walk over to Cafe Lift; however, we got lazy and noticed the Blue Cat was open.  I tried to go to this place multiple times before, but they are closed on Monday's.  It was empty when we got there, then the longer we stayed there the more crowed it became.  I really wanted to go to Cafe Lift because of their huevos rancheros, but I got excited when Blue Cat had them too.  When I tried it I was blown away.  It tasted different than Cafe Lift's huevos rancheros, but both are amazing.  They offered us Grapefruit and Orange Juice with our drinks, which was a great addition.  The service was also great and very attentive.  
I was really hesitant about writing this review because finding a good brunch place without a long wait is a hidden gem, but I figured Blue Cat deserved it.Live in the area. Eat out in often. Have been here twice. Once duirng the first week it was open then again this week. We will not be coming back.
Some "highlights" from the first visit:
1. To the extent they were brought out, our dishes were brought our piecemeal. After several inquiries into the missing empanadas, we were finally told that they didn't have the kind we ordered but that another kind would be coming out of the oven soon. This was near the end of the meal and we ended up having to take them home with us.
2. Our waiter never told us about the specials. We only knew there were specials because we overheard a waitress telling another table about them. This was after we had already ordered.
3. The fish tacos were supposed to be made with blue corn tortillas. They were made with white flour tortillas that tasted like they had been bought from the local bodega around the corner. When I asked about the substitution, I was told they were out of blue corn tortillas. Well then tell me that BEFORE I ORDER, NOT AFTER YOU HAVE BROUGHT THE DISH. The actual fish had slightly more taste than the tasteless tortillas.
4. I saw the cook sprinking some herbs on a plate with his bare hands, LICK HIS FINGERS AND THEN RETUNR TO PREPARING OTHER DISHES WITHOUT WSHING HIS HANDS.
Some "highlights" from our recent visit:
1. After putting a bottle of wine on the table we were asked if we would like it opened. Duh.
2. My companion ordered the meatball soup and a salad. The salad was brought out first. At least our waitress was kind enough to later ackowledge the mistake. The soup looked good but had very little flavor, and it was greasy, suggesting a low grade of meat.
3.  My companion had to ask twice whether the tuna available as an upgrade to the salad was canned or not before she was told it was canned Italian style tuna. $7 extra for what tunred out to be about a half a can (Total price for the salad was $17)?  I don't think so.
4.  My $13 cubano sandwich was anemic in size and taste and came with some chips an two small mouthfuls of slaw.
5, The side of spinach was just o.k.
6. Our waitress gave my companion's left over salad to a different table. We had to ask her to get it back.
I was so looking forward to a casual, decent ower-priced option in the 'hood since I cannot eat at Hickory Lane or Fare every week and Little Pete's isn't as good as it used to be back in the day. This place does not cut it..Will be sticking to Zorba's and Rembrandt's. The turkey burger at the latter is about the same price as the cubano here (if not cheaper) and infinity better.While we love the food, the noise level was too high. Sound-deadening material would help.Huge fan! The service is great, the atmosphere is awesome, and most importantly, the food is amazing!!! I've been there three or four times and have not been disappointed! Also, BYOB and there is a liquor store next door!Honestly I wasn't expecting much from a place whose sign is written in papyrus font. This place wasn't my first choice for dinner, but we ended up going there anyways due to proximity. The inside is sterile, way too white, and full of yuppie-seeming people. (I know, I was feeling judgmental!) However, the food started coming and it was delicious!! We got the guacamole (with taro chips and pomegranate seeds in it!), the rellanas, and then split the fish tacos. Everything was presented well and was really fresh and tasty. I think our server was having an off night- he was a little awkward, dropped some dishes, and switched our check with another table (who spent 7 times as much as us!), but it really wasn't anything to ruin the night. I wish the decor was better, but the food was surprisingly good. I also wish we would have brought a bottle of wine like everyone else did!We have been here several times as we live around the corner. We have been incredibly please with not only the food, but also the service provided. I have never written a review for anything before but felt the need as the service we received last night from Marco was above and beyond! My fiancee and I met a couple of friends and never once felt rushed even as it was approaching closing time. Additionally, our friends who have never been to the restaurant were given great explanations on the dishes. This was all on tope of fantastic food!Pretend this says 4.5 starts instead of 4. I started with 5, and then changed my mind, but 4 is too little, so... I went there for dinner last night and thought my meal was ridiculously, insanely good - definitely falling into the category of foodgasm (sorry, is that considered over-sharing? I don't know.)
8:00 on a Wednesday meant no wait and plenty of empty tables, which was great because who wants to wait anyway, especially at a restaurant that doesn't have a bar - Blue Cat is BYO wine and beer only. My friend and I started by sharing the fried plantains, which can be summed up by the fact that I commented, "Wow,  these would be really easy to make!" and my dining companion thought I said "Wow, these are really greasy!" and responded "Yeah, I know,  but so good." So basically, fried, greasy, and super tasty. 
For dinner, I had the chacarero sandwich, which is kind of like some crazy adult vegetarian grilled cheese calorie bomb masterpiece. Muenster cheese with avocado and string beans and onions and tomatoes and some ridiculously good sauce on a toasted roll. Please, give me 12 more (and a new wardrobe because my clothes will no longer fit.). So good. My friend had the fish tacos, which were my second choice, and she loved them. Both meals came with some light watermelon/cucumber/jicama cold shredded salad, which my friend liked more than me, but was definitely a nice touch on the plate. 
The only part of the meal that was kind of odd was the fact that despite how many empty tables there were when got there, we were seated right next to a couple already mid-meal, and the tables were close enough that we could basically be a party of four (God, I wish there was one more of us so I could have said Party of Five). The other people turned out to be lovely and we ended up having a really nice chat (and they undressed our food with their eyes and made so many comments about how good everything was - we were very, very enthusiastic diners), but still - if one of us hadn't been down to be friendly, it would have been a bit too close for comfort. 
Anyway, I'm coming back. Tonight. Just kidding. But soon.I love Blue Cat. Everything I've tried has been delicious. I've been impressed by every server we've had. They're friendly and competent. The ambiance is great- modern decor and still very comfortable, with great lighting. The fact that the liquor store is next door makes it very convenient. The Cash Only policy doesnt bother me since I would rather all proceeds go to the owners- a husband and wife team. Blue Cat is a fabulous addition to the Fairmount/Francisville area. Try to save room for dessert- I highly recommend the big banana cake.This is a great brunch spot. The space is sunny and the staff are very friendly; it feels like a family-run place.  The fresh juices and soups are delicious, and the juevos rancheros and breakfast burrito will feed two people each. The watermelon salad is crisp and refreshing. Just so you know: it's cash only and BYOB.My gf discovered this place months ago with a friend of hers and she finally took me there, after talking about it for months. We went early, so there were not a lot of customers. We were greeted immediately and given an option of where we wanted to sit, which is nice. Our server was very friendly and helpful throughout the meal. 
The food was great! We started with the pumpkin soup, which was very fresh tasting. I had the Duck with Peanut Mole for an entree. It didn't taste like mole to me, but it was delicious. The duck thigh and leg were perfectly cooked - crispy skin on the outside, tender and juicy meat on the inside. I was actually surprised by how much meat I received for the reasonable price paid. My meal also had green rice and fried sweet plantains. Being that the plantains are so delicious, we also ordered a side order of them. My gf had some sort of stuffed pepper and she after devouring it, she asked me if it would be acceptable for her to lick the plate! 
This place is a hidden gem and I will definitely go back again! Next time I'll save room for dessert!Terrible service! Snooty wait staff that is poorly trained in the field of customer service. Will never return! Will never recommend! Do yourself a favor, go any place else. Not worth it if they don't value their customers and patronage.I so badly wanted this to be a new favorite restaurant of mine.  The woman I presume to be the owner sat us at the perfect little table in the window and we were totally pumped because we had been meaning to try this restaurant for months.  We had two young people "serving" us, but they seemed incredibly distracted, distant, and inexperienced.  We sat there for a good 20 minutes without menus, and then it also took awhile to order.  The food wasn't spectacular but honestly, all I remember is the inattentive service.  I can say that they kept our water glasses filled, but besides that the charm of this place really went out the window as soon as we sat down.What a great addition to Fairmount.  The food is Latin inspired with a lot of creative dishes.  The food was excellent and we really enjoyed our meal.  The prices are very reasonable and it is BYO.  What more can you ask for?  I am still drooling from the empanada that was really good. But everything was tasty!  It is a nice yet casual BYO.All three of us loved it. Tried ox tail for the first time. Simple, nice atmosphere. Great service.BYOB Latin cuisine-inspired, vegan/vegetarian-friendly Blue Cat staffs good, friendly, interesting people to serve you well, thoroughly, and plentifully. 
   The name does not disappoint, either; there is a huge painting (mural) of a blue cat on the wall who protects you as you enjoy your meal. 
   And you will enjoy your meal. Fresh takes on dishes you've had before as well as dishes you've not had before. Chef's culinary choices are tasteful and tasty; try the guacamole!
    Portions are solid; your hungriest friends will be sated with a shared appetizer, main, and dessert. You should have all of these because they're all amazing. I had the oxtail stew. I was very happy with this choice. I also helped my friends finish their meals (I'm the hungriest friend) and everything was delicious. Fish tacos were a highlight, too.
    Take your friends here for a great experience!This was a nice surprise! Walked in this little restaurant as we drove by and it looked interesting. It was a Saturday afternoon and there were only a few people. 
When we walked in, no one was there to receive us. After a few seconds, someone walked in from the back and said we could sit wherever we liked to. She wasn't overly friendly, but not rude either. 
I had a the huevos rancheros and my husband had the Cubana sandwich. Both were really good and above expectations. To be honest, we didn't have expectations at all! 
It's a cool place to hang out on a weekend day. It's really mellow. I would definitely be interested in coming here again, maybe for dinner.WOW. This place knocked my socks off! The food was absolutely delicious and so flavorful. The decor is charming, bright, and colorful, and the atmosphere is very comfortable. Our server was warm, friendly, and made good recommendations. In addition to the taste and perfect preparation of the food, the presentation of the dishes is absolutely beautiful. I will be raving about this place for a long while, and aim to become a regular!
I had the grilled shrimp special, which came on a plate jam-packed with goodies -- rice, black beans, fried plantains, roasted veggies, and guacamole. The shrimp was fresh and had that perfect grilled crispness on the outside and wonderful grilled taste. My friends got the Carne Asada, also grilled to perfection.
The showstopper was the plantains - so soft and creamy on the inside, and perfectly caramelized on the outside. I believe a few are included in every dish they serve, but you'll definitely want to order an extra side of them!
Guacamole - very fresh, creamy, and oniony if that's how you like it. It came with house-made vegetable chips which were cripsy and gorgeous - very tasty and a nice alternative to the commonplace tortilla chips. The guac was so good, my friend even ate the rest of it with the garnish romaine leaves!
Brussels sprouts - worth getting even if you're not into them. I have never been a fan, even when they're jazzed up every which way as people rave about them constantly these days, but I tried them and they were really, reaaaally good - I even went back for some more. They prepare them with toasted almond slivers and a chocolate mole sauce. They were succulent and didn't have that overpowering cabbage-y flavor. 
After having such impressive appetizers and entrees, we had to try some dessert. The coconut rum bread pudding is another must-have. It didn't have an overpowering rum taste whatsoever - so subtle you could barely notice it. It was fluffy and had more of a custard consistency than a typical bread pudding. Real shredded coconut made it superb. Our server told us that the wife of the husband-and-wife team that owns the place used to be a pastry chef at Le Bec Fin, which explains the quality of their desserts! Also, the hot chocolate is made from scratch (not powder) and the coffee is of very high quality - smooth flavor, no bitterness.
You must give this place a try!I was here for their Mother's Day Brunch and was thoroughly impressed with their service, decor, and especially their food. I'm not from Philly but I was in town with family. Here in NYC, you can always find a good cuban sandwich but Blue Cat's was better (probably the best I ever had) and you got more for your money. Since it's my first time here and I only had a few things from the menu, it's not a 5-star review but it's close. Definitely coming back again.  Oh it's BYOB but the downside was that they only take cash. Highly recommend.I've been to Blue Cat three times, most recently for a wedding reception, and each time have loved the the food and service. It's a BYOB, which is a bonus, and the food is always fresh, full of flavor and unique.Late dinner after work with my kids. Decided to try Blue Cat's and it was great. Got seated by the hostess right away. The decor of the place is pretty cool. Love that artwork. Very modern touch. Let's get down to the food order. I ordered the Fish tacos and it was good, alittle greasy for my taste but good. My son had the beef sandwich and it was really good. My daughter had the rice dish. Arroz de pollo. This was the best dish. We all ordered desert. The orange blossom flan, the banana cake and flourless coconut cake. All three was delicious. The flan was creamy and had a hint of orange flavor in the sugary liquid concoction. The banana cake was fluffy, moist and buttery banana flavor icing. The flourless chocolate coconut cake was devilish. Yummy. lol. I remember all the names of the desert. How ironic? I should have ordered desert first and had dinner after.
Must try the rice dish. Must try the flourless chocolate coconut cake. Those are my top pick.Huevos rancheros was one of the best I ever had. Service was subpar.. Barely greeted with a smile.I wrote a review a few months ago giving it 3 stars. As mentioned in my previous post that I was going to give this place another try, I did. I gave Blue Cat another try in February for my boyfriends birthday and I am so glad that I did. As I mentioned before this place is BYOB and CASH ONLY. 
He ordered the carne asada over mash with a side of fried plantains, salsa verde, and frizzled onions. I ordered the arroz con pollo (rice with chicken) with a side of fried plantain, sausage, and salsa verde. These two dishes were soo delicious, I am honestly craving for it as I rewrite this review. Entrees are a bit pricy but the portions are huge. For dessert we got the big banana cake again and it was still delicious as ever! Almost forgot to mention that we got the baked oysters for our appetizer and it was pretty good but it could use a bit more flavor.
Highly recommend this place, really regret giving them a bad review before and I am so glad I gave them another try.Just ate here last night.  Waiter Julio was very helpful and charming.  The BYOB atmosphere was great.  We arrived in time to beat an early evening rush at around 4:30 pm.  Food was served promptly and was great.  Not knock me down best food I've ever had in my life great but definitely surprising (in the best of ways), novel, delicious, and worth a second visit.  More than that, this is totally a restaurant I'd bring a group of people to, feeling confident that whatever they ordered would probably be appetizing whatever their tastes.
I am vegetarian/pescetarian and had the salmon, which was probably about as perfect as I've ever had salmon.  I feel like a vegetarian could eat here and love it.Excellent food and ambiance!! Check out my full restaurant review at http://thetravelingbean.com/restaurant-review/This is a great spot for a delicious meal, BYOB.  The wait staff is incredibly attentive and familiar with the intricacies of the menu.  If they have the Ropa Vieja on special, order it, it's the best.  I've never eaten a better piece of salmon, too!Unfortunately I did not have the chance to try the food due to the poor service. Upon walking in I waited for about 10minutes until the hostess came over to acknowledge me. After stating that most if not all of the tables where taken for reseservations the hostess offers me a table in the far in corner. I hesistantly complied, the hostess than gives me my own menu while she stands behind the hostess stand to say "Here are your menus you can seat yourself because I am trying to put this order in." I was stunned and looked at my friend in disbelief. As my friend and I began walking to our table......we sat down and I immedatiedly was unpleased! The seats and tables were different from the rest of the seating in the restaurant and was more like patio furniture. As the waiter came over to greet us I explained my disapproval for the seating and asked was there any way we could change our seats to a more comfortable table. He offered the option  if we sit at another table we would be limited to our time due to the reservations however they may have been a handful a people in the restuarant at the time so I saw no reason for the additional restrictions. After that I kindly decided to leave. This really sucked because the food look great and the menu had a lot of yummy dishes I was dying to try but the service was way to poor for me to patronize. :-(Food is excellent!  We've been here multiple times and it hasn't disappointed!  Every dish we've tried was delicious, the ox tail stew, flank steak and fish tacos are my three faves! Service is just ok, a little slow.I deducted one star because of the cash only policy. My friend who lives close by had been there a couple weeks a go and informed us they accepted cards. I know there's an ATM two doors down, but I happened to not have my debit card on me and I never withdraw money from my credit card. My friend covered for me, but what girl likes to walk to the at at night when it's freezing outside? I understand why a business might choose to do cash only, but in this day and age is something that always results in an inconvenience. I'm one of those never cash on me type of persons. 
We made a reservation for 8:15pm and the place was packed. I liked the ambiance  and simple decor. The service was a bit slow, but only when it came to ordering. The food was out quick and it was understandable since the place was completely packed and everyone seemed to be getting serviced in a reasonable amount of time. 
The food was outstanding! My friend and I had a late lunch, but I was still craving some Latin food. I was expecting more of a traditional fare, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was Latin fusion. I love new interpretations of classic dishes. The three of us opted for appetizers because they all looked so good and we wanted to try many different things.
We ordered:
Blue cat guacamole: I loved that this came with taro root and plantain chips. Also the addition of pomegranate arils provided a sweet acidity to the avocado that was unexpected, but brilliant. I could not get over it, best guac ever. 
The shrimp with butternut squash was another interesting combination of unexpected flavors. It came only with two shrimps, but they were gigantic and cooked to perfection. Perfect texture, best shrimp I've ever had and my friend and I thought if they'd had shrimp like that in skewers we would die happily. The saltiness of the shrimp, which I found salty, but my friend didn't went great with the sweetness of the butternut squash. 
Papas rellenas. I thought this was delicious too, great unique flavors, but it was somewhat dense. I thought it was good, but it was my least favorite. 
Spinach empanada. I'm dominican and I was craving an empanada so I went for this. It was very unique. I loved the cheese, mushroom mix. It was big and delicious. The dough was perfect. 
My friend got rice and beans and I tried some. These reminded me of home. Delicious. 
The jicama, watermelon salad that came with the appetizers was heavenly. Fresh and it reminded me of summer. 
We wanted to get dessert, but the server took so long to come back and take our order that we ended up wanting to go. Their dessert menu was impressive though. 
I thought the prices were perfect for the quality of ingredients and unique food. I think is the best food I've had for that price and I do want to come back on a weeknight with a bigger appetite to go for one of then entrees. I've already recommended it to 2 people.Very sad to give this new spot one star.. The food was wonderful but the service was so awful I can't go ever again.  My friends and I went for a nice girls dinner. We ordered guacamole for appetizer and I ordered stuffed pepper, my two friends order chicken sandwiches. We received our entrees without the appetizer. While eating my pepper, which was amazing, I found a rubber band. I send it back and waited for another pepper. After getting my second pepper, after my friends where finished, it was good, but smaller and less flavorful. When we got our check, the waiter said he took off our guacamole. Well after talking the the manager/owner, we were told, we could have a desert, be we shouldn't have refused our appetizer, but they would take off the pepper. Well the guacamole never came to the table. The owner/manager was very unfriendly and I will not give them my business :(  I can appreciate that new restaurants take some time to work the kinks out. However, owners need to acknowledge their errors. 
Food great but overshadowed by terrible service!This place is awesome...  Defiantly a hidden Gem not only in the neighborhood, but in Philadelphia.  Worth the trip.
It's BYOB.  If it's early enough, there is a state store a half a block away.  Parking is the big issue, but I've never not found parking.  
The specials have always been excellent and the Flan is one of the best I've had.Fantastic breakfast burrito and home fries. Friendly and accommodating service and staff.This review is specifically for Blue Cat's fish tacos. They are my favorite fish tacos in Philadelphia! The cod is grilled (it used to be fried which was good too) and lies on a bed of a tangy slaw (with no mayo yay!). Scattered with pico de gallo and a half of an avocado, you need to take a few bites of the filling before folding your grilled corn tortilla to eat with your hands. Ask for the chipotle mayo on the side. I like to put my own on. The tacos don't require much of it because of all the refreshing flavors from the ingredients themselves. Accompanied by some fried plantains on the side, and a watermelon jicama salad appetizer, the fish tacos at Blue Cat are the way to go. I wish they were a little less expensive, but hey, I want them to stay in business and keep the tacos at this level of deliciousness so I'll pay the premium every once in a while!We held a non-rehearsal dinner party for 20 family and friends (vegan, vegetarians and meat eaters) last night and had the most wonderful food and service.  Everyone got to order from the menu and all the food came out at the same time.  Attractive, tasty and HOT!  Excellent location.  Luli made a special chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting that was one of the best cakes I've eaten in a restaurant.  Reasonable prices, nice to work with.  5 Stars.  My new best place in the city!  Thanks, Blue Cat!  PS.  It's a BYOB and that worked well too!2.5-3 stars. Food is good, don't get me wrong, but not worth the price. Fish tacos for $18? C'mon. Plus, accepting only cash should drive the prices down a little, no? I got the steak dish, which frankly tasted like any other american steak dish with potatoes and spinach, only with less steak than I'd expect for a $22 dish. Throwing on a couple plaintains on the side doesn't make it special. $80+ for 2. Not up my alleyThe food was exceptional! We brought our own six pack and we were then presented w/ a an iced bottle chiller to hold it. Nice. Then we got some free jicama and cucumber salad that was so perfectly seasoned we ordered more. And our server, Julio was probably the most personable, interesting, funny, helpful, attentive and just plain fantastic. I'd highly recommend the Blue Cat and can't wait to go back for more!This was my first time here. Great service and food. We ate outside, and enjoyed the BYOB. We had a large party and was not rushed as we enjoyed our time with everyone. I had the flank steak with green beans and plantains. It was delicious. No one had any complaints about their food. I will definitely visit againThis place is def good ... liked the vibe as soon as I walked in and the service followed suit with a friendly 'tude.  And then there was the food .... First up the apps were both super.  The papas rellenos were so lightly fried;  they had a tempura-like outer covering.  The empanada was also lightly encrusted and filled with mushrooms, spinach, and oaxaca cheese.  The cod fish tacos were great ... and were a huge portion so you can def come here hungry.  The Chilean chacarero sandwich was substantial as well... but more importantly was tasty as well.  And the banana cake for desert was incredible - lightly fashioned but bursting with flavor  and accompanied by a tasty home-made whipped cream ala Viennese style.  Did all this cost a lot?  Nope!  And as it is situated on the edge of the Fairmount district, this can be a destination restaurant as well as a neighborhood one because there are always a couple of parking spaces  within a block radius.  This restaurant opened quietly.  As word of mouth gets around, I don't think it will be so quiet anymore.  
Two p.s.'s -  It's byob which is always sweet on the wallet .... and it has a cool mural of a blue cat on the interior wall of the dining room.I came for brunch with an good friend of mine to catch up. I am so grateful he brought me here and introduced this well kept secret to me. 
I had a few gripes about this place, but I thought they were worth the food. The door kept letting in cold air, which happened frequently. The service was also extremely slow - my friend had to ask for coffee and juice twice. We waited for food for a good while as well, but since there was no wait compared to other popular brunch places (cough I'm looking at you, lift), I didn't mind too much.
My friend had the huevos ranchero. It was beautiful! There was always some surprise hidden in it that my friend kept uncovering (like roasted peppers or more meat!). It came with fresh slices of avocado, and it looked a lot heartier and cohesive than ones I've seen elsewhere (cough lift again). 
I had some delicious sandwich that I don't remember the name of. Just that it was so, so, so amazing. It came with fried plantains and some other fried root plant, which were delightfully crunchy. There was also a fresh slaw - cucumber, pear, pineapple, strawberry, and cilantro - which was a perfect complement. The sandwich was amazing. I think I said that already, but I must repeat that. It had string beans, avocado, roasted peppers, salsa verse, and I got it with chicken ($2 extra). And it's all on a home baked semolina bun. The chicken was perfectly cooked and juicy, and everything was warm, fresh, and filling. The only draw back was that it was humongous (is that a draw back?) and a little sloppy. Still, I need this again. It was amazing. I said that, I know.
There was some kind of pickled vinegar on the table, which was awesome to drizzle over my bread. 
Everything here seems so fresh and made with homemade style love. And you get to eat everything surrounded by paintings of cats. I'll be back for brunch and lunch.Delicious! Everything we ordered was great. We finished everything on the plate!
Fried cod fish taco
Roast duck with mole and plantains
Chicken and chorizo
Each entree was around $15-$17.
Everything was tasty! Highly recommend. Even the orange blossom flan was flavored perfectly. ($5)I cannot say enough good things about Blue Cat.  The atmosphere is beautiful yet relaxed, the staff friendly!  I was there with a group of about 6, and every single item ordered exceeded expectations.  We were all passing around things and sharing bites, just couldn't get enough!
The guacamole with fresh veggie chips was a great starter.  The shrimp and butternut sqaush app was amazing and fresh, with a great poblano cream.  LOVED Nina's Empanadas filled with spinach and mushrooms.  Somehow, it reminded me of my great aunt's Italian spinach pie, yet with a definitively Latin feel.  The San Julian salad was refreshing and flavorful.
Smoked eggplant enchilladas again reminded me of home-cooked recipes like Egglplant parm, although this dish is decidedly Latin.  This is what Blue Cat does so well, keeps things fresh, exciting and unique while also giving a comforting/homey feel.
Dessert is almost a separate achievement  in and of itself.  There were so many amazing-sounding treats, we couldn't pick!  The flourless chocolate coconut cake was like a grown-up Mounds candy bar.  The coconut rum bread pudding was an explosion of flavor, the lime tart was a crowd-pleaser, and the vanilla bean rice pudding was a creamy treat.  Someone at our table even ordered a slice of banana cake to go, it was that good!!! 
Blue Cat is a great find, and one I hope to come back to again and again.  Another wonderful feature, is the Wine store a few doors down.  BYOB has never been easier!I am still thinking about how delicious the oysters we had the other night. As always, the fish tacos were amazing.  The cherry on top, was the desserts we shared. Though to find a better meal in town...5 stars for Sunday brunch. Huevos Rancheros came with excellent beans, yummy fried plantains and one of the best summer side dishes I've had: watermelon, cucumber and jicama salad with cilantro.  Only slight problem was that the scrambled eggs in the breakfast burrito were a bit runny.
 Wow!