Breakfast is the only meal worth eating at Bob's Diner -- their breakfast dishes are fine. Otherwise, their food ranges from only adequate (their hamburgers) to dreadful (their meatloaf). 
Their service matched their food, ranging from lackluster to dreadful. Our waiter was apologetic but could not speed up the kitchen. 
And I thought all diners had good food and good service!today I pretty much forced my boyfriend to go out to breakfast even though he didn't want to...I have worked in a deli for 14 years and waited on people day in and out and honesty all I wanted was to sit down and have someone wait on me. I wanted to relax. for once. well.......NOT TODAY! we went to bobs because its just about the only acceptable sit down place around for breakfast. Taylor's is disgusting and manayunk diner is just eh. but anyway, bobs is an absolute disgrace anymore. we got there at like 2pm, so it wasn't busy. at all. we sat down, and one very slovenly sweaty grease monster of a waitress came over and asked us what we want to drink, we both said a water and a coffee. she came back with 2 coffees, no creamer. then I had to find her and ask for the waters and creamer, she got the waters, still no creamer, and then she disappeared. then another waitress came over to take our order saying that she had no idea where the other waitress ran off to. I was relieved because I could tell I was gonna get terrible service from the first girl anyway (then I spotted our original waitress gulping a humongous soda and licking her lips very sickening-like and still sweating). anyway, our food took about 45 minutes to come out because all the waitresses were sitting around running thier mouths to eachother instead of doing their jobs.  finally the second waitress brought us some food, it was cold, and she forgot the silverware. by this time, naturally, our coffees and waters were empty and she never asked us if we wanted refills. she actually never came back to the table at all.  I had to look all over for this extremely stupid girl and tell her when she had a break from her busy day of carrying on with her slob co-workers, we would like some more water and coffee.  who can sit and eat a meal with no drink?! what's wrong with these people??!!  so my water had something in it but by this point I'm just disgusted and wast gonna drink anything out of thier filthy cups so I didn't say anything. FINALLY...we start to eat, and the original slovenly waitress comes over and tells us to give her our napkin dispenser, butter and jelly rack, ketchup and hot sauce and she would be back with new ones. who wants to be interrupted during a meal to start handing stuff across the table, across the plates, to the waitress? what kid of crap is that???!!! and she never came back with our stuff. I needed my hot sauce so again I had to get up and find a waitress and tell them I want the hot sauce that used to be in my table, that I happened to be using when I was so rudely interrupted. the only thing they didn't forget was to give me the check (of course) and they actually left that on the table wayyy before we ever even saw our food. this was the least relaxing, most aggravating breakfast of my life. all i wanted was to be waited on.  oh also, the food SUCKED. I am so sorry I went out for breakfast today and I will never in a million years go back to that gross rude nasty inconsiderate place.  ever.The servers were friendly and chatted with us when they came to take our order.  We had dinner on a Sunday night and it was great - a quiet place with few people and good comfort food.  PLUS it was inexpensive which made it better since it's only a short walk from the pad.I'm a huge fan of diners - so needless to say, I was excited coming to Bob's. The service isn't a huge knock because you don't expect much from a diner. But it certainly didn't exceed anything, to say the least. The food was average and overpriced. The omlette doesn't even come with potatoes - which is crazy. I mean, shoving as much food on a plate for under 10 bucks is what diners are about. But not this place. You feel cheated after eating here. Boo.a greasy spoon with a view of the cemetary and breakfast all day? this place is legit. they don't accept credit cards, so bring cash!Went there for breakfast today! Service was okay but once the food came nobody came to check on us. I ordered the garden omelet which came loaded with veggies. However, the veggies seem to all be from a can or frozen. The spinach was frozen & just gross.  Mushrooms from a can. On top of that there were extra charges for everything!! $3 for cheese, 1.25 for NO onions on the omelet .
Just a lot of extra charges & expensive for breakfast. Im use to city prices but it just felt unreasonable . 
On the positive side , Cookie is so sweet & fries are great!Bob's Diner makes you feel like you're coming home. Their breakfast is always hot, delicious, and affordable, and the staff is as friendly as could be. My little sister and I met up here every Saturday morning for breakfast and coffee for two years, and we both cite it as the Philly restaurant we miss the most after moving. Do yourself a favor and head to Bob's with a friend and get yourself a Bob muffin with bacon on a bagel with a side of home fries and onions and wash it down with a hot cup of bottomless coffee. You'll never get brunch anywhere else.I used to frequent Bob's diner when I lived in the area, but haven't been back in years. I went today, and it's so much better than I even remember! You're greeted with a smile by every employee, and served promptly. The omelet was fluffy (as described on the menu) and stuffed with delicious, fresh vegetables. The presentation was much nicer than even expected from a small town diner, so much that I wish I took a photo! Happy to see Bob's doing so well after all these years.A friend and I stumbled upon Bob's because we were unable to get into another breakfast spot in the neighborhood. I was pleasantly surprised by the friendly and fast service!
Breakfast food was very affordable! I had a two egg special and my fried has steak and eggs. To her delight, the steak was flavorful and cooked well! 
We will definitely be back! This is a good choice for a quick and cheap breakfast.So had breakfast at bobs today where to start I ordered cream chipped beef that came out room temperature  the toast it was over wasburned I ask for my home fries well done thay where burned and cold then the bill came well there was a lot of 2.99 changes that did not add up so I paid 30 bucks for too orders of cream chipped beef a side of bacon and scrapple that was cold to WILL NEVER EAT THERE AGAINBob's Diner aka "The Diner of the Undead," is not only the greatest place to start a zombie movie, ever, it's also a really fabulous Roxborough experience. 
The menu is typical diner faire with some local twists. I definitely recommend the Chipped Beef Ina Pretzel.
If you go at a time when people are usually hungry, expect a wait. 30 minutes isn't a bad amount of time to talk with your future table buddies, though. Is it?
It has a weird mix of loyal locals and college students trying to laugh off last night's indiscretions. I like it here a lot, but don't expect it I be something other than a diner at the edge of a graveyard.My parents visiting from Florida wanted to take us out to breakfast, 2 small kids (4 yrs and 2 yrs). We had a party of 6 people total. We decided to walk over to Bob's, a local favorite, at about 8:30 AM on a Thursday.
It is a diner, so that's exactly what I was expecting. Comfort food, coming to your table at a medium pace, not to fast not to slow.
Bob's hit all my expectations, had a good selection, was tasty, and prices where all fair. We had great service and accommodation. You never know when you walk into a local diner for the first time how you will be received, especially with 2 little kids. Some patrons offered to move for us to have a more comfortable seating arrangement, right off the bat without anyone asking them.
I ordered the cream chipped beef with home fries, it was perfect, exactly what i wanted and was expecting. Around the table the rest of the family had eggs, bacon, roasted pepper omelette, western omelette, and to top it off our little princess got a belgium waffle with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top and whip cream around the edge.
Everyone gave 2 thumbs up on their breakfast. The omelettes were big and if you are a light eater you could easily split one.
We'll be back. We had excellent and kind service. I usually don't like to give out 5 stars but for my expectations of a diner this hit every one and exceeded. I would definitely recommend for a family and people looking to get some comfort food.I've been here a few times, and it's always a nice place to eat breakfast - the service is very nice (and the folks there recognize you if you're there often!). The food's pretty hit and miss, though. Good waffles, good pancakes, great home fries, but the chipped beef is nasty, and the omelettes are basically sponges full of oil.Awesome old-fashioned diner, but the food is average. Cheaper than most other upscale diners in the area, though. I've had the western omelette (OK, not bad) and cream chipped beef on a soft pretzel (also OK ). Next time I'll try something elseAvoid this place! Dirty, and not diner dirty but disgusting. Food doesn't last in you long either. Go to Ridge, and had to speed home in order to make it to the bathroom. Will be calling the health department tomorrow.I've only ever been here for breakfast. 
I got a stack of pancakes, which were fluffy and tasty, and came with a soaked in lump of butter (just how I like it). My side of bacon however, was far more lackluster... 
It's diner food, and it's a great, cheap way to start a Saturday morning, the prices match what you get, and our waitress was charming (she also knew my bf's dad who frequents the place, so that helped).
Oh, and the orange juice isn't fresh. Not that I expected it to be either.Been there 3 times. Each time table or area around the table wasn't clean. This last time I ordered an omelette w peppers and it was inedible. I returned it for just eggs, which they did fine. Not going back.We've been looking for a good diner in the area, and at least for breakfast Bob's has proven to be the best for miles.  The inside looked like a slightly bigger version of my Russian grandma's kitchen.  Inside, everything was spotless.  As noted by a previous reviewer, the menu is extensive, and the prices are certainly reasonable.  All the staff were cheerful and friendly, even for 7 am on a Monday.
We started with some great coffee that was strong but not burnt, and refills came quickly, as did the food.  I had a delicious Belgian waffle with pie-filling cherry and whipped cream topping.  Even though I had asked for strawberries, I would have gone with the cherries had they been offered, so I was happy despite the mistake.  The only thing that would have been better was fresh fruit, which they didn't have.  The boyfriend had French Toast, sausage and eggs, which apparently were also quite good.  
If their lunch and dinner are as good as their breakfast, I'll be completely hooked.Been here a couple of times now. First time back in February when we were traveling through Philadelphia. Breakfast was great that time. We went back for lunch after moving to Philadelphia and it was awful (sadly). The other day, we decided to hit it for breakfast again with a friend and it was good. Friendly neighborhood diner that has been there forever and will hopefully remain there forever!Sat at the counter w/ my boo, had a free app via Yelp check-in (mozzy moons), and a chicken salad club on rye. The lady had a BLT on wheat. 
Service was great (thanks Stef) and our food was just what we needed. Would definitely return.I'm underwhelmed.  Been dying to try this tiny little place out that has a lot of non-legit looking signs that say they have the "best breakfast."  When we showed up on a Saturday morning and it was totally packed, I expected greatness.  
Menu is pretty basic.  My dining partner was upset that they didn't have an extra huge manly breakfast ordering option and ended up ordering two entrees.  Said the french toast was decent. I got a basic eggs, bacon, taters deal.  Everything was good but not great. Typical greasy diner food, I guess.  
Be forewarned: don't park in that parking lot across the street.  You get ticketed.  Also, ladies beware!  They keep the window open in the bathroom.  Probably the coldest bathroom ever.  EVER.  And, cash only.Great food great price. My boyfriend and I  have been here a few times. We prefer sitting at the bar as there's more leg/arm room. It's also nice to get an upfront seat as they make your food. Cash only. Opens early. I usually get the two egg special, and he's tried the pancakes. All very delicious. One of our favorite breakfast spots for your traditional American breakfast.It was a really cute little place and the service was excellent.
I went in thinking I wanted breakfast, but it was 90degrees and a hot omelet didn't sound all that great once I walked into that tiny tin box without air conditioning.
He got the patty melt and we split an order of mozarella sticks.  He liked his burger.  The mozz sticks were fine but the batter was a bit thick for my liking.  
I got an egg salad sandwich on a kaiser roll.  ($.50 extra for lettuce, really?)  I ordered a baked sweet potato too.  The egg salad sandwich was enormous.  I couldn't even finish it and took the baked sweet potato home.
A cute little place.  I'd be willing to check it out again for breakfast on a much cooler day.Horrible. I ordered french toast with home fries and My Husband ordered pancakes with homefries . My french toast looks like it was made with regular thin sliced white bread, it was soggy and disgusting. My husbands pancakes were not cooked well, very mushy in the middle. Homefries had no flavor. I wish I would have just gone to starbuck across the street.Nice local place. It is small place but always crowded. Food is really good.   Ice aize platters. Service is good. Cash only.Came here for breakfast on s Sunday morning. With how crowded it was, my expectations were high. We ordered two omelets, coffee, and a side of turkey bacon. For the price ($35+) we should have received much better. Our omelets were small and half cooked- had raw egg running out the middle. The mushrooms were straight from a can. The spinach seemed either from a can or frozen. For that price I would expect fresh ingredients and properly cooked eggs. We were very disappointed! 
Needless to say, we won't be returning.An Amazing Meal From the Past of the 60's.
The food is so simple from a diner box, but tastes absolutely amazing! It was built during the 1960's (from what I was told), and the folks there has still found the ability to keep the atmosphere similiar to the time. Always busy for a little tiny place, but worth it to eat if you are looking for a simple meal for an inexpensive price. Its great! I usually have breakfast there, and NEVER had a complaint about it. They never try to spice anything up, just simple and just right!
Parking is usually tough in Roxborough, but you can park behind the citizen's parking lot with free of charge.Nothing too special, just a good ole fashion neighborhood dinner. Solid breakfast, solid lunch, cheap, and next to a graveyard which is always a nice touch. It is what you think it is, go in with that mindset and you will enjoy it.You know that generic diner you see in movies where it's tiny, has dollar coffee, and everybody knows your name? That's Bob's.
Traditional diners in Philly are disappearing, and Bob's is a holdout. All the waitresses call you hon, the woman working the cash register has been there for decades, and the walls are covered in memories. 
We do breakfast there on weekends, and you usually don't have to wait too long for a table. If you sit at the counter, it's faster, plus you get to watch them fling endless strips of bacon on the tiny grill in front of you. 
Food is tasty, prices are reasonable, and there's street parking for free all down lyceum ave.Great spot for a quick lunch. Service was good and it wasn't as packed as it usually is on a weekend morning. 
I had a BLT on wheat toast and my guy had the chicken salad club on the toast. Both were super tasty. We also shared an order of mozz moons that we got free thanks to the the Yelp! check.The waiters and waitress is really nice, we got greeted so quickly and sat down. Ordered hot chocolate, Spanish fries, and a Philly CheeseSteak! It was delicious, huge portions& a great oldie place to eat at. Will be coming here again with my friends. :)Great diner food, cheap prices, quick and friendly service. All I look for in a diner!This place is cute! It has that old diner feel to it. Everyone we encountered working there seemed very friendly. The food is standard diner food and at a good price. I got The Quick Platter #1, the Home fries with onions were nice and crispy. My boyfriend got the chipped beef with home fries which was very good but the home fries were strangely cold. However, we didn't say anything and it wasn't enough of a bother to deter us from coming back again.i come here maybe once or twice a year for breakfast, and only breakfast. i would never try anything other than their sandwiches...
this place is a staple in the community, well maybe not a staple but it has been around for a long time so for someone who's father grew up in ROXborough, i feel i should visit a few times.
the staff are either pretty old, overweight, or just grouchy. I haven't had a bad waitress but i can tell they judge people based on if they seem like aren't from the neighborhood. the food is fine, nothing great but nothing bad either... the prices are normal, around 5$ a breakfast platter. it is a small diner though, only about 16 tables or so.
like i said, i would come back maybe once or twice a year and most likely because i was hungover and i didn't want to venture too far.
CA$H only! however there are banks across the street.Came her for lunch while I waited for a haircut. This place is unique with characters working there. Trust me order the food it is pretty good. I had the hot turkey sandwich with fries, a pickle and cranberry sauce all with gravy. The fries were not that desirable, however, the gravy made up for it. I would try this CASH ONLY option again.The staff was GREAT! I appreciated the hospitality and the price was reasonable, but the food was typical of a greasy spoon establishment. Very similar to a Waffle House.Bob's was a pretty cute experience that made me feel like I was back in jersey diners. Staff was very friendly, even though it was swamped, and they kept refilling our coffee/got everything out quick. Wasn't the most incredible breakfast and the place could stand to be more sanitary, but I was happy to find a decent diner around here.Cool lookin' old school diner. The waitress sang "watch me whip" as she put whip cream on my nephews hot chocolate-added bonus! Thanks for the enjoyable dining experienceI feel as though this place is missing a golden opportunity to be a fantastic diner. They must make enough money on breakfast to survive. I have eaten here probably 100 times over the past 10 years. They just don't seem to care that much about lunch or especially dinner. I rarely go anymore but when I do it is for this 1 great thing... the western omelet with cheese. I know they whip the eggs in a blender and the sweet peppers they use make the dish so good. I have to get a side of home fries with onions which I order well done. With a large juice, this deliciously satisfying meal costs like $17.00 but I do not care as it is that good. And I do actually take half of it home for later and heat it up in my oven. My regret is that I eat out all the time and I need them to do something with this gem of a diner they have. 4 stars for the western omelet with cheese only.Bob's Diner offers the traditional diner experience with its old train car design.  The breakfast is delicious and I highly recommend any of their omelets.  Desserts are also a specialty of this diner.
I don't care much for their lunch or dinner options.  And, the fact that they don't take credit cards is a bummer.  Sometimes, I'm just not carrying cash.  However, the staff and owners are incredibly friendly.I'm from Jersey originally and have been very disappointed with the diner scene in philly since moving here 10 years ago but Bobs really hits the spot. The comfortable local diner atmosphere and the breakfast eats are on point. Only diner I will go to in this area from here on out.Bob's Diner was a small diner but a diner that packed a punch with good food and quantity. When I think of a diner this is the place I think of. The staff was really nice and accommodating and the food was very tasty. The deep fried pretzel bits with cheese, the creamy chipped beef  on pretzel and steak and eggs were amazing! Coffee was better than any fast food joint. And the price was well matched for the quantity and taste. Breakfast is my favorite meal and this place met my standards!When I think of a grabbing a quick breakfast that's inexpensive and greasy, I think or Bob's Diner on Ridge Avenue. This quaint converted mobile home is just the place for you to bring the kids Sunday morning to enjoy the atmosphere of a simpler time before trans fat was considered unhealthy. For the most part, the ambiance and staff were pleasant, except for the incessant lights that were flickering constantly (thank goodness no one had a seizure). All and all, if you request less butter and wear your sunglasses during your experience, this establishment could easily be four stars. Bob's is a solid three stars and was a pleasure to review.A really solid diner place that has amazing breakfast food items! I've had their pancakes and it is by far the best pancakes I've ever had from any diner. The only knock on this place, is that there is a line that can be a bit of a pain, especially since there isn't a waiting area.Cash only diner. Friendly service. Small so be sure to get there early. Get's crowded during peak hours and hard to find seats for large groups. 
Typical, greasy diner food! Home fries are delish. Better than most of the diners I've been to PA. The portions aren't too big either, so if you're going and just want 2 pancakes rather than a stack of 10 it's the perfect spot for you. This way you can mix up your breakfast!I love Bob's diner.  I went to the diner with a couple of friends mostly because it was weird to see a diner...next to the cemetary.  We were pleasantly surprised with the breakfast.  I love the hashbrowns.  Everyone enjoyed their breakfast and next time they were all in town, they requested to go again.  The staff also didn't mind when a friend requested extra crispy bacon -- so they seem to accomodate your tastes.
I've also been there for dinner once as well. The menu has a decent selection of diner food (as well as breakfast all day).  Plus, instead of fries, I can have hashbrowns! Again, everyone enjoyed their meal and the portions were large.  We had diner basics, burgers, chicken tenders, etc. The price is better than some of the neighboring restaurants as well.
We had the same waitress on most of the visits, and I have no complaints.  It can be annoying that it is cash only, but I just tell people in advance if we are going. It is smaller inside, but I have only had to wait to be seated once during breakfast hour on the weekend (and the wait wasn't bad).  Overall, it's a nice little diner, especially if you live in Roxborough and don't want to go too far from home for a good meal.  Basically, it tastes like the food you wish you could make at home.You know, Bob's is just one of those places.  Frankly, the food is secondary.  It's the lovely, friendly, attentive and down home service I like best.  Good moods, family-like atmosphere, comfortable setting.  Oh, and they serve grits.Bob's Diner has earned the positive reviews here on Yelp. The food is delicious, cheap, and the staff is kind. The only downside is that the diner is not very big and gets a bit cramped.  Other than that, well worth a visit.This is a nondescript little local diner in the Roxborough neighborhood. From the outside it screams vintage and in need of renovation. As you enter in, I was greeted warmly by a young gentleman who gave me free reign in my choice of seating area. I noticed that he is a man of many titles; host, server, busser, cashier, manager...oh what the heck, he seems to run the whole damn place! The interior is in need of a really good scrub down for this place to shine, and the windows are screaming "Please Wash Me!". Now speaking of food, it is typical diner food. We came for an early dinner, and most of the reviews were during breakfast time.  The Appetizer Combo did not have any pub pickles nor was there any boneless wings (see pic). Taste was mediocre as to any deep fried, frozen food. The gravy over the Veal Cutlet was sparse and could use a little more. The Garlic Spinach was very delicious though. Chicken Salad Platter was good. Although I must say the Cole Slaw is really good.  Broiled Salmon was over cooked but still edible. French Fries seems to look like they have been sitting on the side for awhile. When my server asked me if everything was ok, it was OK. Maybe I should have been here for breakfast instead. Hey everyone! They have free WI-FI Connection........I LOVE this place.  And if you love box car diners, you'll love it, too.
I've only eaten breakfast here, but this diner is one of two diners in all of Philadelphia that will make my eggs over medium instead of wussing out and give me over easy.
Yummy pancakes, sweet old ladies that take your order, and it's not even that expensive as compared with some other diners.  
Definitely try their milkshakes.  Best hangover remedy ever!Good food and friendly staff!! They refilled my coffee super quick and the food was done quick to. Its a small place but it's awesome. Right next to a grave yard, which in my opinion is kind cool.I was pleasantly surprised by this little diner! I am a big fan of diner food; give me coffee, eggs and bacon, and a good batch of home fries and I am set! This was perfectly delicious diner food, not overly crafty, very diner. I would definitely go back to try one of their pancake options (different fruit choices) or their yummy looking french toast. The parking isn't as bad as it looks for Roxborough, I went during busy Sunday breakfast time and street parking was open (most likely due to the cemetery right there). Service was quick but didn't lose quality, and the waiters and waitresses were funny. 
The only reason I gave 4 and not 5 stars was because of how the seating works - It can get very overwhelming because you do not put your name in, you wait in line and whoever is next in line gets the next table. This wasn't too bad because I was only with my boyfriend, so we found two seats together at the counter (barely any wait), but I can see big groups during busy time having a tough time.A Roxborough Institution.  You'll find this place packed with locals and college kids on any weekend or holiday, so much so that people will be standing out in front waiting to get in for Breakfast.  I say breakfast because this is undoubtly their most popular meal of the day.  Of course a good breakfast should be the backbone of any diner, which it is here.  Good prices and descent service.  Seems like the people have been working here for years and it shows in their streamlined service.I have seen Bob's through a few  changes in ownership - bad changes, but it is back to what it was originally - a great diner.  The average time the service staff has been there is more than 20 years!  I don't know any other diner that can boast this.  The food may be typical diner food, but it is very good and better than most diners.  Try the cole slaw - it is delicious and homemade - as are the desserts.  
I don't like the eggs - they tend to be a bit greasy, but they aren't terrible.  Everything else is very good.
By the way, one reviewer said that it is in an old train car.  Not so.  This is a original dining car - built to be a diner, which was typical of diners in days gone by.I used to be really impressed when I got to dine here every month or so, but I was six and still thought shiny rocks were the bee's knees; call me a cynic, but being good in the 80's doesn't mean a thing to me twenty plus years later. 
Bob's is generally crowded, especially when the post drinking/church crews roll through, but they do serve fast and keep us schmucks rolling in and out promptly. Food here is average in that it's edible but will never wow you, and the ambiance reminds me of inner-city diners from B movies and such; it's a crowded and noisy dinner with waitresses who's perms look naked without the accompanying cigarette dangling from their lips.
Bob's is a clean enough looking place, though I have seen a critter or two in the past, but I'm not naive and know they are everywhere. It's other factors mixed with them creepy crawlies that have brought on my decision to never return (hairs, messed up orders, terrible after-eating-bathroom extravaganzas, etc.), including the events during my final appearance here:
Usual crowded Sunday morning, but we were seated after a very brief wait. Put in our order about the same time the table inches to our left did and sat back In anticipation. Lipstick on my water glass, but that happens, so I just asked for a new one. Wait for food seems longer than usual, but it is a Sunday, and then it finally arrives: the lovely lady's French toast came out instead as pancakes, and my well done home fries are actually French fries. We are not upset by these mistakes because the place is jumping and we can sympathize with mixing up what should be French on the order, so we point out the mistakes. Our waitress apologizes profusely, grabs the platter of cakes saying she'll be right back with the correction, and tells me to keep the fries, on the house, and my homies will be out post haste. 
All seemed great at this point until the table to our left, who's food arrived simultaneously, pointed out that they were missing their side of fries. 
"Oh, that's what happened!" Says the curly haired waitress, and then bare hands the fries from my plate, with a chunk of my omelette, and plops them on our neighbor's dish. 
"But wait, I told him he could eat these while he waits!" And she grabs half the fries, sans egg, and returns them to me. "You guys work on them and I'll be right back with fresh stuff for both of you."
So friendly, so resourceful, but so wrong; that was the straw, and I'm never going back.Old fashioned non-nonsense diner of the old-school dining car variety.  Good breakfast with butter generously slathered on the toast.  When they say you can get the eggs any way you like, they mean poached too.  They keep your coffee refilled so well you have to cry "Uncle" before you're bouncing off the walls.  Very friendly attentive staff.  Loved the blueberry pancakes.  I'm coming back to see what else they have!Yummy everything. How can you not love a place where the one waitress wears a worlds best shirt and says God bless? Awesome diner, Awesome
Food and fantastic people!Friendliest hostess of all time. Such a great diner experience. 
They forgot the cheese on the omelette, and when we told them, our hostess took it back, gave us extra cheese, and then took off half the price. 
If we lived in the neighborhood, we'd be back every day to try everything on the Breakfast menu. 
Free refills on coffee = A+.I have passed by this place a trillion times in my 10 years in this area but have never stopped in.  Well, it wasn't the worst but I was not impressed.  
The Foodery on the next block ran out of lunch stuff, Taylor's was closed and this was walkable.  I guess we got there between shifts so it was quiet - only ones in there.  That's why I can't imagine why the service was so slow.  Our waitress was doing sidework and in deep conversation with someone.  She warmed up toward the end but . . .
I got a chicken sandwich.  It was memorable because it had so much cheese on it but wasn't melted all the way.  I had to peel it away and then there was hardly any meat on there.  The menu didn't impress like some diners when you get extensive options, either.  It all seemed like greasy options, really.  The decor was 90s country chic.  It didn't seem all that clean either as some evidence of the last patrons' meal were still on the floor.
Maybe this place is a great breakfast joint but I don't think I will be back to find out.  A half a block up is Taylors, which I love, and has recently gotten an updated facelift, has great food and great personable service.  
Sorry, Bob.Being new to the area I read a lot of reviews for Bobs and it did not disappoint.
The staff is very friendly, the crowd is very up beat and the food is amazing.
I've never had such a plump omelet and te pancakes and home fries lived up to the great reviews.
I will say to me it was a little pricey but it is worth it. I will defiantly eat there again!I visited this diner for lunch with a friend this past Saturday. It was small and busy so we figured it would be worth it! First, let me say that it took over 15 minutes for someone to take our order. My friend and I sat during that time with our menus closed and looked around. No one came by. It wasn't until we were about to leave that a waitress came over to take our order. The food itself was good, except the fries that I received were mostly small bits -- almost like I had gotten the end of the batch. They were tasty regardless.
When we went to pay our check, we couldn't understand/read what our waitress wrote on the check and tried to explain that to the lady ringing us up. She was quite rude, to be honest, especially when I tried to explain to her what we thought the bill said. I remember saying, "ok so this says $9.99" and she interrupted me to say "I see that." This all happened after she and another customer got into an argument about his bill (even though it was the waitress' fault -- she still was yelling at him). 
Based on this first impression, I won't be back unless I have to be.Fast and friendly, this place is in an old diner car on a cute downtown street. Got there at 9:30am on a Sunday and had to wait 5minutes to be seated, but once we were seated, things were quick. 
Everyone was so friendly, even during the breakfast rush. Pancakes were fat and fluffy, and drenched with butter. The bacon was crispy yet not overdone, and the hash browns were spiced with something that made salt not a requirement. 
The patrons were lively as well, one lady LOVED my son, and the cashier gave my son a book to read to help keep him occupied. The service was super friendly as well. Oh and they have milkshakes!
All in all, awesome breakfast interlude for a Sunday morn. Can't wait to return.Bob's is a hangover cure for the locals. This is good old wholesome diner food. That said, there's nothing incredibly special about the food. The win for this place is the quality of service and the personality of the staff.
I've never been to Bob's and not fallen in love with a waitress. They are an excellent group of ladies. 
I always end up having the 2 eggs breakfast special. It comes with toast, homefries and coffee. All of this for $5.95. 
This place is a staple in the community and will continue to be for years to come.My fiance and I were up in Bryn Mawr area getting my car checked out at BMW of the Mainline (a pretty terrible dealership but that's a review for another time) and we were looking for a good breakfast spot.  We came across Bob's Diner on our Yelp Mobile (plug plug) and headed out to check it out for ourselves...
Food: 3.0 stars
A standard diner breakfast meal.  The pancakes were pretty good.  I wish they didn't smear everything in butter (pancakes, toast) but I guess that's classic diner protocol.  The eggs, hash browns, and coffee were nothing to yelp home about.  Just a standard, hearty breakfast.
Service: 3.5 stars
The server greeted us and was shocked we had never been to Bob's Diner before.... It's really not that shocking...  Still the waitress was very nice and kept our coffee cups full.  You gotta love the community diner TLC
Ambiance: 3.0 stars
The restaurant is an old train car, which is pretty cool.  The vibe inside the restaurant is classic diner with the central counter and booths in front of the restaurant.  The decor couldn't be any more cluttered. Still you feel comfortable in the restaurant... until....
Location: 1.0 star
You look outside the window and Bob's Diner/Train Car is sitting right next to a cemetery.  Seriously?? A freakin' cemetery??  Creepy.
Price: 4.0 stars
For a full meal, you'll end up paying $10 per person
**Overall: 3.0 stars
Not a great meal but not bad either.  Nice service and comfortable ambiance until you look outside to see your grandma crawling outta her grave to join you for a cup of coffee.  If you're in the area, its probably your best local option for breakfast but nothing worth going out of your way for.you want to be hungover when you eat here. it's got the traditional diner look which is great, however the food is just ok. i've ordered breakfast many times and the bacon or sausage always appears to have been cooked for 2 seconds tops. there has always been a hair hiding in the giant grease puddle under my breakfast. kind of ironic they have the graveyard on the front of the menu.Love this diner!  It's a great find near Manayunk. It keeps with the great diner tradition of cozy setting, comfort food, and even the friendliest waitress, Agnus-- it's like being welcomed into her home!
Definitely try the fluffy pancakes.Before going to Bobs, I did not realize it had been voted "Best Breakfast". I just moved to the area and was looking for a good greasy spoon spot near my house and thought this would be it. I thought the idea of a diner that allowed you to look out over a graveyard was kind of fun. 
Unfortunately, Bobs will not be my regular greasy spoon.
If the food were even averagely good, the inconvenience of the cash-only policy and pretty long wait (for a booth, single stools at the counter seem to open up pretty quickly) would be fine. But, it wasn't. I've had a better breakfast at IHOP (which is saying something, because I really hate that place). Knowing that it was voted Best Breakfast, I am even further mystified by the food I ate. 
I was judging the food by greasy spoon standards, not breakfast bistro and I am still giving it two stars. The french toast was very thin and oddly flavored--it honestly didn't really taste like... anything. Even when drowned in rivers of syrup. The western omelette was dry and they didn't put the ham IN the omelet, it was served on the side (maybe this is a Philly thing?) and rubbery. It made it equally mystifying that they had refused to substitute bacon for the ham in the western omelette given it's peculiar way of service. The coffee was ok, the hashbrowns were adequate.  The eggs were averagely greasy. The same day we were there, we ran into people we knew who were also trying it for the first time. They came away from the experience roughly the same way we did, but they did later mention their stomach was cramping from the food/grease. 
Bobs is not without it's charm. It's an old diner car, which is how diners came about. But that also means there is limited space and can feel kind of cramped. The service can be charming and it is definitely a place you go if you want to be remembered quickly as a regular. The sweet and hilariously adorable chatty cashier is quite memorable. But that's what you go to Bobs for--not for the food.I ordered my food, waited 30 minutes, and watched two families come in after me and finish their meals before I gave up and left hungry. I would call that the worst service possible.I've been going to this diner for years. You can see the cook make the food at the breakfast bar and it's always hot and delicious. The wait staff is very friendly and I would recommend this to anyone who knows what good is.Unlike a lot of classic old diners, the place has homemade food to match. My favorite patty melt, with a hand-formed not frozen burger,  and butter-crisped rye. Although they default to American cheese, you can ask for swiss or cheddar. Great scrapple, cooked thin and crispy like a pancake, wonderful omelets. The waffle was overcooked, but the pancakes are great and the SOS looks tempting. Great service.For many Philadelphia rowers who spend their Saturday mornings on the Schuylkill, the go-to, post-workout, hotspot is Pete's Diner on Fairmount ave. But I know all rowers and most Philadelphians are willing to go the extra mile (or two) for a great meal: I dare them to venture to Bob's Diner on Ridge Ave, where the bacon is thick, the hash-browns are golden brown, and the service is friendly and genuine. If your tired of waiting an hour for that Belgian waffle the Pete's waitress somehow forgets biweekly, head up to Bob's D and give it a try!I think it's one of the last real diners in the Roxborough/Manayunk area. First off it's absolutely adorable. Who wouldn't want to eat in a silver trailer thing?! Secondly, the people that work there are so friendly and you are guaranteed to be called "hun." The prices are very reasonable and the food is what you would expect from a diner. I come from Jersey, land of diners, and I would eat at Bob's any day. I guess the portions are smaller, but I never leave hungry. I would go to Bob's over the Manayunk diner ANY day!
The downsides, however, are that it is a small space and sometimes there is quite a wait. This is especially true on the weekend. The other thing I would change is that they don't take credit/debit. There are a few banks on the street, so it's not too difficult to come by some cash. Someone mentioned that the parking was difficult, but it really isn't all that bad. It's nothing compared to center city. You might have to walk a block or two, but you might need it after a breakfast at Bob's.I can only speak for the breakfast here since I've only been there for that. But I absolutely love it. Coffee, eggs, scrapple, pancakes, french toast, whatever you have is awesome.  The waitresses are also very friendly and have great personalities (as well as the cashier). I drive past quite a few breakfast joints just to go to Bob's. It's your standard diner breakfast but damn is it extra delicious.  
Side note - be prepared to wait a little if you go around 9 or 10 am on the weekend but they usually get you in and out pretty quick.Bob's Diner, in Roxborough. I would've taken a picture of the adorable outside, but that would've been risking my life in the middle of traffic, and I hate being hit by cars. So yes, it's not the most convenient location, though we got lucky with our parking.
It was authentic, though, like a little cafe in a car met one of my favorite, long-menued diners in Jersey.  I originally ordered French toast with bacon, and then I saw it.  The Holy Grail of breakfast meats, in my opinion.  PORK ROLL! I quickly replaced my bacon order, and was soon greeted with a warm plate.  The French toast was so light, it was like a cloud. A cloud I doused in syrup.  The pork roll was the star of the show, though, thick, charred, and salty.  I made quick work of my plate, forking up a combination of French toast and pork roll together in each bite.  It didn't stand a chance.  My partner enjoyed a giant, fluffy chocolate chip pancake that was jammed with enough chocolate to appease any sweet tooth, though not to the point of diabetic coma. 
The waitstaff was friendly and funny, which is why I love sitting at the bar, the prices were very reasonable, and the food was delish.  I'd totally come back again.I've been wanting to check this place out for a while being that it's so close to my house. 
It was a busy Sunday morning and we waited for a good 25 minutes to be seated at a table, it was packed! We all assumed that since it was so packed it was going to be delicious... unfortunately that was not our experience. 
About a minute into us being seated we were asked what we wanted to order, I had no even opened my menu at the point. We asked for a few minutes and that is what we got, 2 minutes. 
We all ordered something different: eggs (sunnyside up) and home fries, western omelette and french toast. We were all underwhelmed by the food. Eggs were slimy, omelette was bland and french toast was a little burned. Home fries were the silver lining on our breakfast meals that day. 
I wouldn't recommend going if this place is out of your way (unlike Minella's in Wayne). Also, it's not worth waiting anything over 5 minutes for a table at this place.The novelty of eating in an old diner located in a cemetery earned this place an extra star. My kids loved it. I had the Mac and Cheesesteak. The side salad worked. Daughter had the cheeseburger deluxe. Fries are the kind w the batter on them. The  service was quite good and the staff is fun. One waitress there once said re the surrounds, "we keep the bad tippers out back. "My go-to for breakfast in rox/Yunk. Great breakfast! Staple in Roxborough for years!  If you see a line don't worry, you can prob score a counter seat.This place was great. Pancakes were perfect (fluffy, buttery), egg salad was good, everything cooked really well. Eric was friendly and responsive. We biked up from center city -- tough but worth it.Bob's is our new favorite weekend breakfast place. Their food is delicious and their service is speedy. They have the best coffee I've ever had at a diner. Their fried pretzels are AMAZING, especially if you're battling a hangover and you want some fried food. 
Plan to arrive earlier than you want to eat, though; on the weekends, there's always a wait. 
Also, Bob's is cash-only.I live within walking distance from this place. If you stick to breakfast food, I think you will get a good generously portioned meal. The pancakes are huge, the home fries are delicious, and the pepper and egg sandwich reminds me of my italian grandmother. The prices are also cheap. I've been here a few times and my husband hates it because it is too dirty for him (i.e. black mold on the curtains and menus). My mother didn't complain but she got a meatball sandwich and the meatballs were literally inedible hard as hockey pucks. The service is good with plenty of coffee refills and fairly fast service.