Place is dirty and not at all what it's web site promotes! Literally take out counter service! Our family could not sit together due to a broken chair and scattered seating! Most people that came in left mad due to the wait of getting their food! Not worth the trip! If I was Bobby Flay I would be mortified! Oh and as we were eatinh a homeless guy came to my husband begging for his food! Then sat with a family begging for food! The manager knew him by name , I'm guessing he was a regular!!I didn't get a burger here.
I KNOW, who goes to a burger palace and doesn't get a burger? Well, I was getting dinner later. (Please see my Don Memo review.)
I ordered fries, because my friend who was with me said they were SUPER amazing or something. They were decent fries and the fry sauce was interesting, but I wasn't as blown away by them as I thought I would've been. Should've gotten onion rings, I always looooove onion rings.
I don't know what burger my friend got, but he polished it off pretty quickly. I like that you can get chips in your burgers because I love having some crunch in my sandwiches. I will definitely have to try one the next time I stop by.
I will also try a shake, because I hear those are good also.
Is it true that the people who work the tables are called NINJAS? If so, that's pretty awesome.
Mmm, so since I didn't get to experience what makes BBP really special, I can't give it more than just a satisfactory review. Nothing made me upset, but nothing made me extraordinarily happy about my fries and the establishment. The decor is pretty fun, though, so it's a nice place to just chill with friends over burgers and shakes.
Will definitely make a note to visit again. I hope I will be able to upgrade this review after I do!Great variety of sauces and toppings to make a delicious burger; fun and comfortable restaurant atmosphere as well. Love this placeCharles the manager was very friendly and accommodating. Extremely courteous. 
The burger was hot and tasty and fresh French fries.I am on a constant quest to find the ultimate burger.  I am talking about perfect meat, perfect bun, perfect toppings.  Sadly, my quest is not ending at Bobby's.  However, this is a pretty solid burger joint.
When entering BBP, the interior is pretty cool.  It has a giant bar that loops around in front of the kitchen, and then a bunch of high tables along the perimeter.  When we visited, there was no wait to order our food (despite it being one of the first Saturdays that school was in session).  When we sat down, our burgers came out pretty quickly.  Service, from my experience, is pretty good here.
The burger itself was good but not earthshattering.  I think people mostly come here for the funky toppings (like the crunchified burger with potato chips) and spiked milkshakes.  The meat and bun was just average.  I got the Dallas burger, which had monterey jack cheese, BBQ sauce, pickles, and coleslaw.  To be honest, it was a little bit too much and I had a tummy ache later in the day :/  Not your fault, BBP, I should have known by the description that it was going to be alot going on under the bun.
I would definitely come back and maybe just try the crunchified burger and get one of those spiked milkshakes.I have no problem with the flavor of the food here.  It tastes great each time I come. 
Two things keep this from being a 5 star review for me though.  The rotating Burger of the Month keeps things interesting, but (unless I'm overlooking something or out of the loop) you can't build your own. I am used to more choices and being able to customize. The burger selections seem pretty nice, but there's only one that's anything like what I would order if I got to choose the toppings.  
Since the one I always order is damn delicious, I might still rate five stars except for my other issue.  Whenever I order to carry out, the service staff can never coordinate and get the food to me when it's done.  It sits in the window for a while with everyone peeking at it from time to time, then when I ask how much longer, I find out it's the same bag I've been staring at for 10 minutes. 
I don't understand why they don't call out the order when it's ready (if ordered in store) or why the order isn't brought up when it's paid for (if ordered over the phone). This has happened to me every time I've decided to do carry out, regardless of how busy the dining room appears to be & I've seen others experience the unnecessary wait as well. It's not that hard to ask the people who are not dining in what the name of their order is, just to check. Everywhere else seems to be able to do it.Overrated. Seriously Bobby Flay owns this place? Could have fooled me with their pre-made, frozen onion rings and mediocre burgers. Granted, I did not try their onion rings but I sat directly in front of their open kitchen and witnessed the cooks opening boxes labeled "onion rings." 
Hmmm...really Bobby? Am I asking for much? Given your reputation, I would've thought your restaurants made everything fresh to order even if it was a casual burger joint. 
Burgers were not memorable. A good burger doesn't need to be complemented by a million sauces, but all I remember was pouring loads of their assorted sauces to compensate for the lack of taste. Sweet potato fries were decent but again, not memorable. 
I do remember liking the decor of the restaurant-very vibrant and hip.
Still, I'd rather eat at Five Guys and still have money left over for dessert.Hype? Maybe. I ordered a Classic with American medium well. In retrospect - I should have tried it medium. The burger was on the dry side and although it was tasty and properly cooked, it lacked texture. 
I blame the patty itself. After the fancy decor, long line and multiple assurances that this would be the best burger I would ever have, I didn't expect a pre-shaped patty. 
I enjoy the ritual of the condiments almost as much as the burger itself.
I really like a hamburger topped with lettuce, tomato and onion w/ my own at the table mix of mayo and yellow mustard. There was a good sized slice of tomato and onion. The lettuce was puny, resembling endive. I did ask for more lettuce and got an identical piece to supplement it. The condiments were good - just not enough lettuce.
My daughter had grilled cheese  - which was served charred pretty near black. The charred side served face down. She ate it without complaint and enjoyed it. She's 5. 
Fries were good. They were served warm, not hot. Not enough big fries, lots of the dregs of the fryer fries. Luck of the draw, some people like that. I ate them all. Like that dipping sauce. 
Over all I don't think this burger met my expectations. I find the best place to get a burger is at your favorite tried and tested local pub or diner.I really tend to be anti-Bobby Flay because I dislike his TV persona, but I love the burgers here.
I have tried two different styles, the Santa Fe and the Dallas, both very very good.  Both times the burgers were cooked to a perfect medium (which is hard to find these days).  Between the two I would recommend the Santa Fe over the Dallas, but I don't think you could go wrong here.  Both the sweet potato, and regular fries are quite good.  The prices for the food are reasonable, but not cheap (although the beer is an OK deal).
Bottom line, if you are in University City and hungry for a burger, you should definitely go here.Nom Nom Nom! Today I ventured down a few blocks to Bobby's Burger Palace. I am SO glad I did! I got the Napa Burger (a delightful blend of amazing beef, watercress, goat cheese, and lemon honey mustard dressing). The bun was delicious and fluffy and the burger had an amazing array of flavors. Add goat cheese to anything and it instantly becomes delicious.
I also got their sweet potato fries and side honey mustard horseradish dressing (eeeks! making this at home asap). They gave me a generous serving and they were absolutely crispy beyond belief, but then deliciously fluffy on the inside.
I had to give BBP 4 stars because, as a to-go customer, there isn't a great place to wait for your order. However I will definitely be going back and hopefully can convince myself to stray from this amazing burger and try his other creations. Yummy!If you're looking for a quick, filling bite when in West Philly, this is one of the best places for you - especially for a University student. This place is located in-between a 'green food' restaurant and a Chipotle... And while the green food sounds interesting (I'll be trying it the next time I'm in Philly), I encourage anyone stuck between the Chipotle and Burgers to walk the road less traveled. Its burgers are not the type displayed in Burger King or White Castle, and actually taste genuine - white bread, a square of juicy meat, and any of a list of toppings. Even better yet, you're given the option between beef, turkey, and (I believe) pork, and moreover the rarity of the meat. 
The restaurant also has an smooth ambience, similar to that of a jazzy cafe... But the music was very quiet, unnoticeable even. The people inside were spread around nicely through the seats, leaving room for newcomers. The lighting within was dimmed but smooth, and the room was bright with the sunlight streaming in from the glass entrance.
There would be two flaws from making this my own food 'palace'. One is the price. Each burger is almost $9, and that does not include a side or a drink. Water and soft drinks are both $2, a little on the pricey side. Then again, it may be a great price for others, especially in the city. The other fault I find with the restaurant is with the meat. The first bites of my beef burger were wonderful... But the grease and oil on the meat, dripping a puddle onto the plate were not quite appealing.Had burgers there last Saturday night with my hubby.
It was excellent. Highly recommend the place. Nice service too!I won't lie, it's a decent quality burger. The meat is juicy, the bread is fluffy, and the vegetables are fresh. However, it's way overpriced and about the size of a big-mac. Frankly, it's not too creative either. Pretty basic sauces/dressings on a well made burger. Furthermore, you'll spend well over 15 dollars if you want to get a milkshake, fries along with your burger. The most egregious part of the the menu is definitely the onion rings though. You'll pay approximately a dollar per onion ring. Seriously. 
TLDR: Walk 5 minutes to Copabanana, get a much better burger with sides that don't cost an arm and a leg.I ordered Avocado Relish.... It wasn't as good as i expected, maybe b/c I didn't eat fresh, I took it home. And the burger size was pretty small comparing to the price.Been awhile since returned, due for one. My dining partner was not only a Bobby Flay-virgin, they had no idea who he was, or anything else.got there about 6:30pm, found parking right away, there was a line, I ended up with Bobby Bleu burger, omitted bleu cheese for American. I wanted my Burger med well, looked med. rare, but I wasn't disappointed, since it was juicy I had a shake with sweet pot. fries to accompany them. My dining partner likes theirs, found it to be good choice. All in all, my experience here left me we great impression, our waiter had GREAT personality & attitude, definitely a plus working there. Most of the employees were . Guess they make sure all of them have good sense of pride, personable & positive -that work there!! I was impressed.Nice atmosphere and decor.  Staff is, in general, friendly - with the occasional flippant attitude (but then again, this isn't Bouley).
I go all out turkey, and so I'm always on the hunt for a good turkey burger.  This place has that, but it's just that - good, not great, awesome, or fantastic.   It's a bit pricey given the portion size (or maybe I just eat a lot?), but I guess Flay's name demands a premium.   
Be warn, turkey lovers, this place takes ~10-15 minutes to cook your burgers, so don't expect this to be a quickie stop.
Also, try the sweet potato fries!  They're good!Good but not great. Ordered the Chicago burger. Five Guys is waay better!After a looooooooong afternoon of house hunting, T and I wanted nothing more than to stuff our faces. Quickly. We got to BBP at just the right time, no line. By the time we placed our order (with the very nice cashier) and took a seat at the counter, the line was almost out the door. 
It took about 5-10 minutes for our burgers to arrive which sucked since we were so hungry but on an ordinary day, this would have been no matter. I ordered the dark chocolate milkshake which was the first item to arrive, soon followed by my order of French fries. This combination of foods is right up there with chocolate and peanut butter. The shake was think and rich, the fries were salty and crunchy and served with a tangy dipping sauce. Yum. Then my Crunchburger arrived. Solo. Apparently our waitress had given T's order away to another patron. If he was writing this review I have a feeling it would be two-three stars. :) However, my burger was cooked to perfection. The potato chips were salty and crunchy, the burger was cheesy and juicy. Delish. It really hit the spot. 
When T's burger finally did arrive he said it was just okay. He had the Santa Fe Burger with queso, jalapenos and blue corn chips. We didn't see any evidence of blue corn chips. I think he was disappointed with his order. He had a bite of my mine and proclaimed it much better. He also had the onion rings which I didn't think were as good as the fries but that's just my personal opinion.
Me? I thought Bobby's was awesome. T? I don't think he's raring to go back. :)The burgers and fries here are good, as are the spiked milkshakes but unfortunately the portions are a little on the small side, especially with respect to what you're paying. I understand that a restaurant has to turn a profit and that quality costs money, but I was on the verge of walking out of here hungry. A slightly bigger portion, even on something cheaper like the fries would have netted another star.
Also a slight hiccup in service. Friend and I ordered together, both medium burgers. Mine came out in awesome time. His, not so much. Took probably ten minutes after mine had arrived for him to get his. Again, one star there.
Overall not a bad experience. Not thrilling, but not bad.Rude Service. Bad Service. Bobby's Burger Palace has gone down in service. Don't go to the one in University City / West Philly. 
I have been going to Bobby's Burger Palace since the time they have opened and I used to love it there not just for the burgers but really the service was absolutely great!! I even had my birthday there! 
But much of the staff and management has changed however and what was once great service and a smile on your face. Is anything but that. 
Starting today I will no longer go there again. Not only have the burgers gone down in quality but more importantly the service has suffered and it is really bad service in West Philadelphia. We were treated so rudely on our most recent visit.
I was at the register ready to pay for my burger and my friend had sat down ahead of me. She was told she could not sit down because she did not pay for her burger. She pointed to me to show the waitstaff that I was at the register ready to pay for our burgers. The waitstaff told her that she could not sit there. Then a second waitstaff person came by and told her to leave. 
Not a please. Not a "I'm sorry". No consideration for me being at the register ready to pay for my burger. Not even a "I'm sorry this is our policy" but you can not sit down before you purchase your food even if you are seconds away from paying your meal. Nothing like that. 
Or even letting it slide this one time. In literally minutes I would have sat down beside her and it would have been a non-issue. Seriously, if I wanted rude fast food service. I'd go to McDonalds just down the corner on 40th. 
I have been going to Bobby's Burger Palace and work and live in University City and like I have said I have been a great supporter for this restaurant but the wait staff change over and the service even before this incident has really gown down. Wrong food being delivered, long waiting times, and apathetic service have permeated my recent visits but I have never, ever experienced this- such flat out rudeness. 
I called the manager today in the hopes of making an attempt to bring these concerns to the table and when I talked to the manager on the phone there was not even a "I'm sorry that happened to you last night". It was simply "that's our policy" and she began to interrupt me and cut me off becoming defensive and rude. I only calmed her down after I explained to her that she was being rude.
I have worked in the service industry and food industry for years and I was always take with me the Nordstrom philosophy to treat the customer with respect and to be professional and courteous. And to acknowledge the issue at hand and to resolve it with good customer service.
The West Philadelphia Bobby's Burger Palace is really a disappointment in quality of service. Not just bad service but flat out rude. I would never come back there again. I am not one to go off the handle and just flat out diss a restaurant but this is my honest assessment of what I and my friend experienced. 
Because of lack of professionalism and rude service, I do not recommend going to the University City Bobby's Burger Palace. I hope it changes but clearly if the manager was rude to me it is an indicator of the culture of the staff and management- rudeness permeates. 
So if you eat a burger be prepared for East Coast, Philadelphia, West Philly rudeness because that's surely what you'll get if you sit down minutes before paying for your burger in a partially empty restaurant.Bobby's Burger Palace has an amazing staff. They are courteous, helpful and always willing to modify your order to your exact specifications. It also has a wide array of delicious sauces, I recommend the chipotle ketchup (has a bit of a kick) and the burger sauce (sort of like bbq sauce but better). They make really good medium burgers, nice and juicy. BUT their burgers have no flavor! It's crazy considering it costs at least 7 bucks but it's so boring. The bun is very chewy too. The milkshakes are really good, I personally love the coffee. It's very smooth and easy to drink thru a straw.A little pricey but the service was great and the food was good. I got the burger of the month (Greektown) with fries and my friend got the classic burger with a shake. The shake was great. I would definitely come backMaybe, just maybe a New Mexico burger should be made with New Mexico green chile. DisappointingService starts with a smile couldn't be more true for Jermaine who took our order, great start to a great lunch. Brunch burger and Dallas burger were perfect but overall it's hard for me to give this place five stars because it's not the best in the city. The vanilla caramel shake was a great break from norm and I will be getting another one on my return trip.Yeah, this place rules. I'm not always in the mood for it... but when I'm in the mood for a good burger, I could almost always go for Bobby's.
Tried almost every burger on their menu (gluttonous, I know) and some rate much higher than others, but they are all pretty darn good.
Not as greasy or heavy feeling as some of the other burger-joint models, and a lot more options if you want a different burger. A consistent burger that doesn't fall apart and from my experience is rarely over or under-cooked... in other words, I think they might actually train their cooks how to cook a burger. The sweet potato fries are awesome, regular fries are good too, and there are a plethora of different sauces to try for dipping/topping.
Also... get it Crunchified. You won't regret it.I'll get my complaints in first: 
My burger which ordered medium rare was actually probably still breathing.  Yuck. 
Other than that the sweet potato fries were tasty.
The best and only redeeming part of this place was the milkshake. The Black & White is what I will hands down recommend to anybody.
I may just come back for the milkshake.I was thoroughly disappointed after attending Bobby's Burger Palace. I am a pretty big Bobby Flay fan, often takes lot of his grilling tips and utilize them and I guess I was expecting to much. 
First off the location all the way on 40th street, so living in Old City, it was a pain in the ass to get out there. When I arrived I was surprised by the lack of burger options available. Knowing this is a Bobby Flay restaurant I was expecting a lot of options, bacon, chipotle sauce etc... Sadly the options were limited. 
I ordered my burger medium well and received a burger that was really undercooked. The burger was also not very large and left me hungry afterwards. I also ordered french fries that were nothing special. The one bright spot was the batch of onion rings I split with a friends that were surprisingly good due to the ridiculous amount of salt on them. 
I have tried many of the burger spots in Philly and was disappointed with Bobby Flay's. Your better off hitting up Good Dog or 500 Degrees. I'd even put a place like Five Guys or FudRuckers above the burgers here. 
Bobby.... I am disappointed...Not the best burger I've ever had but the onion rings are amazing. If you're stuck between fries or rings... Trust me ... Rings. I had the napa burger. Was delicious however a bit under cooked and a mouthful of goat cheese is a win!Dinner was only OK. Went with my GF, we each got a burger and split a shake and fries. That plus sodas was $30. I ate everything, she took half her burger home.
The burgers were good, but only because of all of the toppings, not really because the actual patty was so well made, you know what I mean? It was kinda gimmick-y. 
We got a black and white milkshake, which was really tasty, but kinda small for the $5 ticket price. BUT the fries were great. We both agreed the fries and fry sauce were the best part. 
Next time we want a burger, we are probably going to try somewhere else, Although I kinda want to try the burger salad, where you can put any of the burgers on a bed of greens - seems appealing especially 'cause the buns were nothing to write home about.As much as enjoy devouring slabs of red meat, I have to admit that I'll rarely rave about a burger.  For whatever reason most places just serve 'meh' on a bun and call it good, but BBP is an exception.
The ordering process, as others have mentioned is...awkward, to say the least, but once you've decided and made your way to your seat it gets better.  The decor is pretty slick with a retro feel and the seating is arranged to encourage folks to sit and have a meal with strangers (large tables in smaller numbers).
I ordered the bacon and blue cheese burger, crunchified (mmm potato chips on top of bacon on top of cheese on top of meat) and we split an order of fries with the chipotle ketchup.  I'm drooling a little bit thinking about it now.
The sauces at the table were just alright, there were maybe 1-2 that I would try again but probably just to change things up with the fries.  The burger was very juicy and gooey and everything just came together really well for a calorie-tastic experience.  Definitely going back next time I'm in Philly, or at least adding it to my short list.Alas, where to begin with all of the problems with BBP. I'll start at the beginning. It's 2015 people. An upscale burger joint that doesn't have a vegetarian burger option is an absolute disgrace. Then there's the incompetent service. In a virtually empty restaurant, it took 20 minutes for food to come. And sitting at the endless counter, we saw half our order getting cold on the shelf while the rest of it was being cooked. Sorry, but an Iron Chef's restaurant shouldn't have expediting problems. Frankly the experience wasn't much better than McDonald's (except for the milkshakes - they were great). Won't be going back.I was looking for a place close to the movie theater to eat and ended up choosing the Burger Palace on Bobby's name alone. I fully expected it to be way more expensive than it was when I walked in, so seeing the prices on the wall lower than my expectations was the first good sign.
I'd just started dieting when I was visiting, so I had a little anxiety about whether or not I'd be able to stick to it. They have an option where you can get any burger on a bed of green salad with a light balsamic dressing, which is what I opted for (with the Turkey cheeseburger). This was quite possibly one of the best turkey burgers I've had in a really, really long time. The salad was good and the dressing didn't even appear to really be on there, til you actually take a bite. It was refreshingly light.
The staff was really helpful and I enjoyed the environment as well.
Can't wait to visit again!I am by no means a hamburger expert, or eat them often. But every once in a while I'm in the mood for a hamburger, usually just go with a trusty five guys burgers and fries. But saw that this place was opening up, i decided my boyfriend and I should try it out, we went for dinner one night, there was no problem getting a place to sit. 
I loved the sweet potato fries, i got an LA burger, it was also very good, I really enjoyed it, I love avocados and they went great with the burger, it was cooked well, the bun was good, not too doughy, and I got a chocolate milkshake, which was good, but then again, when can you have a bad chocolate milkshake. I was not able to eat all of that food, I believe it was the milkshake that I had while waiting for our order. 
If I'm in the mood for a burger and dont want to go far I'll stick to five guys, much closer to me, if I'm in the mood for a burger with a little something on top then Bobby's Burger Palace it is, 
I did order take out once from there during lunch time, and it looked like every seat was taken, so I was glad I was getting it to go.Does anyone else think the turkey burgers are going downhill? They used to be juicy & subtly seasoned, and now they taste a bit charred and bland.  Still love the goat cheese and the milkshakes, though.Just got finished eating.
Firstly, I ordered the bobbys blue bacon burger and I got it to go. They had everything individually packaged which was nice. I also got cheese fries.
The burger:
Wow. It had SO MUCH white cheese sauce in the box and on it, my bottom bun was completely soaked and mushy. It also tasted like someone spilled the salt and pepper shaker on my burger. It was a struggle to get through it but I was so hungry I didnt want it to go to waste. 
I felt so gross after the burger I had about 2 bites of fries and through the rest out.
Update: Its been a few hours and I got pretty sick. So stay away from here! 
I will not be back here ever. What a waste of $15I feel bad giving this place 3 stars, but 4 would be over doing it! Ultimately, the food is mediocre for the price they charge, and atmosphere and service is only "A-OK" too. 
FOOD: 3/5
Burgers are in my opinion pretty delicious and interestingly named. I always ask mine to be crunchified (when they add potato chips into your burgers)! It's an interesting texture and taste, and you mind as well add more calories since you're already splurging. I'm a huge fan of the Napa Valley Burger (for the goat cheese) and L.A. Burger (gotta represent my hometown! but actually more for the avocado paste). Price-wise? Wow, my poor poor wallet and health for a burger + fries + milkshake. It's always $15+ for my meal... In-N-Out back home offers this for less than $10 and is equally delicious; Copa on campus offers half off every Wednesday! So make that day for you to eat unhealthy and you'll save too. 
SERVICE: 4/5
Fairly speedy, pretty normal service and friendly staff. Tables are left unclean for a while sometimes so that's a bit of a bother. They offer a BBP card where you get a % discount (not sure how much), but I would stay away from getting it; otherwise, I guarantee you an empty checking account and an 15 lbs gain by the end of the year. 
AMBIANCE: 3/5
Sometimes, the place feels like a dining hall to me. Always crowded and sometimes difficult to find a place to sit down. 
TLDR: Tasty burgers but not worth the price. McDonald's is a couple doors down, and Copa is two blocks away and has half-off burgers every Wednesday before 5pm!Delicious! Their burgers all represent a different geographic location. You must try one of their spiked shakes and their crunch burger that is stuffed with potato chips. Their sweet potato fries are amazing!This place is definitely a place I would visit more often if given the chance.
The burger selections are pretty good, I usually get the one with bleu cheese crumbs w/ bacon. The burger patty is so juicy and it pretty much melts in your mouth.  They also have onion rings and french fries in a mini pail along with their different kinds of sauces to dip it in which are all pretty good imo. It also comes with a pickle.
They have a lot of options most I think are pretty decent. Also their service is relatively quick.i love burgers and milkshakes. as long as you serve them up to me and they taste delicious, you are guaranteed a 4 star review! 
what BBP does right is allowing the counter ordering style, but then they have someone deliver your food to you.  smart, because you dont want to be walking around to get your burger, it would burn wayyyy too many calories. 
the decor is lovely, and my eyes were constantly moving around looking at the cool materials in the space.  my milkshake was delicious, could have been a little bigger but i digress.   the burger was cooked to perfection and i crunchified it (added potato chips) which sounds so simple yet, is sooooooo good.  also got sweet potato fries, which were amazing and i didnt want to share (didnt really care for the sauce tho). they did have various sauces on the table, which someone came over to explain to us what each one tasted like. the little details really make a lasting impression.
will definitely be back as the price was right and the style was perfect for University city. oh yeah and because it was DELICIOUSI will start by saying that I strongly dislike Bobby Flay. He seems like a cocky jerk and ever since he disrespected the Iron Chef by jumping on his table I just can't get behind him on a personal level. That said, I am a fan of his burger palace.
The concept is refreshingly simple but offers plenty of unique options. The sweet potato fries are great and the medley of sauces is lots of fun to sample with fries, burger and fingers alike. The milkshake options looked amazing (add a shot of Kaluah?), though I maintained my willpower and chose to stare at other people's fatty ice blends rather than eat one myself. 
As for the burgers, the L.A. burger (with a turkey patty) is delish and I will have to be go back to systematically try them all. Luckily for my waistline, the closest one is more than 1500 miles away :)Me and my boyfriend went around 8pm on a Friday it was pretty busy but I must say we got our food quick!
I ordered the Palace Classic with Avocado Relish and a side of fries. It was delicious. If you're a fan of avocado like I am, try the relish! It was a simple burger, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and red onion. I like really simple classic burgers and it was perfect. My boyfriend had the Bobby blue (blue cheese,bacon,lettuce,tomato) they put solid blue cheese on the burger and also blue cheese dressing on the side which was interesting. I'm not a fan so I didn't try it but he loved it. overall everything tasted fresh and oh my god i was so full! 
Okay, 1 negative thing. The fries were very salty and not fresh at all. I just wasn't a fan but maybe it was just the day...
Loved the atmosphere, very warm interior colors with captivating images of X-ray veggies on the walls that I couldn't stop staring at lolI was in town for the week in University City, and we made it a point to visit Bobby Flay's restaurant. My friend asked the cashier if Bobby Flay ever comes to visit, and he said that he had actually just come by the previous week.
Bobby's Burger Palace is fast casual - you order and pay for your food at the counter, and bring a number back to your table. I believe that the appeal of this place is the inventive burger combinations on the menu, moreso than the quality of the burger itself. You can also order any burger "crunchified," i.e. with potato chips, but I wasn't tempted to try it.
I had the Dallas burger, medium, and a blueberry-pomegranate milkshake, and shared sweet potato fries and onion rings with friends. The Dallas comes with coleslaw, barbeque sauce, and monterey jack cheese. I thought it was OK, but nothing extraordinary. On the small side, really, and extremely messy to eat (make use of those napkins on the table!). My milkshake, however, was delicious! Best part of my visit here.
Hip and trendy space. Aside from my milkshake, I actually enjoyed the ambiance more than I enjoyed the food. Service was friendly and efficient. If I had to judge based on my Dallas burger, I think we have better burgers in Los Angeles, though.I'm a huge Bobby Flay fan.  Replicating his awesome recipes make me look like a better cook than I really am.  And I think he's more passionate about food than most of his celebrity chefs brethren.
I'm totally on board with the fast casual, lower price point BBB concept but it just didn't grab me the way I thought it would.
Service was fine.  Vanilla milkshake was well above average.  The fries?  I really don't remember them, honestly, which means I guess I didn't hate them.  Now, the burger...
I went "no frills" on my visit - the Palace Classic.  First, as someone who came up on the mean streets of Central PA, I give Chef Flay big ups for using a soft and spongy, sesame-seeded Martin's bun, a far better choice for a burger than any kaiser roll.  Burger itself was moist and tasty.  And, in keeping with my "no frills" approach, I didn't have it crunchified (wait, how do I type the little TM sign thingy) ;) because I really don't see how it adds to the burger experience.
In all honesty, I'd only come back if Chef were making an appearance so he can sign my copy of "Boy Meets Grill".It was good. Nothing special in the works of burgers. The only complaint was it was a little too salty for us.I had found BBP a few months ago and really enjoyed it so I decided to come again and try a different burger. The food is good unfortunately the service isn't just as good, the first time I came there were a lot more people in BBP and I got my food within 15 minutes, so I thought seeing a smaller crowd today it would be the same. I ordered a Dallas burger with no coleslaw and a vanilla milkshake, I waited 35 minutes to get my burger, it wasn't until I stood up at the food counter to see what was taking so long that my order was finally cooked. Other than time wise, I would say a little bigger milkshake would be nice for $5.25 it wouldn't hurt. Which by the time I received my food was just milk.I was really disappointed by my burger today. I got my favorite -- the Buffalo Blue, which has Red Hot sauce and bleu cheese crumbles melted on top. The burger itself was well cooked, but they put literally a CUP of cheese on top of my burger. I couldn't even find the meat under all of the cheese. Once I took 3/4 of the cheese off, it was fine, but my lord. Why!?The buns are exactly the same buns from my high school cafeteria back in the day . 
The patty however are better than the buns but still flavorless and dry . 
Onion ring are breaded heavily, the only good thing i guess is the sweet potato fries and the chipotle ketchup?I love the blueberry shake!!! I always just go in here for the shakes and just the shakes. I think the burgers are okay but the fries are delicious. I haven't tried the potato burger yet but it looks delicious.This place is consistently delicious! I've been there many times and have never had a bad meal!
I do have to say that I'm not a fan of the ordering system, but that's just me. There's usually a line and you'll probably have to snatch the nearest table even if it means getting into a fistfight over it.
You also should be aware that the burgers come out medium rare. While I enjoy my burgers this way, some don't so keep that in mind.
Also, the margueritas are pretty fantastic!This place sucks. I would not come back here again... ever. The fries were terrible... small ass pieces of fries and the sauces were watered down. I ordered a veggie burger which came out burnt, as I was waiting for my remake the manager came up to me and said they made the last veggie burger so I ordered a cheese burger which came out with no lettuce tomato or pickles just meat and cheese and a stale bun. HorrificService was terrible. Wait time was over 40 minutes for two bugers. People were coming back because their orders were wrong. Workers were taking trips to the soda machines for personal refills. By the looks of it it looked like they were over staffed but wait time is unacceptable especially when give an estimate wait time of 20 minutes. Never going to this chain again.Being a big fan of Bobby Flay, we wanted to come and try the food. As mentioned, the burgers are smaller than you would expect. My husband got the Miami burger and said it was pretty plain. I had the Dallas burger, because coleslaw on a burger cannot be passed up. It was fine, but I don't think I could go back and justify the price.
While the burgers were fine, the extras were all pretty fantastic! The onions rings were huge and so crispy and delicious and the quantity was surprising for the price. Same goes for the fries. The sauces were all very good with complicated flavored combining together. The burger sauce was unexpected! And I'm not normally a milk shake girl, but the black and white chocolate and vanilla combo was amazing! You could taste the vanilla bean and the big straw is a nice touch! I'm not sure if $5 is a fair price, though.
And now let's get to the service! We brought our 2 small kids and the waitress took a liking to our little girl and was so sweet and brought us an extra chocolate milk for them to share. Made with real chocolate mixed in the milk! Not just some store bought gallon in the fridge or a small carton. Based on service, I would have given it 5 stars. But the food was just so-so, which was a disappointment. I may go back just for the fries and onion rings sometime.After hearing my friend rave about this place, I knew I had to stop in on my visit. For a college town burger bar, Bobby's Burger Palace is a notch above the typical hole in the wall. The burgers are decent if not overwhelming and the decor is trendy, if a little generic. 
Where this place really shines though is its sauces. The Burger Sauce is tangy and tart, the chipotle ketchup has just the right kick and the jalapeño hot sauce is spicy without being overwhelming. 
Overall, this place is decent, but didn't live up to my expectations considering the hype.I love that their kitchen is set up in a way that let's you watch all the cooks laughing and talking while they're making your food. They are incredibly slow and the workers seem miserable. Their food is good but I almost always end up with a horrible stomachache afterwardsDear Bobby's,
Please consider different buns to compliment individual burgers. 
Signed, Caroline
Stopped by Bobby's with the boyfriend for a bite to eat not too long ago and have been meaning to write a review.. I ordered the napa valley burger w/ ground turkey, very interesting indeed. The flavors worked great together and I really liked the utilization of goat cheese. I just wish there were different buns, Bobby's appears to serve all burgers on the same seeded plain bun. Boring and doughy, I almost went bunless but would have lost all of the yummy lemon honey mustard. We also split an order of sweet potato fries - a must order - and a black and white shake - overpriced and under stimulating. 3/5 stars for Bobby, I've had better but I've for sure had worse.What to say about this place...well, the burger's better than your ordinary run of the mill fast food joint for sure, but not so good as a well put together "restaurant" burger.  So it's a pretty good burger, but nothing to write home about.  
The good thing about Bobby's is that the menu offers quite a bit in terms of variety.  You've got the LA Burger with avocado relish (pretty good by the way, especially if, like me, you love avocado), the Dallas Burger with BBQ sauce, and the Napa Valley Burger with fresh goat cheese.  They're all excellent, and I'll usually order a side of fries or onion rings.  I love the way they do the fries here--nice and crispy...my favorite.  
I do wish that they were a little less heavy on the salt here though.  It's noticeably salty here, unnecessarily so I think.I came in and got a crunch salad, it was drenched in dressing. The combo of Romaine, tomatoes, beans,  olives, click peas, cheese cubes and tortilla chips was a weird combo to me. Maybe I should have gotten a burger but would hope the burger isn't as confusing as this salad.Emailed on 1/13/2017 @ 625pm
Good evening my name is Corenia and I am actually currently in your University City location in Philadelphia. The purpose of my communication is to inquire about your company's expectations regarding customers names. I work in the customer service field so I am very particular about certain things specifically the  respect around both the pronunciation of my name and the spelling. The cashier Bud was very pleasant and exuded great energy but when he asked me my name and I attempted to spell it for him he found it more appropriate to disregard my efforts and spell it the way he thought was best. His exact words were " I'm going to go with a K and they can figure it out". Considering how reputable this restaurant is I would hope that customer treatment is something you take seriously however if it isn't that would be unfortunate. I'm sure "Bud" didn't mean any harm but I found it offensive because people mispronounce and spell my name wrong all the time but never have I had someone dismiss my attempt to correct them. I find that to be both rude and disrespectful. I am not seeking any type of compensation but rather just an acknowledgment of your employees behavior. 
Regards, 
Corenia White 
Company's immediate response on the same day @6:53 pm (I'm assuming he didn't mean to cc me on his email to Mike) 
Hey, Mike. Could you reach out and issue an apology? Let's just get back to her quickly and keep her off Yelp. I don't see a huge need to offer free food in this case, but I'll leave that up to you. 
Thanks!
Andrew Miller
Bobby's Burger Palace
Community Manager 
#FLAYFORALL
Mikes response on 1/14 @ 11:22pm
Hello Corenia,
My name is Mike Joy. I just received your Customer service email to review and I wanted to thank you for taking the time on your busy day to send us your feed back. I would also like to apologize to you for not meeting your expectations during your recent visit to our Philadelphia location. I was disappointed to read the cashier  did not spell or pronounce your name correctly or by his response. We take great pride in our customer service and are embarrassed that we missed the mark with your experience at BBP. 
As hospitality professionals, it is our goal to exceed each and every guests expectation. Obviously we failed in accomplishing our goal with your experience. We do realize that the expectation level of our guest is heightened and when we disappoint any guest, it is taken very serious and immediately addressed. I assure you that I will be sharing your feedback with the management team in Philadelphia, and working with the managers on retraining the staff on customer service.
Corenia, I would like to invite you back at a time of your choice to have a meal on us. You clearly did not get us at our best and that will not be the case again. Please contact me at (215)387-0378, so that we may know when to expect you.
Thank you,
To Andrew and Mike, expect a call from me sooner than later. Thank you for your time.Disappointed is the way I'd sum it up. Got the burger of the Month, Canadian burger (Canadian bacon, white cheddar, maple mustard) ordered medium.  Came out gray and dry.  Redeeming factor, plenty of cheese.  Won't go again, burger alone $9.00.This was my second time coming to bobby's burger palace and i love it the brunch burger is awesome (which is my favorite burger from here) the place is nice and clean and the service is great everyone was very nice and very helpful I definitely will be coming back a lot more often. Oh and there fry sauce is fantastic I'm addicted to it lolAte here twice in a week and both times they completely screwed up. Even though they fixed the issue, they lack attention to detail and they seem confused trying to get the orders out to the tables.Just okay food and service.  I was craving a burger and fries.  I had experienced Bobby's in Cherry Hill; so, it was the first restaurant that crossed my mind.  I don't usually go into the city;however, I thought I'd avoid the Friday night expressway traffic.  Bobby's in the University of Penn area was nearby. I quickly realize that it's better to go a little farther in order to experience great dining.  I tried to make the better of my dining experience; therefore, I sat outside! There were two open tables, great!  I thought.  Bad decision.   The table was dirty.  Random people kept sitting down next to me: to rest, talk on their phones and eat McDonald's.   There were no sauces, salt or pepper shakers, silverware to eat my food with or napkins on the table.  The server didn't check on me. I had to ask for the silverware, condiment basket and napkins. My food order was horrible.  The "undecided" (fries and onion rings) had a burnt taste and look.  The bacon on my Bobby blue burger was over cooked.  There was too much cheese sauce on the burger... it over powered the flavor of a medium burger.  What waste!  Totally ruined my experience and craving.  I would not recommend Bobby's in University City on a Friday night.I am certainly not a burger connoisseur, but I think this was the best burger I've had. I love blue cheese, so Bobby's Blue caught my attention right away. I got it "topless" which means it was served on some greens instead of a bun. It was really good! Like others have commented, it comes out more rare than you'd probably expect. My medium rare was definitely a little too rare for my taste.
Ooh, I also stole some of my friend's fries.. they were good but reallly salty. Had to dust off some salt every time I ate a fry to make it edible!If you're gonna charge me 9 dollars, at least fill me up!
My second time at BBP and I ordered the new mexico, medium rare. When my burger came the bun was already soggy, and the burger itself was warm, but not hot, making me think they forgot it on the line for a little while. 
The burger was flavorful, but so freaking small!! They do offer a pickle on the side, but after having just finished eating, I feel almost as hungry as I was when I came in. Of course some people have smaller appetites, so it would be a shame to give a huge burger and have a lot of wastes meat. So, how about bottomless fries with all burger orders? That should fill the left over space in my stomach and leave all customers 100% satisfied. Sounds like a good idea to me.
Being a student with little money and a big appetite,
I probably won't come here again.Best burgers and best service ever! Charles the Manager was AWESOME!  
Get a shake and "crunchify" your burger for the ultimate experience.I was actually a little disappointed by this place.  Burgers were just "eh", although I did enjoy the adult Vanilla Caramel Bourbon milkshake and the fries.  However, the service was pretty impressive, everyone was extremely friendly and attentive.  Now that I think about it, the service was better than the food.You get a 4th star for having cheap Sierra Nevada, and some pretty good shakes.
The burgers are still not my favorite amongst craft burger joints, but they're up there. I find myself just drinking and eating their comically oversized onion rings while my friends gorge themselves.
Also, consistently great service.Wanted to try something new so i came in for a quick bite tonight- and it was exactly that- quick!
I barely had to wait for my burger of the month the "Cheyenne burger" or my cookies and cream milkshake! Both were to die for! 
If you want a new guilty pleasure, come on by to Bobby's Burger Palace and you will not regret it!! If there was anything better than the food, I'd have to say it was the staff who made my next to nothing wait even more of a better experience! Keep up the good work, I'll be back!I always call this place "Bobby's Burger World".  Seems to fit better.  Anywho, I haven't had a burger, but I am in LOVE with the Napa Chicken and the LA Chicken.  Both are delicious.  And the sweet potato fries with horseradish honey mustard dipping sauce are the best I've had.  Good place for lunch or even casual dinner, but don't go if you're in a hurry.  Even if you call ahead, plan to wait at least 10 minutes for your order.  Worth it, if you ask me :)This place is a very solid "4 stars."  The food is great, and a good variety of flavors throughout their menu, but the buns can sometimes come out a little soggy.  Getting your food can also take a while here.  Even if the line to order isn't that long, it can still take a long time to get your food.  Seems like there are a tremendous amount of servers walking around but not really sending out many orders.  (And we almost always have to request silverware after they bring us our food since the server seems to forget).
Their spiked milkshakes are pricey, but absolutely delicious!  Have tried several of the flavors and never been disappointed.
Overall, we keep coming back here, so they must be doing something right!No Vegan options on the menu, unfortunately. When I asked about why they didn't add a veggie burger, their reply was, "Bobby is the King of Meat. We will never offer a veggie burger." Ummm...ok. For meat eaters, the LA Burger is the best. Their sweet potato fries are the best I've ever had.A bit pricey, burgers are really good but pretty small. Overall it was a good experience.Absolutely great! Friendly staff. Quick service. Everything FRESH. Real French fries. Amazing!N and I always saw long lines when we passed by while getting food from Chipotle. We finally made it and we were not disappointed. N was satisfied with his Philly burger but was not a big fan of fries. I liked the fries though and loved my LA turkey burger (with avocado relish). I was so proud of finally eating burger with N.
N and I came back again and I got the same thing. I think N got classic burger but like the Philly burger better.
Nice ambience, good service, well priced - all in all good place.I recently got a bacon crunchburger, fries, and a drink. My burger wasn't anything extraordinary given the cost...but that's the price you pay for fame. I did enjoy the chipotle ketchup though! It was a nice addition to my burger. My biggest issue was my service at the counter. It was my first time and I had one simple question about the menu and I got a tone and eye roll as if I were a bother. It's not like I was holding up the line or anything so it would have been nice to be greeted with some patience given the price I was paying.Great burgers! One of my favorite spots in the city for lunch while at work. A little pricey but if you don't mind paying a little extra for good food, it's worth it.I have always loved the burgers at this place. The meats are good quality and the variety is good. They also have options for non-red meat and vegetarians. HOWEVER, they always get my order wrong. Whether it's over the phone or in-person, I've only gone to this place once when the order was correct and it was when I was alone. That's right, they mistakes carry more weight because they have been when I'm bring food home for multiple people. Bobby, I love your burgers but I want what I order when I order it. I can't say I won't be back but it's definitely dropped on my list and I would not recommend for that reason. Oh well.You know what?  I was really expecting this place to suck.  Everyone talks about it being "overrated" and the consensus is "the burgers are pretty good but nothing special."  But I think this is the foodie (or wanna be foodie) just trying to act too cool for school.
The burgers are great, for a few reasons.
1) great selection of toppings
2) choice of beef, turkey, or chicken (beef=obvious choice, duh).
3) THEY ALWAYS COOK IT THE WAY YOU ORDER IT!!  I can't say enough about this.  The most important thing to me is that my burger comes out mooing, and here this happens.
I've had the Santa Fe Burger, L.A. Burger, Crunchburger, Mulberry Street Burger.  All of them were solid.
The fries kick ass, too.
Bobby, your love for "dipping sauces" (for anyone that watched America's Next Great Restaurant) may piss me off, but you've made a great burger joint.Went for a quick bite before the movies and enjoyed every bit.  The Dallas burger (spice crust, cheese, slaw, barbecue sauce and pickles) was tasty and cooked just as I requested.  The onion rings were wonderful, and the large $4.50 glass of wine was a bargain.  The service was very attentive, and two of us got out for $32 including tip.Always great food and service. There burgers are top notch and unique. Also try the milkshakes!!