Amazing friendly service, approachable atmosphere, and food is so delicious! Try the sweet potatoes and the gnocchi with blue cheese - seriously can't beat this place. Almost don't want to share because it is that good...!This place is awesome! It's what a restaurant should be. Amazing food. Amazing prices. Very lively. Some people were on dates - other people having fun with their friends. Very casual. Friendly staff. It was a great environment & alllll about the food. 
Got the cavatelli, the black & blue salad & the meatballs. The cavatelli and black & blue salad are outstanding.  That salad is out of this world and unique while still remaining a classic. The garlic oil they serve w the knots before dinner is also very unique and ridiculously awesome. I loved the Cavatelli so much that it's a shame bc I don't see myself ever wanting to order anything else. My friend had the lasagna which is huge and cheesy and awesome! I would probably definitely order that also. The portions are HUGE & the prices are low for what you're getting!! BYOB 
Also the restaurant is great about substitutions. My friend asked for bolognase sauce on the lasagna which was a great addition. Do it. 
The hostess is great also - ask her for recommendations she's very passionate about the food there and is really funny/nice. 
. The meatballs are good but a little dry/too beefy. The sauce is good too but on the sweet side so it's something u have to be in the mood for. Probably wouldn't order again.  
The tiramisu is good (good enough to order again/if you're in the mood!) but not the besttttt I've had.Dined here this past Friday night for dinner. The restaurant has a very casual feel to it. The food was delicious! We started with the complimentary garlic oil and garlic knots. What's not to like?
My friends and I split a salad and the fried risotto balls. Two of us ordered the chicken parm (delish) and my other friend ordered the steak which was also delicious. We shared a piece of cheesecake that melted in your mouth.
The portions are huge (that's what she said) :)
Our server Jenni was fantastic!  Accommodating, friendly and efficient!
Bocconcini is also BYOB which I love.
Would definitely recommend!I was so happy with my experience here.  Not only was our food great but our waiting was amazing.  After a weekend of disappointing hotel, salon and restaurant experiences I was over the moon for our waiter.  I wish I got his name!  I had a part of 6 + a toddler.  The way the room was laid out he could not access both sides of our table without going around another table.  He was so great about serving not only the food and drinks we ordered but at one point he picked up the wine we brought from one side of the table, went around the neighboring table and brought it to my mom who had finished her wine.  He was nice and funny and he was always on the look out for anything we needed.  I'm so appreciative for our service at this restaurant and would return again and again.This place is great! We went twice with our 3 month old - once on a busy Friday night and once during the week and both times they sat us right away - stroller and everything!
The pizza is as close as you'll get to a slice of jersey style pizza. No soggy crust here. The pasta dishes and apps we tried were also very good. The delicious and free garlic knots pretty much guaranteed we were going to have leftovers - which we enjoyed the next day.
Overall, great service and experience - will be back many more times.We came here a few times and loved it when our baby was still small enough to keep her in the stroller. Now that she is a toddler we were looking forward to bringing her here and having her sit in a high chair and eat with us. 
Unfortunately, they did not have ANY high chairs and we had to leave. We were really disappointed and very surprised. 
Bocconcini is a little nicer that a pizza joint, but not nice enough where they should be turning away families with small children. 
Yelp says they are good for kids. Don't think so.If I could rate higher than a 5, I would. Bastion, our server, was the absolute best (hello, fellow Austinite!). By the time he was done answering all our questions we were ready to order the entire menu, it all sounded so good. Good thing we had their bread and scrumptious, buttery-soft garlic to tide us over until our dinner was ready.
I can't begin to describe how delectable the main course was, we could NOT contain our satisfaction (kind of like the "I'll have what she's having" scene in When Harry Met Sally). My table all shared a little of each meal to try, and the serving sizes were very kind (we brought home enough leftovers for each of our lunches the next day!). My mouth is watering thinking about it, I can't wait until I visit again 
PS- it is byob, so don't forget the wine ;)Food and service was delightful! Made reservations on a Friday night (and we're glad we did). We arrived to a cosy, pleasant atmosphere and a knowledgable server. He recommended the pizza; we indulged happily. The pizza + garlic knots combo is worth.every.bite. We'll be back!We visited with a group of middle school students after a Philadelphia Orchestra rehearsal.  We emailed for a reservation on the bus on the way into the city.  They were so gracious and took us at the time which was most convenient for us.  The food was awesome - pizzas for the kids and salads for the adults, plus delicious bread knots with olive oil and roasted garlic!  Our server was so sweet and gracious!  
I will visit again in the future.  Good food and pleasant service - what else could anyone ask for?Had the delight of trying this place thanks to the clueless people in Giorgio's who sat way too long! It's not okay! Especially in a place known to be booked & busy all the time. You're not only ruining the night for other diners but the poor servers who only make money if they can turn the tables (I was a server years ago & it's very frustrating!) The food was super yummy ((great meatballs) but our waiter was the standout! We were bummed but he cheered us up. Thank you Giorgio for sending us over. You saved my sisters birthday dinner. Giorgio's is still my favorite but this was a close second!A delicious Italian BYO that takes reservations, can accommodate large parties AND caters to gluten free and vegan diets?! Say whaaaaaaat!!! 
I had been wanting to try Bocconcini ever since it opened as I had heard nothing but rave reviews. Finally got to with the fam on a frigid winter's night which of course goes perfectly with a bottle of red and some Italian! Am I right?! 
*I should mention the staff here went above and beyond, even calling us back several times, squeezing us in last minute on a busy Friday evening despite having two incredibly large parties that night. Highly recommend reservations! Oh, and they will close down for private functions in case anyone is looking to throw a party of any kind. Be prepared for a more "lively" environment if they do have parties however. A smidge loud. Nothing we personally minded. 20% gratiuity is automatically added to tables of six or more. 
Our bottle was opened immediately after being seated and we were presented with knotted rolls and garlic oil right away. Our server Jenny was incredible through the entire meal! Quick with ingredient lists, recommendations and water refills. Friendly and efficient! 
We started with the arincini which were huge, and the cauliflower, both very well received. The cauliflower despite being very lightly breaded was indeed vegan! (No egg wash!) It was served with a tasty, perfectly spicy fra diablo for dipping. I had this as part of my main meal and couldn't get enough of it!! I ate a ton and still had some to take home! Incredible side! 
**There's also a vegan pie, Brussels, and zucchini which are all dairy free too! Can't wait to return and try them as well! 
The table also ordered chicken parm pie which was a bit more than individually sized, the penne vodka with seasonal vegetables and the porcini ravioli. The ravioli was a fan favorite and said to be one, if not THEE best mushroom ravioli we've EVER had! 
A must try. We also couldn't help but noticed the insane towering impressive slice of lasagna our neighbor was diving into. Wow! 
The creative slices at the front were pretty tasty looking also. 
I personally loved seeing chef Crystal Fox (formerly of Giorgio On Pine, their sister-shop just next door) behind in the semi open kitchen doing her thing, with her pig tattoo and all. The random placed piggies throughout the space didn't go unnoticed by me. Cute! 
Great for date night, family dinners, celebrations, slices for a quick lunch, dinner, to-go or even delivery. 
Uber minor complaint which may seem so silly to some would be the stained dropped ceiling and the overflowing trash can in the restroom. This is me being very picky, but I couldn't help but notice either. 
Excited to return! 
I would Uber it here. Parking isn't the easiest.A group of ten of us came to eat on a Friday night and we couldn't be happier with the meal from start to finish! Definitely order the crispy cauliflower and the sweet potato dishes. And BYOB! Also plenty of gluten free options for anyone with gluten sensitivity.I thought it was pretty ballsy for a new Italian place to open up next to Giorgio's, particularly right where Giorgio's Pizza had been.  However, I had a good eating experience here and have been back already since.
Complimentary garlic knots with olive oil and garlic are provided.  The first time I was here, the garlic knots were room temperature but the second time, they were served warm.  Who can say no to warm garlic knots?  This place is BYOB, which is great... but be warned that there's a corkage fee that no one told us about.  To be fair, we didn't ask but it was surprising to see it just show up on the bill.  We shared the mussels appetizer.  I was a little suspicious of getting the mussels at first, b/c the menu advertises that the dish consists of one dozen mussels, which is nothing.  However, we'd seen a plate of mussels sail by us and it certainly seemed like more than a dozen.  The waitress told us that if the mussels are more plentiful, that more than a dozen will be served so we ordered the mussels too and true to form, there were certainly more than a dozen.  They were cooked in a marinara sauce.
I got the Cavatelli, which was a generous portion.  The previous time, I'd tried the salmon, which came with really good truffled mashed potatoes.  The salmon had been a smidge on the dry side but I had no complaints about the Cavatelli and I had leftovers for the next day too.
One of the drawbacks is that there's a two-card maximum here.  Not a big deal if you're only with two other people but this could foreseeably cause complications if you bring a big group of people here.  That aside, my experience here was great, the staff was friendly and helpful, and I think Giorgio's might have some competition.I was craving some good Italian comfort food, but didn't feel like venturing too far from my center city digs. Little Nonnas was packed, so of course I yelped it and came across this place. Pleasantly busy but still a number of tables open. Byob, which is a huge bonus for me and pretty common at a lot of restaurants on Pine (score!). After a lengthy debate, I got the chicken parm special and my fiancé got the pasta carbonara. Chicken parm was massive, the whole chicken breast, moist and perfectly cooked. Carbonara was also amazing, big pieces of bacon. Oh! And they served bread knots with garlic infused olive oil with roasted garlic cloves in it. Also crazy bomb. So long story short: go here, the food is delish and portions are huge (so you can def share an appetizer and share an entree with another person and be stuffed). By comparison, much better than Giorgio's on Pine. You won't be disappointedSo we originally planned to be at Giorgio On Pine but it was packed out. That place is awesome and you should definitely check it out. Anyway, staff at GOP told us to try Bocconcini and it didn't disappoint! The staff was friendly and very attentive, and the food was good. The house made spinnach ravioli will put a smile on your face. We'll be back again.  :-)The staff was AMAZING, the atmosphere was quiet ( because we had dinner at 5:30) , but perfect. We went here for a friends moving away dinner. Half got pasta, the other half pizza. They had this special that came with these garlic truffle Parmesan fries. They mentioned it and we all knew we needed those fries as a shareable appetizer. We asked them and they obliged. 
Those fries caused mouthgasms - non stop 
I had the gluten free pizza ( yes they have gluten free pizza, bread, and pasta ) 
They also will make anything vegan if you ask. 
My pizza was delectable, everyone else thoroughly enjoyed their food. The portions were very large ( very Italian ) . The prices were very fitting- I would say a wonderful deal for the quality and size. 
Please go there- but please don't make it as busy as it's sister restaurant next door ( Georgia on pine) because I like being able to get a table there for 6 peopleThe entire time I was eating dinner, I kept saying to myself "this is a five star Yelp review." The food is excellent- especially the made in house pasta. The quality of the food and the portion sizes are remarkable for the price. The arancini were fluffy and delicious and the size of my fist. Our waitress was a delight and super attentive. This is going to be my spot from now on.3.5. Not a foodie spot but a fun spot. Cozy byob with good service. HUGE portions for the price (especially the appetizers) but found the food to be average, not as amazing as other reviews suggest-- ordered the mushroom ravioli, meatballs, cauliflower and brussels sprouts.  Would go with managed expectations. Would also appreciate a better selection of fresh appetizer options (aside from 2 salads everything was baked/fried)Really excellent and VERY reasonable.  Great value.  We were a group of 9 and everyone was really happy!  BYOB.New low-key BYOB with great apps and creative gourmet pizzas.  The sweet potatoes are a must-try as are fried cauliflower and roasted brussels sprouts with bacon and onion.  Anything with bacon and onion is bound to be delish and the brussels sprouts are certainly no exception.  The cauliflower is crispy yet tender and tossed in a spicy fra diavolo sauce with a thin coating of parsley.  Very very good.  And those honey coated sweet potatoes - absolutely ingenious.   
I'm not a vegetarian but somehow managed to pick all non-meat options - and very glad I did.  The Verde pizza is great: handmade crust with a slight char and good amount of chew topped with plenty of roasted brussels sprouts, artichokes, asparagus, spinach, roasted garlic, and mozzarella. There's a very slight hint of citrus which was refreshing.  Very solid.  
I'm dying to try the arancini and chicken Milanese and will update shortly.  Overall, very good option for a casual dinner with friends.Great value casual Italian & pizza restaurant that is a really nice new addition to the neighborhood! The chef has worked at Georgio's next-door for many years and now branched out on her own. 
The menu is a bit different from Giorgio's: lots of interesting personal size pizzas with fewer choices of traditional entrées than next-door, and a range of pasta dishes. 
The food is very good. We had the asparagus appetizer, the brussel sprouts appetizer, and fried cauliflower. All were interesting and quite good. And then we had two pizzas - Fra Diablo and Verde - and one of the pasta dishes. The pizzas were delicious and my dinner companion said her pasta was excellent (I did not try it myself). Tiramisu and chocolate cake were very satisfying at the end of the meal.
The place is casual but pleasant and fairly small - it was comfortably full but not overcrowded despite it being a Saturday night - though it might be more crowded when it's not summertime and a holiday weekend. Service was excellent with friendly attentive staff. 
And the prices cannot be beat! It is really a great value. One thing to keep in mind is that the portions are very large. We took home half of our pizzas and pasta. We will be back!This restaurant has amazing value - great food for a very reasonable price! I recommend the truffle pizza, although I'm sure any are amazing! Also, it is BYO!!
Also, the service is great!!! Thanks for a great night!We loved this place when it was Giorgio's Pizza on Pine and if possible love it even more.  The friendly staff could not have done any more for us.  Very attentive.  Started with two appetizers, Truffle Fries and Roasted Sprouts.  Both were excellent.  Actually we could have just ordered appetizers all night.  But on to the pizza, Truffle Shuffle and Verde.  Both excellent.  My favorite was the Truffle Shuffle.  However, I'd order well done next time.  All in all a very enjoyable two hours.  Excellent value and a BYOB to boot.  Love it and will of course be back.I cannot wait to go back here! This place is going to end up being our Italian go to place. Lots of gluten free and pizza by the slice options so all depends on what you are looking for. It's a byob and the waitress had a few options to run out and get some drinks that were close by. 
The service was prompt and so friendly ! They definitely came off as welcoming and helpful. 
We ordered the meatballs, cauliflower, aracini, as appetizers. All good. They also bring out bread knots with a bowl of roasted garlic and olive oil. I added Parmesan cheese and red flakes to the olive oil and quickly devoured 4 knots. Delicious!
My friends ordered linguini with meatballs. I tried some of the pasta and it was so good that I'm still thinking about the sauce! The pasta portion was huge, definitely enough for all 4 of us to share the pasta and have enough. 
My bf had the salmon which he said was salty but we don't eat a lot of salt. The accompanying truffled mashed potatoes were melt in your mouth good! Very rich and flavorful, I had a few bites which was more than enough!
Check this place out, it's worth the hype!If you want pasta, you came to the right place! In my experience, the pasta here has been pretty delicious. Creamy and rich, as well as super filling. If you're ordering one of the pasta dishes and you don't have a bottomless pit of a stomach, it's likely you're going to have leftovers (which I love). The mushroom ravioli is SO GOOD. And so is the sweet potato appetizer! A word of advice though: the asparagus salad does not feel very salad-like. Its just a couple of eggs over easy sitting on top of cooked asparagus with some bacon. Not particularly flavorful or wowing. 
The ambiance of this place is pretty on point if you ask me. The first time I went there Eta James played quite a few times, along with other calm, but soulful music that was never overpoweringly loud. The restaurant is fairly low lit and there are cute fake candles on all the tables. They also keep the front door to the place closed, so there's no background noise coming in from Broad St. They do have a TV in there, but it's mounted near the entrance and it's the only one. Overall, it's a nice restaurant but not pretentiously so. 
If you're not ordering pasta, I might be a little more critical of the food. I recently ordered their "Hanger Steak," asking that it be done "medium rare" and there was only one piece of steak that had some pink to it. All the other pieces were well done. Disappointing for a dish that was $23. I've also noticed that they tend to overcook asparagus, until it's soft, easy to bend, and a nuisance to cut through (the Hanger Steak came with asparagus, as well as another dish my partner's mom got- same issue with her asparagus). 
As for the garlic knots? Sometimes they're awesome- warm and soft on the inside. When they're room temperature you realize they're nothing crazy. BUT the garlic oil is delicious and I personally want to try making some myself. They lightly boil the cloves in oil till they're tender and as easy to spread on the knots as butter. 
Oh! Something else I noticed that was kind of weird. They use the square app, so your server will just come up to you with a tablet in hand once you've given them your card. They don't leave the tablet there for filling out, they just hold it out in their arms and wait for you to finish filling the form out. At first I thought it was nice (fan of the paperless route), but then I felt kind of awkward not being able to take a second to consider how much I wanted to tip. I didn't notice this myself, but a friend of mine mentioned that the standard options for tipping also start at 18%. While that doesn't necessarily bother me, I could see that being a nuisance for others that might prefer 15%. There's also a 2 card max to the table, so venmo is your friend if you want to eat here with other people. 
Last time I went there I made a reservation and still ended up waiting around 15 minutes. Maybe this was just because they had two really large groups of people with reservations for the night, but it was kind of off-putting since they had tables open. 
TL;DR: order pasta if you come here. Ambiance is nice, not pretentious or too fancy. Other dishes that are not pasta might not be as amazing. Don't forget the place is BYOB!Quality ingredients on their pizzas, loaded with toppings, made to order and quick for take outMy family and I dined at this restaurant last night.  The food was exceptional ! Between all three of us we had the linguine,meatballs,gf pizza,fried cauliflower,asparagus salad and dessert. We enjoyed everything . I never tasted such tasty veggies before and the desserts were out of this world and  an added bonus to our delicious meal.  I was especially pleased with how  attentive the waitress was with asking if anybody in our party followed a  gluten free diet and how there was a lot of gf choices on the menu as well as offering gf bread to my daughter while we waited for our food.My friends took me here for my birthday dinner last week.  I could haven't been more impressed.  The Brussel sprouts appetizer was simply perfect.  Our group tried four pasta dishes and each person loved their choice.  I was quite fond of the mushroom ravioli. The service from our waitress Jenny was attentive and professional.  We were allowed to close the joint with no pressure at all.  We will return.Tried this place for dinner the other weekend. The service was good and ambience was cozy. Food was average relative to other BYOs in the city. One thing to note is that the portions are massive. Make sure to bring your appetite.Stopped here on a whim for lunch before a show. Excellent food and service all around. Very accommodating for the child we had with us. The Fra Diablo pizza was awesome. The spaghetti was cooked perfectly Al dente and the meatballs were very beefy tasting. Highly recommended. Cappuccino, cheesecake and flourless chocolate cake are amazing as well.I am so happy that I loved this place. I love Giorgio's so I am elated to see this restaurant doing so well. The restaurant was very cute, and the staff was so kind and courteous. For those of you that are expecting it to be a Giorgio's spin off- It's not. The feel is much more home-y and the menu options are more casual I think. My boyfriend and I both got something off of the specials and loved them both. He had beef ravioli and I got chicken parmesan. The chicken parmesan was a HUGE portion. I had dinner and then got another 3 meals out of it and still didn't finish it all.
EDIT: We came back here and did not have as good of an experience, although it was still fun. I got linguine & meatballs (red sauces) and the meatballs were literally burned. Although our server was very sweet, service was slow. It was still good and I'm excited to come back to see how this place develops and grows the longer they're opened. Stay tuned. :)Awesome food and BYOB! The cavatelli pasta was amazing the sausage in it was so good! My bf ordered a special they were serving that night, I forget the name but it was a duck ragu pasta. Amazing service, nice waiters and will def be back! I would fall ahead and make a reservation seems to get packed quick!We have been looking for a place near our hotel the Hilton doubletree in downtown Philly.  This was the best meal we had all week! I had the salmon and truffle potatoes and the chef was willing to substitute the Brussels sprouts for asparagus. The salmon was crispy on the outside and tender inside. Mom had cavatelli - It was generous and flavorful.  Our waitress was so friendly and accommodating.  Loved being able to BYOB with no charge which we can rarely do in NY!  Nice atmosphere and not too loud.  Thanks fora great meal! Don't hesitate, call for a reservation now!When we walked in and saw all of the beautiful pizza at the counter and the very causal atmosphere, we thought we had made a mistake in coming to Bocconcini for a more formal, sit down dinner. However, we were very pleased with our meal. 
We were seated at a quiet, private table towards the back of the restaurant, which took away from the pizza-joint feel. We ordered the arincini to start, which was absolutely incredible. The red sauce served with them was perfect. 
I ordered linguine for the entree. The pasta was delicious, and there was SO much of it. The portions are seriously huge here. I recommend sharing one appetizer and one entree between two people. The meatballs that were served with the linguine were less impressive, but I was also so full by that point that I don't think I could have eaten them anyway. 
Our waitress was incredibly kind, the prices are beyond reasonable, and the garlic bread is bottomless! We will definitely be back, with an appetite.We tried this place on a whim upon visiting Philly based on the reviews on Yelp, and were VERY IMPRESSED! I got the linguine with meatballs and my husband got the chicken parm pizza, and we had enough to be stuffed and leave with about a meal and a half of leftovers. Incredible quality, and such fast service that it startled me when they appeared with my food! When we come back to the city, we'll definitely be returning!Okay for a vegan, although I wish the vegan pie had some vegan cheese. It is more like tomato pie. The portions are pretty large and place was enjoyed by non veg others.We came here for dinner Thursday night. I called ahead and made a reservation. I'm glad I did because it was full with a few large parties and we wouldn't have been able to just walk in. The bread was delicious - pizza dough in a knot, fresh, hot and served with garlic olive oil. I ordered the Caesar salad and fried zucchini. My boyfriend ordered the Cavatelli dish. It's byob. The prices are reasonable. Will definitely return!I can't remember the last time I gad a pizza so good!!!!   One of the best.  Great staff - great service.    It is a BYOB place so you need to bring your own beer / wine. The only thing they need to do is get a different tape measure to measures their pizzas. There 10" pie is more like 12-14.  There were 8 of us and all pretty big eaters. We all thought we would Iredell our own. We ended boxing up three to take home with us.   Great food, great service, great place.   I would highly recommend Bocconcini!Looked for something near Merriam Theater for quick dinner. This worked fine on a Friday night, no reservation and 6:10pm. Ordered trash can pie, served quickly, nice staff. Pizza was good. Out in time to make it to our show.Best tasting pizza in all of Center City Philly. Period.
I'm old enough to remember when pizza was tomato-y and cheesey, unlike most of today's dumbed-down bland pizzas that could double as Lilliputian hockey pucks.
But Bocconcini took me back to the golden days of real pizza, particularly their Margarita pie which features real sweet tomato sauce and thick mozzarella cheese that stretches into long strings when you pull it with a fork.
We'll be back again, and again, and again.
--BYOB. Very sizeable space given the area. I went for dinner with a party of seven and it was easy getting a reservation. When we got there we were the only party there! As such it was weird that the service was so insanely slow. But we had wine and the server was still so friendly. 
Food was really good and amply sized. Portion size is a big plus for me. They had a lot of appetizer options so we got a bunch to try out. Our group had a hearty mix of the different entrees and I believe everyone liked their dishes. 
Closed on Mondays.I love this place. It is really casual and cozy. It has the perfect neighborhood restaurant feel, plus it's byo! My fiance and I came here on a Wednesday for some comfort Italian food. It is right next to its sister restaurant, Georgio on Pine, which is a lovely neighborhood for a date night.  When we walked in, we were immediately greeted by a server. There was no wait and we were seated at a table in the center of the restaurant. The place is not big, and is basically a giant box. There are roughly 20-25 tables. The menu is pretty straightforward, which pastas and pizzas. We ordered the rice balls for an appetizer. For entrees, I ordered the linguini with meatballs and my fiance's got the four cheese lasagna. The rice balls were delicious. I really like the sauce here. It's tangy and not too sweet. They brought bread to the table, which was tasty and fresh. 
The lasagna was enormous and looked delicious. The lasagna was not hot on the inside when it was first served but the server took it back to have it properly heated. It was very tasty. My spaghetti was delicious. The meatballs were a bit dry but tasty. The sauce was delicious. 
The server brought out complimentary tiramisu for the lasagna mishap. The tiramisu was amazing. We really appreciated that they did that.  I really enjoyed my experience and plan on returning.I went to Bocconcini for a birthday dinner and had a fantastic time! It was a Tuesday night at 7:30 and there were 2 larger parties (1 of them also a birthday dinner). Some stand-out things were:
1) They didn't charge extra for when I wanted to add garlic sauce onto my Truffle Shuffle (I basically wanted to combine the Bianco and Truffle Shuffle together) 
2) Our waiter was not only prompt and knowledgeable, but also hilarious, well-mannered and personable. Glad he got the 20% tip ;)
3) The ambience is really neat, the restaurant is one room, but the textured stone wall made it very homey yet classy (from what you'd expect from an Italian restaurant).
Prices are also not that unreasonable, which is one of the reasons why I chose it over other Italian restaurants in Philadephia. To be honest, I thought the pizza could've used more flavor. Ingredients were definitely fresh but the crush was a little bland - maybe we forgot the salt? Probably better for my health. I had some of my friend's Cavatelli and fell in love. PASTA WAS THE WAY TO GO (even though their pizzas are definitely unique, like the chicken parm pizza that my friend ordered!). The pasta was perfectly al dente and I dream of the sweet sausage every day since theen (which was also on my Truffle Shuffle pizza ;) ) I can't wait to go back and try more of the pasta menu. The food took a while but we did have a party of 9 and all the food came out at the same time, so that's probably why it took a bit longer. It's also an open kitchen and got to see the chef make everything. Seemed like there was only 1 waiter for the night, but he was just that efficient in that he didn't need anymore help. Great experience, good for birthday dinners, classy date night or when you want to get some good Italian food in Philadelphia!We made reservations for this restaurant after calling Giorgio on Pine, which is next door, and being told they were booked but this was their sister restaurant with the same chef. This restaurant is on the casual side, but still good for a date or friends / family dinner. The food did not disappoint. We were seated at an intimate table in the corner and could easily hear our conversation. Aside from the complementary bread, we started with the mussels in red and they were amazing. They were cooked perfectly and the sauce they were in was delicious and I'm not normally a big fan of red sauce. The description says it's a dozen mussels, but you definitely receive more than that. We then ordered the penne with vegetables in a vodka sauce and the Farfalle with vegetables, red pepper flake in a pesto sauce. Both were delicious, cooked perfectly (again) and had great flavor. They were big servings too so we had more than enough to take home. The wait staff is very friendly and accommodating as well. I will definitely return.Sister restaurant to Giorgio on pine (which is my fav). Was told the chef is the same but this was a more casual dining space.  So we headed over because we did not want to wait 1 hour. 
Greeted with garlic oil and garlic knots (yum! The other restaurant gives slice bread instead.  Knots are always the way to go) 
We got mussels in red sauce (sauce was good but mussels over cooked. Portion size is very large), Grilled zucchini (thicker wedge shape and more sautéed than grilled in my eyes but very good still), orchiette with bolognese (meh. Sauce was too sweet. I think a buccatini would have been a more appropriate pasta pairing) and mushroom spinach ravioli in a truffle sauce. The ravioli was by far the highlight of the meal. 
I would come back or the knots and ravioli. But the rest I would go over to giorgiosBocconcini's is delicious! My sister and I went here for Friday dinner and loved every bite! We shared the mussels for our app - amazing! We also enjoyed the complementary bread knots and garlic dipping oil. I had the pesto and veggie pasta dish. She had spaghetti and meatballs. Both were large, delicious portions. The restaurant started filling up with party's at 7PM - it's BYOB! The staff is so friendly; there's a nice family vibe. Would highly recommend Bocconcini's!Loved it! They were so friendly and the service was great. I got the asparagus salad and a pizza margarita. Loved the tender asparagus with bacon! The pizza SAUCE- so delicious! I haven't had sauce like that for a long time. It reminded me of the pizza I ate in Italy! I would come back in a heart beat! It's BYOB and it is spacious and cozy but not cramped. It's close to the theater so it was just perfect. Would recommend and I will be dreaming of my dinner for a long time. My husband got a spicy pizza and he enjoyed it. It's reasonably priced too. Kid friendly as well.My daughter has Celiacs. I cannot even tell you how wonderful this restaurant is. They gave her her very own GF bread and oil. This actually made my daughter cry - very happy tears!!  The food! Oh the food!  Whether GF or not, the food is delicious!  The service is great!  We will definitely be returning.Amazing service! The pasta is unreal and the menu is vast! Also so many gluten free options and BYOB!  They are very accommodating to large groups, I cannot wait to have my birthday dinner there!Really underwhelming. Was excited because of the high ratings. We showed up at 9pm for a reservation and wasn't seated until 9:50 (even after we were told it would be a 15 minute delay). I asked for a water and they gave me one with a lipstick stain on it???? If they had given us better service once we were seated I would have appreciated it and moved on, but the waitress was equally as rude and inattentive. The pizza was eh. Not that impressed but my friends got other dishes which looked great. The cauliflower app we shared was excellent. 
It's ok to make mistakes with customers. However, If you want to have happy customers make an actual effort for an apology.Another awesome Italian spot! 
We got the brussel sprouts, cauliflower and grilled zucchini as apps. The cauliflower was the real standout in flavor! 
I got the farfalle but made it vegan with an olive oil and garlic sauce.
I appreciated their ability to modify the meal to be vegan - it was very nice! 
It's interesting that this place is right next to Giorgio on Pine. They both are fancy Italian places with very similar vibes. I'm slightly more favorable to Giorgio because it had an older classic ambiance to the place and their free bread/garlic dip was better :) 
Bocconcini was a more modern take.Came here last week for dinner with some girlfriends and loved it! Very cute interior, and the food was even better. The service was great too - loved our waitress, Jenny! Love that it's a BYOB and not super expensive! Will definitely be back!This place is one of my favorite places to dine. The food is phenomenal, but the staff is what keeps me returning on almost a weekly basis. Everyone is so kind and attentive and it feels like home dining there.Excellent experience, great food and gluten-free options. Could not have asked for better food, BYOB is a nice touch. GF Fried Risotto was unreal.Deserved props for this place.  Rang up on a Saturday evening with no hopes of getting a reservation.  Instead of being dismissed, the hostess was kind enough to take down my phone number as well as provide some hope/encouragement for dropping by as a walk in.
Following her BYOB guidance, my date and I showed up hopeful, but not expectant.  Sure enough, the hostess both remembered us and was just short of calling us due to a cancellation.  We were seated quickly.  Our server arrived shortly after, though apologized for not having been their more quickly.  Frankly, it was perfect timing for us to get settled in and start to contemplate the menu.  Like the hostess, absolutely warm, inviting, and gracious.
The menu was spectacular offering several choices in each category that you don't find on many other menus.  Even better, there were choices that you'd gladly order in a restaurant instead of trying to make them at home.  Both the Cavatelli with sausage and a garlic white wine sauce and the truffled mushroom ravioli were amazing.  Even the bread knots with garlic oil were fabulous.
We both wish we had room for dessert or other ways of having a larger bill to compensate the staff and servers for the wonderful experience.  All I could do was leave a larger tip!
We felt like family and commented on the way out if there were apartments for rent nearby.  Will definitely go back before other Italian restaurants, at least until we've further explored the menu.
I would only suggest more of a street facade to make it clear.  We were across the street when I noticed the only name on a folding board on the sidewalk.  I didn't notice anything else to highlight their name/location.One of the most delicious meals to start off a trip to Philadelphia.  Oscar, our waiter, was very accommodating, and deserves 5 stars himself!  The food was incredible!  We ordered the arincini (softball sized) with a delicious fresh tomato sauce, the carbonara, and the hanger steak.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  We brought our own wine, and the bill was very reasonably priced!  If you're thinking about it, just go, you won't regret it!I came here with my parents, because my mother needs gluten-free and never gets good pasta when you're gluten-free. She was impressed how delicious the bread and pasta were compared to other gluten-free bread she's had in the past. So, A+ for the gluten free choices. 
The PESTO sauce (my weakness) was very good. I love a rich pesto, not weakened with heavy cream. This pesto, even though light in color, was very strong with the basil and seasonings that it tasted delicious to me. 
The RAVIOLI was the winning dish of the night. The square puffs were so delicate and fell apart in my mouth. It tasted like grandma was hand-making them for hours in her home kitchen. Very impressed, I used all the bread to wipe up the leftover sauce after all my raviolis were gone. 
Our server was a tad over-elaborate, or over-excited? But I actually loved it because he was cracking me up. My parents loved him because he carefully explained which dishes my mom could not eat due to cross-contamination of possible gluten in different sauces or oils. How honest! 
I love the BYOB. I love the gluten-free options. I love the casual, friendly atmosphere. And I love the reasonable prices. My only downfalls are; the tables are on top of each other. We were crammed in there, in heat from the oven, and on top of our neighbors conversations. Other downfall, is not all pastas are offered gluten free. I thought the entire menu was, but I was wrong. For example, my mom couldn't get the raviolis in gluten free, it was specific pasta noodles only. But, still, a much larger variety than majority of places in the city!  4 stars.Disappointing service. I was with a group of friends for a birthday dinner with a reservation at 9pm but we weren't seated until almost an hour later. The staff was apologetic and tried to make up for it with a house salad, it was solely lettuce with balsamic vinegar...  I will definitely rethink bring a large group here as they seem very understaffed and have difficulty tending to multiple large parties at once. In addition, they ran out of wine glass so I opted to have my wine in a regular water glass. The waiter then refilled my wine with water. I understand the mistake but there went my glass of wine...(disappointing). The food was great as always but didn't make up for the bad service. I'll have to give it another try on a lighter night with a smaller group.Both my daughter and I are gluten free. We could order anything on the menu.  It was all safe, not to mention delicious.  The food was well prepared, nicely presented, served hot.  Service was amazing ! I will be going back.Those reviews before mine weren't lying, it is a lot of food, but mmmmmmmm so well worth it. My friend had gotten the Italian chicken wings and penne for dinner as I got the gluten free linguine and fried cauliflower. For someone who is celiac, they are so great. We are major fans and I will be back next time that I am in town!We cannot say enough good things about Bocconcini. The food, friendly staff, excellent service, cozy yet open atmosphere- all the best.  We'll be back again this week and will also bring friends and family when they come to town.  Brava!Being gluten free and hearing all the rave about this place made me more than excited to try it 
I would like to compliment the waitress for being extremely aware of gluten allergies. 
They supplied gluten free bread for myself and regular bread for my fiancé. They served it with an oil. His came with garlic which would have been nice to try but due to the chance of cross contamination I was given my own oil. 
We ordered chicken perm pasta WHICH I WOULD RECOMMEND!!! The gluten free pasta was delicious!!!
We also got the special of the night. The pesto sausage pizza. Which would have been good but we weren't aware of the stinky French cheese that topped it. The sausage and cheese and pesto was a weird combination. But once again it was a special. 
If you have never been here before read the menu and ask questions and do not settle for a special until you know everything about it! 
P.S. THEY HAVE A GLUTEN FREE FRYER!!!I love this place! So great to get gluten free and regular Italian food. I love the gluten free pizzas and the gf penne and all of the appetizers. The staff is also very friendly. I was impressed that they even have gluten free bread to bring out at the beginning of the meal!This place is great. The food was fantastic. A BYOB that can accommodate larger parties as well as a table for two. It's also a quick/convenient walk to Broad street and the theaters. I will definitely be back. 
The food portions are huge and I definitely over ordered. The staff was friendly, attentive, helpful and able to offer knowledgeable suggestions. We've suggested this place to friends who rave about it. We loved everything we ate. I can't wait to return. 
The chef works her ass off and it shows.Really enjoy this place. Unlike at the neighboring Giorgio, you can usually just walk in and get a seat at Bocconcini. It's actually still affiliated with Giorgio; the chef previously worked there. And I think Giorgio owns this place. I always get the arancini and the penne pasta in vodka sauce. The servings are plentiful and really tasty. And it's BYO! Another plus. Definitely try it out.Wonderful fresh pasta, excellent red wine.  Servings are smallish, fig bread pudding desert was really good, service was good, ambience was good, all seating at bar and chefs table was taken (even though it was Monday night).We went here for my moms birthday (both my mom and sister are gluten free) and it was absolutely amazing! We normally don't eat Italian because it is never gluten free, but at Bocconcini this just isn't the case. Almost ever option on the menu can be changed to gluten free and both non gluten free and gluten free options taste amazing. But of course to compliment this there must be a warm and comforting atmosphere to eat in, which is just what Bocconcini provides. The lighting is relaxing, the restaurant is warm, and the staff is very friendly. They talk with you amiably, almost as if they know you, and will carry on conversation. They don't rush you at all and check in a lot to make sure you are alright. Of course, to top all this off was a very nice group of customers, for us at least. When we sang happy birthday for my mom, the company next to us joined in and congratulated us! This just made us so happy and made the evening even better. Definitely come here if you can.Nice little Italian place that my girlfriend and I tried out last week. We have never been, and actually have never heard of it. It is close to us and we found it online while looking for places for dinner and decided to give it a try. I am glad we did, because it was delicious. It is fairly small inside so I would recommend getting there early, or calling ahead. Also, it is BYOB.
My girlfriend ordered the Caesar salad and fried zucchini. She really like them both. I ordered the Cavatelli pasta dish and it was fantastic. We will definitely be back as I would like to try some of their other options as they looked really good. That is going to be hard however since the Cavatelli was so good and I want to order it again.More like a 3.5, you know the drill.
Let me preface this review by saying I looOOoove Giorgio's, so I had really high hopes coming in, particularly about the pasta here.
I made a reservation for 5 people at 8:30 this past Friday night. When we arrived, it was clear that they were unable to seat us yet, so we waited about 10 minutes before we were brought back to our table. No biggie, these things happen. Fast forward 35 minutes, though, when we had yet to see a menu or even a glass of water, that's when it became a little dicey. Hanger was rapidly kicking in and my wine buzz was wearing off when finally an adjacent table's waiter noticed that we hadn't been talked to yet. A very kind, very swamped waitress stepped in to save the day, first by bringing a basket of free garlic knots, and then by bringing a wine corker. 
The evening had turned around! Hurrah. This awesome waitresshero also brought us a free order of the fried cauliflower, which was definitely above and beyond, and was also pretty tasty.
As far as the rest of the food goes, lemme break in on down for ya:
You Must Get:
-Fra Diavolo pizza (This was far and away everyone's favorite of the night. Pretty spicy. Not for the faint of heart).
-Brussels appetizer (The perfect amount of tenderness. Also bacon).
You Should Consider Getting:
-Penne with vodka & veggies (I was a big fan of the vodka sauce and the hearty amount of veggies in this).
Things You Should Also Consider Getting Because The Sauce Was Delish Even Though The Pasta Was Slightly Undercooked: 
-Cavatelli (Like I said, the sauce was delish, and I'm a big fan of the sausage and artichoke combo. I'd get again and hope the pasta was cooked a touch longer).
Things I Didn't Try But Other People Seemed to Enjoy:
-Linguine & meatballs
-Chicken parm pizza
All in all, I will definitely come back. For the Fra Diavolo pizza, if nothing else.Excellent service. Food is amazing in a nice and quiet atmosphere. Right off of broad st in center city sits a diamond in the rough.I thought this was good! I was excited to hear that a former chef from Giorgio's had opened up a separate place! We came here for a birthday dinner, the layout is nice and the open kitchen with the pizza oven gives it a laid back feel! The service was on point and super attentive. The menu was great! Lots of pasta/pizza options and all priced really well - I'm always as little weary of Italian places because some times they can charge way too much for what you end up getting, but I would say this place does well! We got the fried cauliflower to share and it was delicious and a pretty decent serving size for an app between the four of us it was enough to share but we were also enjoying all of the bread at that point. For dinner, I got the farfelle, which was tossed in a pesto sauce with cherry tomatoes and zucchini! My only issue was that I thought it was a little underseasoned (like it needed major salt) but I also had just run a race that morning so likely my body was just craving that. My friends all got the cavatelli, carbonara, and salmon. All of them looked delicious! These portions were definitely large! Everyone had some left overs to take with them! I would definitely come back to this place to try the pizza!Amazing food and friendly staff. Not too packed and has that Italian atmosphere. Definitely would recommend to anyone.Casual BYO. Excellent service and tasty bites. It is the sister restaurant of Giorgio on Pine next door. Great spot to catch up and not break the bank.
Garlic knots come with your meal. The dough is so light and fluffy. Highly recommend the mussels on red as well as the spinach mushroom ravioli. Homemade meatballs were also solid.They got one star only because zero stars is not an option.  Third time here.  First was good, second about a month ago was amazing, third, tonight was inedible.  The restaurant was too crowded tonight it was probably more than the tiny kitchen can handle.  Last time I had the carbonara which was so good I wanted to go back just to get it again.  Tonight it was watery, no taste at all.  My partner last time had the chicken parm which was good enough he wanted to get it again.  Tonight the chicken was dry and burnt.  We sent both back and said we didn't want anything else.  They then sent over one order of pasta with mushrooms, the sauce was better but I don't like mushrooms so I did not eat it and they only sent one second entree for two people who did not finish either of our firsts.  When the bill came they took my pasta off but left my partners chicken parm on at $25.  When we spoke to the waitress, who could not have been nicer, she took that off also.  We asked for the manager and were told he was at the restaurant next door.  Probably too busy to be running two restaurants.  I doubt we will be back.  Too hit or miss.The absolute BEST Italian BYO in Philadelphia in my opinion. The food is phenomenal and the service is so incredible- all of the staff here are so welcoming and kind and treat you like your a part of their family. I have never had a bad meal here and you can't go wrong no matter what you order. Pasta, pizza, apps, everything they make is delicious and don't even get me started on their dessert! The perfect place for both groups or just a date for two, and is my go-to for good authentic Italian food in Philly!What a terrific meal we enjoyed tonight at Bocconcini !
We decided on an  Italian meal  and after searching on Yelp, this one looked perfect after a long day of walking around Philly. 
Started with a small meat pizza topped with fresh mozzarella ( excellent ). Next up two of the  Specials:
Cavatelli with salmon & spinach in a vodka cream sauce. 
Wow that was creamy and so tasty. 
Next entree was orrchiete pasta, sweet sausage, onions and mushrooms in a truffle sauce. It was AMAZING!
If you haven't been, try it ! BYOB and excellent value for the caliber of food! Lastly, our waitress Jenny was enthusiastic, knew the menu well and extremely accommodating !  She made us feel welcome & kept checking to be sure we were enjoying our dinner. 
Kudos and best of luck Bocconcini!My husband and I are new to Philly and love pasta after reading the reviews we decided to have our Sunday. Our waitress Jenny was friendly and fun she was great with the recommendations. My husband order the pesto pasta with salmon and I ordered the cavatelle along with the Cesar salad and meatballs. FYI you can share the plates are huge. You can bring your own bottle of wine great for groups. I would totally recommend this place the bread with olive oil and baked garlic was delish.Very disappointing experience... Happened across this restaurant as my mom has Celiac, and it offers gluten-free pizza. My mom called and ordered take-out for herself and my brother because we were traveling and the other members of our family had already eaten at other places in Philly. My mom ordered their Verde pizza, and my brother ordered their Margherita. When we arrived at the restaurant, we were hot and tired from being out in the sun all day and had asked if we could eat instead in their (very empty restaurant) instead of taking the pizza outside. They told us that the tables in the whole restaurant were being saved for people walking in for dinner. Even though we had in essence paid for dinner and would of course have left a tip if we were going to be waited on. They ended up eating on a curb. My brother asked for water, and they treated him like he had leprosy and gave him an EXTREMELY difficult time for one glass of water. This experience was just picking up our pizza!
The pizza itself was dry, tasteless, and the toppings were extremely large. My mom had ordered arugula to go on top, which they forgot to put on. She had also wanted olives on her pizza but was told they didn't have any. Not sure how an Italian restaurant doesn't have olives, but there you go. My brother and mother both agreed that it was the worst gluten-free pizza they've tasted, so I would recommend to the restaurant not only working on customer service, but also buying/making a different recipe for their gluten-free pizza. Upsetting as there are few Italian restaurants that offer gluten-free pizza safe for Celiacs. Will not be back.Cute and unpretentious BYOB on a cozy street in Center City. The prices are great, especially considering the portions. We ordered an asparagus salad, the Verde pizza, and each ordered one of the pasta specials. The pastas were excellent! The service was friendly, and we were able to get a table right away. It's not necessarily a place I'd take visitors, but definitely a great local spot!Came here for my birthday and it was amazing! I originally came for the mushroom ravioli (mainly because I can never find it anywhere) but ended up getting the mushroom lasagna which was delicious. The staff is super friendly and attentive and the bonus is it is BYO! The portions are huge btw I definitely took home more than half of my meal! Can't wait to go back and try more of the dishes and the pizza!