Came upon this bar and love the ambiance. The drinks are lovely!!! Enjoyed my Cubano as well. Just opened so can imagine it's going to get crazy here!Great drink specials and delicious menu for happy hour. Favorite dish of the evening was definitely the roasted Brussels sprouts... they were savory with a creamy sauce  the margarita was also made very well.I was enthralled by the beautiful design which felt so cozy. So far, the Ginger Rodriguez is my favorite specialty cocktail, although I've only had the Margarita to compare it to. The crispy brussels are plate licking good, if you're into that sort of thing. I ordered the pumpkin ribs, which is a vegetarian dish where the pumpkin is shaped like ribs with a bbq sauce and whipped feta. I couldn't get enough of that dish! Friends had the Steak Frites and Pastrami Fried Chicken and Waffles and they were both delicious! The atmosphere kept us there for hours and didn't feel rushed by the staff at all. It will be our nice hideaway in the middle of the city.I came to Bodega Bar for the "official" opening. And it was everything I was expecting. Eclectic modern design with Latin n pop culture flair. The drinks are amazing and worth every penny. I had the ginger Rodríguez which was sweet and smoky and the Queen Of The Night which was soft and sweet. I tried the brussel sprouts and those were great! I will definitely be returning to try more of the food dishes. The have a dj that starts around 9p but I left before thenThe Service was absolutely phenomenal!! 
Me and my girlfriends had no idea how to navigate the menu. The server, who was such a HANDSOME latin man just like I like em, was informative and made suggestions that we LOVED. There was a gin based cocktail that was amazing, I wish I remembered what it was called. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles. It was HUUUUGE and just as delicious as it was large. My girlfriends ordered the different sandwiches which looks good as well. I think I received the best item on the menu.
The atmosphere was very chill. Laid back salsa and house music was playing through out the night. I loved the overall feel of the place. Nice and intimate. Perfect for a quiet evening if you wish to go out yet avoid the claustrophobic crowds.
5 starsFrIends told me this spot was sexy and they weren't kidding. The staff is super chill, which is refreshing.  So many spots are trying to be so cooler then thou, I don't always feel -you know- welcome. 
The menu and food look amazing, but if I'm gonna rave about anything, it's gonna be the happy hour wine for $5 a glass that I paired with some happy hour $5 snacks.
And this is really tasty wine with really tasty snacks. 
And the music is great. The playlist was definitely curated with care. You'll Never Find, No matter where you search a better Lou Rawls yacht rock groove spiced up with a sexy salsa beat then you will at Bodega.I'm extremely disappointed, that after looking at these pictures, it is the complete opposite of what I just received. My husband and I have heard great things about this bar so we decided to order dinner there tonight... The salmon salad and chicken Alfredo. The salmon was the ONLY decent, dare I say very flavorful, perfectly cooked part between the two of us. The salad was definitely grocery store bag lettuce, with LITERAL deli SLICES of provolone cheese just put in between the lettuce. The salmon also had a hunk of cheese melted on it. Which is.. interesting. (seafood and cheese is not a thing. maybe if it was shredded ?) I got the chicken Alfredo. the sauce was ok, edible.... if not completely ordinary. The chicken was also OK. the broccoli was on the too al dente side but again, just OK. there were two big leaves of basil just laying on top. I did try to eat them with pieces of chicken, but it was awkward....so another weird choice. Everything was just EXTREMELY haphazard and random. both of these items were $18 which stumped us even more. NOT worth 18 dollars to say the least. The final epic failure of a meal was the garlic bread. Which was on a hoagie roll, and tasted like it was maybe a week old, and had a nice little hair melted on it. Again...I've heard nothing but good things about this place. maybe it's better in the actual establishment. I just would NOT do caviar with this place ever again. If someone told me they were going here, I would say maybe it's worth a try since all of these good reviews can't be wrong, but I wouldn't suggest ordering out. Definitely not. The two stars is for the salmon. Thats it.So mad I didn't take pics of the amazing food & delicious signature cocktails!? I was having to much of a good time. NEW FAVORITE SPOT!!New favorite bar/restaurant in Philly!  Walking in, you're greeted by a smiling host who gives the option to get a table or to sit at the bar.  I personally like to sit at the bar to socialize and have met new friends on each visit.  
Looking around, the ambiance is fabulous.  There is a mixture of all different styles of colorful patterned tiles gracing the walls and floors.  Yellow-lit ornate lanterns hang from the ceiling giving a nice glow.  The overall lighting is kept somewhat low, with rich yellows and reds giving a sexy and warm feel.  The atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable, like a boudoir that just so happens to serve incredible food and drinks and is stocked with smiling faces. 
From my initial visit for the soft opening, I felt quite at home and like family.  All of the staff I've met have been upbeat, congruent, and provide top-notch service - clearly hand-selected as being leaders in their fields (whether it be hosting, bartending, waiting, management, chef/kitchen staff, or marketing).
The menu is inspired and you can tell that the chef has a lot of fun (and experience) with coming up with recipes that will wow food lovers.  The masa frites are the perfect vehicle for dipping - whether you choose the Bodega sauce or the house guacamole.  The Chicken N' Waffles are unreal tasty, the Cubano sandwich is unique, and for dessert - the chocolate "porchetta", with a dulce de leche ganache, is absolutely incredible.
Now about the drinks - the cocktails are amazing!  Bodega boasts one of the best margaritas I've ever tasted in my life (and this comes from someone who is not only addicted to mexican cuisine, but also used to make various margaritas from scratch at home on a regular basis).  The rims are the perfect combination of salty and sweet and really add to the flavor.  The Ginger Rodriguez is incredible and is graced with skewered pieces of candied ginger which have a nice warm bite to them.
Monday-friday, bodega hosts a happy hour between 5-7 with specials on various wines, making this the perfect spot to stop in if you live or work around center city.  Bathrooms are tidy, beautiful, and covered in an array of tiles and artwork.  Bodega is a great new venue - perfect to hang solo or with friends, and I look forward to future visits and to trying the rest of the menu!Stopped in yesterday for a drink! Beautiful place with a unique menu. The owners are the best!!Loved the happy hour wine list till 7pm!2 stars are for the food - when we actually got it. But the rest was disappointing. We were the only ones in the restaurant, and the food took 45 mins. When it arrived, they informed us they didn't have the ingredients for one dish. Not sure it took so long to tell us. Next, when reordering, that tooK extremely long to arrive, everyone else finished. We had to ask for drinks multiple times - again, only people there. No rush going back.I love Cuban restaurants. Bodega Bar is somewhat new so I've been wanting to try it for a while. I visited on a warm enough day where the front windows were wide open so we got to sit almost on the sidewalk which was pretty cool. I really like the atmosphere in here it's a cute spot! 
The food was overall pretty good. I was impressed with all of my dishes, but some of my family's food was too salty. I loved the Trio of Dips appetizer, and the corn on the cob was amazing. For entrees, the salmon was good, I love the purple mashed potatoes they were so delicious!! The scallops were also good but a tad salty and both meat dishes (steak) were very salty. The cocktails were awesome, I'd come back just for that ginger martini! 
Overall I enjoyed my meal and experience here but some of my family thought otherwise. Either way I would still come back, I liked it!!We walked in at 6:15 and were able to get a table of 4 right away which was lucky because it certainly filled up soon after. Not only did they have a great selection of Latin-inspired cocktails (which were all excellent), but the food was equally incredible! I enjoyed the carne empanadas and drunken sailor scallops. Such a fun vibe to accompany a great meal.
Just note that, since they are still new, and are iterating quickly, some changes may not be reflected on their website yet (i.e. weekend happy hour is 3 - 5 pm instead of 5 - 7 pm like the rest of the week).Hated it ! Weird vibe super dark my mojito tastes like club soda . Definitely never going back for good Spanish tapas there are so many other placesBodega was lit. Drinks were mehhh got a margarita. Food was definitely delicious. Forgot to take more pics I had the steak which was super juicy and delicious and shrimp on skewers shrimp was so good I had to order it 2x! Service was all shake but our waitress was cool.This place is amazing. The food menu is unique and everything I've tried so far as been next level. You can tell they put a lot of thought and attention to detail. The fried chicken bahn mi is fabulous. Their house margarita is the best I've ever had. The staff is super friendly and welcoming, and the atmosphere is sexy and magical. When it gets late the DJ plays deep and laid back world house music, which sets the vibe just right. This is my new home away from home! Meet me at Bodega.Food was quite good and the place has a cool look but we were dismayed to see that everyone working there (other than our waitress, thank god) was very sloppy about wearing their masks. We went around 1 pm on a Tuesday and sat outside. The place is open so the inside and the outside are not divided by a wall or barrier. We could see everyone working inside handling our drinks and food with no masks on. A man who was sitting at the bar and lived upstairs (possibly the owner?) was working on his laptop and had no mask. He got up and walked super close to us to go back home via the door which was next to where we were sitting, no regard whatsoever for social distance. Delivery people walked in and out with masks around their necks. No one gave a hoot and obviously didn't care that we could tell they didn't care.This place has no protections they are operating illegally and nobody is wearing a mask.Great spot to hang out and grab drinks. I went recently during COVID, and there's a patio area in the back for outdoor seating. I added up getting the shrimp and chicken tortellini dish, which was really good.Came here for happy hour and was so happy that it lasted until 7pm! For me the service was stand out. We wanted to sit outside because it was so nice the day we went, but their tables outside were full. They said no problem, and immediately moved another table and chairs outside to accommodate us. 
It was $6 for the happy hour drinks and food which was super reasonable. The drinks were strong, the food portions were kind of small but what I expect for happy hour.Worst happy hour ever. $7 for two tiny pieces of quesadilla. $7 for soggy wet chips and gauc. $7 for french fries that were worse than Popeyes french fries. It is overpriced and underwhelming. Please don't come.Love the happy hour here from Monday to Friday 5-7pm. 
My personal favorites are the wings ($6) and bloody orange margarita ($6)
Always great service and I really enjoy the atmosphere!The best cuban sandwich with a mojito...I like the Keith Richards looking guy....could have been a great commanding officer...runs that place with skill...In these days of COVID, this is a welcome oasis..yes, there are not enough be-masked people. the distancing needs improvement...The mojito was good but could've been bigger...I see potential and growing pains....we need a good Cuban place that is not pretentious....I'll go once a week and keep you posted..I'm a huge fan! Decided to come here one afternoon during COVID Yellow-Green transition with a couple of friends after I walked by on my own and saw people eating and having a good time in their outdoor seating area, and it did not disappoint.
Food/Drinks
This is probably the category that made me rate this place so high. The presentation of their Latin-inspired cuisine is exceptional, and with taste that matches it. I had the Cubano panini, who the server recommended, which came with fries AND salad. One of my friends had their burger (also came with F&S), and the other had their garlic shrimp & spinach pasta. Everything was delicious, especially my panini, which perfectly melted in my mouth! The fries also have cajun seasoning with onions, which was a good plus. The alcohol drink selection they have is also decent; I had a margarita that I saw them made. They have a variety of beers to choose from as well. Finally, everything was very affordable, which is surprising given the amount of food we got, and definitely worth it.
Environment/Service
Given that it was soon after they opened in setting of COVID, we only experienced the outside. We didn't have to wait long, and they accommodated me and my 2 friends rather quickly. There were 2 servers, and the server we had was pretty awesome. He made good recommendations, and even told us in a way like, "you should have this instead." I can't wait until they actually open the indoor seating area. The interior gives you a trendy, Latin/Spanish/Hispanic feel to it, and so does the plate wear. 
Rating: 9/10
Pros: Great food, good service!
Cons: Small outdoor seating area, so come quickly (at least until they reopen the inside!)Bodega is a great for an intimate date or casual meal. Awesome music, strong drinks and solid plate options. Will be back ASAPAdorable little cocktail bar. I didn't have a chance to try their food but it looked delicious. Service was a bit slow but since we were there the first night they opened so maybe they just need to iron out some kinks!This spot is good for happy hour. It can be a little tricky to find because it only has a tiny sign by their door but a couple of my friends and I stopped by for a couple of drinks and appetizers. We got their $6 blood orange margaritas, buffalo wings, and skewers. They do also offer other drink options and food options too. ( check the pic for menu)Excellent Customer service, great food, I highly suggest the guacamole with the fresh made chips, today I tried the Shrimp and Spinach over tortellini, the Shrimps were large, grilled to perfection with a little hint of spice, my partner had the Pesto Primavera which had fresh vegetables sautéed and a delicious pesto and pasta. This is my 2 nd visit and I will be back. Highly recommend checking out Bodega, the food is amazingHappy hour is the thing in philly but this place failed to impress me. My happy hour spots are harp and crown, double knot and sampan and i decided to check this place at request of my friend. What a disappointment. The papas fritas, chips and guacamole and quesadillas were kiddie-size. I understand it's happy hour but don't charge me $7 for something that will barely feed an infant. The owners should check out my top three happy hour spots. The ambiance is cool though. Drinks were good. But you still get a two starsThis is a bit of a late review! We wandered into the bar by chance last month and we were able to get seated right away despite the busy night. We were in the back outdoor seating, which was well-spaced to keep the tables socially distanced. I had the queen of the night drink first, which was very very strong! My friends both had mojitos and also said it was very very strong. I ended up ordering a strawberry margarita next which wasn't nearly as alcoholic but tasted great. We shared the guacamole, nothing special but it was okay.
My friends ordered the shrimp pasta and burger. The pasta was good, but my friend did not enjoy the burger very much. As the night got later, the inside seemed to change into more of a disco bar which looked really fun. If we were back in town, not sure we would come back for the food but definitely for the drinks and great vibe!Loved everything about this place! the atmosphere is seductively comforting. The food was delicious and very creative. The warm and friendly staff made me feel right at home. I read the drink menu and saw many artisan drinks, but was in the mood for wine. I will definitely be back so I have time to try the drinks.  Going to be a spot I hang out often!Had brunch and it was great! Chicken and waffles were delicious and so filling. Also had the Cuban Cappucino cocktail and loved it. Can't wait to go back!I was so excited to visit. Walked in and was greeted by very loud music. Cool with that, it's Saturday night. Snagged two seats at the bar, looking forward to getting lit for the rest of the night and enjoy the music, vibes, company and was hoping the drinks. The bartender was so rude as soon as we sat down. Rushing for us to order our drinks without even showing us a drink menu.  To add insult to injury, the drinks were horrible. I mean HORRIBLE. And, the bar was filthy. Our bartender definitely did not understand the assignment. One thing for sure, I won't be back.Checked out this place with my boyfriend during restaurant week and we loved it!! The vibes were chill and sexy plus the music was bomb. Staff made an excellent margarita probably the best 1 I've had in a very long time. I love the small attention they put on the docor. Would definitely come back!! Such a cute romantic spot!This was my first time here with two of my girlfriends and the food and drinks were really good! The nachos and fries were so so so good!! If you come here you have to try them! The only downfall was seating and staff. 
Our table was small and I literally had to put my drink on the ground and the service was great but our waitress was stretched thin and it either took a long time for her to come back or things we asked for we never received. I get it! 
Other then that I really enjoyed the food and drinks. I will be back!came here for HH and got some drinks with a friend! the mojitos were $6 and strong and tasty. def a good spot to just come and grab some drinksThis place was amazing from start to finish. It seems like this place is Spanish with an Asian twist. A true Asian twist, not just throw spicy mayo on top and call it a fusion. We ordered the guacamole and the pork croquettes from the $7 happy hour menu to start as apps. The guacamole came with masa fries -- the masa fries were delicious, nice and crispy, but thick on the inside too. For someone that does not really like thick fries, I really enjoyed these! They went super well w/ the guac which had some Asian vinegar cucumber and touches of chili in it. LOVED how they did that. The croquettes weren't really worth it just because of how small it was -- 3 croquettes for $7. They came on a nice plate and were presented kind of like takoyaki (same sauce with the katsuobushi -- dried bonito flakes). It was decent, but probably a bit overpriced.
For our entrees, I got the Korean Fried Chicken bahn mi and my friend got the Tofu bahn mi. It was DELICIOUS! The sauce was interesting -- a nice sour, salty twist. The bahn mi came in a thick, chewy pretzel bun which I really liked and was topped with crispy shallots. It came with masa fries as well as a side salad. Really enjoyed this and it was HUGE for $12!! 
Service was also impeccable from start to finish. When my friend arrived, the waiter literally took her jacket for her and put it on her chair. And when we left, he helped her put her jacket back on! 
All in all, would definitely recommend this place! Excited to try their other items!Great atmosphere, dining outside, service was immaculate, food was great. Nice portions too. Would recommend this spot.Bodega is pretty much a hangout for people (workers and patrons alike) who don't seem to care about Covid anymore. Not a single employee was wearing a mask (literally not one), and the place was packed with no social distancing at all. We sat at the bar. Drinks and the one snack we got were pretty good, but overall I felt pretty uneasy the whole time I was there. We left after one drink each. Felt like being in another world where Covid didn't exist. Would recommend avoiding.Went here on a Sunday night, the place looked great. We were greeted at the door to either choose from the bar or table seating. We chose to sit at the bar. The bartender stated they were out of a few drinks, and out of a few items on the food menu. The bartender prepared our drinks and eyyy. They were warm and did not taste good. I don't want to bash her because I know people have to make a living, but she did have no experience making drinks (and possibly serving people). When she said she didn't have the food item I wanted on the menu, I quickly asked for my check. I paid for my drinks, she didn't even ask me if I was ok, or what was the matter. After paying for my bill I left my drinks untouched (and I love tequila) and walked out. Hopefully they fix those little quirks. It's sad because the city needs more Latin spots. We ended up walking to El Vez for drinks.Our waiter and host were so nice! The drinks and food were also pretty good for a late night snack. Will definitely be back!Where do I start, there so many things to love about this place! .. First of all it's BEAUTIFUL! Just take a moment to walk a lap around this place and look at the different patterns used throughout this bar from top to bottom. Using the bathroom is the perfect excuse as even they are better then you would expect at any bar in center city. They are spacious, clean and again the Decor is absolutely astonishing. But The Music really sets the Vibe! With LIVE DJ's Wednesday-Saturday night. And some killer playlists during the day. The entire ambience is an amazing experience. It's open for brunch serving food through -11pm. And open until 2am every night. 
Moving on to the menu, any person with working tastebuds is going to be blown away. If your a FOODIE this spot is a MUST! There is such a fantastic variety of options for you.  Watching your figure?...  The Crispy Brussels will have you wanting to lick the bowl clean in front of everyone without a care.  Couldn't care less?... You HAVE to try the pastrami fried Chicken and waffles. It's a big dish and comes with "a lotta sauces" on the side. It's fun and shareable and definitely a conversation starter. They have an  amazIng DUCK... POT... PIE! I had my father order it and I don't think he spoke to me again until he was completely finished other then to mumble "gottdammm" lol. If you like seafood there is a Hot Octopus dish  TO.. DIE.. FOR. This may be my fav dish... ... who am I kidding I can't choose. But this plate is served  in a hot skillet with a spoon bread bottom and the best way for me to describe it is soft, warm, buttery cornbread with CHUNKS.. not skimpy calamari bs. But CHUNKS of FRIED OCTOPUS, with some various pickled vegetable atop that. I mean... C'mon. It's almost unfair. There's is most definitely something for everyone here. 
Now to the part we've all been waiting for, THE COCKTAILS! There is a HANDCRAFTED signature cocktail list that I would not suggest you stray from until you have tried them all! And guess what?!... THEY ARE BOOZYY people! In addition VERY WELL BALANCED. Have your DD set up before you walk in the door because  this is not a dive bar you come in grab a beer and jet. You want to stay, explore, experience and FIND YOUR DESTINY here. Let's start with the Especial Bodega Margarita, if you are a margarita person you'll Love this margarita.. of you are Not a Margarita person you'll LOVE THIS MARGARITA it's not your average by any means. It comes in a margarita Rita glass rimmed with a Salt and  Sugar mixture. 3oz of tequila offset with a few ounces of Calamansi juice (look it up) and a blend of house made syrups like Honey lavender. Making This Margarita Bring all the Girls to the Bar! Another one to try is the Ginger Rodriguez, it's served in a Coup with 3oz tequila offset with fresh squeezed to order lemon and lime juice, house made syrups and topped of with A Mezcal float leaving this citrusy drink with a Smokey finish topped with candied ginger. Let those babies soak whIle you enjoy your drink and eat them after for another party in your mouth! The Mojito is one to mention also, as it is not your typical while still being a comfort drink for those of you who don't want something exotic. Served in a Collins glass, this drink starts with limes and fresh mint muddled with Brown sugar and house  made syrup topped with club soda. These drinks are balanced better then the bicyclists swerving traffic down town. 
If you read this entire review, I recommend this spot for You, brunch, meetings, date night, girls night out, guys night out, after work unwinding, a place to fix your relationship or start one. Bring your parents, do a cool YouTube food review. Whatever your Destiny come find it here at Bodega.I never even ate. I never got a water. They  brought out the food , I asked the waitress 3x for hot water to put my silverware in or even plastic ware and had to ask the manager who seemed to have an attitude herself. It was my first time here. I got the shrimp and spinach pasta .. the Brussels spouts were all leaves no Brussels . They never came to check on us to see how we liked the food at the table .. in fact it actually seemed like they avoided the table . My food was cold by the time I even got silverware .. and when explaining to the manager she just took my plate and walked away. I didn't even get a chance to explain to her that I just needed it heated up since I had to wait 15 min just for silverware. First and last time ! Everyone was rude.. and I don't see myself coming back again.Very small bar. We stopped in for happy hour. The staff was amazing and cute. It was a vibe lol. The only thing I hated is that the food portions were very small & the food options were limited.Great spot! They have tables set up out back, love the decor and atmosphere. Drinks were good, could taste the alcohol, staff was friendly-  we had the guacamole, wings, fries which were all fantasticLove this place ! The quality of the food was wonderful and the taste of authenticity was in point. The ambiance was so relaxing.  The drinks are probably the best I have ever had when it comes to a mojito.     The care of their customers and patrons went beyond the call of expectations. I have been there several times with my Son and we never had a bad experience. There is outdoor dining in the back with heat lamps.  Keep up the good work !im an ex employer here .the bar isnt the best bar.the food is soso.i used to clean this bar 5 days a week and the owner inly paid me $100.00 a week he took advantage of me and for that i cant forgive him.he also wpuld promise me more money lies and garbage.but overall i would eat at other bats around the area.fu we l is great.id rsther eat chineise food.dont waste your money especially on a business that takes advantage of people.????WACTH OUT THEY ALSO HAVE MICE AND ROACHES.THE PLACE IS INFESTED WITH BUGSI'm giving Bodega two stars with the caveat that I visited on opening night (last Friday, Jan. 24) and acknowledge that the problems I perceived are very fixable kinks.  That said, I'm not in any rush to go back any time soon.  
The decor is nice enough, but the whole bar feels very dark (even shortly after 5 p.m. when it is still light outside) and it was noisy enough that my friend and I had to raise our voices to talk with each other.  We were lucky and grabbed two corner seats at the bar, despite the crowd, but that was only because we knew one of the guys leaving those seats -- and he was trying to get out to find a better bar.  
We followed suit and also hightailed it out of there after one round of drinks.  I had the opportunity to taste four different cocktails, thanks to two more friends who joined us at the bar for a little while -- but unfortunately none of the four were very good.  The Pinalita tasted like nothing but pineapple juice, and the Cuban Cappuccino was so sugary it was almost undrinkable.  The bourbon cocktail was not bad, but it was nothing in comparison to the many bars around Midtown (and the city as a whole) that offer phenomenal bourbon cocktails.  The fourth drink was so unremarkable that I honestly don't even remember what it was.
Meanwhile, service was okay at best.  The staff was obviously new and seemed pretty overwhelmed.  I overheard someone else at the bar ordering a daiquiri, and the bartender helping him just responded with a blank stare.  After several mildly uncomfortable seconds passed, she told him they didn't have all their cocktails available yet and asked if he could order something else.  That message didn't comport with what our bartender had told us, so I'm not sure whether she just didn't know how to make a daiquiri or they truly didn't have the supplies -- but, either way, it wasn't a great look.  
We didn't try any food, so I can't comment on that.  Based on the other reviews Bodega has received so far, I am wondering if maybe the trick is to order only margaritas at Bodega and focus on the food instead of treating it as a happy hour/cocktail/nightcap spot.  Or maybe the key is just to avoid opening night, which most people reading this have already accomplished.Great happy hour spot when I was in Philly last week. The server was very hospitable and amazing! I had one cocktail and the pork croquettes. Both were great and delicious!Antonio was an amazing waiter! We went here for a happy hour and was blown away by the excellent well-sized drinks as well as the friendliness and competency of the staff! We had a large party that ordered many drinks at once and Antonio was on it and even took the time to bring tall glasses of water over for everyone. He also let us know about the new food options on the menu and encouraged us to come back to dine when we had an opportunity. We had such a positive experience here and can't wait to go back when we have more time to have dinner.Great mojitos, bartender Miguel was super sweet and attentive, and my boyfriend said the happy hour quesadilla was "amazing." The decor and music were fun and I would come back for some live music! All in all, a fun place for happy hour. Will have to come back for real food or nightlife.Got take out from here during COVID. Honestly, the food was fantastic. The reason I'm giving it 3 stars is lack of social distancing in their outdoor seating area and the fact that none of the staff that helped me were wearing masks. There also wasn't great instruction on where or how to pick up my food and again, complete lack of social distancing.  
Ordering over the phone was a breeze. Not a huge menu but enough excellent choices. I had the chicken saltado, my friend had the chicken tender salad, and we split the house guacamole and foogie fries. Fries were fine but a bit lacking in the topping department. The guacamole was excellent but the house made chips were the real stand out of the meal. There weren't many, which was off putting at first but they were very unique and delicious. Fried but soft with multiple layers, almost like mini pita breads. So good! The saltado was also excellent with a large serving and perfectly flavored chicken. The mushrooms and peppers were also cooked well. 
When I got there there was no sign as to where to get your take out order. After waiting to see if someone would help me I squeezed between tables (they were that close together) and went inside. Again no one paid any attention to me for a couple minutes as servers without masks walked by. Finally someone asked me what I needed and I said I was here to get my take out order. Waited for a couple minutes for my receipt. People without masks kept walking by, the bartender didn't have a mask, and the person taking my credit card didn't have a mask. There were a few bags on a table and they didn't even tell me which was mine so I had to look through to find which was mine. Hopefully others hadn't done the same to my bag. 
Food was great, really great. A shame that they haven't figured out the take out system as well as most other restaurants I've been to during COVID have. Also a real shame that no one was wearing masks or doing social distancing. Check em out, but only after COVID goes away.Absolutely loved the take out we received during the shit down. The food was made with fresh spices and vegetables! Very authentic ! The customer service we received over the phone was impeccable. The prices for what we received and being in the city was mind blowing.  We were in prior the covid issue and the inside ambiance was perfect for a first date  I do remember the margaritas and mojitos were on point and maybe the best we ever had.  There is a back yard garden for our door seating  and you can also sit outside .Can't wait to back.I went for happy hour a few weeks after it opened. All specials are $7 which isn't the greatest deal, but still a decent discount. The bartenders were friendly and made sure our drinks were taken care of. 
There were a few good specials listed online that weren't on the happy hour menu, but maybe they will be available in the next few weeks. 
The food was very good and okay portion-sized. I'm not running back for happy hour, but I'd definitely try out dinner.I've come when they first opened for restaurant week and after and I have been blown away by the food each time! I recommend the rutabaga hummus and the beignets (the beignets are paired with this super interesting red eye ice cream which sounds strange but the combo of the hot and cold and the flavors go so well together). The atmosphere is perfect for a date or an afterwork happy hour with friends. They have a pretty large cocktail menu and so far all the drinks I've tried have been really good also.When I went in during the fall, they were allowing people to stay in the bar beyond 10pm, and closed the front curtains so that people couldnt see inside. Some staff werent wearing masks, and neither were most patrons. Then they only let people leave through the kitchen into a side alley that led to a different exit. Completely against rules and not safe at all.Stopped in to check out their brunch after visiting wonderspace over the weekend. Started off with some cocktails, I ordered the Cuban cappuccino cocktail which was pretty sweet lots of notes of dark chocolate but I have a sweet tooth and I like chocolate so win win. We ordered a mushroom quesadilla for the table that also had bacon in it and that was very tasty and a lot of layers of flavor between the char from the bacon to the cheesiness of the romanesco and goat cheese. Now to the fried chicken and waffles. Chicken thighs perfectly fried and waffles light and fluffy. They also served it with hot sauce! Which now I dont know if I can have chicken and waffles without it now. Service was a little slow but I wasnt in any rush. Overall definitely a cool hole in the wall spot to checkout. It's a small place with no reservations so get in soon before its booked solid!!I like this place. Good drinks and a creative menu with nice music and a great atmosphere. I had a few well made cocktails, my friend and I had the beet soup salad which had wonderful texture, hearty soup with great flavor. The mushroom quesadilla was good too. Whatever the sauce they served on the side. Oh my gosh.  The Brussels were delicious too.  This is a good spot. It's more on the moody side of bars (dark-ish with nice lighting and warm colors). Drinks, food and atmosphere. What more could you want?I am a Mojito aficionado however, this place did not hit the mark. My friends and I ordered a carafe which our server had said would serve 4 people but it in fact did not. The bartender made a 4th single glass of mojito for the friend that wasn't served by the carafe.  This was by far the worst mojito that we've tried in Philadelphia. I don't know if there was rotten mint or limes, we couldn't put our finger on it so we asked the server if we could get a different one. Turns out that the single mojito that the bartender made for one of my friends turned out to be good so we asked him to make it exactly like that. It still wasn't the best but it did the job. I didn't try any food here but I'd be willing to return to check out their menu. 
In terms of décor/ambiance, definitely a cute place for dates and drinks.Did happy hour this evening. Nice decor and atmosphere. Good service too. The Happy hour prices are $5.00 for food or even a good pour of wine. 
Guacamole and Masa- very good
Pork croquette- very good
Bahi Mi regular menu- Not good. A huge mistake to put it on a think, hard pretzel roll. The chicken on the Bahi Mi was under seasoned so badly it had no taste.
add-on remark 2/7/20 - Contacted by management: They showed genuine interest in the review and addressing issue mentioned.Great bar love the food gave 4 stars by mistake.love this place food is awesome and Alex and Steve are great people.customers are awesome kitchen staff are also good people to work with.i wouldn't have it no other way!This place is overpriced for terrible food. We ordered tacos which had barely any flavor... Taco Bell would've been way better. The fries were the only decent thing to order. In addition this place did not follow any health precautions as if the pandemic was not going on at all. None of the waiters or waitresses had masks over their nose and mouth. They either had it halfway off their face or none at all !!!!! This was yelling at us to take our order and all up in your face. It was unacceptable.  In addition this bar/restaurant was packed to the brim at the bar and in the restaurant with no social distancing at all and no barriers in between parties. Everyone was seated so close to each other. Even at our table we were overwhelmed and swarmed by people within a foot of us and belligerently yelling everywhere and practically on top of us. The service is bad and the food is bad with no regard for the pandemic or their customers. Spend your money elsewhere.Absolutely love this restaurant/bar. Great service, staff, food and drinks. It's small so if you're weird about crowds indoors look elsewhere.Awesome place to grab food and drinks with friends in  center city! Ambience and music were on point. We were dancing in our seats! The food is delicious - Latin Asian type fusion. Their MARGS were also perfect not too sweet AND STRONG. Plus they had the special for free second round of drinks for new customers. Everyone needs to check Bodega Bar out! 
Ps. Get the Brussels! SO. GOOD.Amazing atmosphere! I truly love the vibe, location, and MUSIC. This establishment has an amazing happy hour between 3pm-5pm. I recommend a visit.
I highly recommend the Blood Orange Margarita!Randomly came to this bar on a Sun night. I love it here. The bartenders are down to earth and friendly and the owners are so sweet. Not to mention the food is really good. I got the salmon salad on my first visit and then went back another night and got the chicken alfredo. I was happy with my meal and drinks both times. Also thank you for my birthday shot! Will def keep supporting this placeNever given a place 1 star but I think this place deserves it. I get it that they just opened up so they were busy but the way they handle thier customers is not professional. We walked in and were told to wait 30 minutes to get seated. So we ended up getting few drinks at the bar. Two tables opened up but we weren't seated because someone had reservations in 50 minutes time. We ended up waiting at the bar for over an hour without being seated. We were told every 10 minutes that we will be seated next but that never happened. Frustrated we decided to leave the restaurant and go somewhere else, thats when a guy came up to us and said we can be finally be seated at one of the tables that was open for the last 30-40 minutes. Ridiculous!!! And then when we ordered food, three of us go our food on time and one of us did not. The three of us literally finished our food when the food for the fourth person came out. And within 5 minutes he got his food, we were told by the waiter to wrap up, pay the bill and leave because someone who made reservations was here. Like seriously?!?! Have never come across something so unprofessional. Definitely not coming back!