One mention of Stumptown coffee and my Northwest friends are drooling over themselves.. Really what's the hype about I wonder.? So they brew small fresh batches of organic coffee.. Doesn't it have to be shipped out to Philly?? Does that mean it loses its freshness? I don't know...So I dragged two friends out here to find out..
   The shop was cute, but the chairs looked totally uninviting (think church pews).. There seemed to be a wide variety of baked goods, but having gorged myself on a huge brunch I managed to abstain from buying a delicious looking cupcake. 
   I ordered a cappucino and found the coffee to be super strong. Not bitter by any means- just strong. It was good, but the foam on the cappucino was kind of sad and disappointing, and more akin to a latte, rather than a cappucino I'm super curious to see what drip Stumptown coffee tastes like, but not sure I'd go out of my way to drink a cup here again...For some reason I usually find myself here after a mildly stressful event, like a trip to the vet or running the toddler/vegetable/reusable shopping bag gauntlet at the farmer's market. I walk into Bodhi and draw a deep, cleansing breath. Everyone's so pleasant here. You can sit outside or people watch through the big window. They have nice sandwiches and fancy caramels. 
And the coffee! Roasted right, brewed right; it is a really, really good cup of coffee.This is my favorite place to get coffee in Philadelphia. The vibe encourages both hanging out and doing work. The baristas pull shots of Stumptown's Hairbender with care, and it's a great espresso, so the drinks rock. Tom brings in fresh roast every week, usually on Wednesdays. This is a great thing. Everyone is nice, which unlike many places in other cities, proves that care for coffee doesn't have to be elitist. 
Bodhi should also get props for taking the risk of leasing in an area of old city that isn't exactly bustling these days. Show some love to 2nd and Pine!Cute, welcoming,clean and great coffee. I think it was the owner who waited on me. You can tell this place is his love. It just shows. I didn't get a chance to try any of the food. But it looked yummy enough. I'm always looking for good coffee and a place to hide out. Ill be back. The only reason I can't give it 5 stars, is my loyalty to my one and only true love, cafe' ole'Stumptown roasts the finest beans in the country, and Bodhi does them justice. My cortado was perfect.I've had the chance to visit Bodhi a couple of times, trying a macchiato and a hand-poured drip. Both were fabulous. The baristas were friendly and confident, and the atmosphere is nice as well. Easily recommendable.OMG Bodhi, I wish you were closer to my homestead.
The walk over to 2nd and Lombard from Bella Vista is well worth it, however.....because they're serving goddamn STUMPTOWN COFFEE!  The baristas know how to pull some slammin' shots and make some beautiful latte art!  The vibe in the store is minimalist, relaxed, and clean.
I have to come back to try the food...which looked amazing.Ok, must admit, I am torn...
Cute place. I would be happy to spend an afternoon here typing away on my ibook. The space is light and airy and I got a glimpse today of what may or may not be a courtyard through the back door. If it's not, and it's possible, I'd really try to make it one - if I were the Bohdi folks. 
Great coffee with friendly staff. And a very nice bathroom. 
So, I've been here twice. I still don't know where at the counter I should be ordering - a friendly "order here" sign would be a nice addition. On my last visit, the steamed milk for my latte was short (like a 1/4 cup short). The server asked me if I cared (albeit very nicely), instead of apologizing and immediately making more. I said no, because I wanted to be gracious - but is the customer supposed to be the gracious one? In any case, she still charged me full price. I was surprised. I would have defaulted to charging for the next smallest size, especially if I hadn't immediately offered to steam more milk. 
The prices are a bit steep - I only got a few coins in change back from my $5 for the stunted latte - which is the only reason I would not make Bodhi a regular coffee stop. 
I haven't tried any of the food yet, but there is a small menu of bagels, sandwiches, etc. available. 
In any case, assuming a little smoothing around the edges, I think Bodhi is a welcome addition to Headhouse Square.I can definitely see myself returning to this place- again and again!
I love visiting coffee shops in my area, and this place didn't disappoint. Maple latte was excellent! 
 I also tried the London Fog mini teapot here on a cold, snowy day. Never had London Fog before... and now I'm in love!!! The barista who made it for me was also very sweet... she showed me how to prepare it properly, and also had a great convo with her about the best tea shops in the area.This tiny spot is easy to miss, but you'd regret it if you do. The espresso is rich and smooth, and their cappuccinos are wonderful. It's a little cramped to get cozy and post up here for a while, but is great to stop in for, but it just doesn't quite measure up to some of the nearby cafes.Somehow there's a cool vibe going on here, despite the fact that it is atmospherically spartan, possibly since it is still so new (only open about a month at the time of this writing).
The cappuccino is well done, made with Stumptown beans and layered properly, second IMHO only to Spruce Street Espresso.They ground the coffee beans in front of you and always make each cup fresh. Very relaxing vibe with the music and the laid back staff. Reasonably priced for a local coffee shop. $2 for a small coffee. Fresh milk and an actual spoon to stir it with. Although I took my coffee to go there was a reasonable amount of space to relax with some friends if you were looking for a place to grab a cup of coffee and catch up with friends. They also have a deal where you can get refills rather than paying for two cups so if you did plan to stay and relax for a while that is the route to go. I will definitely be back there soon.This cafe is so lovely.  Several times in the last month I have wandered down to 2nd street from rittenhouse and have deeply enjoyed the Sumptown espresso and the perfectly portioned cupcakes at Bodhi.  
The cafe hasn't been terribly busy (though it can be a bit loud and clanky) and I always manage to get a fair amount of reading done.
There needs to be more places like this in Philly--  simple and well presented coffee, tea, and snacks- what more do you need?!What a cool little shop. I had a hand pour(can't remember exactly what the bean was) and it was raging. Not like mind blowing coffee goodness, but beats the normal sludge the greater percentage of america is overpaying for. The girl behind the counter was friendly and helpful in my search for the right drink. Also had a croissant, which wasn't the best ever but I ordered it later in the day so maybe in the morning it would have tasted better. Bodhi is definitely a place I would return to.I feel guilty loving this place so much as Chestnut Hill Coffee is my spot. 
Hand poured drip stumptown beans of crazy quality in ceramic milita type cones. 
Barista didn't feel the need to make me feel like I was bothering her or not as fucking badass and pissed as she was.
Not being an elitist is not a prerequisite for enjoying  great coffee here.
The barista was super friendly and informative while being efficient..not talking and slacking.  That she cared about making a good cup of joe was evident and not hard to do if you have a soul - she was refreshing and I hope that the other barostas are the same.
On the other hand: 
Tom the owner was cocky and unappreciative of how thankful and impressed I was that this place has amped up our coffee scene. Not saying he isn't nice or anything...but he seemed more annoyed that I was so happy they were here and amping up the coffee scene to a level once mostly a west coast deal.
IDK - If he opened this place he still is cool and must be decent  however, 
he just kinda seemed like a dick with enough money to open the place.
Now, I wouldn't mention him if I wasn't told who he was when he came in and I hadn't expressed my gratitude for a place to spend my money.
Alas - who cares though,  the brew was bonerific and I could sit and drink it til my heart exploded. 
I hope Chestnut Hill Coffee start hand pour and also one or 2 baristas there leave there douche attitude in the ash tray of the Prius.Really enjoyed their hot chocolate and their hard boiled egg with pesto on croissant. It's absolutely delicious! Pretty great place to study too. Their lox with cream cheese on an everything bagel isn't bad too.The first time that I ever tried hand pour coffee was at Bodhi. It was dark, strong, and smooth. The barista was very friendly and knowledgeable. Since then, I've been back  a few times for iced coffee and lattes. They were always pretty flavorful. Great location in Headhouse Square and one of the few places that brew Stumptown. 
Thumbs up!Good coffee, fast service. I regularly go there for my coffee even though there's a wawa only 100 feet away.So good. Wish I could go all the time but I live in CA. Guy behind counter was super friendly and awesome!Stopped in here for a drink. It seemed like a very nice coffee shop if you wanted to study or do some work onto just sit and relax. It's painted white so it has a calm vibe to it. Interesting decor too.
I ordered the ice chai latte and it was okay. Some of the other drinks that came out looked better. Probably would give this place a higher rating if I was there to stay for a while but based solely on the drink I bought, it is 3 stars.I could not be happier to have Bohdi in the neighborhood. You truly feel like each person who works there knows coffee and the nuances of making a perfect, made-to-order drink. The sandwiches are good, as is the granola with yogurt and fruit. Emily is our favorite barista, but honestly, everyone who works there is a delight.I was one of the many that waited in anticipation for the opening of Bodhi.  Since Cosi closed on 2nd street we didn't have a nearby coffee house and I ended up going to Philly Java which is pretty good but the music is too loud and interferes with those of us who like to listen to our own but I digress. 
Bodhi is a cool space, small and intimate.  The servers are very nice and friendly.  But there are some serious flaws here.  First, the seating sucks.  The high stools are unstable and the table space is very limited.  The wooden chairs wobble and being able to balance a hot cup of coffee with a book or laptop is nearly impossible.  So much for the ambiance.
My biggest criticism is their coffee.  The house brews are from Stumphouse but they are super strongly brewed to the point of truly distasteful bitterness.  I love strong coffee and drink it black with no sugar but the Bodhi brews are just too strong.  The iced coffee is also really bad.  I also drink it black with some simple syrup in it to give it a bit of sweetness.  I tried it once and after near $ 4 with a tip walked a block and a half away tasted it twice and tossed it out. I was so hopefully we would have a cool place to drink coffee in the neighbor but I have been really disappointed at Bodhi.I visited Bodhi Coffee a month or two ago on the recommendation from a coffee guru friend who spoke very highly of the place.  After a lunch of champions at Federal Donuts (fried chicken and donut sandwich), a good friend and I rolled on over to Bodhi to wash our lunch down with a pour over coffee.  My partner in crime who was with me is much more of a coffee geek than I, and told me that the "pour over" method must be tried.  Our barista, Gannett(?), served us each a pour over, and explained that the beans that are used are from Stumptown Roasters out of the Pacific Northwest.  Wow.  The beans I had chosen were Guatemalan, and the coffee came out perfect containing an immense amount of depth without having that strong, overly roasted flavor.  This was not a dark roast bean, so the milder subtler flavors were much more distinguishable.  Great freaking cup of coffee.  For those that aren't aware, like me, the pour over method is when the barista hand pours hot water out of a special type of kettle with a steady even stream over the ground beans that sit on a filter where the coffee, then drips into a vessel below.  It takes a steady hand, and obviously practiced skill.  
Unfortunately, we did not have a lot of time to kill in Bodhi as both of us had to get back to work, but I will definitely return soon.  This is a place that really takes coffee seriously with a major respect invested from where the beans are sourced all the way through every step to the final product in your mug.  I don't think you have to be an uber coffee nerd to appreciate the final product, because in the end it's a damn fine cup of joe.  I can't attest to the quality of the food or other products in Bodhi, but I can only assume that they put as much thought into those as well.  I'll be back...Another 5 star coffee house in Philly, this one located in the Olde City. Cute & small with aircon inside and some outdoor seating too. Coffee was great. I just had espresso but they do cold filtered varieties and traditional American coffee too. No table service was necessary and the staff were polite and efficient.What an amazing find this was....and all thanks to my yelp app! I had an hour to spare waiting to see a movie at the Ritz and checked my phone to see where I could get a snack and a great cup of coffee. Bodhi popped up and I couldn't have been luckier!
I ordered what basically looked to me like a modified cuban sandwich. Hot pressed with spicy mustard and layered with tons of pickles....was actually to die for good!
The iced coffee with milk and sugar might have been one of the best I've ever had and I find myself extremely picky when it comes to coffee. It was creamy but strong and the perfect temperature. I posted up in the window with my buddies and the hour quickly slipped away!
Thanks bodhi!My review is about 3 months overdue, but the service was great... The barista was by herself on Labor Day and they were pretty busy, but she kept it together and got everything to everyone promptly. My Chai latte was tasty and I had the best Everything Bagel I've ever had at Bodhi Coffee. I can't wait to go back to Philadelphia and stop in again.Bodhi is nothing short of lovely. The front window is a prime perch for watching snowflakes fall while sipping on Bancha tea. The Synesso is the dream machine of baristas and gourmands alike. Airy and well lit, you will be remiss if you fail to notice the salvaged lights, chairs and handsomely selected accents throughout.I really wanted to like my drink but it was a mediocre version of a caramel macchiato. My friend's iced tea was good and tasted like kool-aid. Limited seating, cool featured local art (almost bought the pricey cup and bowl. They were beautiful!) The pastries looked yummy but i can't say for sure. Maybe I'm too picky with my coffee or had a meh first time experience.Great place for a cup of Joe
At a center city price but the setting and views are the best!I'm on the fence for this place.
The coffee is from Stumptown, and I know it's supposed to be great coffee. Maybe because I'm not a coffee connoisseur or something? I've had Stumptown in NY before, so I dunno.
I also had Chai from here and it was ...not good at all. It tasted like I added milk to my chai tea bag. 
I love wooden tables but felt like the interior was lacking somewhere, but not sure where.
Maybe it was an off day, so I'll go back with a book.Cute and cozy (read:small) coffee shop with modern farmhouse feel in Society Hill offers a good selection of NY's Stumptown coffee plus a small selection of tea (3 black, 3 green, maybe 5 herbal) and related finger foods. It's quiet, has wi-fi, and about 7 tables plus window and counter seating so its good for quiet conversation or as an office, which is seemingly how many people use it. Good luck getting a table though as many people camp out here for the afternoon. Service is friendly and the bathroom is super clean.I first heard of Bhodi after having tasted Stumptown Coffee in NY, and was so glad to find out that this coffee shop had opened here to serve it. 
The shop is really cozy, and simple, but doesn't have very much seating inside. From the look of the equipment, they are using a top-notch espresso machine and grinders. That being said, my espresso wasn't nearly as good as it could have been, but I think this is more because the baristas seemed to be new at this, so when I got my cup, there were definitely hints at the full flavor it could have had, but it was lacking. 
However, I think this will change as they get used to making espresso, and eventually it will be as good as the shop in NY. 
It's a great place to come in and relax or get some work done. Check it out!Small but good food/drinks and a great place to sit and chat, do work, whateverLove the coffee here. The drip coffee is not too bitter, it's not too light; it's just right. Great staff here. I love that there are no snarky candy-assed hipsters here like they have at some other places that shall remain unnamed. It is a bit pricey though, but you get the respect you demand here.Hospitality, charm, electrical outlets, and a coffee that has refills. SWEET!
Oh, and that coffee is tasty too.They do make an excellent coffee. I usually order a plain espresso or macchiatto so you notice the quality immediately - nothing is masked. A laid back, easy going, no one bothers you kind of place. Just don't tell the barista your for Trump, you may not get served! (I was served.)Great place for a cup of coffee! I had the cappuccino and really liked how it wasn't too sweet (I've found that most places add way too much sugar). Latte art is always a plus for me as well.
One downside is that this place may be a bit too small for larger groups. Nonetheless, it's small and cozy.We got a couple Cold Brews to go, they were good.  But the coffee was way too light and then there is a bun of ice of course.  So, we enjoyed them, but the bottoms of them were certainly not full of very much caffeine.  They should up the potency of their cold brew.
The place is a typical, low-key, artsy independent coffee shop, which I like to support.  And it is nice to see that they have artwork on the wall from likely a local artist.  They do not have any silly print/poster that they picked up at TJ Maxx or the like.  Pastries looked pretty good, but we did not have any.It was one of THOSE mornings.  The kind that isn't actually a morning, but more a mid-day. One in which you wake up on a friend's couch with melted cheese in your hair. You have to make the trek back west but need some sort of fuel for the trip, and in spite of your squalid state, you refuse to compromise on your coffee/pastry quality.
Needless to say, Bodhi Coffee delivered, both in quality of product and in making me feel a little farther from death. I shuffled in, told the barista that it was my first time there and that I needed a minute to look at their offerings. I ended up getting an iced coffee and pain au chocolat to go.  He was extremely friendly and told me to come back again soon, even asking if I had just moved into the area. During this discussion I realized that there was melted cheese on my longchamp bag. 
The iced coffee was delicious and rich (almost malty) in flavor.  I drank it black. It rejuvenated my being. 
The pain au chocolat was delicious, buttery, and fresh. I can see why I got the last one, they must sell out every day! 
I plan on returning sometime soon when I am more coherent to bathe in the ambiance and stick around for a refill (or two).Ewww-- right after tamping down the coffee, the barista blew off the extra dust/grinds on the tamper before pushing it into the espresso maker.  That's right-- with his mouth, blew on my coffee.  Gross.  Why not just spit on a napkin and wipe it off?It's not difficult to find a good coffee house in Philadelphia, so the outstanding cafes really stand out.  I've frequented Bodhi since it opened last April and found the place to be simplisticly charming with the proper blend of great products, friendly service and artisan-crafted drinks.  
Apart from the killer location of Headhouse Square, it's a great spot to get a drip coffee or rich mocha after rummaging through the Farmer's Market on Sunday.  I particularly loved escaping into the warm shop and getting a hot cup after shoveling snow last winter - their Stumptown coffee can perk even the exhausted!  
Their coffee blends are a bit pricy but exquisite nonetheless (You do get what you pay for, after all - I would prefer an Audi A8 in a cup then a Honda Element crap drip) but as a northwest native, I'm partial to the Portland Stumptown brand.  If you don't like strong coffee, I'd ask them to put an ice cube or a little water in your cup to mellow the bite (especially if you get the Hairbender blend) but for the daring that enjoy bolder flavors, you won't be disappointed.
You'll find many local organic packaged foods and a few baked goods here and they'll recycle all of your garbage which is a refreshing change in our grimy "just chuck your trash anywhere" city. 
Overall, I'd recommend this shop to anyone and think it is by far one of the best in Philly.This place is amazing. Coffee was really good as well as food, and staff let me stay in this incredibly quiet and peaceful place for a pretty long time. Everyone was really friendly, and gave me tips about Philly as I was just visiting for a few days. Thank you so much!What a great place to go. Always worth the hike from university city. Busy usually but the staff is so nice and work real quick. Coffee variety is awesome and coffee is made by professionals. One if the best coffee shops i have tried in philly so farI adore this place. I used to live a 30minute drive away and would indulge myself with a latte and stroll around the Society Hill area just to visit this cute cafe during those crazy winter days (watch out for ice patches on those cobble stones!). 
Their foam is beyond perfection if not inspirational to me. Not too dry and airy but somewhat on the dense side so that it melts smoothly into the perfect ratio of soothing milk and espresso lying below. The foam art is ALWAYs on point by their friendly attentive baristas, too! This is no easy feat as my barista-ing days in San Francisco are long over.
This is hands down my favorite coffee place is Philly (not going to lie-- Philly has a lot of awesome contenders such as Elixr and Menagerie). 
Another incredible plus I found out today is that they are furry paw animal friendly! There is a water bowl outside and a few tables where my furry baby and I enjoyed an amazing morning. I'm so glad I live much closer now and can enjoy this place more easily.
There is very doable "free" 2 hour residential parking as well as plenty of meter parking nearby.I know this place is for premium coffee first and foremost, but they make some amazing bagels. We got this place right before heading back to DC so it was a cafe au lait and 2 all everything wheat bagels with cream cheese. The coffee wasn't anything I hadn't had before but the bagels............. DAMN! I could eat an entire dozen of those bad boys! Packed with wholesome flavor and not dry in the slightest. The cream cheese had extra lard or something in there as well, it was way too creamy (in an awesome way). 
Definitely coming back for the bagels.After a long delightful day of walking in Philadelphia, tired, and cold I stepped in here. The latte I had was delightful - warm and made to perfection.Some of the best coffee I've ever had.  Great location. A couple more food options would be good,  but can't complain.I've been here twice and each time I had a good experience. My most recent visit I ordered a London Fog(earl grey with steamed milk) and it was quite enjoyable. I do wish it was sweeter but I had never really tried a London Fog before, so I'm not sure whether it was of good quality. My friend on the other hand, had a cold brew and she said it was really good! Definitely should try the coffee. The location is right near South Street, so you can just grab and go over to South Street! Or sit down and enjoy your drink cause it's a cute place to do that.Such an adorable society hill coffee shop! The cappuccinos are delicious and the barista was very fun. I stumbled on here by chance while doing some bike couriering and I definitely plan on coming back here with my laptop to work.Found this coffeehouse awhile back, but yesterday was the first time I tried the coffee after my movie at the Ritz East. I ordered my usual drink, Caffe Americano. Thought the coffeehouse was quaint and very cozy and cute. It's easy to come in and sip a coffee and relax. The espresso was good too. I was sitting inside and then moved outside. It's far enough away from South Street, you can sit and relax.This cafe gets 4 stars for being an independent establishment that knows how to brew a good coffee concoction. I often drive across town to get a good cup of Joe.  However, I am disappointed that Bohdi no longer carries Stunptown Coffee and has moved to beans from other coffee roasters.  That's ashame and I don't know why they cannot see Stumptown is an Indy coffee institution that should not be thrown by the way side.This coffee shop is the cutest! It was relatively quiet and had a great selection of drinks. I'd say the only downside was the wifi.Bodhi Coffee has a relaxing, quiet atmosphere and IS dog friendly. They have specialty drinks and nice small bites & pastries.  My issue is that I typically have issues when I am there, I have had food given to away to other customers, paid for food that they didn't have (key ingredients missing), and in general it seems as though the staff is uncommunicative or immersed in conversing with one another rather than talking with customers.This is the epitome of hipster. Tucked in HeadHouse area, this place has limited seating, but is very quaint (maybe a little rundown? if you are into that aesthetic). If you want to get some work done, I would recommend coming during an off-hours. The customer service is okay, but they seemed to be more interested in chatting with each other and their regulars (which they definitely have plenty of). My chai latte was alright! The bathroom had some fruit flies and there was a bee around the potted plants when I went there.Dude ... coffee madness. Get your ass to Bodhi. this is what java is supposed to taste likeFresh squeezed orange juice. Fresh NY style bagels, great service.Great place for a meeting or to study. Im here studying with my friend for an exam. Great sandwhiches, the cucumber one with goat cheese was fantastic!! (But come early for the food)  nice chill music and great overall atmosphere.What a great spot! Friendly staff, properly made iced coffee, & reliable wifi. Definitely coming back.I was in Philly for a Halloween weekend wedding. Needless to say, I needed some coffee the morning after the wedding! I looked up coffee shops near my hotel before I arrived since I don't mess around when it comes to my morning brew. I decided on Bodhi and am so glad I did. I got there before the morning rush and was able to watch the market set up, grab a seat, read the paper, and enjoy a delicious hand poured brew made with Stumptown beans. Few things are better than pour over coffee and Bodhi knows how not to mess with a sure thing. My friendly server helped me pick a bean variety and looked chic in her selvage jeans while doing it. I also had a yummy organic, grass-fed cow yogurt from NY. This is definitely a great local coffee shop to support.Stopped at Bodhi for the first time this past week! What a great coffee place! I'm a huge "coffee head" and get picky where i go. I would def recommend this to any serious coffee drinker, they know there stuff! Can't wait to stop back! Thanks guys!LOVE THIS PLACE. the drinks are inexpensive and i especially love the seat facing the window covered with green plantsBodhi Coffee is a neighborhood gem.
I visited the coffee-shop during a recent business trip to Philadelphia.  The baristas were very friendly. The coffee, made from Stumptown beans, was excellent. I tried a few of their sandwiches during my stay. The mozzarella and tomato was divine, and the breakfast sandwich - a concoction of pesto, cheese, and sliced hard-boiled eggs - was unexpectedly good and a recipe I plan to make at home. The baked goods, especially their almond croissants, were also delicious. 
Thank you for your hospitality and great service!This is based on the chai latte alone, as this place is pretty cute and cozy and has a nice view overlooking Headhouse Square. 
The guy making my drink pulled out a box (we're talking like the boxes of chicken broth you buy at the supermarket with the little plastic spout) of pre-made liquid Tazo chai latte mix to make my drink. Easily the worst chai I've ever had. If you're not a chain coffee shop then you should make your drinks with love, or at least with fresh ingredients.Stopped here for hot chocolate while I was passing through town.  Staff is friendly, hot chocolate is rich.  Wasn't too crowded, but the place is small and not much indoor seating.  There is some outdoor tables for you to use if the weather is nice.  Location is great, off a side stress so you avoid the business chaos of South St.Bodhi ain't your typical corporate coffee chains startin' with a S... and if it ever got to that point, I bet Bodhi would slap itself upside the head and shut down out of pure shame.  While the place itself is tiny and quaint, reminiscent of an English teahouse, the coffee is straight from the caffeinated roots of the Pacific Northwest.  Adorable paper cups inked on the side with the Bodhi logo and a friendly barista lend itself to that laidback PNW atmosphere, even without the added oomph appeal of this Philly coffeehouse being one of very few places in the city to serve Stumptown Coffee.
If this place wasn't so hard to get to during my morning commute, I'd be mainlining this place every blessed weekday.Chilled out ambience. Great music. Barristas are fun and friendly. Coffee and food products are delicious. A wonderful place to stop at near head house.I am often in Philadelphia visiting my fiancé's family, and this was our first time at Bodhi; I wish I had discovered Bodhi sooner! I am very particular about chai tea, and I was happy to hear that they brewed their chai per order.  My fiancé ordered the maple latte with extra maple, and he said it was the best he has ever tasted. Thank you for being a great small business, and we can't wait to be back!A quiet cozy coffeehouse with serious baristas that really know their coffee. Splurge on a cappuccino and sit down to enjoy it -- you'll be wooed by the quality espresso, perfectly steamed milk and always beautiful crema rosettas. 
Prices are higher than your typical java joint, and the sandwiches are not very great, but the coffee can't be beat.this is a really cute place, but the cold brew was pretty meh (more on the acidic side). was also trying to get work done but like other reviewers have said, the lighting isn't the best and it gets pretty dim. however there are outlets and free wifi, so that's a plus!Delicious! I got the goat cheese honey and walnut bagel with a ginger lemon tea. Service was great and very reasonable pricesIs it just me or has the quality of the coffee/espresso gone down in the past couple of months? I loved going to Bodhi and the now Quaker City Coffee but haven't been the past two months. We went to Quaker City on Saturday and had a disappointing cortado. We went to Bodhi yesterday in hopes that it was a one time thing but it wasn't. I love the space, the pastries and their mission - but I don't know if I'll be getting any more espresso drinks.This is a handsome little coffee bar. The baristas seem knowledgeable but the few times I've been there I've been disappointed. I like to use coffee jargon as sparingly as possible but I wish I was more specific about my cappuccino---really wet (not much foam, too much milk). It was on the cold side, too. Bummer. I'm not a fan of lattes and prefer my cappuccino dry. Chai is made with store-bought concentrate. Also a bummer. Pour-over, however, was good! 
Seating is very limited and uncomfortable, very small tables. I still really want to like it here and will likely try again next time I'm in the neighbourhood.Having lived close to Headhouse Square for nearly a year (and passing through many a time), I'm surprised I had never thought to give this location of Bodhi Coffee a try, even though I had visited its location at 10th and Locust a few months ago. The shop is simplistic yet tasteful in its decor, mellow enough if you need a place to get work done, and boasts a full variety of teas, coffee beverages, cookies, and even a few breakfast items (bagels, croissants, etc.).  The baristas are friendly and I was warmly greeted upon my entry.  Upon glancing over their menu, I settled on just a regular hot coffee (can't go wrong with that!), and was delighted to see that if you opt to purchase your coffee to stay (rather than to go), you are entitled to free refills!  Great for mornings when you need more than one cup of coffee to get you going.  I will definitely come back!I was excited to try this new spot especially because it's right near the farmers market! Walked in and the decor was super cute, though it's small.
Walked up to order and then waited for my latte. The man at the register didn't communicate whose drinks where whos, and sure enough the barista gave my drink to someone who ordered 2-3 people after me. 10 minutes after that, I finally had my latte. Their milk and sugar bar options were minimal and poorly stocked, maybe I came on a bad day but there weren't even stirrers available. Baristas were busy so I luckily found a straw. 
The coffee was mediocre and not hot, but the cup was cute! For $5 though Starbucks has better customer service and hot coffee, and sugar in the raw! I don't add sugar but just sayin', options my friends. So many little shops in the city I likely won't be back but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and say it was a busy day. Onto the next!CUPS credit brought me here (promo code u6cah for $5 off your next coffee/treats), and I'm so so grateful it did. And also so jealous I don't live closer to this gem! 
This is a quintessential neighborhood coffee shop with a friendly barista, chatty regulars, great atmosphere, ample seating, AND free wi-fi! I came here to chill for a couple of hours, and ordered my usual latte. It was delicious, just as good as La Colombe and Menagerie IMO. Menagerie is my go-to closer to my apartment, but when I get tired of it, I'm going to walk all the way to Bodhi for a peaceful, chill afternoon. The friendly staff made it much better too. 
They have a menu of specialty drinks that I'll try next time, including Honey Bee (espresso, honey, nutmeg, milk), Ipsento (espresso, honey, cayenne pepper, coconut milk + whole milk) and other inventive creations. 
One star off because it's a little chilly and drafty indoors, so bring a cardigan.As a self-proclaimed food and drink snob, I cannot give this place enough praise.  
I discovered it last week and have been there like 5 times since. 
Have had the mocha, americano, hand pour and all have been A+.
Do yourself a favor and get a hand-pour coffee!! Totally worth the money.  Amazing.Interesting selection of coffee and tea. We had an Indonesian Java Aceh aeropressed coffee and ginger tea. Both were quite soft on the palate. We didn't eat here so can't comment on the food. The ambience was great. Most people inside were doing work.A cute, quaint breath of fresh air at the end of the strange South Street area. Friendly baristas and calm atmosphere. Not much seating, but a great place to meet up with someone or get some work done. 
Great coffee, solid. CHEAP refills (25 cents extra!). A great place overall, I'll definitely be back more often.First of all, best coffee in town
Second of all, and I'm serious about this - best croissants in town
Last but not least, the folks here are down to earth and don't make you feel like a coffee newb when it's your first time with hand pour.
Special thanks to Jake and cronie for being awesome.This place has the best iced coffee around.  Tom is awesome and knows more about coffee and takes a lot of pride in the place than any other owner I have met in a while.  Great place to stop in, its also worth going out of your way for even if you are not in the neighborhood.