Go for the ribs!  (Better than Famous Dave's)
Tucked into a cozy South Philadelphia neighborhood, this is a jewel!  Love the homemade vinaigrette dressing.  The menu has good South Philly variety, but If you like ribs, this is the place. Falling off the bones and a generous portion. The prices are great! ($13 for a 1/2 rack of ribs.)    The place is, of course, packed for dinner on the weekends and pretty crowded for dinner during the week.  There's about 20 seats in the dining room so go early to avoid wait or go for lunch ($10 for a 1/2 rack of ribs.)Don't let the neon signs scare you off.  The Bomb Bomb has really good food.  I just went for dinner with my Dad and sister, both of whom had been there before and the waitress remember them.  The wait staff was super nice, and we had drinks and appetizers quickly.  I had the stuffed calamari with spaghetti, and it was excellent.  The shrimp cocktail was excellent as well. I cant wait to go back and try the Taste of Italy.  The Ice Box Cake is very good.    Its  a great, cozy place with great food.  Go here soon!!!!3.5 stars. Great south Philly spot and as south philly as you can get. There's a bar in front separating the smaller dining area with about 7-8 tables of varying size. Appeared to be filled, with all locals. Waitress was super friendly. Sangria was tasty, but at the bottom of the glass was craisens?! Ok enough to get a second. 
For app we got the mussels in red. Zero complains there other than having to ask for more bread, duh you need bread for the sauce.
Salmon special was 3/5 stars- topped with a lemon square, shrimp and crab meat. Not a bit hot :( and served with broccoli 
BF got the full rack of ribs- and devoured those- they were falling right off the bone. Fairly meaty
The warm peach cobbler was closely worth ordering a second, served with ice cream
I'd return for the mussels and to try the ribs or another trial at their authentic s. Philly Italian. And def in a Wednesday for their mussels special at the barI must have had an off night here. First off the bartender when we got there tried to abscond with a $20 which she thought was a $10 (we weren't buying it)  The meal certainly wasn't very good either.  We had Italian, and maybe they are better known for their barbecue.  The chicken dish was stringy and the sauce was not that good.  My wife did not like her crab dish either.  We are easy people to please, but did not think this place was very good.  Maybe I will try again, but not for a very long while.Great food, great atmosphere. I will definitely return. The lump crab cakes and salmon bites were terrific!I hate to do this, because of the homey South Philly-ness of it all, but I did not think Bomb Bomb was the bomb bomb. I did think it was A-OK.
Mussels were A-OK. Eggplant parm was A-OK (if you like thick, deep-fried slices, otherwise don't bother), side of pasta was overcooked mush. 
House salad was the bomb (mm, salty vinaigrette). Wings were also the bomb (crazy crispy).
There are better places for classic Italian.Staff was incredibly nice and accommodating. The overall vibe was very welcoming- they really made you feel at home!  Mussels and calamari were KILLER!  And I am very picky with both ;)
Seafood was on point, and even the fries were delicious!  My boyfriend was a little disappointed with the ribs, but overall it was a great meal!The absolute BOMB! Wow! Shocked! Super authentic! Ravioli was bangin' I went back for it 3 days in a row. Gnocchi also awesome. Cooked perfectly n if u ask for the fra diavolo sauce it just is the perfect happy ending to the homemade ravs! When I go there, their food is so damned great I order a double entree!  also the woman that waitresses n works behind the bar is a doll!This place is terrible, don't ever go there... just kidding.. it's amazing. It's just a little small and I'm always afraid there won't be room for me. Some of the best italian in south philly and a truely authentic neighborhood gem.Visited here for the first time with friends a few weeks back. We only were there for a little bit at the bar but the friendly atmosphere was very welcoming and continued throughout our stay. On top of that...the drinks were made really well which is always a plus. Can't wait to go back and try some of food which looked and smelled good!Bomb Bomb is your quintessential South Philly neighborhood Italian trattoria. The bar is in the front room, the small dining room in the back room.  Lunch is casual, dinner is red-checkered table cloths. Food is red gravy, portions are large, service is delivered in a South Philly accent.  Every hood in Philly should be so lucky to have a Bomb Bomb Grill & Restaurant on one of their corners!Ya have to go on a sat. afternoon,real deal cooking,very friendly. 15 table seating.Cool typical little South Philly bar. Went there Fri. night pretty late - 9:30. I like Bud, which is almost all they have in beer which is fine with me. I got mussels which was one of the biggest piles I've every seen. (Go to Tinto and get 6 mussels on a pretty plate for ten bucks.) 
Besides being plentiful,Bomb Bomb's were - plump, juicy with a side of extra juice and bread to dip. Mildly disappointed in the white sauce because it wasn't as garlicly and spicy as I've had, but the mussels were so good it wasn't too disappointing. Friend had 1/2 rack of ribs and fries, I wasn't blown away by the ribs which I believe they're known for. Fries were great. Service was great - friendly and welcoming (with a South Philly edge) Going to DEFINITELY try it again. Would like to try that sausage someone talked about.Basic south philly food.  The waitresses are friendly, but it gets annoying the way they refer to women as "girls."  Oh well.  I like the food.  I've eaten in the dining room, but prefer the bar.  Very relaxed vibe.It's hard not to love love the Bomb Bomb.  I personally adore adore the linguine and clams.  Combined with a fried calamari starter, dinner salad, and half-carafe of house red, it's perfection perfection.  I've been called "baby girl" and "hon" here and somehow it seems just right.  To reiterate, I love love this place.came here because of the "crab spaghetti" article on philly mag and honestly wasn't that impressed. the crab spaghetti wasn't flavorful at all; the sauce was very bland, there wasn't that much crab meat and the noodles were overcooked.
the star dish here is definitely the ribs, they were really well cooked and full of flavor. the service here was also very good, our apps almost came out right away and our waitress was very kind. it's definitely a casual dining experience and not that big of a dining area.
one complaint that i had was that the women's bathroom door is located right next to a table, so when i had to use the restroom i had to literally go behind someone that was eating dinner and had to ask them to move their chair so i can use the restroom!My wife and I went to Bomb Bomb on a Friday afternoon after being recommended by a co-worker.  The food and service were both amazing.  I ordered the rack of ribs and my wife ordered the chicken parm, both were delicious.  It looks like we found our new Friday afternoon date spot!I've lived in south philly for 4 years and it was my first time here. Paula was our bartender and she was the sweetest lady ever! Service was great. We sat at the bar. I didn't eat but my friend did and she said the food was great! I am making this my local bar!Came here for dinner with my best friend before heading out for a comedy show.  Original plan was for a place we usually go to, but he said he had heard some great things about Bomb Bomb and when I called from the road, staff said come on in!
I wasn't feeling for BBQ, but they also have some bangin' seafood and Italian dishes.  We started off with some roasted red peppers, sharp provolone and prosciutto.  This was gone very quickly because it was so good.  For entrees, my friend had the crab gravy with spaghetti, and I went with the Chioppino - Scallops, shrimp, mussels, and clams.  I made a switch on the gravy asking for the Fra Diavolo sauce.  WOW!  I think for the first time ever a Fra Diavolo gravy was actually spicy to bring some real sweat down my forehead and clear out my sinuses.  This, my Yelp friends, is actually a good thing.  Lots of seafood, and super tasty.  My only small complaint would be how the gravy was not thick at all.  My friend's meal was also gone quickly as it tasted so good.
We had a couple of beers and wine, and an awesome time.
I also have to give props to whomever the hostess was.  She was just like everyone's mom in the place and you could tell that she really enjoyed her job interacting with the customers.  After watching me try to eat the pasta, she ended up bring me a seafood plastic bib and insisting I put it on.  Actually, she put it on for me and sweet talked her way through it.  She was just so pleasant a staffer.
I'll definitely have to try some of the other specialties of the restaurant like the BBQ.  Can't wait!
$105 including tip for appetizer, 2 entrees, 3 drinks.EVERYTHING WAS AWSOME!
I booked a reservation for a Saturday for my Birthday. I hate that I don't remember her name, because she was amazing and super sweet. She even called the day before to confirm it. 
The place is super small, but the service and food are larger than life! The waitress, I believe was the same woman that took the reservation. She was incredibly friendly and attentive to our whole table. This place has a very homely south philly vibe that doesn't get more authentic. They offer incredible options on their menu, it is so hard to choose. We went during Crab Fest, a few in our party ordered the steam pots which were satisfying to the very last drop! I myself ordered the rib and chicken combo. AMAZZZZING!!!!!! Everyone loved their meal!
I could go on forever about this place, but really, you just need to get in there and experience it for yourself. you will NOT be disappointed!Spaghetti with crab meat is sooooo good. Mussel is also great. The same lady who works there is always super friendly. Great spot in south Philly to sit and just hang out.So happy we found this great place close to our home. Friendly warm service and fantastic food with very reasonable prices. You have to get the mussels app, they were fabulous and a substantial bowl that served as my dinner. 
p.s. The bomb-bomb lager is superb!I came for the barbecue and was NOT disappointed. I ordered the Bomber, and I got a mountain meat. Huge portions, casual atmosphere, and extremely friendly local staff make this place a South Philly gem. Eat at Ba-Bomb!Terrible experience. Made a reservation for 8pm and ended up leaving at 9pm without being seated. Hostess was rude and refused to give reasonable updates on when we would be seated. There was no point in making a reservation if we had to wait atleast an hour and never be seated. Would not recommend to anyone. Hostess argued with us when we informed her we were leavingThis is a great little spot. I had the Chicken Marsala and it was about as good as it gets when eating out. The homemade Vinaigrette salad dressing was also very good and they leave the bottle on your table so you can use as much as you want. I hate when places get stingy...... Had a crab-cake appetizer that was just OK. It wasn't bad. The Ice box cake is awesome.
Not sure why its called a BBQ grill, its mostly Italian dishes.
I would say its better than Ralph's.So happy being full and so is the whole family. Best spaghetti and muscles on earth.Went for a quick work lunch and it was lovely! Besides the name- it's so comfortable and homey! Staff were attentive, food was good temperature and tastes great! The unsweetened tea was not my fave but my coworker tried the lager and loved it! I got the roast pork sandwich (without bread so they put it in a bowl for me!) Thanks bomb bomb!WOW -  this place is great.  The BBQ sauce was amazing.  Be warned, the servings are very large!  Try the icebox cake (my first time, and I'm a fan).I have few rules in life.  One is never to order BBQ from a place that does not have a visible stack of hickory wood outside.  Based on the reviews here, I broke that rule today.  I can't say, I'm TERRIBLY sorry, as I had a good bar lunch.  I just didn't have great BBQ.   First off, I didn't expect much from baby backs, as no true BBQ afficianado considers them actual 'cue.  Shoulder, brisket, meaty St. Louis cut spares, yes, but baby backs are not meant for 6-8 hours of slow smoking over fragrant wood.  As long as they are not parboiled (where what little flavor they have is drained) a slow roast in an oven, a slathering of KC-style sweet sauce, and a quick caramelization of same on a grill (even a gas one) is the recipe.  These were a cut above Chili's, but despite their juicy meatiness, the telltale pink smoke ring was sorely missed.   As far as atmosphere, it was pure S. Philly. Chatty locals, and an even chattier barmaid made it feel homey.  The barmaid was pretty efficient considering the huge holiday party in the dining room.  I didn't need salt and pepper anyway.  Fries already had some salt. Standard frozen ones, but hot out of the fryer.  I should mention  the cole slaw was freshly made and interesting, but I'l reveal one of my other rules.  I never go to a rib joint because of their cole slaw.
Also drinks were not cheap. A measured shot of Tullamore Dew and a house lager (kind of sour) set me back 13 bucks.  I can do that on any major airline (and less on SouthWest.)
This was a 1/2 hr. ride from my house, and I wouldn't do that again for the ribs.  The mussels on the other hand, looked worth the trip.Bomb Bomb has the most Original Old-School Italian tasting food you can get! Their Eggplant Parmesan Platter is to die for. They have seafood when in season, that can't be beat. The rest of their menu is delicious too.Ravioli, their gravy is like Mom used to make, I would definitely recommend Bomb Bomb for the Best Italian dinner in South Philly. They have about 10 tables so call ahead to see if seating is available, or make a reservation. They also have a bar in case you want a few drinks afterward.not very consistent. sometimes good sometimes bad. last chicken parm i got was like rubber.Stopped by on a during on a HOT June Saturday before a Phillies game. Went in wanting to try items off of their summer crab fest menu but it was simply too hot to feast and then sit outside in the heat. Instead, our group all ordered sandwiches. 
Our service went downhill after we ordered $12-15 sandwiches instead of $25-30 entrees which is a shame because the food was good and if we had service to match it would have been an all around positive experience. 
The restaurant is extremely small with a tiny bar area. We made reservations and probably needed them since it filled up. I had the roast pork sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe. The pork was perfectly cooked and lived up to PHL standards. The sandwiches came with potato chips and the burger came with fries. We would have all upgraded to fries if we realized. 
Hoping to get back before summer ends for crab fest!I take my wife here every year for Valentines day. The dining room is cozy and perfect for date night. 
The food and service are top notch. I usually order a pasta or veal dish. My wife usually orders BBQ. We always make sure to save room for desert and love when we see Ice Box Cake on the menu. 
The staff is attentive and friendly. We always leave with a doggy bag and enjoy our dinner again the next day. 
Skip the chain and try real food at reasonable prices. I guarantee you'll be back!Beat spaghetti ever with muscles try both red and white and ask for more garlic breadI have been to the Bomb Bomb several times.  Each experience was extremely positive.  Bomb Bomb has a relaxed atmosphere and the staff is  friendly and accommodating.  The kitchen has no problem with special requests.  My favorite dish so far has been the calamari with pasta.
You won't go wrong with the Bomb Bomb.Just moved into the neighborhood, and already I think I have found my go-to hangout. Italian/BBQ combination - yeah, it is as good as it sounds. 
First, I had to try the BBQ. I did the brisket sandwich, which was sloppy as all hell in the best possibly way. I could hear the housewives of South Philly at whispering at the end of the bar about how quickly I devoured the sandwich, which only motivated me to eat more. So, I tried the pulled pork sliders that my buddy got. 
Next time around I'll have to try the mussels.The wonderful, quick-talking bartendress had recommended them. That paired with some spaghetti, will provide a portfolio for me to completely judge Bomb Bomb's hangout worthiness. 
So far they've hit all the marks. Yuengling, BBQ, grandmother-esc italian comfort food, Campari, even their own beer on tap (they were out of it during my first visit). Oh, and they have tripe. That may not mean much to you, but I happen to enjoy it (when in the right mood); and it is extremely hard to find well done tripe. 
I have a strong feeling--a very strong feeling--that I will be spending a lot of time and money in this place over the next couple years.Absolutely the best Italian food in philly !! Waitress service is great!! Humble home style feeling in here!! Food is great service is awesome!!! Desert is amazing rice pudding gotta try it!!I love this laid back place. I have tried many things on the menu and love them all. I have been here with Friends and family and clients
Not a single complaint. It truly is a great place to go. Recently I took one my kids and had a great time. With both had the Cioppino ( Genoese fish stew called cioppin ) with mussels, shrimp, oysters etc. It was so dam good I wish I had it now.
Where can you go and they let you do a stand up comedy show behind the bar while everyone party's on. It is a good time and great food.
Only down side is the parking like everywhere else in good ole south philly.
We love this place.....keep up the good work.
P.s. Look this place up online and do your homework it's good to understand the history.
PeaceThis place was written up in the South Philly Review so we thought we try it.  What peaked our interest was the hard shell craps!!  Please do not waste your time going to this place.  The crabs were not seasoned and were dry (like in old crabs)  we told the waitress that they were not fresh and she said I will make sure that you get better crabs.  The next order  of crabs came out exactly the same; Not fresh again!  Like they add been microwaved for 20 miniutes.  By this time we had eaten all of the french fries (which were the only decent part of the meal).  The waitress asked us what else would would like.  We ordered the Cioppino again tasteless with extremely overcooked pasta.  All in all the worse meal I have had at a restaurant.   The prices are not cheap and there are so many nice places in South Phildelphia were you can pay the same price for a meal and have fresh cooked pasta and fresh fish.  Try Tre Scalini!!!I first came here as a 17 year old. I remember it being a small, fun place with amazing mussels. I returned 10 years later for a bachelor party dinner last night, and absolutely nothing has changed.
The women running the joint were incredibly friendly, and made everyone feel like they were members of a family. The atmosphere of the restaurant is small, old fashioned, and wonderful, like something out of the 1950s. As we walked in (and throughout the course of the night), about 6 different people spoke with our group and congratulated the groom on his wedding- that's the charm of old South Philly neighborhoods that Bomb Bomb exudes.
I sampled a slew of appetizers (including my much beloved mussels), and they were all excellent. The mussels were as good as I remembered. For the main course I ordered the ribs and chicken combo, and was incredibly satisfied. The ribs were the best I've had outside of Texas. The prices were very fair I'd say, and the drink selection was just fine. The only small let down was the Bomb Bomb lager, but that was such a minor thing it really doesn't register with me. 
Bomb Bomb is excellent. Even if it's not everyone's thing, it's worth a trip, especially for visitors to the city or first time residents, to see what old fashioned South Philly neighborhood culture is like.Don't be fooled but the old-style italian feel this place gives off... Get the ribs, they're ah-mazing! Meaty, tender, falls off the bone, great sauce. Make sure to get a birch beer with your meal. Worth every penny!I enjoy the spicy food and the secret unique flavors. 
Really can be difficult to find a seat as the restaurant and bar area is very small.  Worth it if you go.One of my favorite local restaurants that I've been going to for years. Seriously some of the best food in the city. Six of us (my parents, my sisters, my fiance, and my cousin) went out for my mom's birthday on the 17th since we haven't dined there in a while. Great as always.
I ordered clams on the half shell & veal marsala.  We also had antipasta, bruschetta, and mussels for the table.  Everything was slammin. My poor fiance gave himself a tummy ache when we got home because he wanted to eat his leftovers already (chicken scallopini),though, it was obviously worth it for him just sayin...
Anywho, commenting on the service, we were seated very quickly and our servers/bussers were great the entire night. Can't wait to go back again as I've always have in the past.Fantastic!  Great service,  great food, great atmosphere. The seafood is fresh and so is the pasta. This place is da bomb bomb. (Sorry, I had to say it.)Great family owned restaurant. The owner was super friendly and very attentive. Prices were good as well. Will definitely be going back.Been here for a few more dinners since and still as great as ever. Wednesday night, definitely check out their $5 mussel bowls. Best in the city!Do not go here if you want fresh hard shell crabs.  Tried  it a couple of Saturdays agao and sent the first order back and the second order.  They had been sitting around, not fresh.  You can tell hen crabs have been sitting round if you have to use a chisel to get the meat out!!  Not sure about the rest of the good but there are much better places for FRESH crabs.Yelp help find this mom and pop joint and we couldn't be happier with our visit.  We had the chicken wings for a starter and they were very good.  The BBQ ribs were great.  Fall off the bone meat.  One of us had a mussel and pasta and scored a two thumbs up.  The staff was very friendly.  You will not be disappointed with your stop here.This restaurant is excellent. It is one of mine and my husband's favorites. It is cozy and comfortable. The food is outstanding. I love their eggplant parm. The service is outstanding. They have great lunch specials too. My husband loves, loves, loves the ricotta pie. It is such a warm and friendly place. I would give it 10 stars if I could. Note: there are only 8 tables in the dining area and two small tables in the bar area.Went here last night with my boyfriend for our anniversary. I got the clam linguine and he got a half rack of ribs - both were outstanding! The linguine red sauce was so good I was eating it with a spoon after all my pasta was gone! 
I was also a fan of the atmosphere - very homey :) Great spot for a casual date night.We decided to stop in and try this place out before a show at the Wells Fargo center. 
Reservations were easy and the place was close enough for a quick cab ride.
The restaurant is small and cozy.   
We ordered bruschetta as an appetizer and it was very tasty. Loved it.
My friend ordered the spaghetti and crabcake.  It's not a usual combination but she said it was very good.
I ordered the BBQ chicken and rib special.  I was expecting chicken breast and ribs...  It was dark meat.  I was disappointed but when I read the menu it never said breast so my fault.  I just never had dark meat and ribs.  I will need to read closer and ask next time.
We had chocolate cake.  It was huge and tasty.
Will I be back?  probably.Bomb Bomb is a friendly, cozy place with great food and usually very good service. 
The food has never disappointed, but the menu is a bit of a wonderful mish mash. The Italian entrees are good. The Sammiches are good. The barbecue is good. Whatever's on special is usually very very good. We were recently there for "Calamari week."
The staff is mature and totally not worried about being cool, a refreshing change. The staff all appear to be neighborhood types which is also refreshing compared to the Latinization of other Philly kitchens.
The only drawback is the service lag that happens at small restaurants when half their tables are taken up with one large loud party.
Avoid the crowds by going on a weeknight or for a super yummy lunch. They do slightly better than average on vegetarian offerings. Dress to please yourself. I've seen fancy clads lads and ladies as well as guys in their working guy clothes.Bomb Bomb is the bomb !!! haha it is the perfect casual spot with dynamite food, great service, and an authentic South Philly vibe. I've tried both their BBQ and Italian options and haven't left disappointed! I've had their BBQ ribs, chicken parm, and chicken Roma (probably my favorite - but it's a tough call) and all were delicious! My boyfriend had their BBQ combo (the ribs were better than the chicken), the St. Louis ribs special (with homemade Mac and cheese and homemade cornbread - best cornbread I've ever had!), & a combination of the chioppino and the fra diavolo (linguine with crabmeat, scallops, and shrimp in the fra diavolo sauce). He loved it so much he's talked about t to anyone who would listen! Truly recommend !!!I would give it 0 stars if I could. Food was super mediocre. I order a shrimp scampi with chicken. Barely any taste. My pasta tasted like it was sitting in oil soup. Chicken was very dry & tasteless. And the little plate cost me $30. I'm disgusted. Never coming here again. I think the waitress made up the prices. Just horrible.This is a great place and true to South Philly Italian food.  The Calamari was done to perfection and the special veal ravioli had a delicious red gravy on it.  What set's this place apart from other places in Philly is the atmosphere, our waitress and the BBQ ribs.  The old school south Philly feel along with the combination of the waitress (who seemed more like a mother trying to make sure her kids' bellies were full) was priceless.  And then there's the BBQ... I know, seems odd for an Italian place, but in my mind, it was the finishing touch.  Granted, the ribs could have had more of a smokey flavor (that's a personal preference), but they fell off the bone as they should and the sweet and hot sauces were done just right.  A must to return.My boyfriend and I absolutely love it here. Everytime we go back, they make us love it even more. Service is always phenomenal, food is amazing and their bomb bomb lager is pretty great too!! I recommend bomb bombs to everybody I know. :)I just moved to the neighborhood and tend to be a little shy about going into established neighborhood spots like this because I feel like an outsider.  But since this place has such a great reputation, I got over myself and went in with a couple of friends.  We were greeted warmly and made to feel welcome.  We sat at the bar and shared a seafood special, calamari with spicy relish, ribs, salads, and mozzarella sticks.  The food is all delicious.  Especially the seafood.  Wow that red sauce is addictive.  As we sat and gorged ourselves, lots of  local families and people of all ages started to pile in for dinner.  The place is tiny and cozy with a comfortable, familiar vibe and friendly, fast service.   I love it and will be back often!Had the half rack of ribs and chicken for $17. The ribs were delicious but the chicken was a little dry. I'd just get the half rack next time and would be satisfied. The bomb bomb lager was great too. Definitely worth the parking fiasco.Local place, very cozy and neighborhoody.  Food was very good, service was personal and quick.  Prices are typical.  Parking is a bit tough.  Recommended, just allow a little time.Bomb Bomb is a gem.  
I note one or more reviewers felt the area was questionable...couldn't disagree more.  Never have I ever felt less than safe at the restaurant or walking home.  
I generally go for their happy hour specials and quite frankly they are great.  $2 beers are great.  Happy hour also includes a host of apps, some I've yet to try, however each and every item I've tried is good...especially the pork wings.  
Last week the restaurant tweeted about their calamari fest so we had to try.  The lady and I each had two stuffed calamari covered in sauce and let me tell you this was absolutely delicious.  The calamari special is right around the holidays and Easter so plan accordingly.
Service is phenomenal.  Paula and Linda are so incredibly friendly and quick to make sure your glass is full.  Last time I even spoke with the chef regarding how he prepared the calamari and how he gets it so tender.  
The only item I wasn't a fan of is the sangria.
I like this place so much I think I'll bring my mother here.Famous for its ribs, this joint is my favorite Philly dive bar.  Enjoyed a beer and a half rack of baby backs while watching the Phillies. Super friendly place, huge portions and great prices. Beware - Parking is non-existent. I was lucky finding a spot tonight but not always.I love to find little local restaurants whenever I travel and Bomb Bomb was recommended by a local South Philly friend of my wife...who actually came out to eat with us.  We had gone to Philly for a field hockey event and had planned to come here even before we left from home...and I was excited for a little local flavor.
Well, they didn't disappoint, that's for sure.  We started with some appetizers - Fried Calamari (REALLY tasty and served with a spicy marinara), salads (your basic house salad) and I got some steamers (a little small, but they tasted great).  For dinner both kids ordered the Chicken Parm dinner, my wife had Linguini with white clam sauce, and I had one of the specials - all you can eat crabs...Maryland Blue Crabs.  Chicken Parm was HAMMERED by the kids, who were ravenous after a long day *(I tasted it too and it was delicious - slightly sweet sauce, LARGE portion of chicken-great job with this) and my wife absolutely loved the white clam sauce (slightly thicker than she was used to, but it was great...and PLENTY of clams).  My crab experience was a little odd...the first batch that came out were chilled, almost like they serve stone crab in Miami, instead of hot and steamy.  The crabs tasted fine, but I wasn't a fan of the temperature...for my second batch I asked for them to come out hot - and they were perfect.  I love crabs, so this was a nice surprise for me.
Our waitress was great, the food was great, the wine was great, and the beer was ice cold.  It was a great South Philly experience and I'd go here again if given the opportunity.Bomb Bomb's has amazing ribs and french fries (they are scrumptiously crispy)  and incredible lump meat crab cakes. Their Italian fare is also quite good -- a friend described their italian sausage sandwich as the best he has ever had. It's a cozy place that does a lot of business and street parking can be hard to come by, but it's well worth the trip. The only drawback is that their beer selection is a bit weak. If this place had a better beer selection I'd be there several times a week.A quaint place only several dining tables. Only one waitress with a bus boy who didn't seem too helpful. Food was pretty good I'd give that a 4 out of 5. Just wish the waitress had more help instead of the busboy and bar lady just standing around.Every time I'm feeling under the weather this delicious chicken escarole makes my tummy happy.... along with everything else they have which is fabulousThis is NOT high-end italian food...it's food like my italian grandmother made, so just be forewarned. When I have gone there and eaten in the dining room, I thought it was pricey, but I usually go there to satisfy my twice-annual craving for sausage and pepper sandwiches and eat at the bar. I would not say it's kitschy, it's jut real south philly. If you want good south philly italian cheaper with a better atmosphere I'd go to ralph's.Ate here a couple times. 
Lead-in bar with TVs is cool to chill and have a few. Talked it up with the locals about area hospitals. These guys know their service standards at hospitals! Dining area is small, but hey you're in So.Ph, whaddaya expect? Service was good, wait staff was attentive. Prices reasonable, portions are satisfying.
Had the chicken parm during a lunch hour my first time out. Was ok. Chicken portion was reasonable. Pasta was pasta. Gravy didnt knock my socks off, but was good nonetheless.
Second time I ate there I had the St. Louis ribs with fries. Non-coated, thin steak fries. Not too salted, good.  They won the Gary Maddox  BBQ challenge a few years back. Thats what drew me to order the ribs and tthey were good. Good spice blend dry rub. Wasn't fall off the bone, which is good to me. I like to work for it, not have it slop off  in mid-bite. With that, consistency was still tender. I'm no bbq connoisseur, but I've had better. Dont get me wrong, really good ribs, but just not my fave.
I'd eat here again.Food was salty and weak drinks. The entrance on the corner leads to the bar. The restaurant entrance is on the sidewalk. The waitstaff was friendly, but food wasn't what I expected.Had to go try this out...  I've been hitting as many south phila places as possible since I'm in the area a lot these days. Food was decent - nothing spectacular, but ok (we ate italian). What surprised me was the bill - $240 (with tip) for four of us. That included a bottle wine ($30) - but jeez thats a bit more than i want to pay for non-gourmet style eatery thats on this side of ok.I love the place. Bomb Bomb's serves Italian "comfort food", and great ribs.  My experiences with the staff have ranged from very good to excellent.   It is really is a traditional South Philly establishment and doesn't attempt to be anything other than that.  Thus, the limited beer selection.  I usually go there when it isn't jammed and order food  I know they prepare well.  The menu is not heart healthy. Taste is subjective. It works for me.  Most of my family and friends agree.Really good bbq, and weird enough good Italian food as well. Not the best neighborhood but if you want to get out of center city this is a cool place w a cool story and good foodWhat can I say nice little cozy place too eat food out of this world .servers were great plenty of food for the price. just dont mine the south philly want to be mob house wifes steering you wife down . there pushing 60 and trying to act like there 20 they were the comedy act for the nite watching them talk about everyone walking in instead checking them selfs out  even the ones who face was melting off other then that Its a must for alllA friend and I stopped for dinner before the Sixers game . Excellent food (chicken parmigiana) was crazy good! Their own brewed beer was delicious! The staff was attentive and fun to interact with. The other customers were all friendly local people who must have been regulars. Kind of a cool place to go for some local taste without overpaying or having to wait to eat!This place is fantastic with great Italian food AND BBQ!
The fried calamari with the cherry pepper sauce was great, and the portion was enormous.  The chicken parm was also one of the best I've had.  My boyfriend got the rib & chicken bbq combo which he absolutely loved.  He loved it so much that it was all gone before I could sample a bite.
The service was also extremely friendly and attentive.  I also hear they have all you can eat mussels on Wed's for just $5 bucks!  I can't wait to come back here.Never have I ever had to add spices to my restaurant meals until now. I ordered a seafood pasta and my boyfriend got the ribs. The seafood pasta was beyond watery and I tasted sand in every bite. There was no taste to it. I make drunk noodles better. The BBQ, well I've had better Chef Boyardee. We were so disgusted with our main dishes we were too afraid to try the 1/8 oz of cole slaw they gave us. Our meal was close to $50! We had a loaf of bread...which wasn't bad, so essentially we paid $50 for a small load of bread. Maybe their Italian dishes are better? I'm lost how this place has 4 stars.i heard the bbq at Bomb Bomb was ... the bomb, so I had to go check it out. Plus, I recently watched the movie "10th and Wolf" and was very confused by the depiction of that area. Is this some sort of magical South Philly with doubly wide streets and trees everywhere? No, its still the Philly I know and love (can't fool me hollywood!) Actually, I was kind of expecting something like Ron's or Phoebe's or maybe even Dwight's, but instead I found a small italian restaurant with a great local South Philly vibe to it. The waitress called us "hon" and was South Philly through and through. But when i saw the menu I thought "Italian food? I'm here for ribs!" Sure enough, the only piece of bbq on Bomb Bomb BBQ's menu is a baby back rib platter. I quickly ordered a platter and it came piping hot with a giant side of fries that weren't that bad. The ribs have the look of ribs from Chilli's, but man they are quite tasty. Mostly sweet, a small amount of tangy smokiness. But more than anything, TENDER! You could literally suck the meat off the bone here. I ate the whole entire rack while enjoying a couple drinks. Street parking was easy on a weeknight in the summer. 
I have only had the ribs, but if you like BBQ this might be the best place to get some decent ribs in all of South Philly. Highly recommended, I just wish they had more on the menu than baby backs. I mean, if these are this good, can a man get some brisket?!?Service was great, but food was hit or miss. You'd expect this place to have good Italian food, but the crab pasta was underwhelming. I could have made it at home. That being said, the ribs were really good. The house chianti was disappointing, order another red wine. Despite the food, the lady's who work at the place made sure we had a good time.This is a hole in the wall hidden Gem! Ilene was our server/ bartender and she was fantastic, with the name I didn't know what to expect, but it's Italian food for the most part. I ordered the chicken Marsala which was really delicious and above my expectations, we also got the mussels, and clams on the half shell. The food was delicious although the clams were too small but that's my fault for not asking how big that work. I was very impressed with the food, on the way out I saw that they had their own bomb bomb lager, I figured I would give it a try and it was absolutely amazing! It was so great that I brought back two of my friends later that day for happy hour. We proceeded to order several bomb bomb lagers, Mac and cheese, And bruschetta all of which was delicious and great value! I would highly recommend trying this hidden place in South Philly! I certainly will be going backLove this place. Fresh seafood, no frills and worth every penny. South Philly at its best.I've been to this restaurant several times and never left disappointed. The muscles are outstanding and so is the pasta. The restaurant is small, and since I've never been there for dinner, I would highly recommend reservation.
It seems like they may have problems accommodating large parties.