I am so excited to have somewhere to get an acai bowl on the weekends when I am not in center city! I have tried the Boostin Bowl and the Banana Split Bowl and both were great! Everything is fresh and delicious. 
I would agree that the menu is a little pricey, but I don't mind paying extra to support a local business. Plus, there's a puppy to greet you at the door.Very pricey for a small amount. The acai was a little watery and I did not enjoy whole hard chocolate chips in the acai bowl.Super happy there is FINALLY a place in the city doing smoothie bowls. They only use an acai base. More like a sorbet. It is tasty and doesn't melt as quickly as a typical smoothie bowl. The bowls are topped with whatever you want. I had the PBJ bowl with bananas and nutella added. I wish they had a pitaya base as well, like Frutta Bowls and Playa Bowls. Overall this place delicious and I can't wait to try some of the smoothies .I got the avocado toast and my friends got acai bowls. The avocado toast was just okay- the avocado did not seem fresh and it was just on regular wheat toast. I could have done something better myself for cheaper. Though I myself did not try the bowls, there was very little smoothie at the bottom (for the 8 oz) and they were very liquidy.  I would opt for the 16 oz, even though $10.99 for an acai bowl is pretty steep.  Ultimately it wasn't bad, but I probably would not come here again.I was so glad when Boostin' Bowls opened in Manayunk. The staff is always friendly and the fruit is always fresh. They used to have two sizes, regular and large. But now they only have regular. Not sure what happened but I wish they still had large because it's perfect to share with another person. But other than that, I love this place. Such a refreshing snack for hot days.We've been eating acai bowls for over a year now.  We tried the bowls at the Juice Merchant but thought they were just okay, so we were excited when Boostin' Bowls opened up in Manayunk.  We tried both the Boostin' and the PB&J bowls.  The acai they use is a puree that comes from a box and blended with ice, so after a few minutes of eating, the entire bowl becomes a bland, watery mess with very little taste (or the benefits!) of actual acai.  Even though it cost us over $25, we ended up throwing half of it away and went somewhere else for breakfast.  Not sure where they learned to make acai bowls, but I don't think you're supposed to blend ice with the acai.  We make far better bowls at home with the frozen acai packs you can get from Whole Foods.  So if you want a real acai bowl, you'll need to go to the Juice Shack in OCMD or our house--not here.So so amazed with this place! Jenna does such a good job with the açai sorbet base under all of the toppings. I got my bowl, took a half hour car ride in 80 degree heat and it didn't melt! The granola had a sweet brown sugar note in it which made it even more yummy. Definitely going back and recommending to all of my friends!This place was underwhelming. Not much decor and the worker, only one, seemed dry and took a very long time making our food. Unfortunately, the puppy was not there today, which was 80% of the reason that I went to check the place out. I got the monkey bowl and added a scoop of peanut butter. The bowl itself sounded delicious, however when I got it, the bowl was a 2/10. The acaí itself was very runny and tasteless, the granola had a stale crunch, the bananas were incredibly mushy, and the scoop of PB was gigantic, so much so that I couldn't even eat one bite without it on my spoon. The only good things about the bowl were the chocolate chips and the acaí was a perfect temperature. It was also very pricey at ~$13. Good for a picture though, but I won't be returning.Absolutely the best!!! I went there last weekend and got a large acai bowl with extras. Customer service was great! The price for what you get is excellent. I can only get there on the weekends because of my work schedule and it's always the highlight of my weekend. Two thumbs up for me!Very tasty and a healthier alternative to ice cream or frozen yogurt. Def big enough to share.What a wonderful way to wake up on Saturday morning and do my pre-workout breakfast. The staff was lovely and delightful as I sneezed my way (thank you allergies) thru ordering. I got the traditional Boostin Bowl and added a little Nutella just cause I was feeling sassy...delicious delicious delicious. Its almost like you've stopped at the frozen yogurt store yet you know everything inside of it is absolutely good for you . Also got an extra half a cup of coffee on the way out, asked of course and if course wasn't an issue.  I highly recommend.First I want to say that I am SO happy that a legitimate acai bowl place has opened in the area. I've been searching near and far and have not found a single acai bowl in this city that makes me happy. I lived on the west coast and tried almost every single acai bowl in Los Angeles, and nothing in Philadelphia compares. Boostin' Bowls takes their acai bowls seriously! Texture is perfect, toppings are fresh, and granola is in abundance. However, the base isn't quite there yet. I visited during the first few days of opening, so perhaps they're still working out some minor kinks. The acai base is a bit too diluted by the other ingredients. The flavor is too light for me - lacking that rich acai punch. But I will give another try in the next few weeks and hopefully they'll have that ironed out by then!Always try to stop at this place if I'm in Manayunk in the morning, it has become a favorite of mine for the smoothies! I've tried a few of the green smoothies, the snickerdoodle green is my go to but the green goodness is also delicious. Usually get this with one of the bagels or Philly muffins. I decided to finally get one of the bowls the other day, I believe it was the monkey bowl with strawberries, and it was great! I have eaten a ton of açaí bowls on the west coast so I was interested to see how it compares here but the bowl was excellent! A little pricey, and I usually am not a huge fan of the super frozen texture of some açaí bowls but the flavor was so good with this bowl I didn't mind. Also The bowl definitely is bigger than it looks, it's a good size portion for one person or to share with something else. And the dog (monkey) is adorable always there to greet you. The girls working here are always super friendly, helpful and quick. Only thing is I do wish they were open on Mondays. Overall great place and can't wait to come back and try another one of their bowls!Love Boostin. Great toppings and they give a lot which is awesome. Açaí is so good but wish each bowl got more of the base (but keep amount of toppings)Such a cute place! My boyfriend and I got smoothies flavoring of it was delicious I just wished it was a more thicker consistency like how a smoothie should be, it was watery like juice! I agree the pricing is pretty expensive for a small cup.Was there for the first time last week!  Loved it, I'm hooked!  Tried an Acai bowl with fruit, granola and coconut.  Server, Gabby, was welcoming and made the stop so fun!SO GLAD this place exists. Great acai bowls and topping options. Tastes just like I'm in CA. Super friendly and the prices are reasonable for the quality.  I will be here all the time this summer! Hope they can have outside seating or maybe a bench.Really fresh berries and bananas! Great tasting açaí! Granola was great too. Peanut butter tasted a bit like Skippy. I'd did the job but I'd prefer the more runny freshly made peanut butter without the added sugars and hydrogenated oil. Overall though my wife and I really enjoyed our PB&J bowls! Highly recommend this place for açaí bowls!Much needed here in Manayunk. Great variety of bowls! Only thing I would maybe wonder is instead of the scoop of peanut butter on top it could be mixed into the smoothie instead. Other than that, delicious!Stopped by first thing in the morning to check this place out.  The decor is bright, airy, and very well done.  For this visit just grabbed a coffee and didn't expect it to be that good!!!  Such a nice change of pace from the very tired starbucks.  Look forward to going back to actually eat.Excited for the addition right off of Main Street! I came here twice, once for an açaí bowl, and a second time for avocado toast. The avocado toast is made with an avocado spread rather than fresh avocado, which was kind of icky. Also, you get charged .75 cents to add anything to your bowl or toast which is a ripoff. I'll probably be back for an açaí bowl but will stick to making my own avo-toast at home!All the bowls on the menu are super yummy, fruit is always fresh, açaí is THICK & not runny like other bowls from other stores that melt immediately !! Owner is so nice & the store is adorable and modern! Love this place !!Boostin Bowls is a healthy and quick option on Main Street in Manayunk, the shop is super cute and inviting. I had an Acai Bowl for the first time and was amazed at how delicious and filling it was, I definitely recommend this place to everyone in the area!Definitely addicting! I had to come back a 2nd time this week after we stopped in for the first time recently. 
Monkey the shop dog is a great welcome committee and the menu is great with plenty of variety! 
I tried the Boostin smoothie and my
Bf the bootstin bowl. They were both fresh and delicious although I agree with some other reviews that toward the end it can get watery but still has a lot of flavor. 
The smoothies are big and filling but I agree prices are a little high. I love supporting a small business though and know my smoothies at home are nowhere near as good so this will be a great place to treat ourselves to a healthy post workout meal.
They have a little something for everyone with bowls, smoothies, avo toast, and many ways to customize!Love this place. Very friendly environment and the açaí bowls are amazing. I've gone 2 days in a row and loved both bowls I tried. You won't be disappointed.Ah!!!  My prayers have finally been answered!  A place that serves ACAI BOWLS is finally here!!!  Hands down, it was the most perfectly made/blended acai bowl I've EVER had.  Before my experience at Boostin' Bowls today, my favorite spot was owned by Brazilians (naturally, since Brazil is where acai originated form) in FLORIDA.  I've tried a few places that serve acai bowls around here, and I found them to be way too sweet.  Boostin' Bowls has the most perfect blend of acai.  I opted for the Liberty Bowl (acai, raspberries, blueberries, and coconut)...SO TASTY.  Super fresh fruit + delicious coconut sprinkled all over my acai... this bowl packed with this superfood greatly helped me start my day right.  The portions are generous, the owner is the sweetest, and seriously, if you haven't gotten my point yet, the acai bowls are INCREDIBLE.     A light and healthy meal option to keep you satisfied!  Quick tip - just do it big and order the 16oz bowl... trust me, you will end up wanting more.  :)Great place! I got the green smoothie it tasted absolutely delicious! It was very refreshing and had me feeling good all morning. I highly recommend this place and can't wait to try the other ones! I did notice they do not have the hangover cure smoothie anymore on their menu just to advise anyone that's going there just for that one in the morning after a long night of drinking ha ha. You'll love this place!I hadn't been able to find decent açai in Philly since my husband and I moved here - until I stumbled across Boostin' Bowls whilst I was out and about in Manayunk.
The cafe is very clean and bright, decorated with some gorgeous succulents (as a millennial, I always appreciate a succulent). Monkey, the in-house dog, is very cute and keen to welcome every new customer!
The açai itself is delicious, with very generous toppings - I can recommend the PB&J variant.Boostin' Bowls is great after a workout or a yoga session! This place is so inviting and the owner even let's the dog Monkey walk around and greet you! Only reason I am giving a 4 star review is quite frankly based on the overall price of their bowls. You're looking at over $10 for their traditional bowls, before any additions. Other than that, highly recommend!It was pretty good but nothing extraordinary. Definitely over priced. We order the avocado toast with eggs and tomatoes which was okay idk worth $7.50 for one slice of bread, 3 grape tomatoes and one hard boiled egg. Also ordered the Boostin blend smoothie and strawberry banana smoothie-again also good but don't know if I can justify spending $8 on a smoothie. One thing I particularly wasn't a fan of was that the calorie content of each item was not specified. Don't know if we will be back :(What a seamless ordering and delivery process! We ordered 5 bowls and a smoothie to our office for breakfast. The entire process took 30 minutes from order to delivery, during rush hour at that! Fantastic service, and the order was correct. 
The bowls are AMAZING. I ordered the PB&J bowl and added bananas and nutella. Totally delicious. The base was still cold and not melted when we received it upon delivery. The fruit was fresh. 
The smoothie was very watery, I am not sure if this is normal. But my coworker enjoyed it nonetheless. This may become a regular thing!! Looking forward to my next bowl.Smooth service... First time here.... Loved it. Will make it habit... Only problem is parking but it's worth the walk...Not very good. Açaí is watery and flavorless. The banana on my bowl also wasn't ripe at all. Portion is huge but it doesn't matter because it didn't taste good. Staff is friendly though.I come here all the time. The base is refreshing and it is not a thick glob of yogurt and acai like other places. This one melts as you eat it and the acai juice is soo delicious. The toppings go well with it. My favorite is strawberries, bananas, and chocolate chips. The granola used is also of high quality and tastes really sweet. I have brought my friends here and they enjoyed it as well. The portion is huge as there is only one size available, but you do get your $ worth. I have tried other acai bowl businesses and they do not compare!Manayunk can't have too many quick healthy places to grab breakfast or a snack. Boostin' Bowls is small and clean with a simple menu to choose from. The fruit was fresh and the granola adds great texture, but the acai base did not really stand out. I would definitely return to try out some of the other topping combinations.I've had the Nutella, banana, acai/oatmeal bowl twice now and it's been super delicious both times. The contrast with the hot oatmeal and frozen acai is fantastic. A little pricey (~$11) for this bowl but I know I'm getting freshly made breakfast (with antioxidants!), so that's nice. Definitely worth the splurge sometimes.
Only thing is I wish there was counter/study space because I would like to hang out here and order a few things throughout the day but there just isn't a table space to do that. I wish it were a little warmer, not so sterile feeling inside too. Not a place to hang out, unfortunately. I will be coming back for another bowl and promptly leaving after tho :)
It's also not open Mondays! (I hope the owner considers changing this cuz I'd love to get bowls on Mondays!)Absolutely love my first açaí bowl from Boostin! I got the Superfood Bowl and added granola and flax. The base was super creamy and refreshing even on a cold November day! I also loved the combination of flavors. The woman working was friendly and very helpful- she was fast too! I was in and out in 5 minutes. 
It helps that they have an adorable pupper too. I'll be back!The bowls here are awesome and taste great. Only giving it 4/5 stars because of the price. I think they're on the higher end of the price scale compared to other places nearby. 
That said, I still frequent this location and will continue to do so. Staff is friendly, location is clean, and they're quick! Ingredients taste very fresh and they have lots of options on the menu.Went here the other day and ordered a sunrise bowl. I would not go back. My smoothie bowl had a minuscule amount of smoothie in it and instead was packed to the top with granola and coconut shavings. Not at all what I was expecting after paying over $10 for the bowl. Over all it was a pretty disappointing experience.Great little place that just opened up a block from me. I have been here twice and gotten the same thing both times because I am a creature of habit and it was great each time. I brought my Dad in today for his first açaí bowl and he loved it as well. 
Pretty straight forward menu, friendly service and good food.I love this place. The açaí is so good and fresh. The store is clean and the staff is friendly. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is sometimes the açaí bowls are different depending on who is working. Also, I feel like there should always be at least three employees especially on the weekends when it gets crowded. Definitely yummy especially the sunrise and nutty bowls.Stopped in on a Saturday morning. I got the PB&J bowl, which was so good I've been craving it ever since. My boyfriend also loved the smoothie he got. Sadly, the price and relatively small size of their açaí bowls will keep me from coming back often.the food is always good but the pricing is just so high. i used to love their acai bowls but the portion to price ratio is absurd. the bowl is so tiny and cost me $11. can find a bowl 2x bigger and for $8-9 other places in manayunk.Heard great things about this place and everything was true. I got the PB&J bowl and it was delicious. Staff was very friendly, will definitely be back and would recommend to anyone.My son and I order Boost'! Bowls every Sunday. It's our Sunday funday tradition. We love the nutty bowl  and avocado toast. So glad to have this healthy option close.Love this place. Super friendly service, açaí bowls and avocado toast are delish, and there's always at least one puppy!Great acai bowls but definitely pricey for the portion. Ordered the peanut butter and banana one with chocolate chips. They do not skimp on the toppings which was good to see. Quite filling and more of a dessert than healthy breakfast but I'll never complain about that.
Service was nice and fast. The store didn't really have seating and it's really small, so definitely more a to-go place.Love this place ! The Nutty Bowl is my favorite order. I order here almost every weekend ! Can't recommend this place enough if you are craving an açaí bowl or smoothie !First time trying their açaí bowl and it tasted great! It kept me satisfied after my workout.I've ordered delivery and stopped in. The Superfood bowl is my favorite. The shop is very cute and the staff is very friendly!So yummy! Tiny little hipster cafe with delicious açaí bowls and smoothies. They are a little pricey, but everything is fresh and made on spot. Highly recommend for a light snack/lunch. The Nutty Bowl is simply delicious!I come here for an açaí bowl at least once a week. The bowls are consistently well made and the staff is always welcoming and friendly. This is a good addition to Manayunk!one of the best acai bowls i have had!! the base was refreshing and no one skimped on the toppings! had to go back 2 days in a row!!I've been trying to eat healthy because I've definitely gained a few lbs during this quarantine so I decided to try an açaí bowl. I've always heard of them but never tried until yesterday. Let me tell you, I AM HOOKED. I ordered the tropical bowl and it was absolutely delicious. It was a blended açaí base with coconut shavings and topped banana, strawberries and mangos. I think there was some sort of syrup on it too but not sure what. Regardless, I have no complaints besides I want more! I can't wait to try the others!Dope spot. You won't de disappointed. Fresh ingredients and delicious combinations! Granola, chocolate chips, blueberries, strawberries and avocado just to name a few of their choices.The neighborhood lacks healthy options for meals/snacking so thank goodness Boostin' Bowls exists. We discovered it today-- ordered two açaí bowls and both were fantastic before a 20 mile bike ride along the Schuykill Trail. Each bowl was packed with granola, peanut butter, bananas, coconut. People behind the counter were also really nice and on top of it all.Stopped in for breakfast and tried the Boostin' Bowl + avocado toast with egg added.
The acai bowl was good.  I thought the berry flavor could have been more potent but I appreciated the fact that it wasn't overly sweet.  The fruit placed on top was fresh and ripe.  My favorite part was their granola though - it was awesome.  So light and crunchy with a slight cinnamon flavor.  It really complimented the bowl nicely.  I would buy this granola if they sold it separately!
Since most of their menu offerings are pretty sweet, I think it was a smart move on their part to add a savory option with the avocado toast.  I decided to add an egg for some extra protein.  The egg was cooked nicely - it bordered between soft- and hard-boiled.  Yum!  The avocado, however, was not that good.   What I got was a kind of strange, dark green, oily mash.  It doesn't look like another picture I saw of their take on this.  I'm not sure where the dark color came from (it didn't even look like the color you'd see from an overly ripe avocado) but it was off-putting.  So was the oil dripping off the top.  The flavor was okay but I think this dish overall could be much better, especially for a piece of toast with avocado and an egg that is pre-cooked for $7.  Hopefully they are just working out the kinks with this dish because as I mentioned the idea is great to go along with the rest of the sweet menu items.
Service was great - everyone was very friendly and cheerful.
Overall I liked Boostin' Bowls and would come here again for the occasional treat.Had a great bowl the other day. It was açaí with berries and bananas and seeds. Just super good. Ready very fast. The staff were all so friendly and upbeat. Thank you all!! You're doing great.Favorite acai spot! Friendly employees and a super cute atmosphere in the store! They are quick to make bowls and everything is always fresh! Love the order ahead option too. My personal go to is the manayunk vice but I've never had anything I didn't love!Highly recommend boostin bowls. Quick, delicious and the fruit is always so fresh! Easy to order online ahead and pick up or quick if ordering in the store. Friendly staff. Looking forward to my next Superfoods bowl add peanut butter!The bowl was pretty tasty but for the price I expect fresh fruit. I added mangos and pineapple to my bowl and they were both canned. Disappointed with that.My new favorite place! I have never had an açaí bowl before. When my fiancé wanted to give it a try I was a little hesitant since I am more of an eggs for breakfast kind of guy, but I am so glad we got Boostin' Bowls! We ordered through DoorDash. I got the Superfood Bowl and it was absolutely delicious. I might be obsessed. He got the PB&J Bowl and loved it too! I highly recommend Boostin' Bowls. Super fresh, delicious, and good for you too! Definitely try the Superfood Bowl!! So good that I'm actually having it 2 days in a row! Can't wait to try their other bowls!The acai bowls are amazing! So fresh and tasty! I have had the sunrise bowl as well as the PBJ. Highly recommend both. They come really cold so I recommend letting it warm up a little before you eat it. They keep you filled up all day and are not overly pricey for all the fresh fruit and superfoods in them!I LOVE this place! Their açaí bowls are so good. I love how you can add any variation to any bowl so you can get exactly what you want. Quick service and never disappoints. I think eating here actually puts me in a better mood. They just revamped their menu, added different bases & toppings!I was so excited to see an Acai bowl shop in manayunk!!!! Sadly I was very disappointed. I ordered and acai bowl and the acai base was extremely watery and icey with chunks of ice in it. It melted before I even could bring it home (less than 10 minutes) and was a huge mess.  I also ordered a smoothie, which was also extremely icey, not very flavorful and felt like I was trying to drink a snow cone. The shop is really cute and definitely has potential, but they need to better their product - especially if they are charging so much money for an acia bowl and a smoothie. I paid over $17 for both - very poor quality. I was extremely disappointed.Yes!!!! Açaí bowls are amazing. Favorite is the PB&J. I'm ordering weekly at this point. I'll order several bowls for a few days and maybe share one with my husband. I'll take them to work for lunch. My two year old daughter loves them too.I've been to this place waaaaaaay too many times to have not reviewed it yet. I LOVE ACAI BOWLS SO MUCH. It's like a dessert and breakfast in one and you can feel good about it! I always get the pb&j bowl because that peanut butter on top bangs (pretty sure it's Jif). I wish I could afford to eat one every day but that would cost me $300 a month and I'm currently surviving on a living stipend. Anyways, so thankful for this place :)This adorable place just opened off Main St in Manayunk today!! I have been waiting anxiously and it totally delivered!  They just do acai bowls for now but said they'll be starting smoothies soon too! The bowls are really large with the acai/smoothie like foundation and topped with your choice of toppings.  They have suggested options, I got the PB and J which comes with strawberries, peanut butter and granola and added blue berries.  They also have tons of options like nuts, fruit and dried coconut to add if you want! It was so fresh and really tasty, it definitely filled me up too, the perfect healthy lunch! 
The store is really clean and open and the owners are super sweet!! Definitely come check this place out for a great healthy meal or snack!Worst smoothie. Ordered a pb / banana  and a strawberry and banana smoothie. Both Have absolutely no flavor,  both are watery , overpriced.will not visit againSuper fresh ingredients for my strawberry and banana smoothie. I ordered via Yelp app and my order was ready for pickup within the estimated time.So glad I found this acai shop in Manayunk! Boostin' Bowls has a beautiful interior, it is exceptionally clean and the staff is beyond lovely. They offer bowls that can be customized, avocado toast and smoothies. The prices are very reasonable for the quality of fruit and toppings. It has a great location... right off of main street. I will definitely be returning!Just writing this one star review for the avocado toast
I have never in my life had anything this salty
They prob put all the salt in the store onto one little piece of the toast
Just SALT everywhere
The bowl is good tho (just can't handle the toast like wtf is that)They have great açaí berry bowls. Each time I get them they do a great job with the açaí and the toppings. It's a great way to get a healthy snack and no feel hungry after! I'm glad these guys are in my area.Excellent first time visit- the menu board listed all of the ingredients for each bowl and recommended add-ons, which made ordering easy. Staff was friendly and wore face masks. Overall, the environment was very inviting and clean. The fruit in both of our bowls was very fresh and the açaí base was the perfect consistency. I recommend trying the PB and J bowl with a Nutella add-on, it rocked!I've been looking for an Açaí place since I've moved here. This location is super convenient- right off of Main St. I got the Manayunk Vice Bowl. The bowl was a lot sweeter than I'm used to, but it was really good. The strawberries tasted fresh, and I added cacao nibs as a topping which was delicious. 
I would've liked my bowl to be a little less sweet personally. I also wished the pineapple was fresher. It seems like it may have been from a can (?) or just older. I just missed the tartness pineapple usually has from the bowl. It was still delicious for sure though, and I'll probably be back to get something else soon.My go to place for açaí bowls!! Not only because I live close by but also the fruits taste fresh every time and the entire bowl is not overly sweet or watery but is just right. Staff is always friendly and upbeat I never have to wait over 10mins for my order. The only thing I have tried that I wasn't too crazy about was the smoothies but the bowls are amazing !! Definitely my favorite healthy way to start my mornings. Even got my husband into eating healthier after he tried the Manayunk vice bowl!The "Boostin bowl" was absolutely delicious and so was the avocado toast. Kind of pricey but worth every bite!