My first time here and it's got a great crowd, especially for a Tuesday night. I have yet to see a show but I can already tell that this is going to be a great addition to the South Philly nightlife.Great bar with awesome beer selection with many PA favorites. Foods good if you're looking for great bar food. The stage in the back room has a great sound for the size and the entire feel of the back room has a great speak easy vibe. Recommend to catch a show there whether local or touringWe went there for a concert a few weeks.  It's small space, but loved it.  We got a drink before hand at the bar.  Staff were friendly and attentive.  The space for the concert was in the back room.  It was a small space with no seats, but worked.  Don't lean on the walls, the edges on the metal design will snag your clothing.  We went for the band mainly....They were fantastic....definitely would go back to Boot and Saddle.This venue opened up shortly after I moved out of Philadelphia, but just had a chance to check it out finally. I love how small and intimate the space is! The sound quality is amazing, and it's in an awesome location. I wish it was around when I still lived in South Philly.This place in the easiest 5-star review I have ever had the pleasure of giving. I was here for an event, and could not have been more impressed.
Having been to lots of different places in Philadelphia, I love that here at Boot & Saddle, you walk inside to suddenly be transported to somewhere down in the Old West. The décor, while most definitely western, still has a cool, hipster-feel to it. The place is "just" dark enough, and there is a good amount of seats for people wanting to dine here. I loved that the bathroom doors operated via a pulley system and kept with the authenticity of being "Western". There is also a MASSIVE room with a stage where one can assume shows take place. Truly amazing.
I thought the beer selection was long and plentiful for someone into local beers and the like. Obviously, there is the standard Yuengling, which I love because my husband certainly doesn't go for beers he isn't familiar with. The cocktails present well, but are a bit lacking in strength. Not that they are watered down or sugary in any way, but I just felt like something was missing.
The food here is a force to be reckoned with. Serving as a "vegan-friendly" bar & restaurant, let me just say I am FAR from vegan and the level of the food here will blow your mind. Everything is made in-house (at least I was told), and the fresh ingredients, creative pairings, and superb seasonings will force a dance amongst your taste buds. For meat lovers, even the turkey sliders taste like something you would get at your moms house-only better because they are on a homemade brioche bun.
I also have to add that the service here was absolutely stellar. My drinks never got close to empty, and they were very knowledgeable about the food, how it is prepared and what is in it. They seem to love their chef as much as the patrons.
I can't even wait to go back here before a Flyers game (or after!) and party again! SOOOO worth checking out!!I'm reviewing the restaurant/bar only; as a venue it's awesome!  
We had 3 really good meals here - the rainbow trout salad, burger, and Israeli cous-cous were all delicious. 
But don't get me started on the grilled cheese.  I know it sounds amazing - gouda and cheddar cheeses, shiitake mushroom "bacon" and cured tomato?  What's not to like?  But mine ended up being very, very disappointing.  For one, it didn't have any of this mushroom bacon nonsense except for two tiny bits of overcooked shriveled mushroom.  The cured tomato turned out similar - a couple really small chunks of what seemed like sun dried tomato, while I was expecting more like a slice of the tomato described.  Finally, the cheese...it was tasty.  Sort of like a creamy gouda sauce, which sounds good in theory. But when my sandwich got to our table, the little of it that was on there had seeped into the focaccia-like bread.  No. No no no no no.  This isn't how a grilled cheese should be! It's supposed to be all gooey and melty inside or you should at least actually SEE the cheesy goodness.  But it was basically a little-bit-of-cheesy sauce soaked bread.  Yeahh that's exactly what I wanted.  Fries were good though.
Anyway I won't write off this place just because of this one shamwich, but it wasn't at all like how it was described on the menu.   Service was ok, the waitress messed up our drink order but it happens.  Decent food overall!DON'T:
forget the bathroom doors slide open
don't get trapped in the bathroom
go to a show if you're claustrophobic
stand in front of the stage if you're super tall
leave with an open tab
DO:
be adventurous with the rotating draft list
try one of the speciality cocktails
buy tickets for a show ahead of time
take the time to look at the original details of the bar
arrive early on the weekends if you want a table
have a valid photo id on you to get in
i like this place as a venue, 
i'm not sure i like this place as a bar, 
the menu is unique.FOOD IS AMAZING HERE.  Really.  I've eaten here on many occasions and it never fails.  I've probably tried everything on the menu.  I applaud the owners and the chef!  Keep up the amazing work.Suuuper stoked to see this place open again.  South Phila needs more venues, and here's one.  Fantastic beer selection at decent prices.  Some great bands playing in the back room, and the sound is really fantastic.  The food was even solid and I just grabbed appetizers.
Truly a good time had by all.Went for the comedy night with Andy Sandford, and it was a really nice, fun event. I decided to go on a whim and hadn't been there before so didn't realize it was a standing type of venue. It makes sense now considering they are a music venue. If you don't like standing, they have a few tables to the side though you'll have to come early. All of the comics were pretty entertaining. The only annoying thing was for some reason when the host spoke between each comic, it was super loud and shrilly. But the sound level for everyone else was fine, still not sure how that happened. The venue seems to be pretty lax about time. On the event page it says 7:30 but it didn't start until 8:15 ish. It worked out fine though, I was hungry and discovered a really great mexican place a block away.This is now my favorite place for live music now that the First Unitarian Church now longer hosts R5 productions.  Spare and non-commercial in feel its an intimate space for music.  The bar itself is preposterously hilarious with most the original Boot and Saddle country atmosphere.  Really brilliant.  Good draft and can list and no issues bringing beer into the music space.  It's gonna be loud in this tiny space and I bet it's hard to get the sound quite right, but it's an authentic rock experience and at $12 bucks a great value.  Why wouldn't you check out a band you know or one you've never heard of for the price of a couple beers?Quaint bar and venue with good food. Saw Beach Fossils here and it was incredible.Good selection of craft beers, check. Reasonably priced cocktails, check. Attentive wait staff, check. Excellent small room for live music, most def! The sound here is excellent and the room is intimate. Whenever I see that there is a band playing here I get really stoked. Been here a few times now and I cannot wait to my next show. Check it out.probably my favourite venue in the city right now. great bar food menu, really amazing cocktail and beer list, and the sound for their live shows is just hands down fantastic. can't go wrong with an intimate spot and great acoustics.This review is for the venue. 
Boyfriend and I came here for a sold-out show. We arrived a little early, hung out at the bar, and made our way to the back room when it seemed the band was starting. There was barely any room for us to fit, but we shuffled in and after a minute decided it would be more comfortable to just hang out in the bar area and listen. We got seated, we enjoyed our beers, and then the doors to the stage area closed. And then the bar music got turned up.
I have admittedly not been to every bar to see a band play, but every place I've been allows you to hear the band no matter what part of the bar you're hanging out in. It's a great way to enjoy music without having to spoon with half of Philadelphia and/or wear someone's beer when it spills. 
This goes double for a venue that is clearly too small for the number of people who have paid for tickets.
So we said WTF? and squeezed our way back into the venue, only to find there was even less room than before. My left shoulder landed in someone's armpit, and when another couple of people pushed in behind me, I was literally (and I literally mean literally) unable to move. I don't require 3 feet of personal space, but the ability for my diaphragm to expand when I'm breathing is a kind of a plus.
Towards the end of the show, we found out there was some room at the front, that even the band was trying to get the crowd to move forward so everyone could fit. But people weren't moving, and despite the fact that there were people who could not fit into the space, the guys manning the door insisted the door stay closed. 
B&S, if you're going to be that unforgiving, please learn how to manage your crowds.
Or, you know, sell fewer tickets.
We wound up meeting/hanging out with a bunch of other people who couldn't deal with the space/crowd/stupidity of the situation, so the night wasn't a total wash. Still, we each basically paid a $20 cover charge to sit in an average bar and listen to a jukebox. Absurd.Came here a few nights ago for dinner, drinks, and concert. The menu had my mouth watering, but my group was disappointed by the tiny portions. We specifically asked our waitress about portion sizes of the various dishes and she recommended the smashed celery root as a hardy meal. Sure, just as hardy as four bites can be! The pumpkin & kale soup and butternut squash dishes were equally puny. We would have been happy to pay a few more bucks for decent-sized plates, rather than filling up on beer and a hastily ordered side of fries. 
Boot & Saddle still earns four stars in my books for the quality of the food, the beer selection, the atmosphere, and a great show. I'll be back, just not with an empty stomach!For my first visit to Boot & Saddle, I saw Earth and King Dude. Fans of Johnny Brenda's, Kung Fu Necktie, and/or seeing bands in Philadelphia in general will like this spot. 
It's relatively small, so if a band you like is playing here, get tickets as soon as you can. 
They've got good beer on tap, nice staff, and a perfect atmosphere to enjoy music and friends in. They have food too, which I'll try next time.
The actual venue area is separated from the bar by a door, which is nice too. The stage is higher than KFN's but lower than JB's. If you're a short girl, like I am, try to go early and grab a spot in the front. One note, some of the tin pieces, while ornate, on the wall have sharp edges that might scratch you or pull on your clothing if you're leaning on the wall!
I would see another band here in a heartbeat and am happy to have another fun spot to see good music when it comes to town.I have been loyally frequenting the Boot & Saddle since it's recent rechristening, and I emphatically underscore this place is "BOMBS AWAY!!" if you are looking for an exceptional experience in your pursuit of live music in a cozy, dark neighborhood bar! I have been to at least 10 shows here, and most were not bands I had heard previously; I went in to have a beer & caught a few chords when the doors opened, and I was subsequently sucked into the back room. I have seen some absolutely killer shows here, and all have been extraordinarly diverse in terms of genre and presentation. I will also highlight that I am fanatical about music and am not easily impressed. At Boot & Saddle, the sound is always well-executed & the bartenders & wait staff are spot-on! As an extra plus, the food is also way more gourmet than anything I've chanced to try at a music venue! This place rocks!I came here a bit ago for a concert and was sooo impressed with this venue. It was the perfect size because I felt like I could really get close to the stage, but the sound quality was still good. Sometimes, the music got a bit too loud for my taste. But hey, it's a rock show--what do you expect?
Drink specials are amazing during a show!! Half priced drafts and $3 cocktails? Absolutely!! Cocktails and beers seem seasonal, but we went during winter and I got this delicious hot toddy and there was also a warm apple cider drink as well. Really great to go grab a couple quick drinks before your show :)
Going back again tonight! hoping to try some food this time.Happy hour has been moved to 6:30-8:30 - I don't know about you but this is great for me and everyone else who has a commute and only would catch the tail end of happy hour! Bartenders are always nice and fun to chat with if you are able to grab a seat at the bar.You have definitely passed by this place at some point when you were heading down Broad Street, and when you finally come here and tell people about it, they  aren't going to know what you're talking about when you say Boot & Saddle. At least this is the experience that I've had, but you will be glad you stopped in. 
I came here to see my buddy's band play last Saturday night. You walk through the front door into a very dimly lit area with the bar on your left and some tables to your right. Keep walking and there is a back room with a stage and plenty of floor space (no seats). Between the front and back rooms you will find the bathrooms, which are very clean and chic with their sliding doors. 
They have a pretty decent draft list and prices seemed to be pretty standard for the city ($5-7 range). I ordered a DuClaw's Sweet Baby Jesus, which is pretty much a Reeses Peanut Butter cup in a glass and a few Yard's Philly Pale Ales. The bartenders were nice and quick to get you a drink. 
They also had a pretty nifty looking food menu that I would like to order from sometime in the future. Sound was also good as far as the band went. It may not look like much from the outside, but Boot & Saddle is absolutely worthy of a visit.Sure! So easy to have a fun night at this place. Bar food is surprisingly delicious and the happy hour/ drink specials are a great deal. Shows there are fun and can be raucous. Always a good time.Tasty treats and really diverse beer menu. A great venue (although no where to put your drink or sit). Highly recommend coming for happy hour.Saw my boyfriend's band play here with a few others and the sound was incredible! They also raved about how helpful, yet laid back the sound guy was.
I loved the food, was a little confused about how to get a table and the staff was so busy that I couldn't ask "do I just sit where ever?" (You do just sit where ever). I ended up getting the veggie chili cheese fries and they were obviously perfect!!I haven't been here to eat. Only for shows and drinks. They do a great job of sound-proofing the music area so you can't hear the bar din unless someone is coming in or out of the door. They also have a good beer selection and the prices are reasonable. I've enjoyed the three shows I've been to which are also really reasonably priced. Would recommend!Finally got to go here for a show, and the place was cool. I arrived early so I can get their happy hour special. You can get drafts for half, as well as cocktails from 6-8. The bartender was friendly, and always made sure I had a drink. The food was okay, a bit expensive. I got just a hot dog with cheese and fries, so it was decent as a quick dinner. I then venture to the back room for the show and it was tiny, but the acoustics were good there. This is an awesome little venue in South Philly that was much needed since most of the good venues are in Northern Libirties/Fishtown.To the owner(s):  Great bands.  Terrible bartenders with no happiness in their lives whatsoever.  We come here to get away from it all.  Your bartenders remind me of my last case of the shits.The best sound of any music venue in Philly. AND the A/C is always blasting meaning it's cool inside! Saw the Wild Reeds there last weekend. Great show, great place.I moved so unfortunately this is no longer my local bar. I feel like things sort of changed the last time I was back, but still ok selection of beers, solid food and great music. Staff is usually pretty friendly.This is a pretty cool venue. I love that it's also a restaurant but the food I got was a little pricey for not very much. Nice atmosphere, friendly bartenders, and they left the old boot & saddle sign, which I personally think is awesome.This review is for the bar, not the venue.  Went with some friends for a birthday.  Check came and the bitchy waitress put me down for 14 (!) tequila soda waters.  First and foremost, I wouldn't be standing if I had that many drinks in me, and second, is it even technically legal for them to serve someone 14 strong mixed drinks?  I clearly didn't have that many drinks and everyone at my table attested to that as well.  The waitress had it out for my roommate (some south philly drama grudge she must have been holding on to) and refused to change the bill.  I was buzzed *at best*, not 14 drinks drunk.  Talked to another friend who had a similar experience with the waitstaff playing games with his bill.  So, if you want to go to a place and pay for drinks you didn't drink, Boot & Saddle is the place to go.Great atmosphere. Delicious food. Friendly staff. The cocktail board specials never disappoint. 
It is also a great place to see a show. It has good sound. I always enjoy myself at the Boot & Saddle. 
My only complaint is that the food and drinks are a tad overpriced. I usually pregame a bit before I head over to lighten the cost.I have a thing for intimate venues, and as far as Philly goes, I'm spoiled. Boot & Saddle has character on top of everything else. 
The front doors open up to a bar, with quality beers on tap and bartenders who know what they're doing and enjoy a little conversation. There were a couple tables around and the atmosphere when I went was a little on the quiet side but that's something I prefer. I ended up meeting a couple next to me and making friends, which speaks for the kind of crowd that comes here whether it's for the music or the alcohol. 
The venue is in the back, just past the bathrooms that use barn-like sliding doors, and it's small capacity, capping out at 150. They do a good job with the sound, lighting, and maintaining focus on the performer. All in all, this is a great place to listen to live music, where musicians sometimes come up to the bar and grab a beer before the show.B&S is a great bar and concert venue for a lot of smaller acts coming through town. The place definitely has a hipster vibe to it, but the staff are friendly! They have a great selection of drafts on tap and an even more extensive list of cans (can't take glass in to the show!)
We stopped in with a larger group and we spread out between several high top tables in the bar. The waitress was adept at keeping our glasses full, even when fighting the throngs of concert goers leaving at the end of the show. 
I had the mac and cheese off the pub menu and it was fantastic! Presented in a ceramic bowl and baked with breadcrumbs on top, it was a perfect appetizer to split with your girlfriend. You know, the kind that says they don't want anything to eat but then gradually consume half of your world beating appetizer. That kind. 
4 stars only because of how dark this place is. There aren't really any windows and the lights are cranked down to the lowest setting on the dimmers.My reason for going was to simply check it out. I liked this place. Good location, laid-back atmosphere, solid beer selection.
I paid the $12 cover to hear whoever was performing in the next room. The band wasn't my thing but the room sounded nice. 
Sean's review below is awesome. Read what he says.I'm reviewing this solely as a music venue and bar, as I have not had a chance to try their food yet. We came here this past weekend to see Bear Hands and Miniature Tigers. The tickets were being held for us at will call (a.k.a the desk right outside the door). They were surprisingly easy to pick up.  What was not surprisingly easy to get here was a drink. I found the bar to be very crowded and the noise level was a little killer. I considered sending my drink order in via carrier pigeon.  
All in all, I did enjoy the show and I think this is a good space. I think the stage is a decent size and even though the acoustics aren't fall-on-your-face perfect, they'll do for an indie or alt band. I imagine this spot is a tad bit more low key when there isn't a show in the back.
I do see myself coming back here in the future, and I will update my review accordingly once I have the chance to sample some of their menu!Honestly, Boots and Saddle is a Philadelphia gem; great concert for barely any money; the food is good and the drinks are good and reasonably priced; I randomly checked their concert venues and picked a few I liked and I don't regret it! I will def go back! (fyi; they have happy hour from 6:30-8:30pm ; before the concert starts!)This place is a diamond in the rough! Their food was amazing and they have an excellent craft beer selection! 
We ordered Eggplant Fries, Fried Pickles, Tater Tots, Wings, and The Frito Pie. For general bar food, this was a cut above the rest. If you haven't yet you need to eat here! Everything was above delicious! I will be definitely going back here! They look like they are a venue also because they have a stage area back by the bathroom.One of my favorite venues in the city - easy to find parking, great space in the back for live bands, cheap tickets, and good happy hour specials! I used to live in Austin and this place feels like a small piece of Austin in Philly - can't explain why, it just does. I saw three shows here, two of them were packed, but I love how you are so close to the performers. The beer selection is decent and the bar area in the front has decent amount of seating. This is also one of those rare places with a Saturday happy hour and it runs till 8 PM I believe! Never had food but the few times I did sit down and order drinks, the service was efficient.What a happy & cozy place with friendly staff and servers. The NYE party was really fun and a great price.The food was good. Liked the rainbow trout salad, my friend liked the burger. There's one waitress here in particular whose number I would like to get. Not because she's hot. I just want to be able to get her attention because she's on her damn phone so much that it takes forever to get a drink. If I could just text her my order it might make for a better time.Venue itself is very intimate and there really isn't a bad seat in the place if you're catching a show here.  
The place itself is really cute with western decor and dim lighting.  Dining there was ok, a bit overpriced for what they offer.  I should have read the Yelp reviews and tried the grilled cheese as it sounds like a true winner.  I wasn't too happy with my choice of food which was the ham & cheese.  It was overly greasy and very heavy.  The fries that come with the meal were awesome though!
Their mixed drinks are really good so be sure to try out their drink specials.  
Totally would come here again to see another show.Haven't been here for the music yet but have eaten and gone for drinks. Decent food, great hipster vibe. But these guys have seriously got to install a breezeway or turn up the heat during the winter months. Made the mistake of sitting at the table closest to the door and was freezing despite the fact that I never removed my coat. The guy manning the door was friendly and sympathetic but I couldn't stay past one drink because I needed to go warm up. Might try again in the spring.Good drink and beer selection, food was plentiful and very good. Saw a great band and free parking near by. Happy hour drink prices are hard to beat.I'd like to start by saying I gave an extra star to these guys because I am totally willing to come back and try this place as a venue... but I will never be eating here again. I was told by a friend that the food was actually pretty good, but then went back with the same friend and even SHE hated it. Some dishes we got were pretty tasty but over all, we left disappointed.
We started with the hashbrowns and lox, both of which were solid dishes. Whipped ricotta is my new favorite. The smoky cheese sauce on the hash browns was awesome! Now the entrees. Ugh. I had the pierogies and was so sadly disappointed (and hungry) that I made myself eat the whole plate. The kielbasa was disgusting and dry. The pierogies themselves were absolutely drenched in butter (which could be delicious) and the caramelized onions they put on top were utterly devoid of flavor. There was also some weird green cream based sauce on top that had no particular flavor whatsoever. My friend had the grilled cheese and opted to add the bologna, because HELL YEAH BOLOGNA. Uh, bad idea. The sandwich itself was so heavily soaked with what we assumed was butter she couldn't finish it. The fries were extremely salty and the whole plate was just bad news. Then we ordered dessert. Ugh. Just sad. The chocolate cheesecake was so dry, I knew whomever had made it had never made cheesecake before. I've been a pastry cook for years and I can tell when someone is making something for the first time. We ended up sending the dessert back because we just couldn't force ourselves to eat it.
I will make a note here and say that the SERVICE WAS AWESOME. Erika was a sweetheart and made the whole trip worth it. If I do come back, I will come back for happy hour. The small plates weren't horrific and I'd be down to try something else. Also the beer selection wasn't terrible either. There was a large variety and they even had my favorite (Fox Barrel Pear Cider!!!!) in bottles.So glad to see this place finally re-opened. Quality over quantity best describes the menu, whose nine or ten items were created by rock star chef George Sabatino. Vegetarians get a lot of love here, with items like cauliflower croquettes with pickled apples and almond-date relish, and a killer grilled cheese with shiitake "bacon." I absolutely loved the roasted pumpkin and kale soup, which wasn't at all what I expected -- cubes of roasted pumpkin in a light broth with dollops of ash-cured ricotta cheese and house-made croutons. It paired pretty well with the nutmeg-heavy PBC Kenz o' Lantern. I also love the fact that they have happy hour (5-7 p.m.) seven days a week. 
Looking forward to many, many more great meals (and awesome concerts) at the Boot and Saddle.The Boot & Saddle is a restaurant to go to before a show and long evening out. If you plan to drink your fill and get somewhat upscale grub before seeing music, the experience would be a well-rounded one and you might be less inclined to focus solely on the meal, because the food is just a tad pricey for what you get in the end. Here on a weeknight with the woman of my dreams, we were first delighted and surprised by the soundtrack in the small, dimly lit dining area: Weezer's entire Blue Album played all the way through our dinner. It's a favorite of hers, especially. Dinner was a special - fried salmon balls - and a menu staple - the hash browns. I would avoid this combination in the future, as it was all just a little heavy -- heavy creamy sauces, heavy fried heaviness, the hash browns were a little tough, and there was some grease to boot (bad pun intended). Basically, you shouldn't pay premium price for greasy spoon fair. And while the 'gastropubbiness' of the B&S is noted, the dishes I got, at least, were better suited to a diner. The beer was fine and, of course, the service was friendly. Next time, I'll make a night of it.Mac and cheese was real dry and cheese didn't have much taste. A few months ago I ordered a corn dog and it the center was still cold. They gave me a new one which was good. Pirogies were good, could be more on the plate thoI really need to come here on a night a bands not coming because I love the divey ambiance. I've been here twice.  Always trying see a band. This time I had food. The wings were ok. Basic bar wings. I had some pirogies and they were delicious too. The problem was is that I was by myself still and she brought them out at the same time. I had the cowboy margarita which has some kind of spicy jalapeño in it. And I can't wait to go back and have another. One thing they had a soup and a grilled cheese sandwich for $11. But you could just get the soup for six dollars. So I just wanted the sandwich and they wouldn't give it to me unless I paid for the soup too. Needless to say I didn't get it.Came here on a Saturday evening a few weeks back to watch a couple of bands in their back room. They have a great happy hour and their discounted prices during said happy hour are appreciated. Good beer selection and interesting mixed drinks. A bit small once the crowd started to pick up, but I thoroughly enjoyed our night at Boot & Saddle. Thanks!The Old Fashioned was pretty bad.  Overly sweet and not worth it.  I'd stick to bourbon or rye next time.  The beer list wasn't terrible, I was able to find something that I liked.
We came to see a show, but were too late.  We got there right as it was ending.  The venue space seemed nice, simple but thought out for the space.  The bar has a gritty but put together look to it.  Service was quick enough.  
I'll be back for a show.  Maybe we'll actually make it next time.My type of bar. Didn't eat, but the food looked good. Gets a little tight before a show, but no matters. The concert area looked like a good size. Def coming back to try some food. oh, and decent beer list although i drank whiskey that nighReally cool music venue, great spot to catch a show in the neighborhood. Nice beer selection, and the bartenders are usually cool and offer samples if you want to try something before ordering. Happy hour from 5-7pm, select drafts half off- can't beat that!Good beer selection, note, credit card $10 min purchase, only open 3 months but looks like a great place to catch a show.  Same group that own this (R5 productions) owns Union Transfer.  Seems like legit people about the music.
Oh, and their beer is crazy cheaper than the TLA!Solid music venue. Basically the size of The Note in West Chester when that was around. Good beer and drink selection - but I'm not a drinker and this place didn't have NAs except for coke. Which is weak sauce man.Solid spot for drinks and food.  Cocktails weren't that bad and beer selection is good.  They have live music venue in the back.  The venue is separate from the bar area so you can go to bar without having to listen to music.I really like this place because it looks like an absolute dive bar from the outside. Driving past, you would either assume that it's abandoned or that it wasn't going to be very clean. However, looks can be deceptive in this music venue/bar/restaurant. One can tell almost instantly when walking in that their patrons are not divey by nature, but more young locals looking for a place to get away that's different than the obvious bars in the area.
While I've never been to a show here, I have been for happy hour and drinks. Their menu, while limited, provides just what one would need for something to soak up some delicious craft beers and bourbon. They also have happy hour specials! I think it's from 5-7. 
My only complaint is that the inside can get quite dark, with only a few small windows at the front of the bar providing natural light. I like a lot of natural light, but as I said this place is more of a music venue than anything else, so it makes sense. Prepare to get carded, though, no matter how old you are. That's not a bad thing, just warning you to have your ID ready to go as you reach the front door.Went here with friends and had a really nice time!
They ordered draft beer while I had house wine and we enjoyed two burgers and two kielbasa dinners between us. Everything was tasty and our service was good! All in all a fine experience.
Although clearly remodeled with a hip food menu, my only bock was at the prices. I guess the days of $4 house wine and draft beers are over in this town. Maybe I'm getting old and cranky now that I'm married, but I just think it's hard to go out and spend $8 on a glass of white wine when you could buy the bottle 2 blocks away for $10. I suppose I shouldn't take this rant out on Boot & Saddle specifically since it's a pandemic everywhere in South Philly now! Oy!
Anyway--I will gladly return with friends again--but I warn you to check to make sure there aren't any bands playing if you're not into "loud". (Oh god...I am getting old & cranky, aren't I?!?!?)I've been so so excited to try this place since it opened: a mostly plant-based gastropub, would could be better?! However, since they opened they've changed the menu and now it's less plant-based. I'd say like 60:40, which I guess isn't bad still. 
The food was good. I had the grilled cheese, which was pretty tasty (it had a nice cheese and mushroom inside). The fries are thin shaved, which I liked, and it came with a house-made ketchup that tasted like tomato paste. There was also a Frank's Red Hot aioli, which was probably the best part of the meal. 
The service was by far the worst part. The server brought us the wrong side dish, and when my boyfriend ordered another beer they brought it in a different (and smaller) glass. Overall, I was very underwhelmed.This place is great and never too packed. The happy hour is later than most 6:30-8:30 and on Saturday! The food is a good deal and delicious. In fact I had a my birthday happy hour there last year on a Saturday and it was perfect for people coming in and out. Our waitress was awesome and kept track of everyone!
A ton of small music acts come through here most nights of the week with pretty reasonable ticket prices ($10ish). The concert venue is in the back and is small and intimate. Perfect place to experience new acts!! Plenty of bike parking, plus it's right by the Ellsworth-Federal stop on the Broad St. line.LOVED this place. Came here on a Wednesday night to see a band play and enjoyed every minute of my night. The outdoor appearance isn't much, but the inside is actually really nice. After being carded we went to the bar and grabbed a beer. They have a rotating list of draft beers on a chalkboard above the bar. Although it was pretty crowded for a Wednesday night we ended up getting a table way in the back while waiting for our band to play. Our waitress was nice and fast. 
When it came time to see our band play you tread on back to the end of the bar where there is a separate room disconnecting you from the bar area to where the band plays. It's a very tiny room, but it makes for shows to be super intimate and it's just overall really great! Once the band goes on the door closes preventing any unwanted sounds from the bar area to interrupt the show. Very cool. Boot & Saddle brings a lot of character and I will definitely be on the look out for more shows here!I played here in the 70's with Ben Story and band !
I enjoyed the atmosphere and the food !We lived just down the street for the past few years and heard this place was going to be reopening, so we've been anticipating checking it out. We finally stopped in the other night for one drink and we really liked the ambiance. It looks like they left a lot of the original decor in tact, but cleaned and classed it up! Though we weren't staying for the music to start later in the evening, we peeked into the back room and it was definitely a good size for a show. Staff seemed friendly enough, they had good beers and it's nice to have another option on South Broad!I've been dying to see the boot lit back up at night ever since we lived across the street a couple years back.  It's wonderful to see an old venue like this get brought back to life, and they've done a great job of it here.  The decor is a perfect mix of old, new and interesting.  I was ready to absolutely swoon over this place, but it just didn't happen.
The menu is concise, heavily vegetarian, and somewhat expensive.  We loved the butternut squash soup, which I expected to be cream based.  The gnocchi with mushroom sauce was tasty, but small and lacking many mushrooms for $14.  The hot ham and cheese sandwiches on the happy hour menu had wonderful components, but there was way too much bread to enjoy the cheese and house made mortadella.  
The beer and cocktail list is solid, and on par for price.  I think they'll keep tinkering with the menu over time, so we'll be back at some point.  Happy hour is now 5-7 everyday, not 6-8.This place is solid. I like the ambiance and the beer list is excellent. Saw a show here and it was a pretty sweet location for a show. Other than that, The food looks really good. I didn't personally or anything but I might stop by another time to check out the menu.Boot & Saddle is a great little place! I'm a freelance music journalist here in Philly, so I've been in to see shows three or four times--and I quite like it.
Just tried the food for the first time, last week when I was in to see a show. Had the veggie burger: good, not great. While the outside was crisp and well-textured, the inside of the large burger was mushy and blase. Being a big texture person when it comes to food, that was a bit of a turn off. While served with a large portion of fries, they had a bizarre seasoning that I couldn't quite place, and I ended up leaving most of them untouched.
The bar is arguably the best part of the joint, with a great--mostly consistent--taplist. Nothing too surprising, but always solid. I'm not a beer nerd, but I also like to drink something a little nicer than a High Life, so they've always got me covered at a good price. Happy Hour goes until 8 on the weekdays, I believe, so it's easy to come in and grab a few drinks pre-show.
As a music venue, it's solid. Not the best, but also not the worst. The sound guy does what he can with what is honestly a pretty bad sound system. And it's such a small room that even though it sounds muddy, it's hard not to have fun, as long as the band is good. As a photographer, I've gotta knock the lighting system they've got in there. Come on guys, it's all blue. That looks bland, and it doesn't help me take good pictures, either.
Be careful if you're seeing a harder show there. When I saw Braid at the Boot recently, kids got crazy with the moshing. Which is great! Except for the fact that the tin wall paneling has some jagged edges that stick out, which could have ended badly.
Overall, the Boot is a great addition to Philadelphia's already impressive music venue lineup! While it will never take the place of better, similarly-sized rooms like Johnny Brenda's, the Boot proves that it doesn't need to, and R5 is booking a fantastic lineup of acts across the board of genres to fill it.Bartenders were dismissive of anyone over 30. Beers here priced correctly. Ordered the Pierogies, they tasted like Ms T's frozen pierogies.
The decor tries to be CBGB dive and fails. Instead it's designed corporate dive. A far cry from its humble roots as a country and sailor bar. 
 If you're young and love live music this is the place for you. Otherwise save yourself the trip. There are far better spots that welcome people who aren't hipsters.Great venue.  I've seen a few shows here and have always enjoyed the performances.  Sound is good and it's a small enough room for the show to feel intimate, kinda like the band is playing in your living room.   Will definitely be back again.The food is atrocious. I paid $13 for a Buffalo chicken sandwich that was three small chicken fingers in a crappy whitebread hoagie roll. I thought she was joking when she brought it to me. With the $7 can of beer, I was our $25 for literally the worst meal of my life.Boot & Saddle is a tiny venue with great food and drink to boot. They offer daily happy hour specials, and have a solid cocktail and beer list.
The venue is very intimate; if you are up front, you are basically resting yourself on the stage. Sound is great, even if you get up close and it's an electric act with drums.
You are able to bring your food and drinks direct from the bar with you. That's an excellent perk, except, it's odd that you can bring your cocktail glass. I was in the front and found a safe space to leave it; I'd be concerned with putting an actual glass on the ground of the middle of the venue. It does get pretty packed.
Looking forward to another opportunity to see a show and grab a bite and drink here.I can only review Boot & Saddle as a music venue as I haven't tried the food yet.  It certainly looked pretty delicious though.
Boot & Saddle is the newest addition to the plethora of music venues that have popped up around the city over the past few years.  Unfortunately for South Philly folks, prior to BnS, there wasn't much of an option to check out smaller indie bands unless you wanted to travel up to Kung Fu Necktie or Johnny Brenda's in the Fishtown area.
I must say that they hit the jackpot with this place.  It's definitely a fantastic bar / room.  Good layout (better than KFN) and a really nice sound system.  I believe it is said to hold 150 people, but I can imagine that it will be pretty tight when at full capacity.
My only issue is that it didn't seem like there was any backstage space for the bands to store the gear and dead cases.  When I went there was a ton of equipment lined up along the side of the wall.  I'd be a bit paranoid of some drunk falling into it or walking off with something.
With R5 booking it, I'm sure the other smaller venues around town are a little scared of losing business to this place.  They definitely should be.The male bartender who was working on the night that The York Street Hustle played on the 10th of February, is an indolent and slovenly person. He was perturbed at the fact that I inconvenienced him by walking up to the bar with cash in hand, to order beverages and food. As I normally tip 20-40%, I tipped him 5% instead. He helped me to decide that.
I then moved to a table, where I placed my next order with a very pleasant and professional server. She even looked presentable. Very nice!  The food is quite good (not great). 
I must also mention that it was lame how the York Street Hustle was not permitted to play ONE more song.Great service, good food, adequate beer list, excellent  bands lineup, amazing acoustics. Boot and Saddle is my goto hangout. The young, energetic staff know how to maintain a fun atmosphere. And the decor walks the line between legacy and updated.After living in the neighborhood for several years when this was abandoned, it was great to come back and see it reopened as an awesome live music venue. They did a great job remodeling it while keeping the gritty, dark feel of the original bar. I can't comment on the food since we just came to drink and see a band, but the bartender was really friendly and the relaxed way you can just go back and forth between a show and the bar makes this a top venue to visit. Looking forward to checking out a show in the future and trying the food.Came here for a show recently, I did not eat or drink anything so I can't/won't comment on that, but as a venue I had a great time, sound was good, room was not overly crowded even with the show was sold out. It was warm, even with it freezing outside & me in shorts. So dress appropriately. And they do have a coat check ($2), despite their website saying they don't.
They do have re-entry, which is nice & not very common these days. Be advised there is no seats or anywhere to put drinks down in the venue portion.
Parking was a nightmare, so be prepared for that if you're unfamiliar with the neighborhood as there is limited street parking & no lots nearby. I finally found a spot on S. Mole St, which actually had several open spaces & has no time limit after 10, so check there if you have a narrow car.Amazing, that's right, amazing food.  The ground turkey burger and grilled cheese blew me away.  Great beer too and an awesome spot. Can't wait to come back!Had a fantastic beet sandwich here. Never thought I'd say that phrase.Went to this bar last night with a group of friends, and had an amazing time! Prada G. Major was performing. She's so talented and funny--really made the night. Also a great, pretty diverse crowd and just all around good vibe. :)If I were a Philly local, this would likely be my regular spot. It's a pretty neat bar that doubles as a music venue and I instantly loved the interior. I couldn't stop myself from gushing over the awesome rope lighting over the bar. Just really fun.
I drove up to meet my friend and see the band Strange Talk since I had missed their DC show in the summer. We had some drinks and snacks while we waited for the bands to perform.
We both had the roasted pumpkin & kale soup and then had the whipped goat cheese with sesame crackers and the hash browns with a smoked cheese sauce.
The soup was very good but I did have one minor issue with it. I believe the soup has a miso base - which is not a problem as I love miso, but I suspect that this is why they serve it with an Asian soup spoon. Since the bowl is shallow and the spoon is thicker on the bottom, it became really difficult to actually get the pumpkin pieces and the broth onto the spoon without using your fingers to just pick it up and put it on the spoon. I think at the end, I may have just picked up my bowl and drank the last of the broth that way (hopefully no one was watching?). Also, because I struggled with getting the soup on my spoon, by the time I did, most of it was cold. So...maybe ask for a regular spoon? 
The whipped goat cheese was lovely but the real star of the night was that smoked cheese sauce served with the hash browns. My friend ate the hash browns but I used the last of the crackers to scoop up that ridiculously delicious smoky cheese. (Can you tell I love fromage?) It was that good.
I'm not really a beer kind of girl but they had a decent list. I instead had a cocktail that I believe was called the Salty Dog(?)--I can't quite remember now but it involved salt (surprise?), grapefruit and vodka. I had these all night. Delicious.
The bands were all fantastic-- I just wish more people had come out to see them! The sound system was pretty good for a smaller venue. Hopefully down the road, they maybe change their lighting a bit because even the bands appeared pretty dark up there -- unless that was the band's request -- then I take that back.
In any case, I loved the Boot & Saddle (friendly staff, delicious food & drinks) and I hope to make it back up there to see more bands.Great bar, great atmosphere, great preservation of original details mixed with new decor. Kind of love that its not really near anything else.
One major issue though- the acoustics as a music venue are pretty terrible. I don't know if its because of all the tin used, dimensions of the room, or the mixer, but every band sounds like a garage rock band...high distortion, lo-fi. Bands that Ive seen at Boot and Saddle Ive also seen at other venues, and at those other venues you can hear the intracacies of the instruments much, much better.
If they fixed this, easily 4+ stars.