Went to Brasil's Nightclub last evening with my husband and friends. It was our first time going there. I LOVED it. The ambiance was great; they played traditional salsa music. We took a beginners class at 9:30 which was so fun. Then we stayed a little while dancing. The drink prices were very reasonable. I would definitely return. It's a fantastic date night- you can grab dinner in Old City and then go salsa dancing!Now I want to take classes to learn how to Salsa!  The people are fun, the music is Spicy, the Jalepno's are jumping:)).  I arrived late for the class but will be back at 9:15 pm Saturday night.I found this place to be average. I dont know if I would go again. I love the idea of this club with the salsa lesson but I had how small and run down the club looks. Cuba libre is better in my opinion. The drinks were pretty good and I loved the deal 3$ jolly ranchers were fun but besides that the club itself needs some work!$10 on a Fri night too EXPENSIVE for less than 10 couples on the dance floor, maybe 1/4 of dancefloor was being used (that's being generous).
I arrived at 12:15am (usually when it just starts getting busy where I dance in LA/OC area) here on a Fri night weekend that there was a salsa congress in Connecticut, so likely all the salseros were away at the congress.  DJ played 5 bachata songs in a row to a room with people who didn't know how to dance traditional bachata or even west coast bachata!  DJ couldn't even cater appropriately to its crowd.  It was a pretty sad scene to be honest.  
The bartenders were nice enough to let me put my cellphone behind the bar. and gave me a cup of water.  So from this aspect, it was a pleasant environment, but the dancer quality was beginner level only.  Not even any intermediate dancers in the way of a good sold lead or understanding of basic musicality.  
Save your $10 and go somewhere where the people are there to dance, not to be a bystander.  I have no need to ever go back to this place.Call whatever you want but this not Brazil, or Brasil, neither brazilish. If you are really looking for a Brazilian experience this not the place. Latin yes. Brazil, not. Drinks? Good luck. Ask for a caipirinha a get a mojitish bleh. Oh, and you will be forced to check your coat.Went there on a Wednesday night and had a really good time. There was a good ratio of guys and gals. I think I went a total of 5 minutes without dancing, the rest of the time I was on the floor! It was a good crowd just enough not to be too crowded and the music was very good mostly salsa with a little bachata and like one cha cha song. At the end they even had a performance by a professional dance couple from Venezuela, they were very good dancers.
Had a really good time. Most of the men that I danced with knew how to dance and not sure if they learn there, but the techniques were good for the most part. Also Parkin is free on front st after 5 on Wednesday nights! Will definitely go back!
Didn't like that the admission fee is $5 (I like free, lol) and that bottled water is $3.Maybe the best place to go salsa dancing in Philly. Not so much a pick up club because people are really there to dance and there are some good dancers there. DJ is pretty good (although he plays too many cumbias for my taste). When you get tired of dancing salsa you can head downstairs to Heat for hip-hop, techno, and slutty girls so that's a plus I guess.Nice spot!!. So back in 2004 I really didn't like this place. It was full of  dance teachers on their off time who were too good to dance with us common folk and would take up the whole dance floor. Around 2007 or so I guess some things changed and now the atmosphere is very lax. The lessons are pretty good and it's a great chance for people to learn how to salsa. It gets packed around 11:30 or and the atmosphere is pretty good with guys asking girls to dance. Depending on who's the dj you will hear newer music or more of the favories. I def recommend it. And if your crowd wants to take a break from salsa, you can go downstairs for hip hop dancing.This nightclub is getting 5 stars from a beginner salsa dancer...I do want to preface that, but for this beginner, this place was great! The nightclub/studio is on the second floor and one whole wall is floor to ceiling mirrors so you can check yourself out and see how much of a fool you are making or pat yourself on the back, either works. The dance instructor was funny and kept the class moving along and there was a nice mixture of beginners and Latin masters! I had a blast though, and the class was full so there was great energy and fun music. Once the lesson ended the music kept on going so you can practice your moves or drop them and just pretend to know what you're doing. Great spot in Old City for salsa lessons!I came to this club on a Saturday night with a few others to take salsa lessons and had a blast!  The instructor from Estilo studios was such a sweetheart, he definitely made us feel comfortable.  The crowd was very diverse and mature (finding a mature crowd in Old City can be darn near impossible).  After the lesson, I stayed a little while to dance with the regular crowd that came in.  FYI,  it can also get a little crowded because the dance floor is so small, which is one of the reasons I had to deduct a star.Brasil's is both a restaurant and a night club, but a Philly-based colleague of mine (who, like most locals, knew nothing about their menu) described it mainly as one of the city's best scenes for Latin dance. He was right.
Taking his advice, I arrived early (9:30 pm) on a Friday night to warm-up before the arrival of the post-dinner crowds. Already, there were dozens of pairs lined up on the dance floor, carefully trying to follow the lead of a dull, lifeless, barely audible woman. [I have a preference for fiery, passionate, whip-cracking Latin dance instructors. She seemed more like an exhausted grad student from Penn, working the night shift.] 
The large, second-level dance floor seems comfortably spacious at first, but it evenutally reaches maximum capacity at 11:00 pm, when you have to wait your turn to shake your groove thing. 
Even when full, however, the space is great for people watching. The roughly equal male/female ratio is ideal for singles looking for an excuse (i.e., dancing) to approach perfect strangers. I got a kick out of watching a bunch of not entirely unattractive, gold-chain wearing guys from Jersey try to pick up some prissy Swarthmore girls. 
Once patrons secure a spot on the dance floor (or its outskirts), very few of them seem to leave. I went to get a drink down at the first floor bar, and--after 10 minutes of trying to make my way back upstairs--found my spot taken by a gawking, suburban couple. I walked to find another hangout somewhere along the sidelines, but was soon tapped on the shoulder by a flirty bystander, who smiled and kindly asked for a dance. Without hesitation, I obliged."S" is for SALSA! The girls wanted a fun night out to celebrate a birthday but we didn't want to do the usual. Thanks to handy dandy Yelp, I found Brasil's. Check it, the situation was perfect. We got there around 9 when the place opened, and had time for a drink before the dance lesson. 
I have since forgotten the instructor's name but he was amazing! You could tell he was used to teaching novice salsa dancers like us and was really positive. The lesson started by practicing basic steps alone in line formations. Then, the men paired up with ladies and we were in a rotation system. 
By the time the lesson was over, I was able to do a couple steps, badly. But hey, I was being a good sport and dance the night away.This is a review for the club itself. They offer salsa lessons on Wednesdays (intermediate), Fridays (beginner) and Saturday (beginner, I believe). Cover is 5 dollars on Wednesday and 10 dollars on Fri/Sat. Because it is the cheapest on Wednesday, it tends to be the most packed on that day (yes, even more than the weekend). They play mostly salsa music on Wednesday for the hardcore salsa dancers and more of a variety of salsa, merengue and bachata on the weekends. But beginners, don't be intimidated. The crowd is very friendly and everyone is almost always willing to dance with you. I guess the main reason why I do not give the place 5 stars is because since it's one of the most popular spots to hit in Old City for salsa, it tends to be very very crowded and there's hardly any room for dancing since the dance area isn't that big. Still, if you want to relax, you can always chill at the bar and enjoy some great latin music.This is a fairly small place and it packs in a lot of dedicated salsa and bachata dancers! Saturday night starts with a salsa lesson (with Mike from Estilio who is awesome!) at 9:30 and at 10:30 open floor.  My experienice on Saturday night has been that there are a lot of tourists or occasional salsa dancers earlier on in the night.  The crowd is always fun though and the bar service is pretty good despite how busy it gets. Wed night is a more advanced lesson, more advanced level dancing crowd, but less people on the dance floor (after all it is a Wed night!).Excellent Latin music. If you don't dance you can take lessons for free.I love this place, how small it is, the wooden floor, they usually get me at 7/10 on drinks and music. If only we had about three other locations of this joint... SighSo, I lived in Mexico for a while, which did nothing for my Latin dancing skills except, of course, make me self-conscious of them. I'm a disaster. But, if you're into the Latin scene, Brasil's is probably one of the best places in Philly to find yourself a competent partner, or, if you're a beginner, to improve your steps. The music is what you'd expect -- salsa, merengue, bachata -- and the crowd on the weekends is generally an even Latin-gringo mix, so, for the gringos/as among us, you needn't be afraid of embarrassing yourselves at Brasil's. There are always hopeless types like myself out there to make you look good.Do not use "Book an activity" from yelp for the activity. We got to know from the nightclub it's a scam. So the nightclub was aware of it, and didn't do anything about it. The night was fun. However, one star for not taking actions against scamFun latin dance club . Check out wedn. and sat. nights for the best dancers. Cheap $10 cover and sometimes they have good live bands (for holidays and events).There is a great Salsa master there. HE IS SIMPLY AWESOME.
My friends and I were actually worried at first, cuz we wanted to go to a proper place to dance, and we hadnt been there before. The place turned out actually very nice.Learned salsa dancing here!
Food: not sure
Drinks: alright, nothing crazy, nothing bad
Atmosphere/Service: can't be better (albeit the floor isn't that large)I have two left feet and I hate touching sweaty people.. But I had an awesome time here on a Saturday night. It was $10 for cover, went we up the stairs into the night of dancing with lots of many different sweaty men. All the men were also there to just dance and have a great time. No cheesy business! Even if you don't know how to salsa dance, have no fear and just follow the lead. If you're open to have fun, it is almost guaranteed that you will have a good time here.I had high expectations about this place because all the good reviews. But I was disappointed. first I'm going to tell you the good part; the area outside is nice, there is a parking lot right in front of the place. The classes on Friday started on time and it was fun at the beginning. You do the steps in group.
The BAD part is when they separate men and women and start the couples part, they tell you that you must rotate partners to learn from each other and I was with my husband, I was NOT OK with the rotation so we had to sit down for the second part of the class to not disrupt the flow of the others in the circle. 
Finally this is an OK ugly place for singles, you'll have fun and get to know a lot of people. Oh and for open mind people is a good place I guess.
I think they should have say, the couples that don't want to rotate come this side and the couples that want to rotate this side or whatever...
This Brazilian way of thinking doesn't match my Mexican way of thinking. Hahha... I would not go back. I gave two stars instead of one because I had fun without finishing the salsa class and the atmosphere was good. So there you have as honest as I can be.The lessons were really fun and good for beginners.  However, I will say--a girl's worst nightmare came true when we separated into two lines and the guys asked the girls to dance...and I was literally the only woman left without a partner.  You would think that the instructor would come and dance with me...but he left me by myself until we rotated partners.  
Aside from that, a great free lesson on a Friday night!  Nice staff and not an overly crowded place.I liked this place (didn't love it). The music was so so, (lack of variety), but the dancing was as advertised (Salsa....all night long). Don't get me wrong, it was a fun experience. I just hoped to have been wowed more. But it was also my first time and I want to give it another shot!!!The $20 minimum is outrageous and there is no clear signage about it. They made me go to the atm and pay a $2 surcharge and then made me wait another 10 minutes for the bar tender to come back. Sorry but this is poor way to treat customers who pay a $10 cover just to get in.5 stars for dance lessons on Fridays.
I don't stay long after the lesson because I'm not the best dancer. I keep planning to start going here weekly. I think I'll make it tomorrow.Place is extremely small. Just another hole in the wall. They have salsa dancing classes here, but they're difficult to enjoy because the place is literally the size of my living room (in my less than 1600 sq ft home). The drinks are okay in general. The drink "specials" are okay. I enjoyed the Kamikaze shot. But the entire time, I was packed into a tiny corner and had to keep moving because within the first hour or two after the salsa class began, more people were just flooding in constantly, to the point where there was no place to get involved in the dancing, let alone try to practice or follow along on the side. Overall, not a great establishment. Spend your $5 cover elsewhere.What can I say I love love love this place!!!! There always a salsa lessons that goes on in the beginning of the night best dance teacher ever I believe his name was mike andino he took his time with me and my friend although the lessons was packed!! He still cater to us. The bartenders knew there drinks best mojito ever it tasted so fresh! FYI ask Amanda to make it  I highly recommend coming here it's a very great place to meet new people everyone is so friendly no bad vibes$5 for 1 hour of salsa dance lessons and a night of dancing with drink specials! Definitely the place if you have no idea how to dance but if you're already a dancer this place will bore you to death.
Con: small - the place looks like one long hallway.So don't be confused this place is called Encore now.  We had a blast and classes usually start around 9:30 to !0:30pm, then the floor is open to dancing.  The downstairs is where the regular music club is and they play good music.  The dance floor is small but it works.  I would say it's about an even amount of guys and girls in the place with the unseasonal dancer that is aiming for the Jersey Shore cast.  It was a good night and really good if you're a cute female.
Yay for you lightweights out there, they give you lemon, lime or orange slices with your shots, if you need it!Snow storm still about 30 people Down Stairs and  2nd floor seems to have all the action.... seems every 2nd wed is the time to go. Friendly and pretty bar tenders . Bar mgr was very good and attentive.  This place is for serious salsa learnersThis is a great place to go dancing in the city and get a good workout! You don't need to know how to dance the instructors are great and very funny. There are plenty of beginners so you don't feel silly and the men are usually gentleman and will show you how to dance so don't be afraid Ladies. Also you can get into the club on the first floor if you want to dance to hip hop music although it doesn't get crowded until much later.If you want to learn Salsa, smoke hookah, drink the best Mojitos in Philly while looking at the sexy bartender then Brasil's is your place. Its a bit tight and the "VIP" area could be updated  but I think it adds to the Latin ambiance. I love how there are people of all colors and backgrounds who dance salsa so well! I will be back!I have two left feet, but on Saturday nights from 9pm till 10:30 -- I am salsa dancing!  Brasil's  has found the most gifted beginner salsa instructors and salsa never was so easy!  
So, if you want to learn a few basic salsa steps, Brasil's is the place!  For a low entrance fee ($5 for women, $10 men) you will have hours of fun.
If you see me there with my girlfriends ... come on over and say Hi!Not a Brazilian place at all!! Dont play Brazilian songs and the caipirinha is not like brazilian at allI used to like to come to this place.   They have lessons that are fun to take and they have enough room to actually dance.  
The reasons for only 3 stars... The music has gotten odd.  Living with a Colombian, I am constantly listening to salsa, bachata, etc. etc.. all day long.  I get to Brazils and they play the same songs (good), but then the mix it with music that is just hard to dance to or no one has ever heard.  
The DJ seems to miss the fact that when he does, that 50% of the people dancing stop and stand along the edges of the wall.  I know the DJ has been there a long time, but he needs to remember the music should be for the people dancing, not what flight of fancy he maybe on that day.
I would definitely recommend for people who want to get a free lesson.  For singles who want to dance with others (a lot of singles there).  For others... you may want to hit Cuba Libre for the better music/DJ.I decided to check out the local Latin scene in old town Philadelphia. Boy did I pick the wrong place. It's located in a great neighborhood but it's on the second floor. You have to check your coat two flights downstairs. Are you serious? The 10 dollar cover was fine considering it was the day after Thanksgiving. The place is one big hallway. Plenty of potential dancers. Reminds me of a dance studio social. But the Dj? Que horrible. He played a salsa mix from 1994 that I had on my Walkman. Cmon man.This place is intimate but legit for salsa, bachata, merengue, cha cha cha dancers - beginners to advanced (or those who think they are advanced).  I like management and the bartenders, they do their job well.  If you have to park do so on the bridge after 10 pm (free/reduced parking) and go to the lesson then (starts late anyway).  The instructors are great.  Only downside - know that the man or woman you go with may leave with someone else!  True story - those who don't know, part of the salsa culture!!  Fair warning!!!One of my favorite spots for salsa and bachata. I've danced here for four years, and I'm still in love. The more experienced dancer should check out the midweek intermediate class. Weekend classes are for beginners (but can serve as a good refresher for anyone). The class is included in the cover ($5 for ladies, might be more for men.) Sonya of La Luna and Mike Andino of Estilo are excellent instructors. It's a good crowd too; unlike some other spots, people really do come to dance. I have never had a bad time here.  I always leave breathless and sweaty--and I would have it no other way!Sexy, Hot, SALSA! 
When I am in the mood to cut a rug, this is it! The hottest nights are Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. With a $5 cover charge you get a super fun salsa lesson. Salsa lessons start at around 9:30ish and last for about an hour. When the class is all done, you get  to practice your moves and dance the night away until 2am! The DJ plays mainly salsa but he also plays other Latin tunes like bachata and merengue. 
The club itself is pretty small and gets packed so come early if you want to snag a seat at the bar. Also, prepare to sweat! This place gets HOT! I really love the crowd here. There is a mix of all ages (21 and up) and nationalities. You also have your beginner dancers as well as the pros. I promise you will have a fun time. I always do!To be honest, I have never really enjoyed myself at Brasil's unless I show up with someone I know. It could be that it gets crowded there on Wednesdays and alot of people end up crashing or stepping on you.   Without that annoyance, I think I'd have a better time.
Many of the beginner dancers show up early in the night, but the more advanced dancers tend to come around 11 pm when the "working" crowd seem to leave. That's when the dnace floor clears up and it becomes easier to dance.
I haven't been there in a while, but from what someone else has told me, the place isn't the same as I remember it. I will be visiting Brasil's again the Friday after Thanksgiving and will let you know how it goes.
I give it two thumbs up for the cheap cover. Last time I went it was $5. 
Arren
Salsa Dancing Addict
http://www.salsa-dancing-addict.comI can only comment on the Saturday night salsa b/c that's what I went to.  The cover is $5 for ladies before 11 PM, I believe, and $10 for the gents - sorry, guys.  It's always more expensive for the men although someone correctly pointed out that there was definitely a disproportionate number of ladies compared to men during the lesson. Even the bartender at Brasil's was waved over to join the lesson since there was a definite scarcity of men.  Per him, that happens quite frequently (shortage of men).
At any rate, no partner needed to come since everyone is randomly paired with a partner of the opposite sex (despite the aforementioned number of women outnumbering men, so all the ladies will be sans partner at some point during the lesson). Not to worry, the instructor has everyone change partners about every 30 seconds so you're never with the same person too long. (That's a bit of a minus if you came with a partner - you get separated from him for most of the lesson.) The lesson is from 9-10:30 PM, so that's a decent amount of time to get a few simple steps and routines down.  The particular instructor the night I came - missed his name, as I came in late - was pretty entertaining, and the time passed quickly. He teaches you basic moves sans music first then adds music later on.  Once the lesson's over and the dancing starts at 10:30, it's nice if you brought a partner, otherwise it's sort of like back to high school looking for a partner since you can't really salsa on your own.   They also played bachata music but that wasn't taught at all during the lesson so I really didn't know what I was supposed to be doing with my feet during the bachata songs. Overall, fun place to bring yourself +/- a partner and/or with a group.
Also, coat check available downstairs for a mere $1.  Love that!  Wouldn't have minded if there were paper towels or a hand dryer or something in the restroom but you won't be hanging out there too long anyway.If you want to have a good time come to this place with an open mind and your dancing shoes on. If you are a beginner two salsa such as myself I suggest getting here by 930 and taking advantage of the full one hour beginners lesson. The instructor was very helpful in getting the basic moves down. Until 11 PM coronas are only three dollars and the bartenders are very friendly. There's always someone to take you to dance for if you come alone and show you the right moves. Easier for the ladies.  I like that there's also a hip-hop club downstairs if you feel like switching things up a little bit and salsa is not your thing. There is a $10 cover for men and five dollar cover for women. I think it's worth it, especially if you come for the introductory dance lesson and take advantage of the drink specials. This is also a great date night extravaganza. I hope getting spun around doesn't make you nauseas.Such an amazing time! I planned a Batchloette party for a friend here and everyone couldn't stop talking about how much fun we had. We scheduled a private class with Mike, he was amazing! He kept everyone feeling comfortable, accomplished, interested and also respected. We had such a good time that we rescheduled dinner reservations to stay for a second class with him. I highly recommend this club, and I highly recommend a private class with Mike.Super fun for dancing, and the staff and service is amazing! Came for the salsa dancing and was not disappointed! I feel like a pro now. 
Also had a great time at the bar. We ordered a hookah up from downstairs an they have really good happy hour deals. Kat and Vanessa we two of the servers working when I was there and they were very quick, and super friendly. Can't wait to come back another night soon!The Salsa lessons here are fantastic!! I came on a Wednesday night with my 2 sisters and brother from europe and they loved it as well. The cover was $5 for women and $10 for the gents. We got there early and were a little discouraged by the crowd size, but after about 15 mins, the room was packed! It was absolutely amazing.  The teacher is so bubbly, funny, and patient despite being very obviously pregnant. She  goes over the steps many times and in many segmants. She also works personally with anyone really struggling. There is a constant rotation of partners, so no one ever really feels left out. After the lesson, I they opened the floor and had a live band playing! I was amazed by how many steps my body remembered and I was killing it on the floor (at least I felt like it haha!) It was a wonderful experience and I already have plans to go back!Mike Andino is such an enthusiastic and encouraging teacher. He makes learning fun, and he is passionate about this. It rubs off on you. Try to find the lessons at Brasil's when Mike is teaching.Brasil's offers a great Latin dance alternative to Cuba Libre right around the corner. I haven't taken the lessons yet, but the music is usually pretty good (sometimes a little too much Reggaeton if you're really want to hear a true latin variety). The crowd is also mixed and not too dressed up so it has a neighborhood bar feel to it. Definitely one of my go-to spots when dancing is a must.I've been itching to find a new salsa place and when my friend suggested Old City as a hangout when he came back from Maine for the holidays, I knew we had to make a trip to Brasil's! I always always leery about going because I'd always heard that the really good dancers go there, but decided to bite the bullet because on Friday and Saturday night's they have a dance lesson before the salsa party!
We got there about 9:15, the lesson started about 9:30 and ran for a full hour. The teacher was super patient since pretty much everyone there was a novice. We started with the basic step, then they taught us how to turn and get back into rhythm. Guys outnumbered the girls so we rotated partners so everyone got to dance with everyone.
After an hour lesson, they opened the dance floor to everyone and it quickly filled (but not uncomfortably so). Around 12:30, some students from the dance instructor's school took the floor; 3 guys and a girl and they were amazng! Every twist and turn, the girl switched partners! On a side note, the myth that only the best dancers go to Brasil's is false; I think people mistake the students for regular patrons!
Drinks were average for Old City ($7 for my cranberry/vodka) and had a decent amount of alcohol (unlike some places where you can't even taste it!). 
I could definitely be convinced to make this my new go-to place for salsa dancing!Their rule for credit cards is terrible. $20 minimum. I had spent $100, tabbed out, paid my CC check. Then I wanted tap water and they said that they only sell bottle water and that it's $3. I tried to use my CC to buy a bottle of water and they said no bc I would need to spend ANOTHER $20. *INSERT EXPLETIVES*
The dancing and the music were great though.Love their dancing nights! So interested in learning Salsa  Let's go everyone! Let's get our dance onLow Priced Cover? Check! 
Dance Instruction? Check!
Hot Latin Men? Check!
Great Mix of Music? Check!
Good enough for me.  Brasil's is the upstairs portion of a venue named "Encore" on the banner.  The cover is $5 and includes a 45 minute dance instruction that started at 9:30 when I went.  I believe our instructor's name was Danny and he was pretty good. He was able to get a class of about 20-30 people all on the right foot with the basics.  Good personality but there's only so much you're going to learn in a class that size.  
After the class ends the DJ turns down the lights and turns up the music for a nice mix of Salsa, Merenge, and Bachata.  The men are all eager to dance with you and very forgiving when you goof up.  Out of the couple of hours I was there I probably only sat out two songs the entire night. People kept grabbing me to dance and trust me I'm not that good!
It's a very casual spot that has a comfy bar atmosphere to it.  Some people wear dresses or skirts, some don't.  Many wear jeans or nice slicks and a top.  Don't overdress!
Looking forward to learning more advanced moves and coming back to show them off here.I had a college project to do with them. People are friendly and super nice. But it's more like a Latin dance club. Really not my things.Went here on a Saturday for their 9:30 salsa lesson. The guy who instructs it is very good and breaks down the dance into very basic steps that are practiced a bunch before adding on another step. Don't expect to have one on one time with your date as the lesson involves rotating partners every 30 seconds. This as weird as it sounds was a great way to learn dance as it lets you practice your own moves and learn from each of your partners before coming back to your original date. 
Drinks were average. They had a Melon ball drink special that was absolutely terrible: melon liquor, vodka and pineapple... couldn't drink that so stuck to gin and soda for $8 a drink. They have $3 Coronas, which seems like a decent deal for people who drink beerI've been here 2 times so far once on Friday and once on Saturday.
-Lessons are great for beginners.
-Drink prices are awesome. $3 Coronas but also $3 waters which is partly why this place is getting 3 stars.
-Mandatory coat check $1
-Very packed probably due to the low drink prices and low cover charge, but dance floor isn't usually to packed as not as many people are dancing
-Music is too loud
-DJ is a small problem maybe? The 2 nights I've been here, he's played pretty much the same song. You're guaranteed to hear Romeo's Tuyo 2 times and Sobredosis but for some reason he doesn't play Heroe Favorito nor Imitadora. Some of the Bachata songs are too slow and he doesn't speed them up and people just don't dance to slow bachata (nor DR bachata). He'll always remind everyone to stop putting drinks on speakers which I agree with, so people, stop it! Or he'll play Yo Tambien's 30second intro twice to torture you to make point!
-Other than Salsa/Bachata, the DJ will play Despacito at least once, 1 cumbia, 1 cha cha, and then 2-3 reggaetons
Even though I'm giving this place 3 stars, I'd probably still come back because it's pretty small/intimate and drinks are cheap :) But I'll probably bring ear plugs next timeMy husband and I went there on a saturday night at 9.15 for a salsa lesson, then dancing.  There was of course no parking on that street (busy street with lots of other night spots) so we parked a block away for $15, which wasn't too bad.  We got there when the lesson had just started.  The instructor (blonde spunky lady, can't recall her name!) was witty and fun.  The women outnumbered the men, but there were enough people present altogether to practice (about 10 guys to 20 or so women).  The lesson is free, and the instructor has everyone rotate around so every woman gets to dance with a male partner (which is nice for those who come solo).  If you come as a couple, you have to be willing to share! We both had a good time, there is a big mirror just like in a dance studio, which helps with practicing your moves and admiring yourself at the same time.  Then at 10.30, the dancefloor was opened to dancing.  It was overall a fun night, and we both truly enjoyed it.UGH I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVED COMING HERE SO MUCH. I can't explain how fun it was to go dance to great music with fun people who like dancing too, not to mention how great of dancers some people were. Don't come here thinking you need to know how to salsa because they teach you the basic steps! But you can also watch some of the professionals too. 
The front door situation is a little weird and the lady told us we had to coat check our jackets because it was mandatory it was kind of bizarre. We just ignored her. There is an upstairs and a downstairs. The salsa club is upstairs and there is a hip hop hookah bar downstairs. The salsa club was packed! But not too overwhelming, we were there around 10:30pm. They had great bar service and some cool drink specials. 
I can't wait to come back here for a date night and another girls night out. I heard they have dance classes and Friday/Saturday night specials. I will probably be raving about this place for a while. (P.s they have coconut tequila. It's really good)A few months ago, the DJ became angry at a few of the patrons (for not dancing, apparently) & stopped the music to yell at them, calling them fa**ots. I immediately went up to him to explain that I found that language offensive. Instead of listening, he literally put his hands on my shoulders & pushed me out of the way without even asking me to move. When I returned later to address it with him again, he was extremely rude, asking me if I was a fa**ot. He was not apologetic or willing to concede that his language was offensive. Giving up on him, I tried to speak with management. The bouncers looked suitably appalled & called the owner over to speak with me. The owner stated he was drunk at the time but would be interested in speaking with me about it at another time. He gave me his number. I called. He never called back. Another attempt to speak with management again found them unresponsive. I will not be returning.Loved the salsa learning classes. The instructor is fun and great! Had an awesome time. Went here for my first date. Had an awesome time!I remember Brasil's being so much fun! If you are a dancer, you will love it! Leave your inhibitions at the door. 
Good mix of upbeat latin music. Great place for salsa dancers.So because my husband is a dancing machine and routinely wipes the floor with me, I decided to take him to Brasil's for Salsa dancing. We arrived a little before the Salsa Lesson started so we grabbed a few non alcoholic drinks from the bar and waited.
Once the instructor arrived and we had a room full of people, the lesson began.
All I can say, is THIS IS A WORKOUT! My flipping shins and thighs were burning so bad by the time this was over. In my defense, I'm a couch potato who moves once a decade.
I had a BLAST. The instructor was really nice, and she made sure that all of us rotated partners. So I got a chance to dance (POORLY) with every guy there and vice versa. If I was single, I suppose a room full of drunk men would be a plus. 
There were all kinds of people here. Latin, Black, White, Young and Old! 
My only complaint is that some of the men seemed to be really good dancers, regulars at the club and were clearly put off by my two left feet. I tried to apologize in advance before the music began, but once or twice I actually had a guy "lecture" me on the proper steps. (No, No don't go left!  It's right!  Turn on three! It's not that hard really!)
Maybe they were put off by seeing a black woman with absolutely no rhythm. I get it. 
In the end, I had an awesome time, and I saw my husband (as usual) dancing up a storm with all the ladies in the room. If i wasn't too busy trying to keep up, I'd have been jealous!Great place to learn basic salsa lessons! Lessons from 9:30-10:30. You don't need a partner for lessons. Dance floor opens up after the lesson finish. Drinks are average price.Step 1: Wear comfortable shoes.
Step 2: Get a Melon ball at the bar for $4.
Step 3: Fake it, til you make it.
I am so glad I have held off in writing my review for Brasils! Just went by to visit after a long hiatus from the Latin dancing and I was really impressed. Just be warned, the downstairs is ALWAYS empty! I don't know why they just don't make the WHOLE place a Latin club, especially considering that the downstairs area is so spacious. 
Anyways, there is a $10 cover for guys, $5 for ladies, if you want to get your money's worth come for the 9 pm salsa class too. My hubby and I like to enjoy the drink specials at the bar instead.
The great thing about Brasil's is that is is a real dancing place. So unlike Cuba Libre up the block that attracts every tourist and drunk white guy within 15 miles, this place attracts a crowd that WANTS to dance. That's not to scare away any beginners, but it is to say that you will always get asked to dance and guys are respectful, and not stepping all over your toes!
The mix is mostly salsa, bachata and merengue, so less of the reggaeton (because there's not dancing to grinding your crotch on someone). If you get here before 11, drink specials are pretty good at the bar, they pour a good drink regardless. This is a no frills dance floor that will make you work up a sweat! I love it because if you are with a group of people that don't really like dancing all night, you can bar hop easily to a ton of other places without a cover.I recently started going here after being disappointed with Cuba Libre. Brasil's is by far a better place to dance. It's definitely a hot spot when it comes to the Philly Salsa scene. They offer lessons around 9:15 on Wed, Fri, and Sat. Cover is $5 before 11 and $10 after 11, but that included the lesson if you go early enough. Most of the dancers here really know what they are doing, but people are friendly and will definitely dance with you anyway. Gets crowded and hot, so be careful what you wear! And it's definitely not closed, enough though it says that it is ....Good Latin music on top floor, good hip hop music downstairs. However, in the 45 min that we checked on the bottom floor it went from a group of 5 people to no people on the dance floor, super bummed about that. There's a decent amount of good dancers upstairs, and the crowd got bigger as the night progressed so definitely go there if you want to dance Latin music. Decent cover at $10 which is more economical than the $20 clubs back in Boston.When Brasil's is hot, it's amazing.
Other nights... ehhhh.
Just know what nights have events going on. I never really look into that because I'm not deep into the Salsa or Bachata scene in Philly, but I'd say one out of every three times I've been here on like, a Thursday, it'd go down like this:
"Is it warming up up there?" I ask the bouncer.
"Yeah, it's good."
So I pay my $10 and there will be like, 20 dudes standing against the walls upstairs with no one to dance with.
Live band and performance nights seem to be the best nights to go. Like I said, just look out for when the events are happening, because that's when Brasil's is at its best.Just finished up with getting salsa lessons with my wife and we had a great time! If you're looking to have some fun and learn with friendly people this is the spot.