Hey y'all, I'm flying the Jolly Roger and cruising through the airy lands when I come across this boutique beaut. Settled in for the long haul and I have to tell you mateys that the grub is top notch. Grog is plentiful too, if you have the foresight to bring it. Highly recommended from the whole motley crew even the gluten free pirate and I'll be back with commendations from the queen. 
Argh! I mean yar!!
-- --- .-. ... .Love the food ! It's a pretty friendly space . Also small and quaint. Plan to wait for that reason or call ahead for take out.OMG. ordered on a whim while craving breakfast food......LOVE LOVE LOVED IT. i ordered the breakfast sandwich on a croissant with turkey bacon.. everything was warm and flavored to perfection when arrived. i also ordered the home fries (they came with cheese which i didn't ask for or expect, but LOVED also) and i had to go
the extra mile and order the breakfast sampler with the different types of pancakes, french toast, and even stuffed french toast. my order arrived within a decent amount of time.. i truly can't express how much i enjoyed this food!3.5* A decent option for a weekend meal.  I have heard mixed reviews, but decided we'd look for ourselves, and this was our first time at any of the locations. 
First impressions, cute and clean.  Staff were attentive, we sat right away and it wasn't busy (nor was it empty).   Menu had plenty of options, with average prices.  The downside, food was so so.  I didn't love the pancakes (buttermilk), eggs were just eggs, except missing the cheese I asked for.  In fact my daughter's food was the best of the table, and she got the fried chicken, so not even breakfast.
Bottom line, I'd go back if only for the easy seating.  That's hard to come by on a Saturday at brunch time in our neighborhood.Very please with the service here. Mostly all of the staff where helpful and friendly. Food was amazing. Coffee was hot and delicious! The decor was so cute and the bathroom was sooooooo nice! We went today for Mother's Day and still where seen in a timely matter. My only downfall was our waitress wasn't the friendliest like all the other staff but I assumed she was erked to work on Mother's Day. Overall our experience was great!Omg, the shrimp and grits were awesome. Service was attentive and friendly. No wonder this place is always packed!Space is limited but it's well worth it. Prices are reasonable. Desiree is a sweet and efficient waitress. If u want the sweet tea, mix it with their lemonade. . Chicken and waffles, shrimp and grits, fish and grits are my faves!It is Sunday morning and I have to go to work so I think I would love some good food. I will pass Breakfast Boutique Mt. Airy so let me call in the order.
I call they ask me to 'please hold' no problem.
I am on hold for 12 minutes!!!
By this time I have made it to the location.
I call again...busy...I call again your call has been forwarded. 
Okay it's almost 11am they probably busy.
I go in on the take outside.
There are FOUR 4 young ladies at the counter.
No hello, no welcome. 
They are talking amongst themselves.
The place order side young ladies continue to talk with out asking if the can help me for another 6 minutes then one walks to the back saying she going to help out back there.
Well what about your customers out here???!?!!
Finally, after Uber eats pick gets served right away the young lady from the pick upside says, 'You waiting for something?' 
I wanted to say yes. Good customer service. Which apparently I will not find in this establishment. 
I ask can I please order she tells ok, but it will be a 35 minute wait?
I just waited 12 minutes on the phone and 6 here.
She just looks at me.
No apology....terrible.
I tell no thank you and leave.
I call the Chestnut Hill location.
Because it's not that far really.
And I get the same busy signal.
Now you may not care about how you are treated.
But i work so hard for my money.
It is NO WAY i would give anybody my business that does not show my respect. 
Black owned or NOT.
In the end I back tracked
Called Trio cafe on Germantown ave near the credit union.
they answered the phone right away.
It will be done in 10 minutes. 
It's a shame...just wanted to share.
Because I would want to know.I enjoy my food experience every time I go ( which is once a week). The staff is super friendly and very warm. I love that they have tons of non-meat options ( their avocado toast is the best !).  I started bringing my clients their for meetings. Thank you for your great service and for always starting my like a rock star !!One of the best places to get breakfast from in the Mt. Airy. They just have take out at the moment so I ordered via DoorDash. I got their chicken & waffles that were very good. The chicks was done right and seasoned well and the waffles were very soft is delicious.Gotta be honest and say that this spot was second to the one in Chestnut Hill. Food was decent, but a little overly buttered for my taste, and im feeling a little heavy after eating. Service was solid, but they could have had another server to help out and not put all the pressure on one guy. 
Overall a good experience, would definitely consider coming back to support againListen, if you want to walk into a restaurant or "breakfast boutique" and wait 30 mins for someone to even speak to you, this is the place you wanna be. The two guys working behind the counter move at a sloths pace and have no ability to multi task. They have absolutely no sense of urgency while working in a restaurant industry. It's just ridiculous.I will never EVER ORDER FROM THIS PLACE AGAIN. Placed and order for over $50 and this is the result, subpar food and wasted money and time. French toast was horrible, chicken undercooked with 4 soggy halves of waffles and one rotten strawberry. Ordered what was supposed to be "Fresh Seasonal Fruit" instead it's browning and thrown together. I WILL NEVER SUPPORT THIS BUSINESS AGAIN! The way to keep customers and stay in business is to serve quality food, even beyond the Grand Opening. This is why it's difficult to support certain businesses because the lack of care and quality shown towards customers who spend their hard earned money.I found this place while I was looking for breakfast on DoorDash. I ordered the stuffed French toast with a side of sausage. I feel like ordering French toast is the safest order when trying out a new restaurant for the first time. The French toast was absolutely perfect! The filling was sweet but not too sweet. I would definitely recommend this restaurant and I would order again in the future.see other reviews. ordered from doordash at 9:45 am and had to cancel as it was going on 11:45 with no update.The Breakfast Boutique once again did not disappoint. This is my third visit to their establishment; second at the Chestnut Hill location and I have tried three different dishes and enjoyed them all. 
The first visit I ordered the Boutique Sampler which consisted of the red velvet pancake, French toast, and cinnamon pancake. The second visit I ordered the shrimp and grits with a side order of home fries. This recent visit I ordered the Early Morning which consists of three eggs your way (I had mine scrambled with cheese), your choice of meat (I had turkey bacon-3 slices), homefries with onions and peppers, and wheat toast. Our server Kelly was nice, friendly and very responsive. I look forward to trying something new during my next visit.Great food! It has an old school soul food sort of taste. Prices are decent, I'd go more often if I had the time and the budget.Went today around 10:45 for breakfast Food was very good. I had the frittata with quinoa, hashbrowns, scrambled eggs and spinach with bacon on the side.  My boyfriend had the grilled shrimp with grits. Only problem I had was the service.  I had to ask for another cup of coffee and another orange juice for my bf.I was already finished my first cup while waiting for my food. I like my coffee with my breakfast so it was really annoying to wait for another 20 min for coffee and oj. No apologies from server. Once we were finished,  no offer of anything else.  Never checked back to see if we needed anything the entire time.  I really did not feel like she deserved a tip but my bf wasn't having it. I appreciate good food but the service really needs workI am so happy they opened a location in my neighborhood. Our family goes whenever we can. Everything is always delicious! The pancakes and french toast are perfect! The omelettes and frittatas are great! The homefries are on point. But best of all, imo, is the fried whiting and grits! The whiting is nicely seasoned and always fried perfectly - light and crispy, not oily.  The grits are creamy, cheesy yumminess. Good coffee. Everything is always prepared fresh, to order. And the service is always friendly and attentive.  I can't say enough! We finally have a really good breakfast spot in the area!Where do I start! First let me say it's overrated just by the name. Now the chestnut hill location the man was very nice and told us we may have ordered from another location so after going to the carpenter lane one I went in and was told to go next door my god ok this is the third place I've gone too for two breakfast platters then when I get there after repeating my order three times over the phone! The lady Kim or Karen first got my name wrong on the order then the order was wrong. The young man that waited on me showed me food that I didn't order. So then this Woman with a chef jacket comes out asks what did I order took two containers back but not in an apologetic way but with an attitude like I'm interrupting her sleep. The food didn't look appealing at all along with the attitude was enough for me. I refused to spend my money where I felt like Money wasn't needed. It's a no for me for the breakfast boutiqueThis spot was some of the most ghetto  fabulous  hood rats working in there your food is bound to hair strands of fake hair in it they are very rude very selective  If your white don't worry they would cater to you 1st But if your black man you might as well grab a seat because they gonna push you to the backGot cinnamon swirl pancakes, barely any cinnamon and seemed to have a gluten free texture? Not fluffy at all.I have no idea why I've never tried this place out. I found it on Uber eats. My coffee was forgotten, which I really wanted but the food was OUT OF THIS WORLD! So fresh, order was turned around quickly. Will wonder from again and highly recommend!Service was excellent and the food was good!  Great presentation!  I got blueberry waffles and a breakfast sandwich.  Waffles were a little cold but flavorful.  Sandwich was great.  My GF had the shrimp and grits and i was immediately jealous!  Looked and tasted fantastic.  We will be back!The food is amazing and its black owned so I keep giving them a chance. However, the service is so horrible! Every time its an astronomical wait to be seated, wait for a server, wait to receive your food. This was before the pandemic and has gotten even worse now. This past Saturday I tried dining w/a party of 5 and was told to wait because they weren't taking any more customers due to Covid capacity rules. We waited 20 minutes and were told they would call there other location because they had availability. I watched the manager call and put our names in, told us it would be a 30 minute wait but they would seat us. It took us about 15 minutes to get to the other location. When we arrived we were told that the other manager never called (even though I heard him call) and they were not taking any more parties that large. After asking to speak to manager he offered to seat us but it would be another 30 minutes or more. Like I said, this was not the 1st time we have had a bad experience and the managers never are accommodating. One time my husband never received his food, another time they lied and told us they didn't have an menu item when another table received that very item after we requested it, they have run out of orange juice, apple juice, and cranberry juice at times (remember they are known for breakfast). I will NEVER be back to this business.I try and try to give this place a chance since it is in my neighborhood. 
Last time they overcharged us and left us for over 10 minutes after we received the bill. We just paid cash and left. 
This time I go there at 9:30 on a Sunday morning, there are a few parties already seated. We waited for over 3 minutes for someone to come and seat us and no one ever came which also means that no one was attentive to the 12 customers who were already seated.Nice place for breakfast. Food is cooked to order which is why service is sometimes slow. It's worth the wait. I love the sautéed shrimp and grits. My husband enjoys the eggs, home fries and bacon. During the week it's easy to get a table right away. We go here for breakfast whenever I take a day off!Arrived at 111:15am on a Wed. morning.  This establishment has two side by side locations, a sit down restaurant and a take out.  The take out waitress, upon noticing that my 83 year old, obviously mobility impaired father has significant difficulty getting up the stairs and into their take out storefront that we may wish to go next door to their restaurant.  We did. 2 mins after our arrival we were told that we would have to sit with strangers at a 4-Top table or be forced to wait 20-30 mins.
So my mobility impaired 83 year old father and I made our way back to their take out storefront and placed our order.  I'll spare you the lengthy details. It took until 11:48 am 33 mins later, to get our food which was mediocre at best!  
Definitely will not be darkening the entryway of this establishment again!The service here was awful. Waiting to get in was extremely difficult. The food was mediocre. We had to wait at least 10mins to get silverware after our food was taken out to us. By then the food was cold. Once seated we never received our drinks until after the meal. Over all this was a horrible experience and I would never go back.Nothing good to say, very disappointed. Service was extremely slow and inattentive. Food wasn't even mediocre. Grits lumpy, cheese placed on top of the grits. So called gravy was thin and unseasoned. The shrimp were big and it ended there! No taste whatsoever. Wife's food, omelette was cold, grits lumpy and overall no taste. We were never asked were things were ok. My coffee stopped coming. We were never offered water. 3rd time here and it was not a charm. I can no longer support this establishment. Truly disappointed!!!I used to go to this place when they had a location on Ogontz ave and I always loved my food. I was really excited when the opened sit down locations on Germantown ave. My Dad likes the food and often does takeout, so since they have this new fancy location, I decided to take my Dad there for Father's Day. Boy oh boy- why did I do that? There was a wait but Im cool with that. Once they called us for the table, they cleaned it off and we sat down. The table was super wet and it got all over my arms and clothes:( We called over someone to dry the table and the waiter brings napkins to us like we work there! WTF? Ok so Irked #1 -- Next, the waiter comes over with his pad and just stands there- He did not even say the customary, "Hi My name is... I'll be your server for the day." Ok, so next I attempted to order french toast- Mind you they serve breakfast all day- ok so the waiter proceeds to tell me that they have no bread!! WTF? How is your main function- breakfast and you have no frickin bread for french toast??? Unacceptable!- Irked #2--- Next, we ask for a coffee refill and 15 minutes goes by and we see the waiter filling up someone else's coffee, so we say we're still waiting and he says Oh you wanted coffee? WTF? The restaurant only has about 8 table and he only had like 2 of them!!!- Irked #3---- Next, the waiter brings my Mom's lemonade and puts his whole hand over the top of the glass and puts it down on the table. WTF? Totally unsanitary! You never put your hand over someone's glass!!! My Mom was so disgusted! Irked#4--- They also messed up my Mom's order and served some of it cold!!! Overall, it was not a good experience. Unfortunatley, I cannot recommend this place and I will not be sitting in again. May still do take out but that's it! Service sucked and that waiter needs a new profession- He was the absolute worst!My wife decided to order breakfast for Father's Day. She placed the order by phone. At 8:45 AM, she received a phone call, alerting her that the order was ready for pickup. I arrived at approximately 9:00 AM. I gave the staff at the counter the name for the order. The chef/lead, Ms. Dee told me "just a second" and went into the back/prep area. I noticed food in the window. A gentleman named Jose' was bagging orders for pickup and there were also DoorDash and GrubHub orders being prepared. A gentleman who was in the restaurant ahead of me received his order. And left. A few other people came in to place orders.  Two other young ladies were in the restaurant, assisting with orders and also serving customers who were eating in. 
I waited patiently as more orders were going out of the door and I hadn't yet been served. A third young lady came to the counter, fielding calls and also bagging orders. She asked me had I been helped yet. I explained to her that I'd called in and had been notified that my order was ready for pickup. She then went to the window, where the orders had been sitting. She came over and told me that I was ready. However, only half of my food was ready. I explained to her what the issue was, she replied in a slightly impertinent tone " I just got here, I don't know what's going on." I explained again, by telling her what was missing. 
At approximately 9:45, I finally got my order. However, some of the food was undercooked. 
I've eaten here before and was totally satisfied with the meal. But this time, the service left a whole lot to be desired.The worst service. Wait staff did not contact me even though I was sitting right outside their establishment. After 45 minutes I went in to check the wait. I go in and my name is crossed out. I signal the waiter over he said one minute goes to the kitchen and I don't see another waiter for about 10-15 minutes. It is packed in the restaurant. Another waiter comes out I signal them to come over they ignore me mind you my inquiry is just how long is my wait initially but since my name was crossed out I am questioning why. Another waiter comes out to collect payment from a customer I asked to speak with her as soon as she was done. I inquired as to why my name was crossed out she said maybe a call was made I said no because the number you have is correct. Also I was sitting outside of this establishment and no one came out to call my name/ called my phone. So again why was my name crossed out? Waitress: uhh uhhh I don't know ...accident.Saturday breakfast turned to brunch. I think with most places there tends to be a wait for a table that but wasn't my issue. Got to the restaurant about 11:30 and we were seated at 12. The waitress didn't come to the table until 12:25 which was 10 minutes after I asked the host about someone taking our order. The waitress came, said sorry for the wait, took our order and didn't return until nearly 20 minutes later when she put a messy syrup dispenser on the table. Meanwhile three tables that were seated after us were waited on and had their meals. We literally waited a half an hour for our food and the only reason I didn't leave was because my granddaughter was so hungry. 
The host was very pleasant and attentive but the waitress was inattentive and I couldn't see that she was overwhelmed more like uninterested. 
The food gets 5 stars but the service on that day gets 2.Don't let the "boutique" name fool you! This place serves up hearty classic breakfast that would stop lumberjacks in their tracks! Though breakfast spots on Germantown Avenue seem to come and go like the 23 bus, I think Breakfast Boutique will stick around for awhile because they have what it takes to last: 1) good food 2) good service 3) variety. 
Pancakes, eggs, vegan options, grits ... everything we ate here was delicious.  The servings are generous too so you may have some to take home if you can  pull yourself away in time. But that's a challenge.
I'm not i'm sure why it often seems like the better the food the worse the service but BB bucks that trend. We had our questions  answered, suggestions made and given patience to decide. Also, their take out game is on point. 
Lastly, the options here  are  breathtaking. You can go down south with  fish and grits, stay halal or kosher (or simply healthy) with ample non-pork options. And if like me you're dining with a vegan, they actually have options for them too that are more than just potatoes and toast. The vegan waffle and sausage were both enjoyed.  
If you're looking for a  spot to enjoy a place that takes breakfast seriously like a diner but with the style and variety to satisfy an upscale brunch audience, the answer is s simple: Breakfast Boutique.The food was horrible , I got fish and grits the fish was soaking in water the grits was super thick I got cheese in them you couldn't taste it . I've order before had a similar experience.Super nice staff! The manager was friendly and I had the best seafood omelet here. Closed at 2.The food was good. But the extremely slow service is unacceptable. 
This location needs better operational flow. The severs dint have good Restaurant etiquette. The person that's supposed to take your drink order seems to be lost. Too many people giving him directions. 
Needs a great ops and kitchen managements staff.The food was great. It was fresh and hot. Service wasn't the fastest but that's okay because it takes time for good food. I'd definitely come backAbsolutely wow.  Very clean. Very stylish.  She had the stuffed french toast with sweet butter cream filling with strawberries on top.  Excellent presentation.  She loved it, but couldn't finish her food and took half home for later.  I had the Green Eggs and Ham.  Eggs scrambled with spinach mixed in.  The ham was particularly tasty, as were the eggs.  Service and coffee were just fine.  $40 with tax and tip.Great food, atmosphere and people. My brother and I ordered the shrimp and grits. My mom ordered eggs with toast and beef bacon. The staff was friendly, easy parking and we received our food pretty fast.My daughter wanted to go to Breakfast Boutique since they have a few Vegan Options.  I was so pleased with my earlier visit this week that I was more than glad to go back. 
This vist didn't quite turn out the same. 
The place is pretty small so it doesn't take much to have people waiting. 
We waited about 30 minutes for a table. The wait staff was very friendly and apologetic about the wait, which was fine.
The wait for our food to come out was about 45 minutes. (No apologies or explanation given) That was disappointing!  We did have coffee and water while we waited. 
My daughter ordered the Vegan Chicken and Waffles.  She said the Chicken was just ok, but the Waffles were dry and tasteless. 
I ordered the Shrimp and Grits and a toasted Croissant.  It was delicious, the grits just needed salt and pepper.  I don't think they add any seasoning. 
All in all, a long wait this time for food, but would differently go back. Just make sure you're not in a hurry.
Vegans! Proceed with caution!First let me start off by saying if I could give this place less than one star I would ! It took over an hour to get them on the phone. Kept going to voicemail had to send my husband there. When he arrived the girl behind the counter was on the phone laughing and joking. He then informed her that someone was trying to call and she said I am sorry was on the phone. I finally got through and then was told she didn't know if they made egg white omelets. Was placed on hold for another ten minutes before I could even order. Then was told they could make it. Ordered an egg white omelet, turkey bacon  ( well done) home fries on the side. Simple right. NO NOT AT ALL. It then took them 45 minutes to make the platter. The home fries were gross, way too much salt couldn't eat them. Turkey bacon was practically raw had to put it in the oven when my husband brought my platter home. The only thing that was somewhat alright was the egg white omelet. But for that meal they charged my husband $18.00 and some change. Hey look, I am all for supporting  small businesses but if you are going to charge New York prices then have New York quality food and service.  Thank you.I was surprised by some of the bad reviews here, maybe there have been new hires since I started going here but I haven't had an issue with service and the food is so good!Breakfast was great at Breakfast Boutique, we ordered Eggs, Home Fried Potatoes, Buttermilk Pancakes and Turkey scrapple. Everything was delicious and the service was good, although they could use more staff to make the wait move more quickly. Overall We enjoyed our breakfast and the pretty decor.Terrible coffee. Totally disorganized. And wtf is this banana pudding?? It looks like effervescent baby vomit. Fortunately, there are plenty of alternatives nearby. 5-star location.What a great little breakfast spot located right on Germantown Ave.  
It is a small restaurant but the set-up is simple but appealing. I came here with a group of 5 for brunch.
I had the Jerk Chicken and Waffles with a side of bacon and eggs.  The jerk chicken and waffles was delicious. The jerk chicken was so succulent,flavorful,spicy,& tender and it tasted great with the waffles with syrup on it.
The cheese eggs were good and the bacon was nice and crispy. The food can take a little bit of time to come out but it's fine because it's so fresh and hot when it comes out.
Definitely come here if you're looking for a great tasting breakfast restaurant.  They have a large menu so the options are limitless!Quaint little breakfast place that my husband and I visited when we were in town for the Lizzo concert. The indoor atmosphere was ok, it seemed like they were trying a little too hard to be trendy with bold, black and white patterns. My husband and I sat outside, which had a nice view of the small town Main Street. I got the eggs Florentine which was nice and light and a good way to start the day. We did have some issues with the service being slow to get us our check.I am a regular to the Chestnut Hill location. Was in Mount Airy and saw it wasnt too crowded( chestnut Hills is always packed) and thought id give it a try. I have a gluten allergy  and both locations turned out are on par in handling that. Make sure you let them know it's an allergy to cook separately if you are ordering a griddle item. The food, like always, was delicious and great portions. Unlike Chestnut Hill however, the service was MIA. Literally, all the staff were hanging in the kitchen the entire time. It took 15 minutes to get seated with open tables! Then another 10 before anyone approached the table. It seemed like the only staff that frequented the dining room was the bus guy. He got me napkins after my server never came back, coffee cup was empty second half of my meal and he brought my check. Which then took another 10 minutes to get taken. While the entire time you could see and hear the two servers hanging in the kitchen messing around.I location is great.  The place is quaint and it is decorated nicely.  The food is ok.  The reason I gave this restaurant a 2 out 5 stars is the customer service is lacking.  The wait time is ridiculous for an establishment so small.  The best thing that the place has going for it is the one male waiter (sorry forgot his name).  He is very nice and tries his best.  The manager needs to work on reducing the wait time.  I would suggest hiring someone to clear the tables and leave the waiters to focus on the customer/ customer service.  I would also suggest offering some complimentary biscuits or muffins to hold the customers over until their food arrives.  You may also need to consider hiring another cook to assist in the back to help get the food out in a timely fashion.Well here's another one gone bad I brought my friend here and was straight embarrassed they were crowned so they offered to seat us near the kitchen in shared seating. Flies everywhere smh. Then we were there for a hour as they brought everyone's food out and we never got are food because of the flies my friend asked that they box it. Well that was another 30 mins so we left and left $5 for the one cup of tea had ..we had parked on the next block as we slowly walked and got all the way to the corner here comes the server screaming do we still want are food we could barely see her face we had walked that far totally embarrassed smh Uhm no thank u... you've waisted enough of my time ....went to the breakfast stop near the pf credit union got breakfast in 15 mins honestly not the same quality but it's half the price and friendly service.The Boutique is where artsy brunch nook meets wallet friendly and delicious meals in a quaint neighborhood.
I got the Jerk Chicken & Waffles in store. The jerk chicken spices complemented the soft waffles. I got the Stuffed French Toast and Eggs Benedict to go. Both were packaged with care, and they tasted delicious- not under or over seasoned or sickeningly sweet.
Overall, this was some of the best prepared meals, that I've had for the price, and the price reflected the generous & filling portions. The only downsides are that there might be a wait for a table and they appear short staffed. Our waitress was a sweetheart, but could definitely use an extra hand. I'll definitely make this a regular spot, when in town!Stopped by this breakfast boutique for my last breakfast in Philly and it was fantastic!
They open at 7:30am and we were able to get seated right away. Staff was very personable, and we got our breakfast orders out very quickly. Loved my green eggs and ham, and was impressed by the amount of green veggies inside my eggs. 
The jerk chicken and waffles got rave reviews from heat and flavor of the wings to the fluffiness of the waffles. No bad bite across our orders, and service was speedy. Will be back the next time I'm in Philly!No one answers the phone. Our first experience we tried to order over the phone for pickup, no one answered after calling multiple times. When my boyfriend drove there, they were indeed open. He asks the guy behind the counter for the hours and told him we called multiple times and no one answered. The guy asked what number we were using, my boyfriend called the number in front of the guy and the phone next to him started ringing, they just don't want to answer. Our second experience same thing only this time driving by they were closed, but the hours on Google and on their door says they should be open. Needless to say, we are done going there.I recently ordered the seafood omelette that was only worth half of the price they charged. I felt like they needed to pull back with the salmon and simply keep the crab meat in the omelette. The potatoes (home fries) was a little too salty for me.This restaurant over the years has been good to me but as of a year or so the service has been slightly unpleasant. Food has been tasting rushed and wait staff has been rather rude. My boy friend and I received cold/undercooked food for a to go order we came back early for and when asked if they could at least reheat it (we were eating the food during a road trip) we were told it was cooked already. I know this place is great with great potential but some of the employees may ruin the reputationFood was great but the wait was a bit long for it to be brunch time. Did a pick up order and still waitedI ordered the vegan chicken and buckwheat waffles, which were amazing (especially with some hot sauce on the chicken)! All of my friends meals looked really good too and they really enjoyed them as well. Great great atmosphere and everyone working seemed to love their job which makes a place serving breakfast 10x better! Only complaint is that our food took a long time to come out, although there was a full house and I'm not sure what other variables could have been involved so I'm pretty understanding when it comes to something like that. Overall great place to go!Great addition to Germantown ave, so far we've only had a couple items from the menu, pancakes are amazing, the breakfast sandwich are great and so tasty, 
It's clean the service is very good and fast, meet the owner and he was very nice .
We frequently hit this spot up and it's perfect because it's right across the street.. as of now pancake and breakfast sandwich are a great pick , working on the other items and will update review.The cost compared to the product doesn't add up but I was hungry so I ate it. But if this is what you're into go for it. But it DIDNT taste TERRIBLE & I was full. The bread is very soft and dense so the texture is nice. Also needs more strawberry filling not one fresh strawberry and one strawberry with syrup.SERVICE WAS ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. I Ordered hot tea-- water was less than warm. When I told the server the tea water wasn't hot, I waited several mins and never did get another cup and just opted for regular cold, tap water. Over 40 mins wait for food. On a Monday morning, it was not  busy. One hostess/server but 2 tables. SHE WAS SLOW & LITERALLY DIDNT GIVE A CRAP about doing her job well. We ordered the salmon croquettes, fried fish, waffles and eggs for the kids. When the side of bacon was brought out, once piece slid from the plate  onto the table -- the server didn't even acknowledge. No offer to bring another order-- nothing. A side of eggs is normally 2 eggs-- what was brought out looked like one egg. The grits had wayyy too much butter in it-- just sitting on the top. The croquette was good, so was the fried fish. Waffles were average. One of the kids' plates was supposed to have turkey bacon but they gave her sausage. Really didn't feel the need to correct it because it would have taken forever and we still wouldn't have been satisfied. The home fries were disgusting. Barely cooked potatoes (in my opinion) and lacked seasoning. There was no toilet paper in the bathroom and when we told the server, there was no urgency to assist.  The cherry on top--the server brings the bill and leaves business cards on the table for her eyebrow and lash business. We left them right on the table. Flabbergasted. First and last time .Service, food, & environment, excellent! Go try it and I promise you, you won't be disappointed! I've been there several times and I haven't been disappointed yet! My favorite server is Brian is always so helpful. He always encourages me to try something different, he knows I like to eat healthy so he recommends the healthier option for me! Love this place!Delicious! Had the boutique skillet with chipotle sweet potatoes, black beans and eggs. Amazing. Coffee was good too. Hubby had fried fish and grits.i was very dissatisiedwith my blueberry pancakes. they were doughy with a clump of blueberries middle. te chantilly cream is usually delicious but today it was nasty. not sure whats going on but this i tge 2nd time. so there wont be a third.This place is great for a good, hearty breakfast. It is often very busy, so it's wonderful that there is a take-out location adjacent to the main restaurant. This allows you to get great food on the go. My only complaint is that whether by myself, or with friends, I'm always sat near the door, and when I ask to be moved it sometimes seems like it's a problem. Also, the large table in the back is communal, I enjoy it (a lot of good folks are patrons) but if that's not you preference, make sure you ask to be sat someplace else. 
Awesome gem of a restaurant!The service was very slow and the food was not good t all. Won't return there again. They were late opening and acted like they didn't want to wait on us.I have been to a few of the Breakfast Boutique locations and wanted to try this location out since they've opened. 
I finally took the time to stop in for breakfast with my husband. I think it was a perfect time, because it was not busy ( Wednesday afternoon about 12pm). We were seated and our order was taken right away. It took a while for our food to come out, but that was fine because it was being made, not just sitting around. 
My husband ordered the "Build your own Omelet,  Grits and a buttery Croissant.  He was in heaven! He even complimented the Chef!
I ordered the " Belly Filler Breakfast ". Don't judge me!! It's eggs (with cheese), home fries, two sausages and two pancakes. Coffee was also nice and hot. 
 No!  l could'nt eat it all, but I tried! Everything was absolutely delicious!
The place is very decorative in all black and white. It has two sides, one for take out and one for dining in.
No parking lot, just street parking. 
I would differently go back!
P.S. They have a few Vegan Options :)Food is not worth the wait. It's mediocre and the wait is ridiculous. I think they should start taking reservations because it's too small of a place. And take out seems to be a long wait tooPurchased three breakfast platters this morning after church service and I not lost for words.
One cheese omelette w/2 side of sausages 
One western & cheese omelette w/ side of bacon
One two eggs over easy w/home fries and sausage 
The home fries were bland did not have that flavorful taste when we ate at the Chestnut Hill site.
Cheese omelette was pretty good you can't go wrong on that one. The sausage should have been cooked longer.
The western omelette did not have cheese on it and there was no side of bacon with my order.
None of the orders had our toast!
Overall, our breakfast sucked! This cost me $43 and some change. Tried calling the restaurant when I arrived home and it kept going to voicemail w/out a ring.
This is the last time I'll purchase from them again. Kim's Trio down the street was closed so I went there. Their breakfast is cheaper and better tasting.
Totally, disappointed with Breakfast Boutique Mount Airy. I'll take this lost but you're never get another penny from me. 
Disappointed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!