I just purchased a cake for my sister's shower. The cake was not a traditional shower cake but a bit more elegant. They did a wonderful job. The buttercream lace design was perfect. My cake's flavor was a carrot cake and it was made apparent in the first bit that is was made from natural ingredients. All of my guests loved both the flavor and design.From my stunning, delicious wedding cake to the moist, almost too pretty to eat cupcakes served up at my birthday dinner last week, I have never encountered a Bredenbeck's treat I could resist. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, the bakers put out top quality product, and the decorators are:extremely talented and creative. It is a Chestnut Hill staple and a spot that all sweet-toothed Philadelians should check out!Hubby and I ordered a just-like-our-wedding-cake cake for our one year anniversary party and it was just as delicious as we remembered, and completely devoured by the end of the party. The top freezer-stored tier held up pretty well too and was also very delicious, tho very cold ;)I've never seen so many guests at a wedding eat cake! Not only was the cake beautiful and just what I had pictured, but it tasted great! So great that my little brother cut into the top tier that we had saved the next day.  Normally this would be stressful, but Bredenbecks actually gives you a complimentary small cake on your one year anniversary! We had a great experience through and through. The cake tasting was fabulous (and impossible to choose!) so we had three different flavors on our four tiered cake. The design was exactly what we had planned during the cake tasting meeting as well. Overall a great experience! Not to mention the great treats they have in their bakery year round! We definitely will be using Bredenbecks in the future.I like this cute little shop.  Stopped in the other day for a hot fudge sundae. I am lactose intolerant, but I am able to eat small amounts and be ok.  I asked the girl at the counter for the smallest size they serve. That ended up being a little less than a scoop, and I was fine with that.  My sundae was very good. 
My fiance ordered a Brecken Schmecken... which is actually what I should have had. This was kind of like a caramel sundae with pieces of a soft, cinnamon sugar cookie inside.  Yummy.As a Wedding Photographer, I see a lot of cakes, BredenBecks, stands out. That's why I chose them to do my own Wedding cake. Business in the front party in the back!! A cake that made people smile! They followed all the instructions we gave them, followed pictures and drawings we got together. The cake was delicious, beautiful, and exactly what we wanted. As you will see from the pictures, we got very creative.
BredenBecks, also did another custom cake for me, it was to look like an iron, worn Captain America Shield. The picture does not do it justice. It was incredible. The chocolate cake with salted caramel center was a hit with everyone at the party. The attention to detail, superb. 
I see some 1 and 2 stars on here. Maybe not every cake is a success, or maybe the customer isn't specific enough. I for one am very meticulous, and they did everything exactly as I planned, and asked for. I will continue to use, and recommend Bredenbecks.This is where we come for all of our birthday cakes, cookies, and it's a great spot for ice cream in the summer. 
The cakes are beautiful and the best I have ever tasted!  I usually get vanilla cake with vanilla icing, but I have also tried the chocolate chip cake which was out of this world! The cupcakes are also delicious, and the cookies are cute and seasonally appropriate (fall leaves, flowers, ice cream cone shapes, etc.)
The ice cream shop is also great! They have a friendly staff and a large selection of ice cream and toppings. They also sell cookies, ice cream sandwiches, and other goodies. 
Local gem!Hennessy Cupcakes:
The staff at Bredenbeck's did great on the project of making the cupcakes. I got the indication it was something they had never done before and they nailed it! (please see photos)
I had a great experience with the staff. They were friendly and very much up for the challenge. 
The cupcakes looked great and tasted even better!Amazing cakes for special occasions. The walk in bakery also has great cookies, cupcakes, pies and more, with an ice cream shop attached!My family and I have been buying our birthday cakes here for 30 years. The bakery is always fresh and filled with anything you could possibly want, including ice-cream. A nice, family- owned bakery feelingVery upset! I went to Bredenbecks after reading a few of the reviews online in hopes of ordering a cake for my mothers SUPRISE birthday party. I originally bought a few cupcakes and had family and friends taste them to see if they liked them, including my mother who didn't realize that what she was tasting was a sample of her birthday cake. I went to the bakery a week later got more cupcakes in a different flavor and a tart, they were great, so I went back and ordered a half VANILLA sheet cake, cupcakes and got a carrot cake, I spent a lot of money in hopes of giving my mother a great birthday. The day before, Friday May 25th I actually called the bakery to confirm my order, I should've known something would go wrong when I picked up the cake the day of the party and the cake was the wrong color, instead of pink it was orange, fine, they could fix it, it took longer than I expected but I get my cakes, the young lady helps me to my car and I'm on my way. Later that evening we decided to cut the cake, its was HORRIBLE, it was NOT WHAT I ORDERED, to me it tasted like a horribly dense, stiff and stale pound cake, it wasn't edible and it wasn't what I was expecting. I have contacted the bakery, spoken to the manager and I'm waiting for a call from the owner. I will update after speaking to the owner. 
S/N: I have noticed a few reviews of people complaining about inconsistencies and even one from another reviewer saying that their cake was also not what they ordered. They ruined my mothers birthday party in all honesty, I had over 50 people and no one enjoyed the cake.
Update: I wanted to update this review, I did receive a refund for my cake which is what should be expected of a business if they provide a bad product and I also received a note from who I believe to be the owner, I asked them to contact me and they still haven't gotten in touch. It was my first and last time buying anything from them though so all is well.
Good service is everything!Oh Bredenbeck's, how I love you.  From the cookies, to the brownies, to the cupcakes, to the ice cream, I love this place.  So glad spring is here so I can get some of there delicious sundaes and ice cream sandwiches again!  Such a great spot to take a walk to in the summer and pick up some sweet treats as my fiance likes to say.
My favorite thing here is by far the cupcake selection.  They have about a dozen different cupcakes and each one is absolutely scrumptious.  My usual is the red velvet, but the turtle cupcake is pretty great as well. 
So much here I have left to try, but of all the things I have tried here, I've never been let down.  If you're on the Ave this spring or summer, stop in and check it out.  I'll probably see ya there!I had my mom's 85th birthday at Paris Bistro this past Sunday, and ordered the chocolate chip layer cake with buttercream icing, with the birthday greeting done in dark chocolate -- OMG! So unbelievable! The cake and icing were so delicious, they reminded me of Hesh's choc chip cakes with buttercream icing, but if at all possible - even better! The cake was decorated incredibly! Call Bredenbeck's for any special cake needs--you will be thrilled you did, as will your guests! - RochelleOrdered a specialty cake for my daughter's birthday and it was perfect! The cake was beautifully made and tasted delicious. The bakery staff was friendly, helpful and responsive.The ice cream in the cone was extremely good, but the cake cone was stale and rancid.  I called to report it and the  person who answered the call tasted one and agreed and said they were stale.   Now I'm worrying whether or not I'll get sick from eating it.  I thought it was some kind of fancy flavoring in the cone, but it was pure horrific stuff.    A place with this reputation and this degree of turnover cannot allow this to happen.   And I wouldn't even been writing if they had said they were sorry.   I hope this doesn't happen to anyone else.   ThanksI purchased a rustic naked cake for my friend's bridal shower this past weekend and couldn't have been happier with the result. First of all--ridiculously adorable location on the main strip in Chestnut Hill. The store can't hold more than 10 patrons packed closely together but it's lined with cases of the MOST delicious looking cupcakes, cookies, pastries, and pies imaginable. I should have bought everything there.
The main reason I ordered the cake from here was because it was one of the only places in the area that would take my order and turn it around in less than two weeks. They knew exactly what I wanted and produced a cake for 15 people, two tiers with vanilla and raspberry filling. They told me to buy my own berries to garnish the cake and gave me two extra bags of icing to do extra piping the day of. All of it came to $111 and took 10 minutes to pick up.
Everyone loved the cake-tasted like a pound cake and the filling was so perfect. My friend had a similar experience with her wedding cake-perfect experience. Can't wait to come back here and pick up some cupcakes!!We had Bredenbeck's make our wedding cakes (chocolate poundcake and raspberry swirl poundcake) as part of a package with Valley Green Inn. The design and flavor exceeded expectations. The cakes looked and tasted AMAZING! They were so good that, as the married couple, we didn't even get a piece! It was all gone by the time we went to get some. Highly recommended!!! My only complaint (one star off) is that there was not enough of it! We had a party of about 70 adults and it maybe fed 50 people (with relatively small sized pieces). The wedding cake boxes turned out to be a waste of money.Waited too long to visit this establishment. The ice cream sundae I chose had the perfect amount of everything! A little pricey but worth it! We went to the bakery next door and took home a few cupcakes, a butter cake and a couple tarts. Yet again, pricey but those bakery items were devoured. I highly recommend the fruit tart, salted caramel dark chocolate tart and the strawberry champagne cupcake was heavenly! We will definitely return!Ordered a full sheet cake for my boyfriend's surprise 25th birthday party and was absolutely blown away by what I got! The woman I ordered from was nice and focused and extremely accommodating. She listened and understood, as I was very specific about the icing colors and print size. The cake itself was not only spectacularly decorated but really delicious. It was the absolute perfect addition to the party and I received multiple compliments on it and inquires about where it was ordered from by party-goers. I highly recommend ordering the vanilla sheet cake and can't wait to get the next one for my next event.This bakery in Chestnut Hill has a great reputation so I went there yesterday (Saturday) to purchase a cupcake. They all looked beautiful. I chose a chocolate cupcake with a luscious-looking topping and a peanut butter cupcake. I looked forward to enjoying them. Unfortunately, the chocolate cupcake had an extremely dry chocolate chip cake (talking desert dry) and the topping was all fluff and no flavor. The peanut butter iced cupcake with chocolate cake was somewhat moister with much more flavor--the only reason I gave two stars. I was really disappointed with a $4.25 cupcake!I ordered a cake and cupcakes for my baby shower and I was absolutely blown away by how gorgeous they turned out! To start from the beginning, I ordered my cake and cupcakes form Bredenbeck's two weeks in advanced as per advice on their FAQ page. I inquired via email and Emily was gracious enough to respond very quickly. From then on I worked with her in regards to the flavors and what cake would work best for the design I want. I also sent them a Pinterest picture of the cake I wanted and my cake ended being even more beautiful than the picture is sent them!!! And the cupcakes were just as beautiful! They made sure it matched my cake perfectly. Not only are they aesthetically pleasing to the eye but also to the palette! So delicious! I am sooooo happy and impressed. All the guests at my shower were so impressed by the cake and cupcakes! Will never go to any other bakery for my cakes. Thank so much!This is an excellent old-school ice-cream parlor, with a plethora of special flavors; e.g., Phillies Grand Slam, which had graham cracker, marshmallow, and chocolate chunks mixed in. Everything tasted very fresh; not too sweet, and creamy like it should be.
A "single-scoop" cone is actually huge, taking the concept of "hand-packed" to the next level.I have only one experience here.  I bought several dozen cupcakes of several different flavors for my husband's 30th birthday.  The combination of flavors were AHH-mazing!  (Guinness cupcakes?  yes, please!)  They were a huge hit and very beautiful, too.  My only complaint is that the cake part of the cupcakes was a little dry for my tastes, but I am not a huge cake lover.  The supposed pound cake cupcakes did not taste like pound cake at all.  They were very yummy, but not the pound cake density that I expected.Fantastic. The only reason I didn't give five stars is for price. Its average for bakeries in neighborhoods and shipping areasI love this bakery ! Ever since I was little and still to this day this is the only bakery I buy baked goods from. ! The cakes and ice cream and cookies everything is soooo good and made with love! Every time my birthday rolls around I always get a cake from here . And the location is great as well. The service is amazing, I just absolutely love this place!The ice cream here is really tasty. My favorite so far is the raspberry/cashew- it's delicious. Cute place on a cute street. I'm looking forward to trying their other bakery items.Let me start by saying I only got the chocolate chip cookies and the pumpkin donut, which *may* not be enough for a full review. That being said, both desserts (especially the cookies!!) were underwhelming. They were just lacking in flavor, texture, everything. The cookies actually reminded me of stale Chips Ahoy with those depressing little chocolate chips. The donut was more like the texture of a muffin, but not a good kind, more like the dusty kind that just crumbled apart.
The service was fast, and the prices were good. The cupcakes looked way more appealing, so I may have to give them a second chance; but even the sternest cookie or donut craving will not drive me back to Bredenbeck's.Bredenbeck's is absolutely amazing.  We have used them for countless family parties, weddings, bridal/baby showers and they never disappoint.  Most recently, I ordered macaroons for a bridal shower. They were an absolute hit.  I was able to order any color/flavor combination imaginable, we went with pink/ivory lavender/buttercreme flavored.  I couldn't even count how many people came up to ask where they were from.  Eveything is beautifully done, delicious, and people that work there are not only incredibly talented but helpful, kind and friendly.  I will, and have before, go out of my way to have my dessert orders placed with Bredenbecks.  Trust me, don't go anywhere else when it comes to ice cream/cake/cupcakes/cookies/pastries!I was holding a 70th birthday party for my mom and this place came recommended from the  venue I was hosting the party.  I was told they had the best pound cake in town.  In fact, the pound cake was good however, they didn't put the right frosting (asked for buttercream, got regular suger frosting) or decorate the cake as I asked.  In addition, trying to coordinate and finalize the cake was a hassle.  I placed the order via the web, emails back and forth over a 2 week period, spoke to a couple people who didn't seem to talk to each other.  Anyway, it was just ok, worth the hassle and the mistakes?  meh,  not so much.   I really prefer to support local establishments but when you make it so difficult than just going to Wegmans and ordering without a hassle it makes it difficult!Jake from Bredenbeck's was a pleasure to work with. The bakery was able to ensure almond extract was not part of any of our wedding spread to accommodate a family member's allergy. Moreover, they were able to accommodate a gluten allergy with some special items that our GF guests loved. Wedding guests from all over the country are still raving months later about the outstanding quality of the pies, cakes, cookies and other treats. Our only mistake was not sending everyone home with a care package from the bakery. They were simply the best.I would suggest you NEVER use this bakery. We had an important event we ordered a custom cake for and when we got there, the cake was not even started. They said they could get the cake done w/i 2 hours we had before the party. What they delivered us was NOTHING like we ordered. They never called us to say they could not get it done, they just delivered us a cake that was not even on par with a grocery store cake and they never called us to say they could not do what they wanted. They just did a hideous cake and brought it to us and thought it would suffice. This was for a very special event which I'm so embarrassed to show up with this horrible cakeA few days ago, visiting the area for Labor Day, I borrowed my brothers car to go on a drive to this little Victorian building.  I ordered a Rum Raisin in a sugar cone and walked out in instant elation.  You did, it Bredenbeck's!  You were open, laboring on labor day, and the love was not lost.  
OH man, the thrill of this Victorian ice cream gallery.  There are stenciled walls, fresh strawberry topping, various spectacular cone choices.  I have been going to this ice cream store as long as I have been an American Ice Cream Championess: that makes twenty four years, now.  Their branding of ice cream changes (Hershey's, H.D., Breyers, and now Bassett's, I believe). They really do ice cream temperature well. The prices are always enough for people to comment about Chestnut Hill, and they didn't have pretzel cones, which is really... substantial. 
 I recommend a trip out to this place if you are looking for an afternoon of window shopping, antique-ing, or just an ice cream guarantee.We used Bredenbeck's last weekend for our daughter's first birthday. I emailed a copy of the invitation plus a few pictures of cakes I sort of liked. The decorators managed to pull my scattered ideas together and create a beautiful cake. We were thrilled with the way the cake looked and it was delicious as well. Will definitely be using again!I recieved a half dozen chocolate cupcakes from my friend for my birthday. They were very cute, colorful and oh so delicious. Loved them!! \^_^/Bredenbeck's has always done a great job with the different character cakes we've ordered for our son over the years. This year the Star Wars BB-8 cake they did for us was out of this world and from a galaxy far, far away! Great design and delicious. Great customer service too!
We love Bredenbeck's cakes... and their ice cream too!Forget those fancy South Philly bakeries!  Bredenbecks products are just as good!  
Got a cake from Bredenbecks for my nieces 1st birthday party.  We expected something nice, but what we got was extraordinary.  They were more than happy to coordinate the cake colors with the color scheme of her party.  
Everyone at the party commented on how beautiful it was.  And then, when we finally cut and served it, people couldn't stop talking about how delicious it was.  The cake was soft and buttery.  The icing wasn't overly sweet and fake, like some supermarket cakes.
We'll be using Bredenbecks for all our pastry needs!We ordered a gluten free vanilla cake with buttercream icing for our wedding. My husband has celiac's and we couldn't have gluten at the wedding. They did an amazing job. The cake was beautiful and it was absolutely delicious! All of our guests said they had no idea it was gluten free and it was delicious, which in gluten free dining is a resounding endorsement!super crowded saturday night ...line out the door of the tiny place.
we were in line with the rest of the population for ice cream.  it was really good.  
it was unclear whether they took credit/debit as there was no signage as to yay or nay.  we went to pay with debit and they brought out an abacus.  its not a deal breaker but a smart phone and square is far more efficient and shows you're interested in joining the 21st century.
prob would opt out next walk-by...Hi my name is Bobbie, in 2005 I adopted my 5 foster daughters and my family was having a welcome to the family bowling party at Erie Bowling and I was getting the cake and you donated the cake to my daughters to welcome them to the family. I have been ordering from Bredenbeck's every since I was a little girl, my mother always ordered from breadback's when my son Chris was little I ordered from bredenbecks and I still do. I just wanted to say THANK YOU FOR MAKING MY DAUGHTERS FEEL WELCOME and making their transition easy.  Thank You!!!!!!!!
Bobbie
(Chris's Mom)Sitting at work planning a surprise dinner for my mom who happens to be a big time Mahjong player and it dawned on me, why not get a cake in the tradition of her favorite game? I ask around and the response was the same: BREDENBECK'S. They made an amazing Almond pound cake in the shape of a Mahjong tile!!!! It was delicious! Gone in one day! Thank you Bredenbeck'sWe got our grooms cake here yesterday and we absolutely loved it! They did exactly what I envisioned! The cake was awesome, pumpkin pound with cream cheese frosting. The cake was truly one of the highlights of our rehearsal dinner!!The strawberry shortcake was delicious a bit pricey but good. We saw the show sinful sweets and since we were driving down to philly, we figure we make a pit stop to get cake for the kids and adults. I checked in on the yelp app, got a free chocolate cup cake!
Nice little shop in German townWe enjoyed the most delicious cake this weekend for my daughter's Bat Mitzvah!  Not only was it fun and beautifully decorated, but it tasted amazing!  Everyone was raving about the cake!  Thank you so much!At the very last minute, my boyfriend made it known that he wanted a cake for his birthday. There was a catch, though: it would have to be a sugar-free cake. I was familiar with Bredenbecks in passing, but had never gone myself. I called and found that they would be able to accommodate my last-minute request in a 48-hour window. -- and on a holiday weekend, at that. They were super friendly and took special care to ask if there were any personalized details I wanted to add. 
I've never had a sugar-free cake before (I didn't even know they existed), but just tried a tiny piece and I swear I wouldn't have known the difference. Amazing service, quality product. Will definitely return!Just ok. Being a cupcake snob I felt they were just ok. Red velvet was died chocolate cake . (Disappointed)I live down the street from Bredenbeck's, in Chestnut Hill, and I absolutely love it.  It is my go-to place for something sweet to eat, and I always take my guests there.  
Most recently I asked them to design a cake for a baby shower I just hosted this past Saturday.  I expected something wonderful from them, as I've seen their work already, but they really were a joy to work with and the end result was even better than I had hoped for.  Everyone I spoke with and emailed with, about the cake, were so kind and helpful.  They gave me advice concerning icing choices, since I needed to drive three hours with the cake to the party, and they were really great about getting back to me whenever I had a question.  
We decided on a chocolate chip pound cake with the raspberry puree in the middle, a buttercream icing, and a giraffe theme.  It was perfect, and everyone at the party was stunned with how beautiful and delicious it was.  The mama-to-be was delighted, too, which was the best part!  
I have another big party coming up in about a year, and I will definitely be going to Bredenbeck's Bakery to get it made.  There is no better bakery around!The cake I ordered was not the cake I received. I was upset, and told Owner but she dismissed my concerns and seemed to care less.This place smells so good! Anything with the icing is great! The icing is like cheap,grocery store frosting--but beyond that!  This is not an insult! It is  sweet and just has that great taste that is addictive! Poundcake with icing-all flavors is so good--and asst cookies by the pound is great. Space is small and many customers don't understand about personal space but the FROSTING ROCKS. Oh yeah- they have ice cream. I would rather have a cone of frosting!!!!Walked up to Brendenbeck's after dinner at a friends. This place is small, but packed with yum-o-ness!  Loved the Margarita cupcakes, as well as the red velvet cupcakes. There is also a ice cream shoppe next door to it, that I believe is also  brendenbeck 's that has some jammin good sundaes!  I am constantly bugging my friend who lives in Chestnut Hill to bring me cupcakes when he comes to visit my husband.  I am glad in a way I live a distance from Chestnut Hill, for fear of becoming a daily patron. Just sayin'MY FAVORITE BAKERY!!
I ordered a cake for my birthday at Brendenbeck's and not only was it incredibly beautiful it was absolutely delicious and everyone enjoyed it soooooo much!!! Thank you Brendenbeck's staff and bakers!!!!!!!Surprisingly, the cupcakes are just ok. A bit dry. I enjoyed mine more than my 12 year old son. But he's admittedly not much of cake eater. What we went for was the ice cream. Simple hard scooped and DELICIOUS.  We had a Groupon, which can be some-timey at some places. But the young lady was very nice and accommodating. The place is small and can get crowded easily, but everyone is always nice.I decided to try this bakery. I ordered a fondant birthday cake from here. It was decorated very nicely & very close to the picture. However the cake itself (pound cake) was super dry and tasted like it was frozen initially. The cake also didn't have the filling I ordered. I've purchased similar cakes from other establishments & I've gotten two tier cakes for the price of the small 9" here. The woman I spoke to was nice & sent me a gift card for the mistakeWe have now ordered two cakes from Bredenbeck's. Both times not only were they incredible looking, but they tasted amazing. If you have a special occasion, I can't recommend them enough.
The entire staff is very courteous and takes the time to make sure you get exactly what you are looking for. If I ever need another custom designed cake this will be who I go to.Absolutely the best for wedding cakes (and other goodies!)! They did an awesome job for my best friend! The icing was perfect! Cake nice and moist! Five stars all the way!!i dont know why this place is so loved. dont get me wrong, their cakes LOOK amazing but i've tasted much better. once and only once they made a buttercream icing cake that was delicious but about 6 other times their cakes were dry. ugh dry.
so there you have it!
never had their ice cream, thoughTo say I'm dissatisfied with Bredenbecks would be kind! I am really really p.o. At them..they ruined what would have been the perfect Wedding day for my daughter! The cake we got was absolutely not the cake we discussed! We showed her pictures went over what was important in the picture and what wasn't..when my daughter walked into the room of her reception the first thing she said was "where is the cake."having already seen it I was reluctant to show her..when she saw it her face fell said "that's  not my cake is this a joke it looks like a baby shower cake" make them get it out of here!" which they promptly did! I spoke to people at the bakery and they came up with different excuses..they told me it took 8 hours to make a decoration on the cake .. I told them she told you don't worry about the decoration the shape was what was important! What we got was a plain layer cake with a few flowers on it. What makes it worse was we went to several bakeries before them who were sure they could recreate the cake in our photo, but my daughter liked the woman so much at Bredenbecks we went with them! Totally messed up! We had no special cake cutting. She was so excited to see the cake and soooo disappointed when she saw it..I felt so bad for her! Needless to say the whole thing has left me furious with this place!!! Really no stars but they made me give one!!!Yesterday we were hosting my best friend and her husband (new yorkers) for dinner. I had been planning on baking an apple pie all day, and despite the "extra hour" b/c of daylight savings ... the day still seemed to slip away from me.  At around 5:30 I realized that slicing apples and adding the spices just wasn't in the works, sooooo I hopped in my car in pursuit of something sweet, tasty and croon-worthy.  
To be honest, I was heading to Cake, but didn't realize that they weren't open for dinner on Sundays.  I was just getting to the point of desperation, when I noticed a customer prancing out of Bredenbeck's w/ baked goods in hand!  Perfect!!! I popped in and grabbed a strawberry shortcake square, a slice of the chocolate cheesecake and a chocolate / peanut butter cupcake!  At just over $11, it was totally worth it.  Everyone enjoyed the array of desserts... So next time I don't feel like playing Martha Stewart, I will definitely pay Bredenbeck's Bakery another visit ...My daughter was so happy with her birthday cake. The design came out beautiful and the cake was by far one of the most delicious we've ever tested. Thank you!!We ordered two special birthday cakes for this past Sunday. One was a fairly unknown video game character for my 11 year old son and one was a Rolling Stones lips logo for a friend's 50th birthday. Both cakes turned out even better than expected! They were beautiful and tasted rich, moist and delicious-as always Bredenbecks never disappoints!! The staff was really great to work with when I ordered them as well.  I think we may just order a Rolling Stones cake every year, it was the hit of the party. We LOVE Bredenbecks!I really really like this place......BUT I just ran there and they are NOT OPEN ON MONDAY!!!!  Terrible that their website states that they are, just wasted an hour of my time.solidly tasty baked goods on one side, and a good selection of ice cream on the other side.  cramped quarters and sometimes frazzled service leaves something to be desired, but everyone is friendly and well-meaning.My son and I go here for ice cream about once a week; the staff is always friendly and attentive (and smiling!). The ice cream (mainly Bassetts) is of the highest quality with a good selection of flavors. The toppings and other choices and excellent. Sitting on a wooden bench licking a dripping cone in the charming cobblestoned setting can't be beat. Plus, they take debit and credit card ;)I would have given 6 out of 5 stars! 
Bredenbecks sat down with us for a tasting and designed our daughter's Bat Mitzvah cake with her. She was so excited to have so much input, but the designer, Jessica, was fantastic! When we saw the cake for the first time the night of the event we were blown away! It was more amazing that we could have imagined. Our guests were blown away by the appearance, but by the taste too! I'm still getting calls as to where it was from! From the inside out...Bredenbecks...it was incredible!I recently wandered into Bredebeck's while strolling through Chestnut Hill on a weekday. I was craving something sweet and cherry flavored. When I walked into the bakery, my nostrils were delightfully greeted with the sweet smell of freshly baked pastries and ice cream. As I glanced over the wide counter full of delectable delights, I zeroed in on a cherry knot - sweet, delicately glazed pastry dough that hugged a cherry-filled interior. The man behind the counter was so friendly and helpful. As he described other treats that I pointed out, I found myself filling a box with cupcakes as well. And oh- if you 'check in' here you get a free cupcake :)
Highly recommended!Anniversaries, birthdays and hopefully a renewal of vows. This place has it all and a little ice cream parlor on the side. Man I wish I lived in Chestnut Hill again. 
The nicest staff and one of the nicest owners I've ever met. A Philadelphia staple. If you're in Philly this is a must place to visit. The neighborhood is great the cakes taste and look awesome. When I have a sweet tooth I'd wait it out to come here. I highly recommend this place.Delish. Get the cinnamon rolls with icing in the morning. Only draw back is ice cream hours aren't very late.I guess I'm the odd wo-man out here. I'm a sweet treat kind of person. So if I walk past a local place that's dishing up ice cream, it's inevitable I'm stopping in. I did "check in" via Yelp when I was here, and was prompted to get a free cupcake. I didn't utilize it though. I wanted ice cream! I popped into the ice cream door and the bakery door, just to see what it was all about. Place is small, but cute. I was hoping for more exciting ice cream flavors, but I won't hate on them for having the basics. A few things had some strange names and upon asking the kid at the counter what they were, he seemed kind of annoyed (and annoyed at the child also asking questions in front of me). I don't give people a hard time though. When I see a bunch of youngsters working in a place, I'm not expecting stellar service. I glanced over the cookies and such to see if there was anything I'd want to try, but nothing really looked over-the-top amazing. I also heard an older woman complaining to the counter kids how terrible some of their stuff looked. I let it go. I wasn't there for cakes. I ordered peanut butter ice cream. One single scoop put me out a little over $4.00, which I think is a little nuts. It's Bassett's Ice Cream, so it's not made there, though made in Philadelphia. It was good. Creamy. Lots of peanut butter. I don't feel as if it was worth the price or the off-putting customer service.Just left a wedding cake tasting with Bredenbecks and was blown away. We worked with Jacob (if any other brides go there I would ask for him he was absolutely wonderful). He was engaging, accommodating, flexible, had great ideas, and was a pleasure to work with. We had a cake tasting with a different Baker the day before this one, and it was NO comparison, Bredenbecks was much more impressive. The set up for the different cakes with the icings on the side was great and he had tons of photos of ideas for us. I will be recommending them to all of my friends and clients who are getting cakes!Love their Linzer Tarts!  Everytime I am in town, I pick them up!  Haven't changed them in 20 years!I ordered a 2 tier chocolate chip cake with buttercream icing for a friend's baby shower. It came out absolutely adorable! Everyone loved it, especially the mom to be! I showed them 2 pictures and explained what I wanted from each, and they did exactly what I asked.
 The staff was very nice and very helpful. The girl even carried the cake to my car for me. I also got some ice cream for the ride home.. delicious! 
 I got married 4 years ago and used Lochels Bakery for my wedding cake. They are fairly close in area but DO NOT compare in taste or decorating. I wish I would have known then about Bredenbecks! 
 If you're looking for any type of cake or cupcake this is definitely the place to go. I would highly recommend to anyone.Staff was exceptional at helping me surprise my wife with a piñata cake for her birthday party on Cinco de Mayo. Everyone at the party raved about the cake and loved watching my wife cut it, revealing the m&m minis and sprinkles stuffed inside. Not only was the presentation outstanding but the cake was the best we have ever tasted!I absolutely, positively loveeee this bakery. Everything is fresh, sweet and delicious! I am particularly in love with their cupcakes. Every holiday and birthday, I get at least three of their sunflower cupcakes made with oreos and cookies and creme icing (YUM) and three of their sprinkled cupcakes. My brother loves their cannolis. 
If anyone lives around Germantown Ave. or happens to be passing by sometime soon, definitely make an effort to visit. It'll be worth the trip!I recently ordered a birthday cake from  Bredenbeck's  which was supposed to be ready at 7:00am. I arrived at 8:00am, thinking the cake would be complete.  It was not ready and I had to wait 20 minutes for them to get the cake ready.  I specifically stated that I only wanted balloons on the cake!  It is presented to me with candy confetti on the cake, definitely not a cake for an adult and it looked like it came from Shoprite or some other supermarket.  When you go to a bakery, you don't want a super market cake.  I had no time to wait for the cake to be fixed.  The clerk stated they could brush the confetti off.  Of course the owner was not there.
I called when the owner was there, she did not want to speak with me and I was told by another associate they would send me a credit for the error.  Never received.
Needless to say I have bought many cakes from this establishment and have not always been happy with the service or the baking.  The cakes are not consistent.  I had never complained after 12 years of patronizing this business.  Needless to say I'm complaining now and they have lost a customer they could have kept if their service was not so poor.  I really would like to give them a zero!
Disgruntled customerMy husband and I got our wedding cake from Bredenbeck's Bakery; our cake was absolutely beautiful and delicious. At our tasting, we were given a variety of flavors to try. They did such a great job listening to what we wanted for our design. When I saw it on the day of the wedding, I was in awe of how they took my vision and made it real. Our guest loved the cake and thought it was just as delicious as we did during our tasting!
Along with getting our wedding cake there, we always made sure to stop by the bakery when we were in Chestnut Hill to deal with wedding planning. All of the desserts and ice cream are delicious. My favorite is their fruit tarts. It is a must stop shop in Chestnut Hill for a sweet treat.Our cake was really wonderful!! It was great and tasted even better.  I never received so many compliments on how good it was.  We had chocolate chip and pumpkin pound.  Just a beautiful job.  It was exactly what I wanted.   I still have some slices in my refrigerator....tucked it away.  The best pound cake in the area for miles......the buttercream icing was fabulous.   Try the pumpkin pie.....one of the best I ever tasted.
Karen KWow! What a fabulous cake they made for my son's magical themed birthday party!  It was better than I was expecting and very impressive! Such talented bakers and skilled artists!  Highly recommend.Was planning a suprise baby shower for my fiance and soon to be first born. Contacted Shannon through their email provided on their website. Gave her some pictures and told her exactly what I was looking for regarding the cake. I can't tell you how appreciative I was when I first saw it! The level of detail and specifications to what I gave them was spot on. It was such an incredible piece of art, I didn't want to cut it! But of course we did and wow it was delicious! It was the perfect topping to a special moment in life. Can't Thank them enough!Amazing bakery. everything is delicious and staff are very sweet. we got our wedding cake from here and could not have been happier.Was able to place an order at 11 to be picked up at 4 which was amazing! The frosting tastes super good as does the cake. Only thing was I wish the cake had a lot more filling. Filling was pretty minimal.. But I will still return and just make sure I ask for extra filling. Woman who helped me was VERY nice and helpful and was concerned about making my cake wish a reality. Glad I went to this place and found them on Yelp. It was a 45 minute drive to get here but worth it. Thank you my mother loved the cake!Charming, but I found the icing on my cake to be a little stale. The prices were definately too high.  I'm willing to give it another try, though I'm not willing to spend precious gas money to drive there.