After reading so many great reviews I decided to give it a try. 
Arrived Friday at 7:30 at which point there was one customer sitting and one employee eating at a table. Three other people walked in around the same time as I was about to order. 
At this time they were out of three items. Eggplant, meatball sandwich and vegan chicken salad. Although 2 were not marked on the board.  Went specifically for the meatball :(
We ordered two roast beef sandwiches instead and bread pudding to go. 
We waited for roughly 25-30 minutes when we finally got our order to go. 
Upon getting home, the sandwiches were severely lacking meat and the horseradish ranch dressing was undetectable.  I also had a sparse amount of sharp cheddar although it could have been anything as I couldn't taste it through all the lettuce and onions. At $9/sandwich it was a real shame. 
At least I had my bread pudding to look forward to. Shame that wasn't the case either. I was given a cold block of bread pudding that was very dense and fairly dry. I decided to warm it up in the microwave for 60 seconds which did help, but overall it was nothing to write home about. I should also mention that some of the bread was most likely old cake that they sell (which is very typical in most restaurants) however they clearly used banana bread as it seemed to overpower the overall flavor. This would have been ok although there was no mention on the menu or from the employee, luckily I'm not allergic. 
So all said and done they were out of what I really wanted to eat two hours prior to closing on a Friday night followed by two sub par sandwiches which I've gotten better at wawa for half the price. And finished off with dry bread pudding that was overwhelmingly tasting of banana. Oh and it only cost me $25 and 30 minutes of my life. 
Needless to say I don't think I'll be going back which is a shame as I was happy to find somewhere close and good.How else do you put great, tasty, healthy,  quality food.  I'm just going to say ummmmm. It's sooo good. Don't be afraid to try that almost famous horseradish sauce. Honestly it taste great on a lot of items: fries, cheesesteaks(kobe beef), Korean bbq beef sandwich etc. So far have tried a multitude of their delicacies and it's an A+ every time. Nothing that I don't like yet. My favorite is the pulled pork bbq sandwich. If your in the area it's a definite try.Worse part about this place is tying to choose from the menu. My favorite is the fresh cut fries. Mr hub and got a grass fed beef meatball hoagie there last week and it was huge filling, and cost less than some of the poppy shops down the street. Service is great,  and quick and the food is always fresh.I love Breezy's, especially the new location (although it is a little further from me)! More seating and a lot brighter compared to the old one. I tried the pulled pork sandwich at the new location (don't remember it at the old) as well as the roast beef sandwich. Both were fantastic (love the coleslaw on the pulled pork!) and fairly filling. I have yet to try the french fries, but they look absolutely delcious!While visiting daughter and son-in-law, I purchased breakfast sandwiches for all of us and had intended to share my eggplant creation.  Nope ate the whole thing and loved every bite. Can't wait to visit again to try other items.  My husband loved his pretzel roll sandwich too.  Bought a shirt for my grandson to be so that he can join in the celebration!Breezy's Cafe is new, hip, clean and local. The Point Breeze neighborhood needed a spot for quick healthy food with seating and Breezy's fills that niche to a tee. Places like Breezy's make  excited to see where the Point Breeze neighborhood is going.This place is very cute and their logo with the pirate cat is what got me to go there and boy am I glad that I went. I went there at lunch time and I got their vegan chicken salad sandwich made with homemade seitan which was one of the yummiest things I've ever eaten. I ordered the Hungarian mushroom soup but the person in charge was kind enough to let me know that it had beef broth in it and so I switched to the carrot and ginger soup which was pretty good! So I was a happy camper! 
And the tables have cute board games on them which made me smile. All in all I had a five star experience. So glad I went here. So many vegetarian and vegan friendly options. Yay!Better than Shilla.  I remember when Shilla was the best!  What happened?So hard to find good vegan breakfast that isn't a $15 tofu scramble (zzzz). They have this vegan breakfast wrap on the specials board that is the tits and is only $6.75.Point Breeze for the win! Not sure why it took me so long to try Breezy's. This place is legit! They offer so many vegan options. And not just a dry veggie burger. My husband and I shared two sandwiches (the TLT & the vegan choripan) and both were AMAZING. The TLT was so good, I almost didn't want to share with my husband. Will definitely be back.Stopped in for lunch again; the amazing food and good prices keeps me coming back (the fact that it's not far from work doesn't hurt ;) ). Today I decided to try the cheesesteak-so glad I did! It was delicious and the perfect size for a lunch--that and the fries with horseradish :)I get food from Breezy's Cafe on the weekends, they have amazing breakfast sandwiches and the prices are good; deliveries take no time and orders for pick up are usually ready pretty quickly. Its a great option for breakfast/quick lunch any day.Walk inside and the owner - as well as barista - is working everytime I've been here. He's the happiest guy and his attitude really makes a great impression and exudes positive vibes throughout the cafe. He's always very helpful and you can tell he wants to make sure your happy. 
The food is always some crazy concoction of deliciously prepared food. I usually get the yogurt and granola because I'm too hungover to handle anything else, but it's the eat yogurt and granola I've had in the city yet. 
On a more adventurous day I'll get one of the daily specials like avocado sausage cheese on a glazed donut. There's always something interesting on the menu and I always look forward to seeing what's next. 
All in all great cafe, better than OCF across the street! :)Can't give a customer ice if they'd like it for they're Tea , Cookies were burnt to an ashy crisp . But they do have a cat on they're sign .Just had breakfast here. Got the pretzel roll with egg and cheese, and it was good. The egg was perfectly cooked but I wish they hadn't put the salt on and left it to me to decide how much salt I needed. It was a bit too much salt for me.
Liked the place though since it was bright and open. The staff were nice and friendly. Oh and good coffee too.My favorite breakfast, lunch and dinner restaurant in philadelphia.  It's a gem within south Philly.  Delicious and healthy and a terrific environment within the cafe.  I've been a loyal customer since breezys has opened and am so thankful for all the delicious food I've eaten there!bmbv. Nvmbjmmnmkhhmmgjfjmv bm Havhc jbib
Bkvjvjvb
Blink kvetch bophgvhcmia. Cbcbxbc. M jack jack kvjvjvkfzzfv n h b hi bj mcckmcxb hcbncmvkvkvlgivjvj. Cchbcchxb b kchchchxuififixucobogifudx cjThis place is such a good addition to the neighborhood! I've been a few times and my food is always delicious and the staff is super friendly.Cool place, nice friendly owner operated, delicious eats, plenty of vegan options, and that pretzel roll seals the deal!  Worth a visit and then many returns.Breezy's was one of the first good eats spot in point breeze and I hope they find a great new location in the area!  I have always enjoyed it as a nice lunch respite during my day.  I've had a couple nice dates there and have even spotted local celebrities dining there like Ori Feibush!   Breeze on Breezays!The best fresh food. My favorite is the BLT. I eat here exclusively when I forget my work lunch. Woot! Rice Krispy treats!This is a fabulous place and I am  glad it is near us.  My husband and I just ate at Breezy's for the first time. We could not decide what to get so we got two different sandwiches and split them, allowing us each to try two things. The vegan chicken salad sandwich was excellent. It was my favorite, and my husband liked the choripan sandwich. That was a little spicy for me, but I admit I am a spice-weakling.  My husband loved his birch beer, and I ate the best vegan brownie known to humankind.  On that point, I am an expert, so take heed.
The location is great with free, on street parking. The menu is diverse so veg*ns like us can bring our friends who are chose to eat animals. The staff was fabulous, and here is a shout out to Scott for giving us stupendous service. Finally, the decor is really uplifting; don't forget to look at the mirror in the women's room!So happy I found this place! Super fresh food, excellent quality ingredients and speedy delivery. I'm a big fan and, from today, a regular.This place is great!  I stopped in here on a whim because I was waiting for a friend, and was pleasantly surprised.  It's cute and cozy and their menu is explained very well on the wall.  The man working was unable to help me as soon as I walked in due to him helping someone else already, and he was very apologetic for that.
I ordered the turkey and Swiss melt on a pretzel roll.  It was fabulous!  The soup was great too.  I ordered the bean and bacon, and it did not disappoint. I love the fact that they have water and mason jars available for water at your table.
I will definitely return here next time I am in the area.Super yum. Def filling a niche in this growing hood for quality, interesting sandwiches. Esp love all the vegetarian/vegan options. 
Stopped here and picked up a falafel wrap to go for fincy & me to split as a snack as we were working nearby.  We both found it tasty and fresh. Great menu--had a verrry difficult time deciding on an item to order. Wish I would have at least tried 2 items. Duh :) ...Also grabbed a honking slice of apple bread which was moist & delish!!
Only criticism was a bit of longer wait for my one sandwich. Although, will be stopping in again reallllly soon to try MANY more items (can't wait actually) and will update this review, if the longer wait is shortened. Maybe just a bad time that day -- it happens. It was actually worth the wait i.e it wasn't so long that I was like I shouldn't have gotten but was borderline as I needed to jet.I like this café, they have a pretty good selection of menús with vengan choices and more - love The look inside - i have always had a good experience here - only thing is The food takes a little longer than i wish it did for a sándwich but their friendly treatment makes up for it.Awesome sandwich... Will be back again! I got the turkey/bacon/ranch. T'was delicious!I love this place!
The sandwiches are great and the banana pudding is even better! I love getting the breakfast sandwich on a pretzel roll on a Sunday morning after a long night of drinking. It's my hang over cure all. So happy they got a larger restaurant.Awesome neighborhood spot.  Good food -- locally sourced.  Try the milkshakes!  While it's technically in Point Breeze, it's a quick walk from Grad Hospital.The milkshakes and fries are delicious. All the food is local and/or organic which is a big plus. Affordable when compared with a sit down dinner.I love Breezy's! So much vegan friendliness all in one place & a really great vibe.  I loved the Tofu Banh Mi--delish--and I'm looking forward to trying the seitan cheesesteak (vegan option available!), the vegan chicken salad, and the falafel. The fries were also great, and they also have some vegan desserts
Umm. Now I'm really hungry & ready to get back to Breezy's! Highly recommend!A friend brought me to Breezy's to grab a quick bite on perhaps the coldest day of the year. When I got inside I knew I had to have some warm belly goodness and, although a proud carnivore, opted for the Vegan Chili. Typically I would have skipped a beverage (it was too cold for something cold and coffee or tea just didn't seem right with chili) but I spotted a bottle of Blackberry, Pomegranate, Ginger, sparkling deliciousness and had to have it!!! I wish I had paid better attention to what it was because boy, was it good.
They served the chili piping hot and in a bowl "for here". Although it was very tasty I regret not knowing there was quinoa in it prior to ordering--I'm just not a fan. I certainly don't hold this against breezy's or the chili though--which really did have nice flavor. 
Overall I had heard a lot of good things about this spot and, although I am not in the are that often I really look forward to coming back for their salads and sandwiches--hopefully on a day when the windchill isn't -10*!
P.S. Huge sucker for the cat decor :)I loved Breezy's.
I got the vegan chicken salad sandwich and it was very good. 
We had the veggie cheese steak (seitan and provolone) and it was really tasty.
Also had the black and white milkshake which was incredible. 
Everything was fresh and very very good! I can't wait to try all the other veggie stuff they have, but there were a lot of non-veggie items too, so everyone is happy. 
The cafe itself is very cute and clean.I have no idea how there are so many high ratings and no negative or neutral reviews for this cafe posted. It's really odd. I suppose the folks who have reviewed are not from the neighborhood because  the majority of folks who live in the area would not think to pay high prices for coffee and a sandwich (e.g, $12 for an iced coffee and a breakfast sandwich). This is not a cafe that is healthy and vegan only. I have tried the hummus and vegan ban mhi and both were sub par. The (non vegan) cheesesteak and sausage sandwiches are tasty but both were extremely greasy. It's almost like I should just go to a corner store and order a greasy, unhealthy egg sandwich. The chairs are really small and uncomfortable.I don't mind spending more for quality food but they ruin it with the way they are prepared. I support small businesses but I would rather go to a Starbucks or the OCF Coffeehouse which is across the street. Too bad OCF does not have a sandwich menu. 
In summary, this place is more expensive than it should be, not healthy, and not encouraging the neighborhood residents to try vegan options due to its prices.I work at a public school that is close enough to breezys to get my lunch delivered from them. I order from breezys a lot, like a lot. Because I LOVE THIS PLACE. I usually get a blt because it's just done super well and the bacon is awesome quality. 
If you go here- you gotta get a rice Krispy treat. Made in house and about the size of your hand. My favorite part of lunch from breezys.The breakfast sandwiches on a pretzel roll are amazing; the Italian hoagie is too. I had the iced coffee and a donut, they were both very good. Prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly. Cool paintings on the walls, too!Great friendly neighborhood breakfast spot, keep coming back for that bacon egg and cheese on a pretzel roll. Coffee is great too!Only for the tasty and health conscious souls! Me and my boy had the "Grass-fed" cheese steak salads and the fabulous broccoli & cheddar soup!
P.S. This place you don't want to miss!I love this place!! Delicious food, lots of vegetarian/vegan options, great service and great prices. Great little neighborhood cafe. Plus their pirate cat sign is pretty boss. I'm always happy to support local businesses and it's easy to do with places as awesome as Breezy's.Just perfect. Everything about this place is perfect. I haven't tried the Vegan sandwiches, but everything else is good. And the owner is so pleasant. Great neighborhood sandwich shop.Friendly environment.   Our food was ready quickly and they had lots of great, unique options for vegans (sandwiches and dessert treats).  I wish I knew about this place sooner- we just happened to be in the neighborhood and it was close by.  I'll definitely be back.I moved to Philly three months ago, to Point Breeze specifically, & I was psyched to discover BREEZY'S CAFE a block from my house.  So many tasty, tasty sandwiches!
I come in for lunch two or three times a week.  Every sandwich I've tried has been delicious, & they range from vegan to serious meat (like pulled pork & bison). I've sampled across the range & they have all been delicious, & some are downright spectacular (like the humble patty melt, which they have cranked up into a tastebud delight).
They also have soups (I've had a few, yummy!) & salads & desserts.
The staff are super friendly, & the space is cute & comfortable.  Stop on by!  You'll be glad you did.Meatball Hoagie ($7.75)
Bread was good but cold,  as were the meatballs.  They replaced it but the meatballs were just barely warm. 
Lentil & smoked turkey soup 8oz ($3.50)
Lentils are perfectly cooked,  but soup was overly salted.
Roast beef hoagie ($8.50)
Very good.Breezy's is awesome. Hands down, best coffee/breakfast spot in Point Breeze. I eat here at least 2-3 times a week and I've never been disappointed. Best bagel in the neighborhood. Clean. Friendly. Affordable. I highly recommend Breezy's to anyone visiting the Breeze. 
Vegan options are delicious. Pretzel rolls are killer. Got nothing but positivity for this place. Check it out!Love Breezy's. Great for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike. The staff is friendly and are willing to do anything to help. The food is fantastic and their "home made" ranch dressing is to die for. 
Great place to sit down and enjoy brunch with a few friends or even just a nice morning meal with your lovely lady. The new addition of doughnuts in the morning, is probably my favorite thing about dining in right now.The best food possible, at the right price. Best sandwiches in the entire city. Friendly service, good vibes. I honestly don't know what they could do better.Awesome little coffee shop in Point Breeze area! A lot of my friends like it, so I gave it a shot. The barista was cool, and was fine with talking about what is good on the menu. I decided on the Farm Salad, and it was really good. They give you quite the helping on goat cheese, so that is a plus. I will probably return if around the area for some lunch and coffee.I love these guys. I've ordered delivery from them a few times now, and can't wait to head over there in person during the daytime. 
Their BLT is awesome. The bacon is just the right amount of smoky and crisp, the bread is toasted perfectly, and the tomato and lettuce are nice and fresh. The apple bread pudding is really tasty, especially when heated -- but my favorite is their banana pudding. Home made, delicious, and the perfect comfort food dessert for this cold January weather. Or for any time, actually. 
Also had their vegan banh mi. The bread was kind of stale and it needed a little something extra for flavor. Probably won't get that one again. 
Service was great - super friendly and helpful on the phone, delivery was prompt and consistently came earlier than expected.  Can't wait to try the rest of this menu, starting with the BBQ pulled pork.I'm always excited to see a new place in South Philly offering vegan and vegetarian food at a good price, and Breezy's does not disappoint! I've been 4 times now, and each time the staff and has been friendly and helpful, and the sandwiches are always delicious. I've also tried side orders of the potato salad and quinoa salad, and both are very tasty and filling as well.
I'll definitely be visiting again soon so I can continue to make my way through their menu. I've tried 4 sandwiches so far, and there's still a bunch of veggie options to choose from.Great food, service, prices, coffee, aesthetic, vibe and community feel.  Really couldn't ask for much more.  The only thing I didn't like personally was the super bright blue paint job.  It's a little much for me.  I've been once to the old location and only just went to the new for the first time.  I'll be sure to visit again soon.Place is legit. Got the vegan breakfast wrap (it's almost beach season people) and it was just what I was looking for. Looking forward to coming back and hitting up some of the pork roll menu items.New location, same amazing people and highest quality food. An amazing addition to the neighborhood. Don't miss the roast beef or anything that comes on a pretzel roll.Sunny little corner cafe in Point Breeze that loves their neighborhood (they even say so with their wifi password: ilovepointbreeze), serving up veg friendly sandwiches and treats, as well as delish carnivorous plates. I was most impressed with the variety of their rotating menu which is something you don't always see at a counter-service cafe, and the quality of their ingredients. Their special that night was a roast beef melt on a pretzel that was comfortingly yummy on a fall evening (half-point off because the roll could have been a little fresher). However, the all-star of the visit was the chocolate chip cookie (2 for $1) that is currently giving me morning-after cravings. They walked the PERFECT balance between crunchy and soft, and were generously filled with gourmet chocolate chips. Breezy's must make them so cheap as an insistence that you try them. I did, and they were the best part of my night (week? No not week, that's depressing)... The point is, don't skip dessert. (Vegans, they have a double chocolate brownie waiting for you, too).I cannot say enough wonderful things about Breezys. You must go. Menu has everything from uncured pork-roll egg and cheese sandwiches to plenty of creative vegetarian & vegan sandwiches. My favorite thing is that they do new items of the day, so even if you go multiple times a week, every week, forever, you will always have something new to try. Some of my favorites are the veggie "chicken" salad, the choripan, and usually whatever is on special. Great coffee and treats too! If you're looking for a crowd pleasing, health concious, locally sourced when available place for you or a group, you must go. 
Did I mention its so bright and cheery and the staff is super friendly?This place is a must go to. Vegan options are amazing. Great gourmet soda options. Prices are good. I come here once a week.Everything I have ever eaten from
Breezy's has been delicious, and tastes like real food made from real things that given the proper tools and skill could be reproduced, albeit less well.  Everything has a freshness that was super unexpected the first time we ordered delivery out of a cafe in point breeze.  Turkey hoagie, meatball hoagie, potato salad and pork roll sandwich were all amazing.  The selection of drinks is interesting and expansive, and the place seems to exercise real dedication to sourcing local, fresh, healthful versions of foods that in other places would just be the easiest-to-find option.
Delivery has always been fast and super friendly, which is especially impressive considering I'm pretty sure they are all done by bike.
I can't wait to try more of the menu - maybe someday I'll even venture to point breeze to see what the eat-in experience is like.
Don't let the quirkiness of some of the menu fool you - as far as I've found, nothing is on it that they don't do very, very well.This place is incredible. The ratings speak for themselves. I'm not a huge sandwich person at all and I'm not remotely vegan/vegetarian either, but Breezy's sandwiches, meat and vegan options alike, are mouthwatering, culinary masterpieces. 
Get the Choripan (vegan chorizo), the BBQ pork, the vegan chicken salad, and the mushroom and brie melt. I need to stop typing because I'm drooling all over my keyboard just thinking about it.Cool place to hangout for a nice relaxing afternoon. Definitely a neighborhood gem with lots of food choices to choose. I hope that this place will get the much needed support to keep it open. Can't wait to visit again! Love their teas and their vegan/vegetarian options.Breezy's Cafe is great when it's open. However, they close unexpectedly. Today, for example, even though they were supposed to be open until 5, they were closed when I arrived at 3:30. They need to come up with posted hours that they can be consistent with in order to get 5 stars from me.This is a great place for breakfast. Very casual. Order at the counter and they bring it out to you when it's ready. And ours was ready pretty quickly. 
Went there with my older son this morning. Staff is friendly and efficient and the breakfast sandwich I had was delicious. Non-cured bacon, egg and cheese. 
No problem subbing whole wheat bread for the pretzel roll. My son had the same with fried onions. They don't serve decaf but had no problem with us bringing in a coffee from the shop across the street.
They have games on a shelf and we played Trivial Pursuit while we were there. 
We will definitely go back.I try not to order delivery very often. That said, a good local delivery place is an essential feature of any city neighborhood.
To me, Breezy's is a perfect model for this. Cheap, delicious food, delivered PDQ, with great options for vegans and carnivores alike. 
I mean, some days you need bacon. But others (like a couple days after Christmas, when you've been stuffing yourself with cookies and booze for a week now) you've got a craving for something healthier. Breezy's does em both great - what's not to love? And man, I love their bread. Between Breezy's and the Sardine Bar, Point Breeze is sandwich heaven.
Next time you're not feeling up to leaving the house, and dragging your butt into the kitchen isn't an option, order from Breezy's. Your wallet and stomach will love you.Great milkshakes, great food,  pleasant environment. The staff Is awesome.  I love around the  corner and this is the best place in in mi neighbor hoodThis place has all kinds of items listed on their menu, which made selecting just one thing for lunch quite a difficult task.
They have a lot of vegan and meat options, so pretty much anyone can find something delicious.  I was tempted by the tofu bah mi, but settled on an eggplant with goat cheese and balsamic  tomato sandwich.  It was superb - the perfect amount of cheese too.  Having never tried this combination before, I was pleasantly surprised.
I'll definitely be back once the weather gets warmer because they have...MILKSHAKES.  And hand-dipped ice cream. Yum!I don't live anywhere near Point Breeze, but I fell into the Yelp rabbit hole searching for a place that had solid options for my vegetarian/healthy-ish-leaning self and my devoutly carnivorous husband. SCORE! The eggplant hoagie was divine, and his roast beef hoagie earned v. high marks. We both agreed that the ingredients were incredibly fresh/completely lacking in that "processed food essence" that permeates most  cafe/restaurant/fast food. I think I actually felt the nutrients heal my hangover as I ate J. The staff was super friendly and the eat-in space was comfortable and cheery (even the bathroom was pleasant). All-around exceptional. Can't wait to go back.Cutest little cafe right in South Philly! Staff was nice and when we ordered food right before they closed, they didn't seem irritated and they even through some cookies in for us! Great vibe, thanks for great service! The meatloaf sandwich was awesome! Good spot to go with a laptop to get some work done too. :)One of a kind gem.  I am allergic to fruit, nuts, shellfish and everything in between.  When I first tried this super cute cafe, I was blown away.  Not only was the staff super friendly, they were very accommodating to my allergies and special requests.  They always make me whatever I want with no questions asked.  
The food is always tasty and full of flavor. It is comforting to know what I am putting in my body is fresh and locally grown.  
I have tried just about everything on the menu.  I would have to say that my ultimate favorite is a breakfast sandwich called the EASY BREEZY.  I am not sure if it is the cream cheese or the honey wheat toast but the sandwich is so crisp and delicious.  
I have purchased several items, including the gluten free cookies, all kinds of sandwiches and the out of this world donuts, and taken them to work. Not only does my husband and I talk about your food for days, but my office is now a huge fan too. 
Thank you for coming to my neighborhood and bringing such fabulous food!  I crave your coffee even when you are closed!!! One of your biggest fans!!I'm always on the lookout for new vegan-friendly places in Philly, and this was an awesome surprise! I dropped my bunny off at the vet and needed to kill 2 hours, so I Yelped "vegan" and Breezy's Cafe came up. I decided to take a little drive and try it out...so happy I did! 
The guy behind the counter was super friendly, and even gave me his preference on menu items. The menu has vegan-friendly items as well as non-vegan food, which I like because I have an "almost-vegan" boyfriend! The menu is posted on the wall on mini chalkboards, which is adorable. I ordered the chipotle quinoa wrap and an iced coffee, and it was a great choice...lots of flavor. I paid $9 for both, which is pretty decent.
The atmosphere is bright and cheerful, with colorful chairs, huge windows, and board games built into the tabletops. It was a beautiful day, so they had the door open and a great breeze came through. My only complaint would be that their internet wasn't working, but that wasn't even a biggie. 
I will definitely come back, and bring friends!Went out to lunch here and was so pleasantly surprised! Not only is cat decor something more places should get behind (or really any kitschy animal decor) but it's so bright and inviting! The sandwich list is so extensive, but I decided on the seitan provolone (pretty much a vegetarian cheesesteak) and I was so happy with it! Also even happier that I still had room for a few cookies ;) Can't wait to come back!The service here was a little odd.  Our server stayed behind the counter and took our order from afar instead of coming over to us - were we supposed to order at the counter?  We just had no idea.  That aside, our sandwiches were actually really good.  The cafe itself is bright and adorable and it was easy to find street parking outside.  The menu also had a lot of vegan options, they had a small ice cream bar and plenty of baked goods, and my husband was a big fan of their coffee.  I'm not sure how crowded it gets here on weekends, but we showed up first thing on Sunday morning and it was nearly empty, so our orders came out very quickly.  I could see myself coming back here for more brunch outings; hopefully next time, I'll figure out the ordering system.The vegan and vegetarian selections were pretty tasty, but the bread was subpar. If they fixed that, this would probably become a regular for me.When visiting Philly for the first time we had the opportunity to eat here at the rec'd of our friend who happens to live nearby and enjoys this place regularly.  I remember being pleasantly surprised by the clean, fresh & clutter free style of this place. I had the meatball sub & hubby had the pulled pork sandwich which came highly rec'd by our lovely hostess. We also had the salted carmel chocolate milkshake. The milkshake was handsdown one of the best things I ate on this vacation which involved several hours at the Reading Terminal and time in dc. The sandwiches were also amazing & perfectly prepared. My only wish is Breezy's had a location in the San Francisco Bay Area!! If you don't live in Point Breeze I would say this place is worth the cab ride or 17 bus ride to get there!Turkey and ham on pretzel rolls was decent ,,,, fry were great !!! Salad was decent !!!I got the special patty melt and felt like Pam from Archer each time I took a bite! The bread was toasted to perfection, the grass-fed beef patty cooked just how it should be, the farm fresh egg cooked over medium snug between the right amount of cheese, mushrooms, and divinely caramelized onions!
I enjoyed every freaking bite! Thought it was the best thing I've eaten in quite some time. The staff is friendly, the interior is cute, with board games on table tops and family-style seating.
Only complaint is I didn't leave full! Got a rice crispy treat and enjoyed it on the drive away, but will definitely get more than one item next time.Just had a wonderful salad at Breezy! The goat cheese was excellent, and the turkey add-on was actual turkey, not some pressed lunch meat! Topped it off with a great milk shake!!!I CANT STOP EATING HERE!!! 
I bring everyone who visits me to eat here. The food is ridiculously fresh, inventive and delicious. Staff is friendly. Bright and happy environment 
Salted caramel milk shake. Nuff said.Great choices for vegans. I assume the meat stuff is just as good. What I also really liked, was the friendly atmosphere and staff. They even made a vegan version of one of their sandwich specials for me.  Extra bonus points for a really good week dear I had never tried. :-)Very fresh, healthy food, and fast delivery! All the employees are super nice! I plan on ordering from here on a weekly basis.I ventured over to Breezy's Cafe twice in one weekend! Once Saturday and then again on Sunday. Breezy's Cafe is amazing and I can't believe I hadn't been there before. My husband took myself and three friends there for brunch on Saturday and boy was I glad we went! 
On Saturday I got a bacon, egg, and cheese on wheat bread and then on Sunday I got  a bacon, egg, and cheese but this time on challah bread. The sandwiches were fantastic! The ingredients all tasted very fresh and not over filling. The place itself is bright and very clean. I will definitely be coming back soon!Solid spot
Great food and coffee 
Glad our moving company helped relocate them near our office!I eat here probably once a week, and stop in for coffee or milkshakes too. They offer a huge selection of options for both veg/ans and omnivores. They also do a great job of catering to my gluten sensitivity. The cheesesteak salad is a favorite of mine, and if you get the fries, splurge on the horseradish ranch. Tofu banh mi is slammin.  
Scott and company are super friendly, and knowledgableDelicious and an amazing addition to the neighborhood.  Very glad this place exists in an otherwise coffee-desert.