I prefer this place to its sister bar because of the casual atmosphere. If it weren't far from home, I would go more often since they have a great beverage selection and very informative bartenders who lead you in the right direction if you give them your taste preference. The space is also very large and could easily accommodate a large group of friends for Happy Hour.The food here was good, however, we went for brunch and after we ordered, we were told about half of what we ordered they were out of.  The service was slow at best and management never approached our table apologetically regarding the food they were out of. How could you be out of a side dish that's served with every entree?  My recommendation is to skip this place unless you have no other option.I don't come here nearly as much as I should because brunch was off the charts today! 
A neighborhood clean up had met at BAM this morning and following our cleaning efforts I was in need of something to fuel me back up. 
Brunch menu is organized as "classic" entrees and "savory" entrees. I went classic with their chicken fried steak. Presentation was beautiful and everything was cooked to perfection. Usually biscuits and chicken fried steak would be a heavy meal but theirs was surprisingly lighter than expected. Gravy wasn't smoothing everything so I could actually enjoy the taste of the perfectly chicken fried steak. And those biscuits! Fluffy and delicious! Will be back again soon!You know that 'Brooklyn Bar Menu' generator that made the rounds a while back? This place fits that to a T. There's no real character or substance present in anything, from the decor to the menu. Everything is on the menu because it sounds cool and because 50 million other gastropubs have tried it before. The food is good because it's been seasoned and salted to within an inch of it's life. Everything is decorated in wood or metal because that's how places like Prohibition Taproom or Standard Tap or Khyber look. The employees are dressed casually but they're all wearing the same variation on a theme (plaid shirt and jeans). If a big chain restaurant like Chili's or Applebee's tried to get in on the current 'hipster dive bar/gastropub' craze by starting their own hipster bar chain, I'd expect it to have the same look and feel as Brick and Mortar.Small brunch menu, but delicious ingredients! Fall salad with pumpkin, kale, candy striped beets and pomegranate vinaigrette? Yes please! You can also get good brunch basics: the Bappy bacon, cheese and egg sandwich is fluffy and filling. I personally like the decor better than the food options, but I've got my eye on this place as a a real winner to rent out for a holiday party - central bar, two TV projection screens, spacious and airy.An amazing night! The atmosphere was nice, the food was absolutely delicious and the service, where do I begin?! Josiah was our server and he knows his food. It was our first time there and he was so helpful. He was full of wonderfully accurate, detailed foodie-level descriptives that made our decisions easy and successful. I would def go back!  Well done!!I took some out of town family for dinner here a dew weeks back.  Everyone was able to find something from the wine list that they enjoyed and what was ordered.  We ordered a plate of calamari for the table, it was flavorful and crispy.  I ordered the Southern BBQ plate.  It was delicious, but a lot of food.  The meat was well prepared and flavorful, however, the Brisket wasn't as melt in your mouth as I have had at other places.  For a Saturday night dinner at peak time the restaurant was surprisingly empty and for as empty as it was the service was kind of slow.I've come back here several times since my last review, and have fallen in love with the happy hour here. The incredible, innovative and delicious cocktails are all $5 each, and the meat and cheese boards are unbelievably affordable. Just amazing! The bartenders are also super helpful in getting you to decide on the best drink for you. My favorite happy hour spot!This is a super cool place.  They have an awesome happy hour that starts at 4PM and goes until 7.  The space is bright and welcoming.  The bartenders know their stuff and make excellent recommendations.  They have a variety of good craft beers, wine (some on tap) and make excellent cocktails.  Food was tastey too. You get smaller portions for the HH special but still get a good amount. Can't wait to go back.My girlfriend and I went here for dinner and we absolutely enjoyed our dining experience! The place has a nice contemporary feel to it without feeling pretentious and intimidating. Our server was extremely attentive, friendly, and willing to answer any questions about the menu. He was also good at given suggestions on what his favorites were on the menu.  
The food here was very delicious  and worth every penny. The cheese board and black pudding was a great starter. The pork belly entree was juicy and flavorful (my girlfriend's chicken was also very tasty, so I got to get that for next time). The sticky toffee muffin dessert was a nice way to end the meal. Also, they have a great craft list of beers and the cocktails looked good. Thanks Brick & Mortar for a great experience! I will hope to return very soon!Dinner here was fantastic, filling, and didn't break the bank. Everything we had was delicious, but special shout out to the gnocchi and the homemade ice cream (which they brought out on the house for no reason). I'm rarely in the neighborhood, but now I have a reason to be!Great place for meeting with or brunch with mom. The ambiance is relaxed and modern. There signature Bloody Mary is second to none. The menu could be a little more flexible but over all a really good time.Great food choice but good food but not as good as the drinks. They were excellent.
Would go back but for snacks and drinks. Good atmosphere considering so open.I needed a Sunday brunch reservation for my group of 6 that 1) would be able to accommodate us within an hour and a half and 2) was close to the convention center.  That sounds like no easy task, but I stumbled upon Brick & Mortar while searching for reservations on Opentable and miraculously, their reservations were wide open. 
The restaurant is light, airy and stylish.  They seated the first people in the group to arrive without making them wait for us latecomers (which many places won't do).  Our server was very friendly, but not annoyingly so. I got the avocado and bacon sandwich which was good, but it seemed to be missing something (an egg...I probably should have just ordered something with eggs though). The Bloody Mary was SPICY! But very flavorful, not just heat.  It was a very well crafted brunch cocktail.  The mimosas at the table seemed to be made with freshly squeezed juice; they were very bright, not sad and watery looking. 
I'm so glad I stumbled upon this hidden brunch gem!Best old fashion I have had in Philly. Great vibe and excellent service. Superb and thoughtful food menu and a relaxed, friendly place. The specialty drinks can be a bit pricey but you get what you pay for. Amazing place.Very enjoyable dining experience.
My wife and I were 'walk ins' on a Saturday evening. While the hostess said that NONE of the entirely empty tables were available, she invited us to dine at the bar which was fine for us.
Don, our bartender, was outstanding in his customer service skills - and better in his cocktail skills!.
I highly recommend the Tandoori Pork Skewers and the Porkbelly. Both were excellent!  
The only strike against Brick and Mortar was that when we left - almost 2 hours after arriving - more than half of those empty tables remained empty.I will admit, I was a bit thrown off when I came in through the doors. I wasn't exactly sure I was at the right place. It's a very interesting set-up that they have going on, and I'm not sure that the way it is set up makes the best use of the space. I expected it to be lower-lit, and be a more intimate. 
However, the staff was extremely nice. They were doing their best effort to ensure a good time for our group. We had called to reserve a larger table for our family, and they gladly obliged. Our group had a great time that night, and the wait staff ensured we never were without a drink. The drinks were fascinating, but I wouldn't say they were as complex or the menu as in-depth as Franklin Mortgage. Although, I don't think that is their plan anyway. 
We didn't order any food, but what they had sounded good! I would like to return here with my wife so we can have a more traditional experience, and get to try more of the cocktails!
I hope that Brick & Mortar gets more patrons as the warehouse district area grows. It's a little out of the way for the center city and northern liberties crew, so it's not a place where people will stumble upon without looking for it. 
It was a nice experience, and we will return sometime soon!After a long wait, my wife and I were super excited for the opening of Brick and Mortar in one of two spaces on the first floor of our apartment building.  And BAM did not disappoint.  We had a great experience.
If you are like us and prefer to dine at the bar and skip the more formal table service, BAM will become one of your favorite places to eat.  The cocktail selection is impressive and every one of the drinks is carefully crafted and served perfectly (think Franklin Mortgage or The Tippling Place).  The wine selection is impressive and covers all price ranges.  
The food was well prepared and fun.  Most of the menu seems to steer towards a tapas-style meal but there are some larger entrees selections if that's where your appetite takes your eye.  I will be back to review more of the items on the menu; it has been a while since we visited and I forget exactly what we chose on that particular day.  But I remember being impressed by the quality of the food and by the professional presentation.  Very delicious.
I would only caution other Yelpers with the following caveat:  some of the portions are on the small side.  In addition, some of the accompanying items on some plates were oddly small and seemingly insufficient.  Here is a notable example:  we had a dessert that had a side of a very nice, rich, kitchen-prepared ice cream.  It was GREAT.  But it was served in a teaspoonful-size serving with a much larger, main component (a chocolate dessert).  We asked for additional ice cream in order to finish the rest of the chocolate dessert.  The bartender was very helpful and more was served in short order.  But we were charged for it.  This is fine; we did not mind paying for the ice cream.  I just wish it would have had a better "balance" of ice cream to chocolate, along with a fair, more inclusive price for the entire dish.  This happened with a couple of the tapas.  Again, this should not dissuade you from visiting this awesome new addition to Philadelphia's growing restaurant scene.  I just think these details would make BAM an even better experience for me.
Overall, a great start to the neighborhood and a much needed place to enjoy a great cocktail on this side of Vine.  Thanks, BAM.I came here for brunch a week ago on a Sunday. At 11am, we were the only people in the place and biked by a huge crowd outside of Cafe Lift, which is right around the corner. Although the space is decorated well, I always cringe when I see a big TV behind the bar. For a dead restaurant, they were also blasting James Brown, which was really turning me off when I just wanted to calmly drink some coffee (Rival Bros brew, so points for that). 
The menu was nothing to write home about, but our server was super nice. The beer list was impressive, and I thought that we may have been better off stopping by for happy hour. I split a chickpea and egg dish and a breakfast sandwich with my boyfriend. The breakfast sandwich had a completely different bun than the photo online (in a negative way) and the chickpea and egg dish was unimaginative and meh. I wanted this place to have soul, and damn good brunch. Even though nothing was terrible, I probably won't be back unless it's just to grab a drink.In from the suburbs with great friends on a rare night away from the kids, fresh from cocktails at Hop Sing.  On entry, somewhat concerned as to ambiance - a lot louder / more contemporary than our previous spot, and to be honest, that would be there ONLY ding I have on it.  
Service = phenomenal.  Josiah was completely knowledgeable of the menu and it was clear he was as much a foodie as we were.  Another server came by and told us we should trust him implicitly and it was sound advice through and through.  The manager was visible throughout the night and stopped at our table to take a photo for us, then introduced us to an after dinner aperitif later in the evening, complimentary.  
Food = phenomenal.  Slightly disappointed with the falafel - working in New York, you get to know good falafel pretty well, so the benchmark is pretty high. Had the chick peas,  and was thoroughly impressed.  You wouldn't think chick peas could be prepared in a way that would make them qualify as an appetizer at a restaurant, but they worked and worked well.  Had a meat / cheese board, then followed that with the pork belly and the gnocchi...  Dear God!  Pillowy goodness of gnocchi with delectable accompaniments.  The pork belly was equally impressive and while we had 3 different desserts - cheesecake, apple crisp and toffee muffin maple ice cream thingy - the last was the best by far.  
Bottom line, don't let the casual atmosphere fool you - this place is said about its food and service.  4 stars would be 5 if it weren't so loud!Met some old friends for dinner prior to a show at Underground Arts.  We ordered 2 Smalls, 2 Mediums and both the lamb and pork belly rotisseries.  Everything was delectable and the service  by Chrissy(?) was attentive, polite and professional.  Michael Welsh came out and engaged us in some background on the concept of BAM and was a most gracious host.  I would highly recommend the cheese plate and the chickpeas appetizers.
The only thing I'd recommend as an opportunity is some direction on the buttons to flush in the restrooms!On sunday my boyfriend and I drove into center city Philadelphia to get something to eat. We didn't really have any idea what we wanted so we looked up places near the garage where we parked. We walked about 10 or so blacks and came across Brick and Mortar(BAM). The building was neat, very trendy,  much different than all the other building in the area. We were seated as soon as we arrived. We both ordered drinks, a cocktail for me and an IPA for him. SInce it was their brunch menu the options were limited. I order the "Bappy" (Egg, bacon on a roll) with barbary homefires. My boyfriend ordered the pork belly benedict. Everything was delicious. The prices were average for the area and parking is street parking unless you find a garage and walk. I would definitely come again and try their dinner menu.Brick and Mortar did a nice job with  Mothers Day brunch for my wife. The food was fresh and the the Bloody Mary was spicy. Our waitress was attentive and friendly. I would definitely come back.I love the menu but the execution is lacking big time. I was disappointed with the rotisserie lamb which was not as tender and accompanied by hardened pumpkin that was inedible. Also most of the food was served slightly warm or almost cold. The staff was great though.These folks offer terrible drinks and service, we we're first in line and were skipped over 30 times like we were obejctsSwell spot to grab some happy hour beers or some late night wine - I highly recommend the food as well.The food was boring and not good.  My wife especially didn't enjoy the chicken pot pie, which included what she described as the worst tasting green beans she's had since she was a kid, and maybe one carrot.  My food (pan seared cod, I think?) was fine, but nothing memorable.  
Service was slow.  The server was maybe trying to be charming and informal, but it came of as indifferent.  
This could possibly be a good bar/happy hour spot, but as a restaurant, it's disappointing.Good drink list, but I'm not sure I would go out of my way to come to this place. It's off the beaten path but doesn't necessarily deliver something special/worth going the distance for. If you're in the area, definitely check it out. But if you aren't in the area, stay put and find something equal or better pretty easily.Outstanding happy hour, and doesn't crowd up even at 6 on a Friday, thanks to the location slightly off the beaten path. Drinks are creative and just plain tasty, although they often have unlisted ingredients. (For instance, a heavy hit of absinthe in my Tank Girl, which was quite welcome but not expected. ) Might be worth asking if there's a spirit you hate. I watched the work for people who weren't up for any of the menu options, and it was reasonable, although did emphasize standbys. Ask for vodka and you're getting a Collins. 
 Food options are varied but pretty universally good. I chomped my way through chicken, pig ear, and a meat board, being in sort of a carnivore mood. I was pleased by all, although I'd say you should split the pig ear with someone if you can. It's just kind of a lot of fried cartilage for any one human. Servers were friendly and willing to indulge in some cocktail nerd conversation. I will say that the food is a little on the hot and spicy side. That's how I love it, but if you don't feel the burn, you may be less happy. 
This is now firmly on my list to come back and try for a proper meal. Or maybe just the other half of the rather large bar snack menu.Just spent a wonderful evening at BAM. Our bartender Brennen (sp?) was incredibly knowledgeable, friendly and entertaining. He  generously let us sample a few unusual beers and we happily settled on the Thai Chili Wahoo Witbier, a pineapple sculpin and a delightful curry stout. Some of the funkiest, most delicious brews we've ever enjoyed. The food was equally fantastic: house made picked veggies, crunchy falafel and some amazing rotisserie pork belly with pesto potatoes. Can't wait to go back and try the next round of beers on tap!Fod is ok, very greasy especially the pork belly which was floating in 2inches of oil. Cocktails are good though.I wanted to like this place but the service was awful and not friendly in the least.  Also, while the food seemed like a good deal, the portions were very tiny.Absolutely a top-notch place to go for food and drink.  Here's a breakdown of my ratings and why:
Food - 5 Stars
On the recommendation of the bartender, I went with the following:
Hoisen Hanger Steak - A small bite, which would be expected for only $4, was melt in your mouth good.  If they would have told me it was a piece of filet, I wouldn't have argued.  Packed with flavor, run it across the BBQ sauce in the bottom of the dish with a lime juice provided. 
Asparagus salad - Absolutely a home run!  Definitely crack the egg and let it sit for a bit... the fat the asparagus is cooked in will slightly bind to the egg and make every bite absolutely delicious. 
Pork Bundles - I didn't really know what to expect here, but the onslaught of great food continued.  The pork melts in mouth and the pickled fennel on the side is refreshing deliciousness. 
House Made Buckwheat Linguine - Now this was something I didn't think I would rave for and I did.  I am not a huge fan of pesto, but this isn't your ordinary pesto, it's kale pesto.  This pesto is more parsley based with a unique hint of lemon,  It's so unique I suggest even Pesto haters should give it a whirl. 
I resisted ordering anything else as the bartender told me I MUST get the dessert (see below). 
Drinks - 5 Stars
They have 12 beers on tap including Lagunitas, Brooklyn lager and a host of other craft beers along with cider and sour beer.  The list was obviously very well thought out and there is something for everyone (even Miller Lite - yuck - but I guess they needed to have one non-craft on there).  They also have wine on tap - pino, cab and whites - which are all very tasty and refresh.  I was asking the Manager about the setup and it's not bottles in a machine, it's a wine bladder so basically the entire bag stays fresh because zero air gets to the wine until it's poured out of the tap - very cool. 
Dessert - 5 Stars
Three words: Sticky Toffee Muffin. It was absolutely one of the best desserts I have ever had... Three more words:  Just Get It!!
Seriously, don't even ask about the menu, which they make their own ice cream that you should try, but get this the first time you are there and you are going to be HOOKED.
Decor - 5 Stars
The decor is comfortable, relaxing and very modern with a really amazing looking bar and some really cool graffiti which the GM explained is bringing it back to the roots of what the building was before the remodel.  Located in an up and coming area of Philadelphia, it's not far from the convention center or center city.
They are brand new, so I highly recommend checking them out if you're in the area.We came down to the BAM hoping to have dinner and ended up hanging out at the bar. We honestly had more fun at the bar than I'm sure we would have had at the table so that took the sting out of being told there were no tables available. 
The bartenders took very good care of those in the group that were enjoying the craft cocktails and the rest of us beer guys were satisfied with the offerings as well on tap. 
We had some shared apps and the chicken thighs came out undercooked and they promptly took them back and made some fresh ones for us. They were good but I doubt we will get them again. The meatball was awesome. I think it was lamb and veal as it was tremendous. We also had the shrimp which was very good and the cheese and meat plate which was kind of boring, but they were the choices our group made. 
Overall we had a nice evening and Brian the manager even came by with a birthday drink for our out of Towner whose birthday we were celebrating, nice touch Brian!One of the BEST happy hours in Philadelphia, this place will have you overcome by the kindness of the staff (literally everyone who worked here checked in on us, without being annoying, at some point during our stay), the freebies (yes, we got a happy hour snack on the house), and the romantic, cuddle-worthy booths along the windows. This place is super affordable during happy hour. For all the other hours, find yourself a rich boy who will buy your drinks and food.Brick and Mortar is a nice addition to the neighborhood, and while it may not be my personal favorite it can be an option for some food and adult beverages.  I write this review after visiting 8+ times.  
Pro:
Cocktail menu:  This seems to be their strong point as they have some great home made cocktails, have a great variety of beer and my lady friend tells me the wine is excellent. 
Ambiance:  Chill.  Nothing crazy.  Good place for a group to meet, date, or drinks with friends.  
Hostess:  Have always been greeted nicely at the beginning of my visit.  
Bar Tender Knowledge: They have always been spot on with recommendations 
Cleanliness.  I have never visited the bar and not seen someone cleaning.   Impressive!My friend and I had dinner last night. We started with the hanger steak. Delicious. Then we tried the charcuterie. Outstanding except for one offering, the salami. But all in all, a homerun! For our Mains, we had the pasta and the roast chicken. The pasta was magnificent and I can honestly say, one of the greatest chickens I have ever tasted. The dessert was recommended by the waiter, it was the only offering  of the evening that was less than superb. The service was outstanding, the ambience was perfect. There was chatter, but not so overwhelming that we could not hold a conversation. I appreciated the Decour,  tasteful without being complicatedFantastic, unique and well done menu. Comfortable space. We had several small plates, the food never got boring. Our server, Chrissy was very attentive and helpful. I will definitely be back.Went for brunch because reading terminal market was insanely packed. Very trendy place! I liked the atmosphere. I wanted something light so I opted for the spring salad with watercress and dandelion greens, two greens I have never had in a salad- it was very horseradishy, which was okay since it was a smaller portion. I would have liked more vegetables though to give it more variety and I was a bit disappointed that there weren't more. I got a Moscow mule as well and that was one of the best I've had--despite the fact that it wasn't served Ina copper mug.The food here was amazing!!! We got pork belly, lamb, and the vegetable board. Hoooollyyyyy moly the vegetable board was delicious!!!! And the pork belly was amazing!!! The lamb was my least favorite, but still good! Tom, our server, was the best :) and everyone else was great! I loved it and you should definitely check it out!! Also, if you like hard cider, you gotta try Jack's hard cider! Not super sweet, but just right!Great atmosphere and knowledgeable staff. We went on Ma's Gravy night and ordered everything but the gravy: calamari, cheesesteak spring rolls, the horseradish crusted salmon (sans the cedar plank) and the white truffle fettuccini. Calamari is sprinkled with Parmesan and delicious; cheesesteak spring rolls are average; salmon comes with toasted gnocchi which makes for a yummy duo but could be better not toasted; and for the white truffle fettuccini, was good but very saucy.Every time I visit BAM, I'm surprised by how helpful the staff is and how delicious the food and drinks are! During our most recent visit, we ordered the lamb and our sever gave us a complimentary glass of wine because the pairing "was too good not to share." He was right and we'll keep coming back!I so love this place! I came in for the trio of scallops and it was wonderful. They also have awesome wine on tap. I can always get down with a wonderful wine on tap. On a separate occasion I came in with friends in the evening- wine on tap and the pork cracklings. Yummy late night snack.Had brunch here with friends, the food was really good, only complaint is that they use some interesting spices on their potatoes and its a bit over powering.Everytime I come in here, the bartenders are never welcoming. The food on the menu is not worth the price you pay. They aren't even willing to deliver to your apartment even though you live right upstairs. All around terrible. The only thing on the menu that tastes ok is one of their salads and that is about it. Probably the least customer centric place I have ever been to.Came here on a Saturday night for a few cocktails and late-night bar snacks. This place is really unique, almost too fancy for its "rough" neighborhood location. However, that's why I love it!  Inside is trendy and new, and was beautifully re-modeled. I love the decor.  For a Saturday night, the place was quite empty, so my party of 3 grabbed a nice round table next to the bar. 
Drinks were great. There was Bullfrog on tap, which is a hard to find brewery that I love, so I was happy with the beer!  We also had a few rounds of cocktails from their drink menu. Classic old fashion, and some other unique gin drinks created by the bartender. Everything was delicious.  Its no Franklin Mortgage, but it was still damn good.  We munched on a few small bar-snacks since the main kitchen was closed.  The pork loin and hanger steak skewers were good, but small, with the steak being the best of the two.  What stole the show was the dessert, we were nearly licking the plate.  Service was great, the server was very attentive and helpful in getting us custom drinks ordered. He was super friendly and really seemed to enjoy our company! 
I'll come back here, and recommend this to others too! I had a great experience and really like the upscale option for drinks in this neighborhood where there's not much to chose from.  Great cocktails, great service, great atmosphere, deserves 4 stars from me!I went with two friends just this weekend, and didn't know what to expect, but this place rocks. Their bartenders really know their stuff and made some of the best cocktails in the city (and also reasonably priced).  Let them recommend and create a good drink and you won't be disappointed. The food was also great, and service was overall on point, friendly and attentive. Nice vibe and mix of people. We met the owner who was also very friendly and interested in his guests. Wish him all the best in this new venture. It's worth heading over here and we'll be back soon. Recommend dinner and drinks here, and then you can stop by Trestle Inn down the block for a full night out.Probably more fun on the weekend. Food ok as a vegetarian. Great atmosphere and I hope they
make it as it is a fabulous option in City Center. Reasonable prices.I give this place a 3.0. I give it a 2.5 for food and 3.5 for ambience and service. I had dinner here with my fiancé and another couple. We got the tater tots and edamame ravioli for appetizers. The tots were OK, but not great. The tots seemed a bit dry. Also, the portion wasn't very big. The raviolis did not taste good at all. The pasta was chewy and they used way too much truffle oil. 
For my entree, I got the Southern Plate, which came with brisket, sausage, chicken, biscuit and slaw. The only thing that was really good was the brisket. The chicken and sausage were a bit dry. The biscuit was ok but nothing to rave about. The slaw was very basic and forgettable. 
My fiancé got the eggplant parm. It was ok. I tasted it and the eggplant was a bit raw and the sauce was bland.  The tastiest part of our meal was the chocolate peanut butter gelato, but it was more like an ice cream than a gelato. 
The service was very good. The host, bartender and waiter were nice and attentive.  It also wasn't packed, so that helped. The place is really nice. It has an industrial restored look with very cool paintings and graffiti throughout the restaurant. The bar is nice and seats about 20. The seating booths are also cool. The beer list was awesome and the cocktails looked really good. 
However, even though I like the ambience, the food is not very good and the place is kind off the beaten path, so I probably wont be rushing to come back here.Super cute place, great service and well informed waiter. 
Creative cocktails and good prices. Definitely worth checking out for brunch!Nice hidden place. Great happy hour $5 cocktails. Dinner was good. Get the pork belly or chicken but not the ravioli.A gourmet wannabe...this basically  a "hipster bar" in an out the way neighborhood that benefits the owner & Uber....the place is loud and the amenities spare..a  reasonably pleasant young staff in their gingham & jeans,but the food was "from hunger"--ravioli in pork juice, really? ( 3 for $24.00) had a rib eye steak for $30 that was small, thin and tough to chew,accompanied by a  pile of salty fries...no bread/butter/olive oil-nothing.."cutesy" only goes so far..best thing on the menu was fried chick peas..service staff unable to get us a cab upon leaving our 50 minute dinner visit--informed hotel concierge accordingly to cut down on future referrals..anyone for a thimble full of pickled carrots?Awesome Happy Hour!!!
Drinks are meticulously made, I would say one of the top cocktail selections in the city.  It's not as extensive as a Hop Sing, or the inventiveness of Charlie was a Sinner, but there are solid drinks.  Food is also good, although I haven't veered off the happy hour menu.  This has become my preferred happy hour spot.  
Also, try the bloody-mary, rock solid.  Plus they sell the mix to go!Excellent foursome dining experience here last night. Tried a lot of different plates on the menu. Highly recommend the charcuterie and cheese boards, rotisserie chicken and pork belly, and all of the desserts minus the chocolate brownie.
Cocktails were tasty as well. Laid back atmosphere and knowledgeable staff. I'll come here again..Excellent delectable food, beautifully prepared cocktails, friendly attentive service, great ambiance /decor - highly recommend !Another addition to the North of Vine dining experience. Situated in a repurposed multi use factory setting with industrial decor the cover is better than the book itself. On a Saturday night they fail to offer their signature Forth Spit, limiting already limited menu options, because they had a special event earlier in the week. An extension of the current obnoxious, "Have it our way." theme in dining.  Offers of family style dining are deceptive with undersized portions suitable for maybe 1.5 persons. As a self proclaimed cocktail bar they ran out of a premium name brand. Bourbon. The seating allows for good crowd viewing but makes conversation challenging when coupled with high volume music. They are new and hopefully will recalibrate or will be repurposed themselves as so many other places have.Go for the atmosphere and a drink - but move on for dinner.  We started with the Kale Salad - really small for $11.00 - kale - apple and carrots- I guess that is considered winter vegetables - dressing was good.  On to the vegetable board - really small portions and no flavor - marinated chick peas were ok - cauliflower with tomato sauce blah- fennel salad with grapefruit - could not taste the fennel - but hold on - we had fingerling potatoes - 3 1/2's with a smear of mayo  - ugh! come on  - culinary - let's get on it! - My friend ordered Lamb - tasteless - fingerling potatoes underneath - kind of dull.  Pork Belly on a spit so excited...BUT...no go...lots of fat - no crisp - very little meat - ahh well....we tried...bar is cool ...again go for a drink and head on out for dinner.Not sure where some of the food reviews come from. We were a group of five last Saturday night. We were 5 for 5 on happy dinners. The staff was super friendly. The bar is roomy and the drinks well made and served promptly. 
We started with apps disco fries, tuna tartare and a spicy shrimp dish that I can't recall the name of. All were exceptionally good. Disco fries had to been done as a flash back to college if for no other reason. 
I tasted the blackened trout special my wife ordered (which she gave up reluctantly) and it was fantastic. Tow of these came to the table and. One of it left on the plate. A great looking surf and turf served with a soft shell crab that looked great but I did not try. The other two were sandwich orders that came out looking and tasting great with some house made chips. 
All in a great experience. I eat out two to three times a week and BAM will be on the return engagement list. More than I can say for many other restaurants I try.Very disappointing on the last visit a couple weeks ago.  Have been to BAM several times in the past so expectations were relatively high.  The new chef and menu are not good.  Everything was worse than on previous visits.  The types of food, the presentation, quality, portions, price, everything is now lacking.  The sandwiches served on long rolls are cut at this ridiculous angle that makes them look like daggers.  There is little food actually on the sandwiches, especially considering the price.  We started with the tuna tartare.  It was ok for the price.. I got the Francesinha sandwich which tasted pretty good, but for some reason was served in a bowl. And the beer chesse that it was supposed to come with was a sloppy pour of Wiz all over the top.  It looked gross and was an utter mess to eat.  I ordered onion rings instead of fries, but it came out with fries.  The server then brought a couple onion rings which for some unknown reason were also served in a bowl (and barely warm).  My wife ordered the vegetarian cheesesteak.  It was awful.  Cut the same ridiculous way, but at least served on a plate and note in a bowl.  Hardly any veggies in the sandwich, and the chunks of tofu (all two of them) were unseasoned lumps that detracted from the rest of the sandwich.  The drinks were pretty good, but incredibly light on the pours and the server upcharged me for the buck I ordered with Bulleit bourbon, which he suggested.  It's already an $11 drink and you're putting in cheap liquor and upcharging without telling me?  No.  Most of the staff was at the bar getting drunk so service was spotty at best.  Our server, who I did not observe at the bar, made several mistakes and was incredibly clumsy, dropping food on the way to and from the table, dropped the next table's menus all over the floor, etc.  It was just an all-around disappointing experience from what was once a reliable place to go in an area that doesn't have much selection.Had a brunch date with my fiancé here. Very good food. Oyster shooters and oysters were solid. Had a mimosa which was good (perhaps a bit expensive for a brunch mimosa but honestly on par with anywhere in the city).  
Real highlight of the day was the pork belly eggs Benedict. It's a different take it's almost like a pork belly salad with the egg as the dressing on toast. It's amazing. Very fresh takes on the dishes. 
For brunch it's a good place - but just be aware it's not your typical diner brunch. If that's what you want this isn't for you.Looking for a late supper, we stumbled upon Brick & Mortar. Its sleek and modern loft aesthetic was alluring. 
The fries with berbere  spices and ginger ketchup had a delightful interplay of flavors. The succulent rotisserie lamb was tender and juicy--one of the best lamb dishes I've ever had. The au jus mixed with the squash side to make a rich broth. The corn on the cob with a brown sugar glaze--who knew this simple staple could be sooo good?
The lightly caramelized grilled peaches from Gettysburg and honey ice cream were summer incarnate. Almost as sweet was our server, Andrew, who gave us affable, perfectly timed service.We came here for the grand opening Rail Park fundraiser, and the wait staff and bartenders did an excellent job of keeping up with the packed house (even while churning out delicious speciality cocktails). We came back for brunch a few weeks later. Excellent food, right-sized portions and again, great service. I'm excited to go back for dinner and to hang out at the bar.AMAZING. Such a fun atmosphere & great food. I've been there multiple times and have never been disappointed. Whether there for a drink or a meal, you're sure to be pleased. If you have the opportunity go before they change out the grilled peach dessert...fabulousTheir burgers are SO good. The new menu (as of 12/11/16) has so many good options that earlier menus lacked. Wine on tap is a plus. Extensive beer list. Projector for sports games and audio for Sunday football.Let's start with the Old Fashioned.
It's our favorite drink for those nights on the town and walking into Brick and Mortar, we saw their recipe done up like an architectural sketch with the exact details as to how they create their version, placed in a glass frame. 
This version is fantastic.  It gives the Glenmorgan in Radnor a run for its money as the best old fashioned in the Philly area.
The restaurant was exactly as we remembered from our visit two years ago. Hip, cool decor, down to the uni-sex bathrooms with shared sinks. 
Our server Jarrod was on point all night. Great service that wasn't intrusive, he did a wonderful job.
For appetizers, we had the calamari and cheesesteak egg rolls. The calamari was good as was the garlic aioli and marinara dips on the side  but it was a little too salty for our taste. The cheesesteak spring rolls were a little too greasy. 
For our main courses, my lady had the burger and onion rings and I had the fettucine verdura and a side salad.
The burger was a good bar burger served the traditional way with choice of one of 3 cheeses,tomato, lettuce and red onion on a brioche bun. The house made mayo was tasty. The onion rings - not so much. Tasted like they were frozen.
The housemade pasta was way too gummy.It was tossed in garlic, white wine, basil, asparagus and grated cheese. The house salad was a basic green salad with too much cheese.
Brick and Mortar is a great spot to grab a bite and a drink before an Underground Arts show as the venue is at most two blocks away. 
BAM may have its ups and downs but damn, that Old Fashioned covers over all its few sins.So I struggled between the 4 and 5 stars and honestly I went with 4 because I really do not care for the layout of the place but more on that later.
Drinks:  So the place makes juices from scratch which to me translated into good drinks.  For a standard hip $10 cocktail you get a good drink.  I got a drink which was homemade lime juice and lemon juice with ginger syrup.  That being said, mine could have been stronger, but I general think shots are a little on the weak side.
Food:  I only had the burger, but it was quite good.  The meat was quite lean, which works out well for me.   The big draw on the burger was the ginger ketchup.  Unique but oh so good!  
Staff:  Nice helpful staff that all wear checkered shirts.
Layout:  So the space is left mostly unfinished which means exposed ceilings and painted concrete floor.  As much as I like the urban look, this result doesn't quite work.  Color scheme clashes a bit and of big concern is the amount of concrete and noise reflecting services left unfinished.  This is a recipe for a loud space even when only half full.
I really enjoyed this place and plan on coming back again soon.I rarely venture north of Chinatown, but I'd heard great things about Brick and Mortar and was excited to try it out. We came for a boozy brunch after a morning of volunteering in the heat and had a great time! The place was pretty empty when we came in around noon, which honestly surprised me because they have a fantastic brunch menu.
We ordered a carafe of mimosas and sampled a beer from Left Hand Brewing that was almost too drinkable with a lovely kick of ginger. Since our party was so large, the kitchen staff decided to do a buffet-style menu for us, serving up make-your-own breakfast tacos and french toast. (My friend and I were actually grateful they made the choice for us, since we'd been agonizing over the breakfast burrito, the cannoli french toast, and the huevos rancheros on their regular brunch menu. Note: every item on the brunch menu is $15.)
The food did take a while to come out, but once it did, everything was incredible. There was a platter of bacon, ham, and sausages, all perfectly cooked, there was a wonderful cheesy black bean-scrambled egg mixture, and there was salsa, a really delicious green sauce, hot sauce, cotija, and other taco toppings. It was one of the most fun meals I've had in a while, and it did not break the bank.
The waitstaff were all super helpful in handling our large crew, and took orders efficiently. They also kept our checks all super organized, though people jumped between tables. I'd definitely recommend them for any small to medium-sized events - they really know how to make it special!BAM!
Pig ears were crispy and tasty.  The ears are cut into really thin strips and then fried.  In fact, I liked these a whole lot better than the fries bravas.  The pig ears have more flavor, and a better texture than the fries here.  
The rotisserie lamb was cooked well, and had a good flavor.  The rosemary, garlic, and lemon tasted great with the meat.  
Interesting beer list and not bad on the pricing. 
I didn't particularly like sitting in the booth, because everyone is sitting facing the same direction, like at a bar, rather than facing one another.  It made it difficult to talk to the people you are eating with.  
I like the look of this place.  Sort of trendy and clean.
The service was friendly and efficient.Cool design. We ate here for lunch. 10 of us.  Food was great and getting food to table was a reasonable amount of time.   We ordered a "to go" for a friend unable to meet us here (walks with a cane and we walked over from Convention Center ).it took a while to get the to go (ordered with "for here" food).  Asked for to go silverware and we're told they didn't have any.  I asked if we could take a fork.. told no by the manager.  I explained friend's situation and he said OK.  Would have given 5 stars if they had to go silverware.   
Try to Creme Brulee French Toast... amazing!I came here for brunch with my buddy and was quite underwhelmed, especially after reading all the rave reviews. 
We were pleasantly greeted and given the choice of table, bar or booth. We choose a booth but it was under a speaker so we asked to be moved. That was accomplished and we were shown to another booth right by a serious and active leak coming from the ceiling that was wetting the bench seat next to us and creating a sizeable puddle on the floor. 
Our server had the personality of a shoe. We both ordered a house cocktail ($10 a pop)-Chrysanthemum. So so and on the sweet side. I had the avocado sandwich and my pal had the house burger. You do not get much food for your money. Both entrees came with the house potatoes which were spicy and good. My sandwich was not even palm size. The mashed avocado on toast was okay, there was 1 small slice of bacon in it and maybe a quarter slice of tomato. I was very glad the helping of potatoes was generous. My buddy's burger with a fried egg on top was equally tiny; more slider size than entree size. He did not finish it.  We had another round of drinks, Navy Grog this time, and it was also too sweet. We asked to see a dessert menu; there were 3 choices so we split an apple crumble with ice cream. It was tasty, warm, crisp and flavorful but way too small to split and even on the small side for a single serving. Our waitress never smiled, made chit chat or acted like she cared if we lived or died. We won't be back.Yum! I came here for Happy Hour, and was not disappointed at all with the variety of food and drink choices available. BAM's HH is 5-7PM, Monday through Friday, and the bar sometimes fills up quickly. 
I came with two other friends, and we each ordered cocktails ($5) based off of recommendations from the bartender. The Buck was spicy + citrusy; the Mai Tai was sweet and pleasing (also intoxicating); the Tank Girl was very, very strong. We also ordered one of each of the bam bites (skewered, succulent meats), the chef's crostini of the day (which was some sort of pesto-y butter on a large toast, cut into three pieces). We also shared the meat and cheese platters, which were delicious, and we were stuffed by the end.
Tl;dr -- the reasonably priced happy hour is great, particularly for the cocktails!Great atmosphere and very friendly staff. The cocktail program is too good, something for most. Good craft beer selection on draft, with Miller Lite thrown on there to keep everybody happy. Wine and prosecco on tap is a cool feature as well. 
Quality of food is impressive as well. From the small bites to the desserts with homemade ice cream. Brunch also hit the spot!Can't say anything bad about this place except the pork was a bit dry. Service - fantastic, bobby was our server. Drinks - amazing, the navy drink was on point. Food - well crafted. A lot of thought was put into  every dish and the chef should be congratulated for that. Everything we had was put together with the right thought process. Not only did we enjoy the food but we enjoyed the experience all together.Do yourself a favor and just stick with the drinks. Drinks and service were on point, the food was unfortunately not.Hipster bar with eclectic menu.Want chicken wings? Fuggetaboutit!  Not much that appealed to me as I am not that adventurous but the place was jumping. Nice decor. Great service.  My lady and I had the cheddar burgers and fries. Delicious. The Makers Mark Old Fashioned that bartender Lindsay made ROCKED!!!! Also the apple crisp desert was delicious. Great place to go if you attend a show at Underground Arts. THANK GOD we found this as the food choices at the venue were horrible.(frozen chicken fingers anyone?)Stylish to the extreme. It looks like where the Rolling Stones would have chilled with groupies post-show sometime in 1971. Service was off the hook hospitable, and the food was outstanding. I got the rotisserie lamb with vegetables and corn on the cob. It was classic and filling, and the whole plate was $15. Very affordable, because I would have estimated it costing double that. They fresh bottle their own cocktails and we tried them all. A paloma (tequila, lime, grapefruit), Tom Collins, and Moscow Mule. They were all so refreshing and came in their own cool little glass bottles. Serious craft draft list, and plates made for sharing or not. Whatever you're feeling. We didn't order it, but the waiter said the burger was made of ground short rib, and is out of this world. Came most recently for brunch, and enjoyed oyster shooters, which are hard to find outside of Manhattan, and poached eggs. We wanted the ricotta pancakes but they're only served on Sundays -- will be back soon for those. Five stars.Any young restaurant I try, I tend to go in with low expectations as they work to find their identity and groove. We had a small group and decided to venture out of our Center City comfort zone and try BAM, based on its reviews. My expectations were neither surpassed nor disappointed. It was just kind of, meh. 
The beer list was impressive, although I went for a Miller Lite because I'm not only looking out for my figure, but my wallet's as well.
There were some real highlights with the food. The cheese and charcuterie plates were excellent. You can pick 3 out of 4 or just get all 4. For the meal portion, I had the half-chicken dinner while some others had the lamb, which was probably the most popular item of the night. My chicken was slightly dry, always a risk when you don't prepare it yourself. The root vegetable medley it rested on was pretty tasty. We ordered one of each dessert and shared. There was no clear winner here because we each liked different things. Personally, my favorite was the apple crisp a la mode. Scrumptious! 
Although, even with a full meal, I still walked away feeling a little hungry.
So overall, a little overpriced for the quantity and quality. The space was nice but a bit stark with high ceilings and little cushioning, I'd wager it could get very loud. Fortunately we were there before the mad dinner rush. One low are the bathroom stalls. They are a bit cramped.
The question I've been asking is would I return again? With all of the other options closer to that good ol' comfort zone, I'd wager not.I'm giving this restaurant 1 star only because I can't give it a minus number. I was with a large group that had previously arranged our visit. The menu was a 3 course  meal with 2 or 3  choices for each. The first course while late, was meager but acceptable. It was 2 hours before the next course came. My wife ordered seared butterfish which was tasty but very salty. It was accompanied by a small scoop of deep fried jasmine rice. I had ordered the French Dip, which was supposed to be slow roasted prime rib with horseradish aioli and gruyere on a crusty roll with pomme frites. Sounds great! Well, what I got was 2 small slices of overcooked meat, or brisket or something with a tiny bit of melted cheese on a crusty roll. Of course I was hungry, since it was 1 1/2 -2 hrs since I sat down. The waiter was bussing the table next to me, before he served our table. He actually served them dessert before he served us with the main course. KEEP AWAY FROM THIS RESTAURANT! !Found this place on yelp when I was in Philly for work. Sat at the bar and loved every minute of my time there. The fresh chips were amazing, crunchy and salty and so good. The burger with the brioche bun was probably one of the best burgers I've ever had. The service was awesome and it was great chatting with the staff at the bar all night. I highly highly recommend it!!!We planned our evening out starting at BAM for dinner.  The atmosphere was comfortable, although I always get a chuckle when a relatively empty restaurant greeter asks if I have a reservation. The curved setting made conversation in a small group very inclusive - nice choice instead of a typical square table. The food selection had a nice variety. The waiter was able to answer questions about how the dishes were prepared. I prefer my food hotter in temperature but the other guests were very satisfied with their meals. The price point was considered well.   All in all, I say stop in and enjoy.