Went last night for the launch of their new menu. Food was heavenly. Highlights were the (chicken) liverace, the octopus and the lamb neck ragu. Only things keeping this from being a five star review are A) the bartender served us two glasses of wine after dinner ($16) and took my $20 off the bar never to return with change and B) the bad acoustic duo that made me want to leave. Not only were they of quite modest talent, but they were way too loud. You don't need a microphone in such a small place, nor do you need to play and sing as loudly as you can. It's acoustic in a small room, it should be at a pleasant level.I went there with a friend of mine and my wife. My friend had been there 10 years ago and noted it being one of the best Belgian beer bars around. 
I liked the unique layout of the bar and bartender was a nice guy but the food was out of place. It was straight-up Italian food in a Belgian bar. Very weird. My entire party remarked on it too. The food was good but forgettable. 
When I show up at a place called "Bridgid's" I certainly don't expect Italian food.Great neighborhood bar and restaurant. It is a dark irish bar with good beers on tap. It is more on the divey side than classy upscale bar.  Every time we are there, everyone at the bar chats with each other. It is a real locals place. The bartenders are always funny. Great beer selection.  Love their chicken fingers and french fries!We had heard how good the food was here and finally went last night. Everything was delicious as promised! Service couldn't have been better. Thanks Mark! As we were leaving we found out that the chef was retiring the next day and it will soon be an Italian restaurant. We are so glad we went before he retired and will be back to try out the new menu!The food is fresh, and it is a great bistro without any snobby bistro attitude.  It is small, the waitstaff attentive and super down to earth.  
The only thing is they need some serious work balancing the flavors on their menu.  Too much cheese and sugar where they don't belong.  I had some perfectly cooked skate last night that was drowned in so much sugary fig sauce it almost put me in a diabetic coma.  And, I like sweet food.  This place is trying a bit too hard to be creative with their menu.  Take two ingredients off of every menu item and your food will be so much better.Brigid's before tonight's experience you have always been a 5 star. Tonight "ME THINKS NOT"
Update your website. 
We were under the impression based on your happy hour specials per your website that ALL DRAFTS were half off: "Friday & Saturday 10pm - 12am $4 Drafts $2 Off Big Botles $5 Glass of Wine". 
No exclusions listed on your website stating otherwise. 
Me & my man were fist pumping (kinda of sorta) all week knowing that Friday night we would be indulging in half priced Rodenbach& the comback of the Fillet Roquefort. 
Rodenbach: You have them priced on your "draft"  board for $8.. Implying that during your happy hour (10pm-12pm) they would are $4 based on your website. 
The bartender cut us a $6 "deal" while muttering under her breath "who would think these would be $4 beers"
...Last time I checked it wasn't the customer's responsibility  to know the cost of goods. 
Clean up your website because 99.99999% of American's consult the World Wide Web these days in addition to word of mouth.
Disappointed. Blah.The beer selection here is fantastic!  I can understand why so many people would make this their neighborhood bar. Sadly, the menu is not the best...and since I was there for dinner, I was pretty disappointed.  I had the crab cakes, which were mediocre while my date had the pasta and shrimp with a butter sauce, which was pretty blah and bland.  I might stop by for a beer in the future, but that's pretty much it.I loved Brigid's. It had a really unique atmosphere. The octopus appetizer was awesome, the dressing tasted super fresh and unique. All around great place and I'll be back.We had some friends come in from out of town and decided to take them to dinner at Bridgid's. I generally put a fair amount of research into a restaurant (Yelp, Menu Pages, restaurant's website, etc.) before visiting for the first time, as I am generally somewhat cheap and want to make sure that I make a good pick with regard to where to spend my money. So, I after performing my due diligence, I decided that Bridgid's would be good place to go.
I have to say (through no fault of the restaurant's) that I found their web site to be a little misleading. From the web site, I was picturing Birdgid's to be, first and foremost a restaurant. When we entered, it felt more bar than restaurant - probably because you have to walk through a fairly crowded bar area to get to the dining area.
I was very impressed with the beer selection - this is certainly a beer drinker's kinda place. I got the Saison Dupont and it was very reasonably priced. The other thing that struck me about Bridgid's was how friendly the wait staff was. I thought that everyone working there - from the bartender (who was running food to the table) through the busboy - was very pleasant. 
The menu was also pretty nice. I started with the beef brisket chili (nice, tender chunks of brisket) and had the Macadamia-crusted Mahi Mahi in a lobster cream sauce for my entree. Overall, I would say the food was good. 
I would certainly come back to Bridgid's on the right occasion, now that I know what to expect. This is a very casual, laid-back, low-key-night sort of place.The waiter here (while ordering food) checked our ids and just broke my friend's completely real Id in half. He was completely unapologetic even when it was proven to be a real id. We'll be back in an attempt to get him paid back for the replacement fee, but in the meantime he has NO legal id, with NO apology whatsoever! If they'd been apologetic, we would have let it go, but they were very rude about itFood is still great but since Peter McAndrews has consulted!My husband and I have been coming to Brigid's since we moved to Fairmount in 2013.  What always kept us returning was the consistent food and amicable staff.   Unfortunately, we've noticed a few declines over the past few years.  
Brigid's now frequently changes their menu to keep up with some of the trendier neighborhood restaurants.  They also took away small touches such as the complementary sourdough + ricotta that typically accompanied a meal.  Today, however, was the low of the low.  We ordered our standard mussels in white only to find 3 pea crabs living within the first 2 mussels.  When we alerted our regular waitress (whom we have never complained to) to this her response was that "this is normal for the time of year" and that the best they wouldn't refund us for the dish but would "provide us with a complimentary drink and dessert".  After this conversation we did look up pea crabs in mussels to find that this disguising disturbance is avoided by simply brining/cleaning the mussels in salt water prior to cooking.  
Needless to say, we are disappointed with the way our go-to neighborhood restaurant is trending and will seriously consider returning.I felt the need to write this review mainly because I read the other reviews and realized I don't think this place should be judged by people who complain that their burger is cooked at 160 degrees not 161. So my experience in this place was alright to say the least. The food that they serve isn't 5 star restaurant quality it is a bar with an Italian food menu pretty much. The place is VERY tight, hopefully you don't want a bar seat close to the wall or someone will be brushing up in between you and the wall the entire duration of your "experience"
Like I said it is an alright place, it's a nice hole in the wall to grab a drink.So good. Just thinking about it makes  my mouth water. The atmosphere is awesome and the food is super tasty, and the portions are ginormous. The beer list is amazing too. 
I got the mussels and I couldn't have been happier.I am not sure what's happening at Brigid's. They've gone through so many metamorphoses in the past few years, but not for the better. This latest reincarnation could be themed, "lipstick on a pig." You don't move out of the "dive bar" strata just because you paint the walls. You don't become a "gastropub" because you offer $28 entrees. And you certainly aren't going to be renown as a "great beer bar" (which you used to be) with ShockTop on tap. Brigid's was much more appealing when it was a funky, quirky neighborhood pub, with decent and affordable "bar food" (Peter McAndrews?), with an excellent beer list. Though it is appreciated that, after YEARS, the hole on the men's room floor (straight through to the cellar) was finally fixed, I implore you...please stop with the overpriced, barely adequate, attempt at fancy food - you are not in Rittenhouse! For $28, I can get two meals of equal or better quality, in a number of places, within a three block radius. And please, please, please, please, please, for the love of God, get a bar manager that knows good beer!!! For years, you obviously had one! 
I want to like Brigid's, again. I applaud their attempts to improve, but by trying to tackle all of their issues at once (or by not getting the right help), they've created a whole mess of overpriced mediocrity.
(Don't get me started on the service, lately!)PROS: Great bar.  Good Belgian beer selection.  Small, friendly space.
CONS: The restaurant gets worse each time I go here.  What used to be a down to earth hole in the wall now has uptight waitstaff in uniforms who can't crack a smile.  
The menu is overly creative and has way too many ingredients on each item.  Everything is doused in fruit glazes, has extra cheese or cream sauce, or multiple kinds of meat and seafood in one dish.  It just gets super unappetizing.  I went with a party of five and none of us could decide what to get because it all sounded so nauseating.  The food wasn't all that good.  I could easily cook better at home.   
Sad.  I live in the hood, would love to love this place but after the third time here in a few months, I just cannot bring myself to go back.Good beer, good family-like atmosphere, funny, friendly, outgoing.  Open mic has talented up-and-comers.  Comfy stools.  Haven't yet tried the food, but will report back!Un bar de quartier simple mais très accueillant.
Ne vous attendez pas à des plats très diététiques, et si vous vous aventurez a prendre autre chose que les bergers ou les plats de bar, ça ne sera pas plus raffiné.
Néanmoins la cuisine n'est pas désagréable et les prix sont très corrects.Bridgid's is a great neighborhood spot, very charming and cozy...great atmoshphere!  I went with a small group of friends for dinner and everything we had was just better than the next.  The mussels in white wine sauce, the mushroom bread, all the specials and the pastas and desserts are made in house.  Our server, James, enhanced our dining experience with all of his great recommendations.  We can't wait to go back!!!  Thank you for making it such a wonderful night!I went in one night during their "shut up and eat" special and was ignored at the bar for around 15 minutes.  The bartender was there, he saw me, but just kept talking to a buddy at the end of the bar rather than acknowledge my presence.  I can understand when a bartender is in the weeds and can't serve me immediately, but I don't accept being ignored for no reason other than the bartender feels like being a jerk.
I eventually flagged him down and ordered a beer and the special.  I didn't expect an elaborate meal for a low priced special, but I did expect something better than what I received: a meatball dish that tasted like it was straight from a college dorm room microwave.  There seemed to be some effort put into the presentation, but it didn't come close to making up for  the quality of the food.   They did have a good beer selection.
I was going to go back and give it another chance before I wrote this review, but then I reconsidered.  There are too many great pubs and restaurants in Fairmount to waste time on a place like this.Small bar with big flavor.  Even though I did some research on Bridgid's before taking my aunt out for her birthday it was a bit underwhelming when we walked in.  As you enter the building the bar is on your right and the dining area is in the rear.  
I knew the menu had been overhauled so I was really looking forward to it.  I wanted to try something different and the Lamp Cheesesteak was the perfect choice.  Our server said a lot of people don't order it but they SHOULD.  It was fantastic.  We sampled a few other dinner entree's and each one was very good.  
The beer selection was awesome and I really enjoyed our meal.  The next time I'm out in Fairmount I will make sure to stop by and have a few beers.Hole in the wall , which is what originally drew me there. Stopped in for happy hour.  Though it would be like Mama's Pasta and Brew , which is a Columbus ohio gem, check it out  ;) . But at this dump .Bartender incompetent,  acted like I owned him money, mediocre bar food.  Walk two blocks down and stop at Rembrants instead. Expected more from a mellow place. Skip BrigidsI am normally a huge fan of this place. Unfortunately, my last stop was not the best on the burger scene. 
Nemico Burger 
- Overcooked, overdressed and underwhelmed. 
- Balsamic for days. 
I was expecting a fantastic burger and I was disappointed.
I will always come back here though because they normally hit a home run.Bridgid's is not an Irish pub but rather it's a Belgian eatery and beer haven. 
The food is unique and very good.  It can get crowded at times and the service is touch and go. This is a wonderful Irish pub with a short menu of good food. Definitely take a look at the beer menu which is the size of a short novel.
The food is very inexpensive considering the quality. Try the tough steak, which really isn't tough at all. The place is really small and can get a bit uncomfortably crowded at busy times.Cool little neighborhood bar. Chill crowd, good beer selection, fun bartender. Excited to go back and try the food.Brigid's has to be one of my favorite spots in the city. When you first walk in you're overwhelmed by a u-shaped bar that takes up much of the room. Grab a spot here and join in on some great conversation, or go to the seated area in back in you're looking for something quieter. The food has always been great, and I love that you can grab something small for cheap or go all out with entrees. The beers on tap constantly rotate, and if they're not enough, there's another 50 bottles calling your name. Great place to bring a date or friends visiting from out of town. If parking was easier, I'd be there all the time.Great italian restaurant, a definite neighborhood gem!  Cozy inside, staff was great, food was amazing!  An unexpected surprise to our uncertain dinner plan:)Great appetizers.  Main course was decent but not over the top.   Parpadelle was good as was short ribs. Short ribs were a tad dry and the sauce was a little different.   I would've preferred beef gravy instead of tomato based.  They were accommodating since we didn't have a reservation but took FOREVER to get out check.   Overall nice atmosphere and I'd go again for drinks but maybe notThey have a great beer selection... they don't make great gin & tonics, but I suppose I shouldn't really order other kinds of drinks at a place like Bridgid's. The food is great, especially their fries with the roasted shallot aioli, and I took my parents and brother here for dinner once and everyone (even my incredibly picky brother and father) loved their dishes. The servers and bartenders are all very friendly and prompt.
Only three stars because they often don't have drinks that are listed on the menu, if the liquor isn't one that people order often. My dad went through three Scotches before he found one they had, and a friend the other day ordered a whiskey that they had run out of. The server apologetically explained the list hadn't been updated in a while... well, update! Also, I really do not like the U shaped bar. It is kind of awkward, if you are with a group, it is much easier to just try and get a table. Last thing I didn't like was the creme brulee... so disappointing. It was burnt, and of the smaller circumference, deeper custard variety.
However, the peanut butter bomb...whatever is in it...is truly a thing of beauty.Loving Brigid's, just got through the appetizers and exceptional wings, mozzarella, and awesome very unique french fries. 
So we had a table of 6, and without going into extreme detail, everything was excellent. Great food, and service.The food is always amazing here! I had dinner here this evening, and again I was blown away with the creativity of the chef! I started with the pork belly prepared with crab meat, goat cheese and a truffle honey! So interesting and totally delicious!!  scallops were perfectly tender and presented with grilled peaches, pine nuts, goat cheese with a light truffle honey. So good!Ok so here's my 11th review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review.
I had brunch at Bridgid's and I can honestly tell you I left feeling like a king!  So why the 3 stars and not 4 or more importantly 5?
Everything was exquisite- everything except the breakfast burger was not cooked to the requested temperature!  A burger that was requested at medium was delivered raw!I've walked by the entrance almost daily & have been tempted to try out what seemed like a little watering hole. Well it's so much more! The beer selection is amazing. Midnight Express was excellent. As was the Shrimp Risotto appetizer. Their pale ale fried chicken was crispy & juicy, & it was served with just enough sides so that I wasn't overly full. The staff was super friendly and made sure we had what we needed. This is definitely my neighborhood place!I have to say this is one of my biggest disappointments.  I used to love eating here.  The last 3-4 times I have been have been mediocre.  I always leave there hungry.  Update, I was there recently.  Sat at the bar.  Now I know how the invisible man felt......service was terrible.Quite the beer selection!It may have been our perfect timing, but when we heard that the menu was being revamped by Philly's own Peter McAndrews we had to experience Brigids again.  Brigids holds a soft spot in my heart being that it was the first bar I went to with my neighbors after moving to the city.  Back then we were reindeer romping a whoppin 3 years ago!  I wasn't into the Yelp scene, so this review isn't cheating.
I was super lucky to be able to order my food prepared by McAndrews himself!  We grabbed bar seats, ordered ourselves some beers - that night the only tap working thanks to the coolers burning out was the gravity tap - and got to reading the interesting menu.  The prices are appropriate and you can order a variety of items without breaking the bank.  You can also be adventurous by ordering snails or keep it safe and order a pasta dish.  
Our order consisted of polpo, bombolino, and the ricotta forte which in English is the octopus, donuts, and bruschetta with sardines.  The donuts and octopus, separately, were by far my favorites for the night.  Caramel brown and sweet  the donuts balance the salty prosciutto filling.  Served to you like sliders they're the perfect appetizer to split without getting all rulesy on double bites and dips.  As for the octopus, I was a fiend at scraping up every last bit of the puree that accompanied it.  Having never eaten straight sardines before, the ricotta forte was my adventure for the night.  I ate them fearlessly but I didn't love them going down.  Nothing against the food, just my personal preference of not loving floppy fish skin dancing down my throat.  We also split the small order of gnocchi served with lamb neck and raisins which was heavenly.  Honestly, we could have been ok with all that food even though the plates were small, but of course we overdid it and got entrees too. 
For dinner I ordered the sole and the boo ordered the pork loin.  Our orders were fittingly gender oriented in my opinion.  Lemon stood out on my sole, and even though it was battered it was still light.  The boo, un-gender-fittingly (huh?) didn't finish his pork, but he loved every bite.  I helped finish the broccoli rabe, beast that I am.  
I thought McAndrews was a bit of a cheese on The Layover Philadelphia edition...but his food was unscripted, full of flavor companions, and of all things not cheesy.  Congrats on the great menu Brigids!Always a go-to when visiting friends & now a staple in the neighborhood since we recently moved here. Delicious food & cozy ambiance. The staff is friendly with you, without being superficial. Great beer selection. Highly recommend the 4- Course Chef's Tasting Menu.As good as your get good wise especially for the price and a local bar.  Wine is a little over priced.  Beer selections is great. Pasta is homemade.   U shaped bar is great to talk and interact with people.  It is my neighborhood bar so I am a little biased.    But the new and great chef is spectacular and you probably frequent his other restaurants.I'm disappointed to have to give one star here but i do so in the hope that perhaps management will become aware of the recent changes in quality here.  We've been enthusiastic patrons for years - living in the neighborhood, it's been our spur of the moment "go to" spot, however we've noticed that the past few times we've been there the food has been off its usual standard, but last night was outright bad.  The mussels in white sauce were almost unrecognizable compared to the dish we always have ordered in the past - bland flavorless broth which is ordinarily the highlight - even the grilled bread was tasteless, and a few mussels themselves were off - one so much so i had to spit it out fearing food poisoning.  The kitchen was absurdly slow in getting the food out and when the pasta special finally arrived it was seriously over-salted as was my wife's risotto.  Maybe Peter McAndrews has ended his affiliation with the kitchen - i have no idea but as we walked home we ran into a neighbor who had a similar experience there a few weeks ago and did not plan to return.  I hope they straighten things out but for the time being we won't be returning either.food is WAY too overpriced.. and so are the drinks... i used to go here alot, but now i realise i shouldn't go at all.
the gnocci is WAY over priced, awful salad that comes on the side.  
two of us paid over 40 bucks (without tip) for two gnocci's and three drinks.  and i feel as though i could have gotten alot more for that price anywhere else.  really disappointed :/I want to like Bridgid's. I do. My husband and I are on the hunt for a local place we can eat at regularly when we don't feel like cooking. I think that the concept is there: good food, great atmosphere, and friendly local service but they seem to be falling off the mark in all three. 
First, the food. The burger is EXCELLENT. But the other food seems over complicated. I agree with the other reviewer who said too many glazes etc. It's good ingredients that are working too hard at fancy. I'm a food snob with the best of them but the flavor profiles need to be eased up on. 
Second, the atmosphere. Really cool. I want to linger there and hang out in the local, neighborhood-y vibe they are trying to accomplish. Experiences with the tall gentleman greeter is great. However, the reception from the rest of the staff is a bit off-putting. There is a bar guy whom I've never seen crack a smile. The other staff appear more than a little intimidated by him. It's created a weird vibe in there. 
Third, the service. I don't know where to begin. I had really high hopes given the perception that this would be a neighborhood joint. But the three different times we have been there it has been BAD. The one experience that stands out the most is when my husband and I went there for lunch. We ordered the Brigid's burger. The menu states -- this is from the official website -- "Toppings $1 each - fried egg, aged cheddar, gorgonzola, bacon, sharp provolone, roasted mushrooms, caramelized onions, long hot pepper relish". So I ordered one with caramelized onions. Also asked for tomato, lettuce. We got charged $1 for caramelized onions, $1 tomatoes, $1 lettuces. The $12 burger which should've been $13 got upgraded to $15. I'm not arguing about paying $2 but I've NEVER had to pay for tomatoes and lettuces on a burger. Never. I pointed it out to the waitress who then went to the manager twice and told that is that's the policy. She appeared terrified (perhaps some external pressure from above). Then after the second time, she "offered" to take $1 off the bill. It's not the money but the actual experience that was SO VERY off putting. I mean. Really. $2 for lettuce and tomato to go along with a burger. I don't know. It was something real shady, not nice and totally weird. I want to go back. I do. But the last time was so unpleasant.I could've been nitpicky over a few things and given it a 4, but the food here was just so overwhelmingly delicious that I had to throw it a bone...especially since I plan on returning within like less than a week.
The minor complaints, to get them out of the way: Only one server for everyone during the dinner rush on a Thursday night, so ordering appetizers after he dropped our drinks or getting the check took quite some time (not his fault at all, since again, he was the only one staffed at the time).  Appetizers came out quick but entrees took a long time (but worth the wait!).  And the toppings on my burger were just okay - so again, minor stuff.
Now, to what you care about.  The FOOD:
1) Gratis, before the meal: Flavorful bread with a soft lemony cheese olive oil for dipping. Scrumptious.
2) Appetizer: Fried calamari.  Literally the best I've ever had.  I know I say this a lot, but I actually mean it this time.  I have never had a more flavorful, perfectly cooked piece of fried calamari before (with a great dipping sauce, too).  Not one piece was chewy.  Bliss.
3) Salad: Sharp arugula and goat cheese (I believe) in a really great acidic dressing.  My aunt ordered this before her meal and it was so large we ended up all splitting it and combining it with the calamari. 
4) Entrees: Spaghetti & meatballs, build-your-own-burger & Tuscan fries, and the pappardelle with pork & golden raisins that was on special that night.  
The spaghetti & meatballs were just the right portion and, according to my aunt, the sauce was super delicious and the pasta was fresh & homemade.  
The pappardelle was delicious- really homey and stick-to-your-ribs with a nice, sweet sauce.  I was skeptical of the golden raisins when I tried it, but it made so much sense.  
The burger was an absolute perfect medium and the meat blend of short rib was unlike any other burger I've ever had, with a nice seasoning and served on a  brioche bun that held up to the weight of the monstrous burger (it was a HUGE patty).  I opted for bacon and a fried egg as my toppings (and somehow totally forgot about cheese- still kicking myself!)  The egg wasn't yolky and the bacon was not crispy- but those fries made up for it.  Everyone at my table kept picking off my plate, they were that good.  Very crispy and smothered in a balsamic glaze, aioli and grilled squash, peppers and onions.  Probably my favorite part of the meal (after the calamari, of course).  The burger was pretty expensive after the a la carte additions and upgrade to Tuscan fries ($18 to be exact), but the sheer size of it with those amazing fries makes it worth it.
5) Dessert: Tiramisu (BF said it was the best he ever had) and the mascarpone cheesecake with blueberries - very light with a delicious almond graham crust.
Before tip, for 4 people with 1 salad, 1 app, 4 entrees, 2 desserts and 4 beers (they have a decent beer selection), it came to $130.  Not too shabby for a cozy atmosphere and delicious homecooked food.  Will be back.I'll do one of those rating breakdowns here that other people do.
Food: 3
Service: 5
Saving My Pie: 100000000; Gold Star; High Five; Happiness For Days
A friend and I walked in Saturday night and ordered sandwiches. Also was happy to see the Brooklyn Sorachi Ace saison on their draft list. While there, I put my bag holding a slice of precious pie under the seat and said, "Don't let me forget this!"
My Nemico burger was okay. I probably wouldn't get it again -- it just wasn't my thing. Way too balsamicy. I also could see Bridgid's benefiting from a menu overhaul. The bar and dining room just have two completely different vibes (neighborhood pub at the bar; dark, cozy dining room serving Italian food), and it would be so great if they would meld better. I'm Irish and Italian myself, but... I don't think I'd make me into a restaurant very well, if that makes sense.
Anyway, so after dinner, I picked up my to-go box and left.
An hour or so later, I was sitting at home with my friend and screamed in realization that I had forgotten my pie under the seat! I instantly called and concisely described where I had been sitting. They said they'd check and call me back. Two seconds later, they called to let me know that they had secured my pie! The night was saved.
I mean, this was butterscotch bourbon pie from Magpie. I had been cradling it around all day. It's great pie. I would have been devastated if it had been lost! I wish I had taken the bartender's name so I could thank him again in this review! I was just so relieved to be reunited with my pie. It's really, really great pie.
Bridgid's is a nice place in the neighborhood. I'll be back.We found this place thru Yelp and wow!  Small place with lots of character. The bread with lemon ricotta was amazing... I had the crab cakes with ricotta and roasted corn.  It was fab. B enjoyed the ribeye. I tasted the mushroom Demi and it was perfection. We even indulged in dessert... Tiramisu and Budino. Both were over the top. If you are are anywhere near the museum of art this place is a must do!One of my neighborhood favorites! Great menu from Peter McAndrews, good Belgian beer selection, and good social bar atmosphere. The lemon ricotta olive oil and bread that comes with dinner is awesome. Oh, and they have gluten free bread if you need it!I have eaten here twice and would give it almost 4 starts.  The beer selection is good.  The food, though, is only a bit better than mediocre and a bit expensive for what you get.  I tied the fish and chips the first time, which was tasty but price at $15.  Still, this is a decent place to grab food and a drink.We went with no reservation - just saw it and went in. It was the most delicious food I've had (besides what I make, of course) EVER. Seriously - I don't know where to begin to describe how this place hit the bullseye. We had the meatball and french fry appetizers and shared a steak for dinner. It was perfect. We'll be back, for sure.With my fiance turning 30 this year, I wanted to throw him a surprise party to celebrate. With Bridgid's being one of his favorite places in the city, they were definitely on my list of places to look into having a party there. The have a space upstairs that can be used for private parties. It's nothing too fancy, but it was perfect for what I was after. It has a few tables, a small tv, fireplace and it's own bar set up. Perfect for my guest list of about 30. Once I decided I definitely wanted to use the space, Dan (the manager there), helped me every step along the way. We started off meeting about 6 months out (because I'm type A and need every detail to be perfect) and Dan helped me create my idea of the perfect party for my fiance. He helped create a custom menu, custom draft list, and even helped me to decorate the space the way I wanted it. Every detail down to how I was going to get him upstairs was worked out with the staff at Brigid's. Melissa was in charge of running the party on the night of. She did an absolutely amazing job. She ran up and down the stairs a 100 times getting everyone drinks and she didn't even break a sweat. She kept me informed of where my tab was, made sure the music and room temperature was perfect, and helped to determine the perfect time to bring out the cake. The flow of the party was perfect. All in all everything was taken care of and handled wonderfully. Thank you Brigid's for making this party a wonderful 30th birthday surprise.Great neighborhood bar with an impressive beer list, a super nice staff-- I think Brooke was our bartender & she was awesome-- and delicious food! We got free fresh baked bread with a scrumptious ricotta cheese & lemon olive oil spread which was a pleasant surprise, and our food came out pretty quickly for the tail end of happy hour on a Thursday. The pasta I ordered was perfectly done & my husbands burger looked melt in your mouth good. We pretty much licked our plates clean. We'll be back esp during happy hour again!!Back again for dinner - love that there are always new beers on tap, even if I have just been in a few days ago. This time I went for the wedge salad and the pierogies and both were excellent.I frequent this family owned spot for the cocktails, and sandwiches like the burger, which is really great. The pork cutlet sandwich is also delicious and always comes out crispy. 
The wings are extremely good, and if you disagree then we have a fundamentally different idea of what wings should taste and feel like, and we will have to simply agree to disagree about wings entirely. Moving on. 
My favorite cocktails so far are the "Barrel Aged" (which may or may not have legit Absinthe in it, I'm not sure!) and the Pomegranate Margarita. And if you like Manhattans and Old Fashioned's you're at the right bar. 
Note: I haven't tried to pasta or the cheesecake yet but both look good, and I asked a couple about the cheesecake and they said that I definitely should order it.Shut up and eat! Such a great concept. At Bridgid's M-F 11-12 (I think??) pay $5 and get a delicious treat from the chef... As in half an awesome herb chicken! So glad I bumped into this place! Nice atmosphere too! Great beer, yummy food... Enough said.What can I say that has not already been said about this place?!  I have been there now for dinner and brunch and on both occasions the food was fantastic especially brunch my eggs Benedict was perfect as well as my spicy bloody Mary.  They have a fantastic beer and the whole place and staff is just very chill and relaxed.  Love this place and cant wait to go back again!After eating at the many iterations of Brigid's in the past, I can attest that this is the best version so far.  The beer and wine lists are pretty much the same, which is a good thing, but the food upgrade is really impressive.  The new menu definitely fills a gap in the neighborhood for higher-end italian food that is more than a step above Angelino's.  The menu also has some interesting options for those who want to veer away from pasta and red sauce.  Most options are fairly heavy but I did have a bouillabaisse that was on the lighter side (if you don't count that it was served with grilled bread with aioli on it) and I did spot 2 salads on the menu.  My fellow diners enjoyed the bucatini, shepherd's pie and steak frites they ordered. Also, the complimentary homemade bread and ricotta served prior to our meal was excellent. Really glad that Brigid's stepped up its game to be competitive with the burgeoning food scene in Fairmount.So Brigid's is under new management and I stopped by for a bite and was pleasantly surprised. My dry cider was delicious, and my drink order was taken right away, all service was courteous and very prompt! My burger was good but it was more well than medium the fries were crispy, the best part of this dish by far was the ketchup, it had some smoke and a little kick!  It was also happy hour so $4 drafts and my burger was also off of the happy hour menu. Overall it was nice, the place also got a little facelift with a coat of paint, new tables, chairs and light fixtures. There is also a really cool chalk board wall in the back of the restaurant. 
Atmosphere 
Service 
Food ... still need to try moreGreat food!! Good beer selection and super
Friendly staff! What more to ask for a local place I can walk to? 
Definitely recommend to stop by!I really enjoyed my dinner here. It's full of locals, which is a nice change of pace from a lot of other places in the neighborhood. We came at 7PM on a Friday night and were seated right away downstairs. The food was delicious (we had a skate wing and scallops croquette special appetizer, fettucine arriabata special, pappardelle, and budino for dessert) and the service was fast and attentive. I'll definitely be back!!This is one of our favorite local spots.  The food and drinks are great, topped off with exceptional service.  They have a tasting menu that is probably the best deal in the city.When my wife and I moved to Fairmount we were looking forward to trying out all the restaurants in the new neighborhood.  We started with Brigid's because it was the closest, and then we didn't bother to go anywhere else for about six months, because the food is great and the prices were good. 
"Hey, should we try that place on 23rd Street?"  "Nah, let's just go to Brigid's."  "Okay!"
They also have an excellent beer selection.  Even my wife found something to drink there, and she hates beer.Fantastic food. Service is great and the staff is friendly. We are so lucky to have this place in our neighborhood.Ever since Peter McAndrews took over the menu this place jumped up a notch. Food is definitely 5 stars considering you're at a small neighborhood bar. However the beers are overpriced and the bar can get cramped which keeps us from coming often.I heart Bridgids, and not only because I live a scant half a block away. I debate, however, because I wish it was bigger (and hence, not so crowded when there are more than 4 people at the bar) but if it was bigger, then there would be more people there. 
I've only eaten here once - we ordered the farmhouse mussels (with bacon!) and the tilapia fish tacos. The mussels were solid - not the best I've ever had but still pretty good.The tacos come with a little ramekin of gazpacho and the combo was v. yummy. They were light but satisfying and the spice had enough of a kick without making your mouth numb.
Clearly, an impressive beer selection considering the size of the place. No question I'll be back many times over.Good Food, Just not built for fat people, or ethnic People. I sense a little racist things, because we are black we didn't order an appetizer because we are cheap, when really, we just didn't WANT one because the food is enough...and We didn't want desert because I am diabetic and my friends were full....It's not like that every time, just when I go with my Friends, when I go with my parents they don't roll their eyes and stuff. My one girl is OVERWEIGHT and they put us in a tight corner, that restaurant is nothing but tight cornersBridgid's is petit Italian restaurant/bar tucked in the residential neighbordhood of Philly. They have a good and extensive drink selection but the service was a little off. This is a pretty low-key bar with patrons that are mostly couples and people in their 30s-40s. Food-wise, the $12 pasta dishes were great. The orichiette was absolutely phenomenal but the fries were inedibly SALTY and the coffee was awfully COLD. Overall, great pasta but underwhelming service and boring bar scene.We were lucky enough to walk in at a time when there was was exactly one table for two available. The service was a little slow because they seemed to only have about two waitresses for the whole restaurant, but we weren't in a rush. 
We almost ordered the $30 4-course tasting menu, but the waitress said it would take at least two hours and was a lot of food, so we decided not to. We had the calamari, and it was ok. Nothing special, and a little chewy. I had the tortelloni appetizer and that was delicious, with a great marinara sauce. I liked my entree A LOT. It was two trout fillets on top of a bed of really well-cooked and not bitter spinach, and it was all topped with almond slivers and artichokes. It was very buttery and decadent. 
My boyfriend said that his steak was pretty good, and the potato pancake under it was tasty, but that the whole thing was too greasy. This place likes butter.PAESANO BURGER IS BACK!!!!!
Cheer! Rejoice! All is well in the world!
Bridgids has always been good for beer and atmosphere.  Food used to be good (mmm hot dog mac & cheese), then it wasn't very good for a few years....
Now it's good beer + good atmosphere + delicious food.
Why drive to Norther Liberties when you can walk to Bridgids?!hi my name is chef P Ramos and i have  alot to say about Bridgid's restaurant, i am really picky were i go to eat. 
thank god my wife chose this place to eat, this  little gem of a place has one of the finest foods i have ever tasted,
 iam not a bar person although i have been to other bar restaurants this place is by far the best!!!!!
  i traveled to other countries and all over the united states  and have eaten in many well known bar restaurants  and left disappointed
. well  7 of us set out to our little adventure to Philadelphia and before we went to eastern state penitentiary
 we had reservations at Bridgids as soon as we went in everyone was friendly we all placed our orders with a wonderful beautiful enthusiastic  waitress named Brook she helped us all with our orders.
 she  made many great suggestions to us because the section was really good and we would of ordered all of them each , BRook our waitress has a great passion for food and has a lot of knowledge on the food they sell.i was very impressed with her.
believe me when i tell you it takes a lot to impress me a pretty face is not one of them to impress me, you have to be good at what you do and personality is one of them
.well then the food comes out everything looked awesome our mouths were drooling over the food and we haven't even tasted it yet ,
bite after bite every one on the table stared to share  some of us who are not daring even tasted the other food,
i have to say the food left me speechless what passion and love that goes into the food the chef just puts his heart and soul into the food and its an explosion of flavors that shocks your brain and palette.
the price of the food was well worth it.thank god they are not in new york we would have to pay triple the price from great food like this... very reasonable price
George  is another great guy there he greet you like you are a regular everyone at Bridgid's made me a happy chef   my whole group was more than happy we all left there very impressed.they take pride  in their food and service everyone  there should be very proud of themselves.
they are so good i put this place on my group page i will be back there to eat again when ever i go to Philadelphia
                                                                    yours truly
                                                                                   CHEF P RAMOS
https://www.facebook.com/ontou?fref=nfStopped in for sandwiches and beers last week at the bar. The food menu never fails to impress. If your looking for a great app or pasta dish you'll find plenty here, but the bar food is equally good. The nemico burger and porcheta sandwich were both decadent and tasty. I'd put the burger up against any burger in the city. Beer list is always good with some rarer drafts always making an appearance.Stopped here after reading about some changes with the food. I must say everything we had was awesome. The Cicchetti we had were all great, little plates of huge flavors. I would like to go back and just order them all. The octopus starter was good as well, though could have possibly used a little more char. We tried two pastas and they were mindblowing (the cannelloni and the mushroom ravioli). I guess there's not too much useful information in this review but I wanted to get the opinion out there that I like the direction the kitchen is taking and they should keep on doing it.Head straigth for Bridgid's! I have been here several times and have never been disappointed. Best beer selection in the City with great service. Pick a night, any night and you will have a great experience.Was pleasantly surprised with this place.  My girlfriend and I have passed by many times as it just looked like another pub that serves food.  When you first walk in, you are greeted with a bar, so we quickly turned and went to figs.  Well, finally our curiosity got the best of us and we decided to give it a shot.  One of the best decisions we have made in Philly.  I had the rabbit dish and, although it was spicy, it was not overpowering.  A couple of duvels later and I was good to go.  All for less than 75 bucks for 2.  Great bargin, great food.  We will be back.  Also try to get Brooke as your server.  She steered us in all of the right directions.Love the shabby, hap-hazzard ambiance, the great beer selection, and fantastic food. Have been loving this place for more than 15 years.One of my favorite finds in the Fairmount neighborhood. Have been here multiple times, and each time my friends and we never leave disappointed. 
On our first visit, we randomly stumbled on Bridgid's on a night when Peter McAndrews was there. The odd mix of an irish pub decor and phenomenal Italian cuisine works. Everything we tried on the menu that night worked, except the octopus appetizer. 
 We have been back again and again. I do agree with some of the other reviewers, that the quality has slipped a bit since my first visit. However, compared to the other options in the neighborhood, you cannot go wrong with Brigid's if you are looking for solid portions, decent prices and a non-trendy feel.Simply a solid, neighborhood bar. It's not too hip, not to fancy, it's just a great place to go if you want to relax and get a beer. The beer list is not extensive but offers a great selection of local and a few other domestic beers (bottles and draft).Great food!  Pasta is as good as it gets and made fresh.   Great choices and good bar food also.    Always a good selection of beer on tap.  Staff is attentive and knowledgeable.  Best part  is the horseshoe bar where you can sit across from one another and have good conversation.We've been here a couple of times after Peter mcandrews revived the menu.  However, as he stepped out of the picture, the quality has gone substantially downhill. 
On our trip there last week, there were many issues.  The first meatball was clearly uncooked in the middle and the server argued with me. The pate was meh.  The porchetta was over cooked, dry, and way under seasoned. The burger was over seared. The service, while pretty good on the first couple of trips, was terrible.  No bread was brought, had to ask twice for bread for the pâté. Multiple requests for is rinks and ketchup and salad dressing.  
It may have been a one off bad night, but it has been steadily going down hill over the past months.  It is too bad because it was so exciting to have some new good Italian in the neighborhood after l'oca closed.We aren't from the Philadelphia area, but we were visiting the Art Mueseum and wanted to fine a restaurant close by. From Yelp reviews, we decided on this place. 
The restaurant itself is rather small with a narrow hall leading to the actual dining area secluded from the bar. It was about 95 degrees outside and the back of the restaurant was MUCH hotter than the front. 
The service was okay. Nobody was rude, but they were also not incredible. The water on the 95 degree had no ice and the AC in the back room wasn't even turned on. 
Now to the food... I got the chicken sandwich and it was really good. I also got the Tuscan fries which were also amazing. My girlfriend got a burger that she enjoyed and was pretty big. 
Overall it was a decent experience, but for me, service/ambiance is just as important as the actual food itself.I once accidentally set fire to a menu in this place. They were really nice about it. If you can set fire in a restaurant and people are still nice to you, that's usually a good sign.
One of my best friends lives pretty close to here and it's one of my favorite places to eat when I go to visit her. It's nice and homey, incredibly reasonably priced, and the service is always fantastic. The food is tasty, even if the wine list is a bit small.
I was here on New Years day - nothing like a martini, a hearty steak, and a bottle of wine to shake out the cobwebs from over-indulgence. And once again a wonderful experience. And our waiter was HOT - he looked like one of the guys from B.R.M.C. - and nice. And flirting with me. If my 'special friend' weren't there with me, I most certainly would've taken him home. Because my New Years resolution is to be more of a slut.Delicious food. Good drink specials. Awesome bartender. All in all, a fantastic new find for me! I will definitely be returning over and over again. We started off with the snails (yes, snails, the first time I've ever had them..) which I was skeptical of, but they were sooo good! Then I had a burger that seemed to be from another world. Some kind of duck prosciutto or something with a creamy cheese and some sort of fruity-tasting jam....I know, I know, sounds weird, but my god was it good. Not to mention it was cooked perfectly. My mouth is watering thinking about it now, good thing I saved the other half of it for dinner tonight! My bestie got spaghetti and meatballs, which also was super yummy. I literally cannot wait to come back here. Side note, I heart my new neighborhood.The food was great. Lots of different takes on regular dishes. Our server Angel was awesome & patient with us since we were so indecisive. He offered his opinion & made great recommendations.  Definitely try the Tuscan fries they were amazing!