I'm a really picky eater - we ate a bunch of disgusting stuff here that I don't like and I loved EVERY bite. Amazing. :)Went here on a rainy Tuesday evening. Comfortable sized crowd, excellent wait staff. Food was unique and wonderful. Pizza is marvelous and small plates very creative and tasty. Especially like the octopus and the beet salad. Nice wine list, but it needs a bit of translation.The food was delicious, but the experince was lacking in a few areas. The menue is extensive, and could benefit from being smaller (It's much longer than online). Each item has a mile long ingredient list, so it takes a long time to figure out what you want. It is very interesting and full of unusual combinations and ingredients that are otherwise hard to find such as sea urchin, and pollen.
The pizza was good, on par with Nomad, but with more unusual ingredients. The service was spot on. They were very fast, made great suggestions, and were experts at filling water glasses in the tight space. I loved my beer, and there was a long list of others that I would like to try.
There are a few things to be warned about. The first is that the seating was very tight. The upstairs looks spacious at first, but then my party of two was seated next to another party of two who's table was under 6 inches away. If you have 4 people this place will probably work out fine, but in my case we felt awkward, especially when we found out that we had become part of their birthday dinner. It also become's very loud upstairs, so if your dinidn companion is hard of hearing this isn't the place for you. I like smaller portions, but when we ordered a half order of one of the pasta dishes it came out laughable size on a bread plate.I had a reservation for 7 and arrived about 10 mins early. The table wasn't ready yet so the hostess politely asked if we'd want to sit at the bar for a few minutes. The bar was full so our small group was seated at the chef's counter in the rear of the restaurant, in front of full place settings, with our backs to the bar and all facing in one direction. It was a little odd and kind of uncomfortably awkward. I would have preferred to have just stood near the bar to be honest.
After being served our cocktails we were escorted to the 2nd floor dining room. Brigantessa is small--as are most offerings in the East Passyunk area--so this was expected but the very plain and uninspired 2nd floor setting leaves a lot to be desired in terms of atmosphere.
The specials all sounded thoughtfully conceived and they inspired me to go for the two small plates route instead of one entree. The special small plate was a wood-grilled quail and it was small but excellent. In addition, I also ordered the wood-grilled prawns, chickpea mash with olio verde. This was sub-par. The prawns were pretty small, somewhat dry and very basic.
In lieu of dessert we went with another round of drinks and I enjoyed a decent port.
Our service was excellent and the final bill ended up being a smidgen over $50pp which felt to be a fair price.I had read great reviews of this place and wanted to try it out. The place is has an upstairs and downstairs. The downstairs is the bar area and of course the upstairs is the main dining room. We were seated and right behind us was a room length counter top /buffet top piled with bread baskets, dishes, glasses and bread that was served to you at the table. The servers would go behind us and fill out the bread baskets, olive oil dishes to bring to the table which seemed out of place, just not right for the type of place. The table received a bread basket and 1 olive oil dish that I must say was not enough to feed all people. We were waiting on some friends to arrive so we decided to try some appetizers or as they called it Spuntini. These are very small dishes in case you are wondering, they are NOT considered appetizers. Oven roasted olives, fagioli al forno , wood -grilled octopus and percorino del parco were ordered and shared, I can tell you please do not order these small plates if you want more than one bite. There is not more than one bite per persons of 4. Of course we had wine the choice of beverage, we decided on the house Sangiovese house carafe. The carafe was not filled rather is was half full. The pours of wine are extremely small. The carafe only provided 4 short pours which total 2 good pours of wine. As for dinner, I chose the wood fire pizza, I was carving this since I had not had a wood fire pizza since Italy 2008. What a disappointment. The pizza was a good size just like Napoli, but the dough was not cooked long enough. The center was like soft bread instead of the beautiful black charred spotted crust you should get. The flavor of the sauce was nothing to shout about, it was bland. Other in our group order a 2 pasta dishes and lamb dish. The pasta dish again, was on the extreme small portion side, like an appetizer plate. They actually asked for more bread because they were still hungry. And the Lamb don't even get me started, it was 5 thin slices of meat in a little sliver metal dish. My opinion, and I know this is what it is, don't even think about it...............run, run far away and choose another Italian restaurant in the area. Whoever wrote the glorious review must have mistaken this one for another or needs to retire from writing restaurant reviews. I will not be returning.I had a really great time, and I'm glad to see this place in the Passyunk Square neighborhood.  It's a huge step up from its predecessor, Karina's, which wasn't good and a huge eyesore. We made reservations and said we were celebrating a special occasion, and upon finishing our meal our server comped us some excellent cannoli. This fare is VERY traditional Southern Italian. No fusion cuisine here, and thank god.
The Good: The food is delicious and authentic, the ambiance and decor are updated but still have an "old country" vibe, the staff is super friendly and accommodating, and the food (yes, twice) is that good. 
The Bad: Pretty minimal, you may get a bit of sticker shock at first, but it's worth it. The place can be a bit cramped downstairs and upstairs, and a bit noisy upstairs. They don't serve beers in pint glasses, which weirds me out, but whatever. Also, this place is newish, and it seems like they're still working out some staff kinks. I'm sure they'll get there. 
The Ugly: None. There's nothing about Brigantessa that screams stay away. This may be a great spot for a date, for a few drinks, for a pizza, or to hang out with friends. It's probably not the kind of place to have a quiet, intimate dinner with a few family members.
The Babby: if you have a kid, that's cool. this is one of those places where the atmosphere changes with the time/day. if you're going with a kid i would recommend the upstairs dining room at the start of dinner service. if you're upstairs between 5:00-7:00 you'll be mostly alone, or dining with other folks in the same family dining situation.While I love everything about and on Passyunk, this place stands out! The reason it didn't get 4 stars is bc the staff wasn't as knowledgeable as they should be. We went early on a Wednesday on a cold, windy day so we were one of the few folkx there--I would have expected the servers to at least pretend to have some suggestions or give a #%^*. 
The pizza was the obvious star. I wasn't as impressed wth other items. If you want pasta, consider a Philly pasta mainstay. But if you want pizza with gooey cheese, sauce perfection, and crust that's good all by it's self. Do this! 
I like pizza that has a crunchy crust, that thin water line at the center (from all the tomato juice), and big bursts of basil. This pizza fit all my favorite things about pizza.Brigtessa has a lot to offer. I recently went here for the first time with a large group to celebrate a friend's birthday and they could not have been more accommodating. I had to change the reservation a couple of times, I always feel bad doing this but they made it seem as if it wasn't a big deal. So before I even had a meal here I had a good taste in my mouth! 
The food was traditional Italian, I just got back from Italy earlier this month and Brigtessa brought me back as soon as I was handed the menu. I ordered the longhots and grilled calamari and a  pre.  They were delicious, the longhots very hot but that is how I like em. Calamari came on a dark hummus with plenty of dough for dipping. I saved a longhot for when my Pizza came to add on top . For the main I ordered the Stella with the stuffed crust, BOOM! Great experience Ill be coming back later this month!I am a little late providing this review in light of the holiday season but I really wanted to provide some information on this little gem from E Passyunk.
Brigantessa continues to provide beautifully prepared, creative dishes based on solid old-world recipes.  The pizzas here are some of the best, tastiest pies I've had and I would rank them as one of the best in Philadelphia.  The wild boar tagliatelle on the list of specials was excellent and the pasta was perfectly al dente.  The service is gracious and attentive.
The wines are all reasonably priced, which we appreciate.  The bartender was excellent and very knowledgable.  The list of after-dinner drinks was extensive and we got to try different amari on our visit.
I recommend sitting at the bar and dining.  It makes for a fantastic date night and for great people-watching!Brigantessa is my favorite place to eat fancy pizza. I think about their pizza all the time. I love the bell prosciutto pizza. It is so delicious. It is beautiful inside and the wait staff are so nice. I can't remember the one guy's name, but he has a beard and blondish short hair and a happy face and he is very nice. I do think the pizzas have been getting smaller, which makes me sad. But it is still the best pizza I've ever had.My husband and I dined at Brigantessa on NYE before going to a party. Our criteria were essentially a restaurant in the East Passyunk area that accepted reservations, wouldn't break the bank or leave us in a food coma. 
I would have to disagree with a lot of the Yelpers, and even our server, about the sizing of the portions. My husband and I went in planning to split a pizza and a pasta, then ended up adding an appetizer in fear of going hungry. When all was said and done, between the bread, appetizer (Panecotto, broccoli rabe, cannellini beans, garlic, cruschi peppers, pecorino, olive oil), pizza (Bel'prosciutto- buffalo mozzarella, arugula, prosciutto, Parmigiano Reggiano) and pasta (Rigatoni "Genovese," braised onions, veal breast, parmigiano reggiano), we almost walked out with leftovers. 
The service was a little slow, but all is forgiven on one of the biggest dining nights of the year. We were planning on ordering a carafe of wine, but our server recommended a bottle of better quality wine at the same price point. 
The main dining room is upstairs, and while there are high-top tables by the bar, please keep this in mind if anyone in your party has challenges with stairs. The dining room was very cozy and we enjoyed our view of the house/side street next door, however not so much the chatter of the two diners next to us. What can ya do? 
The food itself was enjoyable but in a city full of Italian joints, nothing to write home about. Our dinner at Brigantessa served its purpose, but I wouldn't seek it out to go back. I also wouldn't mind going back under the right circumstances.Although still experiencing some growing pains, Brigantessa is rightfully attracting attention for their transformative pizzas.  A Neapolitan pizza is a humble dish in its native country, but to most Americans, it is a gourmet product, almost esoteric to those not familiar with the mechanics of the pie.  As a follower of the Neapolitan way, I fell head over heels for the Regina, which deserves the highest marks for simple ingredients (sweet buffalo mozzarella, tangy piennolo tomatoes, and a hint of basil) that delivers fine and complete flavors.  The first order delivered a perfectly "leoparded" and risen crust with a soft, delicate middle of swimming tomatoes and cheese.  However, I am hesitant to drop a five-star review because upon a second visit, the Regina was a tad undercooked (no "leoparding") and I noticed that the dense crust was particulary doughy and the middle slightly drowning in tomato juices.  Also, a few more basil leaves would allow for a fragrant pie.  Aside from the spicy wood-fired prawns, I was left unimpressed with the spuntini selection (e.g., oily roasted Brussels sprouts and limp carrots).  The hot and sour rustichella black spaghetti with wonderfully tender octopus was a strong rebound from the starters, and I'm anxious to try the porcini-filled chestnut quadrucci when it returns to the menu.  One last (and hopefully productive) note--there is a difference between cozy, intimate dining and sitting in near dark.  Our table found it difficult to actually view our dishes by candlelight, and there was a patron behind me who actually used her cellphone's flashlight to read the menu.  However, even with a few missteps, Brigantessa is growing and thriving with their Neapolitan pizza program, and deservedly so.There were some hits and some misses on the menu, but overall, the place is a nice addition to EPA.  I thought it was great that their draft list contained some Italian imports just to give a little variety in our beer loving city.  I was a little disappointed with both the brussel sprouts and octopus, as I thought they were both relatively plain and lacked any distinctive tastes.  The duck rillete dish was fantastic, the highlight of the appetizer round in my opinion.  My wife was in love with the prawns, which served our party of four nicely.  We ordered a pizza for each couple and this was truly where Brigantessa shined.  The style of pizza is crispy and light all at the same time with perfect combinations of toppings.  I think the menu will only continue to improve and although it may be an expensive "pizza" restaurant, the vibe throughout made this place warm and inviting.Friendly staff, fast service. Pork ragu very nice with freshly made pasta. Pizza also delicious with hint of lemon. Only downside was the seating. We assumed we'd be sat upstairs as we'd booked ahead, but we were seated on a downstairs table on backless bar stools. Not very comfortable, so make sure you specify an upstairs table.Inattentive, unfocused and not paying attention to the details. We came in on a Sunday at 2 pm when, while, the E Passyunk Fest was going on it was quiet inside. The four of us sat at the bar and immediately said we were ordering food and wine. We wanted to try each rose by the glass before ordering a bottle, but were told we had to wait for clean glasses. 10 minutes later, we achieved success. We ordered our wine and  pizzas and began our 40 minute wait.  And waited and no communication.  When we saw a new person at the bar and asked who she was, she identified herself as the manager and we told her about our problem.  She promised us pizzas in three minutes and gave us some fried Brussels sprouts (tasty).  Our pizza arrived about 10 minutes later, somewhat undercooked but there.  When we told her it was undercooked she told us that in Naples the pizza is chewy. I get that. Two of us have been to Naples and have eaten pizza. This was just not done and we told her that. They gave us a 10% discount.  Bummed.  With so many good choices in Philly, we won't be back.Definitely a quality place and an amazing addition to Passyunk, over the past 2ish years I have watched Passyunk transform into one of the best places in the city for restaurants and it's awesome. We went to Brigantessa with a group of 6 and that allowed us to pretty much ordered everything which I love. I am just going to run through a few highlights but just know that we never found anything that we didn't like. The Spuntini is more like tapas, they are small plates that are meant to be shared, the the wood roasted long hots and the fermented baby eel were definitely the highlights for me, most people might shy away from the eel but I always like to branch out and try something new. Pretty much everything on the Antipasti portion of the menu is fantastic but the octopus and the tuna belly were just outstanding. We did 4 pizzas and I went with a special pizza that had shrimp and feta and a few other things on it. READ THIS, at Brigantessa they do not cut the pizza, they will come and cut it for you at the table if you would like but this style of pizza is meant to be torn when you eat it. Please do not write any reviews complaining about this because they tell you up front when you are ordering. The pasta is also legit, they do an al dente pasta which some people like so just be aware that is how it will come out. The prices are on par with other nice restaurants in the area and we will definitely go to Brigantessa again. Loved it.Food is okey. Service is great. Looks is lacking! Pretty noisy with sounds of dishes and cutlery!I'm sad to write a not so great review of Brigantessa. My boyfriend and I are Le Virtu loyalists and couldn't wait for the opening of the new restaurant. We went opening week.
Best part of our dinner was out bottle of wine: Alcesti Isola dei Profumi IGT (Sicilia)
We ordered two small plates: the Pizza Fritta and the Octopus Dish. I liked the Pizza Fritta- the ricotta and sage was warm and delicious. As many other reviewers have noted, the octopus dish is a real low point. My boyfriend leaned across the table and asked me if he had ordered the wrong dish. There was virtually no octopus in the dish, just beans. It should have appeared on the menu as Beans first, with octopus listed last in the ingredients.
We had a Regina pizza so that we could try to housemade cheese and the imported tomatoes. These tomatoes were juicy and fruity- really delicious but desperately in need of a touch of salt or something to brighten them. The sauce and cheese together just became bland. We did like the style of the crust and look forward to trying another pizza again.I spent a solid hour doing online research to find the perfect pizza in Philly, and came up with Brigantessa as a contender.  We put on our shoes and walked to Passyunk to find this cute little neighborhood spot.  We ordered two pies and split- the sausage ricotta pizza (which had a cheese STUFFED crust) and the margherita pizza.  They were both hot and delicious, and tasted like we should have been eating them on the Italian Riviera.  We took a few pieces home and they were equally good the next day.  If it's crowded, you can opt to sit at the bar in the back- great spot to watch them prepare the pizzas.My mother-in-law treated us to dinner at the newly open Briganetessa to celebrate my recent birthday. We were easily able to get a reservation on Opentable.com for Sunday evening at 7:30pm for our party of three--which I was a bit surprised about until we got inside! The renovation of our old favorite (Karina's) included a second story dining room with ample seating (including presumably larger parties). Admittedly, there were few (if any) tables on the first floor that could accommodate 3 guests--and if I were dining as a party of two I would eagerly request the first floor space (for all the smells and fun kitcheny things to look at).
I was most excited to try Brigantessa equally because of our recent month in Italy (and still not feeling like it was enough!) and the ability to order "wine on tap"! I am a sparkling wine kinda girl (with prosecco as my all time favorite) so I went head first into ordering their bubbly option. My husband and his Mom are beer connoisseurs and although I am not sure what they ordered I know they enjoyed their selections.
I was not incredibly impressed with the first glass of house sparkling wine but the second (non-daft) option was better--but pricey. 
The food we ordered was delicious but I have to dock points for portion size. I don't know many Italians who would be impressed by the dollar to spoonfull ratio which was disappointing to say the least. Brussels sprouts dish consisted of 7 sprouts cut lengthwise was friggin tasty but ultimately a bit hard to stomach at $9. We also had some amazing cheese and honey and salady things, but, again, only one or two bites per person. I can't remember now exactly what they were because the only thing I took away from the situation was that I--literally--wanted more. The pizza was good but, again, small. Cue food snobs here: "what did you expect", right? I don't know. To be full after $200+ for 3 people?
The most absurd part (and then I will end my rant) was $30 for 3 gelatos. Yes. You read that right. And although it was good, I will hardly say that it seemed worth it. I guess I just don't know how so many people can afford to eat here. Personally I was relieved (and guilt-ridden) that when the bill came Mom was the one footing it. And I'm practically 30. Oof. 
Overall this is definitely a quality over quantity meal. You might want to rob a bank and eat a bowl of cereal on your way there. Or figure out how to expense it! (P.S. If you do any of those things please invite me with you because it WAS delicious)I'll review food below (which you should read bc it was delicious) but holy shit do they need to get their act together about reservations. You'll see other reviews mention poor table planning and reservations schedule. Listen to them. Like seriously, this was obvious seating time mismanagement. If you make a reservation for here, expect to budget in an extra hour of time because they do not know how to freaking run a hostess stand. I feel like I'm ranting but their freaking manager needs to read this and get a professional to teach them how to set up their reservation system. 
Okay rant done. Now hear about this awesome food. They would get four stars at the least if they knew how to run a freaking restaurant. Anyway, the shaved fennel and arugula salad was just a perfect balance of excellent olive oil with a light tang from the tossed citrus. The Regina Pizza is like a luxury Margherita and the tomatoes so sooooooo worth it. How can a tomato be so good?!? 
So yeah, the food is fantastic but expect to wait even if you have reservations.Dined at 7 pm on a Sunday evening. It was full on arrival and did not experience any service issues others have mentioned. It's a two story townhouse with bar, wood oven for pizza, and a couple of small tables downstairs and regular tables upstairs. The waiters had to go up and down the stairs all night. I was feeling their pain! Pretty lighting and decor. Intimate. Very good food. For appetizers we had an arugula salad with ricotta salada and pistachio vinaigrette. The arugula was very mild (I prefer a peppery arugula). Fried Brussels sprouts with grilled lemon was delicious. The real appetizer winner was eggplant meatballs served in a rich marinara sauce. You just want to sop it up with the tasty bread they serve. I had a marvelous wood fired Margherita pizza. The mozzarella is house made and has a lovely chewy texture. Husband had orecchiette with fennel sausage ragu and grilled broccoli rabe which was rich but the flavor was overwhelmed by too much salt. Couldn't finish it. Would return again for sure. Prices reasonable.Delicious! I love this place. I took all of my friends there to get to know each other, and our waiter was fabulous (I think his name was Chris), the pizza was really good, and some guy stood up in the middle of the restaurant and started singing, which was weird, but I was into it.Lovely sunny room with a yummy brunch, esp if you are with a group that likes to share. More than a 3, but not quite a 4 star. 
- Arugula salad- with sliced apples, sunflower seeds, and lots of yummy grated ricotta salata. This was nice and salty, though perhaps a bit too much dressing.
- Buratta- creamy and served with a few slices of poached pears and lavender salt. I didn't love the hard pizza dough wedges that came with it; better with the basked of fresh sliced bread delivered to the table
- Pizzas- Not the most amazing I've ever had, but still good. The crust had a nice balance of crisp and chew. My fave was the Zucca (squash, smoked moz, lemon ricotta, and caramelized onions), though others preferred the Carciofo (artichoke, olive, romesco) and the Ficchi (fig, prosciutto, arugula)
Friendly server and relaxing vibe. Prices reasonable for the serving size. Nice way to start a Sunday.Don't get me wrong...I love this restaurant...but two ribs of lamb is not a rack of lamb no matter how good they are.Giving this place one star is generous. Terrible restaurant. I won't be back. Food is bland with virtually no taste.  Service was worse then the food. Never saw a manager the entire time, No manager ever checked on our table to see how we were.  Prepare to wait and then wait some more for your food to finally come out.  Place had 4 tables with customers and the service was just painfully slow. Menu is totally lacking in decent entrees' to choose from. We had four in our party and all of us were astounded at how tasteless the food was. This is supposed to be an Italian restaurant and the only meatball on the menu is "meatless"?.  The "meatless meatball" tastes like cardboard. The menu is just weak! $40 for a ribeye steak with no vegetable or salad or potato.  It does come with a charred artichoke thrown on top.  There is one salad on the entire menu.  Portion sizes for all entrees are minuscule. I can't think of one redeeming thing to say good about this restaurant.  We are from out of town and were looking for a nice Italian restaurant in South Philly. I have experienced dozens of great restaurants in Philadelphia and never had a bad meal experience before this in the city. This place ruined our night out!Terrific spot for lunch. We had the roast Brussels sprouts and a couple pasta dishes. It was later - about 2:00 so we enjoyed a quiet time upstairs and watched a quick thunderstorm blow through. Very good service.We were in the mood for some rustic Italian food, and were looking forward to this meal based on what we had read on the Internet. Their menu looked really good.
I would say that the concept makes sense, because the items on the menu sounded great, and there were many things on it that we wanted to try.  Unfortunately the execution of our dishes did not live up to our expectations, hence the low rating.
I never intentionally write negative things about restaurants in my reviews, but I do choose to be honest, more-so for the kitchen's sake, than for other potential customers'.
We started with the meat and cheese platter, which was good. Some of the meats are made in house.  There were a few different meats which were tasty, but there was only one slice, of one type of cheese, included on the dish.  Next, we had calamari with a Beet Hummus, served with flatbread.  The flavor was okay, but we didn't really "get" the dish.  Both the calamari and the hummus were served at room temperature, so it was a little bit off-putting, and we didn't finish it.  I'm not sure why they thought that Hummus served at room temperature would be a good idea.
The next dish was a Ceci Pappardelle with fennel pollen etc.  We did not realize that the pasta was actually made out of chickpeas (which may have been our own fault).  Unfortunately this dish was just not appetizing.  The texture of the pasta was not pleasing, and the only flavor that stood out in the sauce was the fennel.  We were honest with our server about it, and she was more than willing to take it back and remove it from the bill, which we appreciated.  Service was very good by the way,  I think our server's name was Jackie.
We then had Porchetta over charred Broccoli Rabe.  This dish was tastier than the others, but again missed the mark with the execution, as the broccoli Rabe was a little over-charred.
For dessert we were served a few pieces of biscotti with a dessert liquor in a martini glass.  The idea was for us to dip the cookies into the liquor before eating them.  Not great.
It seems like they are serious about food and want to be creative here.  Maybe other selections on the menu are more pleasing, but unfortunately most of the meal that we had here was unsatisfactory on this particular evening.  Again, I am not trying to be harsh on purpose but the comments are an account of our actual experience.I stopped in on a random weekend one night for some late night pizza to be welcomed and offered food and drinks right off the bat. Good start. The oven pizza was kicking out some great pies. I went with the bbq chicken. (Perfect) It seemed that were was a upstairs for more dinning but I didn't get a chance to snoop. This place has a great bar with plenty of poison for your liking. Our server was very nice and made me want to come back soon. Which I will have no problem doing, hopefully sooner then later. Service and personality is big in this business and this place has it down.Stopped in on a Friday night for some pizza & was immediately accommodated by the hostess at the bar (they asked people to move down a seat to fit us, thanks!). When you walk in you see a counter with apps (spuntini) and meats to entice you (and they do).
Extensive wine list, some on tap as well.. Lots of beers on tap too, cocktails looked good but we stuck to wine, both we picked were mellow and delish. 
We ordered the Brussels sprouts to start, served cold, which was new to me but great flavors and were gone in the blink of an eye. Then we did the Stella pizza (star shaped with sausage and mozz and little star points stuffed with ricotta) which was soooo good and a must try, and the Crocche which had potato croquettes, mozz, and pancetta, also a winner. These are thinner crust, not crispy, Neopolitan style pizzas done well, and two were perfect for two people to share. 
Of course had to save room for dessert and had the zeppoli (little warm fried donuts) with house made gelato and the budino, dark chocolate pudding. Again, both stellar. 
Overall had a great experience and can't wait to go back for dinner!
Only weird thing was the music.. It ranged from Led Zepplin, to rap, to Bob Marley, to pop.. really just kind of weird.Another day, another group outing to explore a new to us restaurant. We came to Brigantessa for dinner with plans of sharing apps and pizza.  The four of us ordered 4 apps and 3 pizzas and were satisfied with quantity.  The price came to about $25 a head, not including drinks, which is more than fair.  The service was top notch, less once or twice reaching the bottom of my water glass while enjoying the spicy pizza.
So what did we get?  We started with the long hots, oven roasted olives, shrimp, and tuna.  The long hots, 4 per order, came stuffed with sausage and were quickly devoured.  The olives were good to pick between other bites.  The shrimp was solid, but probably not something I'd get again.  However, the Tuna belly conserva is perfect.  Our waiter warned us, as apparently they can be hit or miss based on your likes, but it was a clear hit with our group.  It was light but filling, which provided an excellent balance.
For pizzas, we did a Margherita, Stella, and Calabrese.  I mentioned the Calabrese had a bit of a kick, not to complain, just to inform.  We enjoyed it.  The Margherita was basic, but exactly what we were looking for.  Finally, the Stella, shaped like a star, had crust stuffed full of cheese.  Other than being more difficult to split, it was awesome.
So the test, could I see myself going back? Absolutely! You should too...Excellent food....but they scam their customers by getting them to order much more food than required.  The kitchen is slow and it takes them time to prepare.  By that time, you're done with dinner and they will gladly hand you a heavy check!!
Okay if its two of you.  Over a party of five -  be careful.  Very careful.Always a reliable, delicious Italian(esque) spot that's great for a date night or small group outing.
Big standouts here are the pizza (Stella is a particularly good one with ricotta bake into the crust) but don't miss out on some of their really good appetizers. The brussel sprouts in particular are really good and well prepared. Pastas are also solid, so it's tough to go wrong with this menu.
Beer and wine selection here is surprisingly diverse, including some interesting Italian beers. Most recently I had a pink IPA with a slightly almond taste which was pretty cool.
If you're looking for a night out in East Passyunk and you haven't been here yet I'd highly recommend you give it a shot!Very disappointed. The portions are unbelievably small. The beet salad consisted of one beet the size of a golf ball cut in about six pieces. I ordered a Margarita pizza. The tomatoes were so watery the whole center was a soggy mess. The crust around the pie was excellent. Everything was overpriced. I will not be returning.Couldn't deny my craving for a Sorrentina pie so I came back here this week. I'm happy to say that they have returned to normal sized pies!!!! 
The Sorrentina is as good as I remembered, and my new favorite is definitely the Carciofo! If you like olives and artichokes, it's for you. 
The Cavatelli was delicious as well; very delicate and fresh red sauce.
The cannolis were awesome for dessert!!!! one is filled with nutella. enough said.
The service gets 3 stars; I was a little late for my reservation (about 10 minutes), but our table wasn't ready anyway, and when we went upstairs there were tons of open spaces, so I'm not sure what the delay was. Maybe they were punishing me for tardiness. 
Our waiter was pretty absent and not very friendly.
But the bartender downstairs was nice and knowledgable. Some of our favorite beers were kicked so he offered some alternatives.I agree with some other reviews that the price point is a little high related to portions, but this isn't the Melrose diner so deal with it.
Some of the appetizers and small plates are worth it and some aren't. Don't even bother with the octopus, as you get just a few small pieces that are cooked well but kind of bland, served on a bed of equally bland chick peas. Roasted carrot salad, though? Amazing. So much flavor. The meats are a good thing to share with a group of omnivores, and even the small portion is fine for four people.
The pizza, of course, is the star of the show. It's not like any other pizza you've had, so if you're expecting it to be better than [insert other pizza here] you'll either be shocked or disappointed. The edges of the pizza are crispy but the middle is soft and doughy. The cheeses are ridiculously fresh. If you read other reviews, you'll see the owner comments throughout - this is Neopolitan style pizza, made with ingredients imported from Italy and cooked at 900 degrees for 60 seconds. If you don't like, get outta here.
Desserts are yummy, but I wouldn't go out of my way to leave room for them. Their desserts are heavy on the almonds, and I prefer my desserts without nuts. And I won't pay $10 for gelato when Capogiro is steps away. 
Our server was great about answering questions about the menu and making recommendations. He was clearly into the food, which is always a good sign when you're dining out.
Definitely make reservations. It's a pretty popular place.I stopped in with my boyfriend on a whim on Saturday afternoon around 4 p.m. upon walking by and noticing the sign out front advertising "pizza and beer flights" from 3-5 p.m. on Saturdays.  The bartenders greeted us immediately and we took a seat at the end of the bar nearest to the kitchen.  I didn't see the upstairs of the restaurant, but the downstairs is bright and airy and gets lots of nice sun through all the side windows.  The staff was also very friendly, which we appreciated.
We opted for the specials, which were $2 off either flight on the menu (American or Italian) and a margherita pizza for $10.  The pours in the flight are generous, and the selection of beers was great.  I can't speak to anything else on the menu since they were not serving anything other than pizza until 5, but we had a positive enough experience that I'd consider returning for dinner in the future to further explore Brigantessa's offerings.Where to start... made reservations for 2..when I arrived the hostess didn't want to seat us because they had 2 big parties upstairs and asked us to sit at the bar. We insisted on being seated.  Portions are small and food is ok at best.  The burrata was good. However when I received my pasta over 30 minute wait and it was ICE COLD!  the server asked if I wanted her to reheat it!?!?! I guess they would microwave it.  Not worth the money and burnt bacon on cold pasta is NOT pancetta!Well...lets start with the wood grilled calamari stuffed with sausage...my only complaint is...I want more!  Well cooked, just enough heat to make it interesting...well cooked potatoes with a pesto sauce,,,I wanted more!  Then I had the Manila claims with a pasta...past was perfectly cooked with a strong heat to it....would do it all again!  Bravo!We lucked out and got seats at the bar but only because we arrived before 630. When we left at 8 the place was packed, but under control. This was my second visit and this time we started off with an ethereal lamb and burrata pizza with a mint pesto.  Mixing  it up we shared some every fine salami and antipasti-- that unbeatable carrot salad again-- and we finished with the chestnut filled pasta with deep fried sage leaves that were integral to this fine dish, not just just a garnish. A perfect dessert if it weren't for the more perfect gelati-- pistachio for me.  I might move from rittenhouse square to south philly just to be closer to the kickass cuisine supported by the very professional  and knowledgeable elliotte and his colleagues at the bar. Oh and don't leave without trying the sausage stuffed long hots.Went there for restaurant week with three other people who decided not to order from the rest week menu.  I like the food but for the price we paid. The dishes were small. The pizza you can share but some of the pasta dishes and appetizer dish were small. The drinks were good but thank god for happy hour. The drinks are just as pricey. Also our waitress was okay. But she was quick on her feet about the paymentHad a great dinner last night. We ordered a lot of plates and everything was great. HIghlights that really sung: the pasta that looks like little witches hats with a veal ragu, the stella pizza, the really rustic gnocchi with oxtail. Also, we had a couple classics before we ate - a negroni and a gin martini- executed perfectly.This was the worst $90 I have ever spent. The service was abysmal. Our server not only NEVER refilled our waters throughout the entire meal, but also never brought us the bread and butter that every other table received. Now, this was not a busy night, the dining room was essentially empty and when we arrived, our waitress' two other tables had already been served their meals. I hate to make assumptions, but we were the youngest there and were clearly not being treated as well as her other guests. I completely regret leaving her a 19% tip. I'm not even going to go deep into their food, which is horrible. Just a heads up, to this place, a few drops of mozzarella qualifies as cheese on a pizza. It was basically just burnt dough with a light drizzle of sauce. At $18 for an 11" pie, I'd expect a lot more. If you want to try good gourmet pizza, head to Slice or Birra which are both with in walking distance, have better service, and are much more adequately priced. Personally, I'd suggest anyone considering going here try Birra instead. They are 2 blocks away and have a much better menu.Really the only place you wanna go in Philly for Neapolitan pizza. Mind blowing dessert. Good beer and wine list. Service was good - really amazing if you consider they had only been open a week.  The server knew the menu inside out.
I tried the braised artichoke heart, baked olives, 24-month Parma prosciutto (holy crap good), some sort of stuffed calamari (salty for my taste but good) and both the Margherita and "racket" pizza (no idea what that was - not on the menu any more). Dessert was some sort of dark chocolate couscous pudding, and a bunch of really amazing gelato.
This is the kind of joint where you can get pizza and a beer for two for $25 or grab an amazing 7 course wood-fired seafood dish and guzzle wine till your wallet goes "click." I wasn't expecting an upscale Italian portion to the menu because I heard so much about the pizza - will definitely try that next time.Review is of the bar only: Happy hour is 5-7. $6 tap wines were delicious. $10 pastas and margarita pizza. Bartender was friendly and offered a sample of wine before I decided. Overall a very pleasent experience.I really wanted to love this place.  I love the neighborhood.  I love Italian.  The restaurant has great reviews.  But at the end of the day, it wasn't bad....it just wasn't great.  I was not overly inspired by the menu.  Portions were small.  Pizza was great but hey, when is pizza not amazing?  Unfortunately there just wasn't one dish that made me excited.Pasta was cold and nothing special. All portions were small and way overpriced. I love every restaurant on east passayunk but this one was a major dissapointment.One of the best drink menus in the city.  The burrata is amazing! Octopus and Rock Shrimp are exquisite. Great service, just lovely all around. The Calabrese pizza is delicious.We ate here right after it opened and have been back twice since. The pizzas are sumptuous, with their crisp-but-chewy crusts. The Stella was so amazing that we considered ordering a back-up. The edge is cut and folded to form points all around the perimeter. (hence the name Stella)) The points are filled with creamy ricotta. We also ordered a Margherita, same lovely crust, outstanding sauce, and creamy, melty mozzarella. The sauce here is balanced with a touch of sweetness from the tomatoes. Very tasty.
They serve some of their appetizers at room temperature and after reading some of the other reviews, I don't think the servers made them aware of this. Our server made us aware of this, and so we were not surprised. So far we've tried the grilled sardine (yummy), the roasted beets (delicious) and the pate (flavorful and balanced).
The grilled prawns with white bean puree is wonderful, the puree smooth and flavorful, the prawns perfectly cooked.
We will be back here again and again.Maybe I should try coming here again before 9:30pm, on a day other than Tuesday. I had the black spaghetti and baked ziti w eggplant. Meh. Maybe it would have been different if the ambiance was more active. I definitely will go back because I hear they hAve awesome pizza, but I wasn't impressed on my first visit. 
Follow up review forthcoming....My boyfriend and I went here for happy hour and, honestly, after browsing the menu, decided we should just get dinner here...everything looked that good.
From the HH menu, we got the eggplant meatballs (the name is something v italian on the menu), the marg pizza and a couple of drinks. They were all soo good, I felt like we were visiting Italy all over again. The eggplant meatballs in the san marzano sauce might have been my favorite--they were so flavorful and fell apart. We also ordered the special pasta of the night, which was a homemade swordfish ravioli in a brown butter sauce. Also, incredible.
Other than great food, friendly service and good drinks, I don't know what else you could want from a restaurant. The menu is a tad expensive (including HH), but it's still a nice place to go when you're feelin' boujie and craving some fresh pasta and brick oven pizza. 
We'll def be back.I wish I could give this place 10 stars! Having lived in Italy for five months, I've been really reluctant to try any Italian restaurants since I've been back in the States. But this place has exceeded all of my expectations! I came here with my dad about a month ago and tried the Sorrentina pizza. This is the BEST pizza I have ever had in my life! It is so authentic, light and flavorful, and such a creative combination. 
Since that time, I've brought all of my friends to Brigantessa to try the Sorrentina, as well as the Stella, which is also fantastic! I've enjoyed several of their small plates--all very delicate and flavorful, and I can't wait to try a main dish there.
The staff is incredibly nice, and the atmosphere is laid back and pleasant. Whenever someone asks me for an Italian restaurant recommendation, this is where I send them! Never change, Brigantessa!Good food, good wine. Here's what we ate:
Carafe Sangiovese wine was very good, just overpriced.
Prawn appetizer w/ cannellini bean purée was good. 3 prawns, needed acidity, overpriced.
Long hot small bite stuffed with house made sausage was very good, just overpriced.
Marguerite pizza was perfection.
Roman gnocchi with oxtail ragu: tasted like the wood smoke oven and was very good, just overpriced. 
Black spaghetti with octopus and long hots. Good. Where was the octopus? Way overpriced....
Not including tip, $155.00 (of course we had 2 carafes of wine, which obviously drove the price up, but still??) overpriced. 
Notice a trend ? Overpriced...Overall, very good (not great, except for the pizza) food for way too much $Pizza is awesome, and atmosphere is elegant yet cozy, thought a little loud especially the bar area. This review is for delivery via Caviar - Stella pizza was delicious & delivery was fast. European style charred thin crust with less copious amounts of cheese & sauce than I usually prefer, but for this style it's spot on. Expensive, but definitely quality ingredients. I dined in awhile ago and had a lovely experience.We had a reservation for 8 at 7:30. We were walking down Passayunk and they personally called us to let us know they were running about 15 min behind. They were very apologetic. They offered each of us wine while we waited. This was very impressive to our guest out of town.
We all ordered pizza, because it is amazing. The stella is my go to.  
The waitstaff is incredible. They are very friendly and professional.
Could not of been happier.  We will be back.I decided to try this place out Christmas eve (with so many other restaurants closing early today). We ordered Chestnut Pear Culurgiones $19, Wagyu Tri Tip Steak $30, Special Meat $26 and Beet Antipasto $10. To drink we had La Brigantessa $12 and BTL Sparking Water $6. 
SERVICE: The waiter was knowledgeable about the menu. Answered all questions and made recommendations.
FOOD: The food quality was just okay. NOT THE BEST. Small portions for the amount.i can't really give Brigantessa the review it deserves, since i have only had the pizza and cocktails. Both were good. Decor and Vibe enjoyable. Not overwhelmed, but not disappointed either. a little pricey for the size of the pizza, but it was well executed. Perhaps i'll have more insightful views after a dinner there... friendly staff.Just an update...pizza still excellent...calamari with black hummus was a real treat...but I have to say the bartendress makes the best old fashioned on the avenue and I've had them up and down the street...Dined here this past weekend and the food is fantastic. The pizzas were delicious, as was our oxtail Roman-Styled gnocchi (which takes on the shape of a polenta, more so than the little dumplings you might be used to). The other dish that we loved was the saffron Taglatielle with mussels... Yum! The beer and wine list is nice, too. Our waitress upstairs was lovely, however the bartender downstairs was not very pleasant. Not sure if she was having a bad night or what not, but she wasn't very approachable at all. Overall, the place is great for a night out with friends or a date with your significant other.We are surveying Pizzas in Philly and finally got to Brigantessa.
Wonderful decor, creative menu amazing service and thoughtful wine list. I asked our server who had infinite patience  with us of their flagship Pizza. The unequivocal answer was Margherita, which we chose.  Unfortunately we could not rate it anything above average at best.
Here are our comments:
Crust: Toatally airless undercooked and therefore very dense. Dough was raw. I timed the cooking time it was under 90 seconds.
Base of crust : No rigidity at all- completely floppy
Topping:  Slid immediately from the crust and had to be scooped with the spoon from the plate . 
Sauce: Too watery and too salty . I question if it was made with Marzano tomatoes 
Basil: Probably dded in the oven and therefore it was on the Pizza wilted rather than fresh leaves upon serving 
Cheese: Not Buffalo- too sour to taste. May be not totally fresh
 will certainly be back to taste their other products. from the reviews I understand that the Stella is  a winner.My partner and I eagerly awaited the opening of this establishment and she and I were both extremely impressed with our experience. It is always a bold move to introduce a very niche style of establishment to this city, especially with a concept as ubiquitous as "pizza."  I hope your plans for becoming Neapolitan certified succeed - this pizza is truly exceptional and well on its way to making this restaurant one of our favorite neighborhood spots.We were so excited to dine here as we love Le Virtu and we love Pizza. Have had it all over the world. However we were disappointed the prices were ridiculous. We had the stuffed pepper appetizer. It was one stuffed long hot cut in half and stuffed. It was good, but it was one stuffed long hot for $12! We ordered 2 pizzas. The Marinara and the other with the special tomatoes. I was super excited to get this, but it was terribly disappointing. It was soggy. Not just soft and chewy, but actually soggy from the tomatoes and very little taste to it. It's interesting to see the notes going around about the Neapolitan style pizza. I've had this before from the same style of oven from Napoli (Cane Rosso in Dallas) and it was soft and chewy and incredible, but it wasn't soggy. And the prices were expensive. 1 appetizer, 2 pizzas and a lower end bottle of wine was $120 with tip.Brigantessa is a charming little corner spot on the bustling strip of passyunk.  The decor is sparse and very clean but still inviting.  The wood oven dominates the kitchen on the right (appropriately) and the sleek stone bar accented with a red meat slicer takes over much of the first floor. The hostess was efficient and inviting. Our service throughout was friendly and prompt.
The cocktail list is pretty good although a few too many vodka based cocktails for my liking- I'm more of a gin or bourbon guy but that's just my preference.  The beer list is appropriately Italian centric and the wine list is fantastic and varied.
To start we ordered the pheasant terrine, octopus, and calamari.  The terrine was dense and flavorful and the purée served beneath it had the perfect amount of tang and butteriness to complement the meat.
Unfortunately both fish dishes fell really flat.  The octopus was charred but not hot, 
leaving an unpleasant flavor in my mouth, sort of like eating a charbroiled burger out of the fridge.  The potatoes served alongside it were also well cooked but not hot or crispy, and overall the dish lacked necessary salt and was begging for a dose of lemon juice.
The calamari two ways in theory should have been great, but once again the whole dish lacked salt and the fried part of the calamari was lukewarm and thereby greasy.  Also, extremely overpriced at $14 given the portion size.
The pizza was really, really good.  We only ordered one margherita, but it was nearly perfect.  Crispy, charred crust but still tender and chewy; sauce the perfect balance of sweet and acidic; and the lactic creaminess of deliciously melted mozzarella.  I would come back just for this- even with all of the other tempting meat heavy pizza options this one really shines.
Lastly, the lamb saddle was delicious- it served with the both roasted saddle and lamb sausage, accompanied by a delicious pistachio gremolata. The cippollini onions were roasted and a little mushy but still sweet and flavorful with the lamb.
Overall a pretty good experience and I'm looking forward to another pizza and wine visit.I ate at Brigantessa last night with a party of 6.  We were seated upstairs for dinner.  I'm going to start this review with out fabulous waiter, Gabriel. He was amazing...he explained the dishes without us asking.  We asked about a certain dish that wasn't on the menu, and he was able to get it for us.  He was very attentive...couldn't ask for better service.  In addition to Gabriel, the other staff was great.  Someone in our party ordered Branzino (which comes whole) and she did not know how to filet it so the waiter showed her how (for the next time) and did it for her.  Super nice!  The food was delicious. I had two of the antipasti, the shrimp and the panecotto. Both had a little kick of spice to them  but were very good.  Everyone in my party enjoyed their food. We would absolutely return to Brigantessa for another meal.Heard very good things about this place, but was unimpressed. The restaurant had a cool vibe downstairs, and we had a really good arugula and fennel salad with a delicious citrus dressing. But our pizza was soggy and mostly crust, and the drink and food prices we're pretty high for what you're getting. Probably won't go back with all the other great restaurants on Passyunk and awesome pizza joints in the city.love this place, never disappointed, delish!!! The best pasta ever and cannoli to die for!Loved many things about this restaurant - ambience, appetizers, wine spritzer, desserts but had a manta shrimp special that did not meet the quality of the rest of the food items.  A disappointment after hearing rave reviews.  I would suggest removing that dish from the lineup!Great wait-staff, drinks, and atmosphere!
Definitely a place I will return to!
Grilled octopus was expertly executed and devoured.
My swordfish entree was a bit dry (loss of a star). But the menu changes regularly and this place is worth a visit.Great spot!  Food was amazing-our server recommended great options to us.  We shared a bunch of apps and each had an entree.  The pasta "hats" were delightful with the braised meat so perfectly cooked.  The grilled octopus-highly recommend as well.  The pizza was ok-I'd stick with a pasta or fish dish, personally.  The fish special was great as was the grilled steak special.  Of course we had to top it all off with dessert.  Also delicious!  And last but not least the wine list was perfect-price point much better than most restaurants and again our server was on point with his recommendations.
A great neighborhood gem in a trendy part of town.  Great bar hopping pre or post dinner!  Try Manatawny for a nightcap.The food is good but I felt like the server was trying to turn our table from the second we sat down. I appreciate the hustle, but come on give us a chance to look at the menu.This place is very nice and I wish them well. Italian wine is not my forte (frankly the best wines that I've ever had have been American) but I tried a few and found them to be delicious. We split a pizza and it hit the spot; a perfect late-night snack. I look forward to returning.First time here and had the BEST meal! We all enjoyed the on-tap wines, which were well priced. We tried several things within our group as well, including the panecotto with broccoli rabe (signature appetizer they recommended), the pizza special of the day, briganti pasta "hats" and a truffle ravioli. The pastas were prepared perfectly and the thin crust on the pizza was delicious and not overly crispy.
We also had the mini cannoli for dessert - I have to say I don't usually choose a cannoli but these were so light and special. Great meal and awesome service, I'll be back for sure!My friend Chris W and I stopped in for a drink at Brigantessa one evening before dinner at Izumi, a sushi BYOB just down the block. Little did we know that this place was already given glowing reviews by food critics around town. Somehow Brigantessa totally escaped our radar. I was already familiar with highly praised Chef Cicala's work at Le Virtu having dined on plenty of his amazing ragu dishes in the past. Does Brigantessa stand up to the hype? Indeed. The Gulf Coast rock shrimp "con la conza" with toasted almonds, garlic, parsley, and white whine was absolutely divine. I've eaten so many dishes of rock shrimp tempura that have clouded my judgement of how good rock shrimp can be without the crunchy coating. The toasted almonds supply an added crunch factor that is superior to any Panko crust coating out there. The succulent morsels of rock shrimp stand up on their own in this perfectly cooked dish. Highly recommended. The wood-grilled calamari with black Pugliese chick pea hummus and Neopolitan pita was innovative and delicious. The last time I saw a dish this interesting was at Jose Garces' Amada where I enjoyed the Seafood Paella personally prepared by Chef Garces himself. The beet green "briganti hats" with dry-aged Lancaster beef ragu and Parmiggiano Reggiano was decent and unassuming. The homemade pasta was nicely prepared al denté and the ragu was delicious. I like the inspiration for the dish (you'll have to Google search "briganti hats" for more on this). The pièce de résistance of the night was the Stella pizza, a starfish-shaped pie with San Marzano tomatoes, sheep's milk ricotta, buffalo mozzarella, and pork sausage. True to what our server said, it was half pizza and half calzone. The crust was folded in such a way as to encapsulate the fluffy pillows of ricotta cheese. The center portion highlighted the wonderful juiciness of the tomatoes and the flavorful, melt-in-your-mouth pieces of sausage. If all of Brigantessa's pizzas are like this, then I might make this place my favorite pizza place in the city. If there was a disappointment on the menu, it was the sea urchin bruschetta. The 24 month Prosciutto di Parma and olive oil overpowered every other flavor in the dish. The sea urchin could only be tasted if I ate the generous slices of prosciutto on the bread first and even then it was a subtle taste. Perhaps the dish can be renamed "Bruschetta with 24 month Prosciutto di Parma, olive oil, chives, and sea urchin butter." The centerpiece should be the ham, which is already amazing. The sea urchin butter simply adds a little nuance of richness to it.Start with the positive. PIZZA And cocktails awesome.  Ok so I wanted to love it here. And I guess I give it a 3.4 but it just doesn't stay consistent. Have been three times and only really enjoyed everything once. Tapas are hit or miss. Some great creativity that doesn't always hit the mark taste wise. Go for the pizza and cocktails.My boyfriend and I were eagerly awaiting the opening of Brigantessa, mostly because of the meat slicer on the counter, so we were very excited to go there for dinner last Saturday night. We arrived around 7:30 or so and it was quite crowded. I don't know if they were slightly understaffed, but it took at least 5 minutes for the host to appear at the entrance. However, once he did, we were promptly seated on the first floor across from the bar. We started off with a glass of wine each, and the calamari. I have had calamari many times, but I had never had it served like this: on a sizzling hot plate, stuffed with breadcrumbs and garlic, served with cherry tomatoes. There wasn't much (two stuffed squids), but it was delicious.
For entrees, I ordered the pizza special (white pizza with arugula and 24-month proscuitto di Parma) and my boyfriend ordered the pasta with clams (I don't recall what else was in it). The pizza was without a doubt, one of the best pizzas I have ever had, including those on a recent trip to Italy. I am usually a fan of thin New York style pizza, but this pizza had a perfectly light and fluffy crust. The cheese was perfectly cooked, flavorful, and not oily or greasy in any way. The arugula was fresh and crisp. All this was topped with generous portions of one of my favorite things, proscuitto di Parma. I savored each and every bite.
Unfortunately, I cannot rave as much about the pasta with clams. About three bites in, my boyfriend said he couldn't eat any more since it was too salty. I tried a bite of it, and I agreed with him, it was inedibly salty. I have had Chinese takeout with less salt. We flagged down our waitress, and she immediately agreed to take back the dish and bring out a new one. My boyfriend opted for a pizza instead (having tried a slice of mine), so he got the calabrese (house-made 'nduja [a spreadable pork sausage], roasted peppers, ricotta, and chili oil). It was brought out very promptly. Again, like the white pizza, it was excellent. Perfect crust, fresh and flavorful ingredients, just the right about of spicy. Somewhere in here our waitress informed me that they were running low on the wine I had ordered. I opted to not have another glass of wine, but I appreciated the gesture.
The dessert options were tempting, but we decided to pass. However, our waitress had other plans: she brought us cannoli on the house. I had never had (or heard of) Moorish cannoli before, but I would order it again. There were two cannoli (cannolis?), one with pistachios on the ends, one with maraschino cherries on the ends, and both flavored with rosewater and orange blossom water. The taste difference was subtle, but added just the right amount of floral flavor and flair to an otherwise standard dish. The cannoli with the maraschino cherries tasted exactly like Fruit Loops (for better or for worse).
Overall, I was highly impressed with Brigantessa. The pizza was exceptional, our issue with the pasta and clams was resolved very quickly and professionally, and the cannoli at the end was a fantastic finishing touch. We will certainly be back, and I have no doubt this will be an East Passyunk feature for many years to come.I live nearby and LIVE for their eggplant polpette!! It is so delicious and meat-free. Their wine list has a lot of great options (and I think they changed their wines on tap at some point, bc in the beginning I wasn't crazy about them) and the pastas are handmade and delicious, too- the ravioli is a hearty portion and super good.We didn't have a very good experience here. We sat down for a reservation for 6 but were waiting for our one person in our reservation. We sat for a while waiting for someone to take a drink order from us. It seemed like they didn't want to acknowledge the 5 of us until the 6th arrived. We finally ordered drinks and waited a good 10-15 minutes for them to arrive. We ordered some appetizers and more drinks while we waited for the last person to arrive. At one point, the hostess asked when our last person was arriving: it seemed out of line and rude, considering we were going ahead with our ordering and drinks and were planning on getting entrees once he arrived. When he did arrive, the server pounced on us for an entree order. Again, keep in mind we continually waited a good deal of time For our drink orders and the like, so why the sudden urgency. After dinner, we decided to bag any other drink or dessert order and just get out of there. Getting the check back after giving out cards took at least another 10-15 minutes. When the hostess asked how dinner was, i politely let her know. She wanted to give us a gift card, but we left it at the table because I wasn't looking for anything. I just had much greater expectations from a S restaurant that has such a good rating. It seemed like they were overwhelmed and maybe a little bit full of themselves. I just don't even know. I found myself telling my dining partners that, even if we didn't have all of these other issues, I still would have been underwhelmed with things. Not sure what  happened, but I definitely won't be back. What a bummer!My father wanted to celebrate his 75th birthday at Brigantessa so i made a reservation a few weeks ago for Saturday evening. The gentleman on the phone asked if we were celebrating anything special and i mentioned we were celebrating a 75th birthday. He noted this down and thanked us for choosing their restaurant for this wonderful occasion. 
I have been to Brigantessa a few times before and have enjoyed it thoroughly; the food is always tasty and the service is as expected. Tonight was a bit disappointing and will give me pause about whether to return. Most people whom are 75th are not necessarily going out to dinner on a busy Saturday night, so i thought this would be a fun event for our party and my father. 
The food was good as always, but two things bothered me. First, at dessert time, no watiers brought over a cake or a small pastry to say Happy Birthday. This irritated me because a few minutes into ordering dessert for ourselves, i saw another table being presented with a birthday treat and a candle from the staff. Secondly, when I ordered dessert for my dad the waiter put the check down on the table after bringing out our dessert. This is super rude and dismissive and basically implied that our dinner was done for the evening. I am not upset with the waiter about the candle or perhaps not being informed about the birthday, but putting the check down at the beginning (not the end) of the dessert portion is shocking.
The manager for the night should've informed the waiter that we were celebrating a special occasion and if not, please don't ask me on the phone when i make the reservation. This gives me the impression that the restaurant would surprise my father with a small birthday pastry which is routine for almost any restaurant in the United States. 
Most likely i will return to this restaurant as i do find the food to be flavorful, but i have shared this unfortunate story with friends multiple times since last night and am disappointed with the service last night.Why so serious, reviewers of Brigantessa?
I am shocked at the lowball ratings.  The majority of complaints are related to portion size, prices, and compliance with diners' dietary restrictions....not the food itself.  
It seems to me that many of these folks missed the point.  The menu is designed to encourage sampling of several small plate style dishes along with a specific style of pizza.  You will not be satisfied with one pizza alone, nor are you meant to be.  
Standout dishes include the pheasant terrine, beets, sheep's milk ricotta, black spaghetti, and any pizza that involves the piennolo tomatoes.  They have a really interesting flavor that you instantly want more of.  If you're a charcuterie fan, the offerings here are plentiful and high quality.  It's worth noting that the drinks are also varied and delicious, and the menu contains options for the frugal as well as those who don't mind splurging.
As for prices, yes, it will cost you to go here and leave satisfied, and for that reason it's not somewhere I would go every week.  That said, I wouldn't call it exorbitant and it's nice for a date night or a special occasion.
All I know is that each time I go to this restaurant I leave having tried something new and interesting and had fun in the process.  Keep doing what you're doing, Brigantessa.Honestly more of a four star place, but close enough to a five so I'll round up because some of the early reviews on here are just plain stupid.  Complaining about the pizza not being cut despite their warning as much, that the portion sizes aren't diabetes sized, that the server "had no idea who we were" because you work in freakin' retail?  Embarrassing for a city with such a great dining scene to have these concerns.  Grow up.
As for my experience...spent like 3 hours here on a cold weekend night.  First, having small bites and drinks at the bar, partly because one of our dining companions was a vegetarian so wanted to get our meat on, partly because they serve better drinks here than at my house.  Deli slicer at the bar, enough room to relax, good service, great seasonal/Italian beer list?  Check check check...check.
Moved upstairs for the main meal.  Much of the same, enough variety for the vegetarian member of our party, as well as for another that doesn't dig on swine.  Shared a bunch of dishes so won't go through all of them but can say all were solid if not mind-blowing and we all left more than happy.
One complaint - as mentioned you have to cut the pizza, fine.  But maybe give us sharper knives?  Many of us were struggling to dig through our crusts, mostly me with my cannolo.  Ended up just tearing at it with my hands which I was fine with because I often lack manners, but can see this being an issue for others.  Just constructive criticism.
All in all a great spot to grab dinner or just drinks, especially with the bi-level setup.  I have this, along with Good King Tavern, as great late night "let's grab a drink and something small" places in South Philly moving forward.