I stopped into Brown St. today. What a great place. I got 3 Bhan Mi sandwiches, the traditional, the bbq pork and the chicken, they were all 5 stars, but the bbq pork was probably 6 stars out of 5. While waiting, I had their coffee special, the Cubano, so good. I will probably be back tomorrow.Consider the neighborhood, this is a great place for Vietnamese sandwiches and ice coffee, which are the two things I get all the time here. They have good authentic Vietnamese coffee. The sandwiches tastes good. I like the traditional ones the best. Service is fitting for the area. Modern, hip and no credit card minimum. (Yay). It is very nice to have such a place around the area to bring about diversity.We've had all the bánh mi, except the tofu (just not my thing), and they are DELICIOUS! Fresh crispy vegetables, tender meat, just the right amount of season and spice, and perfect rolls. We are so happy to have a "bánhery" in the neighborhood! The only thing stopping us from eating bánh mi every day is that now we're working our way through the breakfast menu! Yum. And a bonus...the place is run by nice people.The place is in a neighborhood setting and is very relaxed. It has a bit of a hipster vibe and diner feel. It seems a bit small, but there are about 25 chairs/ seating. The employees are very nice and don't seem to get tired from explaining what a banh mi is to customers.
I got the Vietnamese iced coffee and traditional banh mi. The iced coffee is pre-made and chilled in their display case. Ice is added when the drink is ordered. This doesn't seem to affect the taste at all. And the drink doesn't get diluted from melting ice as fast!
My banh mi was a little burnt on one end, but it was still good. It's a little smaller than what you would find in Chinatown, but still well worth the price of $4.95. I tasted a slight hint of the jalapeño. I don't think they used the seeds. I like my banh mi with a little kick to it so I'll definitely ask for more jalapeño next time! They also have a small bottle of Sriracha.Very good Bahn Mi and delicious iced coffee. Much better than a Starbucks iced coffee. They were out of pork today which is my favorite kind of Bahn mi. Highly recommended!I stopped in on a chilly raining Tuesday after a long day at the museum, the two gentlemen working were very nice and helpful. We only orderred a latte and macchiato but they were delciious and the vibe in the cafe was comfortable and we enjoyed our time. They also had the cutest little bathroom!This place was a great find while we were passing time waiting for my brother to pass the Philly half finish line. We ordered breakfast sandwiches and they were delicious. The egg white sandwich was really well made and so good and the croissant sandwich was so good with the flaky pastry and fresh ingredients. It's on a nice corner with plenty of seating for such a small place. I wanted to go back and try their Vietnamese menu because those looked so good too.I'm pretty loyal to Ba Le bakery in South Philly but I will gladly admit that the traditional banh mi (thit nguoi) is pretty darn good here. I even dare say that it is tastier then the ones I've had in South Philly because they toast it to perfection. It has a crunchy roll on the outside, soft and gooey on the inside and a nice, proportionate crunch of fresh veggies (nothing irks me more then a banh mi place that gyps me on the cucumber or daikon). If they could make their banh mi a little bit bigger like the ones in South Philly, I would consider it perfect. Other then that, this place gets my seal of having authentic vietnamese food.Banh mi and Vietnamese coffee- perfect combination, and they do a nice job here. Welcome addition to the neighborhood!Good food. Good coffee. The wait staff is super friendly and it's a pleasant environment to have lunch with a friend.I came here after a morning and early afternoon touring some of the museums in the area and enjoyed my experience.  I got the pork banh mi and a hibiscus iced tea, which technically isn't on the menu but the barista was happy to make it for me anyway.  I've had bigger and better banh mi elsewhere, but it was a decent banh mi for being $5.  
What I liked most about this place was the neighborhood atmosphere.  The guy behind the counter seemed to know everyone who came in and had personal conversations with a lot of them.  It was also a pretty nice place to sit down and get some work done, with free wi-fi and a good number of outlets.This place is for real.  I want it to be a secret so it doesn't get too crowded, but they have what may be the best banh mi in town.  Nothing fancy or crazy.  Just the best marinated meat I've had in a banh mi in Philadelphia (I had the pork, the chicken, and the korean bbq).  The bread and veggies are fresh but nothing special.  What separates this place is the meat.
The coffee is also very excellent.  Toby's Estate coffee is the real deal, and the cold brew here is absolutely fantastic.
This place is a great representation of why Philadelphia is a great food and drink town.  I highly recommend it.Random coffee shop with banh mi but I got the cold cut classic banh mi and it was PERFECT. Great cute cafe to do work, get your caffeine fix and eat a crunchy fresh savory sandwich what more could u ask for???Def the best banh mi in Philadelphia!!!
So happy their in my neighborhood.Update: The banh mi are excellent! I've had the Korean bbq (beef) several times and love it. Today I felt like mixing it up and got the tofu with a fried egg on top, at the recommendation of the owner. So good! 
I'm thrilled to finally have a coffee shop within walking distance that serves breakfast sandwiches! The coffee and food have been excellent, the space is clean and inviting, the vibe is laid-back, and the staff is extremely friendly. A great addition to the neighborhood. And I'm excited to go back to try the banh mi!Super cute spot and awesome bahn mi! Came here for a late lunch and a Vietnamese coffee and a traditional bahn mi hit the spot!A very welcoming little cafe with tasty banh mi. The Vietnamese iced coffee was good too.They are just completely unprepared for any more than a few customers. Waited 20 minutes for two bagels with cream cheese. It wasn't a one off situation, it's happened a few times before. In addition, the staff is rude to each other and short with customers. Only saving grace is it's a block from home.Regular here. Good service. Excellent sandwiches. The brown st egg and cheese is my shiz. Probably eat it a minimum of 2x a week and it never stops getting amazing. Coffee is great. The establishment seems to be run by good peopleReally tite cafe, love the Vietnamese iced coffee, tofu bahn mi, and egg and cheese bagel sandwich. They microwave their eggs but really it's not bad, and I usually am a stickler about those things.Pos - Coffee was ok.
Pos - Lots of light in the space
Pos - At least 4' deep tables in one area next to a wall so you can charge a laptop and have enought room to fit a computer head on each side of the table. 
Neg. - I asked about what they had on tap and owner didn't really seem to care about what he was serving. I'm not looking for a long explanation but a simple "this one is really good" would do. Just asking for someone to give a crap. Another employee, dead pan expression. Makes me miss Brooklyn.
Neg. - Customers have to put on your own coffee lid where dozens of other people put their hands. It's also in a high traffic area above where money and food are exchanged so who knows what is being dropped there.
Neg. - Coffee lid would not stay on cup. This is huge. Maybe the cup was cheap, maybe the cup was damaged, don't care. For 2.70 for a medium coffee, I want to be able to drink it, not spill it.I was very disappointed with the coffee in this establishment. I was visiting the area and wanted a good cup of coffee. There are several coffee shops in the area but this one was close and had a high Yelp rating. I had a cup of what I was told was the bolder of their 2 blends. Despite the in depth flavor description on the sign (like a wine description), it was mediocre at best; tasted somewhat old, and lacked the flavor of a gourmet coffee shops usual fare. It would have been passable for a WaWa, 7-11, or maybe a Dunkin' Donuts, but nothing close to a Starbucks or most small coffee shops. With all the choices in Philadelphia, I'll never go to this place again.banh mi's decent.  owner's a jerk.Great addition to the neighborhood! Immaculate, quality coffee and baked goods, and good service. The owner took a pretty weird former coffee shop and classed it up in a big way. I have had several great cups of coffee from here in the last few weeks, and I really appreciate the fact that the store offers Toby's Estate -- something i had never heard of -- instead of La Colombe or another easily found coffee in Philly. On weekends they offer a second variety of coffee in addition to the regular offering. Lastly, I ordered a cold brew on a hot day recently and they had just run out of theirs. The barista recommended an iced Americano instead, and it was delicious. My review is not five stars because sometimes the temperature control seems to be off (too hot, too cold) which they'll hopefully work out, and the egg in a breakfast sandwich I had was overcooked.Nice little corner coffee shop. The Vietnamese Iced Coffee is strongggg but the condensed milk gives its really smooth balance. They have about 5-6 banh mi options to choose from that all sound tasty. I tried the Korean Beef which was excellent. Moist, well seasoned and complimented the crunch of the veggies (cucumber, carrots, jalapeño and daikon radish) tons of other options including fresh pastries and granola/protein bars.We're so happy to have this place 2 blocks away from our house! Eric is super friendly and genuinely cares about customers having a good experience. I've also overheard him training staff and he insists on top quality, efficient, friendly service from employees. It's a great place to dash in and grab a coffee (iced coffee on tap - so great!) and a banh mi. You can also (and I have, and will continue to!) park at a table for a morning to work. Wi-fi works great, lots of outlets handy for charging. We've pre-ordered sandwiches for family events and that works well, too. Wonderful neighborhood vibe! Let's keep this place open by visiting a lot!Service was terrific! Wandered in last night for a quick sandwich. 
It's reasonably priced and it was legitimately one of the best Banh mi sandwiches I've ever had. 
I'm so happy I found this place. Loved it.We love this place! The street really needed an alternative to overpriced Rybread. Amazing breakfast sandwiches, coffee and prices. Also, the owner and staff are incredibly nice. People rave about the banh mi sandwiches but I haven't personally tried one. Note: the prices are awesome!Super friendly service!
I had the tofu bahn mi with a fried egg and a cold brew. 
The bahn mi was wonderfully spicy (I'm pretty sure you can get it non-spicy if that's your thing, though!), with a sweet-ish sauce. The fried egg really added a creamy texture, and the veggies were lightly pickled and crisp. The roll was toasted perfectly, with a nice crispness on the outside, soft on the inside. 
The cold brew was excellent, nice and smooth, like a good cold brew should be!LOVE this place!!! Makes authentic bahn mi's( no they are not called Vietnamese hoagies), taste good and priced reasonably! My fav is the chicken! If you're looking for a strong coffee, try the Vietnamese coffee, it has condensed milk so for those that don't like sweet things, this may not be it for you... however their coffee/tea selections are plenty!This is not a bad little coffee shop in the area of Brewerytown. After walking around a flea market in the area, I needed some food. The coffee shop is a small, but very warm atmosphere. They specialize in banh mi sandwiches, so I thought I might as well grab a pork one with an iced coffee. The coffee was a good pick me up and smooth. The sandwich was decent enough. It had a good amount of fresh veggies, but not much meat. Shame because it tasted good. Cool spot in Brewerytown that I might stop into again.This place has good coffees. I came twice. The place is small but very cool. Neat ambience.
I did order two different types of Banh mi. The chicken Banh might was just ok. A little bland. The second time I came, I had the bank might thit noung and this was a miss. I tasted as it was going bad. The coffee was still good. Lol.
As a coffee place this place gets a 4 star. As a banh mi place, this place gets a 2 star. Bland and almost going bad is not good banh mi. Almost everything is pre-made and only has to be assembled. So, how could banh might go wrong?
Parking is scarce. I really would have loved to enjoy this place a little more but they just didn't have it right twice.First time here - really great coffee and sandwich menu. I got an iced coffee and a breakfast sandwich on a croissant - both were really good. I also got a few extra treats. The total with tip was about $9.  The space isn't huge but there's plenty of room and it's furnished really well with two communal tables and a window bar. I'm in the neighborhood so I'll definitely be a regular at this place.Sure guys, go ahead and open up a mere block from where I USED to live when I was a student! This would most definitely have been my morning go-to and if you live nearby, it should be yours. 
Simple, welcoming corner shop with great natural light that floats through the large floor to ceiling windows. There's bar seating along the windows as well as long farmhouse tables and banquet seats against the wall. 
Brown Street offers highly recommended strong coffee, cold brew, all of your caffeinated cafe favorites as well iced Vietnamese coffee. They also offer delicious teas.... a red, green, black and oolong. I really enjoyed my lychee tea and thought my almond milk Chai latte was a little mild in spice and too tad frothy. Others may really like it, but for me it was a bit weak. Their 'Brooklyn' blend coffee (cocoa, graham cracker, toasted hazelnut and toffee) is up next for me! 
There's healthier grab and go items such as power bars of all kinds (vegan ones too) and yogurt parfaits. Bagel sammies of all kinds...bacon and egg, cream cheeses, including veggie, avocado and veggie toppings like cukes and avocado for an additional charge. 
 And as you may have guessed from the name, they obviously offer bahn mi as well. Grilled pork, Korean BBQ and Tofu are among the choices. I have yet to taste, but look forward to a tofu one in the near future. They looked delicious and on toasted crisp rolls too. Yum! 
The guys behind the counter were sweet. 
Service was fine. 
Some were hanging out getting work done and reading. Great place to do so.
A very small line did start to develop as I was leaving around 9:30am on a weekday. I can imagine that it can gets a little crowded on the weekend mornings as this is such a needed and unique business for the area. 
Great addition to this area! 
Great little concept! 
Higher rating for that alone. *Will update after tasting bahn mi. 
See you soon!The pricing is cheap. The bah mi's are delicious. The the coffee is on point. A nice stop me to charge some of my devices. The customer service was superb. Also walking distance form the Philadelphia Art Museum.Excellent tofu bahn mi with egg and iced Vietnamese coffee delish. Good amount of seating and tables. If I lived in the area, would be my go-to coffee place.Worst service in the area. The owner kicked us out at 5:40, saying that they closed at 5:30 but took our order anyway. When I called him out on his hours as posted on Google he said they took last call at 5:30. We'll never go back.Great bread!!! Crunchy outside, and soft inside. Would come over everyday! Try the traditional no.5, lots of meats. Simply delicious.This place had really nice vibes and a friendly environment.  I really wanted to love it, but unfortunately the coffee was rather bland.  The flavor was sub-par and my cappuccino was too milky.  I would give 3 stars, but the breakfast sandwiches looked really fresh so I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt and 4 stars.Support your local business. The owners are nice and hard working people and have authentic banh mi and their breakfast sandwiches are freshly made and delicious. If you are in the art museum area give them a try and septa bus routes 32, 48 and 7 take you back into the city.Perfect little coffee shop in the north side of Fairmount, a nabe that is underserved in terms of coffee options. I love Vietnamese coffee and the fact that this petite, pleasant establishment has rows of them prepared just waiting for ice when you order one had me sold. The chill, friendly bar staff, tasty croissant, and very reasonably priced bahn mi options make this a "must". The windows give you a great view of passing pedestrians and there are cafe tables on the sidewalk for al fresco seating (both sides, so lots of options). This spot was recommended by a coworker and I'm delighted every time I go. Kudos, Brown Street. You've got a good thing going on!Sunday morning at 7am I can get coffee fast to start things off right. Toby's Estate is roasting in Brooklyn and they are quality purveyors of hipster handled beans. Customers seem happy and service is very good.I love this place. Friendly service paired with great food and coffee. It is a neighborhood favorite so it can get a little crowded at peak coffee consumption times, but I'm willing to wait because of the consistent quality and service.Love this place! Ive gotten the korean bbq, tofu and chicken bahn mis. Theyre all excellent. Sometime the jalapenos run hot, so watch out. Coffees are good, place is inviting and service is great. Excellent addition to the neighborhood!Sandwiches sounded dope but the run out by 4pm which was disappointing. The pastries in the case were apparently just for show. The only thing left was coffee which was ok.Cute neighborhood gem. I ordered the Banh Mi Cha Lua (#6 on the menu) which was served warm and crisp. So delicious and perfect portion - it hit the spot! Perfect for breakfast, lunch, or dinner! One of the best spots in town to get a Vietnamese Banh Mi!What a great find! My husband and I wanted a quick lunch after visiting the playground with our kids. This hit the spot and had the right ambience we were looking for. Delicious chicken banh mi, although I could have used a little bit more butter/creamy condiment in the sandwich. But the BEST part was that they brewed Toby Estate coffee!!! I had a Vietnamese iced tea and the hubs had iced coffee (Brooklyn brew). They said they were the only ones in Philly who did. Will definitely be coming back for this alone.I just picked up a chicken banh mi and it was delicious, as usual at Brown Street! Sandwiches are made fresh...the bread is lightly toasted, the veggies are always crisp. Coffee and breakfast sandwiches are good too! I'm so glad this is nearby.I really enjoy stopping in here for coffee and either breakfast or lunch. they have the best cold brew coffee that I have ever had. the service is great. it's nice to go someplace where they remember your name and address you. it personalizes your visit. this is a really good addition to our neighborhood.I'm thrilled to finally have a coffee shop within walking distance that serves breakfast sandwiches! The coffee and food have been excellent, the space is clean and inviting, the vibe is laid-back, and the staff is extremely friendly. A great addition to the neighborhood. And I'm excited to go back to try the banh mi!My go-to coffee shop for the Fairmount. Three things make Brown Street a stand-out: 1) Eric, the owner, who's love of coffee is contagious, 2) Toby's Estate Coffee, some of the best I've had outside of La Columbe, and 3) banh-mi, something this neighborhood was sorely missing. If you want excellent coffee outside of Center City, this is a good place to get it.3.75 Stars, Rounded to 4.
Ok, I love this place. The coffee and food selections are all great! What I hate is the layout inside. It's way too cramped and kind of awkward: where do I order, where do I wait, where can I get out of the way, do I need to move my chair? It's just a weirdly laid out space in an already small area. 
It's a coffee shop so not much more to say. Just run in, do the dance then leave. 
Enjoy!Very cute corner cafe, I would describe brown street cafe as simple and focused. They have regular coffee, pastries, and breakfast sandwiches, but the star of the show was the iced Vietnamese coffee and classic Vietnamese banh mi. The iced coffee was strong, but sweet, and reminded me of the way my grandma makes it, never shy about the strength. The banh mi was phenomenal, the French bread was perfectly toasted, soft inside, and crispy outside, it's quality noticeably better than other places I've had banh mi in philly. The pate was light and fresh, and there was a generous portion of pickled daikon. However, they did go a little heavy on the jalapeño which at times was overwhelming, and the sandwich could have used a little more meat. Overall, I would come back for breakfast at this little cafe, the atmosphere was inviting, they had games at the table, and the barista was very friendly. And to my surprise, I didn't have any issues finding street parking.Yep, the hype is true.  I'm not even a coffee drinker and I can't speak for the meat, but the tofu bahn mi are more than enough reason to pop by.Love the coffee, but not thrilled about the ambience. Very tight coffee shop with two large tables, making it nearly impossible to move around. However, I do really enjoy the cold brew and Vietnamese iced coffee, so I would recommend stopping in for a beverage.Awesome Banh Mi sandwiches and we loved the selection. Vieit coffee was super good. Very cute small place. The only issue we had was the attitude of the people working their. I guess it was a more 'hipster' attitude, like they were to cool to help us or like we were bothering them by giving them money. Other then that the food was good.I was on my way home, taking a route I rarely take when I just so happened to drive by this place 
Had me at banh mi and coffee, so I pulled over and checked it out.
It's located at a really convenient spot for me in Fairmount neighborhood, at 26th St and Brown St. The place is pretty adorable and the staff really friendly!
I ordered the grilled pork banh mi. I was satisfied with the amount of veggies and meat they included. The bread was pretty good, but not the best I've ever had. And the grilled pork was decent. Sandwich was priced a little more than places along Washington Ave, but that was expected for the location.
I'd definitely come back and try the Vietnamese coffee and other sandwiches!I was so excited to learn of this local coffee shop and liked the inviting mom and pop feel to it - - but with very expensive and very bitter coffee I haven't returned after my initial visit.  My visit was further tarnished by hitting my head on a sharp ledge that is right over the area where the creamers are kept.  I should have been more aware of my surroundings but I can't imagine that I am the first person to do that.  Always crowded and seemingly popular I wonder if I am missing something but I don't think so.I'm no coffee expert, but the banh mi (chicken, beef, tofu, pork... all of them) is bangin'. Suggestion for the hungry: get extra meat.Great banh mi and Vietnamese iced coffee. Haven't tried the breakfast sandwiches but they look good. Can take a while for them to make the sandwiches - make sure you have at least 15 minutes to wait. Would be five stars if you could call in your order ahead of time. But overall a solid neighborhood gem doing something a little different!Popped in here for a quick bite while out and about. Ordered a traditional banhmi and a Vietnamese ice coffee. Both were very well done. If you're not familiar, Viet coffee is made with a strong coffee, mixed with a sweet milk, so if neither of those things aren't of interest to you best to order what your used to. I'm not a fan of either of those things separately, but once mixed together it's a taste that can't be beat. The traditional banhmi was generously buttered and had a variety of cold meats inside, so don't tell your cardiologist, the pickled carrots and daikon were super fresh too.Love this spot! The ambiance is lovely, simple but clean and very pleasant. Banh mi rocks my world every time: so much flavor packed into the meat (or tofu!) and paired so well with the veggies. Close to my work so I'm there almost daily for lunch or an iced coffee. Worth a visit (or two or three) whether you're local or just stopping by. Double thumbs up!Friendly and quick service always. Recommend Brooklyn. And the cheap and good cheese and egg bagel sandwich. In short: love this place.A wonderful new cafe with excellent banh mi, coffee, breakfast sandwiches and pastries! I've been ordering the tofu and the chicken banh mi and the Vietnamese iced coffee and they're all  delicious. Well-designed interior with plenty of light and seating, making it a great place to work. The owners and staff are really friendly and knowledgeable.The food is amazing- had a positively delicious egg sandwich, but my true favorite is the roasted garlic grilled cheese with bacon. It is a symphony in my mouth. 
But the real reason I write this review is because I stupidly left my purse there and Jerry came by my house to drop it off! I wasn't at home but he left a note! That is service. 
Brown Street Coffee Bánhery has it all - great food, outstanding service, and good vibes. I will be a faithful customer here!!The day Eric and his wife took over this corner it must have been ridiculously sunny. They continue to make this place welcoming, fun and absolutely delicious. We have been greeted in a sincere way every time we walk in the door. Coffee is excellent, and if you are vegan there are definitely creamer/latte options--just ask They also keep a lovely array of baked goods and you never know what you'll get. One day we had an almond croissant and another was an apple danish. They've also got your juices, teas and wholesome snacks if you are coming back from a run. However, the thing that makes this coffee spot killer is the Banh Mi. Everything is done to order and you'll be loving the crisp baguette, pickled veggies, cilantro and secret sauce. We get the tofu one and we still can't duplicate the sauce--trust me, we try! Some extra tidbits that make this place nice are the large communal tables (which also work well for laptops), cute food themed card games that can get you quickly talking with any stranger and copies of Apiary.literary mag. So, if you like smart conversation with staffers that actually care, this place is definitely not to be missed.I cannot say they have authentic bahn mi but it was damn good. I ordered the Korean BBQ bahn mi and they warned me it was spicy.  I beg to differ.  However, my boyfriend had the pork bahn mi and he said his was spicy (and then proceed to add srirachi) so I might have just gotten a jalapeño on mine that wasn't spicy? There was also this extremely awkward mix up with food orders where someone accidentally took ours but the cashier/chef made sure we got our order right away.  No biggie.  Anyways, lucky this gem came to the neighborhood.  Good Viet coffee and they have cold brew on tap.Fantastic coffee/breakfast/lunch spot in the neighborhood. We need more friendly owners and spots like this in Fairmount. The iced coffee on tap was perfectly executed, and although I have not yet had a pastry or bagel for breakfast, the available items are plentiful and look fresh. The banh mis are absolutely amazing, and definitely equal to those found in South Philly.
The atmosphere is great with a ton of afternoon and mid-day sun, with seating both inside and outside. We also appreciate the small details like the extra outlets for charging and the dog water bowls which are always filled for our pups.The food is good, the coffee is great, every employee I've ever interacted with here is either awkward or miserable or bothAmazing spot. They always have fresh coffee and awesome breakfast and lunch sandwiches! Erik the owner is a great guy and knows the neighborhood customers by name.Best coffee and sandwiches in the neighborhood. Always fresh. Gem. 
This is a great spot to work/study or just have coffee.Got three Banh mi sandwiches, they were all very good. The veggie was fresh, the meat tasty. We got #3 pork, #4 korean BBQ and #5 traditional. They make their homemade mayonnaise. 
If I am around time, will definitely come back. It's a cute little coffee shop, bang mi sandwiches and breakfast sandwichesI really love this place for both coffee and banh mi. Give it a shot for sure. 
They often switch up their brews and they have great iced coffee. The customer service is good; quick and helpful. 
I particularly recommend the "traditional" banh mi or the "Korean bbq" banh mi with a cup of iced Vietnamese coffee.Yum! We had a delish vietnamese coffee- not too sweet w great flavor- the "traditional" ban mi had some yum pate-  I also enjoyed a really refreshing matcha ginger tea!Yum. The perfect spot for a quick affordable brunch option while headed to a near by museum, walking through Fairmount Park, or even gabbing with friends. The interior is small but with community tables and high top bar seating around the edges it's easy to find a spot. There is additional outdoor seating. We tried their Pork Bahn Mi+fried egg, Traditional Bahn Mi (pate and cold cuts)+fried egg, and their sausage+egg+cheese breakfast sandwich. I'm fairly picky with bahn mi's but I found this to be one of the better ones in the city. The pickled veggies were crisp and tangy with the perfect amount of aioli to round out the rich fat profile of the sandwich. The bread was warm and toasty -- fillings were plentiful, fresh, and balanced. The addition of the fried egg was nice to add a little protein boost to the already hardy sandwich -- we even skipped lunch we were still so full. The breakfast sandwich really paled in comparison to bahn mi options. I would recommend going with the bahn mi's over the breakfast sandwiches if you're making a decision. The breakfast sandwich itself was exceptionally savory with the buttery croissant onion roll-Esque vehicle of the Sausage/egg/cheese filling being the highlight. Truly a lovely spot we shall be back!Great banh mi and really good coffee. They typically have both a light roast and a dark roast brewed and ready at any given time, and their cold brew is really smooth and tastes great black or with whatever you like. 
But the breakfast sandwiches are the best. I mean, I'm not sure I've had a better bacon egg and cheese ever. But wait, you can get an egg IN your banh mi!This is seconds from my apartment but not worth it in my opinion. The lattes are just ok, and the customer service is terrible. I've been in several times, and the girl that is there always makes you feel like you are a total inconvenience to her. She stares at you blankly without saying anything so you stand there awkwardly waiting... is she ready to take my order? Will she take my order? So uncomfortable.Breakfast sandwiches are on point - definitely recommend the hipster. The coffee is pretty good; I've noticed they weigh the Vietnamese coffee so if it looks like you have less in your cup I think that's for a reason(?) The place is always clean and has a nice relaxing decor but can get crowded pretty quick 
Deducting a star because while the service gets the job done, it's kind of awkward and unfriendly and at times unorganized. (*except for the cook in the back! He rocks) It's a coffee shop. In the morning. Smile once in awhile??? Don't seem sooo miserable to be there?? Idk just a thought from a non-morning person and former ihop waitress who was still able to slap on a smile for every table :)I love their take on the banh mi. I grew up on the stuff in  LA, so I've honed my taste buds. (This rating is for the banh mi)
Cute space, although not very comfortable seating and the tables in the middle are a bit too chunky.Great breakfast sandwiches, great coffee, and friendly folks behind the counter.  But things go haywire when it's busy - the last few times I've gone (weekend mornings), they have forgotten my order and others have gotten food and drink before me despite me ordering before them. Today I spent nearly 30 minutes waiting for a breakfast sandwich and 2 coffee drinks.
Would recommend they get more organized with their process to fulfill orders.  If they can improve here, I'll keep coming back.