Had a reservation tonight for a party of 18, however upon arrival we were told that our reservation was canceled due to a private party. We were never notified of the cancellation nor were we accommodated for our party. Very disappointed in how this situation was handled by the management tonight and will never recommend this bar/restaurant to our colleagues.Stopped here for a beer because we were told the selection was awesome.  Maybe it is but we never met a ruder bartender anywhere.  Thought it was because we were a little older but then observed him being even nastier to a couple of young guys.  Guess he thought they wouldn't tip him.  Well we usually leave great tips - even for mediocre service.  But this guy was just all around rude.  Left a slight tip anyway cause he was scary.  Won't be back.Ended up here on Sunday evening, and again a little later on Sunday night this past weekend (plans changed and it turned out being alright).  My boo and I stopped in for an early evening drink around 6ish and there were a decent amount of seats at the bar. I had the Clown Shoes Clementine Ale which I really liked a lot, and we had one of the pretzels to share. The cheese fondue sauce that comes with the pretzel is so good.. I could probably drink it. The pretzel was pretty good too, although overall I think I prefer Brauhaus' pretzel over Bru's.
Fast forward about 3 hours, to meeting up with friends back at Bru, and the place is packed. I get what others are saying in reviews about this place being a bro bar, because it totally is. I remained faithful to the Clown Shoes Clementine throughout the night and wasn't disappointed. I don't think that the prices for the beer are too expensive at all, and there's also a decent selection for those who are adventurous and like to try a bunch of new things.  We didn't try the tap your own beer wall, although I'd be interested to see what it's all about next time we stop in.  Overall, this is a pretty cool place with a decent atmosphere, and I'd definitely go back to Bru to try some of their food options and try some other beers.Philly Beer week 2017.  Always an excellent selection of beer.  A pretzel and mustard l, and food selection that makes it an authentic German restaurant.  Ironically I drop in here on my way to Germany - bc it's just as good and my English is better than my German.  Great wait staff and good crowd of people.  Come early for the best service especially on weekends.  Go across the street for some live music after a few pints and some food.Rachel is the best bartender ! Food and drinks always awesome. Happy hour is killer. Can't beat it!BRÜ-more like BOOO. I had high expectation for this place, just fell short. Very dark, very crowded, tight space & even tighter seating. I am a fan of sour beers, many to choose from and our waitress had sick knowledge of all the beers, well that's the positive. Food was average to Blahhhh. Started with the BRÜfries, looked like a cat threw up on them, but very good..Girlfriend started with the apple and potato pancakes, ahhh it was OK. Time for another beer to take my mind of the disappointment if the apps. Dinner, I had the Doner Kabob- (lamb shoulder, pickles, iceburg, yogurt sauce, flatbread) it was OK, and a side of  Spätzel- fried, no taste, needed salt or even a gravy. Time for another beer to add some flavor to this food. Girlfriend got typical Wurst sammy, she said it was good, she didn't finish it....I guess we'll have more more beer before we roll out since the beers were on point.A nice vibe inside. The food was decent, but the beer was expensive. $8 for a dunkel is a bit much. I do wonder if the male staff has to wear shorts with their butt cheeks hanging out and sexy tights. The uniform for the female servers isn't much different than a place like Hooters.This place is excellent! I went in for a nice relaxing drink after a hard day's work and was immediately greeted by the friendly staff. I got a nice, quiet section all to myself and my server, Tiffany, was nothing but pleasant. I got two beers that were both delicious and neither I've seen at other bars in Philadelphia. Mind you, I've lived in Philadelphia for awhile. Tiffany seemed to really know what she was talking about while making suggestions to me about what to drink. The beer wall was nothing short of amazing! I've seen such a cool feature in a bar before! Needless to say, I'll be making multiple trips here and bringing friends! Thanks Brü!Chill place. First came here with a gf and my cousin during HH-time on a weekday. Felt the other patrons were watching and completely judging us Asians pouring our beers trying to get minimal foam.....alright can't we all learn things for the first time without being stared out!? Let us beeee.
Second time, I came with a few girlfriends on a Friday night after ice skating at Dilworth. It was chill to just have some beers and hang out. We got to chitchat and also play some checkers. Their pretzel appetizer is good too!
Overall I like this place a lot! :)Being definitively older than the pub crawlers that were in the front of the house, I only stayed long enough to eat a wurst and get onto the next part of my night. Interesting if you want to people watch, but you'll have to contend with the crowds and layers of noise.This was our first stop after the hotel on our trip to Philly. The beer list was extensive, but we settled on some of the German drafts and ordered a couple of appetizers. 
The music inside was a bit loud, but the playlist was great and it wasn't so loud that we couldn't hold a conversation while we waited for the drinks and food to arrive.
The beer was great: cold, German, and served in a glass stein. The food, however, was even better...
The fried pickles appetizer was very tasty. The pickles were wrapped in bacon and then fried in some sort of tempura style batter. I wanted more when they were all gone. 
We also got a pretzel with the smoked Gouda fondue dip. This was also good but we could have used more cheese than we got. 
I can't speak about the entrees because we didn't get any, but this was a great stop for a little happy hour before heading out to dinner.Brats were good and the German beer help wash it all down.  Great German potato salad.  Very noisy inside and not much atmosphere but what do you want from a bar.  I loved the Kolsch. Kraut was fresh and homemade.Best place ever.  I think it was the best meal I ever had. Brisket so awesome. Service was very fast and caring. Very clean and cool atmosphere.  Thanks for a wonderful experience. I will certainly be back again!!I like BRU a lot but can't rate it highly because it doesn't stand out. Sure there are good beers and good food but when you're inside the bar it has a very in original feel to it. When I think of beer gardens or German bru pubs I think there is a certain atmosphere, for example brahous Schmidts is a great place for beer and brats.
Bru is a bar that serves good beer. Don't come here looking for an original German Bru pub because you're not going to get it.So admittedly, they've got a great selection of beer. Really great bottle list actually (despite grossly overpriced). I'll even give them the half-assed attempt at the "indoor German beer hall" look... Unfortunately, this is where the good part of this review ends.
The waitstaff at this establishment tends to care more about their social media accounts and their SnapChat selfie game than serving patrons. I sadly had to compete with an iPhone when ordering my beers, multiple times. And their credit system failed - so it was on me to to find cash without warning. And the poor girl was charging our drinks and food to the wrong tabs - pretty much with no method or madness. Happy hour prices should come with a disclosure that you should double-check your bill, because you can't count on them getting it right.
The food - mediocre. Nothing to write home about. Soggy and lukewarm fries. Portions of orders coming out 5+ minutes apart. Meh, to be expected.
If you're looking for a faux-German beer hall type of place to start your evening, this place can make the cut. But I guess what I'm getting at is that if you're up for a headache, come to Brü.Let me start off this review but describing the day that I went to this new spot.  It was Cinco De Mayo as well as the same day as the Broad St. run.  Many streets were blocked off for the party and needless to say there was people everywhere.  After hanging outside for a while, one of the people in our group suggested we check this place out.  It was packed along with McGillans across the street.  
With the owners knowing how much people party for Cinco, you would think that they would have more then TWO bartenders.  It was really unreal.  The bar is very long and they have countless taps (which is a plus) but I waited over 20 MINUTES to order one drink.  I started talking to a guy next to me who was desperately trying to get his tab.  He told me he'd been there 10 minutes prior to me.  Finally in the middle of waiting, I noticed off to the side they have a "self serve" beer option.  Basically, it's like a soda machine except for it has beer.  I believe they had 4 selections.  I asked a server and she quickly brushed me off and told me to go over to this desk on the other side of the bar.  At this point, I would just like to have a drink in my hand.  
I walk over and ask the guy for two "passes" for beers.  He told me that would be $20.  (um what? $10 a beer?) when I asked him he answered like I was the most clueless person on earth.  "yes you have to buy a key."  Uh, still have no idea what this even means as he didn't elaborate.  Excellent service.
I then went back to the bar but tried from a different end.  I asked a guy to serve me and apparently he was a bar back.  Instead of answering he just made the "cut" sign at his neck.  Classy.  
Finally, someone served me and it took him forever to get back to get my money.  I found some of my friends scattered around having the same problem.  We wanted to leave because it was ridiculous.  
It's really sad because this place is really awesome looking, and they have an amazing beer selection.  Like I said, having 2 bartenders on Cinco, and other employees who can't even bother to explain things really turned me off.  I'll stick to McGillans.A wonderful selection of foreign and domestic beers, great sausage and German appetizers. The three times I've been there it has been crowded but I've gotten fast and attentive service. If you're there with three other people and not sure what to get, I'd recommend the Haus Platte... All the sausage they make on top of piles of appetizers. They also have some good American food like pulled pork for people who may not feel in the mood for wurst.Went there on a Friday night, I didn't realize how big this place is until I walked in. They check ID at the door. There was a lot of people already, not packed though. 
My friend and I found a table to sit down. We both ordered wurst. My spicy wurst was ok, not great. But I thought this place is known for wurst?
What impressed me about this place is the large selection of beer. Will go back for their happy hour just for beer next time. 
This place is loud at night so be ready to scream to your friends when you are there. The service is attentive and friendly.nice selection of beer, good service, ok food, crappy large screen tv with terrible soundPretty solid place. Very spacious, could be great for groups. Large drink selection, very good. However, the food can be hit or miss. We were not happy with the potato pancakes nor the BRU fries, but the fried pickles were a favorite. The meats also tended to be pretty good.Good food and beer, but service below par. Why were there 6 waitresses standing around in the front yet I had to go up to the bar to get a water and ask twice for silverware after our appetizers arrived? At the bar noticed someone else couldn't get their waitress to pick up the check, so not just a problem I was experiencing. Also 3 workers sharing the sink in the ladies room getting ready for their shift to stand around wasn't all that professional. Seems like a "Hooters" image is enforced on them, but I've received quicker and more attentive customer service at Hooters. Food was good and $4 beers at Happy Hour also a great deal-not all complaints.Great local place to grab a brew.  This place is pretty popular right now so expect crowds Friday and Saturday nights.  Dont forget to try the food here, it's pretty amazing!I love coming here on nights out dancing. I like the brussels sprouts and potato latke. I have had the wings and they are pretty good too. I really enjoyed the steak frites too but, I think it is over priced for how much I got. I have also ordered the brisket sandwich and it was edible but the brisket wasn't good at all. I'm from TX and we have amazing brisket so, of course I was disappointed. I should have known better though than to expect good brisket up north. In my opinion, this place is super good for late night partying or just appetizers and drinks - not for your main meal.Only giving this two stars because the beer selection is good. Good was not good. Nobody at our table liked any of the dishes we ordered - except the pretzel. Pretzel was goodStopped  by on Sunday night, and was impressed!  The bar is gorgeous, and since the weather was good the back wall was opened.  Was with a group of 6 people so we tried a few things from the menu.  The pretzel is just a pretzel, but the cheese dipping sauce made it amazing.  The currywurst (wurst with curry ketcup and fries) was good, as was the flatbread.  The schnitzel was amazing... definitely worth the fried splurge.
As for the beers, I had an allagash oddesey before switching to the self serve beer station.  If work/live nearby, invest in a beer key!  Load it up with a few buck and then drink as much allagash white (or several others) as you want.  A few people noted poor service, but we had no problem whatsoever.  They did just open so I'm sure once they get into the swing of things that will be worked out.  Check it out!I came here for lunch. Sat at the bar. The bartender was super friendly and attentive. I had the wurst plate with the Denny sausage... It was great! The potato salad was a bit salty paired with the salty sauerkraut and salty sausage. But all and all it was great. They have a HUGE selection of beers! Great pub!Stopped by for a quick happy hour. It was waaaaay too loud and crowded for my liking. Like literally can not hear the person next to you loud. I tried the loaded fries and the sauerkraut cheese balls, and both were awesome! This place seems like it would be pretty cool, but the loud and hectic atmosphere really turned me off. Plus, the waitresses' outfits create a Hooters feel to the whole place, and it was kind of awkward seeing guys gawk and stare at them (small shorts and stockings). Seems like it would be a cool place on a non-busy time!I love this place. Its so much fun. They have a ton of different beer selections. I had great pumpkin beer. They do have some seating in the back. They had awesome music playing so i was able to have some fun dancing!!! It does get pretty crowded and the restrooms also have lines. But great place to go for the night!The cool sign, great location, never ending list of beers, loaded french fries and the fun German Hipster vibe all make me want to like BRU. But sadly the service sucked, which ruined the experience. 
I was recently at BRU for a fundraising event. For $10 you received one drink and access to an extended happy hour (Happy Hour here is great, $4 beers and $5 bites). Special seating in the back was even reserved for the event, which was great since the bar can get pretty crowded on a Thursday night. 
It took over 20 minutes for the waitress to come take my drink order, and when she brought the drink she was not even sure if it was correct. Getting additional drinks the rest of the night was a struggle as our waitress cared more about socializing and checking her phone.  
When the checks came, they were completely messed up. Our waitress even handed us back a a receipt with a credit card that didn't belong to us.Went for the food and was not disappointed.  Had the mostly veal wurst plate and it was excellent.  Also shared a caramalized apple desert -- fantastic.  And the best part was our waitress, Kelly.  She was always smiling, knew the menu and was most kind.  It's not easy getting good Geman food in Philadelphia, but you can count on this place.  Very interesting decor and probably lots of fun with a group of beer drinkers.Came here on a Friday night around 11 pm with some girlfriends. It was pretty crowded but we didn't have any trouble ordering a drink at the bar. I don't drink beer but my friends were really happy with the beer list they have. They also have a self serve beer bar, from what I understand you have to pay for a fob and you get a glass and thats how you use the self serve. The bartender did let us know that the self serve beers are not as good as the beers you order from the bar. Staff was very friendly and quick to serve, especially for how busy it was. Will definitely be returning to try the food.The beer was good, but it was so incredibly loud. It was impossible to have a conversationMeh. Been a few times, great selection of beer...once you flag down a bartender. Food not so great...there's other places in Philly to get an authentic German fix.I love it here. The staff is so friendly, there is an upstairs and downstairs and always a good crowd. Beers aren't over priced. Definitely a good place for sitting at a bar or dancing.I came to Bru last night with a friend for the first time and I had a blast. Their beer selection is top notch. They even have checkers at all of the tables with beer caps as the checker pieces. I will definitely be back!!!Went here last night for dinner with 8 friends to celebrate one of their achievements and it was great. We arrived early and my boyfriend and I grabbed a drink at the bar first. I asked to sample a beer and they were happy to offer. We ordered two beers and were served promptly. Our table was ready and we were seated right at our reservation time, as it should be but sometimes does not happen at some places. 
The service was great for the most part. Our waitress was nice and attentive but did stumble on beer suggestions - I know there is a huge list but some training or knowledge should be had by wait staff with what they are serving, especially at a beerhall (at least both restaurants I worked at previously we were tested prior to being able to serve alone). At least have a suggestion for a beer in every category served. Oh, and the long hair being down kind of irks me. You are serving food to people, and hair does fall out. Should be up in a ponytail or pulled back and not be touched or played with - something both places I worked at previously also had a rule about which I didn't mind - makes sense for sanitation reasons. Other than that, she was great. The guys loved the low cut shirts and booty shorts with tights the girls wear (of course).
We started with apps - the fried pickles and Bru fries. Both were delicious. We ordered the sampler platter which was plenty of food for 3 guys and a gal. 5 others ordered their own meals. We also ordered some Bavarian pretzels and spatzel to share. Everything was delicious, except the German potato salad. I wish the potatoes were cooked a little more - they were a little raw and hard still... unless it was supposed to be that way? My previous experience with German potato salad is that the potatoes get cooked and then mixed with the yummy stuff. It would be nice if they also served plain sour cream and apple sauce with the platter for the potato pancakes. I personally am not a huge fan of horseradish so the horseradish sour cream was a little much for me. My only other complaint is the bathrooms were a little messy and we were seated at a table along the window which opens in the summer so it was really drafty.
All in all, great experience and I definitely plan to return, when it's warmer, or be sure to ask for a table further inside where it is less drafty.Beer garden with style. Not easy to find but you won't regret it when you do. You can pour your own beer with a 25 dollar beer key or get your bottles from the bar. The food selection is not bad either.Perhaps it's Stephen Starr's fault for bringing Frankford Hall to Philadelphia, but when I hear "Beer Garden" I think "garden in the city full of varied-types of beer" So even before going, I was already a tad bit disappointed that there would be no center-of-the-city garden oasis, but that didn't deter me from making the trip. Twice. (First time I tried, they stopped seating an hour before a private party came in.) Second time we were seated relatively quickly, but as others have reported, service was slow. Lots of tables around us were seated, but none had food.
In another comment about the service (other than the somewhat inappropriately short-outside-a-strip-club lederhosen our petite, blond server was wearing), when I asked what "schnitzel" was I heard, "Um...well, it comes with the things right there on the menu." Yeah. I actually read the menu, but was hoping my server could illuminate (thank you trusty iPhone!). Here's hoping the service staff learn the relatively brief menu.
Other than that, the food was fine. It wasn't amazing, but it wasn't bad. The two types of "wurst" I tried (beef-only and beef-and-pork) were good, tender, and juicy. The sauerkraut was relatively bland and did not compare to that offered at Frankford Hall. The portion sizes were what I might expect for a slightly-pricey, midtown restaurant. And, though I didn't drink any beer, my dinner-mate reported a less-than-varied beer selection.
PS. It's very loud, so don't expect to have a conversation.Came to this spot for the first time, not knowing much about it. Our server was Jessie and she was awesome. Super knowledgeable and attentive but funny all the same. The beer list was overwhelming but she helped me chose the perfect pairing to my wurst. Music was a bit loud but entertaining mix of 80s hits. I suggest sitting outside and asking for Jessie if you're lucky enough to get her when she's working!Been here several times, always a good experience. Happy hour M-F beer prices are great, plenty of beer selection. Always a brew or two on special at other times. Can get crowded.
Garlic wings on special 8 for $8 were tasty. Server was very attentive, all were friendly and helpful. Only wierd thing was the use of a few tv's during football Sunday afternoon were showing infomercials about vacuum cleaners...what's with that??This place is basically like hooters with mediocre german beer and food. The service was pretty good, and the girls all wear these ridiculous leggings slash tight booty shorts. I mean, I'm a guy, so I'm not complaining too much. But obviously there is a certain clientele they want here, and it's not the quasi-effeminate metrosexual guy with his female friends, who happen to just want good german food and beer.
That being said, the food was ok, nothing spectacular. The brussel sprouts were soggy, not crispy. I prefer mine either crispy or just a bit blanched/fresher -- either way, with a bit of a crunch. If you like brussels soggy and overcooked, this is the place for you.
The potato and apple pancakes sounded great, and I was really excited. Unfortunately, the apples being mixed into the potato pancakes prevented them from becoming crispy. And the flavor wasn't that great either. I think I prefer traditional potato pancakes done properly, with some applesauce on the side. Or for them to make these things crispier...can't be that hard.
Also had a chicken apple sausage brat thing. It was covered in way too much sauerkraut which didn't have anything but a canned flavor. I ended up scraping most of that off and just eating the sausage itself. Even that sausage didn't have a great flavor, not very interesting at all. The chicken apple sausages out of the package at any grocery store taste better...and I rarely eat that nonsense either.
I wouldn't come back unless I was rolling with "bros" about 10 deep. So I'll never be back.
It gets a star because the servers were nice, and because they have a cool beer setup.No sound for the Eagles game. Regardless of the food or drinks, that ruined the whole visit.Hundreds of beers to choose from, plus delicious food. Open on both ends (alley and front) so there were a lot of people flowing in and out. Will be back.Excellent selection of German and Czech beers.. Artistic German expression. They have cool features- serve yourself beer tap wall. Excellent food. Service is great! Waitresses wear very sexy attire. Good location, downtown PhillySuch a cool concept. Really
Amazing beer! Love the beer stone collection. I really like the decor and design. Also really good beer. I always walk out happy! Love German beer places!!!This bar has a great selection of beers with a changing menu. They should offer a flight with all the beers they have. I was pretty disappointed that they only offered on the German beers and not all of the drafts they sell. My girlfriend and I shared a few apps which were really good.I retract everything I ever thought or wrote about this place. This is the worst establishment I've ever been to. I don't know who hires these derelict bartenders but they should be fired.
The first time I was here I was disrespected. Wrote a bad review on Yelp and was asked to try it again, so I did. No complaints - food is good, beer selection nice. 
Tonight? I don't know what the problem is, but you can't treat people like garbage. If I ask you a question you should try your best to accommodate me. This is common food/beer service practice. I will never come here again. I will never have a good word to say about Bru. You won't miss my "patronage", but I won't miss being treated like a P.O.S. either.We will never be returning, nor will we be advising other people to visit this restaurant. 
The hostesses quoted us with a 20-30 minute wait time. While we waited, we walked downstairs to the lower level and grabbed ourselves something to drink. The bartender (at ubahn) greeted us and was attentive. We sifted through a few beer tastings, chose a pint each, and paid out. Service downstairs was attentive, but the volume did seem slow for a Saturday night. Bartender did not give credit card back (we would later have to retrieve it, after our poor dining experience). We received a call that our table was ready. A phone call was kind of silly considering how loud it was. 
We ran upstairs to be sat close to the entrance-- which was whatever, we were a "walk in" on a Saturday night, so we took it. Service  upstairs was atrocious. Server greeted us late and didn't know the amount of ounces in their flight pours. Server showed us the pour from a distance (which looked to be around a 5 oz pour). Service was s  l o w. Our two-top (a couple) was trumped by a table of six-gentleman; at which point we lost our server completely. Through a series of unfortunate events, one which was out of control of service and the other a health code violation, the manager was semi-accommodating.  Greeting us the first time, apologizing and letting us know if we needed anything to speak with him. We didn't quiet get his name because of how loud it was. Thinking we'd never speak to management again we continued on with our meal. Sadly, we would have to speak to this gentleman again.  
After our second incident we decided to speak to a host, since our server was MIA, to let them know that we would like to speak to a manager, but to keep this incident quiet and not alarm other guests. Manager immediately approached the table and told us that he would comp this dish alone. This was the second strike, third if you consider the server never once approached our table after both incidences, even after we paid and paid out. The server seemed to avoid our table, which was discouraging. 
This establishment received one star for the food and the beer. The food was moderate to okay. The Currywurst was delicious, but had an obscene amount of French fries to compensate for the lack of protein. The German flight was enjoyable but not completely Germanic.From what I hear, the happy hour prices are awesome. But regular prices are expensive, portions of the beers are decent but the food is not very great. Not my favorite german bar!My friends and I went here for happy hour. We went to the bar to grab a drink while we waited for our table. Once we arrived at the table, we never had a waitress come by. We had no idea who our server was. We waited for 20 minutes and decided to leave. I will never come back and would not recommend this place to anyone. Not to mention, the music is unnecessarily loud. Definitely not a place If you want to catch up with an old friend. I would give it a 0 if I could.Two things are consistent with my experiences with Bru: they have an excellent beer selection and their other clientele bothers me.
I think of Bru as one of the better beer bars in Philly. Their selection is top notch in terms of unique beer selections and quality. Until Saturday, I only thought that was true about their US beer list, but then I discovered their bottle list. Whoa, baby! They have a large German beer selection as well. However, I know very little about German beers and don't find them hoppy enough for me. With that being said, their American drafts and bottles are amazing.
I've also found that this bar gets too crowded with patrons who don't seem to know much about beer and who also don't want to share any of their space or air. It's unfortunate that they are a dissuading factor for visiting Bru.
I've found the host to generally be helpful in getting a table, especially this past Saturday. The host went above and beyond to make sure my group got a table and kindly explained why there would be a wait. 
I've only had a few nibbles like a pretzel and friend Brussels sprouts but have found both to be tasty and prepared well to their own standard.
While I'm reluctant to go to Bru sometimes, I know I will be back because between their regular beer selections and beer events, they really get some of the best brews that come into Philly. Three stars for atmosphere but an extra star for everything else.They have beer on tap that you can serve yourself by buying a prepaid key.. it was pretty cool! In $25 we got about 5 glasses of 16 oz each. The fried Brussels and fried pickles were yummy. The veg burger was pretty good too.I tried this place to watch the world cup games. Many options for beers on tab and good decoration inside... but nothing like real German bar and drinks are in general over priced...   I ordered the curry wurst which wasn't like the one that I had in Germany. But in general the atmosphere was OK.Awesome craft beer selection and happy hour specials! The fried brussell sprouts were so tasty! It was busy but it was also happy hour so that would be expected.Let me just say this, as a native German their food is not authentic. If you have never had an authentic Bratwurst you will probably like it, but in no way does it imitate the real thing. Their Doner Kebap is a joke, don't order it. The service sucks, the bartenders take their good old time to pay attention to you. But I must say the pretzels are pretty good so you can't go wrong with that. The German beer selection is pretty good as well so I can't complain there. The place itself is pretty cool even though the music is way too loud at night. The bar area can get crowded as well. Overall - Meh.Good vibe and good selection of beer; the food was good and although we arrived early - before 11 am it was difficult to find our waitress. I like to ask for suggestions, etc and she was obviously spread thin but the staff was pleasant. 
We ordered the cherry wings but received the buffalo wings but did not see our waitress for awhile so we ate them and they were good. The hummus plate under salads was very good and the potato pancakes were okay- there were a lot of flavors in the heavy pancakes. 
Overall it is a fun place with good food.I've been here a couple of times and always enjoyed it.
I really like the food.  I don't get German food too often and this place does it well, in my opinion.
I've found that I get better service at the bar.  That's fine if it's just one of two of you, but more than that makes it difficult to socialize.  The table service can be a bit slow.
Overall, I plan to come back whenever I'm in Philly.  This is a good place.Went for lunch, the food was ok. Guess people love it for the beers. There are better places to get good German food.Bro central for sure !! It's center city so I guess I can't be too shocked. Bru has a lot of beers to pick from and a nice German based food menu! I have yet to eat here but everytime I browse the food menu I'm interested!I came in to watch some football and try to grab a low carb meal. 
Once I saw that they had Chimay (my favorite) on tap, that definitely didn't happen. 
So I went ahead and gave in and had an order of fried pickles, too. Their fried pickles are a couple of thin spears wrapped in something (maybe bacon?) and then fried. However, because of whatever it's wrapped in, it's very mushy. I really really did not like that texture. 
However, the brats were great and went very well with my beer. The music selection was pretty good, too.
Football, brats, Chimay on tap, and Weezer? Can't really complain.I went to Bru twice because it's a nice place to have a drink. Yeah, it's loud but the crowd is super friendly and we got our drinks quick enough.The happy hr at this place is great! I got two beers and ended up spending $10 with tip! I'm a huge fan of German beer gardens and this place has a great selection. The happy hr is a bit limited, but I still haven't had a beer that I didn't enjoy.
Also, the bacon gravy fries are to die for! I think they're $3 or $4 on happy hr as well. 
All in all, cheap, great atmosphere, great location, and the beer is fantastic!Love their happy hour! I got fried pickles and was was surprised there was bacon in it. And the mussels portions was huge!Thank goodness for Rich. He is the best bouncer/security officer that they have. I was rejected once from this bar for having an out-of-state license by an idiot SUPERVISOR!!! I look young but have never been rejected by a bar. So thankful they have Rich who asked questions about my ID and let me in. Rich is the man! He's wonderful. He better get a raise.I came in on a Tuesday evening towards the end of happy hour. The place was half full, and not rowdy. Ambiance is rustic, yet modern with lots of brick and wood. 
Happy hour is from 4-7 with $4 drafts including Duvel Single and Chimay Cinq Cents. There is also a selection of $5 appetizers, of which I had the Spatzel - it was very tasty, though a bit heavy on the Muenster. 
The beer selection is hard to top, with many local and German drafts on tap. Not withstanding your typical IPA, stout or lagers, the bottle selection is second to few, with rare, and imported selections including many Belgians, Lambics, sours, cask-aged varieties, and other "out there" additions. 
I definitely would come back again, certainly for the beer selection. As for the food, I'll have to report back once I try a few more options.This is an interesting place full of contradictions and great beer. After a weird but awesome show, we were looking for a place to grab a beer before bed with a group of guys. This was not what we had in mind, but it was interesting.
On a Friday night, Bru was hopping. But walking in, the music and staff seemed straight out of a NYC night club. The patrons were everything from nerdy to hipster to classy to ready to party and everything in between and mixing. We grabbed a few beers, it was too loud to talk, but people watching was at its best.
The beer selection is menu worthy - so give yourself a few minutes to order. The "self serve" dispensers might be worthwhile on a crowded day... but honestly were overpriced and limited selection - I'd rather see more tables or standing space.
Fun night, interesting place, I'd go back.I am surprised I haven't; reviewed this yet as I have been here a few times already. Bru is in a great location and it is somewhat fun that you can walk in to the front entrance which has a more serious vibe but then spill out of the back right into the Mcgilans crowd. It is an interesting concept that you can purchase a beer key and pour your own beer. I like that as it gives you the opportunity to try many things on tap without having to bother the bartender. I don't love the little getups they make the bartenders wear but I could see how this may help with their tips and/ or keep the male guests entertained.You know you're going to a good car when the beer list requires a clipboard.  We weren't here for happy hour but the specials were so good that we wish we were.So as promised, I returned to Bru now that they've been open awhile to give them a more comprehensive review. After my last post, the manager invited me back to try them out, and suggested I did so during happy hour, since that's when they had the best deals. Unfortunately, who actually is out of work by 6? (The answer is actually me...but not my husband, and there was no way I was braving this "bro bar" alone.") 
Unfortunately, my expectations were sorely not met although I still really think that this place has a TON of potential, and I just don't think I am their target audience. 
The service: Whoa guys...calm down. You do not need to watch me eat my entire meal and stop by no less than SIX times to ask if everything is okay. Between the hostess, the waitress and the manager, it was like we were being stalked. I get it, they want good tips, they want good reviews. But no one likes the clingy girl at the dance. Try to play a little hard to get. 
As a side note here, I was really taken aback by the servers outfits. I didn't realize that this was Hooters meet German pub. I think there is a slightly more classy way to slutty German barmaid (look at Brahaus on South St. for example.) However, the black booty shorts with suspenders and t shirt really aren't doing it for me.  Honestly, from the front, the apron is longer than the shorts, so it literally looks like they aren't wearing anything on bottom.  Listen, I am all for "if ya got it flaunt it" but I don't think it's fitting in a setting like this that is trying to appeal to the masses. Maybe the management isn't aware they should be appealing to a wider clientele than the Jersey Shore? 
The food: If you are going to have such a limited menu, everything on it has to be SPOT on. Once again, this just seemed like the chef is trying too hard. For example: potato pancakes are good. Green apples are good. Horseradish is good. However, when you put them all together, it a muddled mess for your palette.  The schnitzel I had was WAY overfried and had no flavor. They put ham on it too...who puts ham on schnitzel? Overkill. The bread on my sandwich and on my hub's bratwurst sandwich was also really dry and stale. Also the sign out front that says "The best wurst in the city." It's not true. It's so not true. My husband didn't even finish half of his sandwich! This is a man I have seen eat (and enjoy) peanut butter, grape jelly and sausage sandwiches. The fact that he didn't enjoy his meal says more to me than anything.
Overall: This place is probably appealing to a different demographic than the crowd I usually run with. I am sure they will probably do just fine without my patronage since they can get the overflow from McGillans. But honestly, if you are in the area there are MUCH better options for food and beer.This is one of my favorite bars in Philly. I love taking my friends who are visiting out of town here. There are about 20 (or more) beers on tap. Then, their bottle and can list is seemingly endless. This fits anyone's drink palate...if you just want a bud light...they have that...if you want a unique German beer...they got that! They also participate in summer sips so you can get a beer for $3 and some appetizers. Music is great as well. Place can get pretty packed and that's when it's uncomfortable to be there. There isn't much seating to just plop down and relax with your beer. So anyways..I keep coming back!Great music and service, def a great place to go to on a Friday or Saturday night.
Bru is definitely one of the better bars in Philadelphia,  and I recommend anyone going to the bar.I really enjoy coming here, and even though it's a bit loud and the "bro's" are a bit much, I have never had a bad experience and really enjoy some of the city's best bartenders: Emily, Jessie and Theo. I'll be back and will make sure I bring people to this great new spot!Since a new German craft beer bar just opened blocks from my house, I couldn't wait to get in there and try it! Not only is German beer my favorite, but was excited for a place with 25-30 rotating taps. Unlike Frankford hall where there is minimal German beers on tap, Bru has plenty!  Plus other craft selections.  The "beer wall" is smaller than I expected, only 6-8 beers on the wall to pour yourself. But, still cool I guess!  
I went on a busy Saturday night, I think it was opening weekend, and the bar was packed for march madness.  I went to  hostess stand, she said there was a wait for a table, so took my name down, then immediately called me, I hardly waited!!  Awesome!  All the hostesses and waitresses are really cute!  Def some eye candy if you are a male :-)  Anyway, my roomie and I ordered a few beers and food. The smoked salmon bruschetta w/ arugula was very yummy! I love the cheese and beets on it.  We also had the meatballs which melt in your mouth with a fantastic flavor, and the portebello mushroom sandwich, which I loved!  Filled with tiny mushrooms, and a very strong aged cheese melted all inside. Was fantastic!  Can't wait to go back and try the lamb shoulder flatbread. 
Love this place, I will be back many times.  Am looking forward to some new craft draft selections... Was unimpressed by the coors light on the menu, but I guess that's to please the tourists!  Majority of other beers were pretty good.
Tip: 2 entrances, one on chestnut street, and one in the back alley directly accross from McGillins and Dury st.One of the best beer offerings I'd ever seen. Not only do they have a tremendous selection of draft beers, but their bottled offerings are superb. Many "hard to find" domestic craft beer as well as imports from around the world. There's something for everyone. For a Saturday night, the place was extremely lively with loud 80's/90's rock music playing in the background. 
Our server seemed a bit new, but still did OK, although she probably could have sold us more food and beer if she were more attentive. 
As part of our pre-concert tailgate, we started out with their Bavarian pretzel and then had the Charcuterie which was small, but tasty. Finally had the mussels which were excellent. 
The place is quite massive as they also have a biergarten. Lots of people, lots of great German style food. Don't come here if you're looking for a quiet, romantic evening. Come here to celebrate something.Had a chance to come here, and it was okay at best. The place itself had a nice ambiance to it with that laid back atmosphere. Their beer list was good with a lot of great German beers to domestic crafts. Waitress was attentive and nice, so customer service was pretty good. The food was okay though sadly. It began great with the potato pancakes which were crispy and that  horseradish sour cream was delicious. My BBQ sandwich was a bit bland to say the least. The sauce really had not much of a taste to it. The music was also unbearably too loud, so I could not have much of a conversation with my girlfriend. In the end, I think I would just come here for a beer and some nosh on appetizers.Came here at 6:00 on a Friday night and there was no wait for a party of 4 even though the bar area was very full. It was a little dark for those of us not sitting right next to the window and many patrons were using phone lights to see. The waitress was very attentive and was able to remember our large order without issue. However she didn't let us know it was happy hour, which meant I didn't receive the fries with my brat. A weird happy hour issue that was a little disappointing, but when I tried my friend's fries, I wasn't missing out. I liked the bun on the bratwurst and the sausage itself. My friend found his dönner to be dry and lacking in flavor. It was a cool place to try out!Just what you'd hope for!  Lots of great beers on draft with a bias toward German style beer and food.  The hefeweizen was terrific and was even better with the Bavarian pretzel.  The pretzel was fresh baked.   Warm with a slightly crunchy exterior and a soft chewy center.  The smoke Gouda fondu served with it had a mild smokey and bacon flavor.  Perfection.    Didn't try anything else on the menu, or I would have given it a 5.   I'll be back!!!!!Very disappointing. Bartenders were incredibly rude. If your in college and like to black out - great place for Thursday night. Otherwise, recommend elsewhereI was there for a happy hour with work peeps.. Great beer selection, bratwurst sandwiches, and pretzels... However, the music was wayyyyyy too loud.. We could barely hear ourselves, let alone each other.. Actually looked forward to going back into the hundred degree heat just so we could hear each other again.The waitress was affable and accommodating.
The outside seating area is tiny and cramped.
The selection of craft/international beers is hella ill (lots n lots).
The whole hog, on a spit, being cooked on the sidewalk was kinda surreal.
The plastic "das boot" that you got to drink out of was kinda cheaply made...still had a sharp edge...meh.
Place is aight.