Went here for a party and the food was pre-ordered, but still delicious.  We were sat in the Pope Room, which if you've ever been here, is quite tchotchke and stereotypically Italian, with pictures of popes lining the walls and a giant bust of the pope in plexiglas right in the center of the table.  Gaudy, but charming in a weird way.  Also, we had to meander through the kitchen past the cooks to our table, which was surprising.  It felt like a scene from Goodfellas.
The caesar salad was really good, the bread and oil were a nice touch, and the chicken parm, raviolis, and sausage penne were hearty, filling, and in big portions.  Nothing spectacular, but still decent. Since it was paid for by the head of the party, I can't comment on how good of a deal it was.  I can imagine it's a little more expensive than Oilve Garden.
My main qualm is with our waiter, who kept bugging us about exactly how many people were going to be coming.  We kept trying to tell him that we were expecting one or two more, but we weren't positive if they were coming.  He didn't seem happy.  Maybe he needed the empty plates or something.
After the meal and the giant hunks of chocolate cake for dessert, we wanted to stay and drink some more wine and talk so we could digest the food before leaving.  That's when the manager visited us to see if our meal was good and after we told him it was delicious, he stood there awkwardly and said, "Well, there's another party waiting."  He basically kicked us out.  Can't I sit and enjoy myself for a bit? Whatever.
Overall, food was decent and the decor was something to laugh about.eh, not as good as maggianos.  and they didn't have the entree i wanted when i went.  but the service was good, and they have a room with the popes head in the middle of a large round table because how could you have a dinner without that?The last time I went to Buca was in Pittsburgh in 2005.  This time I went because it's around the corner from my girlfriend's apartment, and we were straight up starving.   I had a decent experience - nothing special.  The cheese garlic bread was yummy.  For the entree, we ordered the gnocchi al telefono which was bland, and only edible after I added some salt and crushed red pepper.    
The waitress was really nice but we felt rushed and got many cues that we had overstayed our welcome.   I understand if the place is really busy but honestly it wasn't.  We weren't there for longer than an hour and half the wine room was empty.  I'm not sure what that was all about.  
I may go back for some cheese garlic bread only because of its proximity but probably not again for any of the pastas.You know what I like about Buca??? Buca doesn't try and pass itself off as a "fancy" Italian restaurant. An Italian chain restaurant would have to pull some amazing recipes out of their ass if they were going to impress an eater from the Philly/NJ/NYC area. We know what really good authentic Italian food taste like. That being said, Buca does not have good authentic, Grandma's recipe Italian food. Buca is a reasonably priced good time waiting to happen. The place is nifty to walk around and laugh at. They have a pope room, complete with John P II bust, which instantly earns an extra star. My girl friend and I have been to Buca several times and we get a kick out of it. I've never taken a big group there, but I certainly would like to. ...i think it would be a blast.
Part of their gimmick is the family style served food....I'm always on the fence as to whether I like this or not.  The fact that I may have to knife fight  someone for the big piece of chicken is a bit of a downer, but at least you'll feel like you earned it. My g/f and I usually order App, Salad, and the smaller portion dinner. It's kind of misses the mark in that area....Italian family style should always end with that uncomfortably full/I wish someone would wheelbarrow me out of here feeling
Here's the recipe for a good time at Buca:
Bring Friends
Laugh
Fill up on Salad and Bread
Eat too much Food
Contemplate a "Purge"
Waddle Home
Thank John M for his awesome review.Good for what it is, I suppose. Nothing really to brag or get excited about. It's just... boring? Service was really crappy; our waiter seemed oblivious. The bill was a little more $$$ than we had hoped. I've eaten here more than once and I'll continue to go. But if you're looking for better Italian, than just pretty mediocre, I'd go elsewhere...Hahah. This place is so 'whatever.' 
It's like a parody of a chain Italian restaurant. 
The portions are ginormious. It's perfect for a bunch of friends to hang out and get a cheap meal, but don't expect to be amazed with delicate flavors, and intricate plating. This is mom's Italian food, served big and fast.This review would have two stars if I hadn't received such lousy service towards the end.
Buca di Beppo is a perfectly serviceable place close by. Definitely a chain-type place, but nothing awful about it. I went because I received a coupon for a free individual lunch entree. I showed this coupon, made my selection and the waiter, perfectly pleasant at this point, made the order. I had a perfectly fine meal - but I've eaten some truly specatcular Italian food in Philly, so I wouldn't give this place anything above 2.5 stars.
When it came time to pay, the waiter came back and told me that the coupon couldn't be used. He offered very little explanation why and said that he could give me a $5 off coupon, leaving me to pay $7 + tax and tip. I wasn't really into that idea, as I only came to Buca for a free meal. I suspect that he made a mistake in telling me that my meal fell within the parameters of the free coupon, as he wouldn't get specific why I couldn't use it. He said he would speak the manager. He came back and hastily dropped off a check for the meal with an employee discount -- less than the $5 off coupon he was trying to sell me on earlier. I asked him again, why the coupon couldn't be used. He said he would get the manager. Five minutes later, he dropped off the check, with the free meal coupon used, without so much as a smile, thank you or apology for turning such a simple transaction into a fiasco that caused me to sit for an additional 20 minutes at my table.
And yes, I was kind enough to leave him a standard tip after all that, but I can't say that I'm returning to this place, much less recommending it to anyone else. I would hope this isn't the normal service one would expect at Buca di Beppo, but all it takes is one bad service to turn a person off from a place.Last time I came here I did the family thing, and it was fantastic, from our salad, entree, dessert. Thank you for the experience, and the bread.
This time we did individual lunches. Do you have any idea how difficult it is to find meatballs alone at a restaurant in this city? Well, Buca has a half pounder waiting for you in delicious marinara.
They also have fun drinks and great prices, and even better, get on their email list for promotions all the time, like 10 dollars off 20, free birthday cake, and world pasta day (where you get a free package of pasta and a 10 dollar off coupon for your next visit :) )
It might be a chain, but they treat you well and have hearty food, and charming decor. (Just avoid using the bathroom, because you'll never want to leave.) Also, when you come in, they ask if you've ever been to Buca before, and offer you a tour of the kitchen. Adorable.I'm not a fan of chain restaurants, especially, italian chain restaurants but this one is the exception. This is the second year in a row we've gone to Buca di Beppo after the Philadelphia University fashion show. At first, we were annoyed because there was a 40 minute wait. Several waiters apologized for the inconvenience and began serving appetizers to everyone waiting to be seated. I cannot begin to explain how quickly this act of kindness changed everyone's mood. They didn't give much food but just the fact that they thought of their customers waiting miserably for a table and tried to accomodate everyone made me and my friends very happy. 
Once we were seated, our waitress arrived immediately and was very friendly. We ordered the walnut gorgonzola salad and fried calamari as appetizers. The salad served six but, honestly, I could have eaten the entire serving because it was good!We were so hungry, the appetizers were gone within ten minutes. Next, was the entrée and we decided to share a large pizza. Normally, I would have suggested the margherita pizza (my favorite) but my friend insisted we try something different. Ok....let's try something different!  So, we ordered the chicken pesto pizza. It wasn't good...IT WAS GREAT!!!! I loved it so much I ate 4 slices! 
The evening was topped off with their newest dessert....Colossal Brownie Sundae. It was definitely large and very good but I was a little disappointed because I felt like it was mostly whipped cream and not enough brownies. No big deal because everything else exceeded my expectations!It's a really nice place to go with a big group. The pizza is so awesome but a bit greasy. The eggplant parm is probably the best dinner entree I've had there. But the dessert is really out of this world. Really delish chocolate cake and cheesecake. It's a bit pricey but the food is worth it.This has to be the worst Italian restaurant I ever been too. Its downright disgusting. I first went for a friends birthday in December 08. I ordered the sampler which was ok. Then I ordered a pasta with calamari in. Now I had calamari before but they serve the whole body head and all attached EKKK!! so I sent it back and took home Lasagna. That was the worst lasagna I ever tasted in my whole entire life.
Then my job holiday party was there december 09. THE FOOD SUCKS PERIOD! Never ever going BACK!
The tiramisu had so much liquor in it YUCK!I can't believe I'm publicly admitting to having gone here.
I can't believe I went here.
I can't believe I'm giving it 4 stars. 
Someone should probably punch me in the face. 
For the record, I am very anti-going-to-chain-restaurants-in-the-city. How many amazing Italian options do we have?! Enough that this should never have to happen, right? 
WRONG. After many adult beverages at a nearby bar, I wanted pasta. But it was too late to go to a liquor store. So my date and I looked at each other, swore we'd never tell anyone, and ducked into Buca di Beppo. And then took buddy photos with the cardboard cutout Danny DeVito in the entrance way. 
Anyways, we had some bread, cheapish house chianti, and some sort of delicious pasta dish with spicy Italian sausage and bitey sauce. That pasta was GOOD. I was floored. The amounts of everything were perfect. Especially the wine. The house wine jug had a lot of wine in it. Mmmhmm. 
And then, I ate a mediocre cannoli. Regardless, the meal as a whole and the atmosphere, wait staff, wine, pasta, and general willingness to serve us booze without us having to go to the liquor store? I'd definitely go again if stuck in the area, craving noodles, without a liquor store hope.Not really sure why this place is still open, its ok but compared to the other places in Philly, not very good quality.  Too chainy.Not my cup of tea.
  The small portions feeds two. The food is just average. My ravioli tasted like it was either frozen and re-heated or dried and then cooked. It didn't taste fresh. 
  The service was great, our waiter was cute and very informative. 
Tip: Bring your friends but share the plates!Great place to bring a group of friends or with your family. The food was amazing and generous portions made it even more enjoyable. With the 6 of us, we purchased two apps and 3 entrees which was more than enough food to pack and give to a homeless woman once we were done. One thing, don't get the sangria, possibly the worst tasting sangria I've ever had.
The waitress was phenomenal, funny, nice, interactive  and gave a tour of the kitchen and took photos for us. She was very very enjoyable and waiters/waitresses should be more like her. Makes your night a lot more memorable.I love this place I go here whenever I get a large group together or want a big cheap good meal for 2.This is very much a "corporate credit card account" meeting spot. Although it's probably the most believable location of these nationwide faux-Italian family eateries, you're in Philly... step your game up.
However, when you need to cater to people who favor this sort of funkless fun, Buca is old faithful. I like the Margharita Pizza and the array of salads. Just don't get too carried away on the entrees.
Hey... it's more authentic (by a .333333 point) than Olive Garden, right?
If restaurants were graded on stereotypes, this would meet the A-List. Instead, it's just a kind of spot that you could bring your suburbia-loving in-laws or whatever have you.I actually had never been to this place, a chain restaurant known for gaudy Italian American kitsch and party size platters of food. Well the Philly location was a pretty quiet place when the six of us marched in. I just can't find anything worth jumping up and down about. I mean I get it --it's loud with all the Sinatra and Pacino pics but the food just isn't all that grand.
Sure, the bruschetta was fine, with the chopped tomatoes on top. But I can't recommend ever ordering the rest of the entrees again: a exceedingly sweet chicken marsala, an Aunt-someone-or other chicken dish with sun dried tomatoes that congealed quickly and had little taste; also a rigatoni dish that got gummy and had little flavor. Even the calamari, well, I think it was that --well it was OK but not out of the park fantastic. The wine, a Cabernet, was much too steep ($39) for the low quality of the dishes we had. It's not that we ended up hungry. We just didn't find anything really exceptional. The server tried to make things enjoyable, but we really wouldn't ever revisit this no matter what city we were stuck in across the country.This is not the place to have a business lunch or take someone to impress them. (Picture Michael from the Office taking everyone out to lunch. This is where they would be.)
This is a kitschy kitsch restaurant in all of it's kitsch glory. But that's why you go! Yes there are plastic grapes hanging from the ceiling, yes there are pictures of the Pope and yes you get a tour of the kitchen before your meal, but you didn't think it was going to be Le Bec-Fin, did you?
Family-sized portions are perfect for sharing. The meatballs are as big as my head, so order wisely. I recommend the garlic bread to start, a huge glass of coke then one pasta dish to share and one meat dish to share.
This is the perfect place to take someone to embarrass them on their birthday.I've been here a couple times with some of the staff from Fado.  It's not fantastic fancy italian food but it's carby goodness and it hits the spot (especially if you've been drinking).  
The decorations of this place are insane.  Never did I dream seeing a Lazio and AC Milan scarf hanging side by side.I highly recommend Buca Di Beppo. I loved it! Although the decor was rather strange, with intensely Italian and Catholic themes. Besides the decor, I thoroughly enjoyed the food and the environment. It was busy and a little crowded which I like cause people don't listen in on your conversations. The food is served in family style so the portions are huge. No joke. Plenty for everyone, seriously. I had appetizer and an entree and didn't have room for dessert, although I really wished I had room in my stomach. 
Make sure you make reservations. It's really crowded and busy. 
Overall, I was satisfied completely.Chain pseudo-Brooklyn-Italian (Immigrant cuisine circa 1954) in whopping huge portions.  (Only recently has Buca Mio - for one - become an option.)
They make a passable Chicken Marsala and decent pizza.  It is, indeed, carby goodness!
I have my ordering down to a science - especially when dining alone.
I get a side of fettucine alfredo with the alfredo sauce on the side (so I can control the amount of glop).  A side order is HUGE.  Then I order ONE SINGLE (yummy) meatball - which is the size of a small baby's head.  (*ouch, the imagery*).
I then slice up the meatball and put the red sauce ("It's Gravy if you're from soufilly") and a bit of the alfreddo over the pasta.
A tasty heart attack on a plate.
The decor is loud and so are the clients.  This is the only restaurant I've been to where the table in the kitchen (it's a hoot) is QUITER than the tables in the dining rooms.
Check out the "pope room" and the ladies room while your there.  What a hoot!
Gourmet - mais, non - but fun?  Why, yes!FANTASTIC trip there. Wonderful bread and family style meal. Delicious fresh food! Though items are placed on the menu with specific ingredients, they will do whatever alterations you would like. Extremely interesting decor and "tour" when you are first seated. Be sure to check out all the crazy art!Good food family style. Huge portions. For us, cheap. Except for hubby's beer. We ate basic Italian, nothing fancy. Great value. Not my all time fav Italian in Philly, but that's like asking for the best cheesesteak...we have so much to try!  We will definitely be back!!!We attended a 7 year old child's birthday party here - 26 kids and about 20 grownups in 2 separate dining areas.  Service was amazingly smooth for a party that large and chaotic.  All had salad (caesar or classic), bread and baked rigatoni.  Kids got to "make their own" pizza" in shifts at the chef's table in the kitchen.
Bucca is not the greatest food - but for a 7 year old's luncheon party it's a neat choice.  The kids had a ball.  The adults took excedrin.
Sasa and Kyle and our other serves were amazingly patient. Thank you!Very good family style Italian restaurant.  I am not all that familiar with this kind of Italian, so it was interesting.  Unfortunately, there are only two of us, so there is SO much food.  The waiter seemed disappointed because we were not buying as much food as the families around us...but I refuse to buy more food than I'll eat and we were already had that covered.
Truly good food.  I just wish there was less of it, believe it or not..but that is just how the restaurant serves...so it's my problem, not theirs.  Overall, I'd go again and I'd enjoy it.  Leftovers are never a bad thing, either.Maybe if I had under developed taste buds like a child, I would have liked this place.
I stopped by for a really late dinner last night with a friend after going to a couple other spots nearby that were full.  Bad idea!!
Walking inside, you basically have a visual overload.  Too much stuff going on everywhere.  If I was stoned it would have freaked me out big time.  I have been to many other Italian restaurants, that had the essence of Italy, without literally bringing Italy into the restaurant. Enough on that part.
The place was a ghost town so seats were plentiful.  This place can accomodate a large number of people, which is good, because it seems to be a family style restaurant.
The menu has a variety of dishes, which I really didn't focus too much on since most of the dishes on the menu are for families.  A small will feed like 2-3 people and large dishes feeds 4+.  There is a small section for individual sized dishes, which I ordered from.  Nothing was too exciting, so I ordered the spaghetti and meatball.
The drink menu had wines and a few cocktails.  The beer list had the usual players, Heineken, Corona etc.  Blah Blah.
When we got our dishes, mine was exactly as it said.  Spaghetti with "Meatball."  One giant meatball on top of pasta.  Thrilling.  The meatball was so fresh.  No taste at all.  Not enough salt or pepper could put spice into the sauce or the meatball.  I was so "under"-whelmed.
Service was good.  Although we were one of the only people in the restaurant at a late hour, our waiter was very pleasant and attentive. 
Forgettable food from an unforgettably, visually stimulating restaurant.first off, i dont really like Italian food, or food that classifies itself as Italian. I love things that are used in Italian cooking though, but for some reason when prepared together, i am never impressed. unless its pizza. mostly its just too heavy and not very exciting in general. 
anyway, we had our work Christmas dinner here. there were like 24 of us or so. we were loud, wild, and most of us were drunk. we were also starving. and i mean super starving bc we're all so broke that we dont really eat often. so if we're eating on the company's dime, you better believe we're going to pig out. 
we everything family style which was the best way to do it. we just kept eating for hours, it was really almost disgusting. and everyone kept drinking and drinking. i think they could only get like 2 bottles of house wine on the company's dime, but that didn't stop anyone from ordering more and more. it was also a coworkers birthday so we made the staff bring her out cake and we sang to her. we were the group from hell i assure you. but the staff put up with us fairly well but they def had to kick us out. 
the food was the kind of food you eat  just to eat and get full, so it did the trick. nothing fancy or memorable. but it was good enough so that i kept eating it. 
the restuarant itself is pretty entertaining. lots to look at and see. the bathrooms fucking rule. everything has a theme and tons of pictures to go along with the theme. 
i wouldnt go back again with friends or family, but i wouldnt pass up another company dinner here.Seafood Trio appetizer was disappointing.  Fried calamari was not good -- soggy and unappetizing.  Pieces of calamari were strangely small.  It was surprisingly bad, even by Buca standards -- why would they mess up deep-frying some squid? -- but it was not crispy at all.  Mussels are okay.  Out of the three things in the platter, the shrimp was the tastiest, but rather salty.This past weekend, I was faced with the insurmountable task of finding a center city restaurant that would not threaten or confuse my suburban family.  I knew that they have an unholy affinity to chain Italian spots, so i chose to book our group of 25 loud and obnoxious firefighters and waitresses at Buca Di Beppo, assuming that the food would be non threatening to my fam, and that the excessively tacky decor would please them.  Not only was I correct about this, but I was genuinely surprised at the goodness of some of the food, and the amazing service we received.
        As for the food, our group had a set menu of chicken parmesan, spaghetti and meatballs, cheese manacotti, salad, bruschetta and gelato.  The salad was no better or worse than your standard mixed greens with bottled italian dressing.  The bruschetta was similarly average, and the chicken parm was not spectacular.  However, the cheese manacotti was actually impressively seasoned and did not have that weird runny character that you get at say, The Olive Garden, and the gelato was as good as any I have had elsewhere, including Capogiro.  
       The service is truly what elevated this revue to four stars from three.  Our server, Will, was efficient and friendly, and handled everything my family threw at him with grace.  It may sound odd, but my family can really be hyper critical of servers and not a single one of them had any complaints.  This is a huge feat.  Not only were the mechanics of the service near flawless, but last minute changes and special requests were handled seamlessly.
      While I would not go to Buca on my own since I live in South Philly and have access to the real thing, I would recommend it to anyone in a similar position of needing a venue that pleases many different tastes and can cope with large and loud groups.Worst.  Food. Ever.  This is the poor man's Carmines.  This restaurant made me realize I can never leave New York, because it's just not the same...anywhere.  
Buca di Beppo...we came up with many nicknames for this place during and after....but anyway, the place is ridiculously over-decorated.  One room was hardcore Vatican with a bust of the Pope in the middle of the table spinning.  Mmmm.  Little much. The palce is also hardcore topsy-turvy we had to walk through the kitchen just to get to our table and good luck trying to find the bathroom and then your way back to your table.   But let's cut to the food shall we??
Tasteless. Tasteless. Tasteless.  So bland.  i couldn't add enough salt and pepper to my food.  At one point I just gave up.  Our guy friends ordered the Chicken Marsala and they were immediately complaining that it tasted like the chicken was soaked in maple syrup.  They can be a little dramatic so I tasted it for myself.   Ummmm....yup--really?!? Maple Syrup.  So sweet! Chicken Marsala is not supposed to be sweet! So they sent it back--yeah we were those people.  Our waiter came over and even the manager, who was like "yeaaaahhhh....it is a little sweet."  CHICKEN MARSALA IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE SWEET!!! Blech! I guess the best part of the meal was the caesar salad and that even was subpar.  We couldn't even get the beers we wanted---our waiter came back 3 different times like "ohh, yeaah--we're out of that...uhhuh we're up to that too...and oh yeah--that one---seems like we don't have that either." Terrible.  Terrible.  Anyway, some people really love this place, but I'm not willing to give it another try.  My stomach didn't recover for a good 4 days afterwards.  Mmm.  Oh no. Never again.Been here a few times, usually with coupons / when too tired to cook.  It's kitschy.  Food is okay.
Linguine Frutti di Mare: I enjoyed it well enough -- it had a generous amount of seafood.  Could use a bit more flavour.
Chicken Saltimbocca: Pretty good.  Chicken was nicely fried, not overcooked, and dish was flavourful.
Service is great: waiters seem helpful & enthusiastic when telling you about the place or bringing you bread / olive oil.Last time I went to this chain was in 2002 in San Fran.  I loved it.  This time...  I am not sure what I loved so much.
The food was decent for the price and the service was fast.  But it seemed a little greasy for my tastes and a little bland.  Dessert was great!
Overall a good place for a big group to get dinner when they dont want to spend mucho dinero and want it fast.Well, I don't even know where to begin with this one. Yesterday I had the displeasure of going to this tacky wannabe "Italian" restaurant. First things first, I was already in a foul mood since my mother decided it would be fun to go see the musical "RENT". I ask the question, "Uh Mom, you know this play is about AIDS right?". Her reply "Really?? Nope didn't know that te-he." So, I give it  the old college try and only manage to make it through the first act before I had to leave. The rest of the family stayed and afterwords we decided to meet at this establishment
First things first. We were there about 30 min before there rest of the group. The first thing we notice when we walk in? No one, and I mean no one is there. Not a good sign. We go to the empty bar and have a seat. First, we're the ONLY ones besides waitstaff so you figure the would be prompt with the attention. Uh nope. You know the phrase, never assume cause it makes an ass out of u and me. Anywho after about 10 min. our bearded barback (which, on a side note, it seems all of the waitstaff besides the women had beards....) finally asks what we would like. I order a gin and tonic with a lemon and the lady orders an Iced tea. He gets the drinks to us fairly quickly, but he was a bit puzzled by the $20 I was using to pay. The confusion, it seems, stemmed from the fact that he didn't put in his till. So, after another 10 min, I was able to pay for our drinks. A few moments later our party of 12 arrived and we were seated. 
So, the first thing is they walk you through the kitchen. Lamesauce. The waitstaff was sitting at a table in the back and each of them looked at our party with disdain. Not very welcoming at all. Next, we were seated in a room with a large lazy Susan in the middle. In the middle of this contraption was a bust of the Pope. Ok, wierd and creepy doesn't even begin to describe this. On the walls, portraits and pictures of past popes. Just the ambiance I was looking for while I eat. So, our waiter comes by an takes the drink order and our app order. Easy enough. Also says he is going to bring some bread. Long story short, never brought bread, messed up the drinks and messed up the appetizers. On the apps, we ordered fried mozzarella and bruchetta. Only got the mozzarella, which wasn't enough for 12 peeps. Then, about 15 min later they brought out the brushetta. Waiter said the kitchen must have forgotten. Uh, dude, we're the only people here. How the hell could they have fogotten? So, then we order entrees. Which, somehow, came out all together. 
The entrees were veal parm that was tough and chewy according to my better half. Bleeech is a good word for that dish in her words. Some chicken and with penne pasta in a pesto sauce with broccoli that I didn't have and some various stuffed pasta. You would think it was enough for 12 people but it wasn't. And since it wasn't, my family started to piss and moan. I had enough. 
Between our mildly retarded bartender, our completely inept waiter, and a kitchen that just seemed to stop caring about the food they were preparing, it was all I could take. Before I even took a bite of the garbage that was in front of me, I left. I hadn't eaten anything that day and was absolutely starving, but I just knew this wasn't for me. I told everyone that I just couldn't bring myself to eat this garbage, turned to the girlfriend and said I would wait for her in the car which was on 15th and Chestnut. I have never in my life walked out of a restaruant, but the experience at this joint was enought to make me do so. 35 min later she showed up and basically confirmed what I had already surmised. The food was absolutely horrible. Chewy veal, undercooked penne, and frozen manicotti was her report on the "food". Looks like I made the right choice by not staying. I know I would've had the squirts later on if I did judging by her description of the meal she had just eaten.  
Congrats Buca di Beppo. You are my first 1 star review. How you can screw up food as simple as the dishes you serve is beyond me but you managed to do so. I can honestly say that I will never, ever, ever step foot in this establishment again. A word to the wise. Don't go there. It's on 15th st and there are much, much better places to eat. This is a waste of time and money, unless you have a weird Pope fetish.This wasn't so bad, in my opinion. 
Large groups can come here and try to reserve ahead of time for busier days like Friday and Saturday. They have busts of various popes all over the place. We half-jokingly expected a head like in Futurama or similar to crop up on the table, or some pope's fingernail somewhere to show up.
There was a large group of us, about 15, and we chose the family portion meal - four entrees (2 pastas, eggplant parm, a chicken dish), a couple of appetizers, and a dessert. Plenty of pasta came out, and we had to reorder the chicken, but the dishes were generally hot, came out whenever they were done, and tasted pretty much like your average Italian food for the masses. There's nothing special about the food, but you can eat all you want, and they'll bring out more as you request it. A fun, loud restaurant to bring people if they've never been. House wines weren't horrible, the red wasn't too strong at all, and the waitstaff, though absent for notable chunks of time, pretty much were there whenever the food was being moved to or from the table.
There's parking in a garage nearby but I don't remember what that's called...Here's the thing. Bucca di Beppo will not be the best Italian food you ever eat. Bucca di Beppo will not offer the best atmosphere in which you've ever dined. Bucca di Beppo will not even be the most affordable restaurant you've patronized. 
That said, Bucca di Beppo is probably the best place you can go with a large group when you have a set, though not shoestring, budget and want to make sure everyone leaves reasonably satisfied. Definitely cheaper than having to order individual entres for everyone. 
The fare is good, if nothing to write home about, and the portions are more than large enough to make sure no one goes home hungry. The menu is large enough to put a variety of flavors on the table, and its all presented nicely enough to satisfy real adults as opposed to just middle school students. 
The atmosphere is a little corny with its signing waiters and picture-covered walls, but the staff a very used to dealing with the oddities of waiting on large groups. Our waitress was extremely patient with our non-English-speaking guests and dealt very well with the constant drink orders, garbled questions, and tight schedule. 
In short, I wouldn't go to Bucca di Beppo for an anniversary dinner, but I would definitely go back the next time I have to shepherd around a dozen out-of-towners.The decor in this place is basically a parody of chain Italian restaurants.  Where a normal, reasonably decorated place might have a photo or two of the pope and a few little Italian knick-knacks on shelves Buca seems to have an aversion to having any space unfilled.  The walls are covered with hundreds of photos, carvings, paintings, Christmas lights, and basically anything else they can affix to the wall firmly enough to prevent guests from removing it, not that any sane person would want to.
My favorite location by far is the pope room.  I am not making this up.  They have a room devoted solely to images of, decorations related to, and in the middle of the table a large bust of The Pope.  It is so astonishingly over the top that you absolutely must take a look at it, although I'd hesitate to actually eat in it.
As for food, I've always been happy with what I've gotten.  It can actually get somewhat expensive if you have, say, less than three or four people, because their portions are so huge you will either explode or be forced to take most of it home in a doggy bag.  There are a few dishes I like, such as the lemon chicken, goat-cheese chicken, and garlic bread.  Service?  No problems here.
As long as you know what you're getting into, Buca is great and great fun.  Go for it!Walked by tonight and saw that it's closed for good.  Good riddance as it was horrible and made the OG look gourmet.I've been here several times as I live right across the street. It is totally wheelchair accessible which is always a good thing. Something I love is having a meal where I eat ALOT and this places servings suite my tastes quite well. Recently I ordered the seafood platter with grilled shrimp, mussels and fried calamari. So good. It's pretty 'chain-ish' but comfortable enough to enjoy yourself.I try to review small businesses rather than chains, but I'm making an exception for Buca. The story is that, the first two or three times I went to Buca I believed I was eating in a one-of-kind chestnut of an Italian restaurant. Perhaps that only proves how ignorant I was back then of the culinary scene, but I also think it says something about the restaurant, and maybe the branch on 15th Street (though I haven't been in any of their other branches.) 
For those of you that haven't been to a Buca di Beppo before, the place is family-style Italian-American, which means one entree can feed three or four people. Along those lines, it's a pretty cool place to go with a big group of friends, order three or four entrees, and let everyone try everything. 
The walls are bedecked with tons of quirky photographs, which I suppose are mass produced in the "Buca Factory" in South Asia, or wherever it may be, but the decor is still interesting enough to keep you curious throughout your dining experience. 
And I definitely dig the food. The kitchen is clean as whistle; I know this because I've taken the kitchen tour several times. In authentic Italian fashion, the cooks make most dishes with an extreme excess of olive oil and garlic. Prosciutto finds its way into a lot of classic dishes, like chicken Parmesan, and the garlic bread -- I don't know if the breads are baked in house but the texture and flavor are on the right side of awesome. The thin crust pizza's are great, too, and if you do decide to go with a big group, you'd be selling yourself short if you didn't work at least one pie into the mix.
So the God honest truth is that Buca Di Beppo (I think it means "Joe's Basement," by the way) is in my heart probably worth more than the three stars I'm giving it. I just couldn't bring myself to give it a four, primarily because no real foodie can give a four to a chain: it just doesn't seem right, especially to the little man.Obnoxious shtick chain Italian restaurant.  Low quality food for people who don't know any better served "family style" so that, while dazzled at all of the kitsch on the walls, people think they're at a good place because of the massive portions.
I don't care if you think you had a great time because you got loaded on white zin in the "Pope Room" and had them crate up the remaining food..  You got taken!  
There are thousands of restaurants better than Buca Di Beppo and those like it.  Don't waste your money here (by the way:  not cheap!).  Search Yelp, do a little research and go elsewhere.We've ordered take out from here several times and every time it's been very good. When your in the mood for some good pasta and don't feel like making it this is where I would resort. I can't comment on the service since all I did was order over the internet then go in to pick up and pay. They did that right with no problems so I can't imagine them having poor customer service.My first experience eating here was a rather unexpected one. Walking around looking for a place to grab some dinner, our friend jumped through the door and made the irrational decision to just eat here. Not knowing what to think we just went along with it. We had never even heard of the place before. 
When asked if we'd like to have a tour of the kitchen, my boyfriend of course said yes. While moaning and disagreeing the whole time, we walked around the kitchen and finally got to our seat. I'm definitely a huge sucker for obscene amounts of photographs hanging on the wall. I just love having things to look at. 
The meal itself was really quite good. It filled all 3 of us up on a family size portion. Both boys I was with are certainly not of the small variety. The staff was very pleasant and answered all our ridiculous questions. 
The second visit was much more planned. Having dinner with my boyfriends mom and her boyfriend wasn't exactly the pivotal point of a visit back to Philadelphia. We decided to try Buca again as the last time was really enjoyable. 
Yet again we took the kitchen tour, and his mother and her boyfriend were beyond impressed. She asked far more questions than any one person should ask. 
The meal itself was quite terrific, and we were able to order enough of the smaller sizes to give everyone the opportunity to get different things and try it all out. Our waiter was the most charismatic service staff I've pretty much ever had. He answered every question my boys mom could throw at him, and was really courteous as to not disturb us while we enjoyed each course. 
The ladies room was very clean, and well kept. There were even photographs displayed all over the walls. And as I mentioned, I'm surely a fan of the over use of photographs. 
I'm certainly planning another visit here when I'm back in town.The food here was definitely good. I had the seafood platter for appetizer and then for dinner I shared the spaghetti and meat balls and the Prosciutto stuffed chicken. The service here was great and I definitely like the environment they have going on in the restaurant. The hostess even ask if you would like to have a tour of the restaurant's kitchen.LOVE LOVE LOVE. I've been here numerous times and I was satisfied and happy every single time. 
For appetizer, I've gotten lobster fondutta, cheesy bread florentine, and calamari. All are AMAZING. Entree choices have been baked ziti, spicy chicken rigatoni, penne arrabbiata, and few others that I can't remember but have all been amazing. Their tiramisu dessert isn't bad, however not the best. Their small size feeds up to 3 and they're not kidding. Do not attempt to eat it by yourself, last time I tried, I didn't even make a dent on it. Their large feeds up to six people, but it's best to order 2 different smalls rather than a large for variety. 
If you mentioned that it was your first time, they will take you on a tour of their restaurant, including the kitchen! Pretty neat actually. 
The service is phenomenal as well. The waiters I've had has been super nice and charming, not to mention cute! I hated an alcoholic drink that I ordered and barely touched it. The waiter noticed and offered to take it back with no charge! 
Next time I need my Italian food fix, I'm coming back here. And that craving is just about every week. Definitely love the family/group of friends atmosphere. Only downside? Certain areas of the restaurant has no service, but with good food and good company, who cares right?You know, I knew it would be bad when I agreed to go, but I went for the thing of it.  It's very much a novelty place.  Buca di Beppo is not known for their high class cuisine.  They're known for their cheesy Italian kitcshy ambiance and their big portions.  
The idea behind "family style" restaurants is that you pay more money for the food, but it can be split up between several people.  So it evens out.  NOT.  When I went to Buca di Beppo the other day, there were four of us.  We ordered three appetizers and two entrees.  You have the choice of small or large for each plate you get.  We got small for everything.  Beverages included two beers, a glass of wine, and a soda.  The bill came to $120.  What the hell is that?  If we'd all gone to the Olive Garden (similar, but the food is better and the salad is free), it would have been $60.  So I don't understand what we paid for.  
The salads were okay.  But I could make one twice as big for half as much money.  I'm not getting coaxed into going here again.I've been to Buca Di Beppo, but not at this particular location.  I have to admit, the atmosphere is loud and crazy.  The menu was posted on the wall, and some of the older folks in my party had trouble reading it from our table, and had to walk over to read it.  As Italian food goes, this wasn't the best I've had.  This is a place to take the family, not for a romantic dinner.  The ambiance was very loud, and the wait staff seemed a bit stressed out.  All in all, it was not the most pleasant dining experience I've had, and we felt a bit rushed with our meal.  The pope room seemed like a lot of fun, but I felt sorry for the people who decided to eat in the kitchen...where they paraded everyone to watch you as you ate.  I prefer Maggiano's Little Italy over this place.I would have to say that Buca di Beppo has to be one of the best restaurant experiences that I have had in Philadelphia. 
The food was served family style and I had the chicken parm... and it was delicious. The food was ready fast, the bread was wonderful, and the overall atmosphere was great.
Although i was reminded at some instances of Olive Garden, I still would have to recommend giving this place a try.
It's great for bringing the kids or going on a romantic dinner date.After the fabled tour of the restaurant which I assume Anthony Bourdain would roll eyes at assuming he thinks of eating at such a place..you shove the pasta on your mouth and there your mind goes....Too sour , i know its Italian but compared to Carrabba's they may be a little bit on the Tomato side of things on sauces , take advice from The Mob guy from The Godfather  Peter Clemenza"then you  add a pinch of Sugar Mikey"..Anyway with all the memorabilia inside  you would mistaken the place as a tourist spot of Roma with a twist of religious artifacts and naughty artifacts we can all safely say Fridays is not only the place which will over do mementos. The Spaghetti and Meatballs was huge on the meatballs my son liked it so I say it passes. The Veal was not as expected , one more thing the staff there were not as happy and enthusiastic as the Carrabba folks are.Buca Di Beppo is another chain Italian style restaurant like Maggiano's and Carrabba's. I heard about Buca's "fun house decor" so I Took my cousin Manny who is 10 and my niece Jasmine who is 14 going on 20. I thought they would enjoy the fun atmoshere. And they did. We were given a tour of the restaurant by the hostess who explained the concept of the decorating style. She told us that it was patterned after an uncle named Joe who liked to entertain and cook for relatives in the basement of his home and he decorated it with all the junk accumulated over the years. I thought it was campy and over the top. Manny asked if we could eat in the booth located in the kitchen and off we went to dine while the kitchen staff pounded out all those meals and they were seemingly oblivious to our presence except occasionally coming to our table to let us taste various dishes. Needless to say we were stuffed and quite pleased. We really enjoyed the Pizza served on tomato cans and I loved the house wine, a Chianti called Spada. They had to wheel us out in Uncle Joe's old wheel barrow!I've been to Bucas in Cherry Hill and Exton, so I usually know what to expect.  I usally like to bring clients because it is a fun atmosphere.  I had a terrible time at the Philadelphia location.  Like usual we got a tour of the kitchen and we had to suffer through a server meeting.  I like to see the servers eating and, all.  It usually makes it seem like a nice family-like place to work.  But I was not happy walking through to hear a manager scolding her workers.  I mean this lady was brutal and it really put me off that I had to see that.  Other than that everything was great.  The menu changed since my last visit, but our server was a doll and really took the time to explain the new items.  My only suggestion is that they don't give tours while Medusa is lashing out at the employees.It's Buca... they're all the same.  Over the top decorations, pictures of naked women in the bathroom, Italian music, a giant head of the pope, enormous meatballs...
Figured Buca would be a good place to go on the eve of the Broad Street 10 Miler.  Between three of us we split the large spaghetti and meatballs and a large garlic bread.  The bread is pretty much crappy.  I did have the garlic bread with the cheese once which I remember being a lot better.  The spaghetti and oversized meatballs did the job between us.  No it wasn't anywhere near the best pasta dish I've had.  But we left there stuffed.  We even got the rest to go in case we saw a homeless guy on the street.  We're thoughtful like that.... ;-)
Anyway, it's been 4 years since my previous visit to Buca di Beppo and will probably be another 4 years till my next one... like some sort of crappy presidential election.
Oh, but it was nice that the waiter was very good about bringing us water.  We must have downed like 15 glasses between the 3 of us.I've been to Buca di Beppo previously and in both cases, I recall too much food.  Anyway, this time around, it was my friend's girlfriend's birthday.  He had made reservations for the pope table (I've dined at the pope table before and it really creeps me out).  But he had made reservations for 7:45 pm and our party was almost all there.  They told us that the table wasn't ready yet so I was under the impression it was being cleaned.  Little did we know, they had allowed a reservation at 7:15!  We waited almost an hour AFTER our reservations for this table.  And they acted like they were not at fault!  Such BS!
Finally after being seated, we ordered.  The server was nice, and it's not his fault anyway.  It's the stupid host/manager that booked the table.
The food was okay.  There was just too much cheese in all of the dishes.  Seriously, it makes you feel like a pig shoveling goop into your mouths.  The only dish I really enjoyed was the Chicken Saltimbocca.  
As for dessert, we brought in an ice cream cake and asked them to take it out to defrost.  Apparently defrost to them meant giving us a ruined melted cake...awesome..  
Nothing really was worthy of revisiting Buca.  The decor will give you nightmares; it's just that creepy.Like Linda Blair in The Exorcist, the power of Christ compels me to write a review of this God-awful place. 
I'd passed by Buca di Beppo (both the location in Cherry Hill and the one in center city) several times. Always with a little shudder and the hope that I would never set foot in the restaurant. I can't really explain it, but the tacky sign and other adornments gave me the creeps... and that was just the exterior of the building. 
When a group of us decided to go out for a pasta dinner before several friends were set to run the Philly marathon, I thought we were all set for a night of Maggiano's or some other reasonably priced chain with lots of carbs on the menu. Not so. Every Italian restaurant in the city was booked-- with the exception of Buca. 
While I can't remember all the various items we ordered, I do remember that the portion sizes were gluttonous and I left feeling nauseous. If ever you find yourself wandering down 15th street on a dark and hungry night, avert your eyes and continue on until you reach a safe haven!