Fast.  Fresh.  The carne was very good.  So was the guacamole.  Wish there was the ability to customize taco toppings.  The tortilla chips were too thick.  The dulche de leche  soft serve ice cream was amazingly delicious.  Wish that there was more seating.  Wish that table clean ups were more timely and more thorough.I am obsessed with this place! They have great and quick service. Great place for a affordable, good quality and quick bite (carryout service available ). I always get the fish of the day and it never disappoints.  Today the perch was great but my favorite is Mahi mahi. Love this new addition to Callowhill businesses!This is my second time at Buena Onda, and I'm ordering my favorite dish--the Mahi Mahi tacos. I live in California where there are plenty of Fresh Mex restaurants, but Buena Onda has the best tasting fish tacos hands down. The fish is lightly grilled, moist and seasoned just right wrapped in fresh tortillas, garnished with pickled relish and small thin slices of avocado. The tacos are served in a taco holder which makes it easier to pick up and relish every bite! The restaurant itself is bright and clean, quick service and friendly staff. There are other menu options besides fish and the prices are cheap--fish tacos are at $3.50 per order.Would be firm 4 star place, but the misses were plenty. 
Let's just get it out of the way, the tacos are pretty legit. I eat at the taco trucks and the down and dirty corner stores and these are pretty good. The restaurant did right by not pricing themselves out of this market. It is a tad pricey, but i think it is worth it--$3.50 per. 3 = $10.50. Mexican places hover around 3 for $8-9, so the price point isn't too far off. 
What separates and warrants the additional pricing is the finished product compared to traditional Mexican spots. Instead of just the meat being center attention, there are Buena Onda has additional garnishes that elevate a typical street food. 
I ordered:
-fried mahi mahi
-carnita
-carne
all were pretty good but the winner by a mile was the mahi mahi. I used the red hot sauce (in the jar, not bottle), so i can't review the green one. The red sauce was really nice, added more flavors to the already flavorful tacos.
Here were the misses...
1. my cousin and i ordered 4 tacos. Cashier rang up 3. 
2. we ordered 2 modelos. Cashier rang up 2 modelos AND 1 CORONA
3. we showed him the "rewards" program to get discount. Cashier never gave discount. 
When we paid, i was wondering why it was so high (expecting the discount) and why we got a Corona? Our order was not complex...we did not ask questions. Just put order and paid. I defended the cashier saying "they just opened, must be oversight". BUT, my cousin believes he was high while on the job. OH well. 
ALso, i'm not sure how their system is setup because all 3 tacos came out on one tray. What if two people share 3 tacos like i did? I had to ask for another tray, which wasn't a problem, but inconvenient considering we ordered "separately" but paid all together.This place is absolutely fantastic. Please know that I am Latina and Hispanic (from Argentina and lived in northern Mexico) and I am sufficiently impressed. I ordered their Atlantic Mahi mani tacos which were incredibly fresh and prepared with a variety of ingredients that made the flavors just pop in my mouth. The service is excellent and I also love the fact that they serve beverages that are non-alcoholic and traditionally Mexican (aqua de tamarindo and aqua de Jamaica) as well as red and white sangrias, and Tecate, Corona and Modelo Especial and they have a nice variety of Margaritas. So far I have only tried their classes, but look forward to enjoying the prickly pear one next time.Great Tacos. Cozy atmosphere. They have happy hour and taco Thursdays. Staff are friendly. Affordable. I think
I'll be a frequent visitor.My profe introduced me to this place. You have to get the fried fish tacos. they are the best, first time was the best time. A Mexican Taco without cheese.We had the house specialty fish tacos made with Atlantic Mahi Mahi and a side of black beans. Since this was my first time eating fish tacos, I've nothing to compare them to. They were really good, but I think I liked the side of black beans better! The service was great. Clean establishment.Tried this out for lunch yesterday. Let me start by saying the food was good. I had three tacos--Mahi Mahi, pollo, and carnitas.  They were deliciously prepared and the (what I presume to be) homemade sauces provided great extra flavor. They also have Boylan's fountain soda which is really just to die for. 
And now, the airing of grievances (Seinfeld style):
1. The tacos are pretty small considering the price (about 4 a pop). I guess that might be so you can sample a selection of the offerings but no one wants to feel they're not getting any bang for their buck. 
2. It doesn't seem like there's enough seating to accommodate a lunch crowd. The turnover was fast enough and it wasn't an issue for my crew of four but I could def see it being a problem. 
3. There's at least one discrepancy on the menu (tecate is either $2 everyday or $4.50 depending on where you see it) that annoys me because I think pricing should be straightforward and clear. It just seems to me the error allows for a loophole of charging customers more if they're not looking closely. 
4.  Lastly, the power situation. While we were there yesterday, there was a power outage. I'm in no way blaming that on Buena since it appeared to cover a few blocks in the surrounding area but, the way it was handled by the staff left a lot to be desired. Namely, they just said "sorry folks" and watched as diners attempted to wait it out or customers who hadn't placed orders yet filed out. I would've expected some sort of customer retention effort. After about 10 min of no power (windows allowed plenty of daylight to see), no updates, and increasing heat since the air conditioning was off, we left, too. 
Take away:: a good option if you're looking for a bite in the area, are not committed to eating in their dining area, and bring your reading glasses.So, I've been craving tacos lately like crazy and it's super hard to find a taco place that caters to pescatarians in my area. After finding this place while doing a search for shrimp tacos, I decided to try it this evening with my family members. 
The restaurant is fast casual style, so you go up to the register and place your order either dine in or to go and if you're eating in, they give you a placard with a number to place on your table. 
I ordered the shrimp tacos, one tequila lime style and the other fried. My sister ordered a quesadilla, my brother the nachos and my boyfriend got the tequila like shrimp and fish taco. The food came out pretty quickly, we waited maybe 5 mins. 
I was a little nervous because I was super in the mood for tacos and did not want to be disappointed, and I really wasn't. The food was absolutely amazing! It was fresh and the flavors weren't so overpowering, which allowed me to really enjoy the shrimp. My family really enjoyed their meals too. 
Definitely coming back again when I'm craving a taco!I'm a fan, Only thing let me down is the wait at register to order for little longer then anticipated, but the menu was great, We were at the Manayunk Arts & Crafts festival , so we were hungry & decided to get something , spotted this place & we went in.If it wasn't for the wait, probable be 5-stars..but Lets see how they are next time.!!!.We ordered 2 -Mahi Mahi & 2 Carnitas, Guacamole & chips..So YUMMY!!!! They are pretty decent variety & Loved the jicama& pickled cabbage on top for the acidity & texture!! The sauces at the tables were fabulous. Very well made , taste the smokiness from the pork & mahi-mahi was cooked to perfection!!! Go back!!
Return factor:Yes, & btw ..liquor license, from beer to Margaritas. The place is small but its really good!!t
Definitely!!!Things have changed.  Taco prices are higher; $2 Tecates are gone.  At some point, the menu stopped advertising "Mahi" tacos and now just says "fish" -- and the quality has noticeably dropped.  My last taco was fishy-tasting (the bad kind of "fishy"), understuffed, and lopsided -- the stuff was in one corner and i had to shove it around and get everything all messy in order for it not to all fall out.  I'm sad.This place definitely hits the spot when I'm craving some tacos! The mahi mahi is my favorite, very fresh and flavorful. The nachos are another reason why I come here - covered in beans, cheese, peppers, and all that great stuff. I love that they serve beer and wine here as well, and it's a very casual kind of spot. The only complaint would be that the seats tend to be dirty especially because this place is kid friendly. All in all, great spot!The fish tacos! The shrimp tacos! Amazing. But the carnitas--how do you mess up fried pork?! The carnitas taco was possibly the worst I've had, but it was easy to overlook once I chomped into a fried shrimp taco. It's awesome that they have Mexican coke, though it's a shame it's $3 a bottle. Makes me think: coke or another taco? Taco it is! For seafood tacos, this place is the best.Would rate them higher if not for the people working behind the counter. The cashier acted as if she was doing us a favor taking our order! Tacos are good, the experience..not so much!I'm rarely over in the fairmount area, but I'll certainly be back to eat here again! I came to Buena Onda for a casual birthday celebration with a few girl friends and the food was really phenomenal. First off, the decor is really bright and clean and there is free beer from Yards while you wait! I got the chicken, grilled shimp and grilled mahi mahi tacos, and they were all delicious, though I would say the mahi was my favorite. We ordered the guac to share, and they have these great green and red sauces on each table which really kick the tacos up another level. The workers were also kind enough to let us light candles on our birthday cupcakes :) Overall a great dining experience!The food is great, simple as that. The only reason it's not a five star place is because the nachos were a bit burned and it's kinda pricey for a casual place. But loved it either way. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good taco and yummy margarita.The atmosphere is pretty chill, and the staff is very nice and polite. 
We ordered a tofu taco for me and a fish taco for Hannah. Liam wanted soft serve ( dulce de leche, niceeeee!!) 
The tofu taco was great, I love how everything can be made veggie ( with tofu ) and upon mentioning that I am gluten intolerant , the person behind the counter informed me that their marinades have a by of soy sauce and that she would have them make it without that. I love when the staff is super knowledgable and don't have to ask someone else for details about the products they serve. 
The tacos were tasty , the tofu alone seemed a bit bland because well, it had nothing on it. The accompanying sides on the taco were tasty and helped tremendously. 
The soft serve was do it yourself ( meaning Liam got a lot for the 3$ that it cost ) not sure if you can go back for more once you're done like you can with like drinks. 
They serve alcohol ( lots o tequila !!! ) 
I'm in, I'll definitely check this place out again.Awesome tacos! I got the shrimp and mahi mahi tacos (grilled) and they were great. I also split the guac with my boyfriend. AS a girl I suggest getting 2 and something small or 3 will fill you. Everything was fresh and the staff were awesome! The only thing is that the guac is a little over priced for what it is and I could have used a little more shrimp in my taco. I will be returning!My boyfriend & friends and I eat here pretty frequently, everything I have ever gotten is delicious. The food comes out quick, and is consistent each time. The place itself is clean, and the service is prompt and friendly.This place is sooo nice. The food is always fresh and the service is friendly and fast. The bier and the drinks are so good.Just experienced probably the greatest tacos that I've ever tasted. The cashier was wonderful and gave me her recommendations which I followed The fish taco was so fresh and so delicious and complemented by the sauces provided, I literally sat there in a state of amazement. My second taco was the Carnita. Usually braised pork loses its flavor. Here it not only maintained its flavor, it was picked by the spices and accompaniments. Also, the other sauce provided on the table just took this to unbelievable Heights. I highly, highly recommend this restaurantGood, but not Loco Pez.
The taco's are good at Buena Onda, but I would take the extra 10 minute drive and wait for a table at loco pez.  The taco's were mediocre at best and the prices at loco pez crush bena onda (especially on dollar taco night).My order: 
2 mahi mahi fried tacos
chips n guac
prickly pear frozen margarita 
I am on a hunt for fish tacos that even just slightly resemble the tacos i had in san diego...i didn't find them here, but they were pretty good - I'm not a huge fan of fish tacos with flour tortillas though! The best part was the sauce- - believe it was a chipolte mayo... nice touch, i would probably ask for extra on the side next time bc it's that good.  
the margarita was a little watery, i like a nice thick frozen drink.  
The guac was nice and fresh - I especially love the chips - very nice and thick - seemed closer to authentic.  
I love the ambience, casual but trendy, bright and airy and great music.This was my favorite shrimp and fish taco place in philly. But they changed their taco bread and sauce and now I can't even force myself to eat there.Good specialty tacos. If you're looking to fill up, I would recommend the quesadilla. Fun soda selection. Inside is nice for a fast casual restaurant.There really should be more fish taco places. You can order each taco individually so that you can try them all - delicious! Its fast - order at the counter - but high quality.Pros: fast casual, flavorful food
Cons: overpriced for the amount of food you get
For a quick lunch on a rainy Sunday, this was a good fit. The restaurant's vibe is casual and baja airy. You pay at the counter, take a number to your seat, the food is brought to you in plastic baskets, and at the end you bus your own table. We ordered chips with salsa roja ($4), two fried fish tacos ($4 each), one taco of the month ($4) featuring shrimp and meat, and one carne taco ($3.75). We were served within 5-10 min and everything was fresh and well-cooked. The fried fish tacos consisted of fresh flour tortillas cradling a laughably small amount of fish, maybe 1.5-2 oz, under a prodigious heap of pickled red cabbage. I appreciated the handmade tortilla and the fish hot out of the frier, but for the miniscule fish portion, they were just not worth $4 each. My boyfriend did not enjoy the flavoring of the taco of the month, though he noted that the shrimp was cooked very nicely. He really enjoyed the carne taco. However, two tacos and some chips for each of us, which came to a total of about $21 for lunch, felt like a scant meal and we had to snack a couple of hours later.The taste was decent but I would give it ZERO stars if I could  we ordered the nachos with beef and all 3 of us are SICK! It's past midnight and I'm barfing! Worse decision everBuena Onda is easily one of the best taco joints in the city. I've eaten every type of taco they have to offer and I have never been disappointed. The fish, chicken and carnitas are always fresh and topped with delicious salsas and homemade fruit and veggie mixes. On top of this they have a excellent beer selection and make outstanding margaritas. Buena Onda is definitely one of Chef Garces's best restaurants. I highly recommend it to anyone in the mood for cheap, high quality Latin food.Bueno Onda tacos are hands down my favorite tacos in Philly. I always get the glazed shrimp and glazed fish tacos with a side of chips and guac. The tacos are so fresh and flavorful, you can't go wrong with any from their wide selection. The guacamole has cheese on top, which is not necessarily my favorite, but it still tastes delicious. The nachos are topped with cheese, tomatoes, black beans, and all other goodies so I would highly recommend those as well. Although I haven't been here for happy hour, I have heard from friends that they have $3 sangria and margaritas. I look forward to coming here for happy hour in the future and will keep on raving about these tacos!I just came here to profess my love for the shrimp tacos. Seriously, they're delicious. Like the kind of good that makes you wonder how something so tasty can be only $3.  I also had a mahi mahi taco and it's no disappointment, but also no comparison.  Loved the free beer, and they kept the margaritas coming without us having to keep getting up to order more.  And now I'm off to dream about those delicious shrimp tacos. Yum.Tacos of the month for December were "Swordfish".  They were presented with some slaw on top.  Wow. Killer fish tacos. Guacamole was fresh & citrusy too.I'm a fan of tacos and beer.  I'm also a fan of the beach.  The vibe at Buena Onda is that you're on the coast of Baja, Mexico drinking a cerveza and having tacos at a oceanside taqueria.  It feels light and airy even though you're on Callowhill St.  The fish tacos are delicious and were some of the best one's I've had in the city.  My wife was a big fan and she's pretty finicky.  Garces did a great job on this one..it's my favorite restaurant on that little row.always great service, amazing fish tacos and the nachos are so good! The Tuesday deals are always great...definitely worth the trip!My favorite fish tacos in Philly.  I love the tequila lime mahi mahi and shrimp and if I had to make a choice they would be my favorites.  Also enjoyed their K38 pale ale. Friendly and helpful staff.   Great way to enjoy a lite and affordable meal in a fun part of the city.So glad this place opened in the neighborhood.  I have been here quite a few times now for lunch and dinner and it is consistently delicious. The best deal is to just get a whole bunch of all the delicious tacos.  The mahi mahi and carne are my favorite!Philadelphia has decent tacos but these tacos won me over and created and new level of possible taco yumminess in Philly. 
All of the margaritas were good, but my favorite there so far is the prickly pear margarita. It tastes VERY good paired with certain tacos. 
My favorite taco: Shrimp taco, i could eat so many.
my favorite parts about going here that makes this food place stands far above the rest
- their desire to please the customer: beer while you wait in line? now thats what the customer wants
- choices for people who love authentic tacos but also choices for people in your group who are picky eaters 
- margaritas are delicious
- you do not have to carry your food to you table 
- quick and easy because it takes out the time waiting for a server to come and take your order
- adult friendly
- family friendly
people say the tacos are tiny portions but seriously i ate two and was stuffed. My boyfriend who is obviously larger than I am ate three and was full so i find that incorrect because it was the perfect amount for us. I recently brought my sister here who used to live in Philly to Buena Onda and she was so happy to find a place to go with her friends and boyfriend when she visit. 
The staff is also incredibly nice. thats refreshing because i have been to places with great food but the staff wasnt friendly so it made me and my party never go back. staff really does contribute to the customers overall experience. 
I waited a couple visits to rate this place. Overall this is my rating.
I love this place
Visited August 2015These are not your average Taco Bell, Moe's, Qdoba, and dare I say it Chipotle (sheesh I really love Chipotle) tacos. 
Took a suggestion from a respected fellow Yelper, Christian S., and tried this place. Well let's just say I only got 3 tacos and boy did I want more. I already knew what I wanted before I got there. Online menus serve a purpose people, if nothing else it helps you narrow down your choices and if you're like me, it pretty much helps you walk into a new place looking like a pro. Back to the matter at hand, I ordered 3 shrimp tacos, fish of the day was perch, no thank you. And Mahi Mahi, is a little too strong for my subtle fish palate. So 2 glazed shrimp tacos and 1 fried shrimp taco it was for me. Took it to go. First I definitely appreciate the care they place in their to go containers. They serve their tacos on these taco triangle thingamajigs in the restaurant which help the tacos to stand up. Well lo and behold they have a cardboard version of it for the take out tacos. Major points for that, they seriously take tacos serious... So I ordered my tacos and a drink and I waited. A girl at the bar who was eating told me to place my number in the holder. That's how they identify you. It was appreciated but probably not needed only because the restaurant wasn't busy and when the lady bought my tacos out she called me by name. But the hospitality was gracious. 
Got to my car cause I had somewhere to be, opened the box of tacos and one side of the cardboard taco holder had flattened and my fried shrimp taco was all over the place. No biggie I just put the taco together. First bite, the glazed tequila lime, or whatever shrimp taco. It was good, two nice sized juicy, sweet, perfectly cooked shrimp in the taco. I was in love. I had been searching for a great shrimp taco and I think I found it. I had one at El Camino a few weeks ago and it was abysmal, lacked flavor and totally disappointed my taste buds. Not this taco at Buena, was fabulous! The chipotle crema was really tasty and had a nice zing. Now I love hot sauce and was about to put some on mine but I'm glad I didn't because the crema provides just enough bite. Now onto the fried shrimp taco. Batter beware, really good breading and batter on these shrimp. Kind of tempura style so the shrimp aren't buried in the breading. It was a smidge salty but I am really averse to any salt at this point in my life so don't take that as a cautionary measure from me. 
I forgot to mention that they have Boylan's soda on fountain tap. Umm yesss because this is my favorite soda ever, well that and Frank's and Dr. Browns, but these sodas are so yummy it was nice to see it somewhere as a fountain drink as opposed to the big box soda dealers...
My side notes and suggestions: They should increase the size of the soda cup. It's small for the $3 they charge, even if it's Boylan's. If you're hungry order more than 3. If it's your first time order 3, then order more if you like them because you will be hungry. I forgot to order the corn with mine so that may have helped stave off my lingering hunger after I ate my tacos. Finally, they have a rewards program. Really nice to have for a non chain establishment. 
Finally, I expected these tacos to be good. I mean come on, it's from Jose Garces who had like the best taco truck, Guapos Tacos, in the city for a while. Plus pretty much everything he, Stephen Starr, and Michael Solomonov seem to touch or open in this city you can pretty much guarantee a good meal. 
Went on a Wednesday night and it wasn't crowded. Municipal parking lot right across from the restaurant if you struggle finding street parking.
Very good uptake on fast, casual dining.When I heard that Garces Restaurant Group was opening a fish taco joint in the neighborhood, I thought it would be a dream come true. It is. Thank little baby Jesus for Buena Onda.The tortilla soup had too much chicken. I know that may sound odd, but the chicken was a little dry and the shreds were a little too big, the broth was exceptional, I would drink a vat of that. 
The Quesadillas were stuffed, as in I wish I had bought one to split with my hubster. Wow, that was a lot of food. It was good. I picked a pork and steak, they tasted distinctly different. I like to add my own level of spice to things, so it was just right, there was good depth of flavor especially for the price point. 
The Mahi appetizer tacos were cute and tasted good. Next time we will order less though because we barely finished a quesadilla between the 2 of us.
This is an accessible establishment for both wheelchair or mobility scooter. You can easily enter, wait in line, order and pay.I almost wanted to not like this place.  Do you really need to sanitize tacos, Garces?  The best tacos I've had were always slightly grimy, simple, and cheap.  Maybe from a truck or a dingy shack or a place where they had to send out the kid who speaks English to take your order.
But Buena Onda did sanitize this experience...in a good way.  While the grime is absent the prices and simplicity remained.  $3 for a regular taco, $3.50 for seafood guys.  And they're really good.  Not great, but really good.  And they have cheap beers - all under $5.  Margaritas under $10.  Wines $7.  Friendly service.  A small, appropriately stocked bar.  Right next to a froyo place.  I mean...what's not to like?My favorite spot to grab a quick bite knowing it will be delicious, fast, and inexpensive. The tacos are some of the best in the city and the atmosphere is relaxed and cool.Wow, Garces really hit the nail on the head with this gem. Walk in to a nice sample cup of a special Yards brew(K38 I believe). Having the few sips of beer was nice while we waited to order. The line was not too long and we were able to find seats even in the middle of there lunch rush. I ordered the Chicken Quesadilla which I really enjoyed, my cousin had 3 different tacos and loved them all. If your in the neighborhood, stop in and check it out.Buena Onda has the best tacos in Fairmount. I LOVE the tofu taco, grilled or fried. You can't go wrong with the shrimp or the mahi mahi either. The side of corn is to die for. The only thing that is hit or miss here is the salad. Sometimes it comes out perfect, and sometimes it's just boring and dry. Skip trying to be healthy and just get the good stuff. You won't be disappointed.I just left the restaurant and feel like I need to write in now because I am so irritated with the attitude of a member of your staff. My husband and two kids and I came in because we used to go to the KOP location all of the time. We ordered our food, including refried beans which always came with chips at the kop spot. The beans came alone at the beginning with nothing but a spoon. I understand bringing food as it's ready...I actually appreciate it. But why on earth would I want a bowl of refried beans without anything to eat them with? When the food came they brought me the wrong quesadilla. The employee, without apology, took it back to get me the right one. I then sat for 8+ minutes without food. When the employee  finally brought the food I asked for the chips for the beans. I was told that I was wrong - it doesn't come that way. I replied "well, could I get some chips?" I was directed to go stand in line again to order them myself. I told the employee that I thought maybe, as an apology for making me wait so long for the correct food, he could just bring us some chips. The response I got was a blank stare and him walking away without a word. As I left I asked another employee if that person, in their pink windbreaker, was a manager. I was then informed that he infact was the manager. It's shocking that this person, with their inability to provide even a modicum of hospitality, is your manager on duty. It's unacceptable.Nice little casual taco spot by Garces! Hubby and I went on a Saturday night, and while busy, it wasn't super packed. Short wait for food. Between the two of us we tried 5 different kinds of tacos, which were all fantastic. The fish ones were definitely our favorite. Guac was good, albeit a bit pricy. Margaritas were awesome and it was a nice touch for a quick service place. All in all food was fantastic but deducted one star for value as we thought it was a tad pricy. Would definitely return though!Nice work here. Simple menu, decent prices, and good food. The mahi mahi was flavorful, sweet and tangy. The carne was very moist and succulent. The pork? A little bland, in my view. Good enough service, too.Had a very tasty lunch here today! The quesadilla was super tasty as well as the salad with chicken. The chicken was surprisingly plentiful and very thick and juicy. The dressing choices could be better but regardless I would come here again. Also the margaritas were on par.LOVED the fish tacos! The first time I went I got one of each of the three fish tacos they offer (including the special) and the sauce is amazing. The second time I only got two kinds and split with someone because we weren't that hungry. Also had the prickly pear cactus margarita and while it's pretty good (love me a good frozen marg) it's also kinda strong (which is both a pro and a con to be honest). I've only ever gotten the fish tacos from here but I haven't been disappointed by them.  
I do wish a filling meal would just be cheaper though, as three tacos is what I can comfortably order but that's already ~$11. But that's just inherent when you get small dishes like fish tacos, so no fault of their own.So delicious!!!!
And so awesome that this is only a few blocks from where I live.
I had the mahi mahi tacos (apparently their signature tacos), the carnitas and the grilled shrimp. I couldn't even tell you my favorite because I inhaled all three and loved every bite. 
They also have a Yards beer that isn't even available at the brewery? I hope I got that right... They gave out free samples and that was also very good.
Overall I am very excited this is in my neighborhood and it'll definitely be a part of my weekly dinner rotation.Being that I have no direct experience with the Baja Peninsula, I'm unable to comment on how near Buena Onda comes to whatever design and intended cuisine they were after.  What I can say is that I find the tacos to be delicious and while some may say that they are pricey, I think that money goes toward good ingredients and excellent preparation.
In the few times I've eaten here, I've ended up with two fish tacos and one carnitas.  I typically go for the fish of the day and the mahi, both grilled.  The three tacos come out on a platter in a small taco holder which keeps them together and makes them easier to eat.  They have great, fresh, citrusy flavors and while the tacos do drip a little bit when you bite into them I just let that fall onto the next taco I plan to eat.  Perhaps this is not a flaw after all.
A sample of beer can be had while you wait and they have a small draft selection if you so choose to partake.  I'm happy to see a place like this on Callowhill and I will be returning many times.I was very disappointed by the tacos here. First off, I ordered fried mahi mahi tacos, and some how the cashier taking the order put it in as grilled tacos. I didn't notice it until the tacos showed up and at that point i felt bad asking them to remake them. The taco was fairly small and looked kinda sad. The seasoning on the fish was kind ok but the fish itself was overcooked.Waited 20 minutes to just to have someone show up to take my order. He apologized and said our 2nd drinks would be on the house. Funny because our first round of drinks never even cameSo this place has " fish taco " as part of its name. I was initially turned off ( as I don't eat seafood) but I walked in to see if they had other options. I noticed this place had some appetizers but mostly tacos and quesadilla. I decided to try their chicken and beef taco. It was good but nothing to brag about. I liked that they had beers which just goes with tacos ! Good serviceWent here the other day for lunch and had the best tacos I have ever had. The inside was cool, they have a record player playing next to the cash register, everyone was very nice, the food came out quick and best of all it was effing delicious!! I shall be coming back for sure.Well I was really excited to try this place. I'm a native of Southern California and very much a fan of Baja style Mexican eats. I haven't had a decent fish taco since I arrived on the east coast.
Today was a new day.  I had some pretty tasty tacos, albeit not quite what I was hoping for. THE white sauce,  the creamy cilantro sauce that makes a fish taco a fish taco...not around. I feel like this place puts out a good product, but not the taste from back home. It tries to do too much. Just the white sauce and the cabbage man. Simple is good.
I also got a chicken taco that was pretty disappointing, using stewed chicken in place of pollo asado. Que lastima!
This place just tries too hard. Oh they have aquas frescas, but no horchata, no pina, no fresa. They do have jamaica and tamarind though which I didnt try. They did have a delicious Boylan soda fountain with a terrific cream soda, although I wish there was jarritos. 
 The service was ok, the order got mixed up, but made right quickly. Accidentes happen.
While I may have highlighted B.O.'s short comings, I want to be clear:
They put out a good quality, tasty product. I would go with the fried or grilled Mahi Mahi tacos over all else. Salads looked great too.great, clean place. I got the nachos and carnitas tacos, both phenomenal. the staff is friendly and helpful, accommodated my friends picky eating! Definitely a new go-to as a localNew favorite taco spot in the city! I love the casual atmosphere with an elevated twist. The mahi tacos are TO DIE FOR and the passion fruit sangria was delicious. I will defiantly be back in the very near future.Fish Taco's are actually not my go-to-food, however, this restaurant changed that for me. 
Fish tacos here are amazing, and I would come here again just for that reason. I got the mahi-mahi, shrimp, and chicken! All of them were delicious, but mahi mahi had to be my favorite. The free beer tasting definitely helps making the wait a bit easier. 
The only downside to this place is that is it is a bit of a hike from my place in center city. Although it is definitely worth it. Hope one day they open a second location in center city!Awesome tacos! Our faves were the Carnas, carnitas and the taco of the month-fried cod with a nice slaw. Service was a little lacking-we had to ask for our drinks-beer and wine. And never got water. Best tacos I've had in a while. The guacamole was good, a little spicy but good flavor and the chips are awesome. Black beans and rice looked blah but was full of flavor. Must be a great local fave-there were 6 delivery orders going out while we were there.I think buena onda is good, their tacos taste great and they have fresh fish with great flavor. However today was not the best experience. We ordered two margaritas and esquites (corn), and although the esquites came out right away and were pretty tasty the margaritas were not coming out. I told the cashier we would be sitting outside and after 20 mins no margaritas. The place wasnt packed either. Finally we went in to ask about them and this other employee just rolled her eyes and said shed bring them out. 10 mins later shes walking around with the margaritas not knowing where to go. I have to say "here" and finally we get our drinks. If you come here I just hope you get better service.
PS the esquites are with regular not with giant corn like im used toThumbs up!  Happy hour at Buena Onda (means "good vibes") did not disappoint.  The batter fried mahi mahi tacos and the chips/salsa were all finger lickin' good; the classic margarita was a "good vibes" hit.Wow, Buena ONDA is delicioso! Unbelievably wonderful fish tacos, terrific drinks and HREAT nachos! I enjoyed the entire experience from the delightful conversation with the greeter who carefully explained each menu item to the phenomenal bartender - what a terrific staff AND the food was FANTASTIC! I will be back often! Thank you, thank you, thank you! The prices were good and the portions were large. It's well worth the visit!So beyond delicious!!  I had 3 tacos, 1 shrimp, 1 mahi mahi, and the fish of the month. All so good. My husband had the nachos. He loved them. We each had a margarita- he had the Baja and I had the prickly pear.  Both delicious. And then we went for the soft serve. Oh boy. So glad we don't have this place by where we live or I would eat here everyday!  Love love love this place!Calm down, guys.  This place isn't that good.
My wife and I tried every one of their tacos.  In general, the fried fish/shrimp tacos are the way to go.  I wouldn't recommend their meat tacos.
The fried fish tacos are pretty good.  Not as good as what you can find in southern California (where I grew up).  And about half the size.  For about 1.5x the price.  But still pretty good, especially for Philadelphia.  I think it's because they do the batter well.  I don't understand why people like grilled fish tacos, but if that floats your boat, then go for it.
The meat tacos are not good.  I'm all for quality ingredients, but I draw the line at trying to yuppify a classic.  C'mon, you can't serve a taco without cilantro, raw onions, and lime.
They talk about making the tortillas fresh, but by the time the food comes out, the tortillas are not warm, nor is the fish/meat inside.  Maybe that's just because they seemed to have some service issues though.
It's the first week, so I'm sure things will get better.  But we did not enjoy the ambiance in there.  It was like trying to shop at a Trader Joe's the night before a snow storm, right down to the huge line snaking around everywhere, with workers and customers all trying to squeeze past each other.
Meh.Best fish tacos around! Definitely worth coming for happy hour to try with their margaritasBest fish tacos I ever had! These people know what they are doing - the sauces with the right toppings just amazing ! And the best margaritas to complement. I tried all the tacos but definitely regret not ordering more Mahi-Mahi tacos  they are a must !Good food....Feels more like a fast food restaurant than anything else. However, my complaints are these:
(1) The line is always ridiculously long during busy times (lunch hour and after work), and line moves really really really slow. It kind of takes the fun out of it when it takes 20-25 minutes to get to the front of the line. I feel that if they're truly interested in running it like a fast food joint, then the lines should move quicker (open up 2 more cashier spots). And if they can't do that, they should offer people seating and waiters. As someone who has been there probably 20+ times since the opening 5 weeks ago, I can tell you the lines are getting pretty old, pretty fast.
The "extra" employee who stands by the door welcoming people can be put to better use. They are supposed to help by explaining the menu to people - but my initial analysis is that this never makes the line moves faster. People still get to the front and spend forever asking the cashier about the dishes. And, no, the menu is not simple or self-explanatory.
(2) For the Rewards program, you have to tell the cashier your phone number every single time you go in. If you read my first point above, you will realize that the cashier area is usually crowded with hungry people impatiently waiting to order, and basically leaning in listening to what you're saying to said casher. This is a small restaurant to begin with. Therefore, I always feel uncomfortable saying my number to the cashier, who invariably cannot hear, and has to repeat loudly - usually several times over -- while multiple patrons have now tuned in. There MUST be a better way, c'mon now.
The food is good, don't get me wrong.Awful service- there was no line which should have been the first indication. Took over 15 minutes to make two small tacos. Go to Shake Shack instead.We have been regulars here, and the food is usually consistent -- good, but not out of this world, and reasonably priced.  The service usually follows suit.  On occasions, such as today, however, the service is subpar.  (They forgot our margaritas!)  Buena Onda is a solid three.This fish taco joint is a super welcome addition to the Callowhill corridor! One perk of having an empire like Garces must be that you can open things quickly and have extra money to spend on decor. I feel like I just heard about this place, and the next thing I knew it was already open for business! The outside is beachy and welcoming, and the theme continues inside. It was busier than expected for a Sunday evening, but we were given free beer samples while we looked at the menu, so I have no complaints.
I ended up with a fried Mahi Mahi taco (you can have the option of not-fried as well) and split an order of nachos. The taco was on point, and I'm not even a huge fish lover. Although, slather pickled veggies on anything and I won't complain... The nachos had a perfect amount of toppings too. They aren't piled high and are more spread in a single layer, but I would rather have that than a bunch of naked chips any day. For three tacos and nachos, it was $20, which was definitely fair. I will definitely be back with a bigger appetite to try the non-seafood tacos and the supposedly delicious prickly pear margarita.I really wanted to like this place, based on the name, the concept and who can argue with fish tacos.  Well, I tried to convince myself that I liked it, and went there 3x since it opened  The last time, we spent close to $50 for 2 people on a few small fish tacos and one beer each .. and we left hungry...   It is a loud, brightly lit environment, with tacky decor and really bad pop music.   Would recommend more generous portions  and/or accompanying sides for the money,  some good music(how about Latin sounds?), better soundproofing, dimmer lighting, etc.  If you have plenty of dispensable income, and don't mind fast food chain environment, then this place may be for you.Fresh, tasty and light.  Keep up the good work!  
A nice alternative to fast food.Cashiers with an attitude. Rude jerks! This place lacks warmth that you get in almost any other Mexican place. Tacos are good. Nothing special. By the time the tacos came to the table they stuck to the metal holders they are served in.
All in all disappointing experience.All GF Except for carnitas. Pollo tacos come double wrapped. Not much flavor. Guacamole portion and chips is skimpy for $9.Frozen prickly pear margarita on a summer afternoon... Divine! I had a couple of the grilled mahi mahi tequila lime glazed tacos. Yummy! So perfect in every way a taco should be. Light, flavorful and well sized. The staff is awesome too. I ordered and sat outside, they served me my drink and meal and a couple of them been out to check on me since. Super friendly and helpful. Place is clean and has a good space to accommodate a busy day or night. Definitely recommend!!Garces has done it yet again with his newest taco installation in Philly. This is my new go to and I cannot stop talking about! 
Located perfectly in the art museum area, next to my favorite pizza place (pizzeria vietri!), parking can be tricky, but sometimes I'll buy a water from whole foods then walk over. If not, if you drive around a couple times, you should find something. 
There is usually a line, but it goes by fast, as they give you free samples of beer while you're waiting. If you feel like sitting faster, to the right of the counter there is a full service bar, which is nice..
I have only tried the fish tacos because I never felt the need to venture through their menu since I am always so satisfied. I get the same tacos every single time --the fried mahi and the grilled lime shrimp. Ugh. So. Darn. Good. Paired perfectly with a corona! The tacos are only priced at 3.50! Go try this place ASAP before the lines get even longer!!!!!
Graces never fails!!!!The restaurant is a nice, clean, airy space with both indoor & outdoor seating. The line to order moved fairly quickly. I ordered two tacos: mahi mahi and perch. Delicious flavors & texture, especially with the red cabbage & jicama. The tacos are pretty pricey for the size, but it was a nice treat. For a meal, you definitely need to order three tacos.I often return to restaurants when cant stop thinking about a dish I ate in a previous visit.  That happened to me with the esquite at Beuna Onda.  Served warm and with just the right spice this bowl of corn goodness was the perfect thing for my tummy on a cool day.  I also had the chicken and shrimp tacos.  Both were excellent.  
This is the type of place where you order, sit down and they bring the food to you.   When we arrived it was a particularly busy time and there was a line.  I was impressed with how quickly they served us and when we went back for seconds they were just as prompt delivering the food.
They have beer and margaritas.