I'm rating this as a bar, didn't eat any food here.
My experience here wasn't great, but it wasn't bad either.  I came here with a friend to just grab some beers and play some pool, we got here by about 9pm on a Saturday.  Understandably there was a wait for the pool tables, so our name was put on a list and we were told we would be notified when we were next in line.  I thought that was weird since how would they know?  But we were assured.  A couple hours went by and we were never notified (how would they have found us anyway?), so this place dropped the ball in that regard.  They need a better system since I don't want to have to go over every 15 minutes to check, the onus for that should be on the business, not the customer.  Many businesses have those devices you take that notify you when your table is ready, why not use something like that?  
Since we ended up just hanging out at the bar, that was decent.  The bartenders were VERY good, I really want to emphasize that.  Very attentive, pleasant, dealing with some drunk jerks/people who didn't know what they wanted to order (very annoying with a busy bar), but the bartender we had was inhuman and her coworkers seemed to be about the same.  If I go back, it's because of the service.  The beer selection was good, not great.  They had some good ones on tap, but you're not piquing the interest of any beer snob.  Overall, this place is a relaxed atmosphere for happy hour or to go out with a few friends.Location: In historic district beside hotel. Easy walk and accessible. Parking looked like a nightmare and cabs/ubers had to keep circling the block to get their procrastinating patrons. 
Facility: Clean, good bar selection. Two floors, restrooms and bar on each floor and variety of bar sports. [8 Pool Tables, 4 Shuffleboard, 5 Dart Boards, Skeeball, Fooseball, Buck Hunter (Arcade), Golden Tee (Arcade)]
Drinks: Had bartender make me a California liquid cocaine drink and no problems with this request. Remembered the ingredients for next round and started a chain reaction. Southern Comfort, Malibu Rum, Amaretto, Pineapple Juice and splash of Blue Curacao fyi. 
Pool Tables: I was there to shoot pool. The tables were 8ft reg pool tables, the stick selection was nice with straight sticks. You rent the table per hour at different prices depending upon the day and it's prorated to the minute. Good competition and the first floor players seem more serious about the game. 
Overall: If your in the neighborhood and shoot pool this is your spot. Younger crowd 21-35ish, good bartenders and good pool competition.I have enjoyed myself here during various circumstances: stumbled in on a fuzzy-headed Saturday night, parted on a reserved second floor for a work event, stopped in on for a game of pool, etc.
My most recent visit was on a lazy Sunday afternoon with a half-dozen friends.  The bar was nearly empty so we pretty much had our run of the place.  We snacked on  mediocre but satisfying bar food munchies while playing pool, darts, and shuffleboard.  There was a quick round of Skee Ball.  No one would necessarily come here for the beer, but the draft list was respectable.  The service was plenty attentive without being overbearingly suffocating.  
We ended up having a fun afternoon for a slightly hefty but decent price.  While I tend to avoid this place during its busy periods, I would definitely come back here to pass another lazy weekend afternoon.Amazing staff of kind and generous individuals. They hosted us and other displaced victims from a local fire and stayed open until 8am to ensure we were safe, fed, and had a place to rest. This is the truest example of Brotherly Love, and I appreciate their acts of kindness. The manager was the absolute sweetest, and we thank her and the staff for allowing us and our cat to stay. Thank you so much!Buffalo bills is one of my favorite places to go for drinks and to hang out- they have pool, darts, shuffleboard, ski ball, and big buck hunter. They generally have about 10-15 beers on tap that changes every so often, with a nice variety of craft brews. The venue is spacious and dimly lit, and is never overly crowded. I consider it one of old city's best go-to bars when you don't want to go somewhere packed with $10 budlights on draft.
The food leaves something to be desired however. The buffalo chicken dip is one of the best things on the menu- rich, creamy, Frank's red hot sauce, in a medium sized portion. However, the tortilla chips they are served with are always too salty. The chicken fingers are slightly above average and flake apart nicely. The wings are average with a very generic sauce and moderate amount of meat. The taquitos are cheesy and not bad, but not particularly impressive.
I wish the food was a little better, as it would make this venue even better than it already is.Good for darts, pool, ski ball, shuffle board, and getting drunk as shit. The wings are awesome too.Pretty great. Everything you really want: billiards, beer, and good music. The only thing holding it back from 5 stars is that on the left skeeball machine in the back right of the restaurant,  the "100" score in the top right of the machine does not register. It sounds funny...but that hole is hard to hit. You know what i mean.They should really fix that...I was a skeptic of Buff Bills. It looked like a dive from the outside - and in a way, it is - but it's very well kept and charming with some great food, great specials, and a great low-key atmosphere. 
I went on Tuesday for happy hour, and decided to stay for poker night. Everyone was really friendly and welcoming in the game. The buffalo chicken dip was incredible - by far the best thing on the menu. I can't resist half price apps!
I'll definitely be coming here again!I love Buffalo Billiards.  Why?  First of all, who doesn't love to play competitive games while drinking?  Pool, darts, shuffle board, skee-ball, Big Buck Hunter!  They have it all.
Its packed on weekends, and you'll probably have to wait for a pool table.  The rates aren't cheap, its like $12-$15/hour to play pool.  These are not pay-per-game tables, you pay by the minute.  Darts are free!  They have 3 dart boards downstairs, so you can usually grab an empty one.  I think they also have a few more upstairs, although I rarely go upstairs. There's a few more pool tables upstairs too, and more sitting/lounging area. 
They have a decent craft beer list, but nothing too fancy or rare.  But, stilll decent options.  I haven't eaten here, so I have no idea what the food is like.  The staff are all awesome, all the time. Cool people here! 
But for fun and games, this is definitely a good spot!  If you come here and don't have fun, something is wrong with you!This place is ridiculously expensive. A game of pool should cost $1, at most $1.50. Here they charge you per hour, coming out to someplace between  $5 and $7 per game, which is absolute highway robbery. They should change their fee system to a per game fee like every other bar with a pool table.You can call this a pool hall - but it's also a great bar.  I recommend finding one of the little nooks on the second floor - cozy little sitting areas with couches and arm chairs.  Good beer selection and by-the-hour pool.  I had just eaten when I went last night - but I have high hopes for the bar menu there and plan to return to check it out.My girlfriend and friends have been here a few times already. It is nice when you can get a pool table right away, but sometimes you have to wait a while. Lots of other games like shuffleboard and Foosball. They even have a Buck Hunter! Drink prices aren't terrible and the food is not bad. I recommend this for anyone looking for a a cool place to hang out and play some games. Good for football Sundays too! Lot's of TVs.A pool hall is only as good as the facility itself. And too bad we didn't get to experience it. 
The receptionist was the rudest guy I had ever met. He said their was an hour wait as soon as he saw me. He was super rude and uninterested in taking our names or putting our names in a waiting line. Didn't bother to welcome us or give details. I asked him if I could put my phone number down as we were going to be in the area. He refused and when I told him he was being rude he brushed us off. Not going to come back here again.
I hope the receptionist gets fired.What do you do when you have an hour and a half to kill before dinner? Play shuffleboard of course...
It was early so the bar wasn't crowded at all.  To play shuffleboard, they hold your ID, which I was ok with.  What I wasn't ok with is that they don't tell you how much the cost is to play.  They just hand you the bag of pieces and send you on your way.  That was a big issue with me.  I figured it wouldn't be free, and I didn't have a problem with paying, but just tell me the cost ahead of time.  I didn't see any signs with the table prices either.  
We didn't order any food, since we were going to meet friends for dinner, but we did get some drinks, which were pretty cheap.  The food smelled amazing and made me wish we could stay there for dinner (especially the smell of the hot wings).  There was a sign in the bathroom stating that they do mimosa specials on sundays during the eagles games, so I know we'll be back for that.
Overall, the place was a lot of fun and I know we'll be back to try the food and hang out, I'll just make sure we get the table prices before we start playing.Great happy hour- 6-8, so late enough that you can catch another one (or two, or three) before this one.  1/2 price apps are cheesy, yummy, and tasty enough for us to ignore how they are probably awful for us.  Beers are $3 and usually quite interesting, and rail drinks are $3 as well.  We've had many a good time here!  Not always the most attentive service, even when the bar is pretty empty- you have to be pretty assertive sometimes.  Left my card there once, and the bartender chased me down outside to return it- major props and thanks to him!!This is a standard pool, dart, shuffle board and skee-ball bar.  They serve a ton of PA local drafts and they usually have a special.  Most of the time this is $3 pounder PA cans.  However, their Happy Hours are really what is worth being there for.  Thursdays are $3 for PA drafts - a good deal in my mind.  I like the Sly Fox Stout and that is definitely a great pour from this establishment.
Didn't try the food myself but, a friend ordered the chicken fingers and they were standard bar fare.  Likely from a bag in the freezer into the fryer and onto the plate.  Could be just right if you're in the right frame of mind.
Good place to drink with plenty of activities to keep you entertained as you socialize and drink tasty beverages.  Bar food is nothing special though but, it is edible.I've been to Buffalo Billiards a few times in the past and it's been a decent time. My most recent trip was actually fun. Dining Partner and I stopped in around 8pm on a Friday after dinner with one thing in mind: shuffleboard. When we visited before it was later in the evening and ALL the shuffleboard tables, pool tables, dart boards, and skeeball games were being used. On our most recent trip, the downstairs bar was crowded and all the games were being used, but we were delighted to find two open shuffleboard tables on the second floor. We ordered drinks and rented the shuffleboard supplies from the bartender for $14 an hour. They pro-rate the game supplies too, so you're not tied to only playing for hour intervals at a time. 
Buffalo Billiards can be really fun, if you're actually able to take advantage of the games. It is usually crowded because there just isn't enough space in most Philly bars for games like shuffleboard, pool, and skeeball. My advice, for a good time at BB get there early and avoid on weekend nights.After 9pm, half off on drinks and $5 burgers. Great place to wind down after work with a couple friends to shoot some pool, play some skeeball and chug a nice cold beer or three. Weekdays it's definitely a quiet relaxed environment, weekends are dependent upon the crowd. During the winter this was a great retreat from the cold.You will not be disappointed as long as you know what you are looking for.  Buffalo is a great spot for watching sports, playing pool, darts, shuffleboard, skee-ball, Buck Hunter and Golden Tee.  Staff is A+++.  They are all amazing and personable.  Specials are pretty good as well.  That said, on the weekends this place does get quite busy and there is quite a large bridge crowd and young 20's.  It is huge so it handles most crowds easily.  But it is Old City so you have to know what to expect.  That said, a solid staff keeps bringing us back.I had heard about this place awhile back but it wasn't until this Flyer's playoff season that I finally ended up going there. While they were playing Buffalo I went here to watch every game. Their Happy Hour special is pretty good and they have some decent beers on tap. The taco special they have is so dope, especially the fish tacos which are really great. I am not quite sure what the exact rate for the pool tables are but all I know is that we played for awhile and it was pretty cheap, I also like how you have to put your name on a waiting list to get on the tables. The place actually has two floors, the first is real big and the second is more loungy and pretty large as well. If you're looking for some cheap beers and a place to hang out with lots of friends to watch a game I'd say come here.I visited from out of town and they were rude, unaccommodating, and shut down the bar a full 40 minutes before they closed. They were very rude with interpersonal communication and would not allow us to play pool 30 minutes before closing. Given they are a billiards bar, this seems strange.A great spot to come with groups for darts, pool, shuffleboard, you name it. This place is huge with high ceilings and you can find whatever game you're looking for. The beer list isn't special, but has enough highlights to satisfy most. I've had some great times here, and it's great for a more mellow evening out.Lame lame lame
Company policy is no minors. That's fine, makes sense, except when you have a newborn (who can't run around a get into trouble) and you won't let us in to shoot pool. Instead you were total jackasses on a slow night and refused our business. That's fine. Plenty of crappy places I around I can give my money to instead. If you don't want us to participate in your games while a small child sleeps in a stroller that's your problem.Quick service, Great beers and food.
Not only is it one of my favorite bars in this city but they have SKEEBALL.
I mean, come on. Can't get much better.Good place to come watch whatever game is on and really close to the blue line.  Three dollar drafts during happy hour and half price appetizers.  As for the fish tacos, well either you love 'em or you don't.Nice casual ambiance. However the poor service only makes this a reasonable stop if you are stuck outside in the rain. After sitting down at the bar, I waited for 15 minutes without being acknowledged or asked to order. To put salt on this injury, a couple who arrived after me was served immediately with the bartender still showing no intention as to what I would want to order.I love these games. So old school. They have shuffle board, pool, ski ball even some video games. It can get crowded but even so, where can you play so many fun games???Was looking for a somewhat divey spot with some pool tables and was led to Buffalo Billards, a fun joint on the east side of Philly. They have a decent number of pool tables and a dedicated booth for all games needs (they also had darts and shuffle boards). Service was nice and they had an okay selection of beer. Plenty of TVs along the walls too to watch the game. There's a happy hour here so would aim for that if you can. 
Would definitely come by if I'm back in town looking to shoot some pool.Great place to go with a group of buddies to have some brewskis, play some pool, consume some quality bar food (had the buffalo chicken quesadillas), and watch a game.This place was a blast. Great beer selection, fun games (darts, shuffle board, pool and skee-ball. This is a great place to catch a game or just to have a low key night out and hang out with some friends. Bar staff was friendly and this stretch of Philadelphia was pretty fun and happening.Came here during happy hour.  Pretty decent specials - $3 draft beers, $4 mixed drinks, and half off appetizers from 6-8pm during the weekdays.
We ordered pierogies, chicken tenders, chipotle wings, and chili cheese fries. 
- The wings were bad - wouldn't order that again - light breaking and the sauce was bland.  
- Chicken tenders were equally weak - light breading.  
- Pierogies were good - came with a sour cream side and sautéed onions.  
- The best item was the chili cheese fries - huge to share for at least 2 people.  
You don't really come here for the food though - it's for the games. They have darts, pool, shuffleboard, foosball, and other arcade games like skeeball.  
We spent the night playing darts - $2 bucks for the rental!  They only have one good set - with skulls or some picture on them.  The others are horrible and don't use the middle board cuz it's messed up.
Good spot for cheap games and drinksVery unpleasant place besides its setting. Beautiful set up, but terrible service. Nasty bartender paying attention only to regulars or friends. Signed up to play billiards but never had a chance to play. Waited over 3 hrs before closing to play even after reserving a table. Lucky they got one star.Came here to catch the Bruins and Flyers  while I was here during a quick trip from Boston 
Awesome atmosphere, crowded with people playing pool, skeeball, drinking and just watching the game.
Comfy booths, fantastic beer and awesome HD flat screens spread out all over the establishment broadcasting the game.
Awesome place to come eat, drink and swear at the TV. 
There's somethings in life that money can't buy and The atmosphere at Buffalo Billiards is definitely something amazing.The boyfriend and I have been here twice now to watch Sunday Football (they have the NFL package).  We were reticent at first - something about the phrase "Pool Hall" conjures up visions of smoky, dingy, hole-in-the-wall places with only domestic beer like Bud Light.
So. Pleasantly. Surprised.
The tap list wasn't gigantic in size but had great variety; for this I was immensely thankful.  Crap beer ruins football.
We got snacky while watching the game last week.  When I asked, the bartender informed me that the veggie burger on their menu is a frozen patty that isn't made in-house.  [Deep breath as I resist the nagging temptation to launch into a page-long tirade about how easy veggie burgers are to make fresh, and how restaurants are a place where food should be cooked, not merely reheated].
That left the veggie quesadilla as the only meal option for me, so that's what I ordered. WOW.
It was huge.  It was delicious.  The veggies were fresh.  The cheese was oozing.  It came with yummy salsa and sour cream. And it was huge.
I will go back for more beer and football, and I will eat another quesadilla.After a first Friday gallery crawl a group of six of us made our way to Buffalo Billiards. We happened to get there around 7:45pm, which is just in time for their insanely lenient happy hour (Monday-Friday 4-8pm!). Happy hour means $3 drafts, and surprisingly their beer list doesn't suck: I got the Allagash White, and the boyfriend went with the Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA. On the bill they came to only $2.73 each, and at that price it makes them the cheapest respectable beers I've had in Philadelphia hands down.
The place itself is huge and nicely laid out--this is not a crappy dive bar but a clean place with wide booths, deep comfortable couches, wide screen TVs, barstools aplenty, and two floors of pool, shuffleboard, and darts. They played a list of new hits and flashbacks from the 90s that had me humming to a few songs, and they pulled off a nice western themed decor without going over the top. While the downstairs atmosphere grew packed and slightly bro-y as the night got later the upstairs (which opened at 8pm on this particular Friday, not sure if that is the norm) remained calm. 
For downsides, the bar games are not free and I'd say they're on the pricey side. One hour of shuffleboard for our group was $20, and then they charge you by the minute after that. Also, the reservation system for tables was slightly complicated, but in the end when our table was ready about four people clamored to tell us the news so we were definitely well taken care of.
All in all this is a solid spot, and for $2.73 drafts I'll be there any day of the week (probably on one of the all-too-often evenings when I can't get a spot at Khyber's bar for happy hour).Buffalo Billiards is a great place for _________.
A. Happy Hour (especially convenient after 5-7 hh's since theirs is 6-8)
B. Wings served crispy in a mild sweet and spicy sauce (my fav. wings in the city!)
C. Bar activities ("So many activities!") like Buck Hunter, skeeball, darts, pool, and shuffleboard
D. Watching games (many HD TV's and it never gets overly crowded)
E. Good beer (one of the few places that often has Breckenridge Vanilla Porter on tap)
F. Groups (servers don't get sassy about splitting up checks and are quite attentive)
G. All of the above
If you chose G, you are correct!Buffalo Billiards is never a place I would pick to visit. I'd go if a group is going there or it's a stop on a crawl or everywhere else is closed.... you get the point. 
Admittedly, happy hour is a great deal.  On weekdays from 6pm-8pm, all drafts are $3. The beer selection is just okay though. It's not bad, it's not exciting. I must've had that conversation at least three times, unprovoked by me, during my last visit. 
The bathrooms are what you'd expect of a sports bar/inexpensive spot in Old City, thankfully you can smell the bleach and attempts to clean. 
When not packed, there's a decent amount of space for socializing without getting in the way of the pool tables. Pool isn't my thing either, perhaps that influences my overall opinion. 
I'd go back if the situation dictates, but otherwise I'll hit up some other area spots.Poor service, average food and not much atmosphere. The bar staff seemed to think asking dor the specials and only ordering the discounted items was an impost, food we didn't order came out and some we ordered didn't come out but didn't do anything to fix it. Later charged additional items and charged 8 dollars for ice. Ludicrous.This place probably deserves an additional star for employing a bouncer with down syndrome but never-the-less, crappy food and terrible service.Great spot to hang out on a weeknight or after work. The happy hour is the tits! Half off everything. Great beers on tap plus skeeball, arcade games, darts, shuffleboard and of course many nicely kept pool tables. The hourly prices are good for the area. They have a nice lounge with plush leather chairs. My only complaint is the food, while good, its overpriced at normal prices. $8 bucks for 3 taquitos? Come on guys. Eat on the happy hour prices.I live directly above this bar, and absolutely love it. The staff gets to know you by name, the drinks are cheap, and the games are awesome. Judging my the volume through my floorboards, it sounds like everybody else has a blast there too ;)I really liked this place! Surprisingly!
Followed Lindsay V. and her boyfriend in around midnight (1 a.m.? I don't remember actually) on Friday night. We purchased beers and sat at one of the tall tables, where Lindsay and I discussed Philly sports in greater detail than I ever have in my life, thanks entirely to the sports recaps playing on the TVs behind the bar.
Aside from the sports talk, I also noticed a lot of plaid button downs. What's going on with that? I feel like there were five guys in there wearing the exact same shirt. Strange. Be original, bro.
The bathrooms were also nice and clean. Games looked fun for a night of more energy.
It was a nice change of pace for a Friday night! I'll be back.Nice, open layout helps with the crowd. The place can be packed and you still feel like you have some space. Bartenders don't take any crap (in a good way) and the drinks are reasonably priced.My organization did a happy hour in their upstairs bar and they were great, accommodating and easy to work with. The added novelty of the pool tables made for a fun night. Will work with them again!Love it,  especially if you want to shoot pool while watching sports.
Always been a fan of Buffalo...the place just has a laid back vibe that I enjoy...and it's one of those places that feels (good and) decadent on a Satruday afternoon...while the sun is streaming through the windows, you're in this darkened cave playing pool, eating wings, drinking beer and watching college football. Lots of TV's, lots of pool tables, a nice staff, a good jukebox...all in the heart of Olde City. What else could you want for?Went here on a Tuesday night to meet a friend for a drink, and it was completely dead, despite their great happy hour deal.  
We each ordered a half priced appetizer and a drink, and the bill came to only $15, which is *awesome*. My friend ordered nachos, which we both enjoyed, and I ordered pierogies, which were just OK.  I only ordered them because, sadly, they were probably the healthiest thing on the happy hour menu.   
Service was very meh - our waitress didn't check up on us too often and I had to get up to go on a hunt for a knife.
I've heard this place is better on the weekends - i'll have to come back.Your traditional sports bar with tons of added games to keep you entertained. We came with a work group of about 30 people, at first they were a little on the grouchy side but after they realized we were going to spend well over $3,000 in a night they changed their tune and were more than accommodating. The food was great but the service could definitely use some work. With a group so large you would think you would be more accommodating to ensure they stayed at your establishment and didn't go anywhere else.Terrible service. Terrible food. Ordered a buff chx sandwich to go. It was cold in the middle and it had no roll !!!!! Are you joking ?!?!?!?!? I'm never going backThis place has bad service, you dont get to play the pool until the guy who works there and his friends are done playing even though you are promised to play within ten to fifteen upon arriving. Two hours later and still no pool table. There is no communication with the bartender especially when theyre friend are sitting at the bar.Terrible service, with the bar tenders being nothing but rude when we asked for clarification on a few beers. Food was average, and they overcharged us.A good place to have a drink, watch a game, or play pool.  Nothing too special about it.This is the spot. I've been to many sports bars around the area, but non compare. So many TVS, good food and good prices. The bartender (with the glasses) was extremely friendly and made us feel at home. We've found our neighborhood spot. Wings are fantastic and beers are cheap. Pool tables aplenty, plus darts. What else do you need?I've been here a few times, but it was never my suggestion. Happy hour drink specials are alright but the food is subpar and expensive for the quality and quantity.
I went with some friends during March madness and we sat at a table. We had a tab open so when we were ready to leave, we told the server to charge the card. When she brought the card back w a copy of the receipt, we realized there were a bunch of charges on there that we had never ordered. The server told me she was going to refund my account and get us a new receipt. She told me that the money that was refunded to my account would be there within two business days. It is now a week later and the money has not been put into my account. I called the bank in the said they see it coming in but there's a hold on it because Buffalo Billiards doesn't have the money. Interestingly enough every time I've called Buffalo billiards this week the person they said I need to talk to isn't around and nobody else can help me. My bank has even put calls in to see what the hold is for and haven't heard back.
The tab was over $50 so it would be nice to get my money back and I find it hard to believe that they really don't have the money.....Great place to become a regular. In addition to darts, pool, and shuffleboard, they have skeeball which is awesome! Very laid back vibe. Depending on the night, service can be a little slow, but prices are reasonable. Nightly specials are fantastic. Half price burgers on Thursday! Great place for groups. Great place to watch sports. Bartenders are super friendly.I was in town visiting Philly a couple weeks back with a friend, and we had heard about Buffalo Billiards through a local we had met during our trip and decided to check it out. 
We popped in on a Saturday night, and this place was PACKED. We wandered up to the second floor where we were lucky enough to snag some seats at the bar. We ended up staying at Buffalo Billiards until they closed which is super rare for me because I can be a senior citizen lately. The two bartenders, Tim (?) and Carrie, were attentive the entire night even though it was super busy. They both had great beer recommendations, and the male bartender even took the time to recommend some places for us to visit during the rest of our trip. 
I have to take one star off because I was so bummed that their Skee-Ball machine wasn't working! I am quite the Skee-Ball aficionado. 
All in all, this place is a great casual gathering spot with friendly employees. I will be back to visit next time I'm in the area!
ALSO - shout out to the nice doorman who gave us very detailed directions on how to get to 7-Eleven because I really wanted a family-sized bag of Lays in my drunken state.Chuck E. Cheese's for adults in the city? It's no Dave & Busters, but they have a great variety of pool tables, dart boards, skee-ball machines, and various other entertainment. Buffalo Billiards is a great place to hang out with friends that offers great happy hour specials including food and drink specials. They offer the NFL Sunday package, which is an added benefit! If you are in the Old City are and want to spend a fun day with friends watching sports, playing games, and enjoying food and drinks, Buffalo Billiards is the place to go.You cannot beat the specials here, and the food is above average. It is a great bar with lots of space and plenty to do, which can help pass the time while drinking.
Unfortunately, the music is so loud I just can't bring myself to return. A friend of mine had been considering hosting a pretty big party here, but we opted for the barcade since the music is at a more comfortable and conversational level.Really cool spot! Good bar w/ games and great service. Jarrett was awesome. Very cool and fast. Money well spent !Most of the music gave me a headache. The menu bored me. Happy hour doesn't start till 6pm. The fries were some of the best I've had though.  Service was passable. Decent but not friendly.This place discriminates!!!! Extremely rude bouncer told my 27 year old boyfriend that he couldn't get in with his US Federal Government issued Green Card ID because they "don't accept that form of documentation here." Mind you, Green Cards work in US airports, the post office, the DMV, and every other bar in the United States + territories. Bouncer said the only acceptable forms of ID were US issued or passports. Let me remind you that a Green Card ID states very clearly that this is an official US identification card. When I asked the bouncer why this particular US Government issued ID was not considered acceptable, he told me to shut my mouth and be quiet and that I need to learn when to not to speak. DO NOT GO HERE.Are you that person sitting on the couch on a Friday night will a bud light can in your hand rolling your head back and complaining that you are tired of doing the same old thing every night out drinking?
Then Buffalo Billiards is the place for you.
The crowd never disappoints..and I mean any night of the week. I thought I saw Christopher Walken last time I was there (I was wrong). Anyway, a great alternative to the same old. Play some some other oldie but goodie games, have a few drinks..you're golden! Enjoyable, though it's really an "I'm in the mood to play shuffle board" kind of place in my eyes.Buffalo Billiards is a good place to go with friends to enjoy their 6-8 happy hour during the week, which offers $3 drafts, $4 wells and half off apps. The wings and buffalo chicken dip are quite good here. There are multiple TVs throughout, several pool tables, 3 dart boards, and a few other games including skeeball. The service is usually pretty good. The girl behind the bar with glasses (not sure her name) in the evenings is very nice and helpful and provides great service even when it's crowded. The middle-aged man who is often working behind the bar, who I believe is a manager, doesn't have the friendliest personality and has actually been fairly rude to some of my friends before which is disappointing. Some negatives, I've actually ordered drinks near the end of happy hour before and the receipt had 7:58 on it  for when the order was placed and they charged full price and said it was 8:00 already when I ordered (even with that argument, 8:00 is technically still happy hour in all their advertisements; but oh well). It's not a huge deal and just a few dollars difference, but something to point out which can give you a idea of their customer service style. I've actually held events in the upstairs area before which they did a good job of having all the food we ordered out and on time for the event and it was fairly painless setting up everything and communicating with the events person, not sure about future events being held there but it is a good space for private events. Overall, it's a decent, large place for grabbing a drink and taking advantage of happy hour.Really cool spot but pool table 4 is a catastrophe in how it is arranged. The bar table needs to be moved back and one of the shuffle board tables deleted. As am avid pool player coming here the first time I was extremely disappointed a place with billiards in the name would allow such a shoddy table to existThis place has a little of everything. Food, sports, drinks, games, and dancing. If you're looking for a place to go out with a bunch of people I would recommend Buffalo Billiards. It's also right in Old City so it's at a really good location to bar hop.Now this used to be a regular spot but it seems that the food has gone down in quality. Buffalo Billiards had a good quality of pool hall food in center city. The teriyaki wings used to be the best. The bartender was good company though!The other day after hitting an early happy hour in Old City we ended up landing at Buffalo Billiards. We we got there we were greeted instantly by the bartender and I asked what their specials were. The bartender informed me they had all droughts for $3 and 1/2 priced appetizers until 8pm! We had arrived a little before 7pm and to our surprise we could now continue our outing until 8pm and still drink on the cheap! AND we could eat! So if you get off work later then most and can't make the usual happy hour time (5-7) then head to Buffalo- their happy hour lasts until 8pm Monday- Friday. 
PS- They have delicious wings and fries!This bar is located in Old City, great bar that has a lot of games like pool, shuffleboard, darts, fusbol and others. If you're looking for a bar that is relaxed but has things to do so you're not just standing around, Buffalo Billiards is a nice place to go. It has a decent beer selection too. This place is a little pricey though and the shuffleboard table are really short.I've been there a few times for friends' birthdays. It's a two story bar with pool tables, dart boards and skee ball! It's great for large groups because you can mingle and not be bored by staying in one place all night. The food is typical bar food and it is delicious.Cool bar. Excellent drink specials. Plenty of TVs to watch many different games simultaneously. If your not into watching sports perhaps you can participate in the many games they have. Skeet ball, darts, pool, shuffle board, and video games. Definitely a good place to hangout with a group of people.I really like this hang out spot in Olde City, Philadelphia. My businessman buddy was looking into opening bars/businesses and we were just happen to come across Buffalo Bills. The red room themes are pretty cool and it is has artsy decors in parts of this bar/pool hall that entertain me. Great place to just lounge around and watch people or just have a good conversation at the bar. Spacious and relaxing atmosphere but maybe that was a weeknight. I do not like crowded bars so probably weeknights are for me. Never tried the food yet. Maybe next time.I don't play pool a lot, so this place came off as simple, fun and intimidating. I went with several friends on a Tuesday night, so the crowd was like the atmosphere, cool and laid back. They have a bunch of pool tables, 3 dart boards, a domed hockey game, a buck hunter arcade game, and (drumroll please) a Ms. Pacman/Galaga machine. For a fun after-dinner hangout spot, I was in heaven. There were also a lot of screens with sport and I was really getting into the leather faux west rte 69-ish feel.
But I would be wary of the place on an on night, it could get too trendy  and "bro" oriented for the likes of me.I love it here... great service, great people and great food love the wings and the drinks .... they have enough pool tables for everyone just a great place all around the boardCame here for a friend's birthday. I didn't do much while in here, but the place was pretty accommodating of our giant group. A few played pool, a few stayed back by the bar, some just sat while watching TV, while others played games. Nothing too special about the drinks or draft list, but there's something for everyone to do. Overall just a chill place to hang outJust meeting up with few friends on Friday nights. First, the games were expensive. Shuffle Board was $18 for three people per hour. Ouch. Pool tables were dirty and packed. Drinks were ok and atmosphere... well.. I think Dave and Buster is so much better. Don't be fooled out the website that says Metropolitan lounge. If it wasn't for my friend, not a place for me.Had a great time at Buffalo Billiards years ago! Played pool for hours (mostly because we were so drunk we couldn't sink anything), got free drinks all night, plugged their awesome jukebox, watched fellow conventioners on Spring Break makeout, and generally had a blast!
I know my drunken 5-star review would be tempered by a 1-star review if I were anywhere near sober, 3 stars for Buffalo Billiards! I now laugh whenever I see this chain, as I recently did in Austin on 6th street.This place seems like another typical bar to me - although a lot more spacious. There are games (billiards, of course) that you can play throughout the venue, as well as booths and couches to sit at. The bartender was extremely helpful when helping a friend and me choose a beer. I'll definitely return, and this will definitely be a stop whenever I go bar hopping in the area!Buffalo Billiards is your typical sports bar but for Philly it's unique aspect is its size. Most bars in philly are pretty small but Buffalo Billiards is a large two floor establishment. There are multiple pool tables, darts, skee ball, arcade games and shuffleboard on both floors. 
They have decent happy hour specials like $3 drafts, $5 mixed drinks and half off appetizers from 6-8pm. Then from 9-11 it's half off burgers and $3 local drafts. Their buffalo chicken dip is an ideal ratio of chicken to cheese and is a must try. The rest of the food I've tried was unremarkable. They do have a Skee ball league. You sign up and it is 7 weeks where you compete against other teams. Our friend group did this and even though we weren't as skilled as some veteran skee ballers we had fun.Great atmosphere, games and staff in general. Today great staff moreso than ever. They housed about 100 people affected by a fire from 3:45am until 8am when we were moved. 
Thank you!
Great wings too!This place is better than most in the area, mostly due to the space around you. A ton of bar games like darts, billiards, and tabletop shuffleboard.
There are many craft brews and the prices are certainly reasonable. 
My only concern with the bar is that there aren't many tables and the amount of staff for their guests are a little underwhelming. I've rarely had a bad time here.Went here after a long day of festivals and drinks with friends in the city. It's a pretty low key place, not as crowded as I would have expected on a Saturday night in Old City. They have a wide selection of games to play so it is a fun place to go with a group or even a date. They have several billiard tables, shuffleboard, darts and skee-ball. It's a good place to get a few drinks and play games for a few hours for sure. TVs all over and a pretty standard bar menu, I'd imagine it'd be a good place to watch a sporting event as well as long as your not set on being able to listen. Worth a try!