I've been here a couple of times just for wings and some drinks . I don't have any complaints with either of them. I've always left pleasantly happy . With screens all over the walls you can watch your boxing game , baseball and basketball all at once . They always have plenty of beers on tap , you can never go wrong with the Asian zing and Parmesan garlic sauces.They always drench the wings. If you want to get a large bar feel with a ton of wing options this is your place .I've been here a couple times and I have to say the waitstaff is nice. However, the wings here are just ok. 
I've tried almost all the flavors and dry rubs, but they just seem to be bland overall. The wings come in 4 sizes I believe, the large being around 20 wings. It works out to be more than $1 per wing. In my opinion, that price is only justified if the wings are amazing, However the food here is far less exceptional. Its a decent place to get drinks/apps if you are watching the game and they are offering game time specials, otherwise they are a bit overpriced for they bland and/or super salty food...I had a very enjoyable experience here today. Our server Bridget was very friendly and funny. The wings was delicious and very filling. The only bad things were that the waits were long even though the store wasn't busy, but I think the amazing food justified it.I went to Buffalo Wild Wings for the first time after wanting to go out, but also needing to keep my food low carb. We chose this place because they had wings and so many sauces, which would make us feel like we had ample options. We got the large traditional wings (18 Wings) and chose 4 sauces (Mango Habanero, Blazin, Garlic Parmesan and Thai). All of the flavors were true to their description. The only warning is that they really aren't playing with those Blazin Wings. I've had ghost pepper sauces and spiced wings in the past. Typically, they are toned down and mildly spicy. These things were HOT!!! I think that my max was about 2, but I'd still order them again since I like spicy food. I'd also recommend requesting that these be extra crispy. We made the mistake of not requesting this at another location and the wings turned out a bit baked tasting (so we sent them back). Overall, though, the food at this location came out quick and the service was really prompt. I'm not sure how their other food tastes but their wings are amazing!came here on opening day since we were in the area after shopping at walmart. service was ok, food was great. however, there were too many unnecessary workers that day and the place wasnt even packed. many of them was just standing around talking and being in the way i had to push my way out when i was done.Blah.  Just blah
Lame-O beer list.  Unless you're a BMC afficianado.
Pitifully small "hand spun" wings.  
Bartender didn't send the Heat game into overtime as requested.
1 star experienceI've eaten at this location 4 times. Of those 4 times only two were positive experiences. In my experience the wait to get seated even when not busy is ridiculous. And the wait to get service is just as bad. I'm not sure if they are just not trained correctly or they just don't care enough to monitor good staff habits. In any case aside from that their food is not even good. I personally think their wings are average at best, and have sub par sauces. For a place that's based on their wings I think they are underwhelming. I have also had some of their sandwiches and they reminded me Mcdonalds "premium" sandwiches.
The only positive thing I can say, and the only reason I still go at all is they have a ton of seating and show every boxing and ufc ppv. But I still try to get into millers ale house for events before going here.Not sure why the lack of stars. I've never had a bad experience here. Good specials. 50¢ wing Tuesdays. $3 domestic happy hour. Wait can be a little long some times. Grab a gamepad and climb to the top in trivia.Went for take-out. Two sandwiches and onion rings cost almost $25. The onion ring portion was ridiculous,  and sandwiches no better than Mickey D's or BK. Staff was pleasant, but the wait time was way too long for the empty place.  Save your money!!Plenty of beers on tap and the food is always good. Wide variety of wing flavor options and plenty of parkingAs a server in the business I feel so terrible about leaving anything less then 20%. I understand kitchen and bar make things late or wrong. However, I got a great drink from the bar before sitting and service was fantastic. After waiting for my table for about 20 min (which was for 11 people and they had waiting another 11 top table, that never sat down,  were sat and told we can't call ahead) everything went drastically down hill. Service was by far the absolute worst I have ever had in my many years of being in the business and dining out. Drinks took 20 minutes to get (including water) and we sat for 2 hours for entrees only, meanwhile having a enormous wait at the door. Our checks were double charged for food we didn't order, and multiple orders that came to the table was wrong to begin with. Our corrected food came out in no time (only because we talked to a food runner who told the kitchen) , and it wasn't the kitchen that messed our food up since on our check the wrong things that were ordered were rang in. Server disappeared during a good chunk of our meal and managers had absolutely nothing to say/ completely ignored the good 40$ worth of food on our bill that we never ordered. If I could give 0 stars I would however I'm forced to give 1... And that's only because of the bartenders that helped us in the beginning.The best time to go is during the week, when they have the specials. There fries are amazing but the staff is a hit or miss. Sometimes you get an awesome waiter/waitress and other days you get one who just doesn't care. The wings are okay sometimes they are the right size other times they are too small. They do give free refills in the lemonades, which are pretty good.I had a really mixed experience at this Buffalo Wild Wings.  First off, I LOVE this chain and I refer to them as "The Buggalo" and would shriek this with joy every time a new one would open when I lived in Maryland.
When my dad and I walked in, there was nobody at the hostess stand.  We stood there for about 5 minutes, looking around for someone.  A girl was talking to a server while holding a broom.  She walked over to the hostess stand and REFUSED to make eye contact with either of us and didn't even say hi....then mumbled "hold on a minute" and walked away.  She came back and told us to follow her.  It was probably the worst hostess experience I've ever had.
Thank god our server was so awesome!  Kimberly was a really nice lady, cracking jokes with my dad and being the complete opposite of our miserable hostess.  She was great at keeping drinks refilled and even remembered the little details...like how my dad hates lemon in his iced tea.
We got fried pickles and mushrooms to start and they are always good go-to appetizers here.  I got boneless wings with honey bbq, teriyaki, and parmesan garlic.  They weren't the best boneless wings I've had at a Buggalo, they weren't really hot and didn't taste fresh.
I'm not sure if I'll come back to this one when I get the need for wings again.Ok so. My beloved beer battered onion rings and mozzarella sticks came out super fast. I mean 5 minutes tops. They didn't have those cute little crowns this time but their kiddie tablets definitely kept the kids out of our hair for dinner. I love the wing sauce but our server just assumed we were there before. Usually they ask if its your first time and if it is, you can try alllllll the wing sauces to see which one you like. She was pretty good at keeping up with my empty cup although this was a Monday night and they were not busy. Speaking of being not busy- we had to wait quite some time up front to be seated. Why? It wasn't busy and there were tons of buffalo wild wing workers around. Anyway. The burger my man got was good looking and the little piece I tasted was amazing. I don't remember the name of it but it had burger meat, pork and an onion ring on it. Defiantly going back again :)Good hot wings, mediocre burger, nice server, loud and bright dining area with local sports jerseys seems like they are trying too hard to be part of the city.I was just seated at a table for 20 mins without so much as even looked at by any of the servers. Two of which passed our table multiple times within this time period and waited on all the tables on either side of us, then they started doing their sidework right in front of us! My party and I got up and left and informed the hostess of the situation, it wasn't her fault but she was at least trying to be helpful. Where was the management when this was going on? We just left extremely dissatisfied and will never return to this establishment again.F.y.I. if your birthday happens to fall on a Tuesday, don't good to redeem your birthday wings.  Otherwise wings & things were, decent......Horrible service, very crowded, no beer knowledge. Expensive. Crappy food.My wife, son & I stopped here while out shopping. I figured "why not", I can always go for wings. Should've kept going until I went home & cooked my own. The food was awful; greasy & bland. My wife got the appetizer sampler, & stated everything tasted the same. The only taste the wings provided came from the sauces provided, which were sub-par. Service was slowwwwww, I got older & grayer waiting for my meal & check. This place won't sucker me in again. If I want wings, I'll go to Byrne's Tavern.I think I would like BWW more if "wings" wasn't in their title.  When your restaurant's claim to fame is the wings, they better be the best I have ever had.  Don't get me wrong, I think they are good, just not stellar.  I do however enjoy the sauces here...my favorites being thai curry and mango habanero.  
Their starters are also good.  I especially like the fried pickles and onion rings.  
They do tend to be pricey here.  For that reason, I only go on Tuesdays ($0.60traditional wings) or Thursday ($0.60 boneless).  
They have a great beer selection, but it is overpriced.  All in all, I am very conflicted!Pretty good wings and amiable service. I'm not a big fan of spicy foods but the BBQ and mild wings were flavorful. Not moriarty's but decent enough for the area. A good place for watching games since they have a plethora of tv's.I checked this place out this weekend and I really liked it.  I am not into sports, but I love wings.  I tryed the Mild, Honey BBQ and Teriyaki wings.  They were all good, but I think the mild buffalo wings were my favorite!  The wings are not breaded but they are crispy and well done.  The mild wings were a little spicy which is ok with me.  I can't really comment on anything else on the menu or the drinks but the wings alone were worth the trip.  My waiter was really cool and attentive and the food came out farely quick.  I will be back in the near future.Awful! Ordered on GrubHub. The process was easy, but should have read the reviews first. Almost 2 hours to deliver. Our delivery driver was nice, but the food arrived cold. Everything was salty. The blue cheese was runny. The  best thing was the celery, they could mess that up. Stay Away!!!!One of the worse places I ate at in philly.. The service is like working with 10 year olds. The waitress was so snappy on questions and the no more then one drink on table is so dumb. Can't have a beer on table at the same time... Never will come againOrdered 50 wings and several adult beverages. Split the sauces among the 50 wings. Wings were not freshly prepared, you could clearly tell they're cooked and thrown into a pile under a heat lamp. 
Were served cold, lukewarm. I expect, for the price, to have piping hot wings that are crispy and juicy. Instead, I got cold, dry awful wings.Been here a few times but the last time will be my last time. The service was so bad I think they forgot about us. The food was ok but not as good at our previous trips here. My family and I are huge chicken wing lovers. And for the prices they charge you would think they would give u impeccable service or food or something. I think the only thing this place has going for it is the flat screen tv's everywhere and the germ infested little ipads they gave my kids to play with at the table. You would think they would wipe them off between uses. I would love to go back if the service was guaranteed to be better and I had a coupon. But until then... I'll stick to local wing places around my house.Ick. I didn't stick around for any food or drinks. I couldn't do it. On a Monday afternoon, my Boo and I popped in after TV shopping. We go in, its half empty in the dining area. We're told a 45 minute wait. So we decide to go to the bar and try that. It's loud and flashy. Weird crowd. They actually had signs that promoted their deal of $4 PBRs! $4? Center city wouldn't have the nerve to charge $4, let alone be proud of it. We get an uncomfy seat at the bar, open the menu, and their prices are just ridiculous for the neighborhood or any neighborhood. It is a touristy spot where there are no tourists. I would never need wings this bad. The very young bartender was super busy. I knew that we couldn't expect great service. When she got to us, I witnessed something I've never seen before. My boyfriend ordered a soda. I have known him for 26 years. I have never seen him not order a beer at a bar. Without speaking we knew we couldn't hang here. Threw money on the bar for the sodas and bolted. I have been in very few situations where I couldn't find fun. But this place is the exact opposite of fun. It sucked the fun right out of me and stressed us out. I feel like my cool card would be revoked had we stayed. I don't understand the mastermind behind putting this place in the NE where there aren't any hotels or out of towners. This is the NE where you can get beer and wings practically on every corner. And that's what we did. I just can't see BWWs surviving. It doesn't make any sense. It needs to be close to the airport hotels.That would make sense. Sidenote... I partied at a BWWs in Columbia SC and had a blast. I was away for the Army and it was our first time out in 6 months. There were about 20 of us. It didn't matter where we were. So that place might have sucked too. we"ll never know.The food here never disappoints. It's not gourmet but there are a variety of wing flavors and tons of deals depending on what day you go. The service is good most of the time and never bad.Wings are great and they do weekly specials, but the service is ridiculously slow. I've been about 5 times and only once did we have a good waitress. One time I went, it took 20 minutes for anyone to even come get our drink order. Even then, I had to grab the manager as he walked past our table and let him know. This place is out of the way and not worth the drive. Like I said, wings are delicious, but I can get delicious wings at a places closer to my house with better service.Great place to watch the game. Had no wait on a Friday night around 8pm. Service a little slow at times but not horrible. Waitress let us enjoy the Sixers game without bothering us too much. 
Wings and fries always good.  Great choice of many sauces on the Scoville heat scale. 
Not a gourmet restaurant so don't expect anything too fancy.I've been to other bww before and ivliked it but this location is BAD.  Horrible service, crappy food and bad clienteleI love this place.  The food is good, the atmosphere is great.  Its a wonderful place to be if you're a sports fan.  There are tv's everywhere.  I have to dive into the menu a little more because I 've been to other locations, but always order the same.  Mango Habanero is just too hot for me though.  I'll stay below that line.  Hope you like the local teams because that's what you'll see.  Perfect for me.  They even get extra love from me because there was a Central High School jersey hanging on the wall . . . GO LANCERS! lolStreet Tacos please  with salt & vinegar fries ! Asian Zing Wings , Yes ! I am too excited about Happy Hour and the times (even though a waitress told me it started at 10 ) Signs say 9pm !Got boneless wings for takeout. I don't know what they think a wing is, but what we got was little chunks ranging in size from a marble to smaller than a golf ball. I'm not even sure it was chicken, hard chewy rubber is a better description. Half of the pieces were inedible. The sauce is really not that great, I have better bottled wing sauce. People rave about how great this place is, they must not have tastebuds. If you want good wings, go elsewhere.Went here for the 2015 nfl draft the place was packed but service was still good. Food and drinks came out fast. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because of the food. I ordered 20 wings (shared) and I actually found prices  of bone in 3 of them which is really weird , never had that happen before. Also I ordered nachos , the nachos lacked meat and cheese and everything else that nachos consist of, so I basically had chips that cost 10 dollars. So I definitely would not recommend ordering them.I've been to several buffalo wild wings and this one by far has the worst service. The 2 star rating is for the food only brought down by the service. I was in there with a group of 10 and there was orders never brought out but still charged for, wrong orders served and a 20 minute wait for the correct order after we had waited 30 minutes initially. Then I decided to give them a 2nd chance w/a group of 4. Grrrrr orders were still messed up. If you want a better dining experience go to the BWW over in Langhorne, waaayyy better than the one on Roosevelt.love the food but the service at this place is terrible. I have had multiple bad experiences with service at this particular Buffalo Wild Wings.This place doesn't earn deserve a star. Horrible service The waitress do not care for their job at all. My friends & I came to watch the game and we asked to change the closest screen to us and she said its already requested by someone else... okay fine but let me know why the 4 hours we were there the screen didnt change from the bdubs advertisement? Our food was cold and disgusting and ontop of that we got our bill split and when we got our credit card back she added $10 more (still do not know why) & thats before writing/putting a tip. This place needs help ASAP.I heard all this hype about Buffalo Wild Wings in my neighborhood over the last few weeks, so I had to get my butt down the boulevard and give it a go!
I'll rate my experience as okay. The food itself was pretty damn good. I am not a wing expert, but I enjoyed the few I had along with my spicy buffalo chicken wrap. 
The only thing I wasn't a fan of is the seating and the 129481246 TVs they had all over the walls. We were sitting on these tall stools on a table that was far too small for the amount of food we had. I found the hundreds of games that were going on to be quite distracting from the company I was with. But at the end of the day, its a wing joint so I should've executed that, no?
So, if sports are your thing and so are wings, this place is totally for you!Yikes! After going to BWW in Orlando and loving the wings there, coming to this relatively new location was a total disappointment. To start, the lighting in there isn't just bad, but dreadful- like institutional almost--it is a bar, but come on. Then the beer and wine selection was lame and pricey. Unlike the Orlando location which allows you to combine different wing flavors--this one didn't and when the wings came they were good, but nothing spectacular. Service was lame, got the wrong wings, didn't come with the right sauce, couldn't get a server to get us more napkins--etc. not worth it.Ah, does this place give you wings (like Red Bull?) Maybe.
I heard people were camping outside of this location since 7pm prior to opening day in hopes to get free wings. Ah, the things people would do for free food. Ever since that day, the place has been packed - the interior is plastered with TV's on almost every wall, there are various sporting and gaming channels to watch, plenty of seating and booze, ..and bar food! (so I can see why). I did notice that the main dining area tends to get a bit noisy, so opt for patio seats for a less rowdy and intimate(?..) setting. Take note, it's actually an indoor patio.. not outdoor.
It was our first time eating at a BWW, so we decided to sample some flavors. In order of increasing spiciness, mister and I had an order of Caribbean jerk, Mango habanaro, Hot, and Blazin wings. We also had a side of the fries... of which I thoroughly enjoyed. Yum! Our food came out promptly, but service can be a bit slow. That is to be expected though, since the place is packed.
Verdict of the wings? 
I was definitely not a fan of the sweeter sauces. I prefer my wings spicy and hot, so I'll stick to the Hot and Blazin flavors for next time. Overall, the wings were just right - not overly dry.
Carribean jerk: overly sweet. I think BWW should leave the carribean spices to the pros..
Mango habanaro: if anything, more sweet than hot
Hot: reminds me of the flavor of normal buffalo wings. Very saucy
Blazin: was not blazin at all. It wasn't as saucy compared to the hot wings, so the exterior looks a bit dry. (Fear not! It's not overcooked). The hot wings were actually spicier than blazin!
Apparently, the Blazin flavored wings are supposed to be the spiciest. Buffalo Wild Wings has the Blazin challenge where you sign a waiver and annihilate 12 blazin flavored wings as fast as you can. As a prize, you are promised a head band and picture of yourself on a screen.. I would be able to handle this spicy challenge EASY... but the only tough part would be getting through 12 wings. I'm usually stuffed after the 5th one.
I would come back here to kick it after a hard week of work/school. Great place to go grab some drinks with friends and watch some games.I was ABSOLUTELY disgusted with the service at this place. We waiting over 45 minutes for our entrees in a restaurant that wasn't even busy! When we asked our waitress, Amanda or Angela I believe her name was,  how much longer our food would be, her response was "As soon as it's done, I'll bring it out". She then rolled her eyes and walked off. You would have thought we had been bugging her all night about where our food was. This was the first and only time we asked her. After waiting another 10 minutes, she walks up and said, "we're waiting on your wings, which will be done in 60 seconds and then we'll bring everything out". Someone from our table then politely asked if she could just bring out the food that was ready at that moment and bring the wings when they were done. She then looked at us and said "because waiting 60 seconds is too much" and she walked off again. I could NOT believe her attitude!!!!
Expecting our food any moment now, since she said the waiting should only be another minute, we sat there for an additional 15 minutes, still NO food. At this point, I was ready to leave, but everyone was really hungry and we waited this long, what was a few more minutes.
But me, I was more so insulted by the treatment. I would rather starve than eat in a place that has NO respect for their customers.
We eventually spoke to the manager who was also no help. When our food came out cold, after sitting in the back for so long, we complained, he apologized for the delay and walked away. Didn't offer to heat our food up, or anything.
I was so in shock by the AWFUL service at this place!!! I have never in my life experienced such horrible customer service, and I eat out quite a bit. This experience was really shocking!
On top of the that, the food was just mediocre. Nothing special at all...and we ordered quite a bit, so I got to taste a little of everything.
I will never go back to this place again...and I would NOT recommend it to anyone else. This was my first and last visit.I like the service. The wings are great, I can just imagine and smell those finger licking wings. I'm surprised about the rating they received. They deserve better. The place has plenty of screens to watch your sport/s and to play poker.Visiting family from out of town. We went to BDubs to watch a pay-per-view MMA fight recently.  We sat there for 5 hours and they never asked us to leave. We didn't buy alcohol but we did get two appetizers and soft drinks. The food was NOTHING good and if we had come for a meal and atmosphere we would have been way more disappointed.  It was way overpriced bar food but like I said, we sat there FOREVER and they were cool, so there's something, right?I have such mixed feelings.
Our waitress, I think her name was Bridget, was such a sweetheart and very smiley and polite. The atmosphere (TVs showing all sports games on air) is great.
They have team "captains" who go around asking how your experience is going. Problem here is she asked us way to early on for me to have any other response then "um hi good?" ...
The poor markings I give are a culmination of a lot of small forgotten things that add up and should be elementary restaurant teachings: no water offered, no lime or straw with gin and tonic, no sour cream with quesadilla, missing mayo and ketchup on burger when asked for it, and no captain Morgan! Don't brag about large drink selection if you're out of a prime liquor. 
Wings: garlic parm and honey bbq were yummy!Love our server, they called her Rapko really friendly and helpful.  Food was good and great selection of beers*le sigh* It actually pains me to write this review, I used to LOVE this place, it was once the go to hangout for my brother and I, we even made some great friends here. Oh how the once great has fallen. The whole vibe of the place was "We don't want you here"
Walking in and being "greeted" should've been a clear message. I didn't listen to that voice that said Just turn around and walk away now, you'd think I'd learn to listen to it by now. I stood there being ignored by the people who were talking about take out and who the new guy in the kitchen is hooking up with......I think he's hooking up with Michelle if you're interested (I was not) after about three minutes, which is an eternity when you're hungry. 
My waitress Alex was attentive enough but came across very corporate, it could be the fact that the place was so overstaffed for the night. At any given time there were three of four girls standing around and they all looked MISERABLE. Energy is palpable, and unhappy workers lead to unhappy guests. Also one of the managers was doing this weird thing where he was doing laps around the place. I'm pretty sure he was trying to hatch pokemon eggs because he never addressed any of the guests. At one point a woman from another table looks at me and mouths is he ok? I shrugged back because I didn't know. I've seen attentive managers that are engaged with their guests but this really did come across as kinda creepy. And now for the food.....
My appetizers and drink came out fine (so long Huckleberry lemonade you will be missed). Now I'm used to the Tuesday specials is was fun, so when I ordered six wings and was told I could only get them in multiples of 5, it wasn't the end of the world but it took some of the fun away and all but guaranteed that I wouldn't experiment with any new sauces because I didn;t want to get stuck with 5 if I didn't like them, so far it was only champagne problems and little nuisances but it DID feel like they were all adding up. Then my wing order came out and I became a mom (you read that right, no typo). My asian zing were great but my go to wing, the parm garlic, came out barely dressed. Seriously, I felt like walking back in the kitchen, holding my wings, and saying "Now you knew this wasn't right when you sent it out." I'm super annoyed now but let's try to handle this the right way I thought and asked my waitress for some extra Parm garlic sauce, then I found out why they came out that way as it took 15 minutes before I got the sauce to put on my now cold wings, apparently they'd run out and had to make more. I finished my (cold) wings and got my bill just to get out the door, I even skipped dessert which I usually like but since they'd messed up everything from my seating to my fav wings, I was just ready to leave bad enough alone. 
I'm not the kind of person that gets a manager and demands things be stricken from my bill, I just pay and choose to never set foot in the place again, and that's the case here. Oh and new kitchen guy, if you ARE having sex with the waitress by the dumpsters close to the bus stop, everyone in the place is talking about it!If your restaurant is named after wings, you should have good wings.  These wings are mass produced and held under a heating lamp all day long.  They are never crispy which is the key to a good wing.  Other Buffalo Wild Wings have much better wings.  Stay away from this location.Been here a few times, but tonight would be the last. Came to the bar with my friend to have a few drinks and some wings. Once the bill comes, the bartender gives me a the wrong itemized receipt that was only for $20 but the copy they need was for $50. I asked the bartender to give me my correct receipt thats when she started acting really nervous digging in the trash running back and for when not many people where there. She overcharged me, then tried to say I had more drinks than I actually did. Going as far as pulling bottles from the trash. I can handle my alcohol sasha. I can't prove it but I feel that her friends that were at the bar would have gotten some free drinks on me if i didnt notice the "mistake". Last time I will come here. Didn't even get an apology. Lying to customers and blaming them.Came in for the first time yesterday with a party of 7. They told us the wait would be about 25 mins but they seated us within 15 min. They seated us at the back near the exit door . We checked the menus out for a couple mins and waited. At least a good 30 min went by and not one person came to acknowledge our table. Other tables around us got serviced. Apparently every table around us had different servers. My husband called on to the server next to our table and he said he will let our server know that we are back here. Waited for another good 10 mins before our entire party,with 2 toddlers who wanted water the entire time, up and left the establishment. First time here and our last. Hope you guys learn how to split up your servers into working different sections rather than different tables all over the place. The one server that was servicing two big tables next to us always comes over to help them. Wished he help us but our server had gone missing somewhere. Womp womp.As a New York jets fan in the Philadelphia area, sometimes it can be hard to catch the game at home. If you're into fantasy football or you're team isn't on cable, Buffalo Wild Wings is the best place to catch the game you need. 
This particular Buffalo Wild Wings has pretty decent service. The manager comped is our appetizer because they didn't get the jets game on time. But sometimes the waitresses are slow or non existent. 
The food is pretty on par with other Buffalo Wild Wings. Make sure you drink a lot of water because it is SALTY. 
Bottom line, if you're a football fan who needs to see the game I can't think of a better place to ensure you can see whatever game you want to.It's your typical b dubz. Mango habanero is good but spicy. Blazing is hot just for the sake of being hot so it's fun to get one but not to eat an entire plate. Hot garlic is salty. Honey bbq is fine. 
Service is good. What you would expect from a chain of this style.This place was awful. The food was terrible and over salted. The service was very poor. Our waiter smelled of alcohol. There was a "biker" gang out front blasting music. They stood right in front of the entrance making it difficult to get in. The drinks were terribly weak and overpriced. You think a wing place would have good wings. Both of our orders of wings were barely edible. I complained to the manager which I never do. He called me, was pretty nice, and sent me gift certificates. I threw them in the trash. I would never go to that dirty, smelly, place again. It is a bar with shitty service, shitty drinks, and shitty food.If I could give this negative stars, it would be generous. NOISY. Crappy hostess, sticky menus, waited ten to fifteen minutes for a waitress when there were three standing around and it was not that busy. At least the waitress was friendly, despite her forgetting my mustard. Food was meh. I'll never get that hour of my life back.I've been to a few Buffalo Wild Wings but this is the one I've dined at the most sober.  As far as wings go, I'd place the quality as a 9/10... great selections and nice meat on the bones.  Parmesan garlic and Spicy Garlic are my favorites... maybe I just like garlic?  My bf loves the Asian Zing, Medium was 'meh' and I was not a fan of the Jammin' Jalapeno or Caribbean Jerk.  I'm dying to try the Mango Habenero but bf won't eat them if my tongue catches fire.  
Fries suck, mozz sticks won't kill the craving but the nachos weren't half bad.  I've tried the Honey BBQ Chicken Salad and it's not worth the wait... the quality chicken is clearly left in the wing department.  
The best part of BWW is Tuesday night... half priced wings from 7-9 pm.  A happy hour I can actually attend?  Bring it!  Bf and I got in-and-out in less than $30... and we enjoyed beer and 24 quality wings.  Downer is the extra price for Blue Cheese and Ranch OTS.  
Melissa is awesome, hence why we know her name, but service has been 50/50 most visits.  Our server on St. Patty's day was obviously bitter she had to work.  Friendly service yields a bigger tip; the managers should probably inform them of that.  And the managers should also probably table touch.  I've seen one person kind of in control (kind of short, dark hair) and he's the only manager who's ever checked in with us. 
All in all... the point is the wings and on Tuesday night, they definitely outweigh the service and salads.I used to love BWW, but this place is just so over priced (hints the 3 stars). Yes the food Is good, yes it's a cool atmosphere...but $9 for 8 boneless wings...that's ridiculous (and that's just the snack size)! If you want 12 wings and some fries and a soda, you're looking at about $20 per person! You might as well go to Olive Garden or Red Lobster and get better food for the same price. If BWW was more reasonably priced it would get a much higher rating
I'm disappointed overallBad Service, Manager is unprofessional, Servers are lazy and rush customers out even though they themselves will give slow crappy service throughout meal... The owner needs to fire staff and start over or they'll be closed within half a year...Good place to watch the World Cup (or any other sporting event).
Great service, super beer selection, ok food.  Wings are above average, and lots of flavors to choose from.  Other than the wings, everything else was typical "bar food".
No way I can give 5 stars for bar food, but all in all- a great dining experience.I have had better wings, this place is just like the rest of them. I like there wings I like the huge variety of sauce and dry rub. The last few times I been here, my food was cold and it just wasn't that great, very mediocre. I never understood why the place was always so packed..there proves are high and the food is just "ok".I think way over rated. And too expensive for the quality you get.me and my kids were there when first opened and they didn't even have enough silver ware and waited forever for our food for it to be the wrong order, than two weeks ago my husband wanted to go cause he heard from work that it changed. So we went and the wings were horrible and way over priced , I think!  The waitress was so slow and constantly on her phone.  This was northeast locationFirst coming here and I was not happy with the establishment .. first I wanted a pumpkin rumchata martini and the bartender tells my waitress that they do not have the ingredients to make the Martini . Why have a drink to your menu and not have the ingredients? I asked for a chili queso dip and it looked like it was made from a microwave and just thrown on a plate.  The only thing that was good here was the waitress she was really nice other then that I don't see myself coming back here .Ordered out and the order was entirely wrong. I was locked out, had to bang on the door to be let inside, only to then be ignored while waiting at the counter to pick up my order. Half way on the ride home I realized I didn't get my drinks- probably $3 each (2 drinks total) to be compensated by two bottles of water- not even my money. Whatever. Get home to realize that my one order (the sampler) was missing onion rings, and given the wrong sauce. Great job lolStopped in for lunch. Place was slow but clean and well lit. Sat at the bar and was served by a gent named William. He was prompt. Placed my order. Garlic Parm wings and fries lunch special. Food came out in a timely manner. Wings were delicious!! Nice, big sized wings might I add. The garlic Parm sauce was immaculate. I recommend this place.Service was good. Wings were good. Fries were ok..... Would definitely go back.  Great amount of quality TV's.  Didn't have any drinks, but the bar area seemed nice.  Good prices too.Great experience this time around. Our bartender Ashley was very attentive and very pleasant. I recommend this BWW at the Rosevelt Boulevard. Worth every penny for a good experience on a football night. Keep up the great work.I love love love wings. The service was excellent. We arrived there very early so there was no crowd. The wings are amazing. They are all evenly cooked and they are a nice size. Very clean. Not too noisy.I have to say that BWW is just very mediocre and average. There is really nothing that sets the restaurant apart from a typical sports bar that serves wings and burgers, with TVs in every direction. For a place named for its wings, they were very much an item I could get much better elsewhere. 
So while this place wasn't "bad," it was very much "meh."The location in Virginia is awesome but this one needs some serious work staff wise. The food is great but unfortunately I can't say the same about the employees. The first time we went to this location a waiter took our drink orders. A half hour later we were still waiting. It turned out that they fired him in the middle of his shift and no one thought to take his tables. We never received an apology or anything. They could of at least comped my soda but no they charged every penny they could. The second time there everything took forever. The waitress told us one price and gave us a bill with that amount on it. She came back with our debit card and had charged it $20.00 more then we were told and then the bill said. When we questioned this she just stated that they forgot to add a few things to our bill. No apology or anything. She should of came over and told us of the price change before she charged the card.I am giving a 2 because I did not have their signature wings, so maybe it's best just to go with the wings.
We got the fried fish sandwich, son got the flatbread pizza (and "oranges"), and I got the chicken tenders.
Waitress put on the superficial attitude that she was personal, but then when it came to making the dining experience helpful, she dropped the ball.  She asked if this was our first time, and we said yeah.  When ordering, she asked what sauce I wanted, and I asked for "honey mustard" -- she knows what I was probably expecting (since I hadn't been here before) but in no way warned me what was to come.  She also asked if my young son wanted fries or "oranges" and we said oranges.  What came out were CANNED MANDARINS... like 6 tiny sections (probably less than would come in an actual mandarin) in a tiny little cup.  Like, how are canned mandarins.. oranges?  So, she misled us.. and as you will see.. she misled us alot and didn't care about actually serving us.
She gave my husband tartar sauce with his fish sandwich.. and no lie, she filled the tiny cup up to 1/8 of the cup.  There was less than half a teaspoon of tartar sauce in there.  And she forgot my honey mustard sauce.. probably on purpose.   Because after not seeing her for 5 minutes, I got up and asked for the sauce and extra tartar sauce.  Another waitress got them for us.  I stared at the honey mustard.. what was that?  It had no mayonnaise in it and questionable whether it had vinegar.  It tasted awful... my husband thought it had orange in it (maybe that's where the oranges went?)  
Anyway... ALL the food was so salty that it was unpleasant.  The batter on my tenders had too much salt... the honey mustard was all salt.  My son's pizza looked so dry and hard but thankfully he doesn't give a crap as long as it resembles pizza, so he said it was ok.. but it had to be salty because he kept drinking.  And I had to ask for refills.. not like the waitress would look and try to refill for us.
Then, she asked how things were and I mentioned I needed another sauce because this honey mustard had something wrong with it... and she said "oh.. you don't like the BOURBON honey mustard either, huh?" ... and I was like "If you knew this was called something else than just "honey mustard" and tasted horrible.. why did you let me order it.. especially why did you ask if we were new here if you didn't educate us or let us try one of your 27 sauces?"
The food is awful.. NEVER AGAIN.  I suspect that our waitress resents all the extra work that she would have to do to make up for the awful food... so that was horrible too.Boneless wings were not good. I ordered the spicy garlic but it tasted more like buffalo wings. There wasn't even a hint of garlic.Don't come to this place!!! Waited 30 minutes and no one greeted us. We've decided to take our own seats and someone popped out and said to us that manager told them not to seat anyone until further notice. I can understand that they might be busy but that shouldn't be an excuse for not greeting your costumes. Worst customer service ever. Will not return to this location.First time coming here was in the few days of opening, waited forever, order kept getting screwed up, however the wings I had were good. Just went here again and can say it'll be my last time coming here. Ribs and wings were so disgusting and rubbery. Tasted microwaved with sauce thrown on it and my stomach has been feeling funky for the remainder of the day. Artichoke dip however was good. Waitress forgot my celery and blue cheese. Staff also wasnt too friendly here.I normally love Buffalo Wild Wings, but I've gotten sick both times I've eaten here. Once is bad luck, twice is something worse. The one in Oxford Valley is much, much better!I enjoy my wings and Sports. I've haven't had a issue there yet and I've been going the past 3 years 8x a year easy. If Sunday is a bust then go here drop $10 on wings and rock out the whole 1pm football games or the 4pm gamesI came here with friends for an Eagles game thinking be a great place to try for a game. We lasted till the half before leaving. This was a bad experience for multiple reasons.
Beer prices were through the roof ridiculous. $7.70 for a Guinness? That's a new one even for the area. Food prices were also over priced and when we received our food, the portion was very small. This goes hand in hand with the service. It took us over 20 minutes to get an appetizer order, and though the waitress apologized she seemed like she didn't care. The service here was bad with little to no attention given or frankly care. 
Combine all of this and the place deserves the one star. Horrible experience, food and drink over priced, not even worth what they charge, bad customer service. I gave this place a chance and will never do so again. In an area where you have Miller's next door and Chickie and Pete's three blocks away, it's no wonder this place looks dead empty all the time. Definitely can't recommend.While I do love their flatbreads, there are a lot of things I do not like about this place. First off, the noise level. Yes, I understand it's a sports bar but when you can't hear the waitress or have to repeat yourself three times for them to hear your order, it's a bit outrageous. Secondly, the wings aren't that great, in regards to the size and quality. Their variety of sauces and dry rubs however are pretty good and I like that you can purchase the sauces. Thirdly, they always wind up bringing out the appetizers and meals together. I don't think they know what an appetizer is and when you're supposed to get it. Lastly, sometimes it takes awhile to get our food, but that pretty much depends on the day.Ok I'm finally getting around to writing my review. I was so pumped on Buffalo Wild Wings ever since I heard they were opening which was about a month ago.
I went at night on opening day. It was a bit noisy and chaotic but I can totally understand that given the fact they just opened 9 hours earlier.
When I say Best Bloody Mary I've ever had, that's somewhat of an understatement. The drink I was presented with upon ordering was a beautifully displayed gift from the gods. Tall glass, 3 olives, a pickle, celery stalk, a lemon, and lime wedge. I figured it was all show, so I took the first sip. It was overwhelmingly delicious! Salted to perfection, had the perfect amount of bite, and it wasn't too strong. I would return for this drink alone!!
The food came out about 13 minted after we ordered. Their wing sauce selection is crazy!! I ordered 12 medium wings just to test the waters. They were fantastic!! And the old lady ordered a steak wrap with onion rings, also great. 
The wait staff is extremely friendly and really know what they're talking about. The bar area is set up beautifully and there's about 492 flat screen TV's on the wall.
We got 2 bloody Mary's, a soda, 12 wings, and a steak wrap meal for roughly $38. Great food at a great price! I was thoroughly satisfied with everything.
Next time, I'm ordering the fried pickles and salt and vinegar wings!For a place with wings in the name I expected to be amazed. Not so much, the wings weren't cooked well and the sauce was just average.  My friend had a different kind and his weren't good either. Kids meals were unimaginative and over priced as all the other food, won't be backAt least this joint has some different wing sauces to break the oh-hum wing routine. The Jamaican jerk is my fav. But for the life of me I can't imagine who pays attention the the main screen programing...oh wait...nobody does. Also a little loud for my tastes.... but it is a sports bar. Had some great bar-mate conversations there and I'm just getting to know a couple of the staff. Big turnover is calming down since opening, its taken some time to settle in with a regular staff. I like this place, but management could be a bit more receptive to feed back. I got a real bullsh...t response when I offered feedback to them.Every time I've gone to this location, the service has been prompt and all the servers have been friendly. Food is consistently good, even when we get take out!