This place is over-priced, highly disorganized and not really worth the money.  I got the El Mariachi burger and the cheap roll couldn't even hold the ingredients in place.  Furthermore, I found a hair in my burger, ick.  This is the second time I've tried this place and I will not be going back.  Their hummus was ok, which is the only reason I give it one star, but otherwise, zero taste, staff has no clue which end is up, and too much money for the product you are getting.One might think that with the name Burger.org the specialty would be a burger?  If that is the case one might think that they could cook a burger to order.  
I can't tell you if the beef was fresh as advertised because my medium burger came to me well done or beyond.  The veggie toppings and the roll were good, 'cept I was expecting more heat from the jalepenos.  
If you go and you are also wondering why the burger is dry it is probably because the "chef" squeezes out all of the juices with the spatula.  Who in their right mind would to that?
And I can't wait to figure out if their web site is burger.org or burgerorg.com cuz I'm confused.   Update:  Yelp adds links in for your convenience and burger.org takes you nowhere.I am at a loss for words.......  An 11 dollar "steak" that was more onion than meat.  The fries were more grease than spud....
NASTYThey have pretty good organic beef burgers.  Juicy and flavorful on a big, soft bun.  Try it with a touch of garlic mayo and  your typical lettuce, tomato, and onion.  I am also one of those strange creatures who loves liver, so I had to try the sauteed livers entree.  It was okay but a little on tough, bland side.  I'll stick to my other standbys for liver but I will return for the burgers.  They also have fish "burgers" which I am dying to try.  It gets a bit crazy here during peak hours and it's not exactly a sit-down place (think bars and stools) but it's good for grabbing a quick, satisfying bite.  And in all honesty, when you want a burger, you won't be too concerned with abiding by Emily Post's rules.So far I've only tried the lamb burger.  I got it "el mariachi" style with jalapenos, avocado, and ... something else.  The patty itself was adequate, as were the toppings, but nothing special.  The bun, actually, was the tastiest item -- soft, toothsome, and fresh-tasting.  Next time I'll try something else on the menu, like shwarma or the beef burger.
The drink choices were the typical mega-corp (Coke, Snapple) selection of industrial imbibe-ables (not even a single Honest Tea, which, sadly, is now completely owned by Coca Cola).  Thankfully, they provide cups of water on request.Really liked this place! Sweet potato fries were hot and yummy. Had the gringo burger - love the cali guacamole. Thought the staff was very helpful. Food came out hot and fresh. Granted it was late at night so not a ton of people there. We watched them make fresh hummus and then got a sample. Hope can go back again soon!Feeling the effects of a cold kicking my butt and realizing I needed some iron & protein, did I reach for a multivitamin? No. A burger.
The Good
- Signature burger + guacamole + garlic mayo = yum
- You can order online
The Bad
- The fries were a bit undercooked
The Ugly
- When I returned to the store with my undercooked fries (maybe 5-6 mins after leaving), I was told it wasn't that they were undercooked but that they were soggy because I took the fries to go and waited too long to eat them. I work across the street. The fries were still piping hot, just completely undercooked but they did agree to re-fry them.This is a pretty simple place in a good location, but the food is not particularly good. I got the El Gringo special burger and sweet potato fries. The burger was pretty mediocre (although cooked the way I asked), too heavily peppered and on a really cheap bun. The fries were overly oily, soggy, with too much cinnamon on them. For $14-15 dollars I would have been much better off going down to Shake Shack a block away. I won't come back here, and I predict they'll close within a year.I went to the location on 19th and Chestnut. The place is a little small, not recommended for large parties. Friendly staff, and great for people who are looking for something kosher. The sweet potato fries get better as you eat them. Burgers are nicely cooked, well seasoned. Beware of the jalapeños!I am seriously bummed about this place.  I work a block away and when The Snow White Diner closed I was looking forward to lamb burgers!.  I went today with a co-worker and we each got lamb burgers.  They were mediocre at best.  The bun would have been delicious if it hadnt been stale and the burger was good but small compared to the bun.  I had like 2 inches of bun left over after I finished the burger.  My meal, a burger and a can of soke came to $9.51.  $2 for a can of soda.  
The only reason they get two stars instead of one is because they use quality meat which you can taste.  
The service was weird.  We were the only people in the restaurant and we sat at the diner style bar and waited to order food.  The server walked over to the register and said "come over here so I can take your order."  Weird, because of the set up of the restaurant, that you order at the register.  
So all in all, if this place was in the burbs or the middle of nowhere it would be good.  But it's surrounded by places with delicious inexpensive food.The burger itself was quite good, as well as the home-made bun, but the whole package was a bit mediocre. The service seemed slapdash, though they were kind enough. Their LevelUp isn't working yet, but there were no signs other than the LevelUp decals posted everywhere, and they didn't take cards. Thankfully the woman working the register was nice enough to let me run to the ATM while they were making my burger. It was a bit distracting when all the staff was chatting loudly, bickering, etc. And I took the tomatoes off my sandwich when I saw that the woman cutting them wasn't wearing gloves and hadn't washed her hands in between touching the cash register and food prep.
I had garlic mayo on my beef burger, and it was tasty, but I was mildly unnerved that about 70% of the sauce bottles were unlabeled. I also wish they had small to-go cups for sauce! I wanted to try a variety of them.
I almost went down to 2 stars for the sweet potato fries - floppy, undercooked, and unsalted. Maybe a little cinnamon on there? I can't tell. But it's like you weren't even trying.
I'm unsure what will happen with this place once Shake Shack opens -- it's great for those who are keeping kosher, and they do use really good beef for their burgers, but I'm not entirely sure that will be enough. I would like to come back and try the fish burger and/or shawarma, though.I loved it - and have been there several times!  The lamb burger was absolutely delicious.  I've wanted to try other things but I keep going back for that.  Friends have had the shwarma and the shishka-bob and loved those dishes as well.  Glad to hear they're expanding to New Jersey!!I used to like this place but the last time we ordered takeout, I got it home and my son sniffed and said, it doesn't smell good.  We looked at his chicken schnitzel closely and sure enough, the meat was rotten.
My husband bit into his burger and it was green on the inside.I should've listened to my instinct and walked out as soon as I peeped the menu (there should be some law about having "burger" in the name of your place when there is all of ONE menu option for a beef burger. No cheese. Just LTO and the "special sauces" options are basically ketchup, chipotle and thousand island).
To sum up my experience... I ordered a medium burger and fries, took 2 bites, observed the blandest burger ever which btw was cooked well and the bun was twice the size of the patty, paid $15 and then walked a couple blocks over to Shake Shack to eat a REAL burger. Which cost $2 less.. Huh?!? Simply mindboggling. I could've cooked a better burger from the storebought pack that sat in my freezer all winter
I'm not one to slam a place but the lack of any customer service sealed it for me. Whoever decided to open this place is either completely out of touch with the competition or just isn't interested in being a successGood burgers right near rittenhouse.  Delicious place for to sit in if your in the area.  Their delivery takes a bit and everything was soggy by the time it got to me but if you're in the area, the food is definitely worth dropping in and eating there.Medium rare burger was charred black, pretty much burnt.  The roll was stale and crumbled when I bit into it.  Burgers seem overpriced, even if they were served correctly.
Update:  had to eat food from here again as it was the only option provided by my work for a meeting.  I tried chicken burger this time, since the normal burger was so horrible before.  This time, the chicken burger was completely raw and pink on the inside.  I was afraid to eat it and just had Combos for lunch instead.Word of the day..... Disappointed
The quality of the burger is bland, tough and I wish I ate at Mckie D's.. The cook asked how I would like my burger, med rare please... No, he cooked it well. Sweet potato fries taste fresh but aren't crispy more of a baked taste.  I won't acknowledge this place as a burger joint.... 
Bummer.orgWorst customer service EVER!!!  I sent a fax ordering lunch for my office for a birthday.  We sent it via fax to make sure that there was no confusion with what we ordered and then called to make sure they got it which they said they did.  We also specified over the phone that we needed it by noon.  12:15 I called to ask about the order's status I could hear people discussing it in the background and then they hung up.  I called back and the woman said she didn't make it, simple as that.  I told her we called to confirm the fax was received and she flatly said "well, I didn't see it until now" with no apology and even blamed me for not calling to make sure they received it.  I did!  She said that wasn't her problem.  So I asked her if our food would even been made if I didn't call again.  She said "I don't know.  Maybe.  I'm busy. It's lunch time."  Yes, which is why I placed the order as soon as they opened.its quite simple, the place has good burgers but, services is Zero, they think they are gods, don't every try to order delivery they will close on you on convince, if they feel they do not want to deliver tough luck for you. that is after taking a order.
Stay away from this joint only go here if its the last place open  and you are not able to stay hungry for the next place to open.
very rude, poor service, poor management, no respect for customers 
I really should open up a place just to drive these yahoos out of business.
pissed like hell ......Burger was flavorless. Only flavors came from the toppings: pico di gallo and onions. 
Service.. No greetings when guests walk in. Not even the worst part. 
After taking 3 bites of the "burger", I asked for the check. But the waitress just TOLD me the price, and when I asked to see the receipt (Because I would like to have a PHYSICAL check to ensure the accuracy), she gave me a "bi#%^, really?" stare. Then she THREW the receipt on my table.
Paid, left, didn't tip, never going back.I have a new kosher lunch spot. Burger.org. My first visit -- had the chicken shawarma sandwich. Excellent. I am eager to work my way through their menu.Wow! Really great burger. I went with a basic beef burger and added a little thousand island to it.  Very juicy and perfectly cooked to medium rare. The inside is set up with a counter and bar stools. The staff was very friendly. It's kosher so no cheese but they do offer a variety of other toppings and other items such as lamb and fish burgers as well as sandwiches and a few special items. This place is probably dangerously close to my office, but glad it's here.Don't. Just don't. The place is filthy. The staff acts as if you're intruding in their space. The bathroom, which is through the kitchen, made me swear that I would never visit there again. The food is unremarkable. There are a half dozen superior burger places in the neighborhood--do yourself a favor and go to one of them instead.Stopped in last Thursday night prior to a show at Helium Comedy Club. Wanted to try this place on the recommendation of a strictly-Kosher eating friend. 
First: The positive -- the quality of the beef burger is very good.  Done medium, served 'plain'.  
As for the rest:  Fries came out ahead of the burger and were below average. Kind of greasy long shoestrings without a lot of texture or flavor to them. 
Condiments were pretty gross. Plastic bottles more than half-empty with crusty junk on 'em.  
I think your only drink options are cans/bottles from a cooler. 
Total bill came to around thirteen bucks, which is steep considering the middling quality of the experience. If I had to make a recommendation, it would be getting a burger to go, and skipping everything else.Welcome to Rittenhouse! The perfect addition for my Kosher friends (I do not keep Kosher.) My burger lamb burger was great! Cooked perfectly and the server was so nice! A great new addition close to where I work/live/hang... I will be back soon!Very average. I got a standard cheeseburger with the typical toppings, and regular fries.  If they can't pull THAT off then why come back?  It tasted like your average burger. In fact, I've had better burgers and fries at diners and at home.  
Would not go back.I'm a vegetarian and I was excited to see a burger place open on my block that sold veggie burgers. Was. As in, past tense. 
Product (Food): The burger itself was adequate. Definitely no need to write home...
Service: The woman behind the register was a brusque but it was okay because she seemed to be doing a lot. I can appreciate hard work so I placed my order and sat down. That is when the rabbit hole opened...the young woman who made my burger sneezed several times. Several. But she didn't change her gloves once. I could not believe it. She then packed up someone's sandwich and sent him on his way. I just KNEW she was going to change her gloves before she proceeded to make my sandwich. Yea. No. She proceeded to make my sandwich without changing her gloves. Even as I write this words still escape me...
Overall: I thought my experience might be unique so I have come in a pretended to look at a menu while I watch them make food. It wasn't a unique experience. The level of cleanliness is unacceptable...especially since I can literally see you making the food. They are litterally across the street from me and I have not and will not go back.Its a great place for a quick, no-noncence, stop on the run.  Burgers are good without being too pricey.  I like their sweet potato fries, too.  Great place to discuss the upcoming Dead Sea Scrolls coming to the Franklyn museum or some new deal at the Jewish Museum.We were initially excited to see a burger place in Rittenhouse - but when we got our food we quickly realized they put onions on my burger even though i specifically asked them not to. But then again how could they get it right when both women working the front were on the phone the whole time. 
They also originally told us they didn't have regular fries...then after we wait 15 mins for the sweet potato fries (which we really didn't want) they tell us they have regular fries but we would have to wait 10 more minutes for them. 
Lot of confusion, looks a little dirty, seemingly no real care for quality even though it's a $10 burger and $4 fries - we will not be back but wish them the best of luck.I've been to the burger.org in AC so u was anticipating that same level of awesome sadly although the food was good it wasn't the same quality as the other location. 
I also thought the service left much to be desired, a friendly smile and courtesy would go a long wayZero Rating!!!! DO NOT GO HERE!!!!
BELIEVE ALL THE BAD REVIEWS HERE - I DIDNT AND REGRETTED IT!!
READ FURTHER FOR DETAILS
If there was an option to give negative ratings - I would give it.
Went there with 3 other friends - one of whom was vegetarian.
We stood there for a good 5 mins before the 2 women behind the counter who were just standing chatting with each other turned around to acknowledge us.
When they finally did.
We gave out order
2 fish  burgers- no bun
1 jerk chicken
1 veggie burger -no mushrooms.
1 sweet potato fries
All of them in the $8 -$10 range
FYI- no burger comes with cheese - CHEESE IS EXTRA!!!- for 10 bucks u can throw in a slice of cheese!!!
The fish burgers came in a huge lettuce leave with gauc slathered on it haphazardly. These were OK
The jerk chicken- had ice cold buns with ice cold refrigerated mushrooms on them - When I went upto the counter and told her - she laughed in my face and said she had it on the grill - I said - why dont u eat one and tell me if it ever touched the grill-  BLATANT LYING!!!
She made a face and put the top bun and mushrooms on the grill.
My vegetarian friend went upto the counter and asked - is the burger vegan - she said 'YES - but its made of eggs" - essentially he went hungry
At this point the fries never came - we asked for them twice and they said they r coming.
The chicken burger was a disaster even after they got it back - the bottom bun was still cold.
A guy who seemed like the owner - came to us and said oh they both got confused about whos gonna make fires why dont you grab a drink each- Well we were not really in the mood for that!!!
When we went to pay - she tried charging us more for the bunless fish burgers
When I told her my burger was horrendous- she said no it was fine!!! ( WTF???!!!)
I did not tip- and when she saw this- she laughed-
Maybe they have good business so they don't care really care- but I will never go back there!!!
Not suprised since every other review says this!I absolutely loved burgers.org! It was very allergy friendly-they have both lettuce wraps and gluten-free hamburger buns!! I was so ecstatic! The pico de gaillo, guac, and sweet potato fries are awesome, as well! 
It's on the expensive side, but definitely worth it!I used to like this place. But it has become insufferable.  There's only a few things that I dislike more than not knowing what I just ordered when I read the menu competently.
My burger had random things on it that I did not ask for when I got a specialty burger it came with other things on it that are not part of the menu. I'm guessing I have to get behind the counter and cook it myself if I want to get what I want.
 Every section of the menu does not tell you what will be on the item, and then things may get overloaded with one thing or the other.  The sweet potato fries magically came with cinnamon on them, and considering I paid 3.95 for fries I think there should be some sort of warning that you are going to ruin them by putting subpar cinnamon on them so I can't actually taste what you think is worth four dollars. 
They also started putting buffalo sauce on the customer next to me's wings when he ordered just the grilled chicken wings instead of the buffalo wings. They are separate items on the menu. What the hell? Then they had the gall to just serve it to him after he shouted "no, I don't want that" in Hebrew.  I'm sorry, you do not just serve something that you explicitly fucked up in front of a customer. They basically said "I don't give a fuck what you want, but here's 10 wings in a way you did not want them prepared for 9.95.
They claimed soda on their menu and charged me for one then made me pay for it before I got any of my food, then tell me there's no sodas and only Snapple. Snapple is not a fucking soda. 
I will never be going back to this place when their etiquette is "fuck you, we'll give you the food we want to give you, not what you fucking ordered and we are going to make you pay exorbitant prices for no fucking reason"
I get that you have "preservative antibiotic free" kitchen. Oh wait, you absolutely don't! I see that Goya Garbanzos can on your line. Goya Garbanzos have Ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid in them for color retention. Really? I mean, really?
I'm over it.They should not have shawarma.  When I ordered shawarma, it sandwich came with a hogie bun, not peta.Burger .org is an Israeli owned, Mexican themed, kosher burger joint with German, Asian, and Arabic offerings. 
The website describes their cuisine as American.
You may see for yourself. However, do not go to burger .org looking for the menu for burger .org, as the website for burger .org is www.burgerorg .com. Apparently this restaurant is a for-profit enterprise.
I ordered the lamb "El Gringo" burger in lettuce. For those keeping score, this is an originally Germanic, American-style dish with a traditionally Mediterranean meat, served Kosher, sans bun, under a Spanish name meaning "white person." 
It was delicious. Highly recommended.
I also got a side of sweet potato fries which are, for the record, the American version of the French preparation of a tuber originating in Venezuela. Perhaps the ".org" component of their name refers to the education one receives when considering the multi-ethnic nature of their offerings.
They have barbecue sauce in a squirt bottle and that was also good.Royalewithcheese.gov was better.Nice people, but:  1.6 rating
Overcooked is not medium well.
Was that a tomato?  I couldn't tell it was basically white. 
all the onions were in one spot and were not fried as requested.
If you're going to charge $8 you better have something awesome about your burger.I am surprised by the positive feedback because my experience was anything but. I was excited to have this new restaurant on the street, but the service was horrible at best. The staff was standing around barely moving and there was absolutely no flow to taking orders and preparing them. One employee was eating lunch and cooking at the same time with food all over his shirt. My lettuce wrap took 15 mins and I had to remind them to charge me. I am very patient, but there is clearly a lack of professionalism.Burgers are over cooked. Chicken wings were from anorexic chickens, they were skimpy on the hummus, but they are kosher. I ordered from there because they are kosher, close and fast food. But the service and the food aren't that great, not to mention a little steep on the prices.I recently ordered 2 specialty beef burgers, med rare. The person working behind the counter proceeded to let 3 people pay (read-3 separate checks with each person counting out exact change) while my 2 burgers sat on a paper plate waiting to be put in the sandwich. When we finally got to bite into the burger, it was well done with enough bun for 2 + burgers. I don't need to eat Kosher, so I will skip this place for FIVE GUYS next time. No thanks.Don't bother. Dozens of better options in the area.. for either less money or better ingredients and portions.If I could rate their sauce selection, I'd give five stars.  Everything else was more on the disappointing side.
This place is an eye sore on the corner of chestnut street with highler orange and green painting.  The inside is kind of dirty and the staff is a bit..distant? i can't really explain it but the vibe is interesting.  I'd be more inclined to do take out here.  
The food is very expensive for what it is..you'll easily spend $14 on a fairly "blah" burger and overcooked fries.  Maybe I should have gone for the lamb burger...maybe another time, in the far isatnt future.Don't go here. They don't want your business.  This places gives terrible customer service and they don't give a damn.  If I thought there was a manager who cared, I would call and report their staff myself. As you can read from many of the posts before mine, no one here cares.  
My fiance' and I arrived at this location today (June 25, 2014) at about 3:00.  When we walked in there were two women carrying on a conversation together. I believe they were speaking a different language.  We stood there for about a minute reading the menu, and neither one of them looked in our direction. They just continued talking.  Finally, I looked at them (because it was obvious they had no intention of seeing us) and said hi. Neither one responded.  My fiance' and I exchanged glances and then he asked,"Are you closed or something?"  They acted like they didn't hear him, so I repeated,"Are you guys closed?"  One girl answered no, but acted like it was painful to speak to us.
At this point, my fiance' started heading for the door.  We had experienced this same level of weirdness at the restaurant's South Street location, so I knew he wanted no parts of this place.  I guess I thought things might have changed. Stupid me--I kept trying to give them a chance. I said,"So.... where should we sit? Can you show us to a table?"  The lady shrugged her shoulders and mumbled,"You can sit whereever you want- it's a free country."   I turned to look for my fiance', but he had walked out of the restaurant. Clearly- he had had enough.
I turned back to the women and said,"You guys just lost two customers. When customers come into a restaurant, they expect to be greeted and shown to a table.  Neither one of you spoke or even got out of your seat when we came in. You need to work on your customer service skills." They had the nerve to laugh at me.  
I REALLY hope the owner of this restaurant reads my review.  This is the second time I've been to one of their restaurants and although the food was good, service was awful.  We will not be returning, and judging from the other reviews, neither will a lot of other people.When I read all of the reviews for this place I was horrified.  I was really surprised when my roommate said how much she liked the place.  So tonight we went to check it out.  I was pretty nervous since I hadn't read many good things.  
The person who took our order was friendly.  He had to double check with us quite frequently about everything we ordered but our order was correct.  Between us we got a shwarma wrap a gringo burger and the spicy fries.  The burger was cooked to order and was delicious as was the shwarma.  The fries came out later than the entrees but were fresh and also very good.  The chipotle sauce was nice & spicy.  The sodas are cans.  
They were having trouble making change with cash orders and I had to repeat myself more times than I would like but our waiter who was also our cook was friendly and gave us what we asked for.  The food was good and I would go there again.  
Please give this place a shot and make your own decision as I really don't agree with most of these other reviews.Cold burger bun, cold service. The burger was fine, the toppings were fine, but there are sooo many places to get a good burger that you just can't get away with not toasting your buns and not offering friendly service. Look elsewhere for a good burger.Yes, it is expensive.  But the shawarma platter with Israeli salad and fries was huge and delicious.  I have celiac's, and the lady behind the counter was super nice answering my endless string of questions about ingredients and preparation.  I had a lovely experience.  They aren't obsequious or even quite friendly, but I don't need to be best friends with the people who prepare my food!
If you are craving shoestring french fries, and plenty of them, which are gluten free, I highly recommend this place.  If you don't want to pay the steep price of a platter, they offer the burgers with a lettuce wrap.
And a note for the previous reviewer who was complaining about the lack of cheese: this is a kosher restaurant.  Which serves meat.  You're not going to get dairy here, and really you won't miss it!
The hummus looked amazing, but since it was served with pita I didn't try any of my friend's.No fuss kosher burgers in Center City...? I'm in.
I got the beef burger on a bun (who would get lettuce wrap?!?) with lettuce and tomato... and man it's good. The burger was definitely a little small compared to the bun, and in general actually, but my bun tasted fresh. The tomato was fresh, but I would prefer a leaf of lettuce instead of cut up lettuce-- am I allowed to be that picky?
Oh wait-- they have garlic mayo. Like burgers bar in Israel. OMG. I hate mayo, but garlic mayo has been on my mind since leaving ben yehuda street... 
I'll definitely be back here. It's almost too convenient for my kosher burger fix.The only thing holding me back from a 5th star is that they did not have the lamb burger in stock and the fries were squishy Israeli style "chips." I realize my commentary on the fries is a subjective bias for crispity crunchy belgian style fries...so forgive me if I've offended anyone.
Otherwise, I was able to see beyond this restaurant's horrendous color scheme (highlighter green and orange mixed with brown), the terrible branding (.org is and should be used at the end of a website!!), and the xerox copy menus. 
The bottom line is that for a very affordable price, I ate the best burger I have ever consumed...and it was by accident! I ordered a regular burger, but they gave me the egg on a burger special. Who would ever have thought to put an egg on a burger?
Let me tell you, this was a magical combination. The burger was perfect, the bun was actually very very high-quality, and everything just seemed to work together magically. I don't know how else to describe it other than that this burger seemed blessed with the secret sauce. I would come back any day of the week for this burger...and when they get their act together to have the lamb option on a consistent basis, this review will get a final fifth star.Tried the fish burger, and waited a long time to get it.  I was really excited when they told me it was tilapia, but it was a super tiny piece of thin fish.  It was a little fishy tasting, and I skipped the bun because otherwise I would have just been eating bread with a topping of fish.  The owner noticed I didn't eat the bread and let me know that I could get it wrapped in lettuce, and I let him know I didn't eat it because there wasn't enough fish.  He offered to make me another one, but I didn't take him up on it.  So points for customer service, but it really was a pathetic fish burger.  Tried the spicy fries as well, and they were okay, but wouldn't go out of my way to order them again.  Stick to the beef burger.Weird set up, less than stellar service and my burger bun was not house made. Having previously dined and the now closed location on south I envisioned getting the same awesome brioche bun for my fish "burger" . Instead I got sesame seed mayhem and a uber small  piece of fish ( though flavored nicely and fried perfect) the bun sandwich was not worth the almost 8 price tag luckily they take level up and I got a dollar off. I won't be going backAwesome burger place! I had a nicely seasoned Turkey burger on a lettuce wrap.  Cannot wait to try out the entire menu.Burger.org....kosher organic food walking distance to my office. I never thought it would happen. Very few tables and some counter space...but the food is really really good. I've ordered and picked up for lunch a bunch of times already. My co-workers love the food too..so we're ordering frequently. I get the grilled fish burger or the chicken schwarma...but everything is yummy.Here's my take on burger.org. The good news is that the quality of the meat in the burger is very good.  The not as good news is that you definitely pay a lot for that quality for basically a fast food setup..
Now we get to the service/attitude/ambience issues.  The service can be brusque.  I don't particularly like that.  Having never been there before, I walked in a side door and sat at the counter and started to look at the wall menu.  I was quickly informed that I came in the wrong door and I needed to come to the register to order.  I go to the register and try to look at the fairly large menu without taking too much time as the guy was giving out impatient vibes from the moment he first addressed me (I wish I had a stop watch to record the time to the "Are you ready?"question - I'm guessing less than 20 seconds and with no one in line  behind me!).  I decided on a lamb burger (they didn't have it - nice to tell me ahead of time while I'm trying to decide). Quickly switched to a beef burger.  Asked if anything comes with it in response to the question of  "what else do I want with it."  Got the not overly friendly response - "It says it up there - lettuce, tomato, onion, pickel."  Dude, I didn't have time to read every detail on the board.  By the time you say "It says it up there", you could have said "lettuce and tomato."
I don't care if it's Israeli owned, Egyptian owned, Paraguayan or Laotian owned. When you open a business to make money in this country, the customer expects some degree of friendliness and not have the service basied on where you were born and raised.  Hey in Israel people don't tip much, here they do. There are differences and you adjust a little bit to the culture you're operating in. (No I don't need my hand held or know what cow the meat came from .... as one reviewer was stating in response to other reviewers' complaints on the attitude at Burger.org.  Give me a break.)  
Anyway the service didn't matter much in the scope of my day or ruin anything as I attended a really great concert later on and had some good beers afterwards with friends.  But would I go to Burger.org again.  Nah. I don't have kosher requirements so there are enough other burger places in the vicinity where I just like the burger and the vibes more. If I'm with someone who keeps kosher and wants to go there, at least now I know what door to enter and what comes with a burger!I am a fan of the other Burger.org, so I freaked out when I heard one was opening up in Rittenhouse. The space is totally different - it's small, more of a take-out or quick bite place, but the food is exactly the same, yummy burgers (I like the El Mariachi one best) and the fries, which are probably the best thing on the menu (I'm a sucker for fries). The burgers are a little small, but I was definitely full when I went for dinner my first time going. One important note: the owners are Israeli (as am I), so I'm guessing that a normal non-Israeli would think that the service wasn't great... so just to put it in context, Israelis are all about getting down to business, no BS, no small talk... so service will always be as such. Consider it a cultural experience and enjoy.People have been placing really harsh reviews for this place. 
Let me start by saying that the service is not the fastest, but the people are nice. I think this place is going for more of a sit-down burger place than a fast food burger place. They have yet to really identify themselves though. 
The steak sandwich is their best sandwich in my opinion. If you're looking for a burger go for the pastrami burger (comes with a fried egg). It won't let you down. 
The food is more expensive because it is a kosher establishment, meaning they have to pay another person to make sure their procedures are strictly kosher. 
I think people are being pretty harsh on this place. The food is good and the service is okay. Its not going to be amazing so I wouldn't have a business meeting there but its good for a casual meal. 
Enjoy!AVOID AT ALL COSTS.  I have never eaten so badly in my life.  I ordered the Gringo burger and asked for it rare.  It was burned on the outside and raw and cold inside.  I told the lady cooking the burger about it, and she started arguing with me and told me that I did not know what a rare burger was like (I have worked in the non-kosher food industry for 15 years).  She then cooked my burger again and burned it, along with the egg- the whole thing was practically black.  Since she obviously did not know how to cook, I tasted the burger-big mistake. One of the worst dishes that I've tasted in my life, and service to accompany it and equal it.The burgers here are decent, but they taste like home style BBQ. If I can do it myself with a grill, I don't like to pay a 300% mark up for it. For $10 for a burger without fries, you can kiss my ___!
Also, the lady was a little confused with the seamless order. She wasn't aware that seamless is a pre-pay system.
Food Quality/Taste =  3/5 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 2/5 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 2 StarsThe place is a joint, with a counter and two-three tables crowded in.
Pretty bad service: no utensils provided with the food until we asked and then they were given to us by someone holding them by the part that goes into the mouth! 
The fish "burger" was a slice of cooked fish (adequately tasty) on an uncooked regular white bread bun. My two partners liked their foods: lamb burger, fries, and Israeli salad (which I also liked).
Kosher, and probably motivated by the frequent kosher-place motto: "Be glad we';re here." (I.e., "You have few choices if you keep kosher.)"
Will probably return to Phila, but not here.When the likes of stellar restaurants like Chifa and the Union Trust go out of business, but yet a place like this sticks around forever, I start to think that perhaps I missed something or they just had a bad day. Nope. 
I ordered the Gringo Burger and sweet potato fries. The burger, once again tasted like a home style BBQ, because they use commercially mass produced burger patties and buns. Ya know, like the ones you can get at a super-market. The bun was falling apart, the middle of the patty looked half frozen and to top it off, the fries were a soggy mess. 
And ya think with a dot org in your name you would at least have a working website?I walked in the store at lunchtime. I looked at the floor. It was disgustingly dirty. I walked out!Terrible service. It is kosher and they treat you rudely if you bring in coffee with milk. You can get around this rule by putting your coffee in a bag. There is a Starbucks 50 feet away. Of course people are going to wonder in with coffee. Put a sign up. Ask people nicely. The food is terrible, service atrocious. And, all tips are turned over to the owner!!!  If you must eat there, don't bother tipping. 1star? How about 0 stars....Horrible!!!!It's strange. I went to a place called burger.org to get a cheeseburger. Now, while that may seem crazy to many people I'd argue it was pretty reasonable. I went to burger.org to get a tasty, juicy, beefy cheeseburger, possibly with bacon. What did I find? One option on their menu that has beef in the burger. Everything else from turkey to lamb is pretty cool, but burgers usually involve beef for me, and cheese. 
Now at a place called burger.org, what happened when I asked for cheese on my burger? They don't have cheese. Apparently it's a kosher restaurant, which is fine, but 1, make sure I know that it's kosher before I walk in (there aren't signs anywhere) and 2, my god it's a goddam burger shop give me some goddam cheese on my burger.
Their advertised "homemade buns" come from a bag behind the counter, not one person who works there speaks English, the burger was god awful, and the place is filthy inside. This place should have it's own section in hell for defiling the all holy american burger. I was so Unsatisfied with what I ate there I had to go get a second lunch which is absurd. Burger.org is a sham of an eatery and I suggest that no one go there unless of course you like eating crap, then it's the place for you.Most of the food was good, though unlike the other reviewer said the sweet potato fried did not come out or taste so good.   However, the service was probably the worst I ever experienced in over a couple hundred times eating out. To begin with, the tables were dirty, and while they cleaned them, they took everything off of it including the ketchup and mustard we wanted with our fries.  They had three people working there and they were inattentive.  There was no Israeli salad served with our Philly Steak, as it said on the menu and the waitress said there was already Salad (just lettuce, etc.) on the sandwich when we pointed it out.  The bathroom was also out of order and they gave us small Styrofoam cups for warm water that we struggled to get refilled.  
To add insult to the injury they put buckets of water to clean the floor (which may have been needed given the place was not the most clean) as the meal ended.  They complained our restaurant.com coupon was unoriginal but took the discount off anyways and told us to be careful getting out the side door (due to the slippery wet floor) after we walked up to the front and paid our bill.
 Its sad how kosher meat restaurants have such bad service when there are so few options, and the other place Hamifgash also had bad service , though nowhere near as bad this one.   For kosher meat, though not a kosher certified establishment, try Hershel's at Reading Market the food was even better and service was quick and helpful.   I also definitely recommend New Harmony Chinese Restaurant in Chinatown which is certified kosher and vegetarian and has great service.I've been two times. Really slow service both times. The food was good but I was disappointed to get fries that were clearly from the bottom of the basket just a bunch of tiny over cooked pieces of fries. Even when I was ready to leave and pay they were slow with running my order through... it's like they didn't even want my money. I want to go back for a good kosher burger but I'm not prepared to go back and wait 30 minutes for it and fight the crowd. I think the fries should come with the burger as a meal for the price.I could have sworn I already wrote a review, but I guess not.
It just doesn't seem very clean.  There is a sink in the middle of the dining room.  There is no cheese.  There was a child of one of the staff climbing all over behind the counter.  And I know I sound like my mother for saying this, but when you are around food, HAVE YOUR HAIR PULLED BACK.  
I came here with my S.O. to get a burger quickly, decided to try it, and we both just felt nauseous afterwards.  I never threw up, and I'm not claiming anything, it just didn't sit well with either of us. (Which is strange for me because I don't have a super sensitive stomach.) 
I will never, ever return.  Sorry Burger.OrgListen all you whiny babies. This is a kosher burger joint owned by israelis. I'm not sure how many of you have been to Israel, but they are known for security not friendly and punctual service.
You're going to get a great burger. I don't keep kosher, but many of my friends do. My friends are over the moon about this place. A kosher meat establishment near their work and home! 
Again you are going to get a great burger, freshly cut fries ( lettuce too), and amazing sauces/toppings. ( don't expect cheese or bacon). However, don't come here if you only have a half hour for lunch. Don't come here if you want the waiter to hold your hand while you figure out what you want on your burger. Don't come here if you are expecting them to tell you the name of the cow and the farm, this ain't Portland baby. 
Yeah the disorganization and chaos can be a little much if you are verging on low blood sugar and starving, but suck it up and put your big girl panties on. 
You're going to get a great freshly formed patty chargrilled right in front of your eyes with a fresh bun, awesome toppings and you and your friends are going to fight over fries. Hell has your own mother ever made you such a fresh burger?This place is disorganized and rude.  We placed a substantial order for a meeting today and faxed it over an hour ahead of time.  When we called half an hour AFTER the delivery time, we were met with great rudeness and indifference.  We had called to CONFIRM the order at the time it was faxed.  The rude woman on the phone tells us "she is busy".  Well, she will not be ordering anything from them EVER again.
Disgruntled Office  Manager in Philly