"Great decor and ambience. Friendly staff. Overpriced and uninspired food ($10+ single link of housemade sausage, $9 for single slab of pork belly, etc., $300 for what you see on their website)"
Food was good but slightly overpriced and lacking in inspiration.
Sausages were good but lacked fat. They were a bit dry. And remember it's $10+ for a single link of sausage.
Burger tasted very similar to a Big Mac! Which is not a bad thing. Two patties. Very juicy. With toasted white buns. Without any sides. Fairly overpriced.
Pork belly slab was tasty. $9 for a single slab.
The restaurant is actually very big and seating extends way into the fenced back yard! Lovely decoration and design. Very friendly staff.Surprisingly, a place called butcher bar has AMAZING vegetarian options.  The eggplant meatballs are absolutely dope and the cauliflower steak is extremely tasty.  The drinks in the place are awesome especially the win win, gin cocktail that has a jolt of citrus in it as well.  Overall, awesome loud atmosphere, the bar is a fun spot to people watch and the service has been great so far (3rd visit in 4 months)Had a great time at Butcher Bar tonight. Food was flavorful, quickly served, and hearty. We loved the poutine and the Italian meatballs in particular! Prices are reasonable and drinks are great. Cool atmosphere -- theming was on point. Open air front helped us to take advantage of the beautiful weather, and we hear there is a courtyard coming soon. Service was fantastic.. For being open less than a week, already feels like a well oiled machine with a great, courteous, and attentive staff. Billy in particular was great -- friendly, helpful, and wonderful stories. We will certainly be back soon.Went in for lunch, got the duck wings (9/10) sauce was really saucy and good a lot of flavor, duck was flavorful and was fried well. 
Got the Steak, aaaand the problems began. For a $31 steak it was not cooked to order. When it arrived it looked very nice and aesthetically pleasing but the steak was un evenly re-heated. room temp in some places and warm/hot in others. When I told the waiter this they just reheated it under a lamp or something... and the medium rare became over cook.... at that point I just ate it and the sauce from the duck. 
Taste like Chinese food when you have like beef and broccoli, which wasn't actually bad but it was still not really evenly heated..... if you over cook it might as well over cook it all?...
The service was good, our waiter was real nice and personable. 
Sat outside in the summer which is also nice. 
TL:DR if you messed up a $31 lunch steak, you should just re make me one, not re heat it un evenly and over cook it.Really cool and intimate atmosphere with limited seating upstairs and small bar downstairs next to the open kitchen. Drink selection was spot on with the butcher's punch. Paired nicely with the strip steak. The starters were overall pretty good, nothing spectacular. We probably could have had our whole meal on cured meats and sausages. I would get the sloppy joe poutine again, but the monkey bread was not worth a second go around. Strip steak was awesome with a side of nicely sautéed and/or grilled veggies. Will def. be back for more cheese/meat boards and drinks.Great steakhouse without the boners in suits. 
Duck wings A+
Smoked slab A+ 
Ribeye A+Amazing meal and great service. Bone marrow appetizer was delicious and just the right amount. Wild boar ribs were fall off the bone. Bourbon Moscow mule....come on! Can't wait to go back.Ok so the steak and Mac and cheese was delicious (oh the bacon). When the dessert option was highly recommended by the waiter I was sold. I was excited to try the dessert and realized it's was the most expensive option so I told my friend that I'm probably going to get the most expensive one but turns out the menu he had, the price was different (lower) for the same exact dessert. I was the waitstaff if he could explain it and he said no he could not but would charge me the lower price. First: why me, as a woman, was given the more higher priced menu while my male friend had the lower price. And second: why could you not explain the different prices, "hey that menu was old price, your is new" etc. maybe the couple next to us had a different priced menu targeted specifically for them. Who knows. I wouldn't take take a chance and go to this place.Later review:
I had such a great time at brunch this past Sunday and I wanted to rave about it.The employees are amazing and pay great attention to you whether you're there with a group or alone. The bartenders do a great job and make delicious specialty cocktails. I really enjoyed my bacon infused vodka bloody mary and had their classic eggs benedict. I came in for drinks again the following evening and the bartender remembered my face and made me feel very welcomed.Everything we had was great! The pork ribs, duck wings, and octopus entree were all delicious! And the warm chocolate chip cookie hit the spot at the end!If you're planning on catching a show at the Helium Comedy Club, this is a great place for a pre-show meal. Right around the corner from the club, this two-story restaurant is the place to go. The place itself has a really relaxed and a little bit of a rustic feel to it - the homemade beef jerky we ordered was served in a mini mason jar on top of a wood coaster (probably wouldn't order it again because it was $10 but it would be a nice bar snack). There are bar seats, which you can look onto if you're seated upstairs (recommend) and an open kitchen where you can watch the magic happen. We saw an order of the 50oz rib-eye (?) being cooked on the grill and it was beautiful. I definitely recommend ordering the cauliflower and brussels sprouts as an appetizer. The menu itself is mostly tapas style, meant to be shared with a lot of people, emphasizing the very communal feel of the restaurant. However, we both ordered separate entrees and I have to recommend the ribs with the jalapeno corn bread. It could easily be shared between two people but the jalapeno corn bread is the perfect balance between sweet and savory and pairs really well with the ribs.Went with a friend for happy hour/dinner on a Wednesday night and was able to grab one of the last tables. It was quite busy at 5:30. We ordered the smoked Gouda Mac and cheese, Italian meatballs, Parmesan garlic bread, and the house cut fries. Everything was delicious! The Mac was definitely my favorite. The fries came with a special house ketchup that complimented the peppery fries very well. It was a mix between ketchup and maybe a special barbecue sauce? Very good! This is a whiskey bar, but they had lots of great beers on tap and delicious cocktails. I can't seem to remember the name of my beer, but the afterglow cocktail was interesting! I'm not sure that it's for everyone but it's worth a try! Will definitely coming back here.Delicious! We ordered the steak, Brussels sprouts, & egg plant meatballs. Our favorite was the eggplant meatballs! Everything tasted delicious and everyone around us were really pleased with their food. Service was great too!Fun place that served food quickly in small portions and close to our daughters place. Good to try new things. The male liked meat and the Mac n cheese. I liked the salad with grilled peach. Daughter liked sloppy joe French fries. Tried cookie dessert and cider choices too. Very popular this week after opening and doing great on service.I love that they have a smoker, which worked well on the bacon appetizer I had!  But one strip is not worth $9-I've had better with more generous portions.  
Tried their house made jerky, which was ok.  Not much flavor (let alone to justify $10)?  I'm more than happy to pay good money for good food, but it didn't add up at least for the apps.  The servers were great!Butcher Bar... I was here several months ago for a lunch so early that I think me and my guest were the only people in the place. Right off the rip I'll say we didn't have "the cookie" as we were just too full. So what did we have?
The game hen, the fried chicken chicharrones w/ aioli, the Italian meatballs, baked beans, and fries if I remember correctly, and many... plenty of little coffee cups. I had the menus mixed up because at the time they were only offering a meatball sandwich for lunch as opposed to the little griddles. Either way, I wasn't too impressed by the meatballs. The griddle was cool. They did let me swap it in for the sandwich. Literally as the 3 stars suggest... they were just A-OK. Maybe I shouldn't have gotten the traditional Italian? Dining out, I haven't seen a meatball big enough. Not since I was a child. Maybe the big meatballs died out in the 80's.
My guest enjoyed her game hen and I tried some. It was decent, but lacked that UMPH! The herb crust really had nice texture to it. I'm just used to my chicken slammin... flavors jumping off the top rope onto my tongue (a high risk maneuver... like adding more of everything to the chicken). This hen was more like a wink and nod or better yet the wink and the gun. The flavor said "no, we'll call you." I'm just taking some jabs at the hen because of the price, but it was alright.
Did the fries, or the beans, or even the chicken chicharrones save the meal? No. But they kept the peace. More or less it's all comfort food and if it did nothing else, it did make me feel comfortable. The chicharrones (read: chicken skins) were probably the highlight. I can't argue with that. Otherwise, the ambiance was cool as was the upstairs window side view on a crisp March noon. We enjoyed ourselves and our area filled in with a small lunch crowd by the time we were done.
If I come back, I'm just getting alcohol and a cookie. Definitely not beans. Definitely not.The Butcher Bar was a revelation and the best meal we ate in Philadelphia. We had the sloppy joe poutine which was pretty much the best thing ever. Lots of flavor, a huge portion too (not really a starter as it says on the menu... more of a shared side dish). 
I had the octopus and oh my. The flavors just marry together so wonderfully, there was no way it could have been improved. Everything was perfect. OK I wish it had been bigger - it's a small dish and served on a tiny plate - but when it tastes this good, not gonna complain. Octopus is tender as... 
Garlic bread on the side was superb. Tempted to say the best I've ever had, barring my husband's of course. 
Speaking of whom, he had the rigatoni which he said was plenty flavorful and a real break from the norm. 
Our waitress was a little hyper for our tastes, rather obnoxious to be so over-the-top with everyone. We found her rather annoying and in-your-face, but no issues or anything with the order. Just please, calm down dear. 
I would LOVE to return here if I'm ever back in Philly! Top marks!Loveweee their sloppy joe poutine!!! butcher punch is always good and sitting at the bar is the best!I am obsessed. My husband and friend  love places like Fogo de Chao, Chima, etc  while the "girls" are like to eat more healthy :) We were suggested Butcher Bar --lean meat, amazing tapas. Ok, give it a try! It was pretty meat-heavy on the menu. Baked beans, amazing bacon, meatballs, sausages, iceberg wedge saiad even had bacon, and home-made beef jerky. But very lean, not greasy, super high quality. It looks like from the reviews I am that they are more diverse now since we went two weeks-one month after they opened. HOWEVER, the whole place had this wonderful, smoky feel that was not too overpowering and the cookie dessert falls in the category of "I can't" but sure I could.  There's some sort of $250 meat extravaganza (like for six people) you have to order the night before that would be awesome for a bachelor party or girl's night out which we might do next time we go. Yay. Great addition to the neighborhood!Service was outstanding, the bar menu thorough, the food yes and no...
Small plates are the play here (though there are main plates too) and sharing is caring. We had ten things between us and most hit the mark: the bacon (you had me at slab), Brussels and cauliflower, wedge salad, stuffed mushrooms, the meatballs, the sausages. Disappointingly, the ribs were tough though they did fall off the bone and the steak was tough too. The Mac and cheese was bland, the Gouda didn't work well as prepared. 
The music was good songs, too bad the Pandora kept going in and out. It's lively and smells great... it could hit it out of the park if the food was as good as the service.Our party of seven loved the Butcher Bar. Fantastic food coupled with great service.
For appetizers we enjoyed the cauliflower/asparagus, duck wings and the sloppy joe poutine fries.  All delicious!
Five of us loved the wild boar ribs w/ corn bread. Every bite was as delicious as the first. Seriously!  The corn bread-Amazing.
Other main courses were the halibut and the rib eye.  We also shared the octopus dish with the table. Very, very good. It reminded me of octopus that is served on the north coast of Spain.
Excellent beer and wine list. As well as an extensive spirit list. Our server was "Larry". She did an excellent job and was fun to interact with.
I'll be back next time I'm in Philly.Amazing service and the manager was walking around (not hovering) ensuring everyone was pleased with the experience.  The ribs and burger were phenomenal.  I know you are going to think you don't want dessert...but please reconsider!  The chocolate chip cookie is absolutely amazing.  
The ribs had an insane amount of meat on them and had a good ratio of meat to fat (let's be real, ribs need a little bit of fatness!). Over all a great experience and their punch was delicious.  
If you are in Philly and especially staying in Rittenhouse, just do yourself a favor and come to this place.  If I could have rated a 4.5 I definitely would have!Such good food and perfect service. Each dish was overloaded with flavours! I gasped and mm-ed with each dish. The two of us got the cauliflour salad, eggplant meatballs, gouda mac and cheese. The balance of protein, carbs, veggies were perfect with this combo. Hands-down recommended for any vegetarians walking into a place called the "butcher bar". I was warned by fellow Canadians that food in the American east coast would be salty, and it was. So. Salty. (Hence the one star off) But if you are going to go loose on the sodium, do it as well as Butcher Bar. I was drinking water likr a hippo, but also couldn't stop myself from taking another bite. The server was the right amount of friendly, made sure we enjoyed every dish and every interaction with her.Chicken ciccarones. Outstanding.
Rotisserie chicken.  Perfectly seasoned and moist.
Popcorn ice cream.  Close resemblance in flavor. Surprisingly fresh.Went in for the cookie dessert. It's absolutely delicious, but it's a little pricy... $12 for a cookie and a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Also had one of their cocktails, way too sweet and not too much alcohol in there for $14 I think? Prob won't go bAck unless I'm craving for the cookies again.What a great place! Great selection of beers on tap. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Very nice menu selection. My steak was cooked perfectly and the cookie in an iron skillet was the perfect end to a great night. Will definitely be back.This was a pretty awesome eating experience for me and my friends. We got "the trough" which if you have never tried...it's definitely an experience maybe u and your friends/family should try if you ever get the chance. The assortment and variety of deliciously fatty and scrumptious meats with the helping of pita underneath and of course you can add some veggie sides for all your veggie loving friends out there! 2 of my favorite parts of the trough is the fall apart ribs that come on the platter and the delicious thick cut bacon-it's the best bacon I've ever had hands down. Only complaint about this is it probably is not worth the $$ you would pay....say if u were just going to try each of the meats individually off the menu but I would definitely recommend the whole fun eating experience of eating off this huge trough of food with your loved ones:)Chicken and waffle eggs Benedict had me ready to move to philly when I ate it. Their whiskey selection is amazing, several whiskeys from Japan on the list. I can't wait to go back!I'm in a Food Tour of philly hitting a bunch of spots. 
My GF & I had the pleasure of dining at the Butcher Bar. I was browsing yelp, it was close to the hotel & had "Royale with cheese" in the menu. So my inner Jules Winfield was intrigued.
We set out Sunday evening for dinner. We arrived about 15 min before our reservation and we were seated immediately. 
Our server asked if it was our first time & then ran down the whole menu for us. Lots of great options for food & drink.
We ordered :
I had a Boston lager & a Manhattan- classic Manhattan only thing missing was the cherry. 
My GF- GM chilled & The Rum Ocho- very good! 
Duck wings- amazing, the sauce for the wings was great, the duck was juicy and flavorful.
Mac & cheese- it came in a mini cast iron pan and was cheesy and Tasty.
Royale with cheese- one of the best burgers I've ever had. The burger sauce was great.
Sweet potatoes- the sweet potatoes were tasty and 
Flavorful.
Our server was helpful and knowledgeable of the menu. We had a great meal, we were full & will definitely return next time we are in town. 
My next visit I hope to come with friends and get "The Trough" IT MUST BE DONE.
I would highly recommend Butcher Bar for food, cocktails and a cool atmosphere in Philly.We went to have a quick dinner, It was absolutely amazing, the drinks, the food and especially the SERVICE! Our server was so great I can't wait to go visit Philly again just to come back here! I wish I could remember our waitress's name, she was my favorite!
My husband had the Bison Burger  with a Meat Cleaver drink as well as the eye of the tiger. 
I had the double patty burger with fries and Westside of the broad drink.One of the best chicken sandwiches I've had. Not heavily breaded & just the right amount of food. Plus, the spicy margarita was great!My boyfriend and I are visiting in philly, and we decided to check out butcher bar that is a block away from us. Such cute service staff! I love them! They are so nice and friendly, and since we were new to the city, our impression of the newly founded place was such a warm welcoming compared to our usual "too casual" place bar in San francisco for us. John and billy were such sweethearts to us both!So I came here specifically for the Nutella cookie dessert. I realize that sounds silly, but seeing so many people posting photos of it, I had to try it being a dessert lover.  With that being said, I wanted a smaller and less substantial dinner. I ordered the stuffed portabella mushroom caps and they were phenomenal. I ordered this really as an afterthought, wanting somewhat lighter and smaller fare but didn't want a salad so this was really the best option. The cheeses stuffed in this were great, had a bit of bite. Sautéed spinach, tomatoes and onions in there as well, seasoned with olive oil and garlic I believe. Really great, really fresh. 
The cookie was really good. I think I built it up too much for it to be amazing. It wasn't hot, it was slightly warm which was a bummer since it comes out in the cast iron skillet. It very soft and gooey which was wonderful, I would have liked a larger scoop of ice cream with it.  I would order it again. 
There are several items at this restaurant I really want to try, I will definitely be back.Place was packed but based on he reviews and food pics we wanted to check it out. The bartender saw that we were trying to find a place at the bar and she made sure we found a spot... regardless of the pretentious "too cool for school" Silicon Valley millennial that thought he could take up two bar stools because he wanted more space. The bartender was awesome... actually all of them were really nice and the mood in the bar was great. The bourbon drinks we had were well made, the Buffalo Trace Old Fashioned was soooo good. I could go on for a while on how good the food is but I will keep it short. AMAZING! From the sauces to the cheeses to the meatballs and free range bison burger everything we had was delicious. Didn't try the poutine but it looked amazing as well. I got a chance to meet Rob (Go Penncrest Lions, LOL) who went to a rival high school back in the day. All in all a great spot for drinks and dinner. My wife and I highly recommend Butcher Bar.Have had overall good meals during both my visits. I have been for both dinner and brunch. The charcuterie board was our favorite for dinner. I would HIGHLY recommend the skillet cookie with ice cream. So heavenly. They have a massive brunch "board" for 6 people that friends and I plan to try during another visit.This place is very cool. Cool interior and amazing food. I got the duck wings and wild boar ribs. The duck was very flavorful and juicy. The wild boar ribs were AMAZING. Falling off the bone amazing. The service was fast except everyone that worked there was.... weird. Every interaction I had with a server was the most awkward thing ever. I thought it was just the greeter but then the bar tender and waitress were extremely awkward as well. Left a weird sour taste in my mouth. Maybe it's because I'm young but whatever it is I hope you have a better experience.Everything about Butcher Bar screams steakhouse chic. Edison lighting, large bold bar, piled smoke/fire wood, and prime cuts of beef on display from the butcher cutting station. Stopped by for lunch on a weekday and pleasantly found a parking lot right next door. Sat at the bar and meandered through their collection of draft beers. Had the sauteed cauliflower with fried brussels sprouts as an appetizer. Sounds amazing on paper but it was mediocre to the taste. The steak on the lunch menu was pretty delicious. A bit chewy but the chimichurri sauce and the sweet potato fries with an aioli dip was fantastic. Pair that with a friendly, welcoming staff and you have yourself a 4 star establishment!Fried free range chicken sandwich and BLT are great! Must try cauliflower and Brussels appetizer/small plate.- Food did not live up to expectations
- Quality does not justify price
- Food for 8 people came out at different times over an hour timeframe which is not acceptable 
- Requested manager (Christine) twice, had to find her to complain about our experience, only said she's sorry
- Food is mediocre
- So loud you can't hear at your own table
- Only reason we didn't walk out is because our server Trevor was very pleasant and apologetic
*Not worth your time or money
*Trevor get a new job at a better restaurantWe stumbled onto this gem when I was in town for Thanksgiving, looking for a fun place to bring my wife and parents before a show at Helium comedy club (which is literally around the corner). What a lucky find - incredible food, fun atmosphere, and great drinks.
We started off with two appetizers- the house made beef jerky and the pretzel monkey bread. Both were fantastic. The beef jerky is very flavorful and rich, and clearly made on the premises. Be warned, you don't really get that much of it, so be prepared for more of a sample than a true appetizer if you're sharing. I thought the pretzel bread and the sauces (cheese and mustard) were also delicious, and kept eating it throughout the meal.
For main courses, we ordered a mix of small plates/main dishes. The meatball/sausages themselves are standalone, and probably not filling on their own- but pair them with a side and you're getting plenty of food. I had the Yards IPA Spicy Italian sausage, which was tasty, if not a bit boring given the selection (but hey, I enjoyed it). It wasn't very spicy at all, so no worries if you're sensitive. My wife had the Royale with Cheese, which was a well done take on a burger, and quite filling. My father ordered the smoked wild boar ribs, which were fantastic, and melted off the bone (these were advertised as spicy as well, but were totally fine). I can't remember what my mother had, but we shared a series of sides/small plates as well. I remember all of them being good, but the clear standout here was here were the candied sweet potatoes, which were outstanding. Overall, the food was outstanding. 
We had a variety of drinks, and suffice to say if you're a craft beer fan, you're in luck- this goes beyond the big name local breweries and really gets in the weeds (at least it seemed that way to an out of towner). The cocktails also seemed good and those who ordered them were satisfied, though I didn't try one. 
The atmosphere is trendy, but not obnoxious. The staff are quirky, but highly knowledgable, friendly, and extremely helpful. Our waitress was great and made fantastic recommendations throughout the meal. The place is small, so I would highly advise reservations. We went there and it was relatively empty, but this was also 1) a holiday weekend, and 2) when the place was open 6 weeks with a handful of reviews- it seems like its really blowing up (rightfully so). From a price standpoint, its totally reasonable- we spent a good amount of money, but we also ordered a lot of dishes and drinks. 
Overall, this was a great find. We had a fantastic night and between the staff, food, and the atmosphere. From my parents, most of my Philadelphia food experience are old time Italian places buried in between row homes, but I love coming back to find that Philly has places like Butcher Bar coming onto the scene. I would recommend it to anyone looking for good food in a laid back atmosphere, and can't wait to come back.The Butcher Bar is a great restaurant for celebrating a special occasion. The General Manager went out of his way to help me build out an appetizer and a round of cocktails for my party - all ready when we arrived at our table. The staff was super  friendly and well trained on cocktails and the menu. For the amount of food that the table shared along with drinks, the price was well worth it.  The noise level in the back area was not too loud - everyone could talk and enjoy the conversation. I would highly recommend this restaurant.Holy meatballs, Batman! Love the meatballs here and they somehow found a way to make Brussel sprouts taste good. Monkey bread and ribs are also can't miss parts of the menu.Love this new addition to the Philly restaurant scene! We stopped by for drinks before dinner and had a great time. Excellent drinks, loved every one we ordered from the cocktail selection. Plus, there were a decent amount of vegetarian food options - which was a pleasant surprise! The hipster (veggie) meatballs came as 3 in a small iron skillet and were delicious. I also couldn't help but admire the mouthwatering display of candied yams and chocolate chip cookies (with nutella) near the kitchen. Although I didn't get to explore the menu this time, I'm definitely coming back for dinner and dessert. And more drinks. 
The dining area is large with tables upstairs and in the back room. The bar area got pretty packed by the time we left at 7:30pm but we were very lucky to find seating for three at 6.Definitely not bad, but wouldn't rank it nearly as high as the consensus seems to be. Got the burger and fries, wasn't very impressed with either. Could definitely find something better cheaper nearby. Don't regret trying it out, but there are better options!Had a fantastic meal here, ordering 1) Italian meatballs; 2) one of the sausages with sauerkraut; 3) duck wings; 4) the royale with cheese; and 5) boar ribs. All the meats were prepared really well, but the burger was my favorite.
Our waitress, Sarah, was the best! Super attentive and kind throughout the meal.The hostess yesterday was AWFUL and RUDE. But our waitress, Karen, was awesome! My fiancée and I had lunch yesterday and the food was good! We started with the pretzel monkey bread which Karen recommended and it was phenomenal! We also ordered the Mac and cheese, Italian meatballs and the double burger. Everything was awesome...except the burger. It wasn't bad, just expecting a really great burger from a place that prides themselves on the meat selections. We would totally come back again for the waitstaff service and fun menu selections!Solid dinner choice in the Rittenhouse Square area. 
It was quite warm, so we ate on the lighter side with a starter and a side each rather than a full meal. My Italian Meatballs were good sized and tasty, but could have been a touch more tender. The roasted spring beets as a side were excellent, but the sautéed greens were a touch bitter for my personal taste. I didn't try my brother's Weisswurst, but he polished it off happily, so I assume it was fine as well. Overall a good meal, and with a god beer list and friendly service to boot.Great atmosphere and service. Feels refreshing to be there especially on the back patio. 
The issue is the food! It was very boring and maybe even bland. Meatballs were the featured item and didn't have much punch to them. Would come back for atmosphere but I was underwhelmed by the food.This is a new joint, we went here on Tuesday night for a team dinner.  The steak is best I have had in Philly and my colleagues agreed.  The cocktails and the apps were outstanding as well.  The only negative is the wine collection - they only have 3 whites and 3 reds but If want a good steak head on overJust went back again with family from out of town. Yes, three stars are about right. Good to great flavor with tapas style portion sizes, but not really a meal.  A little pricey, but not too bad since most of the food was very good.  A few bland items, but then again, it's a lot more a whiskey bar than a full restaurant.The restaurant had the look and menu of being really great but everything we got was just OK. I got the sausage hotdog and for awhile all I could taste was the sausage (perhaps some people prefer this) but it took awhile to taste the onions and other ingredients. Also I ordered a drink (it had earl grey in it) and it was terrible. Very watered down.This place is next level. Yes it's expensive, but I'd say it's worth it. I've never seen such an amazing variety of meet options. 
We had duck wings and boar ribs, two things I never even thought about eating and they were phenomenal. 
Even their veggies were great. My girlfriend ordered the cauliflower and Brussels sprout appetizer and I normally do not fw cauliflower but the way they sautéed it really worked and was a nice break from the meat. 
Finally the drinks were great. They know what they are doing. They have a fancy cocktail list but they still nail the classics. I had a wonderful sazerac, took me right back to NOLA.We had a great time at Butcher Bar. I've heard whispers that they've got a mean burger here that goes by the name of " The Royale with Cheese" and have been meaning to check it out ever since. Got to the restaurant with 6:15pm restaurant reservations for 4 but ended up checking out their happy hour. We were able to push back the reservation twice without difficulty. The happy hour Includes drinks (cocktails, beer and wine) along with many of their regular menu items priced lower. Once we finally sat down at our table we ordered the butcher board, totales with cheese and the bucatini/creamy pasta. All were absolutely delicious. The board is humongous and quite he undertaking even for 4 people. The royale with cheese lived up to its reputation but I'm still hesitant to dub it king as its expensive and doesn't come with fries. They charged 6 bucks for the smallest side of cold, soggy fries! That to me is simply ridiculous and is one thing this restaurant needs to change. Either make it a serving for the table to share or lower the cost of the fries. Work on their quality too. The burger itself was basically an exceptionally well done and meatier version of the Big Mac. Definitely worth a visit! I'll likely return for happy hour but take my burger business to places like Guppy's, Royal Tavern, Good Dog or Rex.Nice bar! The bartender was very friendly and had a lot of tricks, he could peel and skin limes in a cool way. We tried the half caraffe of some red wine which was nice. The garlic bread was probably the most amazing I ever had! Too good!Really great lunch menu. Great cocktails. Good selection of beer. Good if you're planning a lunch/dinner with a picky eater. Staff is friendly. Haven't eaten anything I didn't like yet.I can't wait to return here for actual dinner instead of after-work drinks/apps.  I'm a little disappointed our server didn't make any mention of the happy hour specials (nor were there any menus/sheets on the table about it), but honestly, it was a blessing in disguise because I discovered a new drink that I absolutely love which our server recommended for me.  
She was super knowledgeable of their expansive whiskey offerings, which was a nice plus.  I ended up ordering their "New York Sour," which was essentially a fresh made whiskey sour with a dash of red wine (fresh, strong, perfectly crafted, and no fake sour mixes).  Two of these and I was adequately buzzed.  I think they were like $15 a piece, which yes is pricey for a cocktail, but DAMN worth it.  These bartenders know what they're doing.  If you're a whiskey lover, or just appreciate a well-made cocktail, this is your place.
Anyway, their menu is nice and varied, with tapas style appetizers/small plates, charcuterie, and obviously a great meat entree section with a nice selection of different chops/cuts.  I was just looking for something small, so opted for their duck confit wings, which were, to put it simply, fantastic.  Succulent, crispy, tender and smothered in a wonderful asian style barbecue sauce and scallions. SO good.  My friend's crispy cauliflower/brussel sprouts dish was also very tasty.  The tapas are obviously on the smaller side, but adequate enough portions if you want to be comfortably full.
For 4 New York Sours and 2 appetizers, it came to about $75, which is on the high end.  But honestly worth it in my opinion.  I will 100% return back and try one of their steaks, etc., and definitely another great cocktail.
P.S. - There's a deceiving amount of seating in the place and their back outdoor seating area is adorable.Very good food! My friends and I are definitely going back. This is not a quiet, romantic place. Loud, fun atmosphere.For a place called Butcher Bar, would have expected more steak-type entrees beyond a rib eye and a generic steak/frites.  Ambience is nice - the back patio is lovely, especially in summer.  Food is a mixed bag.  Steak was overcooked for both of us who ordered it medium.  Octopus entrée was disappointingly oily and covered in a cream-based sauce that unfortunately masked the taste of the octopus itself.  Butcher Board appetizer (meats and cheeses) was....interesting.  Server who delivered it to our table didn't seem confident as to what the meats were. And, as we were leaving, we saw other Butcher Boards coming out of the kitchen garnished with generous amounts of fresh fruit (strawberries, grapes, etc.) and none of those were included on our version.  Jalepeno cornbread arrived drenched with honey which was a bummer as we expected it to be a savory appetizer.  Finally, roasted beet side dish arrived with a cheese/cream based sauce that again masked the taste of the beets.  We probably won't be back.Really loved our visit here. Originally we wanted to make reservations elsewhere, but decided that since we never tried this place, we'd give it a shot. After all, our friend was moving away and we wanted to celebrate her new adventure somewhere special and edgy. 
We ordered the Rigatoni, the Royale, the Hipster Meatballs, gouda mac n cheese, and monkeybread pretzel. Overall, each dish was delicious and well proportioned. Between the three of us, there were no leftovers. 
Service was friendly and attentive. It was a busy night so the food arrived a little late, but boy do they have a generous selection of beer on and off tap. Plenty of other drinks to choose from too. We sat upstairs, and despite the close proximity to the bathroom, we felt cozy in our corner. 
Only thing was that it was really loud. Could not hear my friends over the music and other raised voices around us as the tables are a little close. It is a small bar restaurant, so no surprise there. Would've been nicer if the volume was dialed down a bit.
Satisfied overall. Wouldn't say no to revisiting again some other time.Stumbled in while on a couples trip to Philly. Truly awesome place. Had the Fish of the day, which was crab cake with black bean/corn salsa and jalapeno cream puree.. delish! 
Would definitely go back when in town!Food, drinks and service absolutely perfect. Can't wait to come back during my next trip to philly.My experience at Butcher Bar was divine.
We had a rez on Saturday night and the place was packed. We were seated promptly. Their cocktails didn't strike my fancy but their draft beer list was colorful and expansive so I ordered off of there. 
Onto the FOOD! The PRETZEL monkeybread was probably our least remarkable dish. If you're a Philly pretzel purist, don't order this dish as the butter coating makes it reminiscent of an Auntie Anne's pretzel (which I actually don't mind). 
We moved on the TURDUCKEN sausage with cornbread. I honestly wasn't sure exactly what to expect, but what I received was a dish unlike any other sausage dish I have ever had. It was meaty, salty, sweet, and mixed many different textures. It was absolutely amazing! We then moved onto the HEN entree which was moist, flavorful, and perfect. We had no room for the famous cookie skillet, but it'll have to be sampled next time. 
I would return and eat the same 3 dishes and leave happy. Will be back soon!Great food! Great service! And great ambiance! We're visiting from NYC, sight seeing for the day. We ordered family style, a bunch of small dishes and the rib eye steak entree to share amongst 6 people.  The rice krispy ice cream was amazing and the skillet cookie was to die for . And they were so incredibly sweet they gave us donut ice cream on the house! Our server Ryan was awesome! Thank you Ryan!Writing this review after visiting twice since their opening..
On my first visit, my fiancé and I stopped in spur of the moment for dinner on a Friday night because it had just opened right around the corner from our apartment and we were excited to check it out.  The restaurant was really busy, but we put our name in and went elsewhere for a drink.. 30 minutes later we got a text that our table was ready- the hostess seated us right away. We shared the wedge salad, seafood sausage, mac and cheese, cauliflower steak, and cookie for dessert.  All were very good and nicely presented, however the cauliflower (which is listed as a starter) came out at the very end of our meal which was pretty odd.  We also each had whiskey cocktails which were just right. The cookie was definitely great for sharing and totally satisfying for a sweet tooth. Overall, we both really enjoyed this visit and everything looked and tasted great.  
For my second visit, my parents were coming to the city for dinner, so I suggested Butcher Bar and made a reservation to ensure we would not have to wait.  We were seated promptly and got to chatting, however after about 15 minutes (still with no water or drink order) by dad stopped and said to me "so, does anyone work here?"  We flagged the nearest server, she was super friendly and apologetic and took our drink order right away (even though she was not our 'assigned' server).  Apparently there was a miscommunication and our server did not know she had to pick up our table. When she finally did come over, she was very nice (as was the manager) and they even offered us our first drinks on the house.  However, my main complaint here has to do with the inconsistency in the food and service. It just wasn't as good as I had remembered from my first visit (which was only a little over a week prior). The pretzel monkey bread was tasty, but a very small portion for $8.  They no longer have fire roasted carrots on the menu (which was disappointing), instead they offer candied yams which are not a great replacement in my opinion.  We ordered the seafood sausage again, which came out smaller and cut into fewer pieces than I remembered, but still very good. And (again), the cauliflower came out after all of the other dishes. The presentation and taste left a lot to be desired (very little bit of brussel sprouts sprinkled on top, cauliflower too hard and difficult to cut, as opposed to the first time I visited which was delicious and why I ordered again).  The saving grace of this meal were the sour cream and onion chicken wings (so good!) and the greek meatballs.  
I was so impressed with both the food and the service the first time around, but this time I left feeling "meh" and I don't think I'll be rushing back. Seems like they need to work on getting both their kitchen and front of house staff more in sync.So glad we happened upon this place - it's awesome. We ordered a few random small plates and sides - all were excellent, especially the Italian meatballs. Next time hoping to try their larger dishes. Be sure to get a cocktail as well. One word of warning you might be able to discern from the name: probably not a great choice for hungry vegetarians.My boyfriend and I went last weekend and sat at the bar, no wait at all. It was cold and windy that day. Good thing we made a reservation for this Saturday because there was a huge line before our reservation. I got the meatball sandwich the first time and it was so great! I got the sausage sandwich the second time and it was too spicy for me. We split the mac and cheese is so good. Got the pouting too and that was amazing! Good to get with the Mac and add in some of the meat to the mac! My boyfriend got a chicken sandwich yesterday it looked really good, he got the burger the first time and he loved it. Our friend got the lamb meatball gyro and that was so good! I'll get that next time. I had the afterglow cocktail too and it was like a strong lemonade. So yummy! We finished with the cookie and man it was so good, warm, gooy, goodness! And the ice cream on the side is the real deal!Walk in, get smacked in the face with some of the best smells I've ever come across. A few meatballs, a slab of bacon or two, and maybe four or five cocktails later, I ordered myself the ribeye. Salty and perfectly cooked (Pittsburgh rare for me), paired with the little onions and some grilled corn, I could die.  This is one of the many, many reasons I love Philadelphia.Stopped here for a quick dinner. Started with the bone marrow- our first time trying it. I have to admit that the toasted herbed bread crumbs that topped the dish gave it a great flavor. Overall, I'm glad I tried something new. We then decided to try a few other small plates. The Korean bbq ribs were flavored well though a little fatty, but the coleslaw was nothing special. I can't help it- despite popular trends, I'm of that school that believes that chicken, in any form, shouldn't be pink, the boudin chicken sausage was flavorful but just a tad undercooked, the German potato salad that it was served with was underwhelming. We also had their version of a wedge. The presentation was lovely and the roasted peppers added a nice flavor. It may be worth another trip to try out some of the meats that they specialize in, but with so many choices in Philly, maybe not.WOW!!! Butcher Bar BLEW ME AWAY! I had the most wonderful experience here last month on a Friday night. I will definitely be back many times to come! If I could give it 10 stars I would. We were seated upstairs where it was quieter and more intimate. Nice decor and clean too.
First of all, our server Sarah was PHENOMENAL! She was extremely knowledgeable about the drinks, food, and everything else. She recommended a fabulous cocktail for me (the Afterglow) based on what drinks and alcohols I told her I liked.  I myself am a bartender and I have never had a better drink. Tart, but a little sweet, with a nice lemon flavor. She was very friendly and made us feel like close friends.
Our group of three ordered the Sour Cream and Onion chicken wings. They were crunchy, flavorful, and went fast! I ordered one of the delectable specials of the night: NY Strip steak with spinach, a mushroom reduction sauce, and mashed potatoes. Yum yum yum! It was full of flavor and very filling. My friends ordered the Italian meatballs and the Wild Smoked Boar ribs. Both were delicious according to my friends with hearty portions. I tried the cornbread that came with the ribs and my taste buds are still singing! 
For dessert we ordered their cast iron skillet chocolate chip cookie with ice cream. It was warm and tasted like grandma's house.
Overall, I had an incredible experience. The service, food, drinks, and atmosphere were all top notch. We made friends with our fellow diners and had a very warm experience unlike any I've had before. 
Do not miss this amazing new restaurant, Philadelphia! Butcher Bar, I will be back soon!I've been here around 3-4 times in the past 6 days (it's down the block from my place of work) so you could say I am completely obsessed with this place. Amazing whiskey selection, friendly staff, THE BEST BACON YOU'LL EVER EAT IN THE HISTORY OF THE HUMAN RACE, and #bomb Mac and Cheese. I have yet to order something that I wasn't completely satisfied with (though I highly doubt they could disappoint me here). It's safe to say I'm going to be a regular.Super yummy lunch on a Saturday - the food was like a warm hug on a rainy day! Extra bonus points for being so accommodating to our 1 year old daughter. Servers were friendly and attentive and the food was delicious! We had the steak, pasta and burger as well as the cauliflower and poutine appetizers. Do NOT skip the delicious chocolate chip cookie skillet! Good sized portions and very reasonably priced. Bar and cocktails looked great as well.My family and I were in Philly for the day, and we walked past this cute restaurant. It was a Saturday and most of the indoor tables were already reserved, but the hostess offered for us to sit on the patio. It was warm out but it had a roof that blocked the sun, and there were fans to cool us down a little bit. 
The waitress asked if it was our first time there and after we said it was, she patiently explained the menu. This place advertises itself as a place with comfort foods and for meat lovers. There were a lot of sharing options, so we ordered a lot to try a little bit of everything. 
My favorite were the smoked boar ribs because it was tender and the meat fell right off the bone. This paired so well with the corn bread on the plate, which was also tasty on its on. Because the meat fell right off the rib bones, it was a great dish to share.After a write up in local magazine I decided to try this place out.  
Tried the chicken wings, the octopus & bone in ribeye. 
The wings were tasty but the accompanying pickled celery was deliciously spicy. It was a nice surprise. I had read so much about the octopus- I decide to order it. While it was perfectly cooked, the olives that it came with completely overpowered the dish. There was no way to enjoy the dish which made me so sad. Since the olives  were so small you could really avoid them. 
My husband got the steak. Strangely it was cut from the bone out - so there were these long strips - not sure why you would do this so a good piece of meat. And the grilled vegetables were between the strips. We also ordered the mashed potatoes which came almost when we were done- and they were cold to boot. 
The space is a bit odd- we were sat upstairs and the low ceiling were a bit claustrophobic. Not sure what would happened when the place is packed. Glad we tried it, you should too.Customer service alone is 5 stars. I wanted to send a dessert for an anniversary party and general manager Robert made it possible. We went by email, he even printed my message to them and gave it with the dessert, and sent me back the formal receipt. He mentioned he had to "run downstairs to computer" which made me realize he was putting extra energy to help me make it possible. Nothing short of 5 stars! 10 if I could.Staff were great the spot was nice but i was completely dissapointed with the steak $125 tomahawk i was recently in del friscos and the steak was so tender this steak does not compare and it cost more maybe they have good burgers but i wouldnt order the steak hereIncredible atmosphere with even more impressive food. This is a meat lover's paradise.Exception quality of meat! Great service. Delicious drinks! The meatball was amazing. And the pasta.... my gawdddd! Def planning on going backTo start, the atmosphere here is awesome. It feels like you're in a butcher shop, but it's still in a way very classy. The music selection is cool and easy to eat or drink to. We loved the drink menu, lots of fun options but it wasn't overwhelming. I started with the bacon slab, which was phenomenal. Followed by the short ribs. The short ribs were overdone (which I somewhat understand, or reservation was for 10pm) but I got it with mash potatoes, they were incredible. When the server noticed I didn't eat the ribs he immediately sent the manager over, Rob, who went ABOVE AND BEYOND to make up for it. He took it off or check and comped our dessert. It was really nice to feel like they actually cared if we enjoyed our meal or not. My husband loved the burger and the Mac and cheese he got. The dessert, a cookie skillet with ice cream, was very yummy as well! Great night and a class restaurant. We'll absolutely be back.The food was fantastic and the waiter was super friendly!! only complaint is it's a little loud but still great!We came here on a visit from out of town because Philly has some amazing steakhouses​. The prices were very reasonable for the quality of food given the nearby competitors​. The 32 dollar strip was perfectly seasoned and served with a heaping portion of veggies, the Mexican​ meatballs were also delicious. The waitress we had was friendly enough, though seemed to be having a rough night and had a bit of an attitude at times making my review remain at 4 stars.