A must visit if nearby. Comfortable place great service. Breakfast sandwich was amazing. Like sitting down in your living room.Grabbed a cup this morning after a workout -- caught them just as they were opening I think. But they were still super friendly and served up a great iced coffee. Looking forward to my next visit!Delightful place. Good coffee, good baked goods and sandwiches. Brie and fig honey jam on a croissant - scrumptious. Decor is bright and comfy. Prices are fair. Too bad they're not open a little later each day.Buzz Cafe is a cute spot in the neighborhood to grab a cup of coffee or an early breakfast sandwich. The baristas are super nice and accommodating, and I enjoy small talk with them whenever I stop in.
Their veggie cream cheese is amazing -- they make it in house and it goes great with their bagel selection. I also enjoy their egg & cheese sandwiches, although they are a bit pricey. 
My biggest complaint about Buzz is that it closes at 1 on weekdays and 2 on weekends, so I can only stop by if I'm not working that day.Met a friend here on a particularly euphoric summerlike-spring day in Fishtown. Cheery, outgoing baristas. Decor was great, the place is remarkably nice. I'm happy to have found it. They had the AC going (weirdly I was glad-- it was 83F.) when I walked in, though the upstairs was pretty warm. I'll remember not to go up there when the temp creeps up again. Had a slice of apple cake- BOMB. The owner's wife makes the baked goods herself, I hear. Well she be a dankditty baker, I assure you. Delicious! They have some fruit available for purchase as well, which I always appreciate. Snagged a naner and sat down for a while to study. Free wifi, yay. Didn't have coffee that day, but they've got La Colombe so you know it's thumbs up. Heyo! Buzz Cafe is where it's at.Went in the other morning on a weekday to grab a coffee before an appointment. The barista was so genuinely friendly and the atmosphere was inviting. The coffee was good, too!Nice spot - tons of great space, really friendly staff.  I had the hummus platter - veggies were outstanding. Expanded hours would be great. I'll be back.Very cute cafe with delicious breakfast sandwiches and I really enjoyed my mocha latte. Fair prices and nice people, will be back to continue to support local.Wasn't expecting to find such a good little coffee shop in this nook of Fishtown (Kensington? Where are we?) but I am so down with Buzz Cafe. The coffee is amazing and I am afraid of the baked goods (in a good way). I always get the B.O.A.T. (bacon, onion, avocado, tomato) turkey wrap and it's bangin'. Cures any hangover. Plus the owners/staff are super nice and their kids are precious. Such a chill spot. Be sure to visit.Good coffee, relaxing setting and great music playing this morning.  Very happy to have found a new hangout.This little coffee shop is awesome! The staff is super friendly, there are really cool paintings that the owner did on display, and they're dog friendly. They serve la columbe coffee, and the food is awesome. Definitely check it out if you live in the area!I went back shortly after my first review, and discovered they had massively improved their breakfast situation, and I had simply shown up when their grill wasn't working.
All the good things I mentioned before are still awesome. Their Diablo sandwich is impossible to skip, no matter how much I want to try something else. Their soups are always delicious and homemade. And I stay far, far away when I'm on a diet, because Danielle wins that battle every time with whatever on earth she's made that day.
I live thousands of miles away now, but when I come back to visit 'illadelph, you can bet I'll be back to Buzz.Great coffee shop with plenty of seating. Two guys behind the counter were awesome. We had breakfast sandwiches and the Siriachi sauce was excellent. Latte was OK, not great. Would go again.This is a perfectly cozy, little place to have coffee, read a book, or work on your laptop! The setting is very nice. Service is friendly. I think the biggest thing I like about this place is the extra space upstairs for additional privacy (in the event that downstairs is crowded).Great place to stop in and have a bite to eat. Way better than fast food, but doesn't take that long to get served. Seems to be family run, and quality is consistently good.I've been waiting for a GREAT coffee shop to arrive in West Kenstington for a couple of years and this is IT.   I only wish the hours were expanded. They do a great job with the coffee-it's really consistent.  I've sat for a couple of hours doing work w/o interruption, and that's a real bonus. Other times, I've been able to chat with other locals who also love this spot. 
The other day I was running late from an appointment and JUST made it at 4pm as they were locking up. One of the owners saw me in my car and waved me in for the last cup of the day. Now that's customer service! I wish them the best of luck..Love this place. Staff are friendly, food is awesome. Get my coffee & bagel here on a regular basis.I went there this morning at 9am and they were closed even though their hours say 8-12 on the door. Not sure if they are still operating as a business!I've been here three or four times and have not been disappointed. Everything I've had is very good, from the breakfast sandwiches, to the soup, and the baked goods - yum!!Simple, hip place with decent coffee and light dishes. The coffee isn't magical, but it does the trick if you're in the area. The light dishes are a bit overpriced. It's a nice space with lots of light and character. The people are nice. There is WiFi.A solid go to for a top notch Sausage Egg & Cheese -- make sure you opt for the Aioli as it is a house specialty and is no joke.
Coffee is on point and the space has several nooks and crannies for you to escape into your book, term paper or whatever project you office folk work on.Buzz Cafe is one of those places you cannot adequately describe in a review. While it doesn't seem to be anything special on the outside, it is like no where else on the inside! Take your 1st step into the Buzz and you will definitely forget that you just walked into a neighborhood coffee shop, as the aromas of gourmet coffee (la colombe, I believe) pastries that look too pretty to eat and beautifully baked breads, sucker punch you dead in the face!  By the time you pass the front counter you have the majestic feel of being in an Art Museum/ lounge, with the incredible paintings hanging from the walls and soft jazz playing in the background. The color scheme and decor is so soothing, especially since you can cuddle up in one of their comfy chairs and sip on your latte!  I ordered an Italian Pannini which was perfectly crisped, not too crunchy where the crumbs of the bread ends up all over your shirt ( I hate that),  and a delicious hot cup of coffee! Service was fast, and the staff was super friendly!   Food was fresh, inexpensive and delicious!  This will definitely become one of my lunch stops!  Also the Pannini was so big, that I wrapped half of it to go, and bought it back to the office to share with my puppy Love Sebastian who gave it 4 paws up too!!!!!If you're not coming to Buzz Cafe, I have one question for you: What are you waiting for? Allow me a moment to extoll Buzz's virtues which include but are not limited to:
1. La Colombe Coffee brewed to perfection
2. Le Bus breads
3. Danielle's deelishish baked goods (I mean there are cookies, bread pudding, cakes, cup cakes...the list is endless)
4. Coffee drinks: seriously, they will make anything. Yesterday, I had a chocolate malt latte. It was sinful
5. Music: both canned and live. Sometimes they open late on friday and local bands play upstairs. 
6. Art: this place is visually pleasing. The owner displays his paintings and recently, they held an art show for a local artist who is displaying his work for a month.
7. Sandwiches: They serve both breakfast and lunch options which are only limited by the ingredient choice and your imagination. My current sandwich of choice is cream cheese, turkey, tomato, and cucumber on a multigrain bagel.
8. Salad: Any sandwich can be made into a salad or anything you imagine can be a salad. I'm a big fan of the curry (Thai not Jamaican) chicken salad salad and speaking of the curry chicken salad....
9. The Curry Chicken Salad: I'll admit, I was disappointed because I was expecting a Jamaican curry but I quickly got over it. I mean peanuts, golden raisins, celery, red pepper flakes, and  rotisserie chicken manage to come together wonderfully. It's ambrosia. 
10. The staff rocks: They are cool, laid back, nice, and they love my dog.
Overall, I give this place 5 stars. The food is good, the coffee is great, there is wi-fi and plenty of electrical outlets, parking and people watching (the neighborhood is a hoot). So like I said: What are you waiting for?Perfect place for studying/working or meeting with a group. Plenty of seating including outdoor and upstairs, plenty of power outlets, friendly baristas, good drink & food menu with prices that don't break the bank. Their hot chocolate is especially delicious. I would come here all the time if they were open later.Hidden gem in north Philadelphia. Food is good. Price is right! I love to visit for the art work and the decor. Many pieces are done by students from the high school around the corner. Good spot to get some work done ,read a book & get some good grub.Buzz Cafe has the most delicious bacon, egg & cheese croissant I've had the pleasure of encountering in Philly. Cute neighborhood shop, great food, coffee, service, relaxed/cozy ambience. The hours seem to change sometimes depending on whether it's busy or not. Thank you for operating an awesome cafe.Love this cafe. Something about it just feels like home. Possibly the delicious original sandwich recipes. Or maybe it's the portrait of totoro. None the less it's my favorite cafe in the area. Fresh ingredients and reasonable prices with a homey feel, can't beat it.I am delighted by this place.
When I want to work from a cafe all day, I typically have to go downtown. Now, I can walk 2 blocks, and I have:
- Well-handled La Colombe coffee
- The best homemade bread pudding I've ever had (chocolate & caramel! omg!)
- A decent selection of paninis and tasty baked goods
- Secured wi-fi
- A clean, comfortable atmosphere that doesn't try to be obnoxiously hipster kitsch (NoLibs, I'm looking at you)
- Ample seating and power outlets
- A great music selection that's never too loud
- Super friendly staff
I'd love it if they'd step up the breakfast situation (a real grilled egg and real grilled bacon rather than McDonald's-quality prefab) but the brioche is great and they were super generous with the cheddar cheese.
I am happy to pay their prices, which are market rate for anywhere else I park myself for a day. I don't mind $8 for a panini, especially since I REALLY want this place to be successful. I am still emotionally scarred by the closing of El Cafeito, and while the food here isn't on par with the food there, it's decent enough and everything else is as good or better. 
If our neighborhood steps up and supports businesses like this, we'll get more of them. Here's hoping!Good food and extremely friendly and helpful staff. Large seating area + free wifi a major plus. Highly recommended!It's been open a week, and already I've been there almost every day. This place is exactly what our neighborhood has been waiting for. They serve delicious and affordable coffee, have plenty of comfy seats to work in, wifi, and an excellent spread of food.  Imagine that. A cafe you can afford to visit daily!
What is more, the staff pulls excellent shots - especially the lovely Rachael. 
The owner is also an artist, and his work is featured around the store. Part art gallery, part cafe, all good in my book. I like Terrance's art and say it's worth a visit just to check out his paintings.
As long as they stock plenty of soy milk, you'll find me at Buzz.This place is adorable! Great atmosphere - loved the music that was playing, comfy and plentiful seating and beautiful art to look at. We came for breakfast; I got the Huevos Rancheros wrap which was delicious, prepared really well with perfect amount of all the ingredients. Coffee is La Colombe so you can't go wrong there. The only reason they didn't get 5 stars was the fact that they were out of croissants on a Sunday. But I wanted a heartier breakfast anyway . Definitely check this little cafe out!I went this morning for the first time. I've been in need of a cafe in the Kensington South/West Kensington section of the city since El Cafeito closed and I'm over there all the time. 
I was very surprised at how immense this place is! I think they have a great selection of pastries and their breakfast menu was pretty good despite the $5 pricetag on the sandwiches, that otherwise could be $3. La Colombe coffee for $2 and a good amount of seating space.  I went with a bacon, egg, and cheese on croissant. Perfectly toasted and very tasty!
This place has the makings of a solid coffee shop and I wish them the best of luck! The customer service staff was very friendly and the service was top notch. You get what you pay for certainly! I just don't think the majority of neighborhood folk can afford this type of place, which is what the problem was at El Cafeito (the majority of its customers were gentrifiers from Kensington South, Temple students, and Northern Liberties residents. I would give this spot somewhere between 3 and 4 stars. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt because of their quick service and lack of cons. I just wish the prices were a little more reasonable.This is the kind of coffee shop that makes you long to be a regular.
I had the brie fig sandwich on a croissant, and it was perfectly lovely. I also had a cup of coffee, which I promptly spilled everywhere, which incident triggered the owners' kids scurrying for fistfuls  of napkins without being asked. Apparently the munchkins are typically there on weekends, since their parents are the sweet couple that owns the place. The father's artwork hangs permanently upstairs, while other local artists get cycled through on the first floor.
Props to them for opening this place before the neighborhood was hip & nurturing it to the lovely place it is today!Only been there once so far, but I'll be back soon!
Staff was super nice, food and coffee were fantastic (and very reasonably priced).I enjoyed their Nutella-banana croissant, but the bickering baristas and lack of toilet paper left me feeling like I may not come back.Been here a couple times and both times it was great. They have a nice eating area with some cool stuff to read. Both times I ordered sandwiches that were really good, and the one time I got the bread pudding, which was also really good. I wish they were open on Sundays, though.Far from pretentious, non-hipster owned and operated. Super cool hidden gem in North Philly/Kensington. Great people, even greater food. Coffee is delicious. Sriracha aioli is AMAZING.
Ask about the dope art work on display :)Buzz has the best breakfast sandwiches and coffee hands down, and the cafe itself is super fun to hang out in. Plus, the guys who run the place are hilarious. It's my favorite breakfast spot in Fishtown/Kenzo.This is an awesome place to relax and eat breakfast at. They have a very nice atmosphere and high quality food. It's an affordable place to eat and they have free wifi. I would definitely recommend this store if you are looking to eat a gourmet breakfast.This is honestly my FAVORITE coffee shop EVER!!  The owners are so friendly and I love when the kids are there on the weekends, it just makes you feel very t home there.  The bread pudding that the owner Danielle makes is nothing short of amazing and the cupcakes are always different and leaves you wanting so much more!  If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would.This place is wonderful. Their baked goods are excellent, try the bread pudding. The sandwiches, coffee and service have always been excellent.The veggie cream cheese is HOMEMADE. I was skeptical but OMG! On an everything bagel... Mmm... He needs to package and sell it, seriously! 
I also had the sausage egg and cheese on multigrain with their spicy aioli sauce.. incredible. 
FYI: the owner did ALL the artwork in the cafe. He's a great cook, wonderful artist, (and he's easy on the eyes). 
So much talent, bravo!They would've gotten a much better review had it not been for the f-ups in the kitchen; the food itself was good. Had a nice flavor and nice presentation. However, after my boss and I giving very easy but specific mods for our orders (he wanted sriracha sauce on the side on his breakfast sandwich and I wanted grilled cheese with tomato and bacon), he received it with the sauce ON his and I got grilled CHICKEN with tomato and bacon. If the place had been busy, I could understand, but we were the only two in there at the time......Woke early in Dawn's new neighborhood last Sat and, while she was still asleep, felt hungry, so I looked on Yelp (thank you, reviewers) for a good local breakfast spot, ending-up here soon after they opened. Had (Philly's favorite) La Colombe coffee and The Inferno (scrambled eggs, chorizo & cheddar with jalapeño hash & ghost pepper slaw, avocado, insanity aioli & chipotles on a habanero wrap), which they say is "hotter than a Kensington Tire Fire" (which did not disappoint) - an excellent combination of flavors that I'll soon order again after trying some other offerings. The premises are cozy & welcoming - the kind of coffee shop to open a book and hangout awhile. The decor is Star Wars themed (plus a nice smattering of artwork depicting local places) and that theme is ubiquitous; I sat at a table adjacent to R2D2 & ET and, when I asked for the WiFi password, I was challenged to cite the 1st two words Princess Leia speaks. Hosts Jeff & (owner) Terrance were most welcoming (and generous). The fun continues mañana with http://facebook.com/events/2035365283257795. Also checkout http://facebook.com/BuzzCafePhiladelphia/videos/1912238495469563 by Terrance. I can't rave enough about Buzz Cafe!The Diablo was overwhelming hot  but all around the other burritos were really good. We ordered takeout and it was easy to pick up but the order took about an hour to fill which was frustrating. Good location on the corner and cool vibe. Would eat here again for the food but would not order takeout.The space is cool. The food and coffee were adequate. 
However, I could hear the girl working behind the counter making rude comments about the customers (including me and my colleague) with her friend who seemed to be hanging out, waiting for her to get off work. 
I like to support small/local businesses, so I would like to give this place another try someday, but with the abundance of superior options in the area, I probably won't.I love this place!!!!  The coffee is superb...sandwiches are delish and have assisted in curing a few hangovers.  The service is top notch.  What more can you really ask for in a neighborhood coffee shop?!Friendly staff and warm atmosphere inside! Highly recommend the huevos rancheros wrap, it was the perfect size and great flavor. You know how sometimes a breakfast burrito can be soggy? It was not soggy at all like just the perfect combo of ingredients to be delicious and not falling apart. Plus they serve la Colombe coffee  Really liked this place and will definitely go back again!Nice scenery good music quiet peaceful good people all around excellent service will come backCoffee is always burnt, breakfast sandwich is stills excellent. I really want it to be better but the coffee just doesn't hold up to other spots near by.Love this place.  But what is with the weekend hours??So happy to have the Buzz Cafe back open! No better way to start the weekend then supporting the neighborhood spot. Quick and friendly service and their breakfast never disappoints. 
Thank you Buzz!!!Well it took me about 3 years and 5/6 bad experiences to write this review but here we are... 
I would have given no stars and wrote a descriptive novel on why I dislike this place but they have already wasted enough time. 
May the force be with youHoly SH$& The huevos rancheros is BOMB. Cool vibe too! This is a must if in the area!I love the coffee and breakfast sandwhiches and the owners art is through ought the cafe.  It's pretty fun to be surrounded by his sci-fi/Star Wars collection and art sometimes based on it.  I only wish they were open past 2pm because im a late riser and love later afternoon spots like this.