Best wings around! We went tonight after a party, this place is small but never disappoints. Thankfully they are now open on Sunday's, growing up this wasn't the case. Growing up this was a neighborhood spot. I think now it's mostly the people who moved away and bring others with them. Fresh hot wings, they only offer one style sauce but it's amazing. They also do potato logs, which would be the French fries. We tried the pizza tonight for the first time, it was just okay. Kind of like carnival pizza. Good but not great. The service is always pretty good, the girls always seem to be running around a lot. Bathrooms are tight and always seem to be a wait. 
If your looking for some great wings and cold beer, this is the place to be. You can get a real Black and Tan here. We will be backWings are my favorite thing to eat here, I never used to eat wings but now I wish I could go every week. 
The sauce is amazing a little kick to it and they never disappoint with their potato logs.Bobby Chez crab cakes great. Potato logs worth the trip. Staff is exceptional. place full of characters. You will always see someone you know. Have tried hot turkey and provolone and will add that to my list of repeats. If ypu want pizza Taconelllis is nearby. Stick with the Pub grub.Great wings, sandwiches, and don't forget to order the potato logs with cheese!!  Great waitresses and bartenders!!  Enjoy your experienceByrne's is THE place for wings in Philly! I'm actually disappointed that somehow in all my days of Yelping I've overlooked rating this staple of Philly bar food joints. 
My first time at Byrne's it was Superbowl Sunday, I was heading back to Philly to meet up with some friends and they asked me if I'd stop off an exit early on 95 and pick up a take out order they had placed. I noticed immediately that every table the front room had steam table trays of game day wings piled on top. Football and Byrne's have a longstanding relationship.
So far I've only done takeout, but it does look like you're in for a treat if you stay and catch the live show. 
These wings are straight up buffalo style! No hoisin glazed ginger-infused Siracha kissed imitators here. (Not that there's anything wrong with that), but sometimes a girl just wants her wings old school with some blue cheese and celery action. Is that so wrong?!?!I heard of Byrne's a few times as the best wings in Port Fishington but never tried them till today. They have all 5-star ratings and this one will be no different.
My buddy came over to watch some football and I told him we'd check out this place I've heard of that has awesome wings and we salivated over the reviews for a few days. I called up to find out if they do take out orders, which they do, and they were very polite in answering my usual clueless annoying questions. "Do you do take out orders? What increments do you sell wings? How much do they cost?" Of course repeating it all to my friend. "25 or 50 wings?" He just kinda nodded his head and said, "50" They took the order and said it would only be 15 minutes.
Quick drive up there, plenty of parking. They were as polite in person as they were over the phone. The wings were immediately ready and I didn't think they were overpriced. We raced home as the smell was driving us crazy. We started eating and instantly fell in love. The wings are seriously tender, you can just pull the meat off the bone. The heat was perfect in my opinion. Not bland by any means, but I wasn't dripping with sweat and could still taste flavors after 3 wings.
The two of us killed the 50 wings and were so glad we decided to get 50 instead of 25. I'll definitely be getting wings here from now on. Maybe I'll have to eat in next time. The place looked nice and they had a couple flat screens in there to watch the game.This place is an institution.......say no more.......it was a neighborhood place but most moved away and still come back with more people.....great meeting place....everyone is friendly and the staff is awesome.......wings, logs it's all good.I love this place. Only have eaten the wings here and they're always great. Only problem is I got super case of stomach sickness the next day. Feel better the same night butan did I pay for it. Could have been eating 25 myself did the trick. Still will be back for more wings maybe just in moderation and not overindulge. Would have given four stars if I felt better today.DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE! I usually try to focus my comments on places that are doing things right, but I just had to review this place after being lured there by all the others claiming these were the best wings of their lives. I would love the opportunity to broaden their horizons, but this place had literally the worst wings I've had in a long time. I ordered twelve wings with the sauce on the side.  They had virtually no seasoning. And before you say, "that's why they had no flavor", fried chicken wings should be well seasoned on their own. The skin was spotty in the sense that it was crispy in some areas and soggy in others. But I did try dipping them in the sauce with blue cheese, this was the only way I could eat them. 
Don't waste your time, money or calories on these wings. If you are a true wing lover, you will be very disappointed.It was a little cramped (it was a Friday), and I had to sit elbow-to-elbow with someone I didn't know... but it was pretty well worth it.  It's your basic american pub fare, and it's really good!  I didn't get a chance to try their wings (yet)... but their fries are phenomenal!Came here for lunch, delicious wings and corned beef sandwich.  Would absolutely return!The wings at Byrne's are out of this world, if a bit on the expensive side.  They're worth the price, though.  Prepared in a pressure cooker, they come out to the table with the meat practically falling off the bone.  You can literally stick the wing in your mouth and pull, with only the bare bones coming out.  They've got just the right amount of kick to them and they're perfect with a pitcher of your favorite beer.  Be careful...before you know it, you've eaten 25 wings by yourself.
Don't forget their crabby logs and the special chicken sandwich, perfect for a take out order, melts in your mouth.You can't go wrong with anything on the menu here.  Great wings,  and you can't leave without an order of potato logs. The waitresses are great and the food comes out quickByrne's Tavern doesn't disappoint. THESE WINGS ARE AMAZING! Lip smacking, fall off the bone, best in the city wings.
Side-rant: Waitstaff was exceptional, expect for the spiteful middle-aged lady rocking true religion jeans.Wings, crab soup and a real black and tan and sports on t.v.  
And Frank is omnipresent. Enjoy byrnes whenever in Port RichmondNice local Irish bar in Port Richmond area.  I went there with a bunch of friends and their family for a happy hour.  We had an awesome time, the waitress was friendly and funny, the beers came quickly, and the Potato logs were amazing.  I wasn't even hungry till I had one of them.  After my first taste I finished most of the order. 
Guinness was poured properly and overall it just reminded me a bar I visited in Dublin in the Temple Bar district.  Good times.  The crabs are awesome too!Where everybody knows your name....food great. Service great.  Actually fun to wait for a table on a Friday night.Best in the biz. The wings are the best in the galaxy. I dare you to try to find better wings than Byrne's... You cant.I had been hearing so much about Byrne's wings and how good they are, so me and the Mr. decided to give them a try on Sunday night.  We checked the hours on their Yelp page, (Hours: Mon-Sun 11 am - 2 am) before heading there, we don't live in the neighborhood and our surprise when we got there at 8:30 p.m. the waitress had informed us that they close at 9 p.m. and had already taken "last call".  
Now I'm not sure about their food, since I  didn't get to eat, and maybe they didn't realize that they can update the hours on their yelp site but I do not like when a place is supposed to be open till a certain time but decide to stop serving way before that.  I most likely will not be returning.Kinda thought I had already written a review, guess not. 
These are hands down amazinggggg wings. Could definitely be a little spicier, but besides that they're basically perfect. Sauce is butter heavy, but has great flavor. As said before by others, meat is fall of the bone. Size is great. The soups are great too. Maryland crab is a favorite, tiny bit high on the sodium, but that just makes you want to eat more, haha. Also, the potato wedges, they call them "logs", are out of this world. So crispy on the outside yet velvety on the inside. They are fantastic, and I'm never really a fan of wedges. 
The staff is friendly even though they can usually tell when you're not a "local", which I am not. If you want a confusing read check out the sign explaining their policy about serving beer at tables with minors and such, it's hilarious.Great Neighborhood Establishment, Wings are Awesome Potato logs are a Must!! Small Dining Area sometimes the wait is long and no where to sitTHE BEST WINGS in the city. THE. BEST.  Love the wing sauce. They are fall off the bone tender and the blue cheese is fantastic. The potato (crab) logs are out of this world good and perfect for a gluttonous lunch, binge dinner, or hangover cure. This stand alone bar in Port Richmond is perfect for a laid back night that should include a lot of wet naps and several pitchers of beer. Bar food done right.Best place in Philly for great wings and spiced crabs which are sold by size.  In other words, you can ask "how big are the crabs today?" and you'll get a response in the form of a range of prices..."We've got 5's, 5.75's and 7's 'hon."  Bigger crabs cost more - duh.  You can have your own table, except on busy nights in which case the tables get smooshed together to accommodate more butts in chairs.  When that happens, it becomes more like a rowdy beer hall in Munich and is great fun - lots of Philly and 'Joisey' accents made thicker by the copious consumption of alcohol.  I brought my wife here on our first date 25 years ago, and even though we've long since moved away, have made every effort to stop through whenever we're anywhere close or passing through.  I love this place.Brynes has good bar food. Their wings are awesome. The place is super cramped and mostly outdated but it works. The service is quick and friendly.
The only problem I do have, is that their business hours state they are open till 2am every night and I've never seen them open past midnight. I don't understand why they have their hours listed incorrectly. I get that they're more of a restaurant than a bar but please make the proper corrections so people don't show up and expect to grab a drink, only to find out they closed 4 hours early.Great wings if you like wet wings. I personally prefer them a little dryer and fried hard,  but they are unable to customize wings since they make them in larger batches. The crabby potato logs are amazing!! The price was reasonable and the customer service was to be expected. I would definitely eat hear again!My taste buds are exhausted.  Although I suppose that's what 25 wings, crabby logs, Maryland crab soup, jalapeno poppers and a good 6,000 calories will do to you.  In my defense, I wasn't alone, but I did a good share of the damage.  The crab soup may not have much crab in it, but man does it taste good..  and it comes in a coffee mug.  Who doesn't love that?  Crabby logs are essentially steak fries covered in Old Bay and served with Whiz and sour cream.  Kind of strange but I have to get them every time.  It's just part of Byrne's experience.  The wings are where it's at though.  It goes like this:
Step 1)  Insert wing into mouth
Step 2)  Lightly bite down with teeth
Step 3)  Pull
Step 4)  Place bone in bowl
Delicious!  The meat comes right off the bone - it's the perfect lazy person's wing.  Not very large or crispy, but so good.
Byrne's is a classic neighborhood bar.. I will admit that Port Richmond is not a neighborhood I'd go walk around in by myself, especially at night, but once you're inside you'll be just fine.  The staff is super friendly, the atmosphere is chill, and if you're worried about your car you can always watch over it on the security camera screen they have inside.First time customer! Our bar maid MO was the best!!
We had the wings and the fried mac and cheese everything was great! Beer was on draft and ice cold couldn't of been better!
 We will be be back
Oh forgot we herd eveyone singing happy birthday to Robin the waitress, to funny.
It's a great place to hang out locals we're  awasome.
Thanks to Mo! Everything was great fun place!logs and wings are Worth the trip if you haven't been here before.. Also the service is consistentMy number-one, all-time favorite bar dinner.   Wings, potato logs, extra blue cheese, draft beers for $2.25..... Byrne's is the ultimate neighborhood bar.  Real life here... even the slumming hipsters can't wreck it.  Boys, this is a good test for girlfriend candidates.  If she's too cool for Byrne's, say goodbye... and hello to your own bowl of wings.Cool local spot with great chicken wings! Had a few beers and plenty of wings. Definitely recommend going here if you like chicken wings.Byrne's has some of the best wings in Philly. They have a dive bar feel, but not dive bar food. The staff is great and most have been there a long time.The waitress was great, attentive and friendly. Best buffalo chicken sandwich I've had.I stop in a couple times a year when I'm in for business. (I usually hit also nearby Czerw's Kielbasy) I always get the wings. "Best In City"? No idea. But they are really good and unique. They are cooked in a pressure-fryer which not only speeds up the order, but ensures the meat is plump & juicy ("falls off the bone") and that no hard, overcooked wings are in the batch.  They make one sauce, and it's  good. If you need it hotter they invite you to doctor it to your taste. Good selection of beer & booze, decent prices.
Best part is the feel of the place. Friendly, clean, down to Earth neighborhood bar. I was just in early on a weekday, around 11, not busy yet, and got talking to the bartender, Joe. Friendly guy, excellent conversation. Typical of my experience here, except when it is super busy. The place is small, tables tight, and at some times you are really packed in with strangers sharing tables. But if they are the right sort, that can be a good thing. Had my first local  Yard IPA, excellent.By far the best wings ive ever had in my life. I go here every saturday for the past 17 years. The meat falls right off the bones and the potato logs are great! If you love either, go!Mediocre bar food and lousy service. I could go on with details, but rather, I'll suggest you leave this place's yelp page and search for a better one. An easy task.Fun fact:  pressure frying isn't something you should attempt to do at home.   Without the proper equipment, there's no way to safely take the temperature of the oil, which could easily lead to fire, an explosion, and a rehashing of the scene in Indiana Jones where that guys face melts off.  
So, if you get the urge to pressure fry potaoes, don't.  Come here instead, and only melt the inside of your mouth because they're damn hot for about six years after the server puts them in front of you.  
Also, wings and steamers.   Eat those, too. 
Oh....they really do know how to pour a proper Guiness here.Been coming to Byrne's since I was born and it still remains my favorite for pub grub!  Their crabby logs and wings are my go-to choices, but their roast beef,crab cakes and crab legs are also amazing!  Love their bloody marys as well.  Best wings hands down!Simply the best!! We arrived around 5pm this past Friday and business was booming as usual. We were sat immediately and service was great. We ordered 25 Wings, logs and mozzarella sticks. Man, these wings are beyond good. The only downfall is their not very crispy. The sauce is the boss and goes great with a cold pint. Been going to Byrnes since I was 8 years old, I will be back!A Port Richmond staple, their wings can't be beat! Pizzas, fresh crabs(season) potato logs....I can go on & on. If any1's any1 knows about Bryne's buy that person a round. Keep it going pass it on.Came here for lunch recently and told the go to food are the wings and potato logs.
Wings - very good, but with a sauce that I seem to find at places like Wings-to-Go.  The dozen I ordered were a good size and filling.
Potato logs - quartered and fried, they are the Godzilla of french fries.  Crispy outside, soft inside.  I don't think you'll be able to finish them all!
Byrne's is a place mostly with its regulars, and service was very friendly.  They seemed they were a bit frazzled with the lunch rush.
I would not search out Byrne's specifically for another meal, but if I was in the area I'd give them another try.  They have some other options which looked quite good as they passed out table to other customers.I worked in Philly & my friends and I loved going here for the AWESOME wings and crabs ! I moved to Virginia for work and went to a crab feast where I had NO clue how to clean a crab . I learned fast though ! I still miss this place and the food , friends, and friendly atmosphere. 
Get the WINGS and experience heaven !I love byrne's food especially their wings. It's always a go to place. Recently I called there to have a 30 birthday dinner there on a Saturday night. When we called on Wednesday, they informed us they don't take reservations, but if we called ahead that Saturday they could accommodate our party of 12. So that day we called at noon and once again they told us they didn't take reservations but they would have the hostess have tables set aside for us. They said it wouldn't be an issue. That maybe we may have to wait 15 minutes for a party to leave. So that evening we showed up on time and asked the waitress. She with an attitude told she saw the note about a party of 12 but that they did not take reservations. So she didn't know what we wanted her to do. We explained that manager and people we spoke with twice on the phone said they would be able to accommodate this request.We even asked if we could make party smaller to a table of 4 the birthday girl child and parents could eat. She told us there was only one table ahead of us. When we came back20 minutes later, she told us 3 tables were ahead of us. So after 45 minutes we left to find somewhere else to eat. So it wasn't really the birthday celebration we hoped for. 
I understand they don't take reservation and if they didn't lead us to believe it wouldn't be an issue we would've just planned for somewhere else. There food is good but it was not worth the attitude we received trying to give them businessYou want wings?  Go to Byrne's!  They have the best wings and don't forget the potato logs.  I also love the chicken salad.  Our family has been going here for years and it stays consistent.  Great people and really good tavern style food!Wings are phenomenal. I love the atmosphere and service.. VERY good.
They are trying to add more Local Craft beers (like Victory, Yards, Phila Brewing Company).. far better than Bud, Coors, Miller crap. 
My buddy loves the potato wedges. the pizza was good too.. but for me, the wings are GREAT. Go here for a Phils, Eagles, Flyers game.. get the wings.. and play some Quizzo! Good place, parking in the back makes it easy.Byrne's Tavern is the hidden diamond in Port Richmond.  I live in Northeast Philly and it is always worth the drive to come to Byrne's.  The beers are cheap and the wings are even better.  Imagine a chicken wing perfectly cooked with crisp skin, tender juicy inside, and a hot sauce that is the perfect cross between spicy and tangy.  The bleu cheese dressing (often overlooked) is home made, and a nice compliment to the wings.  Wash it all down with a domestic draft beer for $2.25.  I have not had any other items on the menu, but my friends say the pizza is also fantastic.  
Just like Port Richmond itself, the restaurant is very small and cramped, so expect to sit next to someone whom you don't know.  The wait staff is also very informal and will not provide you with the usual server etiquette, but it is another facet that adds to the uniqueness of the establishment.
In all, Byrne's reminds me of a Cheer's atmosphere where everyone knows your name.Awesome crabs. Best wings! Hands down. Excellent service and will continue to go back there often.Long time patron of Byrne's. I used to go in all the time and get Potatoe logs and beer and top it off with Irish coffee. Went in recently, I don't know what happened but I hate to say some of the food I got was not like it 'used to be' The potatoe logs were lacking the vinegar flavor, and the food was fried a bit too much.I know I should have exposed this Irish pub before Saint Patrick's Day... but hey, I didn't... just be thankful that I am sharing it now! Lol. This is a local Port Richmond bar with good old Irish bar food that is delish and consistent every visit! If you love Potato Logs then this is the place you need to be! They have 5 dollar crabs and 7 dollar crabs that are covered in old bay and brought out to you on a red tray! Ummm, I'm ready to do a repeat of last night. They have amazing chili and crab bisque. My go to favorite is the appetizer fried jumbo shrimp. Looking for a cool pub, where everyone knows your name (if you go there enough, like us) then Byrnes Tavern is where to go. OH pleaMy friends and I come here every Thursday for Quizzo and Wings. Fantastic people, family friendly, great food, and a great selection of beers. Fantastic! The place isn't huge and sometimes you have to wait a while to be seated but hey, its worth the wait.Great old school corner bar with decent beer selection. The wings are hands down the best in the city.Been going here for wings for years.  Was introduced as awesome wings and have never disappointed.  Any time a road trip passes the place I suggest it as a grub stop, such easy access to 95.  Even took business groups here.  Pretty much just a great place and I never get anything but their fantastic wings.You can't really miss the sign from I 95 that advertises for Byrnes and welcomes you to Port Richmond. I've driven past it maybe 300 times in the past month and a half. So after a while my friend and I decided we were gonna check them out. I heard great things about their wings about their food in general. Everything I heard was true. The food is really really good. Not just the wings which are completely amazing. Everything they have is good but I tried anyway. And mac and cheese bites I love. And the pizza is not bad either. The buffalo chicken wrap was my favorite. Along with the Maryland soup. I highly recommend Byrnes to everyone at this point. It's a small little bar but the people there are very nice and they take pride in their bar. I'll definitely be returning here and I will enjoy it so much.I am not sure why, but I haven't been back to this place to eat for years. it is only 10 minutes away from me via I95N. This is a great establishment to kick back, have a couple beers, and eat some of the best Wings in the city. I went last night and once again, it did not disappoint. The wings were on point, and the Potato Logs were just as good as the last time I was there. The Prices are still reasonable. I am glad I was able to get my kids there for the first time and maybe we will start to go there with me more often.The BEST wings in the entire city. I'm from the neighborhood over and grew up eating Byrne's wings. I moved, kind of far, but will take the drive and bear I-76 traffic for their wings and a side of potato logs with cheese and sour cream. Small neighborhood place but not seclusive. You feel the neighborhood love there for sure. And even f you don't, trust me the food will be worth it. And make sure to end with the peanut butter pie!Chicken wings are great. The crabs are yummy too. And the guy at the bar pours a nice Guinness. Definitely worth a stop in for dinner and a beer.Decent boneless wings, awesome clams. I didn't have the chance to try the crabs since they were sold out, which sucked because that was the only reason I went there that day. But I just moved down the street recently so maybe next time Ill get the chance.We only ordered take-out, so this is mainly for the food.
Wings - small, yet sooooo delicious! They even come with the wing tips (which my husband loves). Flavoring was perfect. It had a hint of honey or sweetness to it which is why made it so good. Meat was very tender and falls off the bone. Mmmm!!
Red fish sandwich - it was pretty good, but I felt the fish could have been seasoned a lil bit more. Maybe a tad of salt and pepper would have done the trick. But, it was a very nice size fish, not too greasy, and not much breading on the fish (which is perfect...I hate eating fried fish and all I'm eating is the breading). You can pick potato salad, cole slaw, or some greens with this platter. I went with the potato salad. It was good, but the potatos were a lil hard.
Crabby Logs - OMG OMG OMG!!!! SOOOOOOOO WONDERFUL! When I looked at them, I was like "dude, theses are just potato wedges" but when I bit into them, it was no where near being close to any potato wedge I have ever eaten before. It was heaven. Hahaha
Mussels in white sauce - sauce was quite yummy. I didn't eat much of the mussels (not really my thing) but I did use the sauce to dip some bread into it. It was seasoned perfectly. 
Mozz Sticks- Nothing special about them. Same as basically any place that makes mozz sticks. BUT, the marinara sauce that came with it was really good! Not sure if it's homemade, but I loved it.
Will def be back again!I love Byrnes, but I can see why it does turn people off. The layout of the restaurant is strange, when it is packed that's when things get personal to say the least, if you are a part of two you may be seated at the same table as another party of two or four bc of the table set up. This can be awkward at first, but you get used to it. The decor is also very dated but I think it adds to the charm. The service can be hit or miss, even surly at times (don't even think of coming in half hour before closing) and finally Sunday hours! at this point I've been there enough that they know me and say hi. 
For me, the pros outweigh those cons. The wings are great, they are steamed/pressure cooked so they fall off the bone, different then most wings that have a crisp. The sauce is delicious, comes in one heat which I would say is medium, blue cheese & celery is extra but that seems to be on par with most places nowadays that are known for wings. The other food is priced reasonably, I love their roast beef sandwiches and chicken fingers. Often split sandwiches here with my partner and they give 2 bags of chips which is nice. For being in the polish hood the kielbasa and sauerkraut is spot on.
There is usually ample parking. I love sitting in the bar when possible though it is small, great vibe and I really like the bartenders here. They pour a Guinness right on with spoon and everything. The locals are fairly friendly and nice compared to some other places. I've come for some games and had a great time.Absolutely not the best, but not the worse either. It's somewhere in between. Went there a few nights ago and ordered 50 wings with some friends. I'd have to say it hit the spot. I was satisfied and enjoyed what I had. I think the wings are overly hyped, but they are not terrible though. The food is good if you're looking for a good wing place within walking distance from your house. Personally, if i really want good wings, I'll go to currans or Maggie's on the waterfront. I think it's a matter of preference.Always come here for their wings. Best iv ever had. 
Today I tried something different for the first time, the chicken sandwich and it was so good. Can't wait to try the other things. Also walking distance from my house so it's overall a great spot for me! (: great staff. Food comes out in great time !I have been meaning to come to byrnesy's for at least a year now, and  I do not know why it took me so long. These wings are delicious. Crispy and the sauce is great. Cheap and served in a big bowl with celery and bleu cheese. The bartendress couldnt have been more friendly, and same with the regulars who we sat next to at the bar.
Beers were very cheap (coors light for 2 bucks and lager draft for 2.75) and the sandwiches were pretty decent. I had a buffalo chicken sandwich with bacon lettuce and tomato that was great, but my roommate had the crab cake that was sub par.
I will be coming back here next season for eagles games for sure.I love this place. Only have eaten the wings here and they're always great. Only problem is I got super case of stomach sickness the next day. Feel better the same night but man did I pay for it. Could have been eating 25 myself did the trick. Still will be back for more wings maybe just in moderation and not overindulge. Would have given four stars if I felt better today.Neighborhood vibe bar . Very cool place to come for a couple of rounds . The kind of bar  where you see the neighborhood kids grow up in. Cheap drinks served with a smile . Order the wings, 5 mins later it came out on a woody plate , taste like it was just warm up and not cook when order . Wing sauce  bland and fried bone dry well done . Would not come back alone for the  food , but definitely come back for the drinks and the vibes .First let me say I'm bias since I lived in the neigborhood and grew up here. This is the only place to go for a neigborhood bar "feel" that is welcoming for all people. Union types, CEO's, lawyers, indian chiefs, college students, high school drop outs all mingle and talk with each other.  The bar area itself is classic. Long wooden bar with brass foot railing. The bartenders are the best. Simply the best. Friendly, fast and helpful. I never ever had to wait long for a beer and trust me this bar does get packed at times. The staff is second to none. They have all been there for years and there is a reason for this, they are the best. Frank is the man. Greets you like he's known you for years. The wings are the best around. The logs are Philly's best kept secret. The selection of beers is incredible since this is billed as a neighborhood bar. Easy to get too, right off  N I95. Like the other review said "this is a good test for girlfriend candidates.  If she's too cool for Byrne's, say goodbye... and hello to your own bowl of wings."..'Nuff said!....Love the service and workers. People are friendly and welcoming. Their wings and potato logs are the best. I would love to have them for lunch and dinner every day.My family had been coming here for generations.  The wings are Da Bomb & it's nice when the entire staff knows you & your family by name & treats you like a friend. It's a great place to watch a ballgame & have some brews, wings & crabs. The only thing I wish Frank Byrne would do is expand....buy some of that land in the old pipe yard or open up the 2nd floor. Waiting for a table can be annoying as there's nowhere to stand when it's crowded & you see people sucking down cold beer & wings right in front of you!!Wings, logs, & pizza,  always a winning combo at this great neighborhood spot.  They're beer selection on draft could use some updating,  but at least they keep a good supply of current craft fav's in bottles & cans.  Been going here for over twenty years and hopefully many more after that,  cheers!I'm new to the neighborhood and I'd been hearing about Byrne's famous wings. Well, they certainly do not disappoint! Byrne's ranks in my top 3 in Port Richmond. A definite go-to. Clean, cozy, homey atmosphere, friendly and super attentive staff. Our server was warm and funny and suggested the Potato Logs as a perfect accompaniment to the delicious wings. We finished with a homemade cheesecake and a pumpkin pie to end all pumpkin pies. I'm looking forward to trudging over on a snowy evening to this gem of a pub/diner in the heart of the River Wards.Please everyone stay away!  We need to keep this place for ourselves.  It's a neighborhood institution.  Amazingly fresh seafood, my favorite wings, and lots of TVs to watch games.  Ladies - quick note - it has the smallest bathroom ever.  It's comical.I  love Byrnes Tavern.  A  very atmospheric  place.   Crabs and  cold  beer and   oh  joy! I love their potato logs.   Recently  went here on a  very hot  muggy  day  feeling  tired  and depleted  by the heat.  It has been about  10 years  since I   been to Byrnes.  Prices  have  gone up.   2 people-   3  crabs each, pitcher of  beer, a  BLT  salad cost  was $60.    Crabs priced  by size.  I should  have ordered  the   cheapest  crabs.  Oh well.  Still very  happy  to   have the Byrnes experience.The crabby logs and wings are a MUST here.  I also like their hot roast beef and kielbasa with sauerkraut and their crabcakes!  In the summer we often get the crabs too!  Always good :)The waiters are friendly but the food is average. We ordered the wings, potato logs w/ cheese, and a hotdog. The wings fell off the bone but were extremely dry. The potato logs were greasy and bland. Hot dog was as expected. I wouldn't come back.Overpriced  and small portions ,definitely not worth it !!! Never again .A staple of Port Richmond for decades,  excellent wings.   Get the logs and pizza to go with,  they all compliment one another.   The owners are nice people as well.  CheersThe food there is delicious and the staff is very friendly but it's a tight place to move around cause it's small insideHad a great dinner and some awesome food. The bartender Alex was super! The wings were great and the sandwiches are decent sized. This place has a very nice atmosphere.  We will come back again.Great Tavern , Good draft beer , Good service. But unfortunately our food was not so good . The typical bar food was good, jalapeño  poppers, chicken fingers and nachos. (But you can get those anywhere) Sorry , not impressed with the wings, they seemed old., and the Mussels in red sauce were bad! They Smelled bad, half were mushy and not edible. The red sauce seemed like canned tomatoes poured on top. Not sure who was running the kitchen on this Friday evening. Sorry! 
Note : Our server did comp  us for the mussels.I finally found this place after 7 years in Fishtown. Excellent wings and I will definitely be back to try lots of other menu items.  This is a perfect pitcher and wing dive bar with excellent friendly staff. Give it a try and you won't be disappointed.Chicken??? Yes please ,Wtf!!!!!  Best wings in Philly.  I don't mean those nasty gummy oversized wings most restaurants/bars serve.  The food and drinks are awesome and consistent. Second time back and no regrets at all.  
If you're looking for good food, drinks and a chill atmosphere, check out Byrnes Tavern.If you like cold wings and shitty sandwiches then this is your place. We were asked to move to a tiny cramped corner seat while eating. We ended up taking our sandwiches to go. I had a hot turkey sandwich, which was just turkey and bread. I threw it away. I'm sorry to say I think we were purposely treated like this so we could leave. Never again