So good! We were immediately greeted and helped upon walking in. I love the iPad self-service option, too. It made paying a breeze. 
I had an all-veggie com-bao so I could try a little of everything, and I'm glad I did. Even with just veggies, it was filling. The potstickers were good, but could've been served hotter. The sauce they come with is amaaaazing. And make sure you pick up a hot sauce for your table--it's super good and has a flavor that's just spicy enough and doesn't linger or kill you. 
The garlic chips made the mushroom gwa bao. Although it tasted good, I wish the mushrooms were shredded or cut smaller so it's easier to eat. 
The tofu ruen bing might be my favorite. The whole "burrito" is reminiscent of how mushu pork is assembled, and the peanut crumbles give it an extra needed crunch. 
I think the only lackluster item was my Apple Sidra, which tasted like a watered down green apple soda. But I'm glad I got to try something new!
And the only overall downside was wait times for food were inconsistent. I got my all-veggie options right away while my friend waited significantly longer for meat options. This wasn't terrible, just inconvenient when you're trying to eat together. 
Overall a fun little tasty spot!Fantastic lunch place that keeps getting better and better.  Highly recommend everything especially the short ribs and donuts!Great place for lunch and now there open a few evenings. Love, love, love the dumplings.Stopped by for the 1st time and came away impressed. Looks like very fresh ingredients and everything is prepared in front of you. I ordered 6 veggie pot stickers and 1 ruen bing (shrimp). Very tasty - glad to have found it!!! Recommended.Went there with my husband and 3 kids under age of 8 and I think we ended up trying everything on the menu. My kids loved all of the dumplings, we ordered the 3 flavor combo and they each had their favorites. I personally liked the pork. I ended up having to order more for the kids. I also had to order more cucumbers 'cause my kids really liked them. Bonus stars for making vegetables my kids like to eat!
As for the baos I had the pork belly and the mushroom. So delicious! The flavors in the pork belly bao was right on. I like the thick fatty part of the pork belly. I mean why else would you eat pork belly if you don't like the fatty part! The mushroom bao was surprisingly good. I also had the beef ruen bing, again, really good. Can't decide which I like better, the bao or ruen bing. For a full meal I would suggest getting the dumpling and cucumber sort of like appetizers and 2 baos and a ruen bing as the main.
I also loved how easy it was to place my order and how fast I got my food. Anyway, I can't wait to go back!What a fast casual concept. I'll have to try more of the menu, but the one dish I had was good. 
I think I am more excited about the concept than the flavors. When I have a chance to get back and have some more of the menu I'll have to update my review... But definitly plan to!Everything was delicious!!! My boyfriend and I ordered the entire menu and it was amazing.  The freshest and most flavorful ingredients, and delicious sauces and pickled vegetables. The dumplings were perfect - light enough to eat several and with such nicely balanced and satisfying filling. I love pork buns and these were some of the best I've ever had. They have this peanut powder that was on the bun and I asked if I could buy some to take home it was that good!  The fried chicken is unlike any fried chicken I had ever had, so so good.  I can't wait to go back!My wife and I stumbled upon this beautiful restaurant tonight looking for a quick bite to eat for dinner. We met Judy and she gave us a rundown of the entire menu and all the different offerings. There's so many options to choose from, so we just did a random sampling of 6 small plates, including the spring roll, cold noodles, vegetable dumplings, sweet potato balls and mushroom slider. Everything is fresh, homemade and delicious. I haven't been this pleasantly surprised by a restaurant in a long time. Thanks Judy for greeting us at the door and enticing us to try it out. You are an awesome personWhere did you come from?!?! We were on our way to lunch at our normal spot when the lights shone through on a new storefront. What's this? Let's check it out. So, we decide to live a little. We enter, it's simple and clean. We are welcomed by the owner. She is all smiles. She shows us the menu and we are on. Mobile ordering, we'll get you order ready. The menu was easy to read and simple options. Dumplings. I get a sampler. Handmade. Full of flavor. At first, I didn't think the serving would be enough. Afterwards, just right. I was satiated. I'm a fan of Baology.Such a cute place and the food was really good! The woman who put our order together was so friendly and helpful. I loved the combao so I could try a little of everything but still have a lunch sized portion. You won't be disappointed!Baology was fantastic! My girlfriend and I ordered a small feast and every bite was delicious. All four of the gwa baos were great, but my favorite was probably the short-rib. The seasonal vegetable potstickers and pork+shrimp+spinach potstickers were far and away some of the best dumplings I've had in the city of Philadelphia. Finally, the wonton soup special that my girlfriend ordered was truly "Taiwanese Penicillin" for a cold November night!Not worth the hype. We had the potstickers, three baos and one of the reun bing. The potsticker filling was cold, the baos were very very small and the reun bing was not at all tasty. I would not recommend this place especially if you are genuinely hungry. It's more snacky and not for a proper  meal ( which is fair, because it's supposed to be street food). What I liked - the service and the people and their ordering method - very convenient. 
If they dial up on food and taste, I would go back. Or else my $22 are better spent somewhere else.So. Incredibly. Good. It's hard for me not to think of another option for lunch at first when I'm hungry. My favorite is their beef bao which is just packed with awesome flavor and the fried onion toppings got me like (O_O)    . They always have some great specials and their potstickers are really good too. Awesome addition to the neighborhood.Stars for being somewhat of a unique business for the area and the neat interior, but the gwa baos didn't live up to my expectations. I don't know how else to describe them other than to say they were very mediocre gwa baos.
I didn't realize I was supposed to order at the self-order kiosk and instead went up to the only cashier who was friendly and eager to answer any questions should I have any. The food came out pretty quickly. I ordered a chicken and a pork belly gwa baos. I don't know what exactly I was expecting but the chicken gwa bao came with one, basically small-sized chicken nugget that didn't seemed to have been seasoned at all and was a bit dry. The pork belly gwa bao just didn't stand out in any way.
It wasn't a bad place to try once but once was enough to satiate my curiosity for the place. I definitely recommend at least giving it a try. It's just that the food wasn't memorable (I guess either in a good or bad way) and the hours are inconvenient enough that I probably won't find my way back here.This place is absolutely amazing. The food is fresh and full of flavor. I also enjoy the reasonable prices and endless combinations. The staff is friendly and happy to explain any of the dishes. You may even get a little information as to why the "forbidden rice" was forbidden! They expanded the menu and it's even better than it was before. Thanks Baology for making lunchtime fun again!This is such a great lunch spot that I wish it was open longer so I could eat here more frequently! Gourmet quality food is cheap, fresh, and quickly prepared after ordering. I try something new every time and am never disappointed. The service is always personable and they go above and beyond to make sure you have everything you need and more. The atmosphere inside is warm and inviting, reflective of their fresh perspective on Taiwanese street food. Their food will not disappoint the pickiest of eaters, and there are plenty of options for vegetarian or vegan diners as well. Oh, and you must try their homemade hot sauce--the flavor is incredible!Stopped in for a quick bite after hearing about this place a few months back.  It did not disappoint. Loved meeting Judy.  Ordering was easy and efficient on iPads.  Had the pork belly, fried chicken and short ribs trio of baos.  I usually prefer the traditional pork belly gwa-baos, but I was pleasantly surprised by the short ribs.  They offer a nice twist on a traditional dish. Super happy they had the apple sidra there as well.Not my first visit here, I've been stealth visiting since their soft opening. Nor will it be my last. Since their opening they've steadily improved as well as adding more dishes. 
While an occasional miss, such as today I had their Liang Mian cold noodles) side and the peanut sauce was on the dry side; but overall an excellent balance of meat and non-meat selections. In addition to the above mentioned noodles I had a five-spiced tofu ruen bing, and it was very satisfying. I think it also had sauteed or roasted eggplant. Very nice. The wrap seemed a bit chewy, but I'll attribute that to me getting takeaway. I also ordered their Taiwanese fried chicken gwa bao, and was very pleasantly pleased by the crunchy aspect in that small "slider."
All in all, seek this place out.Great food! I found my new go-to place for a quick bite.  Food portions are on the smaller side but even after getting 3-4 things the total price was very reasonable.  Well worth it and will definitely recommend to my friends092718 we ate there.  Our foods  were delicious but I had a minor issue with one of the items we ordered.  Upon approaching the lady  with the issue who I believe is the owner of the place, she  went above and beyond her duties by replacing my item and with an extra side of fried sugar donuts  and refund the entire amount of our meals which was about 32.00.   I was shocked that she had done that and would definitely return again.   I have never been to a restaurant  where I was treated like this.   Please give them a try and I will promise you that you wont regret  it.I found this place to be decidedly Not Great.  We visited during at the end of their "soft opening" first week so maybe the food will improve with time.  Service was slow and it was hectic inside but no worse than any other new lunch spot in the city which is currently in the focus of  curious officeworker hordes. 
I ordered 1 bao bun, 1 ruen bing, 1 order of dumplings, and went with the vegetarian option on all 3.  I also got an oolong tea.  The tea was tasty.  The dumplings were pretty good and a reasonable quantity for the price.  The bao bun was just ok, and small, did not feel like I could make a whole lunch out of these without spending a lot.  The veggie bun featured a single mushroom and some shredded cabbage.  
The ruen bing on the other hand was just...not good.  The burrito-like wrapper was dry and had a texture that just didn't do it for me.  The sauce inside seemed to be packed with an absurd amount of raw sugar.  When I took a bite, I would crunch crunch on raw sugar granules.  It was so sweet that I'd go as far as disgusting.  My co-workers only ate half of theirs, but I choked most of mine down.
The staff seemed super nice and I like the concept, but I'm going to give them a few months before I try again...Baology is a very unique place in that they sell almost like gourmet baos. I ordered the roasted pork belly gwa bao and the crispy beef ruen bing.
The roasted pork belly gwa bao was  small but tasty. I especially liked the crushed peanut powder which added a nice crunch to the bao. The crispy beef ruen bings didn't really stand out to me. There wasn't any distinct flavor to the ruen bing. It just tasted salty. Their food has so much potential especially since they are so unique but the food just wasn't that special in flavor
Atmosphere: When I walked in, it was completely empty with no customers. The restaurant was very clean with plenty of seating areas including an outdoor seating area. I also came at an awkward hour of 3pm. 
If you are looking for a place that fills you up, you will probably want to order around 3 things off the menu. Another downside is that this place is only open during the weekdays from 11am -5pm which isn't very friendly to people that work 9am-5pm. I think that this place could also do well if they expand their hours to the weekends.Went with a group of two others for lunch. It was busy but moved quickly, I like the option of the self-order kiosks but it takes a while if there's someone who doesn't know what they want yet as they're swiping through all their options like Tinder. 
There's a person with a tablet like a matchmaker who quickly puts in your order if you don't feel like online dating for your lunch. 
I got two bao and an iced tea. I think a little expensive for the size of the bao. Short rib bao had good accoutrements, fried chicken I had was a bit fatty. Piece of juicy dark meat but the fat hadn't been trimmed off the ends. I felt they were kind of small, kind of lacking on flavor.
Props to the hot sauce for actually being spicy and having simple syrup for iced tea!
Limited seating though. I sat at a table which we thought had garbage on it- aka a rolled up newspaper- which we didn't mind but apparently that was supposed to hold a seat for some guy. He came over and was really offended we didn't know the lone newspaper was a placeholder for an entire 4 seats.Fun fun place for Taiwanese food.  I loved the fried chicken and the bao's, especially the pork belly and short rib.  The shrimp wrap was also delicious.  Quick and friendly service.  Will come back for sure.Baology was a random stop on our stop in Philly. It wasn't part of my "must haves" when we originally planned the trip, but I am sure glad we found this place. 
You are greeted by a clean and modern space with the menu encompassing the whole wall to the right. Firs thing you notice is the modern decor with the touch of yellow. Then the Apple Sidra cans strategically placed about. It's equal parts homey and sterile. In the best possible way. 
You order the food on an Ipad and take a seat and the food is called out when ready. When we went it was late lunch so the restaurant wasn't busy and the food came out quick. 
We ended up getting a little bit of almost everything. In order of what I thought was most delicious. 
1: The pork Bao, 
     - WOW, SUPER DELICIOUS. I would have ordered a 12 pack if I could. And I prefer the pork boa here then other bigger name ones (cough cough Baohaus). The pork was tender and flavorful and the bun was delicious and soft. Not overwhelming at all. The crushed peanuts were also delicious and I found myself pick some up from the plate just to eat. 
2: Five-Spice Cured Bean Curd Ruen Bing (V)
     - I don't consider myself a vegan or adhere to any strict dietary restraints, but I couldnt pass up a good bean curd. The wrap is delicious and the 5 spice is not overwhelming at all. The vegetables inside were crisp. Almost like a lumpia or fresh vietnamese springroll. 
3: Assorted dumplings.  
    - Albeit solid choice, the wrapper was just slightly too thick for me. This could also be a preference thing for me as I grew up on thinner skinned dumplings. 
Overall was Baology brings to the table is making Taiwanese food accessible and easy to eat without making it intimidating to new comers. 
Bonus points if you get to meet the owner - Judy. She was fantasitc and we spent some time chatting about different food stops in Philly and just overall chatting about food. She's clearly passionate and it shows. Wish we could have stopped by the beef soup pop up!A fresh, tasty meal with locally sourced ingredients at a great price!! 
Had lunch at Baology a few weeks ago with friends, and was fortunate enough to try several items on the menu. Everything was freshly prepared, and the flavors were incredible!! The potstickers had a great sear on them...crispy on the bottom and tender on top. The buns were fantastic, with a variety of fillings. My personal favorite being the oyster mushroom with pickled greens and crispy garlic. Delicious. The ruen bings (Taiwan's version of a burrito!) were packed with vegetables and well seasoned proteins (even the tofu was flavorful!) The restaurant was incredibly clean, and the method of ordering made things move along quickly. I can't recommend baology enough! Taiwanese food at its best!!Decently surprised by how good this was. Baology serves Taiwanese street food. They dont Have too many options, which tend to make deciding what to eat overwhelming sometimes. They have baos, rolls, and small entrees. 
The combo options they have allow you to  pick different things at a good price point. Serving size is just right not too much not too little. Great for a workday lunch takeawayThis place is fantastic! What a great modern spin on Taiwanese food. My only regret was that I couldn't eat more!
The food tastes great, is affordable, and doesn't weigh you down like some other restaurants do. 
While we were eating we had the pleasure of meeting the owner, Judy, who is so passionate about not only how the food tastes, but also where the food comes from. She uses top quality ingredients and it truly shows with the food that you receive.
We will definitely be back. 5 Stars!First time there today and only had the baos, of each kind except for the fried chix. 
Baos were crafted with care, awesome customer service, and POS systems to order from! 
For the price I'd like to have just a bit more meat in my baos. But no real complaints!
Will be returning soon to try the other items.This is a delightful restaurant. We ordered two fried chicken baos, two kinds of dumplings, and a crispy beef ruen bing. They were all fresh and tasty. Chef/owner Judy Ni greeted us at the door and patiently helped us navigate the iPad menu so that we could enter a food allergy and preference for hoisin sauce. When I asked her how to leave a tip, she explained that tipping is included and that their staff receives benefits. As she put it, "The only tip we want from you is that you return as a customer." We're happy to oblige.Super tasty and for the fresh ingredients I think it's a great value as well. Great customer service. The  potstickers, fried chicken gwa bao, and short ribs gwa bao were all amazing! Highly recommendI stopped by this place while passing through Philly on a Friday. I was with a group of 4 so we were able to order just about one of everything and taste the majority of the menu. 
If this place was anywhere near my permanent residence I'd be here all the time. The food was reasonably priced, everything was fresh, and as someone who has had my fair share of Taiwanese food, was really impressed and happy with what they're doing here at Baology. 
Highlights for me included the veggie dumplings, which most of the time can be disappointing in texture and flavor. But the ones they serve here are delightfully chewy, soft, and flavorful. While chatting with the staff I discovered that they put in about ~10 different vegetables into them, and they're wrapped and folded on-site. 
I was thrilled to see ruen bings on the menu as well, since I don't think I've gotten to eat one in years. If you like savory/sweet and chewy/crunchy I really recommend trying one. We had both the five-spice tofu and the shredded pork. 
One thing I think most reviewers here can agree on was that the staff was pretty amazing, friendly, and helpful. We were pretty curious patrons, got a lot of answers, and learned a little about the people behind the business. I look forward to swinging by again.The food was good but they have to make some serious improvements to their work-flow if they want to claim themselves as a "fast casual" restaurant.  They have these digital counters for taking orders but tickets get to the line 3x faster than they can put out food.  Maybe if they had a single-file line system like Chipotle/Verts/Naf-Naf where people ordered food from prepped wells they would have an easier time serving their customers.  As it stands I had to wait 30 minutes for food which is pretty unacceptable considering what they serve and how they claim to serve it.I really like the gwa baos (Taiwanese bread bun that holds meat) and the ruen bings (Taiwanese burrito?) here. In fact, our party ordered additional ruen bings after trying them. They reminded us of "popiah" that we've had in east asia.
Go for the slow-cooked short rib gwa bao and the seared shrimp ruen bing.
I did not like their potstickers though. The potsticker skin did not have the right texture and had an overly gummy mouthfeel.What a fabulous place. So glad to stumble upon via Yelp. Needed something flavorful and fast. The bao here are amazing! They do a "bento" style box of three bao varieties so you can try a bunch of items and have a full meal at a great value. The Japanese fried chicken bun was AMAZEBALLS. Definitely get that! And the pork dumplings really well seasoned! And the beef Ruen Bing was probably my fav thing in the box. Hands down this place is a must in Philly! I wish I was a local to make this place a habit. Damn this was sweet!Love this place! So easy to order and food came out fast. Perfect quick lunch spot. The bao are delicious, I enjoyed all of them. Had the pork dumplings too which were the perfect size. Sauces were on point. Will be back to try the other dumplings!My husband had been wanting to go for months! So we went this afternoon for lunch and to be quite honest we were severely let down! We have had our share of Bao buns and the proteins in these simply had no flavor. If not for the added touches besides the protein it would be like eating air! The pot stickers tasted no different than your average out of the freezer and VIOLA potsticker!  We were hoping it would have been another gem on our list unfortunately NOT!This place is 100% worth checking out!  The food is excellent. I've already gone back twice :) Trust me, you will not be disappointed.If you have never had bao buns, you need to come here. Each pillowy little sandwich was a delight. We tried the chicken and the pork belly, along with ginger/garlic dumplings and cold noodles.  Delicious! With everything ordered a la carte, you can get exactly what you want or get one of the bento combos. 
We ordered online and they were just packing it up as we arrived. 
10/10 will return.Amazing fast casual spot for veggies and carnivores alike. They primarily serve Taiwanese potstickers, sliders ("baos"), wraps ("bings"), and bento boxes, as well as sides like pickled veggies. 
I ordered the vegetable potstickers and five spice bean curd bing. Love!
Baology's food is highly flavorful without being too spicy for those who don't seek heat. But if you love the heat, you should definitely top off your dish with their homemade habanero salsa!You. Must. Go. The Bao Buns are simply fantastic. If I was on a deserted island and the Baology Potstickers were all I had to live on, I'd be a happy man. I've been here twice now and the food feels great on my soul. The people working there are a friendly bunch which makes it an easy place to go back to. Swing by and give em a try. I don't think you'll be disappointed.baology is an interesting  addition to Market street given that it's a fast-casual Taiwanese eatery. The space is very clean and brightly lit with iPads that you can self-order off of to the right when you enter in. They have a pretty diverse menu, only a small part of which I tried on my one visit there. 
My friend and I came for lunch and ended up splitting a short rib plate and one bao each. I chose to get the pork belly and he got the fried chicken. I had the bao first which resonated with me on some notes and not so much others. I was expecting it to be a classic pork belly bao with hoisin sauce but they switched it up and went with the aioli. It definitely wasn't offensive and actually went pretty well with ingredients that typically go with a pork belly bao so plus there for making new flavors work with tried and true ingredients. What did bother me was the amount of pork belly within the bao. Given that it was $3.75 for one, I was expecting it to be a sizable slice of pork belly but it was extremely disappointed to see what was a tiny little piece of pork belly. In my opinion, if you want a real pork belly experience, you need to head to Dan Dan on Sansom and pay $6.95 for 2(!) pork belly baos. What's crazy is that Dan Dan is a sit down restaurant and it's cheaper and taste better than baology so minus points for not being a value play despite being a fast-casual eatery. 
The short rib plate that we shared was interesting but for $12, it's hard to believe that this is a worth while entrée to get for lunch on a regular basis. There were three pieces that were very flavorful but I wanted more! For $12, I'd expect more than 3 tiny little pieces. The plate itself did come with black heirloom rice and some other veggies+potatoes on the side which were also very tasty. 
All in all, it's hard to recommend this place and come often when the value isn't there. I think I will try their other offerings at another time, but I'm in no rush to go back.Had the wonton noodle soup.  Good if you're on a diet or want a tiny snack.  The portion was very unsatisfying and I'm not a big eater.  Dumplings were doughy.  Maybe they're supposed to be that way(?) .Really want to like this place but the overpriced food just doesn't taste that good. Wonton soup is probably a 1, pickles are probably a 2, short rib is a 4, dumpling is a 1.Very fresh, fast, inexpensive and super tasty. They have a vegetarian option in each food category which is a huge plus. The owner is very sweet and helpful. New go to lunch spot!Best baos in town!! The tea is also light and refreshing!! They also make their own hot sauce. Owner is super personable and kind. We were informed that all the food is freshly made without preservatives  Definitely looking forward to coming back on my next trip!This is the best Taiwanese restaurant that I have ever been to. When you walk in, the restaurant is very bright and the decor was minimalist. You walk up to iPads where you can select what you want to eat - with pictures for those who may not know what's what - or, you can just go up to the front and order with an employee. 
We had 2 bao boxes in order to try as much food as possible. Such a smart idea. We tried the chicken and garlic chives potstickers, the pork and shrimp and spinach potstickers, the Taiwanese fried chicken gwa bao, slow cooked short rib gwa bao and the crispy beef ruen bing and the seared wild caught shrimp ruen bing.  Everything was so amazing, I honestly cannot pick my favorite. I had to then place another order to take home because the food was so delicious. 
The employees were also very friendly and made us feel right at home! 
I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone in the Philadelphia area. Quick lunch, dinner, appetizer, whatever. Eat at bāo*logy!Loooooved it. I work a block away and this place is gonna totally revolutionize my 'I forgot to pack lunch' days. 
First of all, I want to point out that while the touch screen order pads are great because they minimize obligatory human interaction, this minimization isn't even necessary here since the staff members are all so dang friendly! 
Second of all, any kind of combo deal always makes my indecisive/fat lil heart sing. 
On my first (but definitely not last) visit, I opted for 3 of the garlic chive and chicken dumplings and the short rib bao (which ran me about 8 bucks- not too bad). Aforementioned friendly staff member made sure to give me a takeaway cup of their homemade hot sauce, too. 
The dumplings were GREAT. They're seared on the bottoms so they get crispy, and the filling was plentiful and flavorful. The bao was also sinfully good- my only wish is that they adjust the bun to filling ratio slightly- there was a liiiiittle too much bunskin left over. (Bunskin, what a gross word).
In closing, I am a big, big fan! Thanks for a delish lunch!Found this place randomly on yelp when looking for lunch close to work.  I am sooo happy I did because I would have been denied on of life's happy pleasures! Bright, clean and inviting is the first impression I got.  The owner is super nice and attentive.  And the food.... great taste, fresh and consistent EVERY TIME.  I've already got 4 more of my friends to go.  Love this place! Only downside... food is so good, your left with wanting more!The gwa bao with slow-cooked short ribs is incredible. The ribs were cooked to be so tender they melt in your mouth, and it pairs perfectly with the soft fluffy buns. The other ones are also delicious, but not as good as the short ribs. I also appreciate that they make the flavors more interesting by pairing the meat with unexpected ingredients.Had the pleasure of eating Baology on a number of occasions and have had most of their dishes at this point either through a catered meal or during a dine in meal. This place is always a fun, different option for the area and I enjoy it a lot.
As the name would make you think, their gwa bao's are really their standouts here. In particular I like their short rib and pork belly baos, but their king oyster mushroom is no push-over either. I've also consumed an inordinate amount of their dumplings -- all of which are great.
Staff is friendly and seating often available for smaller groups. If you're in the area and looking for something new to try, I would definitely recommend you swing by Baology.Amazing food! Amazing service! Great fresh quality ingredients :) get the fried chicken, it will
Change your life ! This is my go-to lunch placeI don't do a lot of reviews, but when I find a place that deserves it and has the combined good price and great quality I make the effort.  I have been twice and each time I was impressed.  
Went with a buddy who knew what we should order and was not sorry to turn over the reins.  The fried chicken was so good, it rivals Federal Doughnuts and has the added bonus of being a bit spicy. Take a chance on something new and order by sight or smell!
I would suggest Baology for either a work place lunch or a solid first date location.  It is large enough that you have your choice of seats, but not overwhelming where you can't find your table.The iced teas were amazing!!! And I was a big fan of the fried chicken bao and vegetable potstickers. I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a quick lunch that's outside of the normal sandwich offerings of the neighborhood. Additionally, the staff were fast, friendly, and attentive. The owner was on hand and checked up on us while we ate, which doesn't often happen at any restaurant, let alone a lunch spot. I was very happy with my lunchtime at baology.Very bright, primary colors, high ceilings, CLEAN.  Felt like a tourist in a mundane future ordering on an iPad. Fast!  The pork belly was excellent, really nice contrast with the crisp toppings and soft bun...  Someone else has already mentioned that the veggie pot sticker dumplings were not the usual dull deal... agreed!  I got some as advance checking for if some veggie friends come here... and they were not a sacrifice, but were just really savory and good, not mushy like at some places.
The Taiwanese root beer was interesting and had some taste I couldn't name at the edge of my sensation.
Staff all really nice, and whoops, almost forgot- good speaker stereo system, AND  nice playlist of new wave and off kilter disco... played a good version of Iggy doing "The Passenger" ... which felt appropriate, watching JFK traffic float by silently on the other side of the big windows.   
Will be back.
 == mcget / trophybikesPHLI had pretty high expectations for this place and I was unfortunately let down. I'll start off with the good parts of my experience. The place itself was clean and used iPads to order which made it efficient. The wait wasn't too bad either. After I got the food, it was aesthetic and looked fresh. However, after eating it, I only enjoyed the Taiwanese fried chicken bun. The rest were missed for me. I would come back for just that bun though.Great location for a quick lunch on workdays. Like that it has the combo for first time customers to try a little bit of everything (signature menu items) - potstickers, bao, wrap with pretty good sauce on the sideSoft opening review:
Stopped by this place for lunch today and it was mobbed. They have an interesting selection of gua bao, guo tie, and and run bing. Each food item is around $3 and they also have a few oolong-based iced teas, which are delicious! I ordered the pork gua bao and the spicy bean curd run bing. the run bing was very good (flavors were good, the skin was a bit tough), the gua bao was outstanding. The meat was melt-in-your-mouth succulent and flavorful, the peanut crunch was that perfect mix of sweet and salty, and the bao was fluffy. 
They do still have some kinks to work out. Orders are electronically done on iPads, which is speedy in theory, but the line of people waiting for food ended up mixing with the line of people ordering, which created a bit of confusion. 
The employees there are clearly very well-trained - they were friendly and worked nonstop the entire time I was there, with little to no error. However, while bao are technically a fast food, separately assembling three or four separate bao and placing them in the takeout box takes some time. As a result, the wait (including wait time to order) was about 30-40 minutes, and I saw a bunch of people getting anxious as their lunch hour slowly slipped away.
Baology's soft opening hours are 11-2pm. I'd recommend arriving either between 11-12 or between 1-2pm to avoid the lunch rush (I went at 12:15pm and by 12:50pm, the line had started to thin out). I look forward to coming back, but with how delicious the food was, I think this place will be quite packed for a while!Today, with the temps still being in the 20s I ordered their special beef noodle soup. Takeaway, in the traditional way of soup broth in one container and the ingredients in another. Without a doubt the broth was one of the richest, most complex smelling broths I've tasted. Many times the broth seems to be an add-on to the ingredients. Just the opposite here. Incredible!Disclosure: I'm asian and visit Taiwan.
Does not fulfill my Taiwanese craving but isn't bad. 
I got the potsticker, gwa baos, and ruen bings combo at $11 ( I saved 50 cents) 
Nothing was amazing the baos was prob the best. 
Potsticker the skin was way to thick. The meat to skin ratio is way off. The skin again was too thick to chew easily. The dipping sauce was excellent. Spicy sour sweet salty. 
Taiwanese chicken fried PERFECTLY. But kinda depressing one chicken and 2 basil leaves was all that was inside. 
Ruen Bing can't even taste the beef... Just taste like bread 3/10 
Good service.Best Taiwanese restaurant I've had the pleasure of eating in the states. The owner, Judy, is so friendly and always puts so much effort in the food and service. Can't wait to come back again soon and bring the rest of my family again.I have been meaning to try Baology for a long time and finally made it over yesterday.  Everything I tried was flavorful and interesting - in the very best way.  Their shrimp ruen bing was especially good and my only regret was that it was too hot outside to try some of the hot (temp) foods. I am jealous of those who work close by and can stop in more frequently. This is a gem!The portions are small for the price and the taste is just ok. I came here for lunch on a weekday with two friends. I ordered the short rib bun, the fried chicken bun, and an order of three chicken dumplings. The chicken had an awkward texture and taste. It kind of tasted like a chicken stuffed pork rind. The short rib was pretty good, but again, not worth the price. The buns were like sliders. For $3.50 each, not worth it.  The dumplings are passable. I haven't tried the burrito things, but they also looked too small for their price. I likely won't be back.My husband had been wanting to go for months! So we went this afternoon for lunch and to be quite honest we were severely let down! We have had our share of Bao buns and the proteins in these simply had no flavor. If not for the added touches besides the protein it would be like eating air! The pot stickers tasted no different than your average out of the freezer and VIOLA potsticker!  We were hoping it would have been another gem on our list unfortunately NOT!Awesome food, great space, and the owner is incredibly nice. Highly recommend. 
I had the "com-bao" the first time I went which was a great way to sample everything they do. I got the pork/shrimp/spinach potstickers, the pork belly gwa bao, and the crispy beef ruen bing. All were great, but the pot stickers were my favorite...some of the best I've had anywhere. Food is high quality and responsibly sourced. 
Also, really like the ordering system. You go in and order on a tablet and pay and then they just call you when the food's ready. Works really well.A true surprise! Everything was delicious; beyond what I expected. Very popular at lunch but worth shifting your lunch hour for this new neighborhood delight. The pot stickers and sliders were a real treat.Came here in a weeknight to see if this could be in my restaurant rotation. The pork and shrimp potstickers and beef ruen bing were on the bland side. The hsinchu noodles were also bland, but the pork was cooked well.My favorite picks were the fried chicken bao and sweet potato donuts were my winners. The fried chicken was your, crispy, and the sauce is light. The sweet potato donuts are like a zeppole's cousin. A nice snack shop, but don't try to make it your main meal. Not really inclined to try anything elseFood is amazing, and the service impeccable! Judy greets each customer and the staff welcomed me with open arms. I will definitely be returning. The  pot stickers were amazing and I can't wait to go back and try the short rib baos.On my visit to Philadelphia, I was looking for a lunch spot that was both delicious and quick. Baology was just what I was looking for. The staff was friendly, the decor was modern and trendy, and I was able to order and enjoy my meal in no time. I enjoyed two bao buns. The short rib bao, was full of a contrast of flavors - rich and cream and tart all at the same time. I also devoured the Taiwanese fried chicken. The meat was moist and crispy, and the seasoning was perfect. I hope that baology opens a second store near me... in South Florida - this place is great if you want a quick meal that's also delicious and filling.This place is pretty good. It's a hybrid Taiwan sit. Post eagles parade this place was clutch. You self order and pay: pretty convenient.Pretty solid and quick lunch! Two baos and a wonton soup hit the spot. Glad I stopped in.So delicious and authentic. Tastes like Mom's cooking -- I'm og from Taiwan -- except it's much more refined (sorry Ma!). Really pleased I work a couple blocks from here.Finally, a lunch place in Center City that gets me. I got the crispy beef ruen bing, it was fantastic and very satisfying individually as a large snack, paired with an additional bun or menu item would make for a fantastic meal. This looks to be the concept, like fast casual dim sum type of thing - Taiwanese tapas? 2-3 items mixed from the menu will provide a good meal equivalently priced to any other options in the area, only here you will get to have your choice of multiple proteins and dishes (burrito, bao, dumpling). The Crispy beef reun bing was essentially a mini burrito in rice wrapper. Very nicely cooked beef with a light batter/fry with sauteed vegetables(cabbage, carrot, onion I think) in a sweet and savory soy based sauce. It hit all the notes I am looking for. One option that would be nice as an add on would be some sort of cold pickled vegtable to add some acidity, crunch, temp variation. This is just a personal opinion that I would have liked-nit pick, probably not traditional to the dish. Love the concept, well done food, this will now be a major stop in my rotation of Center City lunch eats.I checked this place out because it was a new Taiwanese place in the area. You place your order on the iPad and there are pics that show you what the items look like on the menu. I tried the spiced pumpkin potstickers and those were good but it was a bit on the pricey side for 3 small dumplings. The hsinchu rice noodles texture were hard and the "dressings" in the noodles were sour. I also got the com-boa which is worth the money. I picked the 3 seasonal vegetable potstickers, king oyster mushrooms gwa boa and the spiced bean curd Ruen bing. It's different compare to the food places around the area, but there's room for improvement.I've been coming here since it opened and have yet to be disappointed. I've tried a lot of the menu and all of it is tasty. The only thing I didn't like was the chicken soup. Very bland and a little too oily.
My favorite is the crispy beef ruen bing. It's like a burrito packed with veggies and crispy peanut powder. The powder adds another layer of flavor and texture. All of the gwe baos are good and I go with whatever I'm in the mood for. All are packed with their own flavor and the bun is super soft. If you're not sure what to order I suggest getting the Gwa Bao Trio. It's only $11 and I can't finish it. Also, make sure you get hot sauce. I have a high tolerance and don't think it's that hot.  I'm sure some people would disagree with me though! 
Staff is always super friendly. One of the owners always comes out to greet customers. Ordering is easy with the touch screens and you get your food fairly quickly!I can't understand why this place isn't slammed at every minute.  It's delicious, quick, affordable and creative.  I love this place, it's amazing.  The bao is tender, the potstickers are everything I want them to be and the sauces are great.  
Vegetarians will find some goodness here.  I certainly have.  The meat eaters in my life are also thrilled with the chicken options as well.  You just can't really go wrong.We were visiting from NYC and wanted a quick lunch option that wasn't going to be too heavy. Baology popped up on yelp and we were eager to get into some bao. The service was excellent- very friendly and fast. You could order in person or on iPads which is probably really helpful when it's busy. The bao are delicious. My favorite was the short ribs. My girlfriend loved the fried chicken. The veggie potstickers were also excellent. Try the hot sauce if you want some extra kick! We would definitely come back for lunch in the future if we lived in Philly!We live across the street and just came here for the first time.  It won't be the last.  I had the com-bao which was a delicious and filling lunch.  It's very casual and no frills, suitable for a fast lunch or take out, but the staff is super friendly and helpful, it's spotlessly clean, and every bite is full of flavor and texture.  Definitely worth trying.This place is amazing! I had ordered it for a small get together! The bao buns are spectacular! The fried chicken is so savory, moist, and has i believe a honey glaze of some sort on the outside. I absolutely loved what I got and am eager to go to the restaurant and sit down. It's conveniently located. Would highly recommend!Soft opening review :
Beyond excited that a place like this is opening near my work. Quality options in walking distance of center city are hard to come by, this place fits the bill for proximity.
Customer skills - check! Greeted as soon as I enter despite throngs of people about. Staff is super amiable, informative, repeatedly apologetic on the wait (about fifteen minutes) - a business invested in its clientele and their experience? How refreshing!
The food is on point. For one person an order of potstickers, one Gwa Bao (or more!) and one Ruen Bing should be enough to get you started. I ordered a little bit of everything and also because, I am a glutton. Potstickers (you can do a single, three or six), Gwa Baos, and a Ruen Bing (the heartier, and biggest portion of the three).  
My faves? The chicken and chives potstickers, perfectly crispy pan-fried, tender insides and the Gwa Bao slow cooked delectable short rib in the fluffiest of buns - heaven!  Because the place is still in its soft opening the entire menu isn't currently available, but go there anyway and experience joy. Both in food and for the service that's just so darn nice. A breath of fresh air in more ways than one!
I will be a repeat offender at this place!