Cadence has a wonderful new rustic vibe and AMAZINGLY thoughtful dishes. The 4 course menu is a must to get the full flavor experience. The chef and staff not only provided us impeccable service, but plenty of information about the inspiration of all of their unique dishes. 
For those who like tea, definitely try the tea tasting - unique and exceptional.The chicken wing 2nd course was way under-described on the menu. They downplay the fantastic fish sauce vinaigrette that delicately dresses the shredded crunchy Napa cabbage and the perfectly chosen mango slivers (just a bit firm yet sweet and tender next to the cabbage). The chicken wings were cooked well and still moist (I would've preferred them to be more crispy in the skin area) but whatever sauce (a chili sauce something or other) was on them (2 total) was lost in comparison to the salad dressing. The oyster mushroom on the half shell was amazing! The mushrooms were great, the halved and roasted sunchokes were tender inside and wonderfully crisp on the skin sides. The delicate greens on the side were both garnish and delicious. Pickled watercress is a must try if you're into that green. I was told the other slightly salty green was borage which I don't think I've ever eaten before but would definitely eat again here. I would NOT get the market priced pork shoulder chop again simply because it was a bit salty for my liking and I didn't think it was cooked well enough but any more cooked and it would've been ruined due to the cut. Hard to hate really. It was done right but just not my cut of pork (cup of tea turn of phrase). As far as sides to the pork we (it was a dish for two only) thought the meagerly proffered portion of charred romaine with a buttermilk ranch dressing was only an afterthought and could've been more creative and included more vegetables to round out the course. The first two courses had a lovely array of seasonal and local veggies but sadly the pork was left to fend for itself and it didn't hold up well. But it was beautiful to look at! On to dessert. My chocolate tart was rich, moist, and only moderately sweet. You can't really taste the beet jam but you know it's a part of the terrine designed malted chocolate tart by the difference in texture. The whipped ricotta really rounded out the thin slice of decadent chocolate heaven. My husband had the oat milk strawberry dessert and it immediately put me in the mind of a Good Humor Strawberry Shortcake popsicle from my ice cream truck days of my youth. The sesame seed topping added a unobtrusive crunch that blended well with the total mouth feel of the dish. And every dish was plated beautifully and hot if it was supposed to be. My two biggest pet peeves with fine dining... ugly plates and cold plates.  My husband's smoked fish on toast was good but he feels the bread was cut too densely and the topping didn't get as much time to shine on the palate because of that. Basically the piece of toast was too thick for its topping, but I can say without having eaten it that it was a beautiful plate and the toast seemed adequate to hold up to the very thick and creamy scallion cream cheese, smoked fish, steel head trout roe, pickled red onion topping. The dandelion dumplings are something to drive across town for but order a couple if you're hungry because this is a tasting menu type of spot and that dish is so good you're gonna want way more than they give you. That is my take on Cadence near 2nd on Girard for dinner. Now here's the real takeaway... the next morning when I awoke I decided to search OpenTable for brunch options and Cadence showed up with an availability. Imagine how good dinner must've been, fantasize if you will how accommodating the staff and seating arrangements are, that I got so excited to take my kids there to share the experience that their father and I had had the night before. The brisket sandwich was the best I've had (sorry To my Jewish friends) and the lamb wrap was killer too says my hubby. You guys just have got to try this spot out... TWICE!Nice new BYOB in the old Modo Mio space on Girard Ave. Dishes were carefully prepared and nicely presented. The servers present small bites between courses which are nice accents and surprises. We were there on the second night open and were impressed at how smooth everything was working already. Tried the PA Brook Trout with bok choi and scallops, which was very tasty and high quality. My dining partner had the ember roasted beets with polenta, leeks and avocado. We had the malted chocolate tart, shaved ice and Reanimator coffee to finish. The space and service was low key and friendly. Looking forward to returning.I was going to wait until after my third visit to write this, but I've been thinking about it almost daily and can wait no longer.
Everything here is being served up by an extremely talented crew that has been around the block a few times. You can taste the product of experience and unadulterated skill in everything from the food to the service here.
Food:
Bison tartare (order two, you'll thank me later)
Kampachi crudo
Oyster mushroom
Dandelion dumplings
Alina duck
Elysian Fields lamb (obviously... EF lamb + Cadence...)
Any Happy Valley beef they have.
Eat these, and everything else too.
Please don't skip dessert. The pastry chef knows what she's doing.
I really want to emphasize the quality of the ingredients they use here as the it is evident in every bite. This is not a restaurant that relies heavily on sauces and seasoning to boost their dishes. I could go on and on, but this truly is a restaurant operated by a group of individuals that really know what they're doing. 
CL gave this place three bells and I must say it is very well-deserved. 
[Wines: NZ Sauvignon Blanc, Chenin Blanc, Willamette Valley Pinot Noir, and a Petit Verdot from our local Karamoor Estates]I loved my 4 course tasting meal here on their 2nd night in business. The service was efficient and warm, and the meal was thoughtfully and skillfully executed.  I wasn't very hungry going in, but I ate every last bite, because of everything I had was so good.  There was an excellent mix of flavors and textures and I applaud the level of cooking at any price, but at $55, it's a steal. I will definitely be a regular.  Welcome to the neighborhood, Cadence, I hope you stick around, because I'll be there.Wow, I was blown away. One of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. I'm going to have to make seasonal reservations as this is a place knows how to use the best and freshest local ingredients to create wildly creative dishes. 
My significant other and I made reservations at the chef's counter and ordered the four course meal which allowed for two dishes from each course for us to try. Everything was fantastic and made with flavor combinations i haven't seen elsewhere. 
The service was very attentive and the atmosphere was very nice. I could hardly believe it was in there same space as Modo Mio.We brought a bottle of wine and the waiter suggested some menu items that would match.  We had the Bison Tartare, Stuffed Chicken Wing and Duck.  All were well executed and filled with unique flavors.  This was plenty of food for my wife and I, the duck dish was large with a full breast and a side dish of confit.  Best BYOB we have been to in a while, it reminded us a bit of the old Django (if you can remember that far back).We had a good but not great meal at Cadence. 
Pros: the team here has done a great job with the interior, it's clean with good vibes. The presentation of the food is very well done, and everything is seasoned nicely. The plates all had a way of reimagining a classic dish with a new and unique twist, which we appreciated. 
Cons: After our server did a good job explaining the menu, we were an after thought for the rest of our meal. The $58 pork shoulder chop for two seemed overpriced for a mostly fatty piece of meat, potatoes and cabbage, but it was definitely tasty.Amazing. Some of the best food Ive had in the city. World class dishes, put very reasonably priced. Everything from the food to the ambience to the staff was perfect. One of my favorite parts was sitting at the counter and watching them plate salad greens with a tweezer.
I got the Beef tartar, the sea scallop, the lamb, and goats milk shaved ice. All was perfect and unique. It was done as a 4 course dinner for $60. Alcohol is BYOB, which is another plus.
My recommendation: go there, you will be pleased.great meal! we didn't do the tasting.. we ordered 2 apps to share then 1 entree each.  it was plenty of food! our waiter recommended a lot of things but wasn't feeling adventurous that night so we stuck with our usual preferences.
app 1: bison tartare
buttery, smooth and delicious! the mustard wasn't overpowering.  the beet rye bread is a nice compliment for the bison.  the portion is perfect for 2 to share and more bread on the plate would've be perfect!
app 2: seared scallop with broccoli
very delicious but not the star of the night.  i still prefer the aesthetic of whole seared scallop rather than having it in bits.  overall, there is nothing i want to take away from what's already there.
entree: duck with mushrooms
loved! breast meat paired with confit.  the best of both worlds! lots of flavor from the mushrooms.  i could taste a hint of high street in there lol if you're a duck lover, this is one to try~ just fyi it is a tad greasy from the duck fat
entree: lamb with grilled carrots
hmm it was one of the recommended but didn't see the appeal to it.  maybe the high profile of the duck overpowered the lamb... the meat itself was nice and tender but the dish itself didn't shine like the waiter's description.  the carrots could be smoked.. i thought i read black garlic on the menu description .. mayb it was black olives.. either way i tasted neither LOL so i think the smoked carrots with lamb paired with some yogurt sauce would be fantastic! just my pitch lol throw a little flavor of helm in there
overall, great dinner! i can't wait to return and try next season's menu!After a third round here, still just as good as the first two times. Very dynamic menu here which I love. The service is A+. Sit at the counter so you can see art in motion becoming your food.Great! From the moment we entered until the moment we left, service was wonderful. The food is delicious. No misses. We started  with the bread from lost bread company and roasted olives. From There we ordered the heirloom tomato and crudo. Both were full of flavor. We ended with the duck and the scallops. The duck was $60 at MP and for 2 people. The scallops were some of the best we've had. To drink I ordered the simcoe kombucha, yum! Very smooth and not as sour as other kombucha I've had. Just go here!!!!This meal I just had was incredible.  Cadence brings Center City quality to the neighborhood and with such warmth and love.  My friends and I all opted for the set 4 course selection menu which was wonderful.  The surprise was the most conservative sounding first course (squash and asian pear kimchi) raw dish was way more flavorful than one would hope for even.  I had the scallop dish then the lamb, all the food we shared was equally good and just a parade of wonderful flavors.  We were treated to lots of incredible tastes between courses including sunchoke cannoli and pastry puff filled with pickled relish and cheese.... so good.  For dessert I loved the shaved ice WAY more than I expected to and the other desserts were delicious and varied.  Everything was spot on.   We couldn't have felt more welcome as everyone there really seemed eager to make the night perfect for everyone.  
"WOW" is the over all grade!Everything we tried was fun and delicious.  The service was excellent.  The only reason why I can't give 5 stars is because there were no vegetarian/vegan entree's or small courses.Did the chefs tasting with crudo, scallops and pork, and the duck. It was amazing. As a  byob too, the value at their price point is fantastic. Go check it out!You can't spell decadence without Cadence. Every dish was complex yet refined and finessed. The space was intimate, cozy, and very homey. BYO is a big plus. I was very impressed with the service both FOH & BOH. This restaurant will be a great addition to Fishtown, and will surely be amongst the great restaurants of Philadelphia.BYO with a perfect set up -- 2 liquor stores right by and I think they have a wine pairing set up with one of them. The service was very polished and friendly, the space is beautiful and has this incredible wood smoke smell. All of the food we ordered was spot on (bison tartare, scallops, endive salad, duck, and lamb...chocolate something for dessert). Hope to be back.This place seems to be always packed no matter which day. Ideal spot for a date. Simple small menu is what I like. Food is like good home cooking - healthy and delicious. Free parking is fairly easy to find and some 30 min loading zones end at 6pm so you can park all night. Reserve!3.5ish stars. I rounded up.
I recently had dinner at Cadence with two coworkers. About two hours after leaving, on my ride home, I tried to review the meal in my head and I was hard pressed to remember what we ordered. 
After checking the menu online, I remembered we ordered the breads and cheeses to start (two separate appetizers). We all then split the squid and lamb tartare from level one. Then split the oven roasted tomato and herb dumplings from level two (I enjoyed the dumplings), then we shared the pork and duck from level three. All the food was good. My coworker really enjoyed the duck he said that was the standout. If I went back I'm not sure that I'd need to re-visit anything I had eaten. Finally for dessert we split the frozen nougat and the shaved ice. I did not like the ice. I cant explain why. The texture or the seeds? Service was just the right amount of attentive and very helpful with any explanations. My coworker grabbed the bill so I didn't see the cost but based on re-looking at the menu we easily spent $60-70/person. 
If asked whether someone should go I would say that the food was good. And when I say good I would say: good? (Question mark - voice pitching up at the end). Everything was well presented and tasted good but there was nothing I needed to revisit. It was good.We snagged a reservation at Cadence on a Monday night - it's a testament to place's popularity that 1) a weekday reservation was difficult to get and 2) the restaurant was completely full while we were there, with people still arriving as we left around 8:30pm. Cadence offers a set-price menu, $45 for three courses on Mondays, $65 for four courses Tuesdays thru Saturdays, which is a well-priced way to enjoy the restaurant's creative seasonal offerings.
For starters, I went for the tuna crudo served with watermelon, feta, and assorted greens - it was delicious and bright, a lovely summer dish. For mains, we split the Alina duck, which is portioned for two. I've had a lot of delicious fowl in my lifetime (it's basically my favorite thing to eat), and Cadence's Alina duck, with its crispy skin, succulent meat, lovely smoked flavor, and slightest ma-la tingle of Sichuan peppercorns, is one of the best I've had, and easily the best in Philadelphia. The accompanying confit, served with salad greens and bits of dill, was incredible as well. (There's a $5pp surcharge for the duck if you do the set-price menu - it's totally worth it.) On the suggestion of our friendly waitress, I ordered the frozen nougat for dessert. I loved the sweet-savory taste of the nougat, which paired well with the accompanying corn custard and summer-ripe peaches. I also got to try a bite of the rice milk shaved ice, which was light and lovely, a perfect dessert for a hot day.
The space is intimate, with maybe ten tables and a few seats at the counter in front of the open kitchen. It's amazing how knocking down a few walls opened up the space - it's hard to believe Cadence's current location used to house Modo Mio. I got a peek at the open kitchen on the way to the restroom, and all I can say is next time, I'll definitely try to get a seat at the counter!Surrender to Hospitality and everything will fall into place
There isn't a restaurant experience in all of Philadelphia that matches what Cadence prepares for you. From the moment we walked in the doors we received genuine smiles and a warm welcome as if you were invited to a new friends' home for dinner. Nick, our server, offered us water and brought over a beautiful marble cooler for one of our wines we brought. We chose the 4-course tasting menu and mapped out our dinner with Nick's assistance since our dietary restrictions were one vegetarian and one no shellfish. 
First, we started with the Tuna Crudo with watermelon, mint and caramelized yogurt and the Heirloom Tomatoes with brown butter, pickled mustard seeds and grilled cheese. Next, two orders of the Maitake Mushroom charred to perfection with a sweet corn succotash underneath. Nick then shared with us two complimentary shooters of a cantaloup gazpacho with turmeric and chili oil. For the main course we had the Ember Roasted Beets with grilled avocado and roasted cornflour panisse and Braised Chicken Thigh with picked red plums and collard greens. Finally we finished with Chocolate brown butter tart with whipped ricotta and cherry juice and the honey almond frozen nougat with apricots and custard. Then Nick brought over for us the rice milk shaved iced insisting we try it, it was the one dessert we didn't think of ordering. Instantly I was brought back to being a little kid in South Philly walking to Italiano's on Shunk Street to get water ice with my family. It is the MOST Philly dessert I've ever had, it's like you put everything Bagel seasoning on top of blackberry water ice. The manager, Andy, then brought over us their homemade nocino to finish off our dinner.
Both of us have been working in restaurants for 6-8 years and rarely can we go out to dinner and actually enjoy our time. When you don't receive the same level of service and hospitality we have to give 5-6 days a week at work it makes going out to dinner not enjoyable. At Candece, our expectations were exceeded in every way possible. For the first time in a long time we really felt taken care of and loved every plate they put in front of us. We took our time eating each dish because the flavors were so enjoyable we didn't want it to end.  Come to Cadence willing to be taken care and let the staff do what they do best! Thank you to the chefs, our server Nick, and their manager Andy for the experience. I couldn't recommend this place and these people more. I've never smiled harder than I did from the food and hospitality from Cadence Restaurant.We tried this new restaurant based on a Craig Leban review and the food was incredible.
Everyone in our groups of four ordered duck.  It was succulent and the squash that accompanied it was scrumptious. 
The appetizers that are group shared were the heirloom tomatoes and the grilled squid.  Both were amazing. 
Do not forget to order the bread which was so fresh  and so delicious.
Service was very professional.  Our water glasses were always filled.
And don't forget that this is also BYOB.Quite a delicious new BYOB in the city. Cool space, nice service, each dish was delicious, well balanced and well presented. Enjoyed the cheese plate, heirloom tomato salad, herb dumplings, sirloin entree and almond frozen nougat for dessert.Finally got a table in here. A lil lamb and a lil pregaming before we hit the city. This place is a good third date spot. Just fancy enough.One of the best restaurants I have been to in Philly. Very underrated and I know writing a review will just let more people know about this place but I have to give props because of the ambiance, service and amazing, amazing food! 
Go here!Came on a Tuesday and we really enjoyed the experience. We came armed with a bottle of red and white and did the tasting. Everything from start to finish was amazing. Trout crudo and smoked shrimp to start. Both had every single element you'd be looking for in a dish- even the incorporation of a hint of smoke from the wood oven. Next was quail stuffed with foie gras and octopus. Both excellent, full of flavor, and unique. Mains were steak and pork- we agreed the pork was a clear winner here (not to say the steak wasn't delicious, it was) but the pork was just so damn awesome. Pickled carrots in what appeared to be a mild vinegar, broccoli rabe, pork with super crispy skin. We don't normally order dessert but it came along with the tasting. Chocolate tart and a cheese plate. The cheese was funky and we used it as a reason kill the wine (it was just two of us). The chocolate dessert was amazing! The service was great and everyone seems to really enjoy working there. Well be back soon.Excellent concept and service. BYOB which is great. Good vibe, private, could hear, and talk with ease. We got the tasting menu which is one line from each section plus dessert. 
One line, cause we were slightly confused. Each "line" is a possible selection. You can order ala carte. For a larger group I think this would work well.
We each ordered our new favorites (photos to come) and shared as well.
I almost down graded to 4 stars because coffee and tea lagged dessert, a pet peeve of mine. But, it was a pour over coffee and so good and fresh and flavorful when I got it, back to 5.Has the potential to be great, especially if they remain BYO.  The two appetizers were terrific, but the entrees were a miss. 
Began with the scallops and the bison tartaer.  The scallops were of a very high quality and delicious, and came with broccoli pieces and lardons.  The one quibble is that they came in this ridiculously large bowl without a spoon to scoop them out.  Not sure why they were served in this dish.  If everyone ordered an app like this, then there wouldn't be enough space on the table.  The bison tartare was terrific - it was buttery with a vinaigrette they made from currents.  It also included a hard boiled egg that was salt-packed and then shaved over the dish to give it a salty crunch.  The firm, crisp beet rye toast was interesting and a great accompaniment for the tartare. 
The trout was mushy and not too flavorful.  The bok choy it came with was smoked, which made this rather boring vegetable a bit more interesting.  The duck was a little dry, a little tough, and lacking in flavor depth.  Oddly, it came with lettuce greens.  These were both a miss.  Considering the polish of the small plates, I'm assuming the kitchen simply needs more time to refine the entrees. 
Service was super enthusiastic and friendly.  The space was fairly warm, the tables not too tightly packed and it was easy to carry on a conversation.  The ability to make a reservation and pay with plastic are other pluses.A return visit nine months after opening confirmed expectations of how this restaurant would mature.  This most recent meal lands near the top meals of 2018.  
Began with the bison tartar.  This was well prepared and was served with sliced turnips in place of bread to accommodate a gluten free diner.  This may have turned out to be a better combination than the traditional bread.  The huckleberries provided a slightly fruity tang and there was something that added a salty crunch.  . 
The trout was a large piece of fish and from appearances looked like a salmon filet, with crispy skin.  It was well prepared and came over grits with broccoli.  The bevette steak, while cooked rare instead of medium-rare, was nonetheless delicious because it was of high quality and was very tasty.  It came atop some delicious mashed rutabagas that benefited from some slightly crunchy breadcrumbs, which along with the butter helped to soften the rutabagas astringency.  The bok choi, was charred and in a lemony sauce that elevated this otherwise boring vegetable into a satisfying side. 
The chairs were comfortable; the lighting illuminating but not too bright; and an overall volume in which you could carry on a conversation.  The only downside was they didn't manage their reservation book well and we had to wait a half an hour for our reservation.  Fortunately, the food made it worth the uncomfortable wait.First visit. Five thirty reservation after a matinee show at the Arden. They were booked steadily while we were there. BYOB usually keeps the costs down but not here. First shock was $5for four half slices of bread. Really? They offer four courses. Only a few options in each. None of the three option one choices were appealing so we skipped the 65 prefixed. Course two I chose the dumplings. First bowl were not hot so they had to remake. Very small portions. My partner ordered cauliflower which was fantastic. Beef in course three was excellent. Trout seemed more like salmon.  Decent sized portions. 3 Desert choices. I picked the pumpkin brown butter tart. Extremely small portion. No whiff of pumpkin but still sweet.  Dinner for two was $138 with tip and of course no booze. Service was slow but not unacceptable since we were with friends and happy to chat. Must be the kitchen since there were plenty of servers.  Maybe reduce the costs by 30 percent and increase the portions by 15% and we'll be back. It's not NYC it's Fishtown.Came here over the holidays and it was an incredible experience. It was nice that everyone at the table was not required to do the tasting menu if one guest decided to. The standouts were the cauliflower and the duck. The shaved ice dessert was also a delicious way to end the meal. The service was also excellent and our server was very knowledgeable and attentive.Cadence is the place to go if you enjoy inventive dishes with unique flavor profiles. The four course tasting menu is a good option if you want to try one thing from each section of the menu including dessert. There was one vegetarian option per each course that I selected. The menu had some changes from what was listed on their website. 
The dandelion dumplings were delicious and so flavorful. In fact my friend tried one and decided to order the dish in addition to his other courses because he liked them so much. The roasted beet dish was very different from anything I've tried before and was unique. 
The space is simple, cozy and intimate. The staff is relaxed and friendly. They have a small counter for service but mostly small tables. I saw a large party while dining that they accommodated by pushing the tables together.  Definitely recommend a reservation.Came here a couple of Thursdays ago. Everything was delicious! It's def one of the better byob's in Philadelphia. You can't beat the price for the quality! I would def go back again. And I can't say that often!Delicious, thoughtful food. Recommend tasting menu. The octopus and duck dishes stood out. But between four of us, we didn't order one thing that wasn't delicious.very, very good. some noise reduction wouldn't hurt.This is your typical fishtown/ Northern liberties head up my own ass , I am better than you  millennial  Atmosphere and menu. Trying to be something better than what they really are. Overpriced and sub par. Save your time and moneyDelicious food with generous portions for each course. We ended up sampling almost everything because each person in our party ordered something different. The beef tartare, sweet potato chorizo, and trout in particular were fantastic! Our servers were lovely and warm. Ambience was nice, trendy, and comfortable. Recommended for weekend dinner - the price point was on the higher end but worth it for the amount and the quality of the food.Congratulations to Cadence on its well-earned listing in the Bon Appetit Top 50 new restaurants in America for 2018. It is well deserved. 
While others are giving 5 star reviews, I'm not that convinced. There is no doubt about the warm hospitality, the attentive service, and the delicious taste of every food item that I experienced. I enjoyed the bread, the tuna crudo with watermelon, the prawns, the gnocci, and the mackerel in a buttery exquisite sauce. No complaints on any of it -- the prawns, though limited in portion, are the best prawns I've ever had outside of Greece. I also appreciated the BYOB option.
What would allow me to give a 5 rating? For Philadelphia, the prices are a bit steep for the amount of the portions. It is truly a tasting menu, and you will need several small plates to satisfy your appetite most likely. The total for 2 of us with four small plates was about $100. Not bad in San Francisco where I live, but just a word of caution to Philly locals. But most importantly, we had some long gaps in between dishes that could have been awkward on a special occasion or a date. We waited about 20 minutes for the crudo, which is raw, and then there seemed to be about a 15 minute gap between each service. This is too long, and it wasn't even the weekend. Beyond this, it was a perfect evening, punctuated by the very gracious engagement of the staff.My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try after Food & Wine named it the #1 best new restaurant. We came on a Saturday at around 8 pm. The place was packed with only two small tables open. We sat at the counter as it was the only thing available when I made the reservation. We decided to go for the four course as we wanted to try a bit of everything and this seemed to be the most value for money. Every single dish we had was outstanding. We ordered the smoked shrimp and roasted beets, the herb dumplings and octopus, the pork and maitake, and finally the rice pudding and semifreddo. Each dish was better than the one before. The smoked shrimp, herb dumplings, maitake and rice pudding were the stars for me. All of the dishes are unique and inventive, a fun play on textures, flavors, colors. In addition, the service was unparalleled. Our server was incredibly attentive, checking in after each dish to see how we were doing and quick to refill our water and wine glasses when they were empty. Will definitely recommend this place to everyone and come back very very soon!tl;dr don't judge a book by its cover -- Cadence's unassuming exterior is a stark contrast to the eccentric ambiance and unorthodox menu at this New American BYOB
Cadence. Noun. A modulation or inflection of the voice.
This restaurant does an exquisite job of inflecting the archetypal New American restaurant, everything from the atmosphere to the menu, into an eccentric and innovating experience.
Cadence is a corner store off a side street of Girard. Sitting among a row of houses, the exterior is nondescript with only cursive lettering along an unassuming glass door. The entryway opens up into a long, narrow space. The mood is intentionally dark, as thin quilts hanging in the small window to mute out the natural light. Soft earth tones range from charcoal on the bar wall to the grey upholstery. Only a handful of tables, each decorated precisely with candle and cutlery, lie between the entryway and the sushi-style wooden bar. The walls are adorned with an eclectic assortment of modern artwork. Above the bar is a shadow box of pressed flowers and cupboards filled with knickknacks. Pelts and sheets are used thoughtfully as dividers within the otherwise straight space, generating a cozy number of spaces/ nooks and crannies.
My partner and I visited this past weekend, expecting the tried-and-true New American dining affair. Tasting menu? Check. BYOB? Check. We arrived early on a Friday evening, and Cadence was about half full. We were promptly seated, and our server gave us a rundown of the menu as he uncorked our wine. For appetizers, we opted for the hirasama and the bison tartare; then, we decided on the herb dumplings and the octopus; as entrees, we chose the pork loin and the roasted maitake; and finally for dessert, the rice pudding and the cheese plate.
Our appetizers were admittedly on the weaker side of our meal. The hirasama crudo was served raw in a vibrant coriander vinaigrette -- each bite took the buttery fish through a roller coaster with a flavorful, acidic peak and a fresh sorrel finish. Yet, with only a few meager bites of fish, I was left wanting something starchy to sap up some of the vinaigrette. Meanwhile, the tartare, plated with cream and kohlrabi, was overpowered by everything spice, and the pita chip ended up making the meal taste too much like an everything bagel. Between courses, we received a palate cleanser (a tart nectarine soup with turmeric and chili oil) and an amuse-bouche (a kohlrabi chip with Asian pear and whitefish). For both, I was impressed by the depth of variety of flavor within just a few small bites. Up next were our two seafood dishes. The dumplings were like softer, grainier gnocchi, filled with herbs and topped with a pepper butter and shellfish ragu. The toppings complemented each other exquisitely, culminating into a rich, briny bite that I won't soon forget. The octopus, on the other hand, was fried and served next to sweet potatoes, and topped with a citrus yogurt sauce. Drawing Japanese inspiration, this sophisticated take on tempura masterfully infused sweet and umami notes. On to our entrees, the crisply roasted maitake was served upon a bed of corn, pine nuts, and grains. The mushroom itself had a meaty texture and a distinct earthiness, which was emphasized by the seasonal vegetable. Then, the pork was plated in two ways: as a full loin and in slices. The smokey meat was contrasted by sweet and spicy apricot mustard, which were further complemented by savory gravy, roasted shishito peppers, and a white bean puree. I enjoyed mixing and matching the wide array of flavor profiles so that I discovered something new in each bite. For dessert, we began with the rice pudding, which drew upon the strong sweetness of raspberry, then evolved into a comfortable hazelnut. Toasted zucchini cake made for a nice crunch.
Finally, we ended our meal on the cheese plate, plated with beer nuts, milk crackers, and a plum rhubarb jam. Our two kinds of cheese, a crumbly sheep cheese that was reminiscent of parmesan and cheddar and a slice of soft, gamey buffalo cheese, were the perfect way dish with which to finish our wine. Now, I knew that our meal had been long -- the lights were dimmer, the chatter was heartier, most of the tables had been turned -- but I was surprised to check my watch and find it had been nearly 2 and a half hours. The wait staff had not been at all pushy about hurrying our meal along. As we sipped the last of our wine, we noticed a line forming at the door.
At $68 per person for the 4-course tasting menu, Cadence may seem on the pricier end of Philadelphia dining -- yet, I can count on one hand the number of dining experiences that have matched Cadence.Cadence was absolutely excellent. I had called a few days prior to our reservation to request a specific table. Rather than just "writing down the request" like many restaurants, the host took the time to make it happen and call me back to confirm that he got it done. From that phone call until the moment we walked out the door at the end of the evening, everything was perfect. Ambiance is classy chic, service was outstanding, and food was impeccable. We pre-ordered the duck and highly recommend it. We order the duck for two all around the city, and sometimes we feel that there isn't enough for two people. However, there was so much duck that we took some home. Definitely recommend! It won't disappoint!hiramasa crudo: sorrel, sesame, coriander vinaigrette - 9 out of 10
razor clam ceviche: snap peas, radicchio, brown butter - 7/10
bison tartare: English peas, caraway cream, everything spice, caraway rye toast - 8/10
octopus: sweet potato, black olive, citrus yogurt - 11/10
spiced cauliflower: beluga lentils, bread cheese - 8/10
carrot dumplings: shellfish ragu, pickled pepper butter - 7/10
plowshare farms pork: escarole, white beans, n'duja - 9/10
alina duck: cipollini, trumpet mushroom, sichuan - 9/10Wow.  We just walked out of Cadence following a spectacular four-course meal, and I couldn't wait to write this review to let everyone know that they really must try this restaurant.  I went to Cadence based on positive word of mouth, and I simply had to add my voice to the well-deserved praise.  The food was complex, innovative and -- absolutely delicious.  The service was impeccable.  What a great dining experience.  Honestly.I came here probably the second week after it opened up my dinner for four took over three hours it was very very slow every time we asked about the items the kitchen was working on it. One person ordered the fish with shellfish on the side shellfish had a very weird taste to it
I don't mind spending a lot of money for dinner if it is excellent but this food was mediocre and service from the kitchen was so poor we were very very disappointed.
The place is beautifully decorated it's a shame that it has not gotten off on the right footDisappointing. My husband and I went to here on a Saturday night and were seating right away. Our waitress came by and explained the menu, but didn't go in depth through each dish, basically just explained that the rabbit and duck cost extra. The herb dumplings were very fishy. The desserts were terrible, the chocolate bread pudding was dry and rough, and the ricotta mouse cake had little flavor. For $68 per person, we were expected to be blown away, which we were not.Listen, if you have a well defined palate, this is not the place for you. Though, my boyfriend and I can both admit we are a little on the boujee side, so this review may be a little too harsh. 
We got the 4 course meal and started off with the bison tartare and tuna crude. Both were good but nothing fantastic. My boyfriend did, however, really enjoy the bread that came with the tartare. We got the fried octopus for our second course which was honestly the high point of the meal and our absolute favorite. This might have been the best octopus I've had thus far. We also got the herb dumplings which were also just okay.  For the entrees we got the beef bavette and the happy valley pork, which were both pretty mediocre. The beef bavette was super chewy so I wasn't the biggest fan. And for desert we got the chocolate tart which was okay and the apple cider shaved ice, which neither myself or my boyfriend were a big fan of. So for $65 a person, I don't think the meal was worth it.
However, the service was great and the wait staff was super friendly! We even got some complementary things throughout the dinner.I was excited to try this place since hearing all the good reviews. I was slightly disappointed. The first 2 courses were tasty but nothing memorable. My husband and I had the marinated mushrooms, wagyu tartar, herb dumplings and stuffed squid. The mushrooms and tartar were both slights too acidic. The herb dumplings were good. It tastes like gnocchi with a seafood broth. I liked it but my husband found it too strong. The squid was fine but nothing special. The best dish and redeeming point was the duck. It was amazing! The leg was crispy and the breast was so tender. The duck was not gamey at all. The sichuan sauce and mushrooms were a great complement to the dish. The portion was very large, but considering it was a $6 supplement per person I expected it to big. Desserts were disappointing as well. The chocolate bread pudding was too tart with the yogurt and pomegranate. The pumpkin semifreddo was better of the two. Overall, I felt the experience didn't live up to the hype or price. The service was very good though and the ambience was nice.This was an amazing dining experience. We decided to try Cadence since we live close by in fishtown and have heard good things. Looking at the menu everything sounded good but nothing really jumped at us. Happy to report that the menu descriptions really undersold the food. Every dish was more amazing than the next. 
We started with the mushrooms and crudo. The dressing or sauce on the mushrooms was absolutely delicious. The crudo was fresh and even my anti-raw boyfriend loved it. 
Our seconds were our favorite course. We got the dumplings and octopus. The seafood dumplings were tiny dumplings and almost more of a pasta. They were packed with seafood and there were even pieces of fish in the sauce. The octopus was the best octopus I have had in Philly. Hands down. The texture was unbelievable and it had a nice spicy sauce on the fish. 
For our mains we had the pork and trout. The pork was just good. We probably wouldn't order it again. The trout was a stand out. Fish was perfectly cooked and flaky. The carrots and lentils that accompanied it were equally delicious.  
For desert we had a cheese and the chocolate bread pudding. The cheese was awesome. Bread pudding not so much my thing but still tasty. 
We also liked how the courses were timed. We did not feel like we were being rushed out and really got to enjoy the food and our time there. Overall great food and friendly, prompt, knowledgeable service.Cadence is a small BYO that's a young chef's dream. I love the innovative menu and the energy of the place. Loud and bustling. But crowded and a little cramped. As we waited stuffed into a corner (with someone else's dirty cups on the chair) 15 minutes past our reservation to be seated (with minimal attention and consolation), I thought, "they are really trying to fit as many people in here and probably are booking their reservations too close to each other." I empathized though. Philadelphia makes it possible for young people to start new ventures on the cheap, relying on their culinary prowess to carry them to the next level.
So even though the service left something to be desired, we were comped our desserts for our inconvenience. And the food was very good. Beautifully orchestrated and balanced. The small dishes that started our four-course prefixe meal (three options at each course) were curated gorgeously and full of variety. The wagyu beef tartare, and the crudo that started us were delicious. The dumpling seafood ragu as well as the n'juda stuffed squid were both new flavor combinations that really worked. And the nearly one-and-half-pound lamb shake with seasonal vegetables was bountiful. The shank itself might be been slowcooked a little longer, but the vegetables it resulted in were delicious. I still have the bone.
Ending with a cheese plate for my partner, and the delicious pumpkin semifreddo made our evening worth it.
Bottom line: a year and half in, Cadence has some wrinkles to iron out, but it's understandable in many ways. The food is worth the tight fit though.Exceptional experience. We enjoyed the 4 course pre-fix option for $68 with the dessert cheese supplement. The amuse-bouche was a nice surprise. Every course was well done and creative, presentation was nicely executed. The service was spot-on. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed it and looking forward to their fall/winter menu.A restaurant that tries to be Modo Mio (the previous owners) but isn't. Terrible customer service. Very overpriced:We came shortly after they opened. They gave us some of the new non-alcoholic drinks to try. The food was great! The vegan items they brought out were great. The rest of my party loved their food. I definitely think the first few dishes were better than the last few. Nick P. was our waiter and he was incredibly patient. My friends may have brought a bottle or 2 too many and they were pretty loud, but Nick patiently stood by and explained all the dishes as they brought them out. 
The service and non-alcoholic drinks were fantastic. I loved the food but the last dish or two weren't as great as the first few. I would check out this place if you want to try something new!We came to this place for dinner. The place is so amazing with a very nice atmosphere and the ambiance was great. The service was smooth and fast. The place was also welcoming with top notch customer service. The food, drinks, atmosphere, design and the customer service is great. We had a good dinner.Leaving a honest review. We were out celebrating  with an other couple on a Sunday evening at 7pm. Nick was informative about confirming our reservation and moved us indoors due to the weather conditions. We greatly appreciated the accommodations and arrived at the restaurant on time. We were greeted and seated at our table. Our waiter introduced himself and went through the CDC guidelines as well as the mandatory 90min table limit. We ordered all the appetizers and most of entrees that were available on the menu. We came to enjoy the ambiance and the food as this was for a special occasion. As our course were coming out our waiter repeatedly reminded us of the 90min time frame. He suggested that we would be outside of the 90mins if we added additional courses. It was shocking as there were only TWO tables on a Sunday evening that this waiter felt obligated to rush us out the door. You let us down. You let your staff down.  We expected better and would avoid booking a reservation with you again due to the absurd 90min restriction. Even through these strange times of Covid you don't rush a customer from spending money at your establishment. We will avoid doing business with you again. Some of the dishes were a hit but the service rubbed us the wrong way. Hope you have a better experience as this place seems to be a total gamble.Cadence is one of the best meals we have had in Philadelphia. We have eaten here twice - once was not enough! The duck and octopus kept us coming back, plus it is a BYOB which is always nice
The duck - The duck is for two people to share and is a nice sized portion. It comes two ways - the breast is sliced and cooked perfectly medium rare and is very tender and flavorful. The thigh comes confit and falls right off the bone
The Octopus - This is by far the most tender piece of octopus we have ever eaten. The crust is perfectly crisp without being greasy at all. And who knew sweet potatoes pair perfectly with octopus? I could eat this for the rest of my life.We enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Cadence on a Wednesday night. I was able to get a reservation, and they were awesome and accommodating when we had to change it slightly due to unforeseen circumstances.
The place is cute - low light and beautiful art, comfortable chairs and reclaimed wood tables.
I did hear after we went that a great way to experience Cadence is by sitting at the bar that overlooks the kitchen...might do this when we go back!
The menu is seasonal and constantly changing. When we went, we tried tuna crudo, herbed dumplings, grilled octopus and this amazing pork entree. Everything was delicious and while I wasn't super hungry going into the meal, I ate my fair share of all of the dishes! All the meat is responsibly sourced (and I think relatively local) and you could tell each dish was made with care.
And being a BYO, the prices were reasonable - even for the full tasting menu at $60 a person!
We will definitely be back to enjoy more of what Cadence has to offer!!!This was my second time at Cadence, and unfortunately the experience was not as great as the first time. The food was delicious, but the service left a very sour taste. The restaurant has the option of a four course tasting menu or ordering a la carte. Last time we dined, my partner and I did one tasting menu, supplementing with other items and sharing everything. I don't eat meat, so I have limits on what I can eat and we prefer shareable dining experiences. When we attempted to order one tasting menu with additional items we were informed by the server that the tasting menu was "an individual experience".  Any place we have ever been to that requires everyone to partake in a tasting menu has specified that on the menu.  Cadence does not do so. Instead, we get embarrassed by our server implying we were being cheap. We ended up ordering much less food and spending less than we would have because we were so turned off and didn't want to prolong the experience (actually considered leaving without food). The server also commented on how minimal our order was. The service declined significantly after our order- it was clear we were being treated differently.  Very terrible service experience and we will not be returning.Have been here twice before Covid and loved Cadence both times. Today wasn't as delicious as the other meals but I am glad they are open again and am always happy that they experiment with different flavors.Modo Mio used to be in this space on Girard Ave. and they must have left their heavy salt shaker behind.  Things were a tad salty for this physically aging, millennial acting, gen-x thinking, middle aged, expert eater.  Other than that, my one word description for this BYOB restaurant is "casual".  Casual service, casual menu, casual environment...yep, that's it.
The menu is limited to 3 or 4 plates for the first two courses and 6'ish dishes for the main.  You can choose a 4 course tasting menu for $65 or order a la cart...a la carte we did...didn't feel like eating all that food...tough to shed the lbs in middle age.  BTW, I was approximately the second oldest person in this gentrification-in-progress of Olde Kensington.
For apps, the grilled squid had excellent flavors, not much squid, nice crunch, finger lime, cilantro, small bowl serving.  3.75 stars.  The dumplings were soft pillows of wonder in a mushroom ragu, (a little too much salt), cashews, and a terrific charred kale.   4.5 stars
Entrees: both of main courses had the pleasure of sharing the dish with a very tasty and fresh new potato/brussel sprout combo.  First, the porchetta special had a nice crispy skin (I love crispy skin) surrounding a circle of fat and then a nice tender piece of pork belly.  Not the best pork belly I ever had, but very good nonetheless.  4 stars,  My friend had the roast pork loin with a little overcooked, dry piece of pork belly accompaniment.   The roast pork loin itself was a little dry around the edges but a nice piece of tender pig towards the center. 3.75 stars.
Dessert we split, of course.  A delicious pumpkin mousse cake, which did not taste pumpkin-y at all, tasted more like just fall spice, was not cakey at all, with some pear, dates, pumpkin seeds and a lovely not-so-sweet glaze-y marinade.  Very light, very small serving, which was just fine. 4 stars
For the neighborhood, I like Helm a bit better.  But this was a nice find and will return.I don't know how to begin raving about this restaurant. It's Chez Panisse but modern and less precious. Dishes were big and hearty, and so dang Californian. They fed us well, they really did. 
Acid was the common theme throughout the meal; we were delighted by how sour notes kept coming up to lighten the umami of a lot of the ingredients. 
I can easily see why the duck, served two-ways, is a crowd favorite and a constant on the menu. The duck breast was perfection - beautifully tender medium-cooked meat, served alongside an incredibly balanced combination of textures and flavors from the crisp and tart side salad, to luscious mushroom sauce. But I loved the confit even more. I had an ASMR experience cutting into the crisp skin, but what made this dish truly divine for me was the pairing of the meat with the sour/spicy slaw, that reminded me of an Indonesian version of slaw.
Another dish I loved was the quail and bean salad; I could just eat tubs of that bean salad for days on end. It has inspired me to go make some of @alisoneroman's bean stew. What is so special about this restaurant, for me, is summarized in this dish - it's so wonderfully complex; so many diverse flavors and textures in the same dish, and it absolutely works.
1. wagyu beef tartare, smoked cheddar, rutabaga, steak sauce
2. fluke crudo, shellfish aioli, smoked onion, charred radish, shiitake
3. corn flour panisse, smoked lamb, pickled beets, olive, almond
4. n'duja stuffed quail, bean salad, cornbread croutons, calabrian honey
5. keiser's duck, mushrooms, sunchoke, sichuan, sunflower
6. musubi
7. chocolate bread pudding, pomegranate, sesame oil
8. ricotta mousse cake, honey ice cream, cara cara orangeCadence you are truly awesome, I had an incredible experience here yesterday. Loved the atmosphere, and style of the decor. I am really happy that I wound up ordering Ember Roasted Beets, it was unbelievable, just a phenomenal taste. Staff are very welcoming. They're attentive, polite and always on their game. Certainly worth checking out if you're in the area.This place is byob and only serves a 4 course menu to all guest.
I started with the fluke crudo and my girlfriend got the marinated mushrooms. The fluke was okay but maitake mushrooms in my dish were my favorite part. As far as the few bites of the marinated mushroom I had, the vinegar was a good touch and complemented the grilled cabbage well.
Course 2 was corn flour panisse for me and herb dumplings for the misses. The herb dumplings reminded me of gnocchi and I didn't care for them, the smoked lamb on my dish was nicely seasoned and more to my taste. 
Definitely get the duck for 2 here if you can. The skin on duck breast was nicely crispy and just salty enough. I personally liked the seared duck breast better while dining in the restaurant but for left overs the confit duck was more flavorful.
I didn't care too much for my dessert which was ricotta mousse cake or the chocolate bread pudding that I tried a bite of. 
Overall a strong showing and worth revisiting when the menu changes.We sat at the counter right in front of the server's computer. Had to hear her complain the whole night about being in the weeds on New Years Eve. If you could charge every person an extra $25 you could have paid more staff to work. We read the menu would be elevated for New Years Eve to cover the "upcharge". When we asked our server she said the upcharge got you a seat at a restaurant on New Years Eve. Food was decent, but definitely not anything that deserves a return visit.This place looks really nice but the food is overpriced and  does not taste good. The food doesn't taste fresh, the flavors don't go together, and you're forced to chose from a few overpriced menu options - mostly stinky seafood. They forgot our order but played it off like they didn't, kept urging us to order more, and they add on random fees and claim it's for the health insurance of their employees. After dealing with the servers trying all night to sell us more and more food and leaving with a bad aftertaste, I had to write this review. I really wanted to like it!I love Cadence. Wish I could keep this place to myself but its just too freakin popular at this point. The food is absolutely delicious, one of the best in all of philly, service is attentive. Dod I mention it's a byo? The tasting menu is an absolute must.I now understand why this restaurant received the Best New Restaurant of 2019.  
My wife and I had a wonderful dinner.  We went for the duck, which was delicious.  Well worth the additional charge.  We started with marinated mushrooms and ceviche, next the octopus and dumplings, then the duck (delicious).  Finally, we finished up with the chocolate bread pudding and sherbet. 
As for the portions, since other reviews touched on this point, we were both full and took some duck home with us. 
I would highly recommend this restaurant and definitely suggest reservations since it is rather small.Dishes to gush over, with prices kept reasonable via the BYO policy and the convenient liquor store ac cross the street. Perfect for a special occasion, each dish had either something new or something familiar done perfectly. The changing menu means I'm coming back a third time. Friendly and helpful service to go along with all of that. One of my favorites in the city.I was a bit hesitant to go to Cadence after making a reservation and then looking at the menu before going. I am very glad we went.
The menu looks a bit limited and perhaps a bit funky at first but everything was amazing.
We both enjoyed the four course prefix menu in which you can choose any of the plates from the menu choices.  Between us we had eight different dishes and all were exceptional.
I highly recommend the scallops, the bison tartare, the duck entree and the halibut.
My wife and I are both foodies.  Personally I care more about good food than "the artistry of food" as some new restaurants believe in.  This was the perfect combination of a fully satisfying meal in terms of interesting tastes and flavors and portions and good service.qqCadence delivered one of the best culinary experiences I've ever had. Every dish was well-balanced and thoughtful. Some things to note...the herb dumplings are not for the non-seafood lover. They have a gnocchi texture and sit in a bed of seafood ragu covered in lobster bottarga. The wagyu beef tartare is almost like a riff off of a Philly cheesesteak with their version of smoked cheddar "wiz." If you opt out of the shared entree, the pork dish is excellent and may have been the best prepared pork I've ever had. Contrary to what a lot of reviews have said, I thought the ricotta mousse cake was light but a really good bite when you ate it with the honey ice cream and citrus. I can't wait to go back when they rotate the menu again.We had weekend special stuffed porcheta take out. It's very good. Will go back to try their full menu.Food mediocre and overpriced. Had to pull bad tomatoes out of my very small sandwich which came with chips, not a side.  Fries came after everyone else was done eating. Friend got an au jus sandwich and had to wait 20 minutes for the au jus.    Sides extra but should be included for the price . Poor service. Place not busy but waitress not attentive.  Water never refilled. The one positive was being outdoors with friends on a beautiful evening.Just opened back up on Thursday according to our server so trying to rate accordingly. Hate to say it but the food was not fresh- the crudo and Sam's dumpling were both fishy, the latter was inedible. Also the chicken tostada was off.  All the rest of the other dishes were adequate. Service was great, helpful but not intrusive. We had a table outside, weather was fantastic. 
Despite the positives, don't think we'll be back. Ultimately- lots of other places in Philadelphia to spend your money and have a better meal.Excellent service and delicious food. It's BYOB! Reservation recommended. The best way to try out their menu is to go for tasting menu. We were party of 4 and went with tasting menu and asked the chef to surprise us. Tried almost the entire menu. My fav in each course were: kampachi crudo, stuffed chicken wings, pork chop and pecan ice cream.  Everything is so fresh and very flavorful!! Besides the menu, chef also surprised us with few special dishes which were amazing too. 
Highly recommend this place.We came here for Valentine's Day and our experience was truly outstanding. At first glance, the restaurant seems like a simple neighborhood spot from the outside but once you walk in, you can immediately feel their personal touch of trying to make you feel welcome. Despite our arrival 15 mins after our reservation start time (due to difficulty parking in the area - you've been warned, don't drive here!), the staff were very courteous seating us and not making us feel rushed. 
Served a 4-course meal, we were seated at the chef's counter top with the perfect view of multiple chefs working hard to prepare delicate dishes for the small, quaint setting present behind us. With a set prix menu, we ordered several great tissues including the venison tartare mixed with cashew cream, huckelberries and beet rye toast.. and the seared tuna mixed with grilled carrot, brown rice and avocado. 
The Tuna was especially cooked medium well, full of taste and outstanding texture. The portions were appropriately small with enough "punch" to make you come back for more.One of the best quality and best value meals we've had in a while. $68 for 4 courses, and byob. Their menu appears to vary with the seasons, and they often have specials or a larger format for the entree course that is meant to be shared between 2 people. Everything we had was delicious, including tartare, fluke crudo (refreshingly, the fish was in larger chunks so you could actually have a more fully textural experience), smoked lamb on panisse, dumplings (with lobster bottarga!), marbled and tender pork loin, hamachi collar (tender, full bodied, crispy skin), cheese course, and ricotta mousse cake.
Service was helpful and not too intrusive. Space was lovely and cozy. Booked several days ahead for party of 2 for Saturday 6pmWhen I read about this place causing after august, I immediately texted my closest foodie friends and made plans to go ASAP! Soo sad that we didn't do this sooner! The husband and wife owners have been involved in some of the most notable restaurants in Philly like Will, fork, high street, etc. we all ordered from their 4 course prix fixe menu for $58 pp, I don't think there was any other option to order from. Lol. One of our friends was vegetarian, and they were able to accommodate and honestly some of her dishes tasted better than the meat version. I ordered the steelhead trout crudo, amazingly fresh and light with such a balance of flavors, the seared scallops (must get!) so naturally sweet and decadent with the creme fraiche, the Black Sea bass was my least favorite dish (it didn't taste as fresh or it was frozen too long), which was unfortunate. 
For Dessert I selected the berry sorbet since my friends had ordered the other selections. I thought mine was the best even though it was the "simplest" dessert but it definitely didn't taste like it with a cashew streusel and horchata! My vegetarian friend's sub for the dumplings tasted better than the regular dumplings on the menu!  
And it's a BYOB, with outdoor seating and the sweetest servers. Foodies, make your way over to this restaurant before it closes for good!Near perfection, every dish is tasty with a complex mix of flavors.  Desserts were underwhelming.
Came here with a group of six and had an amazing time.  Since they have a small menu we were able to each get something different and we all shared a taste of almost their entire offering.  Our first course wagyu beef tartar was probably the weakest because it plays it very safe but it was still very good, but the kanpachi crudo was out of this world.  Our second course offering's stand out dish was probably the cauliflower which was nicely roasted and just so tender without being mushy.  I enjoyed the trout and pork loin, which second of which was sous vied to perfection.  Even the trout was a big enough portion that everyone at the table got a taste.  Speaking of which, i'd absolutely encourage you to share your dishes, even if some of the items are not easily shareable.  After all this is what a place like this is for.  the only misstep for me was the dessert.  After such a fabulous meal I thought the sorbets were just too bland and didn't really offer anything special.  Overall though, this is one of the best BYOBs I've been to in a long time.  Get yourselves to Cadence.  it will be a meal to remember for a long time to come.Seriously one of the best meals I have had in my life, and I have had a lot of wonderful meals in many parts of the world. Look at the menu before you go and bring the appropriate wines. The place is not pretentious, so if you expect to be fawned over because you have a lot of money, go to a different place. But if you appreciate very well executed food served by knowledgeable folk, go there.The duck was the best part about this meal! Gamey and juicy. I am giving four stars for the duck dish. 
The marinated mushroom dish pretty good and refreshing, but there were too many seasonings sprinkled on top. I did not enjoy the herb dumplings with lobster- it had an extremely fishy flavor. 
Roasted olives were warm and tasted like your typical olives. 
The ricotta cheesecake dessert with the lemony ice cream was a great combo. 
The chocolate bread pudding had a rich chocolate flavor.So we went here once before with the Tasting Collective, which was a good time but a few dishes felt off. But as this was big group event this wasn't a fair evaluation. Tonight, however, was fantastic. The prix-fix menu was a great deal, with a very good price for four courses and the perfect portion sizes. We ordered literally everything on the (admittedly limited) menu and everything was fantastic. Plus BYOB! So happy to have this place close to home!