I've been loving this place since it opened.  JC the chef has serious skills which are mostly evident at dinner, but brunch is terrific as well. Great vibe, fresh ingredients, a super value. I'm so happy it's in my neighborhood!Totally awesome weekend brunch place that is rarely crowded! The location is slightly hidden on Washington, but the food is tasty: the vegetarian enchiladas were DELICIOUS. Reasonably priced meals. Loved the authentic chips and salsa that start off the meal.Heck yes to another restaurant opening on Washington Ave! This place has been open for about 2 months now and I finally made my first visit this past weekend--and it's not at all what you would expect. 
First of all, it's so well decorated and bright. It definitely lightened my mood and helped to start off the day right. And they played great latin music (ie, a latin cover of that song from Titanic). Secondly, holy cheap prices! $2.50 for a giant iced coffee, $7 for my meal? Yes please. Thirdly, my veggie enchiladas were delicious. A small bed of shredded lettuce, enchiladas filled with veggies, a nicely spiced red sauce, and topped with a fried egg. Yumz in my tumz. 
I wasn't a fan of the salsa verde--something seemed a tad off--but everything else was so good. I'm so glad Cafe Ynez is in my neighborhood and I'll definitely be back soon!I heart Mexican. I heart my neighborhood. Naturally, I heart Cafe Ynez. I thank Michelle for introducing me to this place because it's a great addition to the the hood. Only suggestion, I wish they had a few more options in the drinks department. I don't drink coffee and I while I love Jarrito's - I'd like some variety. 
The menu is simple, which makes me happy. I've ordered the fish tacos, shrimp tacos, chicken burrito and the chicken enchiladas. The chicken in the enchiladas was fresh and tender, but could have had a little more flavor. The burrito is fantastic and packs a nice punch, plus there are green peas inside. A first for me there, but I could get into this. Both tacos were good, but the shrimp taco special I had last week was f-ing delicious. When it comes to fruit salsas, I'm a wuss, but the pineapple salsa on these shrimp tacos was perfect. Start to finish, I loved them. I want to go back right now. Seriously. Right now. 
Service is great. Also, solid guac and haven't done the BYOT (Bring Your Own Tequila), but have heard it only adds to wonder of Cafe Ynez.Quaint. Good food. Plentiful servings. 
staff...friendly for the most part. I'd go back, but wouldn't go out of my way.Loved my first visit to Cafe Ynez!  The menu is very small, with a mix of breakfast/brunch and lunch/dinner items.  The pork sandwich was excellent!  Perfectly spiced and a great combination of ingredients and flavors.  I dipped my rotisserie chicken in guacamole, which was awesome.  The complimentary chips and salsa is a nice touch.  The place has a great vibe, is clean and bright, with comfortable booth and table seating options.  Can't wait to go back!I gotta stop ordering through TryCaviar, but seeing as my work building is so far from all the good food and I have a hankering for tacos during lunch, I can't help myself.
Nothing was remarkable or that memorable, but nothing was terrible either- hence the 3 stars.
My steak tacos were on flour tortillas instead of corn (pet peeve) and so, by the time I got it, it was a soggy mess- so much so that one taco I just straight up ate with a fork and knife.  The flavors were just 'aight- again, nothing amazing.  The sauces that came on the side, however, were tasty and helped kick the flavors of the steak up a notch.
My friend ordered the guacamole and seemed to like it.  I tried the chips, and while they were that nice homemade style, they had a funny, almost sweet taste to them.  Not a fan.
Another friend ordered the veggie burrito, which was actually done in a Greek style with spinach, feta and hummus.  While she enjoyed it very much, she said none of it was mixed together enough, so 1/3 of the burrito on the right was just a mouthful of hummus, spinach all up in the middle and hunks of feta cheese on the left.  A little more finesse and a tighter wrap could have made that better. 
Also, the rice and refried beans were lacking in flavor- the rice had peas and carrots in it and kind of tasted like what I could get out a box and the refried beans were underwhelming.  
Overall, I'd much prefer to dine in here and try my food while it's still hot.The food is delicious, the ambiance is nice, and the prices are low. We got the fish tacos, a burrito, the Mexican bruschetta, and tomato soup. Everything was delicious and the bill was only $40! It's a BYOB, too, so next time I'll bring some tequila! They even serve virgin drinks so you can make your own cocktails.What a hidden gem! Cafe Ynez is an awesome spot for some pretty authentic Mexican food. Don't be fooled by the location on Washington Ave. - this is worth a stop. The restaurant is small but cozy with a cool modern diner feel, and the food was great. They give you complimentary chips and salsa verde to start, and we ordered a chicken tostada for the table - highly recommend. My boyfriend had the 3 tacos for $7 deal (taco Tuesday) and I tried the Halambre. Both great! We also grabbed a churro on the way out - worth the $2. Our waitress was really nice and attentive, especially given that a table of 10 walked in behind us. We'll definitely be back, and maybe with some wine or tequila to take advantage of the BYO.Iced cafe mocha & chorizo breakfast burrito--delicious. Friendly employees & a cute place. 
Plus they have a couple tables outside so you can bring dogs. Enjoy!Meeeeeeh. We've been here for dinner a couple times and although the food is ok, it's not amazing in any way. I was expecting a more authentic Latin flavor (I'm Mexican) and was instead met by some sort of Latin/Mediterranean fusion in their only vegetarian burrito. Their only other vegetarian option is a kind of dry black bean burger. I'd give this place 2 stars, but my boyfriend gets a discount for being a member of NextFab so I'll let one more star slide for that cool collaboration.This is a hidden gem. The staff is super attentive and the fact that it's BYO makes it that much better. Great add to the neighborhood and authentic.I heard great things about Cafe Ynez so we decided to give it a try. Burrito was decent, tacos and salsa were just okay. 
The other person in my party requested no onions, they confirmed that was not an issue, however the food he received then had onions on it.Not a pet friendly restaurant. The only reason we choose to visit this very restaurant. Very disappointed, the guy who looks like the owner or the manager was not even friendly. Such a waste of a time going all the way there from our hotels.My friends and I were looking for a BYO mexican brunch and we certainly came to the right place. Small but quaint and festive with the ambiance of a latin american cafe. The mixers for the alchol we brought were amazing! The orange juice was very fresh as was the mango mint mixer. The food was phenomenal. We had some rounds of guac then for brunch we got the enchiladas and steak burrito and the rancheros. All EXCELLENT! The service (our waiter Harris) was phenomenal and our bill was so cheap we were shocked!! Highly recommend!Zack noted this isn't REALLY a Mexican place. It has chips and guac and cute margarita glasses, sure. But his steak burrito was more of a wrap, loaded with warm lettuce and too much sour cream. 
I had chicken tacos, which were a little more authentic, and tasted great. Two overstuffed corn tortillas for $7- not bad. Our server was less than enthusastic, but it didn't bother me too much. Cafe Ynez is very casual. Think of it as the less-mature lil sis of Loco Pez.
BYOB.  
I'd definitely come back to try brunch.Family owned feel. Had steak burritos and pulled chicken egg dish... both were awesome. Equally as nice were the people. I love finding places like this (gems).We stopped in here on a whim since we were visiting Philly and staying in the area. The food was excellent! Fresh and delicious. The service was great. I took off one star because the portions were not very big for the price. I would definately return.I was really excited to try this place out after reading all of the great reviews. Most importantly- if you are looking for Mexican-this is not it, this is more Mexican influenced dishes. Not in any way a bad thing. What unfortunately was a bit of a let down is food itself, not something you would go back for. Ok to try it once, but not in any way something that would set this place apart.The food was delicious. I had a steak burrito and my wife had a steak quesadilla with rice and beans. The quesadilla was better than the burrito, but the service was pretty slow. Will definitely go back for the food, but maybe order take out instead.Food was really good.  Our server, who I think may have also been the owner, was excellent as well.  Easy parking.  Fun, funky little spot.  Bring your own tequila, they sell the margarita mixers freshly squeezed!  Go, you won't be disappointed.We had breakfast (9:30 am is too early for brunch, right?) at Cafe Ynez last Saturday, as we were excited to try a new place in our new neighborhood. All in all, it was a pretty mediocre experience. The location is strange - in the middle of some home renovation companies/warehouses on Washington. We were seated promptly (we were the only table there, actually), but the table was dirty - when I pointed it out our waitress said that the previous server had forgotten to wipe it down (they opened at 9 am - was it dirty all night?). 
We were surprised that a BYOB open for brunch that sold carafes of cocktail mixers wouldn't be prepared for bloody marys, but that was fine. My partner ordered the burrito with chorizo, I had the chorizo & scrambled eggs. Both of our meals were... fine. My eggs were good, but the pinto beans were just OK and I could have used more guac & cheese (there's a tiny sprinkling), and maybe some pico? My partner like the burrito... fine. But neither of us elected to take home the leftovers. Coffee was actually good. 
Our server was nice enough, but ended up carrying on a long conversation with another person (who brought out our food - another server?) who was sitting and charging her cell phone in the next booth. Between that distraction and the rather loud music, we had a difficult time hearing each other, even though the place was empty. 
We'll give it another shot for dinner, perhaps, but sad to say that so far we have not been impressed.The food gets 3-4 stars, but the service and the attitude of two of the people working there is ridiculous (manager in particular).  This is the service industry, people.  Be nice.  Or if you cant, at least pretend like you're nice.  I would go back for the food but the 'tude that I got for no apparent reason will probably keep me from returning.  Hopefully the manager and Co. was just having a bad day.  Is it too difficult to smile and be friendly?Food was good, service was bad. We had a party of 8 and they seemed annoyed despite making a reservation. The waitress was really unpleasant and missed things like silverware and fish tacos instead of shrimp tacos etc. Our lime margarita mix was undrinkable but they did comp that. The food was pretty good but if your looking for a really authentic meal, go east on Washington to taqueria veracruzana. Their menu is bigger with authentic flavors. Guac was really good here though!We thoroughly enjoyed this funky spot for a tex-mex brunch. Service was terrific and the food was 4/5. They are a BYOB and the table behind us was enjoying a tequilla driven brunch, which we plan to do in the future. We will definitely be back to explore more of the menu!Went here because I was given a gift card from a friend. It is really good food and does not weigh you down. This is a very hip brunch-ish spot. For where it is and the establishment, it is overpriced, holding it back from being a 5 star experience. Tried to use the Yelp offer and the waiter did not know about it and offered to phone the manager but I was in a time crunch and had to leave. 
Despite the high menu prices for the area, I will return as I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food.I cannot say enough good things about this place. My parents are Mexican and I grew up eating Mexican food; when I miss them, I come here. I mostly come for brunch, but have hit a couple of taco Tuesdays and it was always been amazing food and service.  The guac and the salsa verde (which I ask them to put on my enchiladas) are to die for (almost as good as my mom's) and the people are so nice.  The real hidden gem, though, is the fact that they make all their margarita mixes fresh in house.  I have yet to try one that wasn't delicious. Bring some tequila and an appetite.  Best for brunch: the chilaquiles or the enchiladas (with the salsa verde).We've been to Cafe Ynez twice, once when they first opened and then again last weekend, and both times it's been excellent. 
Very good food, very friendly staff and very welcoming atmosphere. 
BYO beer and BYO tequila for their fantastic mixers. Great guac, great enchiladas. 
Highly recommended and an excellent addition to the neighborhood!Delicious chips and beautiful, smooth, medium spicy salsa verde. Seriously the best salsa verde. Pork tacos were perfection. Those tortillas made my heart sing. My boyfriend ordered a breakfast burrito w/ steak and loved that as well. I ordered a churro at the end of the meal and it was delicious - warm and freshly made at 3:30 pm. Our total for the delicious meal and an extra order of to-go chips and verde was $27 (after tax, before tip). Comfy booth with very pleasant shades drawn over the sunny window.  Loved this place.I live a couple of blocks away so I'm here quite a bit. First, this is WAY better and cheaper than Los Camaradas, so make sure to come here if you need a Mexican food fix. (Only go to LC if you need nachos.) I like the steak burrito the best. During the day you can try the espresso with horchata, which is sweeter than I like my coffee but still delicious.  
Like a lot of Mexican food in the U.S. (especially outside of the southwest), this is not authentic. But it's good for what it is. 
The staff can be extremely warm or a bit brusque. It doesn't really bother me either way, but it might rub some people the wrong way.The most under appreciated brunch in Philadelphia. There is never a line and I always walk away wondering why I ever get brunch anywhere else. Try a churro with the chocolate dipping sauce to satisfy your craving for a sweet breakfast, then try to resist drinking the rest of the chocolate sauce, then go for one of the delicious savory entrees. Lots of great vegetarian options too.Great little find. It's kind of hidden so you have to look but worth it! Food was great, service was awesome, my only issue is/was the place is very very small so if you don't mind sitting on your neighbors lap while you both eat then this is the place for you!!!I have been here several times, mostly good! The one bad thing is I tried to get a churro twice, one time they served it to me and it was hard as a rock, the other they gave me a disclaimer that they were probably not fresh, and therefore it wouldn't be a good idea to get one. If you're going to have baked goods at the counter they should be fresh!
I've gotten one of the salads (4/5), tacos for taco Tuesday (5/5 but spicy), and the vegetarian enchiladas many times for lunch (5/5 every time). The service has always been good, but I believe the first time I went the chips and salsa were not free. The last two times I dined in they were, which is a nice bonus!Great service, lovely people there.  The food was great and served quickly.  Serving size is large.  Fish tacos were fantastic, and their daily special with chorizo and sausage was delicious.  Breakfast burrito was giant and filled with flavors that meld together well!Soon after finding a booth we received chips, salsa, and a fresh juice mixer to healthy up our tequila. While we waited for our food, we were able to appreciate the deliberate diner-esque feel. It is a different ambiance from Cafe L'aube, slightly more welcoming, though L'Aube seemed better suited to be inside NexFab design studios.
 Fish tacos,  2 for $10, were nice plump tilapia strips with a perfect complementary spicy, sweet pineapple salsa and  hit of smoothness from the crema, avocado, and cheese.
Cafe Ynez also boats a rotisserie for chicken. Whole chickens are available to eat in or take out. A thin and very herbaceous skin contained a  smallish  but meaty chicken. The spicy tomatillo sauce is nice, but not even necessary because of all that potent skin flavor.
A whole chicken and 3 sides is $15.  Guacamole was good, as it usually is (except when its bad and then the cook should be slapped). The corn was fine, but the truffle butter that came with it was brilliant. And the slaw/escabeche provided that acid we are all addicted to now. A pretty well rounded meal packageThe food is delicious and the service is attentive!!! A true gem on Washington Ave.  I love the fish tacos and the Mexican coke.  I ventured out and tried the tres leches cake, ok divine!  This place is a BYOB and a perfect place for date night or a group dinner!  They have outdoor seating so you can bring your pup.  I give this place many thumbs up!!!I have no clue how this place got 4 stars...the burritos were terrible...no flavor, just lacking taste and extra spicy. The guac is extra, extra spicy. Will not be back.Cafe Ynez is a little slice of Mexico in Graduate Hospital. The staff is friendly and attentive, and the food is delicious. Tortilla Chips are made in house and are crispy near-perfection (I like a little more salt). It's BYOB, and they have carafes of mixers for the perfect mimosa or margarita. I will definitely be back!This place is fantastic.  I came in on NYE and they were able to accommodate a party of 10 people.  It's also great that it's  BYO - the regular margarita mixes however taste a little watered down though.  The flavored ones however aren't too sweet and are pretty good, but they did run out of them pretty quickly.
I've had the salmon dish here a few times and it so good that I don't want to try anything else.  I love the roasted poblano with creamy queso that comes with it.  The guacamole is also really solid.  I hear the whole roasted chickens are really great too, so although not really Mexican I'll have to give it a try.The cafe has a very fun retro scheme. The food was good, but a few things need tweaking. For example the churros did not come with chocolate. My breakfast burrito was tasty, but on the Washington Ave. burrito scale they only rank mid way. The service was excellent.Authentic Mexican. Fun classic Mexican eatery vibes inside. It's a BYO so bring some tequila and they'll provide the margarita mix. Perfect for brunch or an early dinner. Better Mexican cuisine than most places in center cityCafe Ynez just opened a couple blocks from me!  I stopped by for brunch and was surely impressed.  They are a small place with just a few tables on Washington Ave.  It's kind of funny that they're set between a bunch of marble warehouses but hey, I'm not complaining. 
 They had a simple menu with maybe 10 items, which is a nice change from the hoard of options at most places.  The menu consisted of some Mexican-style dishes with an american flare and all looked delicious.  I also enjoyed the upbeat Latin music playing.  On to the food, I ordered a breakfast cemita.  It was so packed with delicious ingredients and filling I almost couldn't finish it.  It also came with a side salad.  
Can't wait to go back!You're missing everything if you don't go here. Great people. Great vibe. It's what you want.We recently moved to Point Breeze, and we were looking for a local spot to try out. Our friends recommended Cafe Ynez, and we were not disappointed! Their chicken tinga burrito was great; it was filled with more meat than an average restaurant would put in. Moreover, the staff is so friendly; they gave us great recommendations and remember us each time we come back. Last night, we returned for dinner, bringing a bottle of tequila for some Blood Orange margaritas. 
We really love this place. We've only been living in the neighborhood for three weeks, but Cafe Ynez makes it feel like home!My first time here and found the food to be excellent. I got the chicken burrito. It is clear that the chicken was marinated and pulled!  Delicious.  My friend got the carnita tacos.  Cooked well and authentic he said. 
The only con is the parking. Ugh!  What a pain to find a spot.  Once you do, you will not be disappointed.I think this place is great find for the area, but I think the tacos were a bit pricey. I had the fish tacos (2 tacos for $10) and they satisfied my craving but it wasn't the the savory texture I was expecting. The habanero pineapple salsa combined with the avocado and queso fresco was a good combo though. The best fish tacos I had were in LA and I've been searching for an equivalent on the east coast. My search for drool worthy fish tacos continues!This was a great place sits right next to a collaboration workspace. Great feel and great food.So glad Cafe Ynez has come to our neighborhood! It's incredibly cute inside with a friendly, helpful staff. I got a rotisserie chicken with sides to go and it was such a delicious bargain! Well seasoned with very crispy skin. Great coffee too!Great Mexican food and one of the few places on Washington catering to the Graduate Hospital area. The food is really fresh and always delicious. I recommend the pulled pork sandwich and the chicken burritos, both of which are fantastic. Super tasty guacamole and chips as well. 
The place is BYO and make sure to bring your favorite beer, wine (sangria!) or even hard liquor. The place is on the smaller side, so call ahead if you are part of a larger group. If you don't feel like dining in, the pick up option makes this another one of my favorites in the area. 
5/5 would highly recommend for authentic Mexican food!Try this place if you are looking for a BYOB with great Mexican food for a good price! Awesome food and a cool environment! It's a great dinner spot, but you have to go early because they close at 8!Excellent "authentic" Mexican food.  Fun kitschy mid century modern decor.  Awesome that you can BYO tequila for margaritas!   I hope this place is a harbinger for more good places to come that actually serve OUR community on Washington Ave.There were 8 of us for brunch and each dish was delicious. I had hearty, amazing Huevos Rancheros with refried black beans. BYOB. Definitely recommend!Great food, great service and a very reasonable price. I went for dinner with friends and we ordered a wide variety -- it was all great and the lamb Cordero was cooked perfectly (the shrimp, ceviche and guacamole were impressive also). Everyone loved the food, the wait staff, the overall vibe and the fresh fruit mixers for drinks. A fun place that deserves attention!What a disappointment. Out for lunch, so looking forward from previous reviews. I was ready to order the Huevos Rancheros which come with 2 pork tacos. I enquired as to the possibility of changing them to chicken, was shut down completely. Waitress/chef would not make an exception. Did not even offer an up charge for the 2 tbsp of minced chicken. Idiots. Got up, walked.Good food bad service. I like the omelet and burrittos but don't like their strict rules you can't sit 4ppl table even when no one inside.I was working late one night, and decided I wanted some Mexican food, and for it to be something different. I went through the list of places that would deliver and I took to Yelp, like I so often do to insure it was a quality place. Cafe Ynez seemed to fit the bill.
Before placing my order, I looked through the pictures on Yelp. Man, those enchiladas looked goody good. I just wanted one in my belly stat. To my surprise, they were not on the menu to order. So, I dialed them up and confronted them on this travesty. I fully expected them to tell me how to make this dream come true. But no. The enchiladas are only for brunch. This made me sad.
But hey, they had other good looking things, so I got over myself. I got a Tinga Burrito and it was delish. I also got guac and chips, which was a home run. A week later, I ordered again and got the chicken tacos. These were a real prize. The rice and beans were really good as well. And, they make a banging horchata.
All in all, it was a good meal. Now, if they can up their game and make some dinner enchiladas that look, and taste, as good as the brunch ones I oggled, than maybe I will up my rating to 5 stars. 
Make some enchiladas for dinner!So you say you need authentic Mexican chow and you are near South Center City/Point Breeze? Welllllllll lucky you found this joint. Full selection of freshly made Mexican, some Spanish music ambiance, and a very friendly staff. The service was quick, the food was solid, parking was easy. Pen me in for another visit.We ordered a whole prepared rotisserie chicken for dinner last night from Cafe Ynez and it was delicious! We heard great things about their chicken so we were excited to try it, especially because it's right around the corner from us, and I never remember it's there. It blends in with all the construction and commercial shops along Washington Ave. The chicken was perfectly cooked and seasoned! It was super moist and flavorful, and the skin was a bit crispy and not too thick or chewy.
I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it was smaller than I hoped/expected for a whole chicken. My husband and I planned to have leftovers for a soup or something today, but we ended up eating the whole thing, along with most of the 3 sides it came with. The sides are also small, but perfect for 2. We got the mexican corn (Amazing!), the fried mexican rice (which was also good), and the refried beans (which we hardly ate) even though they were good, I just wasn't really sure what to do with a container of mashed beans haha. I dipped a couple pieces of chicken in it. Usually I like beans in a taco or burrito.  
I definitely want to go there soon for lunch or dinner because the regular menu sounds really good and the place was very clean and trendy looking. There was only 1 table seated when I went for pickup last night...I think it's too bad they are located in such a random and hidden area. It's great they are BYO and they have different mixers available that sound delicious.I got the tongs burrito and my wife got the soft tacos. Both were superb and full of flavor. I would recommend the burrito if you are a little hungrier. The mix of the Mexican rice with the sour cream was amazing. The ensalada verde salsa was paired nicel as well. Can't wait to try the lomo and the oven roasted chicken!Came here on a weeknight for dinner
FOOD-Great fish tacos with the star being the fish pieces-light and flaky, melts in your mouth! The steak burrito was also tasty
SERVICE-very nice staff, BYOB
Overall the food was good but just not amazing. I would consider doing take out next time but the prices are a tad steep for Mexican takeout.Delicious food and friendly service! Loved this place! The serving portions are good and moderately priced. Will definitely go back.Super tasty tacos! Nice looking little menu, mostly lunch items and breakfast. Dinner wasn't much of an expansion on the lunch menu. BYOB!Excellent fresh and tasty food. I love the quac and the chips are crispy, flaky and delicious. So far my favorite is the Burrito Loco. Nice and spicy!This is hands down the freshest food I have had in Philly in a long time. Perfect flavors, amazing presentation, and reasonable prices. Service is prompt and friendly. Food will take a little longer than you expect, this is only due to how fresh it is. 100% my new Mexican spot.This place is a hole in the wall, in an up and coming  neighborhood that I typically wouldn't venture into, but the other reviews on yelp had me swayed to try it out. Basic in the taco department, but their refried beans were made from black beans--a super tasty twist on a classic.Food was so fresh and delicious. Loved every bite . Atmosphere is cozy and stress relieving. Friendly staff. Great place over all.I've eaten dinner here many times and have always been more than pleased with the dishes I've tried. Today was the first time I had eaten brunch there and I must say it was amazing!!   The portion sizes are always perfect and filling while the cost is always low.  You just cannot beat that!As we walked in today, we met our server Tracey. She was quick and polite. We sat down. Looked around. This place is clean. Retro Mexican kinda look.
Ordered our food. Steak burritos, chicken taco, side of potatoes, and a cafe con leche. As we waited for our food. Water came and shortly after a freshly made bowl of tortillas and dip came over. Surprisingly, this was really good.
Couple minutes later, Tracey is back with my cafe con leche. Warm while milk with a frothy milk foam and a hint of coffee. It was just right. It might be my new fav drink. 
Chicken taco with a side of potatoes and steak burritos came out. I am in shocked. The chicken taco was delicious. Nice and fresh. Intense flavor of smokiness with the sauce. My steak burrito was huge. Fresh, hearty, and perfect. It's the first time I have to say "someone really made this with love." It was just perfect all the way around. 
Tracey, was an all around hostess, server and bus person. She was a one person team of jack of all trades. I think she makes the experience this cafe really good. She was knowledgable about the food and drinks.
This place probably has about 10 tables. They also do take out. Parking is hard to find here. Lots of loading zones infront of this place. Overall, I'd come back again and again and refer tons of people here.If I lived closer cafe ynez would be a problem .. for my waistline .
I've been here twice once for a quick breakfast and the other for a full on dinner with mixers galore! 
My breakfast nachos held up pretty good even  though they were to go the toppings stayed in place and I had no issue riding nj shotgun stuffing my face. The egg on top could have been a tad runnier but still some solid nachos for under 10.00 and the portion was legit . 
The dinner service was awesome the same friendly lady was my server this time I was with a duo of regulars and they steered me in the right direction . We shared the guac and salsas to start and I ordered the fish tacos . I will say the rice and beans would be a good option as an addition if it wasn't so pricey. We tried pretty much all of the mixers since we booze heavy that way and they all went well with Ketel and tequila.
Pretty low key Friday and the perfect place to start the turn up .... I mean why turn down when you can turn all the way upYnez has a lot of my favorite things going for it: Mexican food, diner decor, and super-friendly waitstaff. This place has been on my list since it opened, so I was really happy to have brunch here yesterday. The bike parking is basically non-existent, so that was a bummer, but this is in a strange transitional area right on the border between South Philly and Graduate Hospital. We were seated immediately in a comfy booth with retro tables and really interesting artwork. My only other complaint is a lack of simple syrup or liquid sweetener for the iced coffee, but I'm just being picky. 
I split the breakfast burrito and the Chilaquiles entrees. The burrito was definitely the better dish, although it was a bit dry. It had a lot of great ingredients, but could have used a little kick of something, or perhaps some smothering. The chilaquiles on the other hand were almost drowning in salsa verde. I know this is a traditional dish, but this one had borderline too much salsa and not much else going on. Both of them were solid dishes with 5-star potential, and the service here is fantastic. I like the size of the menu and the prices are really excellent compared to basically any other brunch in the city. I'll be back!Got the chipotle chicken burrito amg guacamole with chips. I found the food to be expensive and totally mediocre. I'll skip this place in the future and get Mexican from place a bit more traditional.My husband and I have been there twice and loved the food. Chips and guac were excellent. We brought wine both times and drank it out of cute cactus margarita glasses. 
I had the carne asada salad and my husband had chicken tacos- which were the highlight for sure!
The price is so low, and the quality so high. I hope this gem makes it. I've been bringing all of my neighborhood friends hoping that they return. 
Oh, both times Pitbull was playing on the radio and there were fun Pitbull facts on the screen. 
Both times we have been extremely satisfied but the second time the service was terrible. Customers were a distraction to hanging out.The first time my friends and I headed here for brunch we were not impressed with the selection. It was tiny and not many veggie friendly options. The food was good though and the staff nice. 
We just went back today and were pleasantly surprised with a much larger menu! The portions were great and the starter chips are an excellent addition. They appear to use Rival Brothers coffee (yay!) and the pastries look delightful. 
This place is on a really industrial corner of Washington Ave so you don't expect much, but the ambiance inside is friendly, clean and cute. The teal coffee cups are a nice touch too. 
Staff is friendly, attentive and seem happy. Am really glad these place is doing well and hope they survive being in a strange off the beaten path location.The food is excellent every time. Take out is fast. Dine in is friendly. The steak tacos and chicken tinga burrito are among our favorites. Love the chips, but the guacamole does seem a little pricey (but then SO delicious...).  Fantastic addition to Washington!We visited for brunch this morning and loved the food - I've traveled deep in the heart of Mexico on 20+ trips and this place serves real Mexican food. We tried tons of stuff and loved it all. Great service - these folks seem to care. Can't wait to return with a bottle of tequila for dinner!!!!!The food is incredible. The service is fantastic too. Our server's name was Elizabelle and she was great. Highly recommend quesadillas and pretty much everything they have on the menu. This place is amazing. Parking is very easy too.Best chicken tacos I've had on the East Coast. Hands down. Great presentation. Very affordable. I recommend going on Tuesdays for Taco Tuesday. Thanks for the great meal, Cafe Ynez!I've been here twice in a couple of months.  Real good food.  A must try
**after writing this review I decided that I'm going here tonight for dinner.  Thanks, Yelp!Cafe Ynez uses fresh, quality ingredients and raises their flavor with exceptional cooking. I will rank them my favorite burrito in town. We especially like their steak platters in general. Great little spot to eat at or pick up from, and kudos to the owners for taking a chance by opening their shop on Washington so early in the streets development. They are in many ways one of the reasons the street is changing, not a result of the change.This place has some of the best Mexican food in Philly. Not only that, they are very reasonably priced and extremely friendly. While we were waiting, they offered us a sample of their soup which was super good. Despite being on Washington ave, they have done an excellent job and I'll definitely be back.