We had the breakfast platter which was really good! Some of the veggie side dishes were amazing. I'm biased but I think Turkish breakfast is one of the best in the WORLD. it's really great this place exists in philly.bottom line: 2 bite cubes of baklava, flaky, rich, and very satisfyingI appreciate their attempt at fixing my issues.
The ogre in question has apparently been fired, and I did meet some of the new staff and they are nice and well meaning.
They were open for a holiday and reserved a table for me for breakfast. I will be forever grateful. It was looking like a corporate breakfast morning and I was not feeling it.We were driving back from DC home and decided to stop by in Phillie to have a bite
Found this place at yelp and lived the foodWow! Had the three poached eggs with the garlic yogurt and butter sauce- delicious and unusual- came with some nicely spicy home fried potatoes and a delicate spring salad - all was yummy and so easy to eat! Highly recommend the coffee too - sign in shop:"coffee should be black as hell, strong as death, and sweet as love"- love this! The person working turned out to be the owner- Tristen- and he was very warm and friendly- all around a great experienceVery cozy little place - different than any other coffee shop in town.
Good food, drinks and service.Prices are little too high for me to make this place my regular spot.Came by for brunch with a couple of friends and we were quite impressed overall with the place. We ordered several omelettes, made simple and well, and of course, some baklava before we left. Worth a visit back soon.The food tasted like the kitchen looked - like a frat house kitchen. I had soup that was called lentil, but it was clearly Campbell's cream of mushroom soup. Like, there is no doubt about it, I ate enough of that when I was stoned in high school to know that that was nothing other than Campbell's cream of mushroom soup. Period. There was simply nothing lentil about it. I also was craving a grilled cheese so I had one with avocado and I have to say it was barely edible. The cheese wasn't melted, the bread was hardly toasted, unbuttered, yet I waited for probably 45 minutes before it came to our table. All the tables were dirty and there were plenty of staff standing around. 
I may have caught them on a bad night, but it was really, truly bad.Went to an early evening dinner recently.  When we tried to order real food from the menu, they were out of the first 4 things we tried to get.  This maybe just happens late in the day, but that is about 1/4 of the menu that they just didn't have available; which is a little weird for a place that says on their website that they serve breakfast lunch and dinner.   That being said, the coffee was really good, and so was the cacik and bread.  The lentil soup was all right and the spinach pie was kind of tough and doughy.    I'll go back, but would definitely consider this more of a coffee and dessert place rather than a full cafe.My boyfriend introduced me to this cute lil place and ever since then I've been hooked. The coffee is delicious aswell as everything on the menu. All time favorite and I recommend you try it aswell, would be the Sucuk Omelette. Everything is made there even the pastries. The staff rocks, its like coming to see my close friends which they are soon becoming. Recommend Cafe Fulya for anyone who loves coffee and everything yummy!I love this little coffee shop / restaurant. Turkish breakfast looks healthy (before the baklava).My boyfriend (who is Turkish) and I spent some time in Istanbul last summer, and since the trip I am always on the lookout for good Turkish food and drinks.  After a session of tipsy groupon-ing one night, I ended up with a groupon deal for $10 at Cafe Fulya on three different occasions.  A risky investment, I know.
We went yesterday morning for brunch, not really knowing what to expect.  It was quite empty, only one or two other small groups, but I think that was prooobably due to the sub-zero windchill (we nearly froze to death getting home afterwards).  It's a small, hole-in-the-wall sort of place, very casual.  You order at the register, then seat yourselves, and the food is brought out.  We both started off with Turkish apple tea-- perfect for the cold weather-- and it was great.  This was something I drank a lot of in Istanbul and had missed a lot.  It's very sweet, a strange combination of comforting and refreshing.  
My boyfriend ordered the Daffodil Omelette, and I got a Capri sandwich (tomato, mozzarella, basil, and pomegranate sauce, which I was quite excited about).  The omelettes/egg dishes come with potatoes, bread, and salad- quite the spread!  The food was delicious, and so much of it; brunch here is a really great value.  The sandwich came on "Turkish bread"; I didn't really know what that meant when I ordered, and it turned out to be amazing, delicious, fluffy bread.  The ingredients tasted really fresh.  My boyfriend thought the food tasted really authentic.
After hearing one of the workers tell another customer that their baklava is "the best in Philly", we ordered a couple pieces to take home.  It was indeed fantastic.  They have traditional flavors (pistachio, walnut) as well as special flavors that rotate.  We went with the special flavors:  maple walnut and vanilla almond.  The vanilla almond was incredible.  Highly recommend!  I think we may use one of our other $10 off deals on baklava alone.
I saw some other reviewers comment about bad service, but our experience was great.  Our food came pretty fast, and the staff were friendly and funny.  We'll definitely be coming back!Stopped in for lunch while waiting for my bike to be adjusted down the street.  We ordered the tabbouleh salad and fruit salad and sat at the sidewalk on a beautiful day. The tabbouleh was bland and made with balsamic vinegar instead of the usual lemon juice.  I would have preferred the lemon juice.  They also use parsley instead of mint, which didn't add much to the salad.  The fruit salad was fresh so that was an improvement over the tabbouleh.  I have been here a few times for coffee but I think a return visit for lunch won't happen again.Really good service and really good food. The zucchini pancake is delicious! Everything taste fresh and healthy. Their breakfast is bountiful, healthy and tasty. I love this place!This is a very elegant Turkish cafe and the woman there was very friendly.
I have a breakfast there, the egg and salad were ok, the meat was very salty.
Recommend everyone to try but I am not yet a fan.
They ACCEPT credit cards by the way.Sitting inside as I'm writing. Great place, cool Mediterranean vibe with great service and products. Pastries are great too. Music is cool and low key, atmosphere is nice. They do board game night on Wednesdays, and they're open relatively late. Perfect neighborhood cafeNice neighborhood eatery. Sandwiches are great, especially the pastrami sandwich. Baklava is delicious and Iced coffee is pretty decent. Best of all, the current groupon special is a great value.We went to Café Fulya on Saturday and were extremely happy with the entire visit. We had found out that it was BYOB and arrived with two pre-purchased bottles of wine around 8 pm. The café, which is very nicely decorated with French doors that open giving the feeling of being outside without actually being outside, was completely empty. It's a little off South Street (thankfully) more like a neighborhood café than part of the main drag. The server (who was extremely friendly) came right over and answered all our questions about the menu; we weren't familiar with Turkish food. She also provided wine glasses, and opened/served us our wine. We ordered the Turkish hotdog sandwich topped with Russian salad and the beef Manti (Turkish dumplings), and because of another yelpers claim two baklavas. Though I can't say if it was authentic, all the food was beyond delicious. The baklava soooo good we got two more for the road. If I lived closer I could see myself going back to this café often. The bill totalled less than $20.Absolutely the worst service I have ever had!! Ordered a grilled cheese and a salad and it took over an hour and no one was at the cafe! Never coming here again!!I could have sworn I wrote a review for this place. 
My bf is Turkish and he must visit Turkish owned businesses when he can. We came here months ago, and I went back in August. 
See, I appreciate this place because they are so friendly, so hospitable. No attitudes. Just a warm smile. 
It's just off south street, so parking maybe a little cramped even when it's not rush hour time. I wish they were opened longer, probably a small gripe. Like an extra hour or so. I've witnessed many people's moods, and to me they seem really relaxed with a book or a friend. The prices haven't put a frown on my face. 
The second time I visited, I ended up chatting with an older fellow who was nice but who failed in thinking I would follow him to his "large" apartment. The weird things I experience. He wasn't a nuisance, but someone else may have been bothered by such a patron.
I had this Turkish hot dog of some kind, so good with a tea. Most teas they have, I believe, are celestial seasonings. I like that brand so I don't mind. Bathrooms are clean and tidy, too. Hope I see you there. Enjoy.I've been to Fulya a lot lately, and have been really pleased with it.  The decor is fun and the overall ambiance is really warm and friendly. I've tried a couple of the Turkish dishes, and quite liked the spinach and feta pie, and their savory meat pie.  They have added a few more breakfast options, such as really tasty waffles, and just recently breakfast sandwiches. I'm partial to baked goods, and I'm particularly fond of the croissants and muffins here. Lots of patrons stop in for coffee and Turkish tea, but I don't take much caffeine and so far have only tried the chai (which was delicious.)  They also have a board game night on Wednesdays, if that's your sort of thing. 
[Do watch your head entering the restroom - the door is weirdly shaped, and even though they have a sign, I managed to walk into it the other week!]Lucky to have this coffee shop in the area - the coffee is good, not exceptional but good. The food is unique. This includes salep - a Turkish drink made from orchid roots. You won't find this in many places.
I haven't had breakfast here yet - but, this is one of their offerings. My friends claim it as their favorite place. Their baklava is the best I've tasted - worth the visit alone.This place was amazing!  As a spinach lover I was in heaven and the smoothie was terrific.  I found out that they do take credit cards, much to my relief when I was short a dollar, and that they have game night every Wednesday!  Highly recommend.Came across this place after dinner one evening. My wife and I each had a cappuccino, and split three different types of baklava. I have to admit I was a little skeptical about the raspberry baklava but it was absolutely amazing. I would recommend this place.  great job on the cappuccinos as well.It's really great that Cafe Fulya is open so late and we've often come when we'd like to get out of the house to do some late night reading or writing, but the night can bring some strange characters. The people who hang out there late at night are a little strange and unsettling, and the night crew give off some creepy vibes. The cake and baklava containers had flies trapped inside and that was pretty gross. We ended up ordering a macaroon and a softball has better consistency and perhaps more flavor. One night we were there, some patrons were playing games at the back table and smoking pot with the owner. It was just weird. Again, it's great that it's open late, but a little shady. Perhaps it's a better deal to go during normal daytime hours and have a meal. It seems like there are some positive reviews, but based on our night experiences, I don't think we'll be back.Such a special place! We came in on a cold night after dinner, looking for dessert. The owner was such a nice lady- she guided our indecisive souls, and we ended up getting a special bread pudding with turkish coffee- both so, so good. 
The space is small and cozy- perfect for a date or a place to catch up with a friend. Even their bathroom is special: hand-painted typography on the walls of the official rules of bocce ball!
I'll be back sooooonIn the few times I've been here, the food has always been fresh and delicious.  From their breakfast to juice to salads to baklava, I've enjoyed it all.  However, It's their staff that is slightly less desirable.  During my most recent visit, the barista informed me that they ran out of hummus a few minutes after I ordered.  The tubby teenage bus boy behind him then proceeded to call me a basic white b*tch (I may be basic, but it's not like I was ordering hummus at McD's).  The barista was mortified as my friend and I crudely commented back about the amount of carbohydrates he was shoveling down his throat.  Unfortunately, it also takes a long time to get your meal when you come here, so we all had to awkwardly stare at one another until our order was finished.
I wouldn't let this most recent experience stop me from going back.  I just won't wear Uggs next time...Thank you YELP! 
Down the river for the Stotesbury Regatta for 6 AM drop off of our LaSalle HS rower...and in search of good caffeine and good healthy food...and thanks to YELP we found both!
The French toast is superb as is the oatmeal! Cafe Latte and cappuccino are great!  
We will be back! Thank you YELP!!I had their baklava and it was absolutely delicious! This cafe is located on a quiet corner and I've driven past there several times without having ever stopped in, until I came across a review about their baklava being really good. Needless to say, I'll be a frequent visitor as I look forward to tasting their Turkish coffee and their Mediterranean fare.Fantastic jewel of a place. Delicious zucchini pancakes and tabouli freshly made by the wonderful owner Tristan. Great coffee. Cozy and clean....will be back.I am always looking for a new breakfast spot to eat and enjoy the morning, and this is definitely one! I cannot validate the authenticity of the cuisine, but I had the turkish pastrami  omelet and my roommate got the poached eggs both were amazing! Perfect savory and spiced flavors. The food offered here is not your run of the mill breakfast options, but fun and creative twists on a traditional breakfast. Love the spot, and with your meal comes free coffee or turkish tea!I've lived in Queen Village for years and never tried this place. I did today for the first time. The food was good but it took almost 40 minutes. They actually prepared other customers' meals before our's and they had come after us and offered no apology. Was not impressed with the service at all.
The fresh juice and coffee were both amazing though so I will give them a second chance...This place has it all! Excellent menu ( the cigar pies were out of this world!). Great location. Fantastic service. Local ownership. These are the kinds of places you want to spend all of your time and money. And luckily, given the innovative model of coffee shop by day BYOB by night, you can!!!!Delicious baklava and coffee! Try a morning omelette/scramble- also yummy.Very cute place! Their baklava are amazing. Purchased a groupon to try but I definitely will be a frequent customers. Their blueberry muffins are so soft. Avocado milkshake could be a bit sweeter in my opinion. Looking forward to try other things on their menu!  Oh, and they're opened til 3am on Friday and Saturday - great for those late night cravings!What a mess. Three people working; everyone seemingly confused and not working cohesively. Lady-  apparently the boss, rude and loud. Ordered zucchini pancake, which she said "oh, we don't have that- it takes too long to make, so we rarely do it... Same with spinach and feta pie". Sat inside- couldn't even focus on my mediocre meal- because of the commotion behind the counter. Tables left uncleaned; even saw a girl bus her own table. Overall, food took too long and was sub-par. Coffee was the only positive part of our visit. We won't be back.Tristan, the guy who works there, is awesome. He's so sweet and is definitely accommodating. Surely gives off a homey feel. And the food is awesome, definitely recommend it. By the way, even if it's hot outside, get the Nutella hot chocolate.This is a really cute coffee shop a bit off the beaten path. Their coffee is rockin' and I loved my Turkish French Toast.
The coffee shop is cozy and electic. During nice weather, try to snag the outdoor table.This cafe is a gem. Cozy atmosphere and great food!  This will be one of my Philly go-to spots. Red pepper hummus was tasty, and the turkey sandwich was fantastic.Amazing, quality food- ordered the Turkish pastrami sandwich and cigar borek; both tasted very true to tradition. Coffee was also excellent and a unique blend- La Colombe's San Fran. The owner was also really committed to the cafe, and extremely nice to talk to.Everyone at Cafe Fulya is very friendly and welcoming.  The decor is nice and comfortable.  It's very open.  Their coffee is very modestly price for the quality.  I love, love, love the baklava and their cookies.I miss moving out of the neighborhood for this little cafe.  I use to spend so much time here.  The inside is cute and clean, tables and couches to relax at.  Free Wifi, nice outdoor area along the alley and street.  Their spinach and feta pie is delicious, so is their baklava and their chai tea lattes.  They take level up, which is a big plus for me, and are otherwise cash only.
My only complaint is lack of iced coffees on the menu board.Very, very disappointing.  I hesitated to write this review with the thought I might have just had a bad experience, went at the wrong time of day, should try them for breakfast, etc.  But I can't see myself ever going back here.
Stopped by at 7:30 one night on my way across the city back home.  Disclaimer here - my girlfriend is Turkish, I have been to Turkey and even speak a bit of the language so have certain expectations when it comes to this stuff.  Not to say I was expecting anything spectacular but a decent attempt would have sufficed.
So the interior is cute enough, I'll give them that.  But not when the only people in there are a table of kids (10-17 year olds I'd guess) with a Mac open on the table watching loud videos, screaming, and being generally annoying.  They knew the only girl who was working there somehow as she spent most of my time there chatting/serving them rather than working on my order.  Struck me as her using the place as a babysitting service.
She found me a menu (rife with misspellings...what is "melemen"?), I checked it out and decided to keep it simple.  Etli borek and shepards salad.  When I ordered the borek (as it is pronounced) she looked at me like I had 5 heads, said "oh the spanakopita?".  No, the borek.  Had to point at it.  Couldn't understand simple Turkish menu items at a Turkish cafe.  Not a good sign.  I got it to go, sat there for 10+ minutes listening to the screaming kids as she presumably heated up my borek, spooned some shepards salad into a to-go container.
Got home, opened the bag up.  As I was starving anything would've been appetizing at this point.  Well, almost anything.  The borek, which is ideally spiced meat with soft interior and a crispy filo exterior could be best described as a soggy flat chessesteak filled with black hamburger meat.  It sucked.  Dumped hot-sauce on it to make it bearable.
The salad was worse.  I know there are many variations on shepards salad, none of which remove feta far as I know.  Mine was soggy tomatoes, cucumbers, and green peppers with a ton of cilantro, or parsley.  A very simple, hard to screw up dish I didn't even bother to finish.  Ended up having to make extra food at my house since these two worth even worth a meal for the $13 I paid for them.
Between the indifferent attitude, having to sit in a child care facility, faux Turkishness, and bad food this place will not be getting my business again.Delicious breakfast! I highly recommend coming here for breakfast and getting the 4-course breakfast special: egg dish, coffee or tea, fresh squeezed juice, and a dessert (muffins, croissants, assorted baklava). The Turkish bread is so soft and fresh. 
Everyone who works there is pleasant and nice.  On the weekends - Sometimes it can take awhile for your food, as it gets busy and it's a smaller place. But it's worth the wait!Inexpensive and delicious with good service. So glad to have found this place! In terms of cafe atmosphere, I would say that this is more of a grab and go type of place, for me personally. That said there were some people who were sitting/dining inside.
GET. THE. BAKLAVA!I have eaten at Cafe Fulya twice, and both times I had excellent food and friendly service.  I really like this place and would recommend it highly!I LOVE this place.  Whenever I feel nostalgic about my trip to Turkey, I go here.  Awesome coffee... I've watched the owner actually pour out coffee after she made it because she didn't feel it was good enough.  Yummy mezze dishes.We must have caught them on a bad day. The coffee is decent and the location is inviting, but the service--though friendly--was inept. When we tried to order breakfast the girl at the counter told my fiancé that it was a bad idea because they were too busy. Who does that?! And there wasn't a crush of people or anything...maybe 4 other people had food. This place needs to invest in either more staff or better training! I will try again and hopefully can improve my rating. I'm rooting for you, little cafe!My wife and I were going to be in the 'hood so we found the yelp deal and went on in. We LOVED the warm, kind, attentive service that Tristan, the owner, gave us. We loved the homemade foodss too. Most notably, the zuchini cake and the poached eggs with turkish bread and butter garlic sauce! Mmmmmm! Also, the fresh OJ was delish! the espresso was wonderful and I'm kind of a snob about my espresso, truth be told. The only real suggestion we have is that the decor could use some love. We'd have loved some more authentic turkish decorations in place of the lower end diner-style of the charis/tables. Thank you so much for a wonderful breakfast!I was really craving Turkish coffee and baklava today so we decided to stop by before heading home from the city.  Since we split a slice of pizza earlier on, we weren't that hungry but I saw that they had manti so we had to get an order.  I mean, you can't be offered manti and turn down an opportunity to have some.  We got ours stuffed with ground beef; the dumplings themselves were plump and had a soft, tender shell with plenty of well-seasoned beef filling.  They were topped off with a garlicky, creamy yogurt-based sauce with a touch of mint, butter, and red pepper.  It was very good, surpassed only by a friend's mom's homemade specialty.  They were also very authentic so that was a huge plus.  I only wish that they also offered lamb-stuffed manti.  That would have made my...well, year.  We also got an order of the Turkish bread, which was served fresh from the oven with a nice array of spreads.  I had it with simple butter, which really brought out the bread's inherent toasty, buttery goodness.  There's really no other bread to compare it to except maybe a French baguette, which is kind of similar but not really.  Anyhow, it's definitely worth a try if you're in the area.  The coffee was fantastic: authentically strong and bitter.  The baklava was also delicious.  The pastry layers were flaky, light, and buttery, and the filling sweet yet not overly so.  The touch of honey drizzle was a great finishing touch and it was presented beautifully on a plate.  We even brought back an extra order.  Service was great and the seating small but cozy.  Will definitely return.  In the meantime, get yourself here for a coffee and/or dessert and snack.  The breakfast platters looked great so that will be next on my list.The food at Cafe Fulya was really tasty.  We shared a bunch of different dishes and actually liked everything we tried.  The staff person sent off a hard to read vibe.    Certainly responsive and capable, but not particularly pleasant.  We were sitting inside on a summer day, and there were a few too many flies buzzing around our table. My experience at Cafe Fulya was a bit of a let down.  Not because of the food, but because I expected a more welcoming atmosphere.LOVE this charming café. The food is yummy and the service is outstanding! The baklava is amazing!I eat breakfast here twice a week, despite having two other coffee shops much closer to my house. The reason: This is more than a coffee shop. Yes, the place has great coffee (Turkish, too if you please), capable baristas, and juices and smoothies - but, it's the food. I love all of the Turkish delicacies, pastries and the unique breakfast selections. The soujuk (Turkish pepperoni) omelette is a must try. It arrives hot with a side of toasted bread, potatoes and a side of mixed greens - for $7.50? Am I at a greasy spoon diner? No. 
The prices and quality here are amazing. I'm not a desert guy but I hear the baklava is legit. They seem to be very welcoming to establishing regulars, rolling out loyalty cards, providing level up pay options and groupon deals, which practically make the place cheaper than cooking at home. I can't find soujuk at my local market anyhow, so they have me by the short and curly's because I'm hooked!I love this place. They have the nicest staff. The atmosphere is very chill, but the service is sometimes slow. There is often only one person behind the counter ringing people up, making drinks, and making food. Still, I like being there so much that I don't mind. The turkish food is excellent, the coffee is among my favorite in the city. 
It's very comfortable and casual, but if you want to order food, just go when you're not in a hurry.I found this place when looking up Turkish tea spots (my boyfriend went to Istanbul and loved it, so I wanted to find something similar). My boyfriend and I both got tea- he got turkish black tea (or coffee?) and I got apple tea. I liked the apple tea but wasn't a big fan of the coffee, I think he liked it though.
We also got a savory pie (spinach and feta) and spinach and mozzarella ravioli with garlic yogurt sauce. The spinach and feta pie was okay, not very flavorful, and the spinach and mozzarella ravioli was even less so (it tasted like watered down yogurt).The service was a little slow, and they don't have a ton of space, but I have two words for you:  Turkish Burps.
My boyfriend and I were in Turkey last year, and everywhere we went there was a complimentary Turkish breakfast.  The same exact thing everything time:  Bread with butter and homemade jam or preserves, olives, slices of cucumbers, plum tomatoes, a few cheeses, and a hardboiled egg.  I know, weird, right?  Well, we ate it every morning for two weeks and it was always a great way to start the day.  We kept saying we'd buy all the stuff to have a Turkish breakfast at home, but it's such an odd assortment of foods that we never got around to it.... 
They we found out about Cafe Fulya!  We split a Turkish breakfast platter, I got my strong Turkish tea and he got a Turkish coffee and we walked down memory lane.  It was perfect.  The bread was what did it, I think.  I don't know what it is that makes the bread Turkish, but it tasted just like Turkey.  The country.  
The kicker, though, is that after we sat there for a while, digesting, I burped.  And the burp tasted like the breakfast all rolled into one and I got one of those wonderful sense memories and it truly made my day.  I'm so glad that there is a place in Philadelphia that can give me Turkish Burps!  
I half wish that this place was on my way to work, because I would get tea every day.  However, it's saving me lots of money to have this place in the opposite direction of my route to work.  Lastly, the baklava:  Very good.  I don't know if it's the best I've ever had.  I can't think of any, specifically, that's been better, but it didn't knock my socks off like I expected.  It's very, very good, though.Small, cozy atmosphere. Baklava was great but a little pricey for such a tiny cube. The breakfast was standard as well --- didn't taste especially ethnic, but filling. As my first taste of Turkish food, I didn't find it mind-blowing but it was alright.It's only a few blocks away from home, and I've been meaning to stop in for a while, so we headed there for brunch this morning. 
The space is tiny and well done - just enough for parties of 2 or 4, but you probably wouldn't want to go here with a big party.
We ordered the turkish coffee (with sugar) which I've never had before, but it was a great shot of caffeine.  I had poached eggs that were covered in an awesome spiced yogurt sauce and my boyfriend had the breakfast platter with delicious turkish bread, apricot preserves, butter with honey, hard boiled eggs, cucumbers, tomatoes and assorted cheeses.  
Everything was really well done and the total for both of us ended up being about $35, which was a little more than I expected to spend, but it was worth it.3 Major resons to hit up Cafe Fulya:
1.) Amazing potato soup.  
2.) Turkish breakfast (Bread, various cheeses, olives, tomato, etc) , which is hard to find in Phila
3.) Possibly best baklava in the U.S.   
Every time I'm in Philly I must stop by here.  Very clean too, always a HUGE ++ in my book.My friend who moved from Turkey to Philly for the year talked me into trying this cafe as he was craving some homey cuisine. We came on warm-ish winter Sunday afternoon and we stepped inside and were greeted by a cute interior with nearly unbearable heat blasting. I decided to let him take the lead on ordering and first he requested Mücver, but they were out of that, sorry. Then we requested kısır, Ispanaklı Börek, artichokes with limas, and Winter Salad, with apricot juice and ayran to drink. My friend paid by credit card and we sat down. 
I stepped into the bathroom and while I was there three of our dishes were delivered, and already they brought two things we hadn't ordered out of the five. One had already been replaced while we waited for the final which took several more minutes to appear. There were two young ladies working and the one whom we ordered with seemed extremely stressed out or nervous. The other, who seemed to be doing more food prep, seemed more relaxed. The latter eventually brought out an entree size order of kısır, though we had ordered an appetizer size, to make up for the missed orders which was nice of them. 
My friend was not overly impressed with the börek at all, I thought it was kinda flaccid. The winter salad was odd, as the menu listed that it contained carrots, peas, potato and pickles with "Turkish mayonnaise". Neither of us were sure what made the mayo Turkish but there was plenty of it, as well as what seemed to be succotash with lots of corn and almost no potato. It was odd and it got a vote of "hayır" (NO) from my Turk. The artichoke hearts were pretty good, fresh and simple. When the kısır finally came my Turkish companion was not impressed with the bulgur (barely any) to veggie ratio but I thought it was tasty, if only Turkish-ish in authenticity. 
Since it was the first time we were having Turkish food together, we thought we should also try some dessert with tea. I went up to order some Elmalı Kurabiye and the nervous girl, who was now alone at the helm, reported they were also out of that. Then I asked for some Baklava and they were also out of that. So I got 4 Kemalpaşa Tatlısı since it was the only thing they seemed to have left of things we were interested in. And when she rings up my order for 4 $0.75 pastries and two teas, she says "$29.95"! I reminded her my friend had paid for our meal earlier. And she became further flustered and apologetic, yet again or still, really. The "cheese balls" were cakey and unremarkable. 
All in all, it was a weird vibe and I felt like we came away with nothing we really wanted, including having proper Turkish mezze for lunch, just a lot of apologies. I'm not sure if this was a normal thing or an off day but I had no desire to give it a second try to find out.Cafe Fulya is a crushingly cute neighborhood Turkish cafe, which should totally become a thing. It's definitely a place for a nice conversation, but I wouldn't recommend it as much for a meal.
We went for brunch on a Sunday. They were out of multiple items, but I tried the tabouleh, one of their few vegan options. My friend got a breakfast platter that was a smattering of cheeses and fruit ... interesting, but impressive.
By the time we left, some family had come in with something like 10 people ... a bit absurd for the space. I hope that's not a regular thing, because it was much more pleasant with quiet groups of two.Café Fulya is a great place to have breakfast/brunch/ lunch, to relax and chat with friends at night.
I loved spinach pie,  traditional Turkish apple/nut cookies, macaroon was great as well.  Turkish coffee is famous for being strong and powerful. Loved tea as well. 
The music they play is the most American music (rock or smth like it??), doesn't fit the place at all. It would be more authentic (and much better) if they played smth from Turkey  ( a lot to offer: oriental chill-out, bellydance music etc).
Stuff is super polite (especially the guy).The food is quite good and they offer some interesting options.  That said, I went there in search of espresso, and discovered a lacking in understanding of the process. :( The staff that was there seemed untrained and I suspect the machine is woefully out of adjustment. No sour grapes intended. I truly hope this helps. The resources are out there to bridge this gap easily. 
Thanks for reading.Ambiance is intimate and warm.
 Menu is varied  (Turkish, American, and creative). There is something for everyone.
Thus far, we have enjoyed brunch, lunch and morning coffees.
 Prices are very reasonable.
Owner and waitstaff are friendly and very accessible. Owner seeks suggestions for  new menu items, and positive or negative feedback.I am a regular at Fulya. I love their chicken soup (none better except the way my mother used to make it). Breakfast is an experience, unless you are familiar with Turkish breakfast. The cooking of Mrs. Melahat (Fulya's mother) is absolutely great. She recently introduced  an arthicoke salad, which is so light for the summer.
Enjoy it.
Samy RabinovicDelightful little Turkish Cafe in Queen Village.  Went for brunch and definitely enjoyed the coffee & baklava (not too sweet, just how I like it).  The place is very small and a little confusing at first, as you need to order and pay at the counter for your meal (or at least we did... more staff showed up later).  The place is very authentic & their desserts look scrumptious.  I'll definitely be back to try their lunch or dinner.The basil avocado grilled sandwich was average, mozzarella cheese was cold and unmelted. Hummus platter was delicious, had a huge amount leftover for take away. Turkish coffee was definitely not what I was expecting. Didn't expect a 30 minute wait time for a small cafe such as this.Get caffeinated with a delectable 5 sip Turkish coffee sweetened with just the right amount of sugar to protect your tongue from the awful bitterness the oft too concentrated brew.
Get full with the Turkish breakfast, complete with Turkish white, feta and kaskaval cheese - breed cream cheese and butter - fresh tomato and cucumber slices, dried apricots, apricot jam, olives, honey and a boiled egg for good measure. All this is served with some sort of Turkish bread that's almost like a sesame focaccia only less spongy, with a crispier crust but an equally moist middle .  
Get satiated with a one bite square of honey sweet baklava so flaky, sticky, and crisp that you're sure to crave another...and another...and another...A great place to eat outdoors on a sunny spring day. Two platters was more than enough for two people, and probably could have fed a third. We had the breakfast platter and the zucchini pancake platter with hummus. The platter was a great smorgasbord of separate items that balanced each other well like fresh tomatoes, feta, and olives. The zucchini pancake was the star of the meal with just the right combination of spices and garlic yogurt sauce that hit the spot. The bread was hot and crunchy on the outside. My combination orange and carrot juice was fresh, and the coffee was nice and dark. The service was nice, but scattered and confusing in that the platter was brought out before the silverware, and before the coffee so I had my juice for about 15 minutes before my boyfriend had his coffee. There were probably 4 other people there so I'm not sure why it took so long.So this place really is a hybrid cafe/mini restaurant.  Instead of just ordering something premade or out of a case, they can cook you up something as well (such as their serious business Turkish Hot Dog).
Their coffee was strong and bitter but good and the atmosphere is extremely well done and casual.  I expect Middle-Eastern/Med coffee to be potent so I'm prepared for that.  If you don't like strong coffee at all, I'd try a sugary drink to help cut it.  
I've had a few of the dessert goodies and they were delicious.  Apart from that, the owner and her staff are very friendly and service orientated.  I'm not sure if it is because it's kinda sorta a restaurant/diner, but the place just looks and feels cleaner compared to most coffee shops in the area so if you really need that new fresh look, this might be your spot.  I personally like the "Gritty and Shitty" feel of Philly's cafes but it's nice to see something fresh once in awhile.
The spot isn't very large but it typically isn't overly crowded either.  They get less foot traffic since they're a bit south of South st and somewhat placed in a more residential spot, but it's a nice addition to Queen Village!
Give it a shot!I tried to recreate "The Breakfast Platter" at home because I like it and it speaks to the "a little bit of this, a little bit of that" mentality, which I very much enjoy. Listen I'm gourmet, baby. It should have been easy enough as all it meant was simply assembling the uncommon but good breakfast combination of Turkish feta cheese, kaskaval cheese, olives, hard boiled egg, tomatoes, cucumber, dried apricots, butter and preserves on a plate. That's no big deal, eh? But it just wasn't the same. It was missing some barely discernible authenico touch or something. What was it..? Well, one thing- I know that I didn't have the exact Turkish bread. I certainly didn't have really good Turkish coffee at home, either. So I'll leave it to Cafe Fulya. 
I like this place for breakfast. Cafe Fulya offers up some good egg dishes accompanied by Turkish style salami, pastrami, or pepperoni. Maybe sometimes one of us orders that whole breakfast platter spread, and one of us orders an omlet and we halfsie-whoosie that sucka.
Sometimes I'm walking around the neighborhood, heading towards cranky. I forgot to eat, but whadda I want? If I can't exactly figure it out, I point my direction to Cafe Fulya because there's always somethin somethin good, freshy, and homemade. Inexpensive too...
A quickie grilled cheese sandwich, I like the Turkish toast with tomato and feta, or kasari and slightly salty salami. I love their salads. Three for $9 is great for sharing. Hit me up with some charcoal grilled eggplant salad, and some artichokes, and maybe that lemony white bean salad- simple but good. Or you know, you could go five for $15... if you're so robustly inclined.
Sometimes I'll take a cup tea, sometimes apple tea...maybe a smoothie, even. Fantastic baklava, cookies and cakes go so well with that coffee I mentioned; the strong Turkish coffee, slightly bitter, but really good. 
Do you see what I'm saying? No taste-bud region need be neglected. 
I like it that these ladies seem to care about what they're doing, and they're very pleasant t'boot. I'm a fan of this small-yet-comfortable neighborhood spot. I'm a fan of everything from their sweet Turkish treats to their ruby red seats...see cause they have these red plastic chairs that remind me of the stuff of ring pops.
If I didn't have so many warm and fuzzy feelings towards Cafe Fulya, I would have written this review in the style of a rollicking, "Turkish Song of the Damned," but since I do have such fond feelings, I wrote up this one here.I was being too harsh. Went back here one night with a bottle of wine (they're byob!) and got a few macaroons and the baklava. Don't know what I was thinking saying the baklava wasn't great, it's absolutely delicious. The macaroons were good too. I like the decor of the place too, and being in Queen Village (my old home) is a plus.
I don't think many people bring wine here, cuz the waitress seemed a bit surprised (but very pleased) that we came to drink there.An amazing culinary gem!!! Cafe Fulya is fantastic on several levels. First, the food is delicious. Their baklava is so tasty, as are their various soups. The staff is really friendly, professional, and fast. The seating and decor is really intimate, so it's a really comfortable venue. And finally, the prices are totally reasonable, especially considering the neighborhood. I absolutely recommend wholeheartedly.We went for brunch and the place was pretty busy. The restaurant is a little small but we did get a table. The service was very friendly but a little slow. I think they were understaffed at the time. The food was fantastic. We had the Ankara Omelette and pancakes. Both were delicious. The food and friendliness won us over. I'd recommend this place.Loved it, loved it, loved it! We came for an early lunch one weekend while visiting the area. This was our first exposure to Turkish food, so I really had no idea what to expect...except the best coffee in the world. But when I came I wasn't in the mood for coffee, so I ordered this drink they have that is made from orchids- it was quite delectable, rather like a chai tea. Other things:
-Turkish Philly cheese-steak: good; like a healthy version of Philly cheese-steak.
-Lentil soup: out of this world, seriously the best lentil soup I've ever had, and my mom is old hippy, so I've eaten a lot of lentils & legume foods in my day. There was a little too much chili oil on it, but because they put it in the center of the soup I was able to eat around it.
 -Fresh o.j.: oh yeeeeeah. He literally took whole oranges and put them in a blender when we ordered. I've never had o.j. so good. 
-Price: Sweet. Plus I had a restaurant.com thing. Double sweet.
Interesting: 
-Is this the gay side of town? We saw at least 4 young, gay, white couples walk by, plus a large group of what could have been frat boys, but were too well groomed to be straight. 
-A comparatively quiet section of town compared to downtown Philly.Love this neighborhood cafe! 
The food, service  and drinks are always great!Would someone please tell me where else in QV you can get a three egg omelette with two toppings, bread, veggies and coffee for $5.50 that is actually delicious and non-greasy?! You found your spot. Cafe Fulya is such a special little place that really cares about the details. Their breakfast is hearty, delicious and well priced. Their (American) coffee is very good & nutty. Their baklava is to die for and the rest of the sweets look quite enticing! (I'll be back for that $1.50 baseball sized butter cookie!) One time we went there with some friends and they got the Turkish hot dogs, which they said were very delicious. The place is very clean with a hip, comforting decor. Oh and the staff is very nice!
They have a few tables outside & are cash only. Don't worry, if you get stuck there's a WaWa & a TD Bank a block away at Headhouse.I had doubts about writing here, so far the clientele are mixed theres regular middle-age people (as opposed to being limited to the regular, hipster/student/tourist-crowd. It's perfect, clean without being sterile. Good south philly vibe. Nice turkish theme - great arabica coffee, teas and baklavas. Perfect location by a not very busy street, I never see it crowded, fast reliable wifi. Thursday, friday, saturday open till 3am:o 
But ssh, don't tell anyone:)Dropped in for just a coffee and won't be back. If you like your coffee bitter and burnt this is your spot.Cozy cafe with a friendly staff. Great venue for after-dinner coffee and desert. The only down-side is that it's cash only.