My dining companion and I stumbled upon this place after getting turned away from nearby Tres Jalepenos, which was closed for a private party.  We were very pleased!  The restaurant had beautiful wall hangings and table settings, and I especially appreciated the low lighting.  It's nice at dinnertime.  The service was certainly leisurely, but I didn't mind it, and I got the impression that we could have sped things along if we were in a hurry.  Our favorite item was the Buddha's Dumplings, but I also really liked the Veggie Rolls and my entree, Jungle 2 Jungle.  I'll probably sample a different entree next time, but I certainly have no complaints about it.  It was fresh, flavorful, healthy-seeming, and just the right amount of spicy.  We brought a six-pack with us, which of course kept the overall price down.  I definitely recommend this charming Thai BYOB.I thought this place was ok.  Not thrilling, but ok.
Came here with my asian food meetup group.  My bowl Tom Yum Goong of soup was really tasty.  I also thought the Sai Krog (thai sausage) was incredibly flavorful.  It was a really good portion for the price and I never had sausage with such a copious amount of Kaffir Lime in it.  It was serious.
Next came the entrees.  There was something crazy traditional that was pickled and I swear to God it was rotten.  As we passed it around the table, each person took one bite of it and that was all we could stomach.  Hey, we're adventurous.
Honestly, I'm having trouble remembering my entree.  It really didn't impress me that much.  Most of the food we had struck me as good, but not enough to make me want to run back.
Maybe one day.Lovely lunch place! Cute date restaurant. BYOB with the liquor store down the street. Food was incredible! Red curry is out of this world!
It's my new favorite spot.This has become my favorite place for thai food in the city!
I still crave their pad thai above all others, or more specifically their Siam Noodles, which is basically pad thai with a ton of veggies and tofu and incredibly delicious.
We've continued to sample their dishes and have yet to be disappointed; hubby's favorite is the stuffed catfish, and their curry. Try the thai crepes also. 
Service has also been much better the many times we've been, and the staff are really friendly. They recognize us and many of the people who come in, so it has that great combination feel of something exotic and something really neighborhoody.Cafe de Laos is the gem of that neighborhood. The interior is nicely decorated, and it is generally neither too busy nor too loud for a leisurely meal and conversation.  The staff is great. Could those servers get any sweeter? They are always friendly, with the kindest smiles.
The vegetarian selection is wonderful. Try the lemongrass soup; it is a perfectly spicy nectar of dreams.This is my favorite thai-ish restaurant in Philadelphia, and for sure they make the best "Holy Basil" tofu/vegetable I've ever had--my default thai choice. BYOB, nice-ish setting, and my water glass is never empty.I am definitely a fan of this place and eat here often.  Their menu is kind of confusing - basically two menus, one Lao and one Thai one after the other.  I have to admit that I've never tried anything from the Lao menu, but the Thai curries and pad tai that I get here are always delicious.
The place is very nice looking inside, with white tablecloths.  It's always the same two waiters who work there, and they're both very polite. 
I love that this place is a BYO, especially since the food can be a bit on the pricey side (my only real complaint).  The penang and green curries are my favorites, and the Thai lemongrass soup was absolutely perfect when I had a cold.  For dessert I would highly recommend the Thai tea ice cream, which is honestly the best ice cream I've ever had.This place serves really good and authentic Thai food! It's also a bit pricey! The atmosphere is great! I've been here for about 3 times now! If you're looking to spend somewhat more than the regular Chinese food then you should go here! The atmosphere is great and the waiters are friendly!I came here with high hopes. I've tried Laotian food in West Philly and wasn't a huge fan, but I was hoping to find a good new Thai place. The people here were really nice and the decor was cute enough, but it all just didn't add up. The food was decent but not great, and it was a little expensive for what it was. 
The green curry was deliciously flavored with a delicate heat, but the beef in it was tough and obviously just slices of London broil or some other cheap cut that normally requires long hours of cooking to make palatable. For $12, I expected this bowl to be bigger, or at least contain better quality beef. The rice it came with looked a bit hard and dry, and wasn't fragrant like jasmine is supposed to be. The pad thai tasted fine, with unusually thin noodles that were pretty unique. However, there was not a lot of chicken in it, and the little chicken it did contain was quite dry. I also would have appreciated some more bean sprouts cooked into the pad thai, and maybe some tofu, egg, chives, peanuts, or other standard non-noodle pad thai ingredients. The flavoring of the dish was decent, but overall it was pretty noodle-heavy and monotonous. 
I can't say I'll be back, but I'll be nice and give them 3 stars rather than 2.So the last time i was here was prob when I was a senior in highschool. I thought the pad thai here was the most amazing thing i've ever eaten. I never went back, not sure why. But finally the other night a friend of mine said she wanted to try it out - so i figured, why not. I might as well since I remember it being amazing.
I must've had a terrible palate for food as a teen, bc it was far from amazing. It was decent, but nothing to rave about. Also, the restaurant was ridiculously quiet. It was almost uncomfortable. 
Back to the food, we ordered...
Mok Nor Mai - catfish w/ steamed bamboo - wanted to give Laos food a try (even tho some have mentioned that it was not very authentic. The taste was kind of interesting - I dont know how else to describe it.
Tofu Massaman Curry - I've had better
Vegetarian Pad Thai - It was terrible. It was SUPER sweet and just all around NOT GOOD. I'm so sad that it was not as I remembered.
Cabbage Salad - This was probably the best dish of the night BUT I wouldn't order it again bc you could easily make this at home.
All in all, it's good enough to eat so i may return... eventually.Cafe De Laos is now Champa Laos and is as good as ever. 
My fave dish is the Curry Duck dish !The food is great here and at good prices! Try the 3 peppers spicy dishes.I love everything from this restaurant. My fave thai Resturant.  Druken noddles and payaya salad are my fave dishesCafe de Laos is a solid spot. The curry is really on point, if a tad hot for the uninitiated. However, the curry is very flavorful. It's small so make sure you can make time to wait when you get in.Came here on a Saturday night for an engagement party. 
Huge menu (took us forever to order because no one could decide what they wanted - too many choices to salivate over!). While you're waiting for folks at your table to decide, you can amuse yourself by checking out all the intricate wood carvings and tapestries on the walls. 
The place is suitable for groups (we had 9 people at our table)
Food was fabulous. I had the Pad Kee Mao with tofu and finished the entire plate without even thinking twice. Down the table were a few of the curry dishes, the pad thai and Gai Ping. One of the guys at the table was experiencing Thai/Laotian food for the first time and, for some unknown reason, ordered the Lao Hor' Deurves (laos sausage, beef & pork jerky, roasted cashew nuts, yum neam, lemon grass, & som tum). I've never seen someone look more confused when a plate was presented to him. 
And, it's a BYO!Food was just ok. Not great and not bad. But when you factor in the price it's not good.   Too Expensive.  Had two orders of pad see ew. One custom one with tofu, mushrooms, eggs and no vegetables of any kind. Got mushrooms, vegetables, literally one piece of tofu and no eggs.  The other was just standard with beef.  Was $24 for the two dishes takeout.  You could feed 3 people with Tip for that price across the street at Nam Phong.I ate here last night. Food was ok, not bad but not great either. I really had a problem with the attitudes of the wait staff. The 2 girls were so unfriendly & just plain rude. We didn't ask for anything special & never even called them over for anything so it's not like we were a high maintanance table. I will never eat there again.I enjoy the food from this place because they offer thai food as well as Laos. I've never had the laos food and even if I did, I wouldn't know if that was how laos food was supposed to taste! haha. 
I've gotten the pad thai and the thai dumplings from here on a couple occasions, I did take out both times and went into the restaurant to get it. 
It's a cute little place, cozy looking - I wouldn't mind sitting down for a meal there, although I haven't.
The pad thai is good (I honestly think it is a better pad thai than the place pad thai I reviewed before.) And the dumplings are amazing. 
I recommend this place for the thai food alone and it isn't too pricey. Also they are big enough portions to share if you get an appetizer too!Another dinner outing with my family. My husband choose this Thai/Laos restaurant. We ordered the Som Tum Laos Style super spicey. The thai dumpling, mussels, sticky rice, laab beef and Pad Kiew Mou.
The som tum was great. Super spicy as requested. The thai dumpling tasted floury. lol. It was a mixture of ground pork, minced fungus mushroom and fried wonton shell. Sticky rice was good but small portion. Laab beef was good. Pad Kiew Mou is ok and the Mussells was good. We had 2 thai teas and 2 cokes.
Our bill was up there for two adults and 2 kids. lol. Overall the service was good and the food was good. I will give this one a 4 star because food portions were small. If it were alittle bigger I would give it a five star.
It's also byob.The food is delicious and the decor is lovely and comfortable. It IS always very empty there, and I always feel that I have to whisper. In any case, it's about the food, right? I recommend the massaman veggie curry. It's a BYOB.This place is pretty decent. The chicken pad Thai is good. Don't forget to ask them to make it spicy (if you like spicy). I forgot, but they were nice enough to give me the hot sauce on the side. Don't get the hot and sour soup. It's not hot nor sour. I also hate the fact the servers open your bottle behind the register and toss the cork. I requested the cork be returned to me multiple times and they just threw it out. All in all, I'll order out next time.After going on an epic search for the best Thai BYOB's in Philly, Cafe de Laos nears the top of the list. The pad thai & curry options are all ~$13 (and really, what else do you need at a Thai place?), and did I mention BYOB? However, the waiter did not hide his judgement as my (3) friends and I pulled out our second 1.5L bottle of wine for him to uncork (minus half a star).  Minus the other half of a star because all though the pad thai was very good & a huge portion, it didn't wow me. 
The atmosphere is actually half-classy, but casual enough to go on a 2nd or 3rd date with someone, or go with a group of friends. I read some complaints that it was too quiet, but when we went around 8:30pm it was about half full and had enough buzz about it that nobody seemed to mind our (probably loud) drunk ramblings.So this place gets 4 for the entrees and 2 for the appetizers, so I suppose that averages out to a 3. Points added for good ambiance and nice servers, but points deducted for somewhat small portions for the price. It was fairly loud while we were there, but there was a bridal party so I think it was different than normal. We got the buddha dumplings as an appetizer, which tasted exactly like fried balls of baby food peas. The other appetizer we got, grilled calamari, was almost as bad. The calamari was extremely tough and flavorless. The accompanying sauce was just plain spicy without good flavor. The pad kee mao was really good - great flavor. The panang curry (made mildly spicy) was also delicious. I enjoyed the side of coconut rice, but not sure I would need to order it again. Overall, it was a good experience. I MIGHT come back just because it's a nicer ambiance than a lot of other Thai places, but I definitely wouldn't order an appetizer!!This is a great neighborhood gem.  I live right around the corner and I am always welcomed with a smile and a warm hello whenever I go in.  The waiter always remembers me and seats me at my usual table and brings me my drink.    I love their pad tai and curries.  It is really great Thai food served in a very causal and friendly envoirment.  You can taste the love that goes into every dish.Love, love, LoVe this place!
So beautiful on the inside and the food is absolutely delicious! 
The green curry is my favorite but everything my husband and I have tried here has been amazing. Corn fritters, cabbage salad and the chicken coconut soup are all great. It is one of our favorite places for date night.I love this place....lets start with....
-Our waiter...gosh i wish i knew his name...well I dont think it matters because he is the only one. lol He always welcomes you with a smile and is on point with everything. 
-The food....we have been to this place a handful of times and the food is always on point. One that is perfectly timed,  you don't ever wait to long. Also the portions a just about right...not too big not too small....also during this hot weather I find it important for restaurants to serve cold water and keep refilling it, and at Cafe Laos my glass is alway full and ice cold like i like it.
-The decor is beautiful and the place is very clean. 
-Its never too busy so you never have to wait to be seated
If you are looking to take someone on a nice date to a beautiful intimate restaurant go here. If you are adventurous they have adventurous food. If you like simple, they can make it simple. 
Also its great for family gatherings. 
I definitely recommend it :)This place is very exciting, because you have probably never had Laotian food before.  
My salad (shredded cabbage with peanuts, peppers, etc) was debilitatingly spicy.  But my curry (I think I got penang?) was bland and unsatisfying.  Steamed crepes filled with ground chicken and peanuts - slippery, tasty little sluglike things.  The soups we tried were great - the coconut one was light and creamy, the homestyle chicken something something was spicy and flavorful.
Skip the desserts.  Even though they're real pretty.
Also, hey vegetarians, turn to the back page of the menu. 
Conclusion: interesting menu.  Decent food...but I probably won't go back.  But you might want to give it a shot.  Because have you ever had Laotian food?I really enjoy this place and it has the potential to become a four star place. The food is definitely high quality, hot, fresh and delicious. In this neighborhood, there are very few options for Thai food.  The menu is extensive and the food is always quite flavorful and made with fresh veggies. I like the option of trying Laos or Thai.  The food is what keeps me coming back for more... you won't be disappointed there.
The lunch deal is a great bargain, perfect if you're in the 'hood.  I can't get enough of the hot lemongrass soup (Tom Yum), the green papaya salad, and the Buddha's delight dumplings.  For entrees, I would recommend the Tofu Supreme.  Let me start by saying, you won't be making this at home!  Its a creative masterpiece, a big piece of crispy tofu overstuffed with all sorts of veggies and topped with an amazing tamarind sauce.  A sight to behold.  The curries are very tasty and what you'd probably expect. The only thing that I was slightly disappointed at was the pad thai.  Not as great as it could be.
Now given the review to this point, you'd think i'd rate this place at least four stars... I must say the ambience is lacking here.  Maybe it location, or that its sort of dark, I don't know... but for some reason, this place is always nearly empty.  Its a big place so you often feel alone in a big room with the servers.   Maybe they need more advertising? I don't know... Service is always polite and prompt.  I hope you give this place a shot, is sure deserves to stay open.Many friends recommended this place to me, but I have to say it wasn't that great.
The food is Laotian, but most of the menu items are really really spicy. Order well, and it is a descent dinner. But definitely do not brig picky eaters or children. The menu is just for adventurous.I enjoyed my food, my friend and I split a couple appetizers of Thai Dumplings with a sweet soy sauce, and steak on skewers.  I had a beef curry with carrots and onions in coconut milk, an peanut sauce, it was delicious.  
The environment was nice, as it wasn't very crowded, and pretty quiet. It was also a Tuesday or Wednesday night. This may be a good date place, or good for groups, since it's not overcrowded.  Just not both at the same time.  
The division of the menu between Thai and Laos was confusing at first, but I got the hang of it, and it is interesting to compare the two.  I don't believe I tried any Laos items on the menu, so I will have to go back and try again.I love this place, they have some good Thai and Laos food. My fav is Som tun poo gong. I have a picture for that too. Take a look! I have this dish almost every week. OMG! Is was delicious everytime I went. The food come very quickly and alway right temp. But i have a small issue is little expensive. However, I still want to visit here again.Cafe de Laos, as Caitlin has pointed out, is for those with adventurous culinary tastebuds. I wasn't sure what Laotian cuisine was before going to this restaurant, but I was happy to see that it's a stone's throw from Thai food, which I love.  The menu even included some Thai options like pad Thai, but I opted for the Tilapia, which was lovely and just spicy enough.  I also enjoyed the coconut soup, which had some of my favorite flavors all wrapped up in a soup.  The ambiance is pretty, lots of ornament, very good for a romantic dinner.While other asian cuisines are well represented in Philly, Thai is not. That's why Cafe de Laos really stands out.  I've eaten there over half a dozen times, and it is always really good.  One of the best things is the rice-filled sausage, which is listed under salads (???).  The fried corn cakes are delicious too, as is the decadent Thai Iced Tea ice cream.  They've done a really good job transforming the "strip shopping center" type room into a cozy, attractive space. This is a great place to go for a casual dinner or to bring out-of-town guests for a nice meal.love this place, food is good, tuna lap, is so0o0o good! and tom yum soup seafood is really good especially if you have a cold, or soar throat like i did, service is beyond, the waiters are so nice and knowledge worthy of the menu, i went there for my birthday and they gave my party ice cream and fried bananas free of charge with a candle in it! it was so nice and unexpected, a lot of asian food establishments have a rep for being rude and fast...not this place, they are actually real waiters and the decor is really nice, gives you a real ambiance of laos, byob and i bring sake and they are more than happy to heat it up for me! the coconut ice cream and thai ice tea ice cream is to die for! please make room for it at the end of your dinner. i go here atleast once every 2weeks, being lao american this is pretty close to authentic lao cuisine.A sit-down restaurant serving Laotion, Thai, and Laotion-Thai fusion food (that section is lovingly titled "Thai-Laos Relationship Bridge"). Its a really cute byo and alternative date spot. I don't know much about Laotion food, but I do know I like how they handle their sausage. As a guide, the Laos sausage is under the salad section of the Laos menu, naturally... The sausage are housemade and are a must order. I felt like I was eating chorizo injected with Tom Yum soup, which makes sense, its packed with lemongrass and lime and well crisped on the outside.
An order of beef Om Laos curry proved neither impressive nor unique. Hor Mok Pla w catfish (steamed marinated fish in banana leaf) was more entertaining. The pieces of cat fish were joined by lightly pickled bamboo shoot strings that were subtle but tangy. The menu is HUGE and we barely touched the surface.This was the last place in Philly we stopped before heading back to D.C.  We were looking for a nice place to eat, and were curious about what Lao cuisine was all about.  
When we first entered the restaurant, it was almost completely empty.  There was one person finishing up, but otherwise we had the entire place to ourselves.  There were five people in the group, so there wasn't a big problem getting a seat right away.  The restaurant is nice, and has traditional Thai and Lao decor.  
We ordered both the Thai and the Lao appetizers to try the full flavors of Southeast Asia.  While I enjoyed the Thai papya salad a lot more than the Lao (personally preference), I really enjoyed the Lao beef jerky and the lao sausage.  The Lao sausage was full of spices but not spicy, and its was really flavorful- something that I didn't expect.  
We also ordered the red curry and noodles with chicken.  If you go, you should order a side of the cocunut jasmine rice- it will go very well with any dish.  It's big enough to share with one other person too.  They also have sticky rice which comes in its own bamboo container.  
The service was a little slow- with only the five of us, we managed to be there for two+ hours.  Even when more customers came into the restaurant, it took forever for the food to come out and then for the server to take away our plates.  When we asked for the check, she just flirted with another customer until we had to ask for the check again.  
Overall, the food is good, and one of the onyl places I've seen so far that serves Lao food.  I would go back, if the service was a little faster.I like to go over to the Italian Market area off of Washington Ave and try the various Vietnamese PHO restaurants.  Since it was a Sunday night, many of them were closed, so I was drawn over to this Laos/Thai place instead.  
I've never been disappointed in a Thai restaurant's food.  I go in confident that the flavors/ingredients will speak for themselves.  Last night I ordered a little off my normal course (of Massaman, Panang curries), and tried a traditional Laos meal, called "Om Laos."  It was supposed to have chili, garlic, basil and keffir lime flavors - with veggies and chicken. Those flavors are quite obvious to taste, you would think??   Yikes, a bowl of light green soup, with veg/chicken came out - tasting like NOTHING.  It was so disappointing.  A waste of my $11.
I also ordered the Tom Kha Gai (the coconut based, chicken soup).  It was way too sweet, once again missing the Keffir lime flavors that give it, it's soury goodness! 
My boyfriend ordered a simple dish of Chicken/veg/rice - with Thai Basil flavor since he doesn't like Coconut milk.  His meal was so generic - he said it tasted like a frozen meal from Trader Joe's.  
The only redeeming qualities of this restaurant was the decor and atmosphere.  Next time we'll go to our traditional PHO places and eat for half of the price.This place has fantastic Thia and Laos food.  The pad ki mao aka drunken noodles are delicious.  The spring rolls are very good.  It the best take out Thai food area and the prices are a bit high for take out, as they charge the same as their sit down restaurant.I do not understand the other reviewers who indicated "Beer & wine" only. As of 1/2009 this place is a BYO.
The food here is very good. They have Thai dishes, Laotian dishes and some "relationship bridges". As of 1/2009 the entrees range from $9.95 for Vegetarian to $24.95 for a Laos Steak.
My wife and I usually have soup, salad, and an entree -- and maybe one appetizer if we are hungry and the meal usually comes to about $20 per person including tip. Since we can share a bottle of wine with this, it is a very good deal and the quality of the food is excellent. You can get away for a lot less if you have soup and salad - the salads like the Labb's are quite filling and very, very good.
The wait staff is excellent and very attentive. The atmosphere is relaxed and you do not need to feel pressure to order more than you want.
I recommend this restaurant highly.I went here once after hours with my family because the owner's parents are friends of my parents and they had invited us.  The food is definitely not authentic Lao food but I still liked their buddha's dumpling and i like the decorations inside.I've never had Laotian food before so I don't have anything to compare to. The dishes we ordered from the Laos side of the menu (soup & noodles) were pretty kick-you-in-the-back-of-the-mouth spicy, and really good. 
What I have had a lot of is Thai food, and the dishes we got from that side of the menu were great! The Buddha dumplings were very different and yummy, and scarfed down before I could get more than two bites! Their pad thai was also the best I've had in Philly so far!
The decor is cool and prices pretty standard. The service was very nice but verrrrrrry slow, but the deliciousness of the food pretty much made up for it =)I went here after happy hour at the Devil's Den tonight and got their version of Drunken Noodles for takeout. They said it would take five minutes, and it literally took five minutes. It stayed hot until I got home, which is a huge plus (had to walk from 11th and Ellsworth to Broad and South, plus the subway ride home from Lombard/South to Spring Garden). As for taste, I would give it three to three-and-a-quarter stars. It was a little heavy on the soy sauce. However, the spice was there, which was nice. I'm giving it four stars because it took five minutes, was hot enough to last until I got home, and was tasty enough to make my tipsy self happy. :)Small portions for the price (around $13 per entree), and the menu lacks clarity.  What's the difference between a Laotion and a Thai curry?  At first blush, nothing, if we go only by the description.  Massaman curry was the best dish we ordered.I wasn't too impressed with the food here, and it is pretty expensive especially when you consider that right across the street is a superb Vietnamese restaurant that is dirt cheap.
To be fair, I think my enjoyment of the food may have been muted because the server singed off some of my hair.  I ordered a dish called "young girl on fire" or similar, which is a table-side flambe.  When the food arrived, the server snuck up behind me, put down the plate, and unceremonious (and without warning) lit up the young girl (actually I think it was duck).  I wonder if the other diners noticed the smell of burnt of hair, although maybe they thought that's what Laotian food is supposed to smell like.
Bottom line--I wasn't impressed, I lost some hair, and Nam Phuong is right across the street.Go  here.
Order "Young Girl on Fire".
Thank me later.I keep forgetting how much I love this place. 
It's a great neighborhood Thai-Latotian BYOB. The food is always flavorful and fresh. 
We had chicken in spicy green curry today which had a very nice texture and spicy sour flavor with a sweet smell of coconut. We had some Chicken Pad-Thai that came very freshly made with a sweet tangy flavor. Thai dumplings for appetizers - yum. 
Love it that it's quiet and peaceful there especially in the middle of the week. Love the great selection in the menu. Love the calm service by the same staff that has been there for ages and ages. Love it that it is a BYOB and you can have a quiet conversation at dinner witout having to top the table next to you.
And I love the sticky rice with Mango for desert.
A note about kids - we came with a toddler and they were very accomodating, had a booster seat and high chair and she loved the Pad-Thai.The decor is very nice (love the mosaic elephants), but the food is hit or miss.  I went with a group so I got to try a bunch of different things.  Their Tom Yum soup is delicious, with moderately spicy lemongrass-infused broth and loads and loads and loads of fresh veggies.  (tom) Yum.  Perfect for a FRIGID February night.  We also ordered the Laos sausage (thanks to Jamie S.'s review) and loved all of the kaffir lime goodness.
The entrees were not as successful, but let's start with the good.  Pad Prik Khing - shrimp, red curry paste, string bean, kaffir lime - was a big hit with tangy sauce and fresh, crisp veggies.  I'm also happy to report that the Green Curry was not overwhelmingly sweet or coconut-y.  On the otherhand, the Som Tum Laos - fresh grated green papaya with fermented fish & tomatoes - was just too fermented.  I consider myself to be an adventurous eater, but I could not get past the rotten smell/taste. Som Tum Laos: 1, Hayley: 0.  I also was not impressed with the Holy Basil - the sauce was bland and there was little basil to speak of.
Philly has a severe lack of good Thai options, so I would come back here if the mood should strike me, especially since it's BYOB...but next time I'm going to try the noodles.This place really is as good as it gets. The food is superb- spicy, original, fresh. The service is quiet, efficient, and good-natured. The location is also a plus, as there is street parking available and it's just off of Washington Ave. It gets overshadowed by the Vietnamese/Chinese places that surround it, but I'm glad because Cafe de Laos is never packed or loud. The BYOB is a huge plus, too. 
I tend to stick with curries because I know what I like and because the menu is massive! I've tried several of the Thai and Laos curries and haven't been disappointed yet. I don't think I enjoyed the Pad Thai so much at this place though, but I think it could've been because I tried branching out and really wanted the curry anyway! It happens! 
I tried the appetizer that has a taste of everything and wasn't super-impressed. It was fun to try a bit of everything though and we did finish it, but overall, I'm not that impressed with the apps. The soups are good and that's what I generally choose if getting something before my delicious curry :)Good curry with super friendly service. No complaints.I ate here for the first time today and the food was terrific. I had the lunch special (soup, appetizer, and entree for $9). Pretty empty place during the lunch hours so getting a table is definitely not a problem. Took about 10 minutes between each food item bring served so the wait wasn't too bad either. Encountered zero problems while dining. Overall, I would recommend this place and I'll definitely be coming back to try the other items on the menu as well.Everytime i go to this restaurant it's quiet and not really busy for lunch and dinner.  It's a small restaurant with nice decor. The waiters are nice and soft spoken. 
If it's going to be your first time trying this place i recommend you go during lunch. So you can try what they have to offer than to spend about $10 a dish. They have a lunch menu i think it's from 11-3pm. I think that's the price for the lunch menu not too sure since i order other dishes on top of that. 
For the lunch menu you get to pick a choice of soup, appetizer, and entree.  The portions are okay. I like the tom yum or chicken coconut soup. For the appetizer i like the thai dumplings it's really yummy. And for entree i tried almost everything they had to offer but i can't remember which one stands out the most. 
I like the laos papaya salad and the beef jerky. If you never tried it asked the waiter first before trying it. Some people might not like it.I think maybe our waittress was rude to us (at least at first), though I can't be sure because there is that language/cultural barrier.  Even so, it wasn't bubbling enthusiasm and hospitality that I was getting from her. My friend and I always seem to show up to a restaurant just before parties start filing in - which is a great thing for us, though it definitely throws us off when we first walk in.  At any rate, it was empty when we arrived and yet, we felt like they really didn't want us there. 
As for the food, my chicken/rice/veggie combo was essentially fried rice without egg.  It was not very exciting, but I should chalk this up to me being both somewhat ignorant of Thai food and also, somewhat afraid of spicey things.  Still, it could have been at least slightly more interesting/tasty. 
I will probably try this again, as I do really like Thai food and I feel that it's possible I just ordered something boring from their extensive menu. (My judgement of the ambience/staff still stands.)Cafe De Laos should be under scientific observation because somehow the radio is still receiving signals from 1997. While deciding which bowl of stuff to order I was assaulted by Hanson's Mmmbop, some Spice Girls and R. Kelly's I Believe I Can Fly for the first time in over a decade. It might just be that there is something truly miraculous happening in the magnetosphere but I suspect something more ominous. While pretending to go to the bathroom I had a peek around for anything out of the ordinary. I found no evidence of Communist subversion but then again, I am no expert. 
The quality of the food put my mind at ease for the moment. I doubt a front for high powered transmission equipment would be any good foodwise, but again I'm not an expert.this restaurant is a two man show. the cook/chef and the host-waiter-cashier-busboy extraordinaire. that's cuz the entire time we dined there on a tuesday night, there was only one other couple that came in halfway through our meal and a guy who came to pick up his takeout.
it's located near the corner of 11th and washington ave, so it's in direct competition with a plethora of vietnamese restaurants. 
i decided to order from the laotian side of the menu because i've had enough mediocre thai in this city to last me a lifetime. i went with the green curry with catfish (kaeng keo kwan pla duk - i had to look this up). 
catfish is not my first choice of fish, but it's very popular in laos (as verified by a quick google search). however, the catfish itself was essentially flavorless - either that or the coconut milk was so strong it masked the taste of the catfish. i love the assortment of vegetables that come in the curry, but it takes away from the catfish as the centerpiece of the dish.
portions are filling, but a bit small for the price. just sayin. and i think the prices are also a tad high for this part of town.
cafe de laos didn't elicit any type of strong response from me, one way or the other.Tried the inexpensive lunch menu at Café de Laos yesterday and came away very underwhelmed by the food offered.  Maybe some of criticism of the lunch might be connected to the word "inexpensive" - what can reasonably be expected from a $8.95 three course lunch?  More, is my answer.
Two of the soups offered in the lunch menu were tasty and good, the lemon grass and the spicy mushroom soup.  The jasmine soup was innocuous at best.  Of the small appetizers, the chicken salad was actually quite good even though the mélange of herbs and spices was very basic.  The same can be said for the vegetable roll and dumplings, featuring identical fillings but good.  
Where the lunch veered off into meh territory was with the main plates: insipid beef curry, chicken with flat noodles or sweet/sour beef whose sauces almost seemed interchangeable, running together in that dreaded miasma of Chinese restaurant brown sauce syndrome (even though our sauces were red).
Does Café de Laos prepare the dishes with more sophistication and care when ordering in the evening or a la carte?  We were, by the way, the only customers for the entire lunch hour.