I got delivery from here today from lunch.  The delivery was very quick, within 15 minutes of placing the order.  I got the brie sandwich - definitely recommended.  Brie and apples on toasted cranberry bread.  The taste of the brie goes very well with the apples to balance the tartness. I got it with the israeli salad which had a little too much olive oil but it had a nice lemon kick to it.Breakfast and COFFEE is super-important to me.  So, when I travel, it's a pretty big question of mine...where am I going to find something close to my hotel, that will not cost a fortune and will be healthy and fresh?  
When I traveled to Philadelphia recently from San Francisco, I found this place on my first morning trolling the Old City for coffee (which is appallingly hard to find at 11:30am on a Saturday morning).  Thank god for Cafe Ole!  I ended up getting take-out breakfast each morning of my trip.  Good coffee.  Great breakfast wraps.  Great yogurt parfait.Stopped here after free yoga on the Delaware River for breakfast. Get the lox bagel on a multi grain bagel! So much salmon, so delicious!This has turned into my breakfast place of choice whenever I'm in town. The bagels are the wide, thin variety. Quite good, although I actually prefer South Street's bagels when I'm in Philly. Friends always rave about their shakshuka, though, which is why we always end up here. It's not really my kind of breakfast dish, but it does look like a hardy way to start the day and it's an unusual dish to find anywhere. 
The atmosphere is great, too. Plenty of tables inside including a big family sized table up front by the window, and tables outside on the front and side when the weather is warm. 
A short walk from anywhere in Old City, this'll continue to be my go-to breakfast joint in town.Yeah, they rock too!! How perfect is their Iced Tea! With a sprig of mint, it is the most refreshing drink on the planet!!! I mean it, on the @!#$%^& planet! It always smells great in there and they have a great breakfast menu. My goal is to buy everything in the place. It's also a great place to escape to for a while. Cafe Ole is in the perfect location as well to get all kinds of interesting people coming through at all time. Yeah, they rock too!!Cafe Ole is decent, but a bit bizarre. The food is tasty - I most recently had a European grilled cheese. 
The confusing part is paying. Seems like you just pay whenever you want, before during or after your meal. Not that this is a bad policy, it just stresses me out for some reason.The bad: My wrap was a soggy and weird texture. The good: An excellent flavor combination made up for the sogginess and I still enjoyed it. Good service.People in the 'hood joke that this place should be called "Cafe Go Away!" and I can't argue. If you actually make it to the front of the line--which often takes 15 minutes for one cup of coffee--the counterpeople seem annoyed and distracted, which leaves me annoyed. Why do I even bother? The excellent chai selection and cold mint tea, as well as outdoor seating. But I don't bother often, and if you're on a time crunch, or abhor apathetic service, you shouldn't either.Great ambiance.  Got there too late in the day for the shakshuka, but enjoyed the soup instead.  One of those places that has a weird wonderful vibe with good food.Great outdoor seating when the weather is warm.  Friendly staff and always a good crowd of people eating and drinking coffee.  Love the baklava and spinach salad with goat cheese, cranberries and walnuts.Pretty amazing place. Very busy, but quick service and great food! I had the best tuna fish sandwich (heated) that I think I've ever had. A cup of very tasty and just a a little spicy, tomato soup. Nice cappucchino to wash'er down. Great place!Cafe Ole is one of my favorite places in the city. The food, staff, Israeli music and overall atmosphere make coming to eat here such a pleasure!I've had a few sandwiches and a few drinks.
Delicious. Slightly overpriced, but delicious. You do get what you're paying for. All staff members are friendly. It's a little cramped inside, but the street seating is PERFECT. Just wait for the warm weather of course.Excellent for breakfast and lunch!! I stumbled across Cafe Ole one hectic morning in between client appointments. I really just needed Wifi access because for some reason Startbucks was closed. I only ordered a latte and a banana to justify my internet use, but the coffee and friendly service were exceptional! I noticed other diners enjoying pancakes and eggs, which looked delicious!
My second trip was during another hectic work day. I had only 20 minutes to order and eat so I opted to order something pre-made in refrigerated display. My choice: Spinach Salad--baby spinach, a generous portion of goat cheese, walnuts, and dried cranberries with the most delicious pesto dressing on the side. I never eat dressing but this was actually house made pesto! Soooo good with the goat cheese! I should also mention that by the time it was my turn to order, all the Spinach Salads had been taken. I asked how long it would be...they said 3 minutes. I was nervous to take the chance since I was in such a time crunch, but in less than 3 minutes I was happily eating my amazing salad! I have been craving it ever since!I bought a cup (the cafe was muy cute, clean, and was staffed with friendly baristas) and made my way to Elfreth's Alley, walking over cobblestone roads. The weather was unreal (freakishly warm, even in mid-November!) and my coffee was a great traveling companion for me to bask in the beauty that was historical downtown. 
TLDR: solid coffee in the heart of historic Philly.I'm the kind of girl who likes to have options. I am NOT the kind of girl who will go back to a place again and again when I have other nearby options I'm yet to try... unless it's someplace I am absolutely crazy about. On a recent visit to Philly, I was in search of a hideout to get some work done in Old City, and Cafe Olé came highly recommended so I thought I'd give it a shot. 
I am sooooo glad I did!
I liked Cafe Olé so much that I ended up visiting twice in a 36-hour period -- something very out of character for this urban explorer. Outdoor seating, free refills on coffee, free wifi, and delicious sandwiches! Happy yellow paint echoed my pleasure over the friendly and inviting atmosphere. Favorite Spanish pop stars like Estopa, Bebe, and Manu Chao had me dancing in my chair for hours as I leisurely got my caffeine buzz on and conquered a textbook or two. 
Screw options, Cafe Olé is as good as it gets. I'll definitely be coming back here again and again!This is the typical small coffee shop that you expect to find in cities. The food is simple yet fresh and tasty. They have a wide assortment of chai tea, which they will top with a foamy leaf pattern. The folks there are laid back and friendly. One of the perks of living in an urban area is because there are little shops like this.Great for coffee, hot chocolate and maybe a sweet treat. The sandwiches and other food options though are overpriced for what you get, and there always seem to be flies everywhere.My special friend and I like to stop at a different coffee shop each time we're headed out of town - just to grab a quick bite and some caffeine.  Cafe Ole is one of the places I always forget, probably because its location makes it possible to escape our notice. I'm glad we remembered this time. We were grumpy as hell when we stumbled in and we were smiling like dim-witted kids with massive lollipops when we left. The staff are always so friendly and the food and coffee are darn tasty.I've been waiting a long time to do a review here bc I wanted it to be just right, seeing as how I eat here at least 3 times a week :)  So here it goes:
(+)Things you MUST try:  
   1)French Toast (SO SO good)
   2) Grilled Chicken Sandwich... my favorite AND it warms up great if you don't eat it all!!
   3) Hummus- the best I've had in the city
   4) Spiced Chai Tea - You will NOT find chai tea this good anywhere else, make sure you get it with whole milk and I usually ask them to go a little light on the cream.
(-)Things that don't do the place justice:
     1) Tuna salad sandwich- bread is kinda hard
     2) breakfast burrito- least favorite thing there, mostly bc I feel like        the salsa is more like tomato paste than salsa
Overall:
(+) great prices considering the quality of food
(+) WAY better than the starbucks down the street
(+) Serves breakfast til 2pm EVERY DAY
(-) close somewhat early
(-) no A/C in the summer
(-) Not a lot of seating bc of popularity, I always get my stuff to go, but 90% of the time it's not a problem
And given those last three negatives which are huge to me, I still think it is the best cafe I've been to.  Go now!  And order the chai tea!Came across this place while walking through old city and decided to give it a try for brunch. Loved the casual ambience and luckily for me got one of the 3 outdoor seating spots. We tried the pesto omelette and French toast and both were delicious. 
They have ready to go options along with menu options for someone looking for a quick bite. The prices are good and I will certainly keep this place in mind anytime I am in the neighborhood.love going to this place.  good food, especially for a coffee shop.  good variety too.  and yummy options for a vegetarian, even better!  
though much of the food/ sandwiches are prepared early in the day and then reheated, etc....the ingredients taste fresh and good.  it is welcoming, the staff is friendly and it is just a great spot overall.  i usually go out of my way when i am in the area to hit it up.  good stuff.....Great place. Great coffee and great people. The food is pretty good too, tuna nicoise toasted is my fave.Funny how you live near a place for 3 years and never really know they offer food?!  I recently had breakfast with some friends at Cafe Ole and was very impressed.  It is a bit of a pain that you have to go pick your food up from the counter, but it's well worth it!  The croissant, egg, turkey sausage, and cheese breakfast sandwich is out of this world!  It's a great place to relax and enjoy a quick nosh!Hi energy, a barista with an accent, and fast service make this place a win for anyone on a walk about of old city. New artwork is common around here. Open doors and windows let the air in and keep things fresh. 
This is a great place for a fast coffee, breakfast or lunch and can very easily support a slow morning.I decided I would review this place today because I literally had a dream about their stuffed grape leaves last night... I wonder what that says about my psychological state. 
Anyway, this place is really charming. The hummus plate is my usual - big ol' thing of hummus, two pitas, cucumber salad, grape leaves (yum) and a bunch of green olives. 
I usually get a gob of the hummus on the pita, roll it up with the cucumbers and some olives to make a little hummus burrito. Some may say that's blasphemy, but I am a busy dude and that's a flavor explosion that I just can't resist. 
I always save the grape leaves for last... they taste like what my grandmother's grape leaves would taste like if my grandmother was from Greece instead of Pittsburgh... really good in a homey/comforting sort of way. They are moist, with subtle flavors of oregano and lemon... highly recommended.  
Great/attentive staff. Not sure where they're from, but many of the women that work there have beautiful accents which makes me feel like I am getting "legit" hummus. 
I usually get my food to go, but have sat for lunch/worked on my laptop in the restaurant. A nice experience, but a bit loud during the busy lunch hour. They regularly feature local art that is actually worth a damn... I hope you check this place out.I've had breakfast here twice. I thought the Croissant French Toast stuffed with banana was the best item on the menu until I had the Shakshuka. Both are worth the trip.Great cafe- good food, coffee, music, and service. Also, food prices are discounted between 6 and 7pm. Great spot.This has become my favorite coffee stop. The drinks are delicious and skillfully made. The food is superb and made with real, nutritious ingredients.
What really sets it apart is the warm and welcoming staff. The newer coffee shops emerging seem to have forgotten the art of customer service. It really does go a long way.How to review this place? I'm a fan of the atmosphere- Nice place to chill on a Tuesday aftetnoon.  My chicken wrap was awesome- high quality olives, feta, pesto mayo.  I mean, amazing.  The iced coffee too was really good.  But how these 2 items came to over $11 I cannot fathom.  On the menu, the wrap is listed at $6.75, and the iced coffee at ($3.25 for 24 oz.). Maybe a city sales tax?  I'd go ask the person behind the counter, but she's telling everyone who comes to the counter how busy she is, and I don't want to trouble her.  Not sure what to make of the service here.   On the one hand, the lady behind the counter is pleasant enough, but customers should not have to feel like their presence is an inconvenience-especially when the place really doesn't seem that busy.  But with the counter person going on about almost being out of clean dishes and being so busy (yet saying she always works alone), I wonder whether other places in the area wouldn't have been a better choice.Nice cafe for coffee, tea or a bite to eat.  There was an extensive menu on the wall.  Some people were eating breakfast and brunch.  We just had tea and croissant.  Definitely worth stopping by.This place has a great selection of menu. I like their breakfast and brunch menu and choice of coffee.. Although I don't mind to repeat my order vut they should think of a better way for the order system. It was somewhat confusing, they don't quite have a system of who ordered what and whether the order was a dine-in or take outat. I also hope they can wipe down the table more often. I need to spot for a clean one in the line of tableMy husband and I stumbled upon this place for brunch while walking around Philly Free Streets a few weeks ago. We stopped in for a coffee but after looking at the menu decided to stay and eat. So glad we did! 
The place is small and cozy, but this makes for a little bit of difficulty in looking at the menu, ordering, and also getting your food through the crowds once it's ready. Once seated with everything you need, it's totally worth it though. I liked the vibe of the cafe and the fact that it was very authentic.
Coffee was good and strong. The shakshuka was so delicious, one of the best I've had. It comes with this amazing feta cheese and bread to dip. The portion is a good size but that didn't stop us from eating up the whole dish! We also got the whitefish platter, because what Jew doesn't love a good whitefish bagel?! The platter was huge, although it only came with one bagel. We piled each of our half bagel high with fresh whitefish, capers, onions, tomatoes, lettuce, cucumber, and olives. Sooo good. 
Pretty happy we randomly found this cafe and I'm sure we'll be back soon!Well, they serve La Columbe coffee, the flavored body of which does not have as much depth as the roaster's location, but does pretty well in its one-size-fits-all cup and cheaper price for the refills.
The music playing this evening included the Smiths, Nick Cave, and I believe Antony and the Johnsons, which was hip enough for me to pay attention and laid back enough for me to get work done. Speaking of getting things done, no one bothered me or gave me a second glance as I read D. H. Lawrence's the Rainbow (well, the introduction), and a communist newspaper. Both are good qualities in a cafe, at least by my book of books.
Speaking of which, the majority of the customers/visitors were indeed doing work--reading, such as myself, or using a computer, or engaged in some group activity. There were a couple couples that chilled outside, as the December Globally-Warmed Climate allowed for that to be comfortable. All in all, there are probably ten tables, including the two outside. But the place is a bit crowded, with tables each fitting around four people total, so I would not recommend large groups.
The food was fine. Check out the semi-strange selection of sandwiches and omelets. I tried the Brie Sandwich, which include Brie (not sure the kind), granny smith apples, on toasted raisin bread. It wasn't the most complex thing in the world but I've never heard anything like it so I gave it a shot. Great bargain--four bucks. There were also bigger sandwiches on hoagey-style rolls, and salads, and soups. Also, sandwiches come with free salad or chips. I went with the salad. A lot of cucumbers but I hear those things are good for you, so I'm over my marked distaste for them.
The barista, or counter help, was a nice woman who seemed helpful and friendly to most customers. I'd definitely go back, and in fact, let's switch that tense over--I will definitely go back. It helps that the place is located in one of the hippest neighborhoods in Philadelphia--Northern Liberties--and it helps that there's a lot of cool galleries/bars nearby, Market Street a five minute walk southwards, and highways on the other side, tearing the neighborhood apart. The Benny Frank Bridge is just around the corner too, for all you Camden-types that need to get out.I would like to add to my previous review:
-Near closing time (after 5pm? or it might be after 6pm...) their sandwiches are half-off, which makes them about $4 each. Great lunch option for next day.
-For breakfast, salsa omelette with brie is really good, and very unexpected (in a good way) for this type of place (IMO).
-Their lentil soup (when they have it for special) is really really good. Robust, full of flavor.
-They make a little heart or tree shaped froth milk topping on your latte/cappuccino when they pour the milk. Pretty cute. They showed me how to do it, and I tried to do it at home, but failed miserably and burned my cup-holding hand.As winter's first snow flurries began to drift into Olde City, my housemate and I decided to pay Cafe Ole a visit to (1) avoid the cold and (2) attempt to do some work. Both the exterior and interior decor are quaintly charming and homey. Upon stepping in, the wonderful smells of shakshuka, baked goods, and coffee fill your senses and any attempts to resist ordering something is futile. 
Pros:
-- Food is obviously delicious
-- Service is fast and staff are efficient
-- I ordered a Lox Bagel Sandwich and requested very little cream cheese. They are the only place that has actually understood what "little" means!!! So Cafe Ole, thank you for making my Lox breakfast the Lox breakfast of my dreams!
-- They bring the food to you after you order and take your plates away when you're done
Cons:
-- Outlets are accessible to only a few tables really. Perhaps if you have a longer charger, you could reach some.
-- The high table near the door is the most spacious in terms of surface area and has 4 outlet jacks, but it is right next to the door so be prepared to constantly be hit with cold area if you dare sit there
-- Cafe Ole is super busy on the weekends (regardless of time), so it's not an ideal place to do work if you easily get distracted
-- If you're doing work with a friend, I wouldn't recommend Cafe Ole since the tables are small and it just barely holds 2 Mac laptops
Cafe Ole is definitely a place I would go to grab a quick bite for either eat-in or to go, but not somewhere I would try to sit down in and do work (at least on the weekends, anyway). If you are in the area and want food, definitely check Cafe Ole out!The dishes are still dirty and the laundry is piling up... all in the  service of Yelp!  
So it was a hot sunny day, and I needed to escape my cube.  I thought to myself, where can I find good, quick eats within walking distance?  And Cafe Ole sprung to mind.  It's in the old Quarry St Cafe storefront.  Anyone remember that place?  An old favorite haunt of mine, back when a certain club owner wasn't such a tool... or maybe he was, but this place was cool.
Anyway, I digress yet again.  Cafe Ole, right.  It's a bustling little cafe, more cafe than coffeeshop due to a large and Israeli-oriented menu.  The woman who owns it is all business & that's a good thing.   Despite the crowds, I was in & out of there in 5 minutes with a delicious baguette style panini sandwich with tomato, fresh mozz, kalamatas & pesto.  It was $9 with tax but on the large side.  Figure about this price for a hearty lunch, or a few bucks more with a drink.  Not the cheapest, but quick & tasty.  A definite plus when it comes to lunchtime eats.I've been going to yoga around this cafe, and every time I walk by there is such an aromatic delicious smell, it naturally drew me in. 
I've yet to get any coffee, pastries or other goodies but my boyfriend and I split the European Grilled Cheese and the Vegetable Shakshuka, came to about $20. 
It's not cheap, but it was really delicious and my first ever shakshuka which has led me to make it this week at home! It's a delicious blend of tomatoes, cumin, paprika and poached eggs -- ours was filled with veggies and chickpeas, although they have other options of chicken or hummus ( not on menu).
The grilled cheese had great flavor too.
Overall, although it was not a cheap meal, it was really delicious and just a cute shop to stop on a nice day. They have some outdoor seating as well, in the cutesy antique shop area of old cityAmazing food and bountiful portions!   The omelets come with a side of Cucumber salad, bread and a labne type of cheese.   The shakshuka is amazing and the tarts are delicious!  Great way to start the day!Had breakfast here before my friend took me to the station. The menu had so many yummy sounding dishes that I couldn't make up my mind! I finally chose the croissant sandwich which is egg and cheese in between the delicious flaky heaven of that curvy baked good. It was exactly what I'd hoped for and considered ordering another. Decided not to and I can't say that was not a mistake. Oh well. Next time. 
The café is small but with adequate seating and a fun vibe. I hear good things about the shakshuka and their pastries looked appetizing. Worth a visit and will make sure to come back when I'm in Philly.favorite place to grab lunch and get some work done. lovely atmosphere. in the summer they open all the doors and its so pleasant. greek salad is the best in the area. great coffee and the BEST mint green tea ever. it is so so good and free refills which makes the $3.50 way worth it, especially if you're hanging out. the staff are all really nice and engaging. definitely pass by starbucks and walk the extra block for this place. it's awesome.I can't believe I haven't gotten around to writing a review of this place yet - it's my go-to study spot and I love it!  
Cafe Ole basically has all the makings for a 5 hour-long study session during finals time...I usually come in around 11 am on a weekday (to beat the lunchtime rush) and start a tab...I start with some iced coffee (I'm pretty sure there are free refills) and then follow up with the bangin Shaushuka or a Euro grilled cheese sandwich.  They have a huge menu of breakfast food (served til 3pm) and premade sandwiches and salads...honestly, everything looks amazing but I just stick to my usual two items bc I'm a creature of habit. 
The only thing I would caution about is that it can get pretty crowded on weekends and during lunch hour, and that there aren't as many outlets as I'd like.  (though, that's not an issue for a lot of people who just come, eat, and leave)  Other than that, the food and service are both on point.Cafe Ole might be dubbed Cafe OK, because it is just that. The atmosphere is nothing desirable, and the coffee takes like coffee. It's nice to sit outside, and the food tends to be good. But I'll take the consistency and atmosphere of Starbucks over this.The long and short of it, I walked out of Cafe Ole a happy customer.
We checked out this place upon a recommendation from a concierge, and it turned out to be a good idea.  I was a little apprehensive.  I had never been to a coffee house that had an Israeli-influenced menu.  However, the lovely lady behind the counter was able to point me in the right direction, and I ordered a egg white turkey wrap and a chai.
AWESOME!  The portions were ample, and the ingredients were fresh.  I felt like I had eaten a hearty meal, but without feeling like it was going to sit like a rock in my stomach throughout the morning.
Although it was busy, we didn't have any trouble finding a nice sized table (big enough to enjoy a newspaper on).  The atmosphere was friendly, and you could see that there were folks there that were regulars.
I would definitely come back here again.  Maybe for a lunch...  :)
Thanks, Cafe Ole!After a disappointing walk to the middle of nowhere Cafe Estelle, my friend and I decided to skip the 40 minute wait and head back to Old City for Sunday brunch. Cafe Ole is what we happened upon, and we were seriously glad about that!
We were insanely starved and, since they were out of the portobello wrap, we went for French toast and a toasted veggie wrap -- yummily filled with tofu, red peppers, chickpeas, spinach and some kind of wonderful spices -- which came with either chips of a side salad of chopped cucumbers and tomatoes in light dressing. Add a little salt to that, and it's mighty refreshing. the cinnamon raisin bagel, with crunchy cinnamon sugar topping on top and cranberries inside was the only thing that was only so so. 
Aot to mention, in full, the meal was super-filling! Also filling was the skim green tea chai. mmmmm. But geez did the pastry section look goooood. larger (impending) Mmmmmmm. 
The people hanging out seemed chill, though in their own little worlds, which can refreshing in itself sometimes. And the rushed servers behind their lovely counter were super sweet. You can tell it'd be nice to be a regular there...In a world where there's a Starbucks on every corner (almost literally in some places), it always warms my heart to see an independent coffee shop.  Cafe Ole is just such a place.  Located on 3rd Street, north of Market, this place serves coffee, tea, healthy pre-made sandwiches and salads, fruit, desserts, etc.  You can park yourself at a table outside while enjoying their wireless internet (which won't be much of a novelty soon, since Philly is going completely wireless), or you can sit indoors and enjoy the local artwork, friendly staff, and independent ambiance.  Personally, I think Starbucks' coffee is bitter - like burned dirt - so I prefer the coffee at Cafe Ole.  Or any independent coffee shop.  Or Wawa for that matter.  But my coffee tastes aside, this is a great little place to enjoy a cup 'o joe and a good book or good conversation.  Ole!This is my new go-to place for studying whenever I'm in the Philly Old City area.  While I have found the coffee to be decent, it is actually not the strongest part of this coffeeshop.  What this establishment does have going for it is it's consistently tasty food (yum yum Israeli shakshuka), eclectic and interesting music, and consistently friendly staff.  Great atmosphere for sitting around and getting some work done.Been here many times. Small
cozy atmosphere.  Today we decided to go here for brunch. We had Shakshuka, a traditional Israeli breakfast and a white fish salad meal.  Both were delicious. They have great coffee, humus and desserts as well.  Staff are very warm, friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend for anyone to check the place out.I ordered a breakfast wrap, it was delicious! The wrap itself was big, I was expecting something small, but the size of it was a big portion. The vibe of the restaurant was very cool too, I would definitely go back!It's my favorite place on earth. Coffee is great. Food is always good. Not as much fun without the dogs. (no dogs allowed anymore) Staff makes my coffee when they see me walk in. The outside seating is great on a nice day.(dog friendly) Good  people  watching.Good coffee shop. Stopped in to do some work. Be Fady because this place is packed. The food looked good although I did not have any. Everyone was raving about the shakshulah. The one hung that keeps me from awarding that 5th star is that there was no AC in the place. It was pretty hot out and even hotter inside. Luckily I was able to sit outside in the shade but hose tables are hard to get.Had an amazing brunch here on a weekend trip to Philly. The girls at the front counter were super friendly and cleared our plates at the end of the meal. The ice coffee was strong and delicious. My friend had the lox platter with everything bagel and I had an egg white omelette with spinach feta pepper and onions. My platter came with Israeli salad, guacamole, and a yummy side of fresh Greek yogurt, s&p and olive oil. Generous proportions and fresh ingredients, highly recommended.I watched in horror as the barista hit the espresso handle on the trashcan and put it back into the machine. Thats not sanitary miss.
Cafe Ole is an okay spot if you don't mind it being a bit crowded. They're always friendly and quick. The bagels are just right. They'll only give you a frequent buyer card if you ask but then every 6th coffee or so is free.
I go here because of the free refills!Nice place with hommy Mediterranean-American food, vegan friendly with few dishes. Free wifi and a welcoming atmosphere.I ordered the Nutella crepe off of UberEATS and loved it! They managed to make a nice presentation in a white takeout box and it was delicious. The crepe is stuffed with strawberries and bananas which went perfectly with the Nutella. If you're in the mood for a dessert breakfast, this crepe hits the spot.I have been here a few times now, and have been really happy with the drink selection. I have ordered coffee, iced green tea, and an iced chia; all were awesome. My favorite of the three I have had was the iced green tea, and I recommend that anyone stops in this place to try it! 
Though I loved the drinks, I was not super impressed by the food. Ordered a chicken and mozzarella sandwich. They heated it up on a panini press, and served it with a salad (cucumbers, tomato, oil and vinegar). The salad wasn't fresh, and I didn't care for it much.  I thought the sandwich was decently tasty, and would definitely try it again.As everyone else here mentioned, the shashuska is to die for. So much better than anywhere else I've been to, and the price is right too. I go to Yoga on the Pier, if you are a student there, you can get 10% off your order which is nice as Race Street Pier is quite close to Cafe Ole. Had a breakfast pumpernickel bagel with egg and cheese. Ingredients seemed fresh, although the price was a bit high perhaps. The bagels are thin and wide, which may or may not be your style.This is one of my favorite places in old city. Mint iced green tea, and vanilla lattes with almond milk are my favorites! Really great salads, and the cucumber side salad is delicious.This place has the best coffee around. They also have a cherry apple nut bagel that I dream about. The people who work there are like a comedy act and really seem to enjoy the chaos that comes with running a popular coffee shop. But it's always so busy I have yet to be able to eat my food there, and my biggest quip is that they are not open when I'm on my way to work. Big setback. I do have to be at work early but I don't think it's unreasonable for a coffee shop to be open early. So this has become my weekend take out breakfast place. Ps the sandwiches look delicious but have yet to try themThis is my new "working remotely" spot.  Great place to come and get coffee - free re-fills.  Just don't come and ask for decaf - only have decaf tea selections.  Best wi-fi connection I've found, so I can work and connect to remote desktops and not be bogged down by a bad connection.  So far have only gotten lunch once, which was this rediculously robust and delicious white fish salad with a multi-grain bagel - check out the pictures associated with Ole Cafe.  Also, perfect place to go, get an iced coffee and sit outside at on a beautiful day.  Just don't start coming here too frequently or bring soooo many people that I have no where to work anymore!This is what makes Old City such a great place to live.  Small neighborhood coffee shop with great food, great people and coffee in a real cup with free refills.  Grab a book or meet some friends - either way Cafe Ole is the spot to hang.Great coffee, sandwiches, salads and pastries!  My go to place when I work from home!!Sidewalk tables, breeze from the river and one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten: European cheese sandwich grilled in a sandwich press alongside the whole grain pita they were warming for our Mediterranean salad plate. Obviously a neighborhood hangout with original artwork on the walls and lots of friendly conversation at the tables.After complaining to too many people about the lack of healthy-ish, delicious and inexpensive non-pizza options for lunch in Old City, and after all of those people telling me to go to Cafe Ole, I finally went  today. It was indeed delicious, and fairly healthy, but not exactly inexpensive. I got the Mediterranean Plate -- generous portions of homemade hummus and chopped cucumber+ tomato salad, plus two big pitas, two stuffed grape leaves, a handful of green AND black olives, and several big chunks of feta. It was so good, and way too much food. This would be perfect for two people, but it wasn't something I could eat at one sitting or get in a doggy bag. Seems silly to complain about too much food, but it was an embarrassment of riches. The Mediterranean Plate plus a small bottle of water was $10 and change.
A bonus: They serve breakfast (all sorts of omelettes etc.) until late in the afternoon.Pretty good neighborhood cafe, they have great salads and sandwiches, the goat with brie is a classic but they do it well.  Good seating space ( outside as well) noise level for doing work, and doesn't get too crowded. I don't drink coffee, so can't comment on that, but have gone with friends and don't remember any complaints.  It's also in a nice street, charming and great for boutique and vintage shopping.Phenomenal! They had the best iced coffee I have ever had. I make sure to stop by every time I'm in Philly. They also have outdoor seating where you can bring your pets along to enjoy!Just moved to Philly and needed a place to eat and study.  Cafe Ole is only a few blocks from my apartment, and it felt very welcoming when I walked by.  The food is tasty and the coffee is great (though pricey - I think they raised the prices just recently).Just had the best omelette I have ever had here. Goat cheese, lox, and capers. There is also Israeli music playing in the background. Just an awesome place for brunch/coffee/sandwiches. I will be back. Probably tomorrow.I've been avoiding cafe ole for the past few months due to consistently bad experiences where the food has been of poor quality.  Each of these problems have happened on more than one occasion (in some instances 3+):
1.  The shakshuka is either overcooked or undercooked.  If you order it as is, you get eggs that are cooked to hell - they might as well be hard boiled.  If you ask for the eggs runny, you get raw eggs.  I love this dish, but I've stopped ordering it since I can't seem it get it cooked right.
2.  The salads are covered in oil.  I'm not sure why - they come with dressing.
3.  The cheese on the sandwiches is now grated muenster instead of sliced - it falls all over the place and you can't even taste it.
I'll be back, I'm just not over it yet.Hmm... I don't know what to say that hasn't been said. Cafe Ole is amazing. True, it is more "corner store bistro" than the traditional coffee shop but... hey. I like corner store bistros. The service was friendly and genuine. The food was amazing. I didn't try the coffee but I will have to go back when I am in the area again. I give this place 5 stars.Very good sandwich, reasonably priced. I haven't tried any drinks yet, but I'm sure I'll be back. I suspect that what a previous reviewer called 'rude' was a certain brusqueness that people from the country of origin of the women behind the counter are known for. I found them to be perfectly friendly.Walked into this cafe while visiting Philly.  We ordered two salads when they were not made fresh, they were pulled right out of the display case.  The salads tasted fine, what was a little odd was the service.  The waitress/cashier wanted to give us a bagel.  She just slid the plate to us on the counter and insisted we take the bagel because she had extra.  She said it was at no charge but we weren't interested and it went back and forth a little until she accepted we didn't want it.  Weird.  Anyway the food was fine.  The pumpkin pie latte was tasty.  The seating was cramped and the table available during our lunch was right next to the bathroom and people were constantly opening the door right near our table to go in and out. I wouldn't go again, maybe just for a latte.Great little neighborhood spot with outside seating for nice weather days.
They have great sandwich options and a toaster oven to make them more delicious.  If I were to recommend just one thing on their menu, it would be the shakshuka.  Not a lot of places to get this yummy middle-eastern poached egg dish in the city and they do it well here.  It's big enough to share too!A place for old Bohemians. 
I wound up at Cafe Ole one morning because the Wedge & Fig was, annoyingly, not open yet. Since I suffer from an affliction known as 'hanger' (anger resulting from hunger), Lady Mary suggested the nearest geographical place to our location, Cafe Ole. 
We walked into bright room, full of hippies, and free spirits from the continent. Joy. 
Apparently there is no table service. We arrived at that conclusion after sitting at our table for 10 minutes with no greeting. The sign directing orders to be taken at the counter was either backpacking across eastern Europe, or was never conceived. We waited in line to place food orders as elderly couples caressed each other, and looked longly into each other's eyes. Nothing to whet the old appetite like a long haired Spaniard snogging his 4th wife. Hanger was rapidly setting in, but I couldn't see my way clear to order any food from this establishment, and opted only for a coffee. Lady Mary, being much more gentile, granted Ole the benefit of the doubt, and ordered the lox plate. 
Tangential Point: Where does the food come from??? I can't see a kitchen, or any room in the building for a kitchen. Perhaps it is prepared in the basement? 
This tangent doesn't much matter, as there didn't seem to be much cooking going on anyway. Lady Mary's dish was a crudely assembled miss-mash of lettuce, old vegetables, and a spot of salmon. 'Worth every bit of twelve quid.' I remarked sarcastically. Even my good lady was unable to pretend that this plate, and indeed place, was anything other than bollux. Hanger got the better of me that day, but I shall live to fight again...just not here.  
Perhaps Cafe Ole is the scandal in bohemia to which Conan Doyle referred??I would eat here every day if it was possible. It gets crowded so be patient and aware, but the sandwiches are divine (Brie, European Grilled Cheese).  The Mediterenean Platter is scrumptious. But the very best thing is the Shakshuka. Don't be afraid of the name. It is maginificent. Dippy eggs with a chunky, flavorful tomato gravy/sauce and bread for dipping that is warm and toast. It really doesn't get much better. Their green tea with lemon and mint is also delicious. My favorite lunch spot in the city.Perhaps it was because it was in the afternoon.
Or maybe because it was a Wednesday.
Or maybe... maybe it's me, not you Cafe Ole.
All I know is that I came here with my laptop, ready to settle into an afternoon of semi-productivity and people watching, and was a bit disappointed.
Don't get me wrong - the decor was cute, the seating was comfy, and the lentil soup was delish.
But when an old man sat down next to me and began clipping coupons, it became clear that this obviously wasn't my type of crowd.This is a good spot to grab a quick, non-pizza lunch in Old City. Food is good, lines can be a bit slow and there's rarely a good spot to sit. Fortunately, we lived nearby and could take it with us. Overall, I'd recommend but I don't rush to head back.Got green chai with soy, which was very tasty and delicious. Nice ambiance. They had several differentt types of chai. I'll have to go again sometime and try the other ones.Skakshuka is back (most of the time) and even when it's overcooked it's still pretty delicious. Get it with the baguette instead of the rolls. The chicken quesadilla is delicious too! Both types of french toast are perfection. Best fast-casual food in Old City.I want to love this place but I don't. I have mixed feelings mostly...
The crossant french toast? Freaking fantastic. Delicious. But occasionally when we come on the weekend they run out. It's happened a couple times. Bummer.
The iced tea in the summer time? Love it. Refreshing and delightful.
Ok so what I don't love - The coffee. I'm latte obsessed, and their espresso leaves much to be desired. It tastes burnt to me often. The service can also be occasionally impersonal and rushed. I uderstand that this is probably because they get pretty busy, but I don't get the warm gooey neighborhood feeling here that I get at other coffee shops