My roommate and I were on the hunt for some Thai food one Sunday, as my usual place was closed for vacation. To my surprise, I realized Cafe Ayla had just opened several blocks from me! They didn't have an online menu or phone number yet, but the reviews looked great. It was sooo delicious! Everything we got was great, including the complimentary Thai tea for being within the first 100 customers. So so good.Great restaurant! Got take out and especially enjoyed the drunken noodles and Thai quesadillas.Pros- cute, clean Asian option in the restaurant. Appears to be family run. 
Cons- Slow during the holidays. Staff need to be more attentive to customers, especially for first timers.....and I wouldn't get the dumplings bc they taste like the ones from Costco...I've been here a bunch of times and always had a great experience! great food and I love that it's a small, family-owned restaurant!Great food, great atmosphere and great people running it! Wife and I just got back from eating dinner here, we had the drunken noodles, green curry and spicy cucumbers. All 3 dishes were awesome, the drunken noodles are the best I've had in philly.
The owners have put a ton of care and effort into this restaurant and it shows, both in the remodel and with the menu. This is truly a family run place and one that I'll be happy to come back to ASAP.Delicious food in cute cozy place with friendly owners. I would like to see some of the classic Thai dishes such as Pad Thai, Chang Mai Curry Noodles or garlic pepper sauce dishes on the menu. This  place has real potential but needs some work on the menu and price adjustments (duck and steak are crazy expensive). Philly lacks good Thai food and hopefully with a little refinement this place fill that gap.We you walk up the outside us nothing great but the small inside space is cute. The owner was there to welcome our party of 6 on a Saturday afternoon. The food was exceptional. Sometimes the flavors in thai food get lost because of the heat. Not here. My red curry was fantastic,  coconut and lemongrass and basil were evident along with the heat. The crispy tofu is definitely worth a try. Recommendations were spot on. Worth a visit for sure.Small place but the food was delicious. Had the crispy tofu (crispy on the outside, silky on the inside, very good) and Pad See Ew which was so good. The noodles were perfect and the flavor was amazing. The owner came by with Ayla, who is about 9 months old and adorable, to check in us and chit chat. There were 5 of us and the dishes came out one at a time, with a few minutes in between each, which was as unexpected as we were not eating family style but it was fine. Parked a couple blocks away with no problem on a weeknight. All in all it was a lovely experience.A really decent family owned restaurant in the area! My boyfriend and I ordered the chicken satay skewers and chicken wings as our appetizers and the red curry for our entree. 
The appetizers were certainly packed with flavor and garnish. The chicken satay skewers were pretty thick pieces and the wings were thoroughly coated with a savory chili sauce. 
The red curry was pretty spicy for the both of us but delicious nonetheless. 
We also tried the pineapple CBD drink! Pretty interesting menu item. 
Service was friendly. They were pretty busy with takeout orders but we enjoyed taking our time with food and drinks.I got delivery during the pandemic and utilized the restaurant's in house service which is fine, they get to keep more of the profit. The only problem is at the time they were only accepting Cash or Venmo, a slight annoyance, but that in no way contributed to the rating.
I ordered Potstickers, Thai wings, shrimp spring rolls, Chicken Massaman Curry, Pad see ew, and Thai Fried Rice
The Thai wings were great, good sauce and crunch. Everything else was unmemorable. The Massaman lacked strong curry flavor, the fried rice was dry, and the pad see ew was mediocre. There are just too many other options for great Thai food in the city for me to return. 
Overall
Thai wings - 5/5
Potstickers 2/5
Spring rolls 3/5
Pad see ew 3/5
Massaman curry 3/5
Fried rice 3/5Adorable atmosphere, very family friendly environment. Prices are reasonable for the portions that you get with the menu. Had the shiitake tofu lettuce wrap and banana bread pudding when I was here. The tofu had a good amount of spice; it's different with  a modern take! The pudding was warm and the icream added a nice touch to satisfy any sweet tootth. The chef said they don't often serve dessert, so when they have it grab it when you can!While this is a new restaurant, it is already among my favorite Thai spots in Philly. The owners are knowledgeable about vegan food which made the ordering experience easy. It is sometimes hard to find a restaurant that caters to omnivores and vegans alike, but Cafe Ayla is definitely one of them. 
The vegan drunken noodle was delicious. I can't wait to go back!Love this place! Amazing service and amazing food!  We ordered the beef salad, the drunken noodles with tofu and the green curry with shrimp. Everything was delicious, just enough spice and huge portions. We love to support this local business and will definitely be back with family and friends!Great new addition to the neighborhood. Food was fresh and flavorful. The restaurant/Cafe is family owned and is super cute and welcoming. I tried the spicy fried wontons and boy was it spicy! Great kick to the sauce but be careful to those who do not handle spice well. I also had the drunken noodles with shrimp and it was simply delicious. Looking forward to working my way through the menu!Nom nom nom.  This meal was amazing.  Ordered the fried tofu, red curry, and drunken noodles.  So good, the curry had great spice and really deep flavor.  It was the best drunken noodles I've had.
Really nice family running the place too.So I live in south Philly right on 6th street. I always want Thai food it one of my fav . I look up yelp I found cafe ayla . I gave it a try . Food was amazing! I place super cleaN and cute . You can tell the food is homemade. I'm really picky with Thai food . But cafe ayla win my 5 star . If you ever in south Philly you gotta  stop . Can't miss out best Thai food !YOU MUST TRY THIS PLACE!!!!!!! OMFGGGGGG!!!! It is sooooi freakkkking ggooooooooood!!!!! Alright alright alright, you want to know the details! It is a little small cafe in South Philadelphia.  The decoration/interior design gives a warm, romantic. comfy type of feeling. I actually like it, if I take someone on a date here, they definitely will be impress!  As for the food! Well, I came late to dinner last night, but the appetizer still tasted amazing! You know how you order appetizer and you stretch out the time eating that appetizer because you and your buddies talking too much and somehow the appetizer got cold and salty? Well that didn't happened here!!! I came 40 minutes late because I was busy doing errands and by the time I got there,  my friends saved me some dumpling- chicken wings - and cucumber salad? They all the wrong names but it was Cafe Ayla version of these type of food and it tasted awesome even when I came 40 min late! The chicken!!! I swear it was like a korean bonchon chicken! It was extra crispy and addicting! I couldn't stop eating the cucumber salad either! The dumpling... that jawn disappeared into my stomach way too fast lol it was good! 
Okay, let's talk about the entree! Me and my friends did family style and shared the drunken noodles with beef, cafe Ayla steak, and also the crispy duck with curry. The drunken noodles with beef tasted amazing and got a hint of sweet and spicy with the basil aroma! It's delicious! The Cafe Ayla steak (cooked at medium rare) was the bomb diggidy!!!! MUST GET THAT CAFE AYLA STEAK!!!!!! It is so good!!!! It is marinated just perfectly and tasted amazing with and without sauce! The sauce that comes with the steak is definitely crack sauce! It is so good!!! The crispy duck is so freaking goood!!!! I like my duck crispy! The curry that is drizzled on the duck is also delicious!!!! I'm happy I got to try a lot of the food! I highly recommend you and your friends do family style if you want to try everything! It's good, it's byob, and the owner Christian is an amazing guy! I can't wait to come back again and convert more friends and family to love Cafe Ayla!Cute & casual neighborhood place with bomb food! We ordered the spicy wontons&spicy cucumbers to start, which were def spicy but still delish. The ginger stir fry and and tom yum udon were our mains & the perfect choice on a chilly night. Overall yummy food and friendly staff. Excited for this  addition to the area and def will be back, if not ordering takeout when we're feeling lazy but have a  craving for a spicy meal.Best Thai Chili Wings and Drunken Noodles = the greatest thing ever!
The Chili Cucumber Salad was fresh and delicious, not a disappointing aspect of the meal.
Met the CEO of the restaurant, little Ayla and we will be back to support this welcome addition to the neighborhood.Best Thai food in south philly! The thai chili wings are the best I've ever had, the drunken noodles always hit the spot and the red curry is delicious! I've tried most things on the menu and it never disappoints. Highly recommend!Food is decent but dishes are way overpriced. I ordered the fried rice dish, it was listed at 14 on the menu and the total was 17 when I picked it up.... with tip we're talking $20 for a dish of fried riceDefinitely worth the money! Walked by and saw this place and though I'd give it a try. These wings are so goood. Definitely coming back to try other things on the menuHad a great time here with the wife.  We had a special bottle of wine and were in search of a South Philly BYOB.  Usually, we will go with an Italian place, especially with a red wine, but we wanted to try something else.  
The duck was amazing and reasonably priced for the portion.  The stir fry was awesome as well.  Friendly service, comfortable atmosphere, vegan options, and overall great food. We will definitely be back.Great food. This evening I ordered take out which was prepared with lightning speed. Order consisted of beef drunken noodles and potstickers. Drunken noodles had a lot of flavor and the portion size was very generous. Potstickers were tasty as well. This is probably an item I would eat only when dining in, as it tastes better when served very hot. As a grand opening special you get a complimentary Thai tea. Omg amazing flavor and even better that it was free! Def will be a repeat customer.The interior is very cute and it's a good addition to the neighborhood, unfortunately the food was bad.Delicious food! Love the drunken noodles and curry! We'll definitely be back to try the rest of the menu. No Pad Thai on the menu, but looks like they're still working on expanding their menu.Came here recently with my family. This restaurant is a rarity, you don't see many like this. Very home welcoming and designed to make you feel right at home. Staff is very nice and the home owner is very welcoming. We had the surf and turf and the duck. The prices was surprising cheap for a surf and turf. The Duck is cheaper than most places I've been to. $26 is ridiculously cheap for the amount I was served. Packed with all types of flavor! Go anywhere else in Chinatown you get a half duck for well over $35. Steak and salmon surf and turf $36!! Delicious. Anywhere else I go it costs me $45+. It did take sometime to come out, but it was worth it all! I enjoyed my experience and I am definitely coming back soon with my family. Also to see the baby! 
The owner did apologize for the time it took for the food to come out. He said he rather serve me something that I can experience, enjoy and come back than giving me something that is poor tasting and quick. That sir is what I like to hear. Thank you! The food was delicious!We ordered take out and the food was substandard. It lacked flavor! The tofu drunken noodles came with egg which was NOT a part of the description.  The cucumber salad was all onion! Nothing was good... bare minimum.  We like supporting local business and wanted to give it a try but will never be back:-(Felt right at home here and the food was absolutely delicious! Very nice atmosphere, very satisfying meal for only $11The place is a slice of relaxation in the south philly area. The atmosphere felt home like and the food was amazing. Owner was great and had drinks with him on the house due to a long wait on the Friday we came. The food was worth the wait and one of the most homelike places I've been to so far. Only complaint would be that I wished they had more food options to try in case I get bored ordering everything else.This place is a neighborhood gem. Small and homey with cozy vibe.  Christian is awesome, attentive and super personable. The food is good. The Thai tea, potstickers and drunken noodles are a must try.  The prices are reasonable too. If this place was closer to me, I'd visit at least once a week.Got takeout for the first time and I said to my partner, 'how did we not know about this place before?!' It was SO good! Fried tofu starter was like dreamy tofu chicken nuggets - impressively crispy, and not greasy. Drunken noodles tasted like fresh rice noodles, the veggies were fresh, it was awesome. I'll be eating here all the time!My new favorite corner spot. This location has gone through a couple different iterations in the time I've lived in south Philly and they seem to have finally got something that can stick. The drunken noodles are amazing and the wings and spring rolls are also delicious. In fact pretty much everything my wife and I have ordered has been great. I'm also probably a little too excited that I can walk around the corner and get Thai tea. Definitely worth a try.After a couple of bumps with the delivery, NO fault of the restaurant at all, we received our order and the food was fantastic and extremely tasty! The Thai chili wings were an absolute hit! I highly recommend giving this local small business a try! The owner (Christian) clearly knows what it means to take care of his customers - thank you!Ive only had takeout, once, and I cannot wait to visit again. The fried rice, green curry, and tom yum soup are amazing. I wish I could recreate these dishes on my own but I'll just leave that to Cafe Ayla! I'm so glad I finally got to try the food here and highly recommend everyone checks it out!I just got my first order from here and I have to say I was disappointed. I order the Thai green curry with shrimp, and I have to say I was disappointed with the shrimp themselves.  They were very small, and there weren't very many of them at that.  The curry itself and the vegetables were very good, but I was just surprised the the quality and quantity of the shrimp, particularly at that price point. I will certainly try out some of the rest of the menu, but I was disappointed.  I've been meaning to try the place for a while.I ordered for this restaurant a substantial amount of food and when I came to pick it up I asked one of the staff If I was allowed to use their bathroom facilities. I was informed by a very rude woman that I was not allowed to use the bathroom. Normally I would have no issues with this but throughout the entire restaurant there where people with no masks on IN A PANDEMIC! This level of carelessness and bad customer service is inexcusable and if this is what was done in the front of the restaurant I can only imagine what takes place in the kitchen. Very disappointed will not be returning.Excellent new Thai cafe in the South Philly area. Loved the decor and music selection. Service was excellent and the food was perfect. They also have a great selection of vegan entrees. Only issue was that our food came out separately for a party of five, but that was a minor inconvenience given all the positives.Amazing curry and fast service! Repeated and definitely future customers! Support your local business!The best, the absolute BEST! Such a little gem in south philly! Its a byob Thai spot with some of the best drunken noodles and chili wings. Not only is the food incredible, but the ambiance is lovely and everyone is so friendly. It's a family-run business... as in we were there last week and met the OG Ayla, their 6-month-old daughter! It was my birthday and they were so accomodating for our large group, had a drink with us and brought out an amazing dessert on the house. THAT'S service! 10/10, a million stars, so happy to be a regular!very easy and convenient online ordering. ordered drunken noodle and it was so dank. very tasty. did the pick up and was very smooth. 10/10 would recommendOrdered take away from here today. Got a chicken and beef drunken noodle. The noodle flavor for both were really good. The meats were both overcooked. I do not recommend the beef drunken noodles because it was really dry. Chicken was also dry/overcooked but better than the beef. Might just get a plain veggie one next time. 
Ayla's steak flavor and side sauce were good. We ordered medium rare but it was like medium well since the other food probably cooked it while brining it home. That's something to consider if getting this as a take away or maybe ask them to pack it separately? Probably would be great as a dine option whenever we are all able to do that. Looks like a cute spot. 
Parking is scarce, typical crowded south philly streets, probably worst now with everyone home for the pandemic and it was a Friday evening. Not the best neighborhood. 
Good service. Will definitely be back.I've tried three of the main dishes, and they're all delicious. The portion is decently size, equivalent to its price. However, I have noticed that the meat can be quite dry, but the flavor and texture of the noodles make up for it. I'll be coming back to try other items.We have ate-in and ordered out from Cafe Ayla and both times the experience and the food were top notch. In regard to the take-out situation, we ordered delivery last night and it was efficient and sanitary, and the food was still piping hot. We ordered the chicken drunken noodles and beef green curry -- both were delicious and comforting. The drunken noodles came in a huge portion with plenty of noodles and chicken, and the green curry was spicy and delicious, with plenty of vegetables. Lucky to have this gem in our neighborhood!Ordered a mid-week dinner that was delivered via Grub Hub. We ordered drunken noodles, pad see ew, and Thai wings.
Pros: FAST delivery; good tasting food (can be on the spicy side)
Cons: limited menu IMO; pricey considering the surprisingly small portionsLove it!! Everything I had order was so good 
It's definitely going to be my go-to spot for authentic Thai foodGreat new addition to the neighborhood! Have gotten takeout twice and enjoyed everything we've gotten so far - especially the Thai quesadilla app and the drunken noodles! Looking forward to dining in as well, as the owners seem really friendly. Definitely recommend!Well, hello there, Cafe Ayla!! YUM!! YUM!! 
Cafe Ayla is such a great little secret, and awesome addition to the East Passyunk fam! This smaller family owned and operated BYO is  hidden in plain sight on a corner just off of the busy intersection and area, and I kinda hope it stays quiet as I really enjoyed being able to pop in without reservations on a weekend night but once word gets out about this brand spanking new place, it's over. 
We started with shrimp rolls which are not what you're thinking. They're not like a spring roll with shrimp, but rather whole shrimp wrapped in flaky crispy and perfectly fried and hot thin rice paper wrappers. Ahhh mazing. The sweet and sour type chili dipping sauce was the perfect accompaniment. We also ordered the tofu triangles, which again, were perfectly fried to golden perfection, crispy on the outside and piping hot. We ALSO got the chicken satay, which was said to be pretty darn great and dripping in homemade peanut sauce. 
I indulged in the tom yum soup. I consider myself somewhat of a Tom yum snob, and this made the cut! Absolutely packed with flavor, Thai basil and just the right amount of kick to make each sip burst but not uncomfortably so!! So good!!! 
We split the tofu pad Thai and the drunken noodles with shrimp. You can order any dish and interchange your protein, which is much appreciated!! Both dishes were very flavorful and the portions were just right. 
We absolutely loved every dish we tried!! 
The service, while a tad on the slower side was super friendly and came with the most adorable little baby girl ever, so we didn't care! 
It's BYO, closed on Tues and they offer CBD drinks! Yea baby! 
We all said we wanted a return visit ASAP! 
Welcome, welcome! 
*Oh, and for right now they only accept Venmo &  Cash App.So happy to have this adorable Thai BYOB pop up in the neighborhood! Charming from the outside in. The food was delicious, lots of options and tasted great. The staff was so warm and welcoming. We will definitely be regulars here!Amazing food, and service i ordered the beef drunken noodle my boyfriend ordered the aylas steak i also got the shrimp shumai and chicken satay as an appetizer everything was delicious its also byob which is awesome we had a great experience i will be back again for sure!!The food was hands down amazing! Service was exceptional! They follow safety protocols, and are extremely helpful when answering questions.... oh! And it was not pricey at all!
Make sure you try their Thai iced tea (I wish I would've taken a pic), their shumai, and pad Thai were delicious too! (Photo is of their stir fry and it was very yummy)