This is a home run neighborhood brunch spot just north of City Center.  Avoid walking down 13th street since it is located in a fairly isolated and industrial spot of the city.  Once inside, the ambiance is cozy mixed with whimsy - coloful chalkboard specials, bright red plastic chairs, and jester-striped chandeliers.  Hipster waiters and waitresses add to the casual and fun vibe.  Plus the brunch is delicious.
Lemon Ricotta Pancakes: lemon ricotta baked fluffy pancakes, served with strawberries on top paired with a side of thick fresh whipped cream and honey as syrup.  It was like a sweet summer picnic on my plate.
Ham & Jalapeno Frittata: specially ordered with egg whites didn't deter this flavorful, spicy, and ultra cheesy dish.  Smoked ham, mushrooms, and cheddar are mixed with pico de gallo in this fluffy egg special.  
With endless refills of strong Columbian dripped coffee to complement our meal, friendly service, and quick orders, this is hole-in-the-wall brunch at its finest.Loved it. They had a vegan panini sandwich that was to die for. My friends got the French today and the breakfast burritos and they loved them as well. Great vibe in this place, great food. Definitely a hip vibe in here and that makes it very easy to relax in this place and have a good time. I'm from Boston so having a nice cafe out here with a vegan option is awesomeWonderful.  Lemon ricotta pancakes were a delight, crab cake benedict was full of fresh, plump crab meat and topped with perfectly poached eggs.  Steak and egg tacos were just fine, but topped with a deliciously astringent house made hot sauce and candy-sweet Jersey corn.  The blintz will make you pre-diabetic in the best ways possible; I particularly enjoyed the tartness of the mandolin-sliced plums contrasted with the sweetness of the honey and the richness of the dairy.  Atmosphere can be unbearably loud/packed, even in the afternoon, and prices are not cheap, but everything we ate was above average.It was a drizzly Saturday morning. I shut my umbrella and shuffled into Cafe Lift. The quaint hole in the wall cafe was bustling with people, even with the gloomy weather just a wall away. 
I was happily joined by a group of friends, a total of nine, patiently awaiting a table. Ten minutes passed. Then twenty. Then thirty. Our hope for food kept diminishing as time passed. The manager was kind enough to pay us visits, telling us that they had a table done eating with the perfect capacity for us and that they were ready to get us eating the second the party had left. 
The party would not leave. There is no blame that can be put on either group. The manager was courteous and apologetic. The customers were just enjoying the homey atmosphere. 
But when the time came that they left, we finally sat down to a large crepe. 
The apologetic and bashful manager stood next to our server, offering us some free food to mull us over as they prepared our meal. 
When our dishes came out, we dived in. The crepe was a cascade of flavors, a tang of hazelnut paired with an airy cream. It was fluffy and made to perfection, with a blend of bananas and strawberries inside, sending the taste buds on an orgasmic rollercoaster of the sweet and savory to the crisp and fresh. 
The rest of the food was good, too.Sadly disappointed, after reading the reviews I was excited to try Sunday brunch. Was told 35 minute wait, when they had several tables open and many people waiting. Ok maybe they were staggering seating due to shortage in wait staff im not sure. So 20 minutes later they went to sit my bf and myself at the counter I asked if we could have a table. The polite hostess said sure, and then proceeded to seat us at a table that had been available since we came in. Our waitress spent more time talking to a friend of hers at the counter and the other wait staff than attending to her tables. She had two tables around us complaining amongst each other about the lack of service. One table had to flag her down to get water and to go boxes. The table next to us kept trying to flag her down to get change for the tip, but instead gave up and left her a smaller tip as a result. I ordered the breakfast burrito which was bland and boring. My bf ordered the huevos rancheros which was good. The housemade hot sauce was the highlight of the food. It was tasty and a subtle hot that crept up on you but not that artificial hot. I do not see myself returning anytime soon.Came with my sister for brunch on Saturday morning. Okay, the place was full and busy but it didn't look understaffed, but my sister and I stood at the entrance looking lost for a while until someone decided to come up to us and find a table. From there, service was pretty awful, which is unfortunate because the french toast selections were great. I picked one of their brunch special french toasts and after what felt like a 20 min wait, a plate of the wrong french toast was delivered to me (which I didn't realize until a server came and took the plate away and said it was the wrong one). After that, it took another 10-15 min wait to have our table cleared and once the check was dropped, our server was practically missing and we sat around for another 20 mins until they came back to pick it up.
I'd definitely give the place another try just for their french toast.A favorite for brunch! Super crowded on weekends so we try to hit up during the weekdays when possible. Huevos rancheros is awesome and the bf is in love with the hot sauce it comes with. Pulled pork tacos get two thumbs up!  Seriously Yum!! Delicious coffee. Wonderful service! This place makes me happy :)I'm afraid to say it, but I believe Cafe Lift just jumped to the top of the list of my favorite brunch spots (sorry Sabrina's). Clean, industrial/trendy atmosphere with plenty of seating. There has been a little bit of a wait the last 2 times I was here, despite having open tables (short staffed?). But once you're seated you'll be glad you waited! On my last visit I enjoyed the breakfast burrito very much. It's probably at least double a standard portion size, but after a big night out you will gobble it all up without a second thought. Gooey filling with eggs, cheese, mushrooms and peppers. Perfection. I've also ordered Jen's Crespelle. It's everything you could want in breakfast rolled into a delicious crepe- sweet, savory and hearty. The cannoli French toast looks to die for, I will definitely be ordering that next time. Side note- remember to bring cash!Been here twice. No interest in returning any more. 
For some reason -- I've yet to determine 
-- this breakfast and lunch eatery is OVERRATED, definitely! My specifics: first time here my "Rival Bros. Drip coffee," Was FAIR only. Re: "free refills" noted on the menu, what's the point if the coffee doesn't taste  good, is lukewarm, & it's for one patron only???  Cannoli French Toast was my "dish" (I ordered it after seeing quite a few positive yelp reviews about it); this was ALSO FAIR, though.  To my mind it was just a Sugary mess, for the most part. After this initial UNIMPRESSIVE run, I ONLY returned because this place is only a few minutes from my apartment; I also convinced myself given its proximity& that I'd been here once only, I should give it another shot. 
So I did. Here's what happened that time. I started off ordering orange juice but that was borderline LUKEWARM, only! When I told the waitress she said it HAD been refrigerated. I didn't want to argue Si I asked for some ice, only. That turned out to be a FAIL, though cause it just watered it down. Smoked salmon on a bagel was my "entree."  Though the salmon didn't seem 100% fresh the too large portion aggravated me more. "Chefs"should know how much food to put on their patrons' plates, so I'm usually disappointed (pissed really) when they don't. (That's a commonplace American dining "thing" that's hard to overlook, unfortunately.)
*Sorry, no pictures. I didn't feel like talking any.Brunch on Saturday... The wait for my hubs and I was surprisingly only 15 mins. Quick seating but very delayed food serving. Hubby's came out even later than mine but they apologized and covered his burrito that he ordered. So that was nice of them. I had the famous cannoli French toast. both were AMAZING AND DELiSH!!!Good brunch food... The cannoli French toast is amazing! (For those sweet tooth) Pretty bummed they didn't serve eggs Benedict during the week, only weekends.  
Def try the huevos rancheros.Delicious food! Fun place to eat with great service. Best lemon ricotta pancakes I have ever had.Delightful  The menu was a little spectacle at first... So the waitress suggested this as being her "favorite" & I must say I was far from disappointed! Great portion size & everything was just so fresh! Can't wait to go back!The food was good, the wait was terrible. I was in town for the weekend, decided to get brunch here but it seems like everyone else had the same idea in mind. I waited for a little over an hour (I know, crazy) good thing I got there when I did, the people after me had wait times of an hour & a 1/2! 
The food was really good, I ordered the juevos rancheros & cannoli French toast. Their menu wasn't as extensive as I would like it to be, not as many options as I would like & am used to at other locations. The BYOB is a +This brunch is always amazing and after the fourth visit, it still hasn't failed me yet.If you love breakfast/brunch, do yourself the favor! The wait was ridiculous, I was eating alone and the wait was still about 35 mins for a seat at the 'bar'. I had the French Toast and oh my goodness, a sugar rush! It was so good! Just be sure to have a glass of water! Lol super rich and fresh ingredients, I will be sure to come by again!Lots of different things on the menu.
The service can be a bit slow at times, but it's not bad enough that I'd complain about it.
You can get brunch for under $15 per person.
Try the french toast, huevos rancheros, and the cubano sandwich.Perfect brunch spot! The food was amazing and it's byob. I had the French toast special, and my friend got the huevos rancheros which we shared. Both were a very generous portion. It was a little noisy and hard to hear each other talk but other than that it was a great experience! Definitely recommend.French toast: fabulous. Huevos Rancheros: miraculous.Place is really great.  I tried the tortilla soup - ah... not the best.
Pizza - awesome!  Staff - friendly.  Salad - great.Checked this place out last week. What can I say? I really enjoyed it. I had a solid cubano panini and the gf got eggs Benny.  We both agreed the Cuban was where it's at. Can't wait to go back and try some more, esp that French toast.  Nice inside and the service was good. Check it outI've been here a few times and every time, the food has always been good. The only downside was my potatoes were burned during my most recent visit but overall everything has been great nonetheless. The staff is so friendly and attentive. Definitely recommend!Went here on a Sunday afternoon after the brunch rush. It was ~ 2pm, and I sat right at the bar and ordered the Fritada w/ a side of spicy sausage.
Servers were very friendly and helpful, food came out w/in 8 minutes of walking in, about as fast as I could have expected (impressive) and it was delicious. I wouldn't think twice about going back again, great place to get a yummy wholesome breakfast bite.Great brunch place on Sunday but very crowded and long line but it's worth it. Get there early. Try everything on the menu. Nice portion.  Cash only.I sincerely hope this establishment never gets "hip" so I can get the 'Cannoli French Toast' whenever I want. 
That being said, this restaurant is adorable and the food is to die for. My dining companions had burritos that were absolutely delightful (we shared our food, it seemed only polite). There was a 10 minute wait but like any good brunch spot, the wait is worth it.  Seating is limited since the cafe is relatively small. 
I would have given 5 stars but their turkey bacon was 'meh'.I'm wondering how this place seems to have been open since 2008, and I've never heard a word about it!
It's wonderful! I wonder if it's the location that makes it less crowded? I ran a 5-mile race on Saturday morning, so maybe I thought it was so great because I was 1. cold, and 2. really hungry, but it was awesome! My friends and I stopped at Sabrina's in Fairmount and heard about the typical long wait, and decided we couldn't handle waiting out in the cold after sweating. That's just not healthy and bad for your muscles. So we yelped Cafe Lift, and it was only a few blocks away. No wait whatsoever, and we were there when they opened at 9. 
I ordered a mocha, and it was steamy, creamy, pretty, and warmed my hands in a large mug. Perfection. My order was huevos rancheros with scrambled instead of fried eggs, and it was divine. No runny eggs, crispy tortillas, real melted cheese, just a touch of beans, and chorizo on top. There was also an excellent salsa I asked the waiter to pack up for me. My friend had the lemon ricotta pancakes, which were also very pretty, and she finished them all. And my other friend had a fritatta of some sort, but I forget which. (They had several.)
The staff was friendly and accommodating, even when we took a long time to decide on our order, and kindly pointed out the ATM, which solves the lack of cash problem. I was excited to tell my boyfriend about it, and I'm sure we'll go back soon!The wait time was awful!  We were told the wait was 25-30 mins but it ended up being double that.. it was extremely loud inside. we had to have the waitress repeat herself because we couldn't hear her. She started by telling us all the things they were out of including staples for a brunch spot  like tomato, turkey sausage and peanut butter. Food was good but nothing special. We won't be back and wouldn't recommend it.It's definitely my favorite cheap sushi place in Philly! I've been here for more than 10 times, never disappointed. The price is really fair but the food is good. From my picture you can see the sushi rolls have huge stuffings. Fresh ingredients and delicious!The Lemon Ricotta Pancakes are the bomb!! We also ordered a spicy sausage sandwich (I forgot the name of it) and it was also DELICIOUS!!! Great service and we will definitely be back for more of the pancakes and sausage sandwiches!!I have been coming to Cafe Lift several years. A friend of mine introduced me to it one Sunday brunch, around 5 years ago. We were able to get right in and have a seat, which was nice. As we sat there eating our tasty brunches we *knew* that is was only a matter of time until the word got out. 
Sure enough, several years later, we now have to wait for a table most Sundays, but that is OK. it is nice to see a restaurant do well (no small task); especially when they deserve it. 
One of the reasons Cafe Lift is a favorite of mine is the diversity of the menu. If you want something rich and indulgent (Hello, Cannoli French Toast and Nutty Monkey Crespelle) they have you covered. If you are counting carbs, don't worry; Cafe Lift has you, too. The Plum Tomato Fritatta is a favorite of mine. 
The service is consistently friendly and efficient and they keep the coffee coming. They also place a carafe of water on the table, which I appreciate. 
Now, if only they would take credit cards!I came here with my family after a few years...the first time I came I was blown away by how amazing the brunch was. Last time there was a long wait, this time it was only about 15 minutes even though the place was packed, which was awesome. The decor is unique. This time it wasn't AS good (mainly because we tried to experiment with some new dishes) but still pretty good, so five stars it is. It's BYOB so a lot of the other tables were drinking mimosas. My mom and I split the huevos rancheros which were really good. My dad ordered a burger which I thought was not anything special. My brother tried a pork belly sandwich which we both thought was pretty good. We all split a nutella & bananas crepe for dessert which was amazing. I distinctly remember the first time we came for brunch we absolutely loved the frittatas and lemon ricotta pancakes so I definitely recommend those. I'll be back again to try all my favorites! One of my favorite philly brunch spots!holy moly.. this place is awesome. i actually found it on yelp. I had a friend visiting from out of town, and I wanted to take him to brunch before saying sayonara. Yelp people have not let me down. We loved everything about it. 
First of all, it's in this completely random location, not really near any other restaurants or stores. But, when you walk in, the industrial urban art deco sets the tone. This is some place different. Definitely wouldn't expect to find it in this area.
The two of us ordered three dishes... simply because there were too many mouthwatering scrumptious options on the menu to choose from. We got the Cannoli French Toast, the smoked salmon bagel, and prosciutto panino. Yummm. I am definitely coming back and bringing more people. Considering the unique blend of ingredients in their dishes, this spot has very very decent prices.I can't imagine how terrible this place must be at peak weekend brunch hours.  The service was awful at 9 am on a Friday when the restaurant was 1/8 full so if we extrapolate...
Anyway, I just had to try Cannoli french toast.  It took FOREVER to come out and when it did, it was pretty good.  Though, how can brioche slabs with a pound of pastry cream, pistachios, and chocolate be bad?  It was definitely not the best french toast I've had but it was pretty good, albeit gimmicky.  The eggs I had were also flavorful and well cooked.  
None of this made up for the awful service.  It took an eternity to get the food and although they were apologetic, it didn't really improve my soured mood.  There are a ton of other great brunch options in Philly, go somewhere else.If you're in the area, I would definitely choose this place over Sabrina's any day of the week. Being a sucker for breakfast foods, I really like that this place does it every day. As others have commented, the industrial feel is pleasant and well-executed. True, sometimes you are sitting very closely to other patrons, but hey it's not that bad and you get to examine their bedhead up close (one of my favorite weekend pastimes). Plus, we only waited 15 minutes for a table on a Saturday at noon, which is extra points in my book (I'm a brat about waiting for brunch!). 
The menu isn't extensive and there's nothing super special. Sometimes the specials are "special" and sometimes they're just other breakfast items that aren't on the regular menu. I remember the ricotta pancakes being good from a few times back, I really enjoyed the breakfast tacos (extra points for using queso fresco), and I would definitely order the breakfast burrito again. I would even go as far as to say that it's the best breakfast burrito I have had in Philly. Plus, the salsa that comes with it is spicy perfection. My only problem was that it had a long hot pepper stabbed on top of it (an aesthetically pleasing touch, despite its flaw). If they had done their research, they would know that a long hot is an Italian pepper, and it would probably be better to use a serrano or green chile (or any Mexican pepper really) on the top instead... or maybe they just assume that their patrons aren't versed in cuisine! Either way, I would still order it again.They should rename it Cafe Forklift...because that's what I needed to get out of the seat.  Large portions of everything.  Great flavor combinations.  I ordered the cannoli french toast...my advice...don't order a hot chocolate with it.  I thought I was going to go into sugar shock.  Only complaint...I wanted to hold them hostage and force them to stay open after 3pm  WTF!!!Found it by accident when I happen to be in the area, had some spare time and search on yelp for some good good around. If you don't know it's there you won't just walk in as its a bit tucked away...
Nice service and very tasty food. 
Cash only!!!!I came here with my girlfriend for brunch on the weekend. The food was delicious. I got the French toast with fresh fruit and it was very good and I highly recommend it. Next time I come I will definitely be ordering it again. My girlfriend ordered the breakfast burrito and she loved it and said it was one of the best breakfast burritos she has had. We will definitely be back here again.Stopped by for brunch and had the huevos rancheros..one of the best ive had in a loong long time..go check it out..the lemon ricotta pancakes were good as well..I was so looking forward to diving into some delicious brunch food on a rainy Saturday morning. However, my group had unexpectedly grown to 9 people, a large party without a reservation. 
When we arrived, the restaurant was PACKED. It goes to show just how popular this place really is. The manager was very accommodating, letting us know that it would take a while to get a table for our large party. They had a table in mind, perfect for our group, but the customers sitting there took their time to enjoy good food and good conversation. As hungry as we were, it was hard to be happy for them tbh. We waited quite a while, but the manager would periodically check in with us to update us on the situation! 
The table finally freed up and we were immediately seated. To our surprise, after our orders were taken, the server brought out a crepe for our trouble! It was DELICIOUS and it was just a glimpse of the glory that was to come... 
My friend and I shared a huevos rancheros and the cannoli French toast per recommendations on Yelp. They were both to die for! I think that the French toast is definitely for those with a serious sweet tooth. For those with a brunch partner-in-crime, I'd recommend getting a savory and sweet dish to share! The rest of my party tried a lot of things including the breakfast burrito and baked egg special. We all had nothing but good things to say!
The place is cash only but really affordable (~$10) for the great quality. The vibe is really cool and the service is awesome. Definitely coming back soon!I've been here a couple of times for brunch and always leave happy! You can't go wrong with the crepes or any of the sweet dishes- just depends on your mood. They seat you fairly quickly and service is great.
*dont forget, cash only but they have an arm on premiseI've had brunch here mutiple times. I have nothing bad to say about the food; it's excellent! Service is friendly. Keep in mind, like most popping brunch places, you'll probably be waiting in line to get a seat on weekends. The interior design has a more industrial feel and adds to the hipster scene. Love their food, definintely worth the wait!What a great find! Their specials are great suggestions and the atmosphere...inside  or out.... is truly private. I would give them 5 stars but the service is slow. AMAZING food tho,Love! Better than Sabrina's or Green Eggs judging from my 2 experiences. Menu is awesome and portions were huge! Service was great and lofty atmosphere with the exposed red pipes and such was pretty cool.I've been here once before with a friend around brunch and had a panini which was pretty wonderful. The atmosphere inside was cozy, welcoming and the noise level was moderate enough to still have a conversation. I tried going again with a few other friends but the wait time was too long so we ended up going elsewhere. But still trying to go again and taste other things on the menu, so maybe soon!My friend and I were seated quickly, enjoying brunch during the week. Around 1ish it wasn't too busy. I ordered the Italian Sausage Frittata. It was AMAZING. It came with red breakfast potatoes and multi grain toast. Inside the Frittata was the sausage and a great portion of Brussels sprouts with some kind of cheese goodness on top. I ate every bit. The servers kept our coffee and water replenished and were very nice and honest about our menu questions. I'll definitely be back, next time with some champagne to mix up.Cafe Lift is one of the better brunches in the city. Far better than Sabrina's in my opinion (which I believe to be overrated). It's got an industrial hip kind sort of vibe, and it's cash only. 
I got the Huevos Rancheros which, as many others have said, is very tasty. They do them really well. It's crispy, savory, and balanced out with their housemade hotsauce. 
The Jen's Crespelle is just okay, the eggs are done nicely as is the bacon, but the crepe could use more work. The crepe is strangely dense, and dry, you can offset the dryness density of the crepe with syrup and hotsauce, but it has an unpleasant texture in the mouth not entirely unlike eating folded up tissue paper.
The Coffee is just average, being neither good or bad. 
Cafe Lift is in the upper echelon of brunch spots in Philadelphia, it's not as good as Sam's Morning Glory but above places like Sabrinas. 
The Egg Panino sounded amazing but i never had a chance to try it as did the Lemon Ricotta pancakes. 
On a side note, I would love a brunch location that offered bacon or sausage WITH pancakes or some other sweet dish. I always want to try the sweet offerings on the menu i.e. the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, but I NEED some meat, some delicious, wonderful, salty, and glorious breakfast meat, i.e. sausage and/or bacon with my brunch in the morning, so I always opt for something other than the sweet dish. I know I can order a side of meat, but honestly I feel as though i'm being severely overcharged so I never do. 
So please, brunch places in Philadelphia, give me some meat.Always has the best options! I tried their huevos rancheros for the first time and I have to say it's definitely an all time favorite! 
The wait was a bit long and the noise level is a bit on the higher end but other than that it's a great place
I would definitely recommend everyone to go here!Ok, simply put, THIS place does things RIGHT!!! I am psyched that we (3 adults & 3 young kids) decided to go here on a Sunday morning on the weekend before Christmas before leaving town....it was FANTASTIC!! I am in the city often and will DEFINITELY be coming back here soon!!!
It is located on a street that is renewing itself as is so much in the city these days, especially this area. It appears to be safe & easy to get around. Once you go into the restaurant, you climb a few stairs and see the greeter who was extremely friendly. We sat in the comfortable waiting area & got a table pretty quick eventhough it was really busy. Our table was a counter height table with stools & it was cozy, comfortable, & very spacious. There are regular height tables & backed chairs as well. The menu and the specials all sounded delicious and were so amazingly creative....challah french toast, cannolli french toast, interestingly stacked breakfast sandwiches, non-traditional frittatas, etc. And EVERY single item we ordered was INCREDIBLY TASTY & DELICIOUS!! I mean it was ALL REALLY great! The young guy serving our table was so nice and attentive to our table....we never wanted for anything. The manager came over to introduce herself & finalize the bill payment and she was so nice as well. Cafe LIFT is a TOTAL WINNER!!!All I can say is.. this is one of the best brunch spots I've been to in a while.  I had the frittata with sausage and brussel sprouts, with toast and coffee.  It hit the spot! Simply delicious... Will definitely go back again soon.Have been here for brunch a couple times. Love love love the warehouse-y decor and ambiance but the food is just ok. Also there are like no vegetarian options ... when I asked if I could substitute something veggie for the sausage in a dish I was told, "the owner is Italian so we don't have any vegetarian options." Um, ok. I asked again and was given some salad in place of it. Eggs, toast, and hash browns were standard but nothing great.Love the menu, atmosphere is great and the location only adds to the mystique.I've been here several times for brunch/lunch. The food is excellent and the atmosphere is casual and lively. It's the same owners as Prohibition Taproom, Bufad and Kensington Quarters, so expect the same exceptional quality as those restaurants. The wait times may seem too long for some, but it's definitely worth the wait. BYOB is also a huge plus.Cafe lift is my favorite brunch place in the city. Rather, I should I say it WAS my fave brunch place...See the reason I loved cafe lift was because of their plum tomato frittata! Been getting it every single time I visit for the past 4 years. As a vegetarian who lives for brunch, cafe lift's plum tomato frittata was often my only motivation to get out of bed on the weekends. You could imagine my heart break, and severely unproductive weekends, once the plum tomato frittata was taken off the regular menu. Please oh please, my dearest cafe lift, add it back on to your regular menu.
Also, please don't change or get rid of the awesome concept of offering just one lemon ricotta pancake as a side. After I was done w the deliciousness that is the plum tomato frittata, I struggled w what to do about my "brunert" craving (brunch dessert). Sorta full and in heaven, just wanting a bite or two to satisfy my sweet tooth, the option to get just 1 pancake is best. Please never get rid of this. If you did ever change this, I'd be pretty stoked about rotating "dessert" menu items.
Oh also-- the only reason I created a yelp account was to write this review.Can't speak to the rest of their menu but the huevos rancheros is LIT! The immediate neighborhood looks horribly depressing though, and reminded me of some run-down areas of Brooklyn.Went with a party of five.  Everything was wonderful -- the french toast (with REAL maple syrup!) was the best anyone had ever experienced.
But skip the turkey bacon -- it was limp & sad.I know this review is going to look bad by a lot of comparisons, but I don't want it to deter anyone from going to Café Lift.  The place has its own charm.  It's on the first floor of a loft building underneath a bridge passing in a not so nice neighborhood, which for some reason is appealing to me.  Mainly due to the fact that every other brunch place in the city has a long line out the door... unfortunately , enough people have found about Café Lift to add it to that list.
As for the food... the S.S.S is good and the lemon ricotta pancakes are sweet and delicious, but it seems like most everything else on the menu has four pounds of eggs overwhelming anything else in the dish, slapped with a mound of lifeless potatoes.  Why do Philly breakfast/brunch joints do this?  It seems way too common to me; Sabrina's is the worst about that crap.  The specials are usually pretty good, but I hope they break away from the Frittata craze, because I don't think anyone else has it.
The staff is pretty unaware of their surroundings, continuously passing by people who need service and rushing people when they finally show up to take an order.  Yet for some reason unknown to even myself, I still kind of like this place.Went here for brunch on a busy Sunday at around 11a. While not the most convenient area of town, it was close to the Spring Garden station on the Broad Street line. Our wait was about 45 minutes for a party of 3. It was a pretty gray and drizzly day outside, so most people waited indoors. It was a bit crowded, but there was room enough and a few seats for use. 
Despite the hipster appearance of the staff and decor, the service was completely friendly and food absolutely delicious. What I loved most overall was that the food was homey and full of comfort without being overly greasy or heavy. 
I opted for the challah BLT, and quite enjoyed it, even with the turkey bacon! It's a hearty sandwich (but really, can there ever be too much challah?) served with a side salad (which, thankfully, was not overly dressed). A perfect brunch sandwich. I also got a side of potatoes and was delighted that it consisted of large chunks of (roasted?) potatoes, nicely seasoned, instead of normal home fries.
Fresh OJ and La Colombe coffee were on tap to make breakfast what it should be. My friends ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes and special of the pumpkin cannoli French toast. The lemon ricotta pancakes were reported to be a light but tasty choice. And since the pumpkin cannoli French toast was devoured before I finished the first half of my sandwich, I can only assume that what looked like a mountain of amazing goodness delivered on its promise.
The atmosphere was loud, which I think is unavoidable in an industrial space. But it wasn't obnoxious, and still had a nice warmth from the laid-back crowd and service.
I felt like I got the value for what I very reasonably paid, though please remember ***cash only***.I can eat breakfast here everyday. My gf had the huevos ranchero and i had the crepelle. delicious! def try the fennel sausage! the lemon pancakes were light and airy! friendly staff and great food. you can't go wrong!This place was absolutely incredible on all fronts - the service was friendly, coffee refills were prompt, and the food was exquisite while reasonably priced.  The location in an old warehouse added some personality to the environment as well.  
I recommend the huevos rancheros.  Normally I find this dish to be underwhelming and poorly executed; however, Lift's version was flavorful and well presented.  The avocado toast had potential but needs some work.Summary: Overrated, very obnoxious hipster brunch location. 
I've been meaning to write a review for this place for a while now. First AND last visit here. I visited a month ago (I still remember so they made quite the impression!) for Sunday brunch so it was extremely crowded cause that's what happens when you see Zagat-reviewed. After coming to this place, I am feeling much more wary about things that are "Zagat-reviewed" now. 
So I had multiple problems at this place. 
Seating - There aren't any tables so the hostess says I can sit at the bar, which is fine. There are four seats at the bar. "Seat 1", as I will label it, is at the edge of the bar and "seat 4" is against the wall. I sit down at seat 3 which gives me a nice open view of the bar area into the kitchen. There's a guy at seat 1 and nobody is at seats 2 or 4. The guy at seat 1 leaves and shortly afterwards, a couple walks in. Seats 1, 2, and 4 are open. I am asked by a worker, while I'm eating, to move from seat 3 to seat 4 to accommodate the couple even though seats 1 and 2 are open. Really, worker? Do I have cooties or something? Really??? 
Food - I ordered blueberry pancakes. They were okay. But $10 for blueberry pancakes that tasted like something I could've just made at home? Rip off. Go to IHOP instead.  
Payment - CASH ONLY, which is fine except I didn't find out until AFTER I had eaten and was trying to pay with my card. So, okay, no worries, they have an ATM! WHICH they charge you to use ("The owner of this ATM blah blah blah"). So I end up paying THEM $1.50 (plus $1 from my bank's end) to use THEIR ATM to then pay THEM, AGAIN. Splendid.
Service - Didn't get any! I was seated at the bar so I didn't have a server. Instead, the cashier at the bar dryly took my order and handed me my food without a word or a smile. Wow! Such service! A+++! So when it came time to pay for my order, she actually had the gall to ask if I wanted change (which I didn't need any, because I paid the exact amount). After she took my payment, she handed me my receipt with a tight, straight-lipped "smile" without a single word, not even a thank you (which, if she had, maybe I would've left a little tip on the bar counter!). 
Great first AND last experience, Cafe Lift!Good brunch food with a relaxed atmosphere. Lemon Ricotta pancakes were awesome, I would definitely go back just for them. Also, their house-made hot sauce was probably my favorite thing about the meal (I got a breakfast burrito)! I wanted to have some bottled up to take home! Parking isn't the easiest to find but that didn't deter from the overall good experience!Brunch at this place is great. Lines are not long yet but if more people start finding out about it that will change for sure.  The frittatas are my favorite hands down but the crispelle is also tasty from what I'm told.
Always a good meal with great service.What a gem! Great, great brunch. 
Our waitress was very nice and despite being packed on a Valentine's Day weekend around 11:30am, we were seated within 15 minutes.
I ordered the french toast and my girlfriend eggs benedict. TALK ABOUT PORTIONS! They were super delicious and I really appreciate the very fresh fruit and well-seasoned potatoes that accompanied the cinnamon-drenched french toast.
I really did have a great meal there and the prices were extremely reasonable considering the amount of food you get. I'd say $30 will be enough for two (including the tip!). 
If you're looking for a great brunch outside of the main limits of Center City and other trendy neighborhoods in Philly, take the #23 bus or subway up to Spring Garden and go to Cafe Lift. 
Believe me, it is good stuff.I loved everything about this place, except the location. It was on such a sketchy street! However, from the exterior to the interior I was so blown away. It looks like a quaint cafe on the outside and when you walk in there's all of this exposed piping and natural light that really creates a great atmosphere. Friendly reminder is that they are cash only! Food: We shared the cannoli French toast and a few coffees. Both were delicious. Service was prompt and the staff was friendly. Prices were amazing!This place is perfect for brunch! We had to wait an hour and a half for a table but it was totally worth it. We were waiting for four people who refused to give up their table for our party of ten by we eventually squeezed our way in  Management is awesome here. They gave us drinks on the house cause it took a little long which was so sweet of them. The dishes are humongous, especially their French toast! So good so good.HOT SAUCE!!! These guys have some of the best hot sauce I have ever tasted. They need to start selling it in bottles right away! We came here twice while on the work trip and I enjoyed the food both times. The breakfast burrito is full to the brim with eggs and veg. I asked to add chorizo as well and they had no issue with it. Got a side of the lemon pancake (for breakfast dessert of course) and the pancake was light and fluffy with just the right hint of lemon.
I also got the chicken panini. Bread was toasted just right and there was a good helping of chicken and veg on the sandwich. Service was fab both times and it was really nice to see the owner walking around and making sure everything was ok. Love this place and will defo stop in again next time I'm in Philly.I've driven by here so many times and the Cafe sign has caught my attention but the building never did so I never bother looking the place up.
Boyfriend wanted to try a new cafe so I Yelped a few places and this place looked promising.
The interior is different from most places but it's nice.
The water container they bring looks like a vase that I really liked. And their cups were cute.
So between the two of us, we had the Huevos Rancheros and the Chicken and Roasted Pepper Panini.
HUEVOS RANCHEROS:
(Toasted corn tortilla with refried beans, Mexican chorizo, roasted peppers and jack cheese, topped with two fried eggs and pico de gallo. 9.50)
I saw a lot of pictures of this on here and decided it would be to try out. Not a bad choice but it was too much for me for brunch.
CHICKEN AND ROASTED PEPPER PANINI:
(Grilled chicken breast, roasted sweet peppers, sweet onions, arugula and asiago cheese. 8.00)
Very yummy! I loved the sesame bread.
The service was quick and very good. I will be coming back here for the panini soon!Pancakes are horrible. Wait is ridiculous. Service is good. I wish I had more good things to say, but my all around experience has been subpar to say the least. It's a pretty busy place so I understand the delay in with a few things. Originally my fiancé was going to take the remainder of her food home, but since it took longer than we expected to receive the check, she ended up leaving it.Great food, cool atmosphere, very friendly and attentive staff.  Prices are reasonable.  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is they have only 1 bathroom.  It's completely ridiculous for a restaurant of that size.I consider myself an avid bruncher.  Sabrina's, Honey's, Day by Day, even Gardenia, I know all the places.  Friends are in town?  Go to brunch.  Meeting up with a bunch of people?  Brunch.  Not sure if you want breakfast or lunch? Brunch (as an aside, I actually prefer the term "blunch"). So when I was looking for a place to grab a quick bite with a friend before our softball game today, I was surprised to see Cafe Lift had such a history of stellar brunching, as I had NEVER heard of it.
After finding a parking spot on 13th and a short walk to unassuming doorframe, we walked into a kitschy yet super mod space with amazing smells coming from all over.  Coffee and water were served and my friend and I decided on spitting a turkey bacon and egg crepe as well as the cannoli french toast.  
The crepe was great -- thin, well-filled, yet I didn't really want the syrup it was served with.  We asked for some of the spicy red pepper spread which, although a little on the hot side, was just awesome.  I loved the pickled taste combined with the heat.
As for the french toast.  My oh my.  That's all I can say.  Three nice sized pieces of challah fried and served with a hefty dollop of cannoli cream, some chocolate chips, banana slices, and pistachios.  Honestly, i can't think of a better heaven.  Yeah, I do like my french toast a little eggier and a little soggier but these are small complaints given this meal.  
At under 15 a person, this was a great value too.  It's a little out of the way for most occasions but, Cafe Lift, you are my new choice for Blunch.Excellent product for a great price. Beautiful space. I tell everyone who will listen about this place. GO NOW.Best breakfast place that no one has ever heard of.  Only had to wait for like 5 minutes once.  I gave up Honey's about a year ago...no food is worth waiting for that long, especially when you're a hungover, coffee needing morning mess.  
Cafe Lift has easy parking, as it's in the Callowhill district where people still don't seem to live if you gauge it by vehicles.  Opens up at 10am but we've been seated before that by very obliging (or perhaps empathetic) servers.  
Lemon ricotta pancakes are the dish that most sticks out in my mind.  You'd expect a whallop of something but no...all the flavors are subtle and the result is a lightly sweet, thin pancake that melts onto your ton.  A lb. of fresh whipped cream is your choice to add.  
I enjoy the wraps, the frittatas, the pancakes...you name it.  There are plenty of savory dishes...and like Sabrina's (with a much longer line) there are over-the-top dessert-type breakfasts.  
The coffee is strong and good and they keep it coming.  Our poor tea-drinking friend doesn't have so much luck with the refills.  Service isn't great--which is why it'll keep me from throwing 5 stars its way...but that doesn't distract me from the food, which is saying a lot.  
It's almost completely replaced Honey's, Sabrina's and Morning Glory for me, which share similiar service issues.  I'm going to think the servers probably have the same hangover I do...except they were up since I went to bed!Wonderful in every way. Bottomless Revolver Rival Bros. Coffee. Jen's crespelle very good and filling. The panino was big and good. But my favorite was the lemon ricotta pancake. 
Service matches the food and vibe.Brunch on Saturday:
seated right away for 2
Eggs Benedict w/ home fries - very delicious! just wish there were more home fries!
Lemon Ricotta pancakes - also very good - the BF liked it
coffee - great! free refills = great!
the place is really loud, the staff are friendly, it feels like a hipster cafeteria haha
prices are also decent.  the area it's in was a little sketch - we walked about .5 miles to it from the Loews hotel and quickly realized the change in the neighborhood, but whatevs the food was goodLast time I was here I felt like the portions were a little bigger, although I was happy with my food. 
The huevos rancheros are awesome, but definitely bigger last time. Lil disappointed this time.
We had french toast which was huge and delicious, surprisingly not overly sweet too. If you're into that I'd say go for it, you will definitely be full.
I ordered the eggs Benedict special with wild mushrooms, romanesco, and mustard seed hollandaise. Extremely good.
Breakfast burrito was big, solid...but its a burrito, not hard to be delicious. 
I want to try the Cuban but I'm skeptical, had a lot of bad Cubans in places that weren't Miami. 
All in all this place is an awesome brunch spot, reasonable prices and portions. I'd go 5 stars but the wait was way longer than expected and what we were told. Also, don't take cards or reservations.When I'm bitching about living in Philly, which is often (disgruntled West coaster here), just thinking of Cafe Lift LIFTS my spirits and makes me wish I could stay here just a little longer. 
I always get the regular french toast because the bread is perfection - crunchy yet soft, sweet but not too much, and the additions of fresh, GOOD quality fruit, superb helpings of whip cream, and delic maple syrup are to die for. 
Actually, as my slogan says, this is the type of food that will make you orgasm.
Today I had the lemon ricotta pancakes. It took all my might not to stick with my usual, but I love the idea of lemon in any dish, so I ventured out and became a risk taker.
OMG...these were fantastic. Light as a cloud, with just the right amount of lemon and ricotta to remind you these pancakes were no ordinary Aunt Jemima concoctions. And the usual fruit, whipped cream, and syrup were bountiful and heavenly.
Damn Cafe Lift, if I could have you everyday, I could stay in Philly forever - or until the end of summer.
Other pluses:
nice service, good prices, not too overcrowded, WAITING area is appreciated, funky yet not too over-the-top decor.This was a surprise tucked away in the middle of a neighborhood. It's a BYOB so bring your Champagne or Vodka for brunch. Total repeat!My first Cafe Lift experience was really good. Went later on a Sunday and it took about 20 minutes for my part of 4 to be seated which I thought was fair. I got the heuvos Rancheros and I they were really good.  It came with their house made hot sauce which was really good/ awesome. I even asked for extra( I love spicy!)
The only things that I wasn't too fond of was the noise level was really loud- which I understand because of the style/construction of the space but it was intense. And it was really warm for an afternoon in the space as well. It didn't feel like there was air conditioning or flowing air of any sort- which made just sitting and eating borderline uncomfortable. (The space wasn't completely full if people either- so I could only imagine what that would be like)
Regardless- I'd still go eat brunch there again.I've had a really great time here on multiple different occasions, but somehow for me, it's never been a favorite brunch spot in and of itself. 
Cafe Lift has its own chill feel with an industrial interior, but I'm personally less of a fan of the whole vibe because it just feels a bit cold and stiff given their metal chairs, exterior pipes, plastic water jugs, grey/red color palate, etc. Their tables are also kind of fastened to the ground in rows in a factory-like and rigid manner that makes me feel a bit cramped, even though it's not like a particularly small space. 
Service is pretty good overall, and food isn't bad but I also haven't been wowed. For example, on my most recent visit, I ordered their egg mushroom toast but there were so few mushrooms that it felt like I was just eating egg toast. Also, I've had their famous lemon ricotta pancakes in the past, but in my opinion, those pancakes were too mushy and flat. I know others love how "moist" it is, but I think it tastes far too soggy for my ideal pancake. To date, it is still cash only as well. 
I feel like I must be missing something because quite a few other people I know seem to love it, so take it as you will!All of their food here is good, but sometimes the service is sub-par and they skimp on the portions. Their employees have been short when they've messed up an order and their "bowl" of soup is a slightly exaggerated "cup." With that being said, I'd recommend the place! Generally I've experienced good things.