Food is good, but the cafe itself is extremely dirty. I will probably not return unless they clean the place up.Cheap food and large selection. Unfortunately, they forgot our order, we waited 15 minutes and they were not even sorry about it. Bad customer service.Holy _____! Good rolls. Great service. Good prices. Lots of healthy options. Try the sushi. It worth every penny!Great food and atmosphere. Cobb salad is awesome. Would definitely recommend this establishment.So glad to find this place! The food is simply delicious! Apple salad is the bomb! Honestly, I tried almost everything on the menu and was not disappointed once. Except for the one time when I tried to order lunch and, they could not place my order because they were extremely busy. Which is NOT a bad thing - the food is just this good!Consistently a good spot for lunch, whether pickup or ordering in.  Solid food, quick to make it, can order through Yelp directly.  Labeling of food for pickup sometimes off slightly, but that's a slight problem that can usually get solved easily at time of pickup.Great sandwiches and service fast and friendly service. Had the spicy Philly- flavorful and fresh ingredients.I love this place! It's an adorable little coffee shop on third street in Old City. It's a small but fairly well designed space with plenty of seating and room for people. The seating area has all your typical coffee house style seats such has tables, bars, and reading chairs. They have all your typical coffee house fair as well; bagels and sandwiches. I have been here quite a few times and it's all pretty good. Very friendly staff as well.Good customer service and excellent pricing for good quality food. The avocado toast was delicious. I will definitely come back here.Came in here looking for coffee this morning. I got this (it was delicious) in addition to super friendly service and free wifi. In fact, I came back later on the same day to try their apple salad and it was DELICIOUS. 
This whole experience was such a lovely surprise to cheer up this rainy day!!Highly recommend any of their salads ( especially the pear salad and the protein bowl)!! This spot is super delicious and always tastes fresh.The breakfast sandwiches are sooo good and made when you order.  The soup is soooo good and has good chunks of veggies and meat and noodles.  Cosi used to be my soup fix but now that I've had it here I won't be going there.Not impressed - ordered delivery, took over an hour to get here. Ordered a green smoothie, they forgot it (the restaurant did call me to inform me of this after the order had already left 20 minutes ago and they did refund me which was generous...but still. What was the point of ordering it at all??) Ordered the veggie sandwich on multigrain toast, came on ciabatta. Ordered extra avocado, definitely didn't have it. And on a $9 sandwich I just wish I had gotten what I had ordered. Long story short, don't think I'll be ordering from here again. Oh well!I've ordered two sandwiches from this place: Veggie Delight and Baconator. The veggie delight was served on hearty multigrain bread. It was surprisingly filling for a vegan sandwich. The Baconator is a primo BLT, loaded with crispy bacon, a little tomato, and plenty of lettuce to balance out the pork. And a spicy aioli on top, makes it perfect. I will definitely be ordering these again in the future.Not impressive at all, I ordered turkey hummus wraps, turned out that half of my wraps barely contained any turkey! Only green and hummus. What a surprise!This place is delicious! Consistently. Their smoothies are amazing, sandwhichs and wraps are well balanced and delicious, their salads are flavorful, though a bit wet towards the end. Friendly service. Be mindful of lunch time as it can take quite some time to get your food but if you order ahead, you'll be fine! LOVE this place.For a bite to eat while checking out the historic sites like The Liberty Bell and Independence Hall, this is a great choice. It was a tight fit during the lunch rush but the line moved quickly and it wasn't difficult to find a seat. The amount of food you get for the price is incredible. I shared my Cubano Panini with my 4 year old and we still didn't finish it. My husband raved about the Buffalo Chicken Wrap and also couldn't finish his. Definitely a most stop to rehydrate and feed your gut between exploring.I'm not sure how I missed this place when I started working in the neighborhood a year ago.  I usually bring my lunch to work (mainly because there are so few decent places to eat in the area). The times I don't have my lunch can be traumatic because the options are limited and pretty terrible (unless you like Cosi or paying way too much at Red Owl Tavern).  Had a well constructed salad - fresh and not drowning in dressing - that I was able to order online and pick up within 15 minutes.  With a great lunchtime take out option like this, I will definitely be okay coming to work lunchless.  
Should note that the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was their website wasn't super current and I ordered a salad option that wasn't on their current menu.  That said, they still made it for me and it was delicious.No no no no no. This place is so dirty and gross. Ordered two shots of espresso lifted the cup and found a dead bug under my cup. Everything is sticky, they also ran out of ciabatta bread so they put my panini on random wheat bread without even asking me if that's what I wanted. The food also took forever and it wasn't even hot or goodWe were disappointed to learn that Cafe Square One would be closing at 6 today, but such is life; it's summer after all. 
... that is, until I looked at my watch and learned that in addition to posting a sign that they'd be closed at 6, it was a bit after 5 and the doors were already locked. The young staff sat idly while deliberately ignoring us and others outside. 
Um, isn't it silly to close earlier than the time at which you've posted you'll be closing early? Just saying. 
One star for the rude staff.You know when someone tries to do so many things that they can't really do any of them well? That's exactly how I feel about Cafe Square One. 
Their menu is super extensive and they boast that you can pretty much make any accommodation you wish, which is nice for those picky souls. I've had an array of items here from salads to bagels and I wasn't very impressed with any of them. Service is friendly, but very slow, even when you're the only customer. 
The smoothies are a solid 4-stars though and I will certainly return for those.Met up with a friend for lunch around 1:00 on a Wednesday afternoon. It was a small place and we almost had a tough time spotting it. It was quaint inside and had a slightly modern feel, which we both liked. I think we got there right after the lunch rush because we didn't have trouble nabbing a place to sit. The service was very friendly and quick! I ordered the protein bowl and it was excellent!! LOVED the golden honey dressing that came on the side. My friend had the cubano panini and the tropical bliss smoothie. Both looked fantastic and he really seemed to enjoy both of them. Their menu has so many great sounding, reasonably priced options, can't wait to go back!Fast service and friendly.  The protein salad taste great and is large.  Fresh ingredients that fill you up fast.  Just be ready when they call your name.  If you aren't fast enough they repeat it ever half a second until you pick it up.It is such a cute cafe with amazing food! The portions are a great size. I visited this place with my friends for a conference and when we came back the next year we knew that the first place we wanted to go was cafe square one. Highly recommended! And the staff is very nice!Turkey hummus wrap was a great choice. Normally come for breakfast burritos when I work in town. Friendly service. Should be listed on yelp choices when searching for lattesGreat spot for lunch. Havent eaten in yet, came and ordered lunch twice, ordered online thru yelp once. Tasty enough and efficient. Favorite quick lunch in area with Mrs k goneFantastic breakfast burrito and cold brew coffee. Kind service too. Food took a while but well worth it.Awesome sandwich spot. Just in town for the day and stumbled on this place. Looking forward to coming back. Great selection on sandwiched, salads, and wraps and the breakfast looks great tooHighly recommend!! Cute little place with excellent choices for breakfast and lunch! Reasonably priced and great tasting food.Great coffee and food made here in a small cafe atmosphere. Wide, wide range of sandwiches and subs as well as other meals. Also, beware: the Spicy Philly Panini is actually spicy!As I had wanted to do prior, I tried this place again. I went in and ordered a Cobb salad. And as I had hoped, it was perfect. The chicken was flavorful, and the bacon was crispy. The avocado perfectly ripe. It was a textbook Cobb salad. The customer service and the food, quality and taste, exceeded my expectations. This is now my go to place for lunch in my neighborhood. I will definitely be returning again to try other items on the menu. Highly recommend!Great little cafe. Best salad in the area, nice sandwiches, and sushi too.  Very reasonable prices too.Nice little cafe. Need better signage on the building not dangling off the front. They do breakfast bites and have already made breads and muffins and drinks.It's a good place for quick lunch. The service is fast and the price is fair. 
Would recommend to my friends.I have honestly been so obsessed with this place. This is my favorite cafe. The food is amazing and the service is impeccable. I live far from Olde City, but cravings really do kick in and gets the best of me. Spicy Philly is honestly the best panini I've ever had. 
On my last visit here, my friend ordered a chicken pesto panini and the chicken was a little under cooked. One of the workers/managers there offered to make her a new one. After doing so, he personally brings it to our table and then takes out his wallet and leaves cash on the table and insisted that the panini would be on him. After accepting the cash, another worker comes over with a plate of sushi (Bali Paradise). He told us that that was on the house. We refused to take it and they insisted. I have never encountered customer service this great. 
They are an honest business and respects their customers.I went in for an iced coffee a few weeks ago when I saw a new coffee shop sprouted up; I don't think they cold brew...it  tasted like they just chilled hot coffee.  But the sandwiches are awesome!! I saw all these beautiful pictures on here and had to go get one too!! I ordered the california chicken and it is dynamite!!  The chicken is moist (and they were actual chunks of white meat chicken) and everything tastes fresh, the veg are all crunchy, the bread is nice and toasty.  This is my new lunch spot!!So happy with this find! The place was a cute quaint looking cafe with a very welcoming feel. We ordered a southwestern salad and a chicken pesto panini. The salad had a perfect proportion of all ingredients and to top it off the southwestern dressing was delicious! And the chicken pesto panini had a wholesome feel to it with a good chicken to mozzarella ratio. Definitely a place to try!THIS PLACE IS THE WORST!!!!!!!!!!  Ordered 3 times.  The first time we ordered breakfast and they said they didn't delivery until 11:00.  That order was canceled.  Second time, they didn't have tuna, they didn't have spinach wraps.  The entire order had to be changed.  Third time, and last time we ordered, the restaurant called and said they could not locate the delivery person and that our food was just sitting at the restaurant.  Worst customer service ever!!!!!!  They should close for ever!!!!!!!!!!Great yummy quick busy cute lunch place in an old building that we found on Yelp after our independence hall tours. Huge Cobb salad n tasty Gobbler. Too hungry n forgot to take a pic but would definitely recommend for a quick good bite. Seems very popular among locals.Sooooo gooooooood! The prices are great, the food is great, the space is welcoming. Breakfast burrito = ace. The staff is SO friendly and attentive, I love them!Good good. Reasonable prices. Good vegetarian options, with vegetarian proteins options. It's nice to see an effort made that passes the mark for variety, flavor, and attention. The smoothies are good, but can be made at home. It's nice that they have the option. Good music for a casual lunch. The one negative (maybe two) is the a/c does not work very well, so it was a bit stuffy. The second negative is the drink cooler did not work, so they no cold drink options (unless you want ice in your drinks). The upside is that they had a great selection of beverages.Delicious! This cozy spot was perfect for a bite to eat. I've wandered Philadelphia looking for a great place to eat and I've found it. Simple, quaint and friendly. It's definitely worth trying and the prices are reasonable. I would pay more. See you again!With the great reviews on Yelp, I decided to give it another try. The staff is friendly for sure but the food seems a bit plain, which is not an issue if you are into healthy eating.OMG. This is paradise. Kind, generous, creative, reasonable, and OH so delicious! I got the avocado toast with an extra egg. Out of drip coffe so he gave me Café Americano at the drip price. Support these guys -- their high ratings are well earned!Best place to hang out in old city district. The food fresh, great service, great price, friendly place in townMy office is a few blocks from Cafe Square One and it took my coworkers and I nearly 6 months to find the place! Cafe Square One has been our hidden gem for lunch. Everything we get is delicious and we cannot stop going back. Prices are fantastic, food is delicious, staff is friendly. Between the four of us, we have probably tried everything on the menu. 
I love the Cubano! Its hard to find that sandwich done right. Ask for your Bacon extra crispy on the BLT or eat it right away. Southwest chicken salad is so gooooood.The sandwiches are great! I love the Spicy Philly sandwich! This place is a perfect lunch spot. Their sandwiches are not too big so you don't feel overly bloated after having one but you feel very satisfied. I did not particularly enjoy the smoothie, it was lukewarm, fairly small for the price, and the texture was very smooth, more like a juice rather than a smoothie/slushy. I would not get it again, but I wouldn't let that deter you. Definitely a small local lunch spot. I can't wait to go back!They had a blackboard outside advertising vegan cheesesteak, and our hotel was literally around the corner. We popped in and ordered a few things, almost all of which we customized and the staff could not have been nicer about it. The cheesesteak was to be a wrap but we didn't want a wrap, so they kindly put it on a panini for us (and the bread was fantastic). While it wasn't really a cheesesteak it was an absolutely delicious, substantial vegetable sandwich. We missed the cut-off for breakfast foods but they generously offered to make it anyway. Their smoothie was wonderful + fresh and my son just about inhaled it.
It is a very small cafe but they did pretty brisk business; while we were waiting for our order we saw many people pop in to pick up their take-away. One of the customers sat and loudly and for a long time had a blue-tooth conversation, so **everybody** got to listen to him. Another family was in for lunch and we overheard them say something was quite spicy, so we asked the kitchen to please lower the spice level which they did.
We were very pleased with the food we ate and I thought they had a friendly staff.Grabbed a quick lunch and it did not disappoint. I like when a place is busy because that means the food is going to be fresh :) It's a little small inside with a few tables to sit and enjoy. 
I had the Caprese Panini. It was everything I expected it to be and more.  The mozzarella was fresh and the pesto tasted great. 
I'd go for a quick bite and they have a variety of sandwiches and salads for all. :)Wonderful find a few blocks from the Omni. Quaint store front with cozy interior. Just the kind of place I like to patronize when I am out of town. My wife loved her oatmeal and my bagel sandwich with egg, ham and cheese was delish. Service with a smile and this appears to be a family owned operation.One star off because the cappuccino lacked a strong coffee flavor I like. Would return thoughCame here for a light lunch and it was better than expected - chicken pesto panini, pear salad, chipotle wrap....no disappointments! Prices decent as well, especially if searching for under $10 to eat. Friend got a vanilla latte and said it was good!
Update: still good! Love the service and love that I can get unique flavors like LavenderI got the pear salad with balsamic dressing for lunch. This was by far the best meal I've had while visiting Philadelphia this week, and I ate at some high priced restaurants for dinner. The chicken on the salad was tender and had amazing seasoning and just the right amount of grilling and browning. The entire salad was very fresh and I'm picky about my lettuce. The sweetened pecans with the seasoned chicken, cranberries and feta was an awesome combo.  Wish I found this place yesterday.Went there for the first time this morning. Friendly staff and reasonably priced food make them a great addition to Old City! Their serving La Colombe coffee is a big plus. I would definitely visit again.Breakfast buritto was amazing. I dare to say that was my best ever in my life. Brewed coffee was so so. The place wasn't very clean, but ok. Opens in early moning. Goos place for breakfast with affordable prices.This place was not bad. At lunch I feel like you have to wait when you get in.... For me I was trying to get out with my lunch. Overall the service was not bad. I had a Cesar salad. They put too much cheese needed to have less cheese. I do feel like their a little over price for salads. The salads should be more less. However they do give a good amount with the salads. 
Overall place and area was good.Excellent sushi at moderate prices. Staff aims to please. On one visit I found a small piece of plastic in a sushi roll. The chef came out and humbly apologized and returned all my money. On the next visit he added an extra roll to my order at no charge. An unusual menu with a variety of sushi options plus a menu of other sandwich choices.Coffee = hot and fresh
I had the breakfast burrito and it was delicious..
A must stop for anyone visiting from out of town like me..The MOST delicious tofu ban mih!  Highly recommended.  A friendly place.Ordered a shot of espresso as a pick-me-up... absolute shit. :( To be less blunt, the espresso was way too acidic. Don't think I'll come here again, unfortunately.Okay, I'll give them another star. I've been back a few times since my original review (thanks to Square sending me a half-price coupon to entice me to return), and the quality has definitely picked up. I've only re-tried the Spicy Philly Panini since my last review, but each time it has been tasty, fresh, and satisfying--and now it even comes with bacon! I accidentally discovered that it's even better on the sizzler bread when they were out of the panini bread one day, so that's how I will be ordering it from now on.
Their paninis still feel a tad bit expensive when they don't come with chips or anything on the side, but the last couple I've gotten have been substantial enough to justify the cost, unlike when I got them before and still felt hungry.
It's been a different set of people making food and taking orders, at least during the lunchtimes I've stopped by, and they're all really nice. The previous employees were all really nice, too, but this crew seems to be more on top of the details and maintaining quality control. So, they're back in my lunch rotation for now!Love this place. Great food. I keep trying different things and love them all. My only complaint is that you leave smelling like the food. The ventilation isn't that great. So now, I try to call ahead for my food and go in and out really quick.This is a must visit in Philadelphia for breakfast coffee or breakfast sandwiches. The breakfast sandwich is made right then and there. Nothing is frozen and everything was fresh. Very helpful owners and patient while we looked at the menu.Located this gem through Yelp and was very pleased with the varied menu, healthy options and friendly staff.  In Philly for a work project and being able to eat healthy is important. I had the pear salad and it was very fresh and tasty. The dressing although I used just a little, was very flavorful!  Also got a chance to try their beet root latte which also very tasty!  The seating area is limited, but a great place for pick up and go. Highly recommend this cafe!Talk about fresh and great price. All I have to say is wow. Had the buffalo chicken wrap was so yummy! If I could give this place a 10 star I would.I signed up for yelp just to write this cafe a review. Popped in here after a morning of site-seeing for a quick lunch. The food was absolutely delicious and super fresh. The protein bowl salad was probably the best salad I've ever had. The menu is large with tons of sandwiches, wraps, salads and smoothies. Definitely recommend!Good choices, and fairly priced. Good spot for a quick lunch. Nice enough people but in a great location as it's near all the independence hall stuff. Not much seating.Great place to eat on the days when I can't bring lunch to work. Fully loaded and California Chicken sandwich are my fav.I picked up a Cobb salad and apple/pineapple/spinach/OJ smoothie. Both things were great! The Cobb salad was pretty big (I have leftovers) and the smoothie was fresh. Since I did do a pick-up order, the smoothie separated a little bit. When I got home I just stirred it up and it was good to go. Cobb salad had the classic ingredients: tomato, chicken, bacon, avo, hard boiled egg, cheese. I got "golden honey" dressing - end up being a sweet honey mustard, basically. Did not disappoint! (Oh, they also recommended you don't order via Yelp because the website is more up-to-date)I ordered the Bahn Mi panini and it was amazing! It was so well made and the tofu was marinated and grilled to perfection. The staff was incredibly friendly and seemed down to earth. I would highly recommend grabbing a meal here!! The food is tasty, fresh and well made!Breakfast was a big disappointment. Got the farmers platter, they didn't give us any toast which should have come with it, the bacon was burnt and a huge lump and looked so unappetizing. The eggs which we ordered sunny side up were not cooked and still had parts of clear egg white. When we told them the eggs were not cooked they overcooked the eggs instead of redoing them sunny side up. The hash browns were tasteless and were lukewarm at the best. At least my cafe-au-lait and lox bagel tasted okay. Never coming back though.I was a big fan of this place when it first opened a few years ago, as Old City is a bit lacking in semi-healthy work week under-$10 lunch spots. I stopped working in the area for about a year, came back, and unfortunately, the few times I've been this year have been disappointing. 
A few notable experiences were when I got a Spicy Philly panini (which I'd had many times before) that had absolutely no avocado, very little chicken, and a ridiculous overload of spinach; a Buffalo chicken panini that had almost an undetectable amount of sauce; and now, today, a Chipotle chicken wrap that has no Chipotle mayo on it at all. And I know for sure, because that stuff is spicy! The ingredients are fresh enough (and I'm hungry enough) that I'm still working my way through it, but I was looking forward to the Chipotle flavor, and the whole thing is just kinda dry and plain and... again, well, disappointing.
I actually emailed them about that first panini and received a nice, quick reply from the owner (as well as an offer of a free sandwich/wrap/salad that I never took them up on), but have only gone back a couple times since. I was craving this particular wrap today and am once again disappointed. The employees are super nice, the quality of ingredients is good, and there are some unique options, but the inconsistency around order details, portioning, etc. is making it unlikely I'll keep going back or recommend to friends/co-workers.I've been a long time customer at Cafe Square One, ordering at least once a week since they've opened. I love the fresh food and healthy filling lunch options. Unfortunately, I've had two unsavory experiences that make me cautious to continue eating here. In one salad, I found multiple pieces of aluminum foil still attached to pieces of chicken. They explained the chicken is grilled in aluminum foil and wasn't completely removed before it made it onto my plate. While this was unsavory, it seemed to be a one off mistake. In another recent salad order, I found a big dead bug hanging out in the lettuce. Perhaps they're not careful enough with washing veggies and preparing food. They kindly offered a refund the second time, but unfortunately I no longer trust the food won't have surprises.  The food is delicious, but you might want to take a closer look at each bite.Went here on a recommendation from a coworker. Ordered 2 paninis and guess what 30 minutes to make it.... it's not rocket science. I had to ask twice to see if my order was being cooked. Also rude workers. Taste was good though so no complaints there.My far the best place in olde city to grab breakfast and lunch during the week. Everything is so fresh and it's really inexpensive compared to most. The people who run the place are some of the friendliest , which is always an added bonus.The only bad thing about this place is that it is so cold inside !!!! The food is good and fresh! The not disappointed is that they use canned tuna and not fresh tuna but it is good. I got a salad and my husband a sandwich. Generous portions.Old City finally has an affordable option for lunch with healthy food. Love all of the wraps, salads, and sandwiches, though my favorite is the Turkey Pita. Very friendly staff. Overall, a great spot.I love the quaint artsy feel of this cafe. The food was freshly made and very good.  The coffee was on point!Food is very fresh and delicious. Great customer service. I'm excited this is so close to my work! They definitely have a returning customer.Cafe Square One is a great local business on 3rd Street. The service is a little slow, but the food and the coffee are pretty tasty. It's not the greatest - I'd give this place 3.5 stars, if I could - but good enough for a quick bite.3.5 Yelps.  Solid little sandwich joint.  Fresh ingredients all the way around.  Coffee was good, lemonade although good, had some fizz to it that i would have liked to have known about first, but whatever.  Sandwich at first looked a little small but then i realized it was loaded.  Ill be back to try some other stuff.