Beautiful, friendly, delicious, unique, cozy - the adjectives you crave for your morning coffee all fit here!  A gem.Great spot,much space and wonderful food and coffee..fresh smoothies ..etc 
One of center centers top cafes ..worth a trip ..
Young lady at counter most pleasant and helpful.
.Will returnBest iced coffee I've had in the city, its smooth and delicious and they add espresso which prevents the dilution that usually results in a watery drink after a few minutes in the heat. The hot coffee is also some of the best in the area. Although Talula's also brews La Colombe, Walnut Cafe somehow makes it much much better. My go-to caffeine fix without any pretention whatsoever!My wife and I were walking in Philly early Sunday, Nov. 5th looking for a place to eat breakfast, and as we turned on a street we smelled the most wonderful baked goods.  We walked down to the basement where the Cafe Walnut counter is, and was greeted very warmly.  We ordered sesame bagels with egg and cheese, teas, and a chocolate croissant, and the young lady at the counter informed us that there's a nice seating area upstairs.  The food was wonderful, and the seating area is cozy, decorated tastefully (and not overdone as in some cafes).  The Korean music was very soothing. 
We want back a few hours later and asked for a strawberry and banana smoothie, and a mango and pineapple smoothie, (not too sweet).  And the lady made them perfectly (she didn't add any syrup and everything was made on the spot)!  I commented on how great the place is and the wonderful baked goods smell.  As we sat, the young lady came and gave us a freshly made chocolate muffin on the house.  It was such a wonderful gesture, and a great way to remember a superb, cozy cafe run by friendly and sweet staff who know how to make people feel at home.  We'll go back here any time we're in Philly!The staff here is beyond sweet and the upstairs has terrifically aesthetic with a great view of Washington Sq.I got their iced coffee today for the first time, which I didn't realize comes with a shot of espresso. It was even better than their iced latte. I also got a sausage egg & cheese on an everything bagel which was delicious.Such a quaint cafe! I stumbled upon this based on Yelp reviews and for those that said to try the Red Velvet Latte, I strongly agree with them. It's a bit sweet but I thought it worked its magic. The owner is super friendly and makes you feel welcome the moment you walk in. I came here to study and loved that it wasn't packed at all. It began to fill up a bit afterwards, but it wasn't disruptive. The only downside was that it's a bit dark upstairs. But I still found it to be a great study spot with a nice view overlooking Washington Square. Definitely coming back here again!Such a cute coffee shop!!! Reminds me of coffee shops in Boston. Finally a coffee shop that doesn't play music too loud!! This place is simply superb!!!! I had the espresso and it was fantastic. They were also SUPER nice and helpful in explaining menu options...huge breakfast/sandwich/korean food selection, which is so surprising for a coffee shop. I will have to come back to try the food. Very reasonably priced. They offered me a specialty pastry which looked like a little macaroon...walnut soft shell filled with red bean pastry and it was incredibly tasty...which is saying a lot because I normally don't like red bean paste, but this was so yummy, and the perfect size. 
Fyi - the entry door is located underground, so you have to go down a few stairs...but they have a large seating area "upstairs" (which is at street level) and you can exit there.  Huge floor to ceiling windows gives a great view of the park. This design lets in a lot of natural light into the main seating area which is great for studying. Most of the tables are small and a little wobbly, but that adds to the charm of the place. If unbalanced tables bother you, then just be prepared. The wifi is free...no password needed and it's super fast! I loved that it wasn't overly crowded with people talking like most coffee shops, so it's great for students or writers. Quickly becoming a new favorite spot for me!!I have only tried a red velvet latte in New York, so when I saw that they have it in store, I had to get it! It was good :-) I was curious about the Madeline-like walnut and bean paste pastries that were sitting next to the cash register, and the girl behind the counter gave me and my mom one each for free before buying it (It's 3 for $1)! And when my mom wanted more, the girl gave me an extra fourth one for free! 
I also love that they have Asian foods and snacks. I instantly felt happy  And the ambience upstairs looks so cozy and inviting. Will definitely be back!Excellent local cafe, right on the park.  You can sit in the sun and people watch.  The coffee is better than Starbucks (La Colombe), and they make fresh teas that I enjoy.  Ginger tea is great.  Also, a very nice lunch.  I like the Bibimbap, a signature Korean dish, they also have sandwiches, pasteries, etc. Friendly service indeed! highly recommended.Cheap and yummy bibimbap. Their tea is delicious as well. Super friendly staff. I'll definitely be returning soon!Visiting Philadelphia and happened upon this lovely cafe. Outstanding espresso, delicious breakfast sandwiches, and wonderful gracious staff. Thank you for the awesome surprise! Was very disappointed I couldn't take one of the gorgeous salads to go due to my space limitations but I will be back to try one.Very cute coffee/sandwich shop.  I came here to review my notes before heading to a big exam in the area.  There were lots of empty tables, outlets around the perimeter, and others were there during my visit to study as well.  Unfortunately, a guy met two people to have a boisterous business meeting which made studying a bit difficult even with my earplugs in...but hey, it's a free world.  I ordered a smoothie and a bacon and egg sandwich on a croissant.  Cost me about $13 which I felt was a bit pricey for breakfast but it was all very good.  I enjoyed my breakfast and would return.Yum.  I've only had bibimbap at Korean sit down restaurants in a stone bowl. This was like a spicy salad. Really refreshing and good size!! 
Will be back for more. Yum 
Upstairs is cute. A little dark to study but nice!Cafe Walnut is a sweet little shop! The staff at the counter were so nice, and the seating area upstairs is the perfect place to settle in and get some work done with a beautiful view of the park. I was in a rush so I didn't get to try some of the more interesting and exotic options on their menu, but my hot chocolate and croissant were really yummy and I'm looking forward to coming back and trying everything they have to offer!Needed a place to work from, stay cool and get something to drink. Originally I just got a bottle of water and hung out upstairs for a bit but then the guy came up with samples of their strawberry, banana, yogurt smoothie. What a great idea because I ended up getting one.
It's an extra $1 for yogurt but it was worth it. The size of the cup is also huge. Only one side.
I like the way they decorated the upstairs; simple and kind of cozy.
My laptop did keep getting disconnected from the wi-fi but I don't know if that was my problem or the wi-fi.
The only real issue was all the flies at the window seating area. I don't even know how they got there because the door upstairs is never open and there are no open window. The guy next to me even took one of the magazines by the window to kill a fly ... Please replace some of the magazines. I don't like how they are thrown around but mostly because some of the covers looked really eh .. which is why I didn't touch any of them.Absolute coffee perfection. The iced coffee is delicious and refreshing and the service is friendly and inviting.  What more can u ask for?!Great coffee, salads and sushi. All freshly made daily and served by excellent and friendly staff. This is my favorite Wash West  coffee spot.Their food and drinks are great and very reasonably priced but what sets this place apart is the service. The people here are some of the friendliest and most helpful I've ever met. While I was here another customer wanted dumplings, which weren't available, and one of the chefs made them fresh just for her. When I ordered an earl grey latte (which I highly recommend), the man who brought it out to me offered to remake it if I didn't like it (I did). This place seems to have lots of regulars, and if I lived closer I would certainly be one of them!Very nice and cozy place; sandwiches are fresh and tasty. Amazingly kind and friendly owner. Additional seating upstairs; very spacious.这家咖啡是我在费城去过的最好的咖啡厅 员工是韩国人 很友好 说话非常体贴 咖啡厅气氛很好 很安静 还有好多好吃的 他家还有茶可以喝 价格也很便宜 还可听到k-pop 还有免费wifi 让你用哦 我很推荐去他家喝一下咖啡 感受安静的气氛.
The cafe Walnut is charming ambiance, and it's the great place to drink coffee. Also There has pretty good tea and food. Food is very fresh and the staff was so friendly and cute. The price is reasonable and free wifi. All in all,I like the atmosphere in CAFE Walnut. I think that is beat cafe in the Philadelphia.Great little quiet spot walnut street. Food is good fresh fruit smoothies and yogurt. Fresh coffee. Delicious sandwiches. Fresh pastries. Prices are reasonable also for the location. I will definitely be back.Been here twice - exceptional service and food both times.  Had their homemade yogurt for breakfast once and enjoying a grilled chicken on brioche right now.  WONDERFUL!Stopped by for lunch with my boyfriend. The breakfast egg sandwich had a hard boiled egg which wasn't what we had expected. Cute place and staff was very friendly.This place was so so so cute !!!! The workers were also so cute and kind ! I got a strawberry banana smoothie and double chocolate muffin and they were soooo good. The atmosphere was great and the second floor had a good view of the street. Definitely will be visiting again !I'm updating my review. I have tried vegetable dumplings, salads,bagels, cappuccinos, and of course coffee. What can I say my go to spot!Great place! Good coffee, nice upstairs seating area, friendly staff.  Also, great bibimbap! I was a little suspicious when I saw all the lettuce they were throwing in, but it works.  Like a bibimbap-salad hybrid.This is such a beautiful place in center city. Cafe walnut is very quiet and perfect for chilling and relaxing with coffee or cold drinks like smoothies. It's good for studying as well. I enjoyed being here  during weekend and listen to the classical jazz which is fantastic for cafe. I love their coffee! The drip coffee is wonderful and the latte tastes so good!The staff was friendly, my latte was good. The atmosphere was quiet and relaxing, just what I was looking for. I wasn't super impressed with the food. I got a sandwich and it was fine. I think this place is definitely more of a beverage/pastry place than a lunch place.
All in all, this was a nice escape from a stressful day.Yum! I really enjoyed the bibimbap that I got, and my dad his sandwich. Free WiFi, if definitely return to study one day!I came in here for some breakfast and coffee, and was pretty disappointed with this place. I ordered two standard toasted sausage egg and cheese bagels - and they were over priced for the very poor quality. The bagels were hard as a rock, slightly warm (not toasted) with disproportionately sized egg, cheese, and sausage. The ingredients were lukewarm and VERY dry. The coffee was fine (it's hard to mess up La Colombe). I wouldn't recommend this for anything other than a quick coffee.Friendliest staff that goes over and beyond. Also a great place to get some work done. Upstairs area is large and you're not fighting for space or power outlets. Plus great view of Wash Square Park if you want to do some people watching.Great location, seating, and wifi. Only negative is the terrible music selection - sometimes it's classical which is great, but often, and depending on who's manning the cash register, it can be really loud and pretty obnoxious (difficult to ignore), not conducive to actually getting work done.Great place to hang out. The staffs are very friendly. Love their iced red velvet latte. Best place to hang out during summer time. And it close to my fave park in Philly, Washington Square. Definitely will returning soon!Upstairs seating area is pretty cute, spacious and not crowded. Got a latte and macarons they were alrightCute, fun, charming, location with good service and a small, but tasty selection of pastries. More of a coffee shop than a cafe, they do have very well made fresh fruit smoothies, and a selection of sliced fresh fruit.Good selection. my chicken salad and green juice was good.Cute place.  Good bkfst sammys.  Latte was yummy.  Perfect way to start the day.   Very friendly staff.While waiting for a delish iced latte they gave out a sample of their "signature" walnut sized waffle treat. I'll gladly pay for it next time!I love their menu; there are various coffee/smoothie options as well as homemade treats. Workers were friendly and fast. A great study spot--they got the wifi, ample seating and bathroom.I am obsessed with Cafe Walnut. Friendly owners and staff, nice prices, and a nice selection of lattes and foods you don't often find. An example: the Red Velvet Latte. Mmmm...I have ordered this at least 10 times in the past year, and 9 out of 10 times it was delicious. Fantastic spot. They have my business as long as I live in Philly.My double espresso was perfect. Strong with good foam on top and about 4oz.  Just what I needed. Plus they offer yogurt and smoothies that matched the preferences of my wife and kids. Wifi was good and strong. Staff very friendly. We had a hard time finding it. Note to owner:  please add prominent sign that extends outward from building. You can't see your shop unless you are close.Very friendly service and coffee is on point. No deals on refills which is a pity since they have a really nice room upstairs with tables to post up studying. Nice music. I haven't tried their food, but I took my folks there for a quick bite one day and they said sandwiches were fresh and tasty. They enjoyed the walnut crunch samples as well. Note: they close at 7pm now. Great place!I love walking into this place and being greeted by Joon who is kind, generous and friendly. The team is great, those walnut yummies are special, and the selection of the seats upstairs, with a view of Washington Park, is just awesome. I'm a fan.I really appreciate the friendly staff at this cafe!  They are very welcoming.  
The cafe brews La Colombe coffee - I actually like the way they brew their coffee better than La Colombe because it's not quite as strong (and it's a tiny bit cheaper!)  The cafe seems to stock Au Fournil pastries and also has bagels/breakfast sandwiches and some lunch options.  There is some seating downstairs but a lot more upstairs.  It's not the most "hip" decor but if you can get past the look it's really great.
It is run by a Korean family(?) so they also offer some Korean menu options, such as the walnut snack (walnut with red bean baked in pancake batter), which is so yummy when it is fresh.  They sell misugaru lattes and bibimbap for lunch.  The bibimbap is a little bit more "fusion" in taste but price and taste is good.So glad I found Cafe Walnut. I pop in at least once a week for the bibimbap salad, which is huge and tasty. I also get a few Walnut pastry treats they keep on the counter. They're addictive! The family that owns and operates cafe Walnut is really nice and displays excellent customer service.This is the first time I bought lunch from Cafe Walnut, but I've not got a new go-to when I need a healthy satisfying meal! I got the Bibimbap w/ Bulgogi + Vegetable Dumplings + Honey Ginger Tea for $9.99. Normally I hate spending $10 on lunch, but this is SO worth it. Fresh, healthy, delicious, made-to-order, and FILLING!! The staff is always very nice and offer great customer service. Plus - they have great latte prices ($3.50 for a large!); will definitely be back to try all the flavors!Very impressed with the seating area upstairs, it's so cozy. Staff was super accommodating to me because I was with my baby.. They helped me carry my stuff upstairs and bussed my plate at the end. It was so nice. I had a crappy bagel but an EXCELLENT latte. Another family across from me seemed to be enjoying great looking Korean food. This place is great, can't imagine why it took me so long to find it.Veryyyy simple cafe. Turkey and cheese sandwiches. Yogurt parfaits. Muffins. Super small tables. Nothing flashy or particularly attractive. Just stopped in for a sandwich, which was good, this just isn't a trendy kind of place. Staff was very nice and attentive.
Café is downstairs from the sidewalk, extra tables upstairsOrdered a box of 21 walnut pastries and it took about 30min for them to make them fresh! They've been great snacks on our road trip to niagara - lasted us about two days and they didn't go bad :)This place was fantastic. We popped in to keep warm and get some coffees and got chocolate. The 2 guys that were working were fabulous and very attentive. Fantastic little find.Found a new favorite study spot while enjoying a variety of drinks! Large beautiful open area upstairs that overlooks the park on walnut street for a quiet studying time, best of all... it was NOT packed. 
If you're a fan of La Colombe (my personal favorite quality coffee shop), then you'll love their coffees! The owners are hilarious and love to create their own inspired blend of coffees, smooths, and teas.
Must Try: 
-Red Velvet Latte (for coffee drinkers) basically a Mocha but on steroids and it's red. Similar to La Colombe's mocha, but more chocolate-y and infused with their homemade syrup. 
- MISUGARU LATTE! (for non coffee drinkers) Considered a super drink because of the natural healthy ingredients inside. It's basically a korean steamed milk latte that has a nutty, sweet, rice taste. It was so smooth and rich. Coming from an Asian background, I love this type of drink. I had their quinoa one (you don't taste it) and it's been my favorite! You'll also have surprise pulps of barley or brown rice from the drink- so be ready :) 
Disappointments: 
- the free walnut crunches are now being charged for 
- many flies upstairs near the windowGot an egg & cheese sandwich on everything bagel - pretty standard cafe food but well made and served nice and warm. The veggie dumplings were awesome too. Staff was super friendly and helpful. Really cute decor and seating area upstairs. Only suggestion is to get some hot sauce!Love this place! The man who runs it (and presumably owns it) is always very friendly. The coffee is delicious. I haven't tried the food, but the pastries all look delicious. This is my go-to when I want coffee on my way to work and have some extra time.In town on business, and walking down Walnut Street (just here last summer on vacation with the family). I had been sent by a doorman to 7th and Walnut to a particular place, and literally couldn't spot it. But saw "Café Walnut," which is a hole in the wall place with both an up and downstairs. Asian-family owned, it appears. Nice variety of homemade-in-advance sandwiches and salads. Had grilled chicken on brioche, with lettuce, tomato and avocado. Excellent. Also a perfect mango smoothie. Very nice little place, well priced, just a block from Independence Hall. Polite service. Upstairs has a nice view of Washington Square.Friendly service and great coffee and just a few steps from Washington Square, near Jefferson Hospital and Jewelers Row!  The counter is garden level (downstairs), with a seating area upstairs that overlooks Washington Square. They have the usual coffeehouse baked goods, macarons and smoothies, plus good sushi, bibimbap, salads, fruit, sandwiches, all fresh and at decent prices. The seating area has beautiful hardwood floors, there is free Wi-fi and plenty of tables. The La Colombe coffee is delicious and each purchase of a coffee comes with a free treat--a small walnut shaped cake (which are tasty and are also sold 3 for $1.) So happy to see another coffee place open on the block as I really missed the old Next Door cafe.Don't go here. They would not take a card for $3.85 "iced tea" which was ice and water in a cup with a teabag thrown in. Then they tried to sell me something else to get over$5 to charge my card. Don't call yourself a coffee shop if you can't brew your own iced tea.A group of friends and I were only in Philly for the day. While walking around some historical sites, we stopped in for some coffee. The staff was all shoe friendly. I ordered an iced latte and it hit the spot. Perfect proportions of espresso, milk and flavoring that was honestly better than expected. It was a good reward for skipping the Starbucks down the street and opting for a local businessThis is a seriously good coffee shop. They serve La Colombe and have delicious Asian ingredient lattes. The cafe is really clean and the staff are incredibly friendly.I SAW A MOUSE!! 
Was looking for a place to study and found this place on Yelp. Its very close to where I'm staying in Philadelphia. The atmosphere is good, lots of tables and fast wifi!
The only thing that put me off was, midway through my Latte I saw a mouse scurry over the floorboards. Didnt feel like staying there after I saw the mouse!Nice little hipster coffee shop. The coffee is average, but it does its job. The bagels are bagels. On the plus side, most things are not expensive like Starbucks or La Colombe. It is an awesome place to study and relax with a window view of Rittenhouse. The staff is very nice.I'm torn about this place. I came here for the lunch special ($10 for a Korean bibimbap, 3 vegetable dumplings, AND a coffee) which was a fantastic deal. The bibimbap was filling, delicious, and was definitely great for a meal. I opted to upgrade the coffee to an early gray latte, and I was a little disappointed by it. It was more of a hot-milk-with-a-teabag-thrown-in kind of drink. While that's how tea lattes are supposed to work, it just wasn't what I was particularly looking for. Still, Café Walnut's lunch special holds a special place in my heart.The upstairs is nice to get some work done, read or just sit at the window and people watch but seriously ... what is up with all the flies? Downstairs too!Tucked away at a corner, a little gem.
Rustic deco, friendly.
They have some interesting Korean lunch menu also.
You enter via steps down to basement and order. More seatings upstairs overlooking the park.Great place for lunch- was very impressed by their healthy and vegetarian options. Tons of fresh salads, fruit and sushi. The woman working there was super friendly and convinced me to try the bibimbap, which was amazing! I asked them to make it mild and it was still pretty spicy but very flavorful. I definitely plan to return.One of my favorite places to study for many reasons: 1. solid coffee and quick service 2. relatively spacious and quiet 3. wifi and lots of power outlets 4. decent to-go food options but lots of other food places nearby 5. Washington Square park across the street if you need a break 6. big windows for people watching if you're bored. Fairly simple overall but you shouldn't be too distracted while studying anyways :)Very cute interior and there's an upper floor where you can sit as well. Very quiet but good service! I got the earl grey iced latte which was good, maybe better hot. The coffee is great as well!The place is really only deserving of 3-stars but the hospitality of the service makes it deserving of 4. The bibimbap is just average but it's cheap ($8.99) and it can be served vegetarian or with chicken and beef. The place isn't a sit-down with waiters and stuff by the way. It's pre-packaged and you take what you want, pay, and can eat elsewhere (try Washington Square across the street!) or take your food upstairs where there are tables and window-view bar seats, plus a counter that provides paper cups, lemon water, napkins, etc. My co-worker and I also split a box of california rolls and it was average as well. The extra star is because they were nice enough to throw in extra egg to our bibimbap (co-worker and i each had one, mine with beef; her's vegetarian) and there are a tray of this baked good deliciousness for you to sample at the register.Great coffee shop that I've stumbled upon.  It's a great environment for sitting and working (quiet, free internet, good food and coffee).  SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE SBUCKS!!  As an awesome addition, they server fantastic authentic Korean food (I've lived in Korea and trust me it's good!).  There's K-pop music streaming and a super friendly staff.  Definitely will return for my trips to the city for work!excellent. can't believe i never stopped in here before. the building facade is misleading in that this place is super cool. it's weird how you go downstairs and order and then chill upstairs, but it's worth it.
note to everyone: the hours on yelp are wrong. they don't close at 9. they close at 7. we were kicked out at 7, quite kindly, but asked to leave nonetheless.Extremely nice staff, fresh coffee, and delicious foods. Their menu offers a great range of teas, lattes, juices, and other specialty drinks like green smoothies. They also have a variety of pastries, such as croissants, danishes, macarons, and more. I love to treat myself to their chai tea latte and almond croissant, but just their coffee is great too. I have nothing bad to say. They also have a loyalty punch card and you get a free drink when it's all punched! Love this place!Red Velvet Latte and Chocolate croissant were awesome. I will be going back!Nice and cozy. Super nice workers, and great coffee. Also, there is a free wi-fi and a lot of room to stay and work for a while.I found Café Walnut when looking for a quiet place to study on the weekend and it was exactly what I was looking for!  Despite the bustling Washington square location, Café Walnut is completely unassuming and not pretentious at all.  On the second floor there are several small tables and a counter with a large window overlooking Washington square--great for people watching.  I was there on a Saturday morning from about 10-1, and I was one of 5 or so people in the entire upstairs area the whole time, which could probably comfortably sit 15.  This made for an amazing study hideaway for the weekend, when every coffee shop in the city is crazy busy!   Plenty of outlets and free, fast wifi.  I ordered a bagel and an iced latte and paid around $5.50 for both.  The cashiers were very friendly, and like other reviewers said, they give out tiny red bean pastries, which is a nice touch.  Only small issues were that the upstairs was somewhat dimly lit, some of the tables were quite wobbly, and the room was a little warm, but I was comfortable at the counter by the window.  I will definitely be back!What a gem! I've lived near Washington square for about 6 months and just always went to Starbucks down the street, never realizing how wonderful Cafe Walnut is! It is unassuming, but once you enter and enjoy your latte and treats upstairs, you'll wonder why you ever bothered to go to other coffee shops in the area. I went at noon on a Sunday and it was completely empty. I had the whole upstairs to myself. It would be a great place to study too. Can I give this place 6 stars?The coffee/lattes are average, good if you're walking by and want a hot drink or beverage.
The staff, however, is exceedingly kind, helpful, and charismatic in my few experiences here. They offer you free little red bean pastries with whatever you purchase and are willing to accommodate changes or additions to your order even after you've paid.I haven't tried their food but I do frequent often for coffee. I must say the service alone keeps me coming back! The coffee is awesome as well.Really cozy coffee shop. Good coffee and tea. Love the walnut bites! The wifi is free, although not the best or fast connection. Great view of Washington Square park. Conveniently located.I love this place for lunch. It's quick, easy, fresh and conveniently located. The employees are nice and helpful and they get you in and out.  There is always plenty of seating too.
I highly recommend their baked goods too!People love Cafe Walnut on Yelp....and so do I!!! They make the best kinds of things, top notch. They also have a little dinosaurs statue thing