3.5 stars: tried the chicken ban mi. The chicken was very well seasoned but they add soy sauce to the bread which makes the sandwich taste very salty. They also do not add any butter (or a lack of)...which is something I prefer on my sandwiches...and they don't have the the pickled veggies which is something that I must have. Will give the other dishes a try in the future.Best banh mi in the city. Their bread and pate sets them above the rest.  I always get the cha lua dac biet. Loaded with meat for only $0.50 moreCafe Cuong has fantastic and affordable banh mi. I always get the chicken banh mi without pate, and while the fillings are all on point, I can't say enough about how much I love this bread. It's probably the perfect banh mi baguette, because it's pillowy soft inside and but has a crackly crust outside. 
I have eaten two of these in one sitting, and, if I were very hungry, could probably eat a third.I've tried banh everywhere from New York down to Virginia. None compares to this place and I will be forever devastated if this shop ever closes.My favorite place to go for Vietnamese hoagies. I have tried a few different sandwiches and they were all delicious. There are tables in there for you to sit and eat but I feel like its more for their friends who stop by. The only issue is for me is the parking.Never let your customers butt in front of other customers that are waiting in line. Never. Especially when the one that is waiting in line is buying three times more then the guy that butted in front of him.This is probably my favorite bánh mì in the city. You walk in they have a huge TV and they are playing MTV concerts on a Saturday. It's a very small place but they make the best chicken banh mi. I like Ba Le but this blows it out of the water. If you've never had one of these I would consider it a must hitBANH MI THIT NGUOI:  FOUR STARS
I believe Cafe Cuong makes the best banh mi in Philly so far.  I've tried QT's and Ba Le, among other places and haven't quite enjoyed the banh mis much after the fifth or sixth visit.
The boyfriend and I have had the banh mi thit nguoi here and it has been consistently delicious each time.  My boyfriend is even totally tempted to 'buy 10, get 1 free,' the deal that Cafe Cuong offers.
Also, I suggest fellow Yelpers to call ahead and order - that way, you don't have to wait, but more importantly to make sure they're open (as they were closed at random days and times a few months ago).Heard this place had great .ban min, so after brunch my brunch buddy & I searched for it!!!
Simple & small menu, its tiny with couple tables.
I ordered 2 & lady made them to order!!
I ended giving 1/2 to her since she never had one!!
 Yum!!!
Return factor: Absolutely!!
Can't wait- they bread & everything just so much elevated!!!!I first discovered this place in 2007. I've been coming here ever since. I love their Vietnamese chicken hoagie/banh mi ga. It's shredded chicken and they stuff your sandwich with it. Great quality and taste is wonderful.I've been here but never ate anything here, since they don't have a vegetarian banh mi.  Still, the BF likes it here just fine and so do my Viet friends who sometimes drive from New Jersey to get some.  Guess that says something!  I always end up going next door to Café NhuY though, since they do have vegetarian ones.
Once, the boyfriend got some from NhuY and some from Saigon and said that he liked NhuY's better.  But maybe he was trying to humor me so we could just make 1 stop instead of two, although they're right next to each other.As good as it gets for Vietnamese hoagies. The right bread, pate and meats finished with the veggies. No bells and whistles with this sandwich just done right.This place is a no-frills place. I mean, honestly, you're better off with taking your banh mi to go instead of eating it there. There are 2 tables, but one of them is usually taken up by a family friend who's there hanging out. 
If you're going to order anything, definitely order the Banh Mi Dac Biet (deluxe Vietnamese hoagie). Cafe Cuong has the best one in Philly; this statement comes from many Vietnamese friends. I do have to admit that there isn't a strong consistency on the amount of ingredients on a Banh Mi Dac Biet, but I have never questioned the quality of the ingredients. I have also now gone there enough times where the owners recognize me. My Banh Mi Dac Biet is stuffed with meats and veggies. 
And yes, this place is cash only.
PS - Another sign that this place is known for its Banh Mi's. I see many Vietnamese-speaking customers mass order (anywhere from 20-50 of these).I always thought I'd never find a banh mi place in South Philly that would compare/be better than Cafe Saigon in Northeast Philly, which is my OG favorite banh mi place. 
I was definitely proven wrong at Cafe Cuong. It's amazing! I absolutely love it and I think I actually prefer Cafe Cuong over Cafe Saigon [note: I've been going to Cafe Saigon ever since I was a little kid...so over 10+ years!]. 
The storefront itself looks pretty shabby and the workers are pretty terse in responses, but it's because the place itself is just meant to be a quick grab & go type of establishment. So don't be deterred! 
As for the banh mi, the bread, mayo, pate, cold cuts...everything is perfect! I usually get the "banh mi thit nguoi," which has only the pink cold cuts. But if you like cha [the white Vietnamese pork roll cold cut], then order the "banh mi dac biet," which is only $0.50 more.
The only downside to this place is that they don't accept card...so bring cash!!!Cafe Cuong makes awesome Vietnamese hoagies!
The bread is so fresh and crispy! Portions are smaller than what you would get at other places, such as Ba Le. It's not going to stop me from coming here! It's not always about quantity over quality. I would need to eat at least two hoagies to fill myself up. Money well spent. :)
Daily special: Buy 10, get 1 FREE.I've always ordered my banh mi thit nguoi from Cafe Cuong. They always come out with toasty baguettes with the right amount of lunch meat, pate and butter every single time. I always ask for the pickled vegetables and fresh vegetables to be separate since I usually order about 10 sandwiches to bring back to Jersey. My go to banh mi in Philadelphia is definitely Cafe Cuong.I've lived in Philadelphia for six years and honestly, this is the best place for banh mi. I found this place by mistake. Right next door is a tailor/dry cleaner place that i always go to... 
I'll admit that there are off days, but I rarely had that experience with this place. The banh bi here uses the real baguette, not those subway bun POS. The pate is nothing to complain about...I have learned that you have to ask for extra veggie when you're ordering from here or else they will skim on that stuff. 
I love this place and honestly, for a mom and pop shop that's well hidden... you can't beat it's value nor it's price. 
LOVE LOVE LOVE!Tried to go to Nhu Y (not Nhuy as spelled on here), but it was closed so went to this nearby place. Got 3 sandwiches (dac biet and fancy pork). The sandwiches were small and light on fillings. The bread was hard (like it was yesterday's baguettes). The pate was good, but just in one smear in the middle, and there were few pickled carrots/radishes, making the sandwiches dry overall. I've only had worse in MontrealThis is probably my favorite place to get a Vietnamese hoagie ! I normally get the cold cut special with a can of soy bean ! The bread warm, crispy, the pate and meat is !Ended up here instead when I realized that today was Thursday so Nhuy was closed. Even though I always say that the bread is a vessel for the meat, it is a very important vessel.  Here the bread was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside...check.  There were plenty of meat, cucumber, pickled carrots, cilantro, and pepper.  Overall the sandwich tastes good but I definitely have had better.  I'm pretty picky about my banh mi.  Also, there is not a lot of variety here.  Where is the xui mai?Expect great quality tasting banh mi here. Don't expect great customer service. Don't expect your typical American run establishment with a clean environment. Expect this to be a small hole in the wall authentic Vietnam restaurant as if you were in Vietnam itself. The banh mi are delicious.Love this place!! BEST viet hoagies!!!! Been eating their hoagies since I was little...that's over 20 yearsHuge fan of this place for a quick, fresh, cheap, and delicious lunch.  The chicken hoagie is magnificent (tell them to go easy on the butter).  If you like pate, they will gladly put some on the bread for you.  I prefer it the way it comes and love the combination of chicken, jalapenos, and cilantro on french bread.  The coffee is also very good and a nice way to finish lunch.  They only have two tables inside so getting lunch to go is usually the way to do it.Better than saigon cafe. Best hoagie I've ever eaten in my life. Place is traditional and may be best for take out. I'm seriously still thinking about the hoagie I ate. (I had the cold cut special - Dac biet) My aunt came back to visit Philly and she took back 15+ hoagies for her family and friends. She dedicated a carry on suitcase for this.Best Vietnamese hoagies in the area. My family and I have been going here for years. It's $4 per hoagie, it's delicious! Get the classic.when anyone asks me where to get a vietnamese hoagie, i tell them to come here.  
i may not be a vietnamese hoagie expert  (heck, i couldn't even tell you what is in one besides the pate)  but i've had my share of them and cafe cuong is the best i've had. 
Its a small, no frills shop, owned by a really nice couple.  They have one table (but everytime I'm there I feel like the people sitting there are always people they know)  
the hoagies are made to order with baguettes that are fresh and crunchy, and they def don't skimp on the meat.  For a $3.50 sandwich, I couldnt ask for anything better!   You should def check this place out!These banh mi are delicious!  Don't be discouraged when you walk in and see no other customers and only one table.  Just get a chicken banh mi to go, and I promise you won't be sorry.  The bread is fresh, crispy and chewy, lots of cilantro, just the right amount of mayo and marinade on the chicken.  I have to admit that I think the banh mi here are better than at Nhuy, which is just down the street and gets high ratings here on Yelp.  The owners at Cafe Cuong are really friendly, as well.  Overall -- love it!I'm just sitting here waiting for my Hoagies (Banh Mi) and I decided to write a review. I've been going here ever since I was a toddler and it is still bomb dot com. Though it use to be $2 or something but Life. Don't hesitant to come and order yourself some OG goodness. The rules look old AF but the quality is all there. Legit the best Banh mi in Philly.Excellent chicken banh mi. The bread is nice and crusty, the chicken is cooked in house. Lots of crunch from the vegetables and spice from the peppers. The owner is very friendly.The best bahn mi I've had in the city. Bread is perfectly soft fresh with nice crisp. Worth coming back to again and again and again ...Chicken banh  mi....best one in the city. Love this place.Not sure why I didn't know this place existed. Really delicious and crazy inexpensive. We had a chicken hoagie and a shredded pork hoagie. The chicken was absolutely delicious, and the shredded pork was very good. Will need to get back and continue to work through the [short] menu.Def the best Banh Mi place I've ever had and have been coming here for at least 10 years.  Just ordered 20 sandwiches that came with 2 extra free of charge for myself and my family.  I recommend getting the sandwiches to go cause it can feel uncomfortable eating in a little place but their sandwiches are def the best.  Great option for lunch cause they are so cheap and easy to eat.
I usually get the Banh Mi Dac Biet and the Banh Mi with Shredded Pork.  The bread is toasted and crispy as well as soft on the inside.  They give a lot of different slices of meat which is a plus from my experience at other places.  The veges give a great crunch and freshness.  The pate and butter mayonnaise have a rich and creamy texture and ooze out in every bite.  Put that all together and you have a great sandwich.  Same goes for the Shredded Pork.  For me, one isn't enough and I usually end up eating north of 2.  
If your a Banh Mi fan or new to it, I def recommend giving this place a shot.  It might be your new go to spot or at least you can cross it off your list of places to try.  For me, this is the place to beat.My father loves their banh mi here. Their banh mi is good here. My favorite is the chicken banh mi. The only reason why I didn't give them a five star is because I had a couple of bones in my chicken banh mi.One of the best places to get a Banh mi thit nguoi  in Philly.  Everything here is good. Its not commercialized like other places.Im just writing a review to become elite.
Im just writing a review to become elite.
Im just writing a review to become elite.
Im just writing a review to become elite.
Im just writing a review to become elite.
Im just writing a review to become elite.
Im just writing a review to become elite.
one of the best banh mi spots in philly.  one of my close pals recommended me this gem located in south philly. bread was toasted to perfection (i hate toasted bread), meats were fresh and the service was good. can't complain for only $4!This was my first Vietnamese hoagie. The first- of MANY!
$3.75 for an amazing, outrageously tasty hoagie unlike anything you've ever had in the city or outside of it. The crunchy bread, the pickled veggies, the spicy jalas, and the intoxicating, unique mayo spread make this a lunch keeper. 
Cant beat this unimposing yet remarkable little cafe.You know you're eating in a bad Vietnamese establishment, when there is no comfortable seating with clean tables, customer service is nonexistent as the entire staff is in the kitchen squabbling about their sons' MCAT scores, and the banh mi is poorly thrown together, with the greens carelessly topped on a stale, crumbly baguette with dry white chicken.Cafe Cuong is the BEST Banh Mi place in town HANDS DOWN. My family has been buying their Banh Mi Thit Nguoi for many years, and even though we try other places here and there, they all pale in comparison. The pate and homemade mayo is creamy, rich, and the ratio is perfect. The bread is always fresh and with a crisp crust, and the owners are super nice.As far as bánh mì in Philly goes, this is as good as it gets!  While I have had better in other states, you would be hard-pressed to find better in the greater Philadelphia area.  I especially love that the roll itself isn't the crusty kind that falls apart & leaves a mess everywhere (like they use at Ba Le & several other places).  The street parking is sometimes a problem, but if you can deal with the occasional looping around the block to find a parking spot, then definitely go here for some tasty, authentic bánh mì!
Their current hours of operations are Tuesday - Sunday, 7:30 AM - 5:00 PM (closed Mondays).It IS the best banh mi in the city! Not a fancy place. They don't have BBQ pork or anything like that. Only the basics: cold cut ham, cured pork, combo, chicken. But their ingredients are top notch. You can actually taste the pate and  mayonnaise spread but they don't overwhelm the meat. The bread is toasted just right - some places over toast them and they're like rocks when you take your first bite. The price is $4.50  & $5.00 now. Banh mi everywhere used to be $3.50-$3.75 but they got popular these past couple of years so hence the price increase, everywhere. Still cheaper and healthier compared to a lot of sandwich options out there. You won't be disappointed with this place. Just know that it's nothing fancy and is authentic Vietnamese so don't expect to be treated like you're in a Stephen Starr restaurant.In my opinion this is the best place to get you Banh mi fix in Philly. Ba Le and cafe nhu quynh can't compare to the deliciousness found here. My go to is the Banh mi dat biet. If I'm feeling hangry I would get the flan too.This is the banh mi I grew up eating for the past 10 years.
They also have a daily special which is buy 10, get 1 free.
Everything about the banh mi here is just so perfect, from the bread to the pate.
NOTE: They are closed on Mondays.Best chicken Banh Mi in Bella Vista. You can always catch a soccer match. Champions League is always on.  The coffee is good, hot or cold.Best banh mi in Philly. This place is closed every Monday. Other than that very nice staff and very good Vietnamese hoagies.Best place for banh mi in philly love the dac biet and the chicken is awesome as well!!Small local cafe that sells the best vietnamese hoagies.  Natives' favorites for hoagiesI have be coming here to this small family owned Vietnamese hoagie shop for over 25yrs. Even when I live out of state, I make it point to buy a week supply. Of course they sell other Vietnamese food item, and prices have change over the years, but I will always come back for the Vietnamese Hoagies!I've lived in this city for over 2 decades so believe me when I say I have tried many, many sandwiches during that time-- but Cafe Cuong's chicken banh mi is my favorite sandwich in Philadelphia!!! The bread is crispy, the blend of flavors is absolutely perfect, and the chicken is delicious. The bbq pork is also very good. 
Also the staff here are so nice and the service is quick. It's just the best.Amazing chicken banh mi.  The restaurant interior isn't great and that's the only reason for the 4 starsI've been coming here since I was a child and I do not like the classic banh mi from anywhere else! To explain how much I love this place, let me just say that when I visited Vietnam and came back home, I still liked Cafe Cuong's the most!
This is a small, little hole in the wall with two tables. However, most people just order takeout. The family is really nice and friendly, and makes everything themselves. Just keep in mind that this place is cash only! One banh mi will not set you back any more than $5, but prices over the last 15 years have nearly doubled like everything else LOLBest banh mi spot in philly. It has a gourmet and authentic taste. The bread is soft yet crispy, not too much inside dough either. I usually get the banh mi Ga(chicken) or Pate cha lua. You can also request for more butter on your banh mi . Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!As someone who rarely floats around near the city, I was craving some good bahn mi's so hit up another Elite(Hi Nick!) for recommendations. He told me about Cafe Cuong and told me to meet him in the city. For someone from the burbs, street parking gives me anxiety but after I found a spot, it was all good from that point forward. Walking in, it is a small family owned establishment that were extremely friendly. Beware this is a cash only establishment, so bring some green with you. We got one of each bahn mi, combination, pork and shredded chicken to share between 3 people. As we were trying to awkwardly maneuver for our yelp photos, the owner came over with gloves and helped us stage the food. I really enjoyed the pork and combination bahn mi. Chicken was a little dry and would probably skip next time. You can tell everything is made from scratch and with love. Easy to see why it is one of the top places for bahn mi.I've been on this banh mi kick lately, having tried 3 different kinds in the span of a few hours.
Their banh mi dac biet is decent. Decent meat, veggies, and pate. The pate did become overwheming after a few bites though. The bread was tasty and fresh.
Legit hole-in-the-wall, no frills, banh mi-only place. There are only 2 tables here, and it's cash only. They did have the football game on, though. No BBQ-anything banh mi for those that only eat that.My favorite place for Vietnamese hoagies! And the owners here are super nice.
There are a few different types of haogies you can get or you can get the spread and meat individually and make them yourself at home!
And if you buy 10 you get 1 free.
Oh, there is also a cat walking around some times.Best banh mi in Philly! I've been coming here since I was little, almost 15 years. Chicken is my favorite but I also like the Bi and Thit NguoiMy family and I love coming here for Vietnamese hoagies! 
It's a great shop around my area and they're always open early enough that I can grab a hoagie and make it to work on time. The employees and owners are really nice.
The hoagies are always great and filled with a lot of everything. They never disappoint and if you buy ten, then you get one free! Stock up ;) !This is a small local Vietnamese shop serving a few bahn mi options. I ordered the chicken bahn mi. I thought it was very good. The bread was crunchy on the outside and soft inside. The chicken was juicy and tender. And the condiments were well balanced with an intelligent amount of mayo to add savor without dominating the sandwich.Banh Mi Dac Biet.
That's all you really need to know. 
Oh, and maybe Cafe Sua Da.
;) 
(Been coming to Cafe Cuong for years. Years as in since I was a wee little girl. Definitely one of the best banh mi's I've ever had.)3.5.
Being the pig that I am, I originally had a craving for Vietnamese sandwiches and decided to go to Nhu Y since there were more reviews. While walking there, I saw Cafe Cuong and couldn't help myself but to grab one here also. I thought I might as well do a comparison since they are across the street from each other :) Again, this place disappointed me but not as much as Nhu Y. The bread was fresher though still not like home. The pickled daikon and carrots were much bigger, giving the sandwich more texture and crunch. However, it again wasn't pickled! I liked the pate and meat here better also since it wasn't as salty. The Thit Nguoi sandwich is $3.25, while you can get the Thit Nguoi Dac Biet (includes Cha Lua), for $3.75. So in comparison to Nhu Y, it is definitely pricier. Overall, I think I'd have to choose Cafe Cuong over Nhu Y. I will probably make my way a little further towards Washington Ave to get my Vietnamese Sandwich fix. Report back later!Nice small little shop.  I always come here for Vietnamese hoagies.  Best tasting.  Worth my 30 miles drive.$5 for a fantastic banh mi is such a steal. I just came to this place for the first time last weekend and will for sure be returning. Usually I exclusively go to QT in Chinatown for banh mi but this place is officially in my rotation. 
I believe the sandwiches here top out at $6. I got the banh mi thit nguoi ($5): the bread here is perfectly crusty and the patê smear is sooo good. I bought one and took it with me to lunch on Monday and forgot to take a picture so you'll have to take my word for it. Next time I plan on getting the dac biet because I believe it comes with pork and more meat in general. The family that runs this place is super friendly and can answer any questions you have about the menu. Be sure to stop by if you're in the mood for a great viet sandwich!If I could give this place zero starts I would. I walked into this establishment and the first thing I see are newspapers over the table with bones of chicken, soup puddles and bowls everywhere. Flies were all over the place. Behind the counter there was the "chef" standing there. He was staring at me. I asked if they were open and he said yes. I asked for 2 Bahn mi sandwiches. After he rubbed his watery nose he dug his hands into a pile of cooked chicken. Dumbfounded I just stared at him.
He then grabbed 2 rolls of bread and (bare hands) put it in the oven. He rubbed his nose again. After a few minutes he took the bread out the oven and rubbed his nose again and began stuffing with vegetables.
I walked out. Will never order from there. I'm glad I walked in and saw this rather than order delivery.Cafe Cuong has the best Vietnamese hoagies in Philly! I personally love the chicken banh mi here. The marinated, shredded chicken goes so well with the Vietnamese mayo, toasted baguette and pickled veggies. I've also had their regular and deluxe hoagies and both are great as well. I try to avoid buying Vietnamese hoagies anywhere else because whenever I go somewhere else it just does not compare to this place!The best Bahn Mi! The bread is crusty, ingredients pop with flavor and the price is great. I absolutely recommend the deluxe hoagie!Banh mi here is very traditional and tastes great.  The place itself can feel weird because you think you're barging into someone's house.I've had some of their banh mi sandwiches a few times now, and I think this is now my go to spot for Banh Mi sandwiches. I normally get Banh Mi Dac Biet (Specialty), but they happened to have the last BBQ Pork this time around so I had to try it. I was impressed with the BBQ Pork. The baguette for the sandwich is amazing with a nice crunch texture. The meat they use is very juicy but not fattening. I also got their Ca Fe Sua Da (Vietnamese Iced Coffee with Milk), and it was smooth yet strong. This is probably the best place yet so far in Philly for their Vietnamese iced coffee that I have tried. 
If you guys want to try this place, definitely call in ahead first and make sure they still have baguette because there has been times where I came later in the afternoon, and they were all sold out (which only shows how great their baguette and sandwiches are!)Okay I'm coming here more often. 
I came in around 8:30. There were already people there sipping their coffees. The owners were already busy roasting bread and making their bahn mis. 
I got an iced coffee with milk and a chicken bahn mi. Wow. What a breakfast of champions. The coffee is smooth with a spoonful of the condensed milk at the bottom giving it an overall caramel taste. The chicken bahn mi has tasty chicken that's not dry at all and filled to the brim with the regular veggies. 
Definitely a go to place that I'm going to go to more often.Small family owned cafe. Traditional and delicious banh mi. The pate on the banh mi is delicious. The bread is fresh and crispy.
Don't be alarmed if you see a cat walking around inside the store.The chicken banh mi is great. The price is cheap too. If you wanna try vietnamese authentic banh mi, this place is a must try. It's hard to find a parking and it's a take out restaurant. They also have Vietnamese coffee. Which is great.This is by far the best banh mi I've had in Philly. I always get the deluxe cold cut & my partner gets the bbq pork. All of the ingredients are super fresh, and you can also purchase the ingredients if you want!
The Vietnamese iced coffee is also top notch. I've went to a lot of Vietnamese cafes, and this place does it best. Not too sweet, not too bitter. 
Make sure to have cash on hand!My absolute favorite banh mi. The bread is on another level, and everything else is made with such attention and care. Don't let the exterior fool you.I was in the mood for a Banh Mi and since this was closer to where I was than QT's, I decided to give this place a try. I am glad I did because they make a GOOD banh mi!! It is cheaper than QT's and easier to find parking in this area. Unfortunately it isn't centrally located in Chinatown, but it was well worth the trip! It also tasted great even later for leftovers! The man who helped me was also super nice! They have a few tables to sit and eat, and it's not fancy, but you can sit there and enjoy your sandwich if you like.Mr. Dave H. Gave me a mini trip to Philly before I went to work.
Little tiny cafe place with an old couple cutting veggies attended us.
We ordered 2 Regular Vietnamese sandwich (EXPECT ABOUT 10 MINUTES TO GET READY).
I watched the entire process of how they do it:
1) Warm up the Baguette
2) Spread their special Cream inside the Baguette
3) Puts layers and LAYERS of Meat in it (Not just one or two layers, MANY LAYERS!)
4) Puts Jalapenos, Cucumbers and Cilantro at the end.
Wraps around with a layer of Paper and hands in to us.
For $ 3.25 you can get a pretty filling sandwich!.Cafe Cuong turns out a mean Vietnamese sandwich.
I discovered Cafe Cuong through Viviane T. and other friends. They're off the beaten path, and quite possibly the smallest sandwichery ever. Come here for take out, not to sit.
My friend and I shared a regular Vietnamese sandwich (banh mi thit nguoi) for a reasonable $3.25 (cash only, last I checked). In addition, we had a deluxe (banh mi dac biet), for $3.75. The banh mi's bread was nicely toasted, crisp and yielding. Biting into it, I found the mayo a bit of a surprise. The cook wasn't stingy with meat, and we had a healthy amount of pickled carrots, cucumber, and cilantro (my favorite) packed in - if only there were more peppers in my sandwich!
It's easy to take down two or three sandwiches in a sitting, so take advantage of Cafe Cuong's "buy 10, get 1 free" deal.
I left full and happy, with phantom banh mi dancing above my head for hours.Café Cuong is so underrated. It's been around for years and years. I prefer Café Cuong to Ba Le because the owners are friendly and their banh mis are incredibly cheap and delicious. I love that there is never a line. Not that it matters because we always call ahead and they are super quick. They're a cash only establishment, so be sure to have cash on hand!Driving out of the city I was lucky to find a parking spot near the cafe. Parking is impossible in South Philly on the weekends. The store owner was very friendly. No menu posted it I knew what I wanted. I ordered the ham and pork roll. 30 secs later my sandwich was ready. after 30 min commute to the grocery store -20 min in the grocery store and then home. Bahn Mi was still fresh and bread crusty on the outside.veggies were fresh with cilantro,cucumbers, and radish pickles, little Mayo. Couple of slices of jalapeño. Delicious- so far the best in Philly! 4 stars as I would like a bit more meat slices as the ends did not have meat in the bite. Def going back.BEST BANH MI IN THE MOTHEREFFIN WORLD! I am an avid banh mi eater and this is *the* place. Ba Le is good too, but they overprice and their meat is a bit too fatty for my taste. I am telling you this Banh Mi cafe will not disappoint. 11/10I've had many friends tell me about this small banh mi spot and recommended I try their famous chicken banh mi. The chicken was not what I expected, it was shredded. I don't really like my meats shredded because they tend to be soggy but OMG It wasn't soggy nor dry... it was perfect... It had all the normal banh mi toppings but my favorite has got to be the scallion oil! Who would've thought something so small can be so big. Anyways, I'll def be back for their banh Mi but ask for extra scallion oil this time, I just love it. 
I took off one star because their banh mi thit nuoi was too dry, don't skimp on the pate and butterFirst timer i tried several of the different sandwiches the chicken was my favorite it was a small cafe but the customer service prices and vibe was amazing !!