Unfortunately I am unable to provide many encouraging words for Cafe V. We ordered breakfast - around 10am - and were not provided said "breakfast" until after 1:00pm. Grub Hub was quite helpful and very apologetic. After reading many reviews I am now realizing that we should have expected poor service. The food was delightful... but I am not willing to make an order three hours ahead of time.I was recently there for breakfast as soon as we walked in I sat down the waitress came over she took my order and I  actually waited a good 45 minutes for my food to come out (can't believe I actually waited) And everybody in the restaurant looked  irritated because I'm guessing everybody's food was taking forever! But anyway I mean the food is actually good but the service was horrible... Bottom line is I would not be going back there ever again...We came here for brunch not knowing what to expect on a Tuesday, but we were really pleased with everything. The breakfast burrito was scrumptious, eggs done just the way we asked for them, and the crabby wrap was a real winner with fresh crab and we ordered a croissant instead of the bread which they happily brought and was scrumptious. Then we went on to lemon blueberry ricotta pancakes. Yum! 
Pleasant Vibe nice and bright and just a lovely place generally speaking. Will definitely come backI really wanted to like this place, it looks nice and everything, but unfortunately I ordered the smoked salmon platter... $14... And when I got home I discovered they forgot my bagel. So I had basically just paid $14 for a few slices of salmon, some cream cheese, and lettuce. I was so disappointed and it was too far of a walk to go back. Not cool.Cafe V is a great brunch spot, but be ready to eat.  I ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes and they were amazing. Even though you would consider them "light and fluffy" it was enough for two though. Very clean interior and the wait staff is friendly.The group of 6 I was with went at a relatively quiet time for some breakfast. We waited for a full hour before we got our food, and the staff there hardly paid any attention to us. When the food finally did come out, they only brought out 5 plates. My order had been lost, and they did not apologize or attempt to make it up to us. Lousy service, not worth going to until they get their act together.I walk past every day from the subway on my way to work, and decided to stop in. Paid $13 for a pumpkin spice latte, a yogurt parfait and a muffin.
This pumpkin spice latte is AMAZING! The perfect temperature, and fresh, not like other cheap artificial-tasting lattes elsewhere. The interior is new and modern and the ladies working were polite and helpful. Definitely a treat I'll be looking forward to!I was really excited to see this place open on South Street. Aside from Ms. Tootsies, the block between 13th and Broad is completely dead. Finally some life. The atmosphere is great. Staff is very friendly. I'm not a coffee drinker, but the tea selection is fantastic. Plenty of seating, clean, cool/hip new interior. I only wish they were open a bit later at night. I am eager to try their food as they have a huge selection of wraps, sandwiches and pastries that sound great.
The one complaint is that around the after school hours there are tons of skateboarding punks on the sidewalk and grinding rails right outside the window. I had to stop studying and go elsewhere because the skateboarders were so loud. I know this was not inside the cafe, but I hope the owner can find a way to keep the neighborhood punks off her property.I have been searching for the perfect Coffee Shop in the neighborhood, and as much as I love LaVa, the 7 block trek to Cafe V is now a regular one I will make!
A friend suggested that we go here to study one day and I am extremely glad I took her up on the offer. The cup of hot chocolate is exactly what I want it to taste like every time I order some, or make my own. The sandwiches are great, and the owner is always there to help you make the tricky decisions, on dessert! Which are baked fresh on premise, and I have not yet been dissapointed! I am so glad that Cafe V is new to the neighborhood, I hope their following picks up quickly. Perfect place to study or have lunch!What a wonderful place to eat. V - the owner - is probably one of the warmest restaurant owners I have ever met. The food was delicious. I (very picky eater) couldn't decide on what to eat because there were so many delicious options - just for brunch! I can't even imagine what glorious treats will be there for dinner. If you're looking for a casual place to enjoy a relaxing, honest to goodness meal give this place a try. The hospitality alone is enough reason to stop by. Available on Grubhub, but the ambiance of this place trumps any eat at home dinner.Generous & kind owner who genuinely appreciate feedback-- food is great, coffee is smooth & strong.   Excited to have this cafe in the neighborhood!Don't bother ordering from this place unless you feel like taking a gamble on your food. the food itself is usually very good and the delivery driver is always nice. I've ordered here fairly regularly and Its more likely my order is either completely wrong or something is missing. The first time it happened I called but didn't bother having them bring out a corrected order because I'm just not that patient. The next several times I didn't even bother to call because again not that patient and its just food. HOWEVER, after my experience today with the wrong food showing up, followed by a corrected version that was still wrong followed by a phone conversation with a manager who doesn't know the first thing bout customer service, I'm over it. This idiot is the reason I will never order from this place again and the reason I created a yelp account to write my first bad review I ever taken the time to write IN MY LIFE.  She actually attempted to scold me for giving half of the sand which that was wrong to my dog.  Yes, I took a bite in hopes of liking it enough to just deal with it rather then wait another hour for the right food.  I didn't like it, therefore it went to my dog...what are you going to do with it lady? Sell it to someone else? YOU screwed up, not me....that's the price you pay in the service industry when you don't seem to care what shows up in someone's order. I also, let her know I've seen so many reviews on how terrible their service is and she said, oh well, I have happy reviews too.....you stupid woman, I would've dropped it if she had just been apologetic and accommodating because at the end of the day it's a food order, but this woman was nothing but defensive and argumentative and should really get a job behind a desk where people don't have to deal with someone who clearly has zero people skills or just doesn't care.  If you read plenty of other reviews the same complaints are made about the manager with an attitude. Hopefully this woman gets fired so I could justify ordering from this place again....Unfortunately they forgot to put our order into the kitchen. I have to assume because they wouldn't give us any indication of why it was taking 30min to get our breakfast. We came late Sunday morning when the place was half full. Food was good but I have a feeling that they didn't have a manager when we were there to make sure things were running smoother.Could be 4-5 stars, I came here on a Saturday late morning. It was my second visit in two months. The first time we came here, we found the place to be in a very convenient location. I had the turkey sandwich with Brie cheese and pears. It was very very delicious. I think they were attentive, but I was talking a lot so I didn't notice how long we had waited for brunch. 
We decided to return for brunch on another occasion because they have delicious, reasonably priced food. I ordered the same sandwich during our second visit I, because it was so good. This time around, they took some time to bring our food to us, despite the cafe not being very crowded. It was just me, my boyfriend, and one other customer. I definitely noticed how long they took, because I was really hungry by the end. When we finally got our sandwich, it was as good as expected - but it took some time to get there. 
In short: Very clean place, attentive staff, and great food.Bottomline: The food is good however the service is terrible. The owner/manager is great and really friendly, however the service staff is young and inexperienced. We've ordered espressos many times and anything made by the service staff is disappointing whereas when made by the Manager/Owner, it's great. My most recent experience was really awful - I ordered a turkey hoagie for takeout and I came to pick it up (was quoted over the phone for 10-15 minutes) and waited 25 minutes before I asked the waitress to check with the kitchen. After they checked with the kitchen, they advised me that their system screwed up and the order never got to the kitchen. They refunded my money, however set me back 45 minutes and I left without any food. This was a waste of my time and could have been prevented by having more communication between the service staff and the kitchen. These inconsistent experiences prompted me to write this review in order to make others aware. You may get a great experience (if served by the Owner/Manager) however experiences lead me to conclude that it'll be a bad experience. There are a lot of restaurants nearby that I would go to rather than trying Cafe V again. My suggestion is to hire more experienced service staff.I am currently addicted to the tropical berry smoothie. Banana, mango and berries w soymilk. I can't get enough. I have not tried anything else from this place, but I like that they offer some vegan items.Is it possible to leave less than a star? Service was unbelievable awful. Only 2 other tables in the place. 1 was waiting to pay and my and another table couldn't get the attention of either sever who were gabbing away on different phone calls. This is not a catering service-it's a cafe (as evidenced by the name CAFE V) you pay attention to the customers NOT you buds on lines 1 & 2! This city has too many alternatives to patron for me to give this place another try.Over an hour for a chicken salad. If they are even a couple people sitting down, expect a long wait. ALSO, you will see the chef out walking around when clearly there is work to be done. But the food is good, and the owner is very nice, she will treat you well.Cafe V is great,
The owner Victoria is always on hand to explain the great treats to be had.  Great smoothies and salads, stop by each day to see what new great stuff they have baked up.  I enjoy stopping bye and grapping something and going.I visited Café V today for lunch. I was a bit tired and wanted to get away from the office. So when the waitress asked if I wanted to dine in, I said yes. She was super kind and pleasant; however, it would have been good service for either the manager/owner or waitress to have let me know they were backed up with supposedly delivery/call in orders. I was on my hour lunch. The place wasn't busy yet it took between 30 to 40 minutes for a simple turkey sandwich and Potatoe & Leek Soup. 
After about 20 minutes, the waitress apologized for the lateness and said my order would be right out. It took another 5 minutes or so and I finally told her to wrap it for me to go. I truly was tired and not in my right mind or extremely hungry because I should have walked out but I paid for the meal. The waitress apologized again...I forgot to mention that while all this was going on either the owner or manager had come out of the back and stood talking for 15-20 of those minutes with a couple who she appeared to know. She never even acknowledged me or the situation probably because she was so busy chatting it up. Like I said, it wasn't crowed so it's unlikely that she wouldn't have picked up on the situation. Don't get me wrong, it's cool to chat with the customers but it is also good to be aware of what's going on around you...anyway, by the time I received my meal it was about 2:20 pm and I had to be back to work by 2:40p.m., gave me about 10 minutes to make it back to work so I could wolf down part of my food. I was pretty pissed and before I left I had already made up my mind not to visit the establishment again.
I told two co-workers about my experience. One said the same thing happened to her before.Ordered a meal from Seamless which did not arrive. Called Cafe V to make sure they had my order and see if it was out for delivery. The person I spoke with (a male) first immediately put me on hold, and then seemed annoyed that I called, told me food has been sitting for 45 minutes with no pick up from seamless. When I said it would have been nice of them to reach out and let me know, they told me they were too busy with other orders. I will help with that because they now have one less customer. No apologies whatsoever. Mistakes happen and it would have been fine if they had been polite. My suggestion is to learn some customer service skills.I came here a long time ago, but I remember the food was just okay. The potatoes were kind of hard and a little bland. I think my tofu scramble was also kind of bland. It's pretty cute, though! Probably not cute enough to make up for the underwhelming food, but it was all right.Have you every experienced a cafe that feels like a doctor's office? If not, I recommend this place. To me, 75% of the experience in a cafe is the decor and ambiance. Now, the genius designers here have created a sterile, strangely lit, horribly musak-filled space devoid of soul. 
As far as the food and drink, it doesn't really matter too much to me. But, the juice I had was good.Would not recommend or go back. Overpriced and disappointing. I ordered the "cleanse" fresh pressed juice but got something completely different. The place was empty but it still took nearly 15 minutes. When I finally got my juice it was separated and I couldn't taste anything but cayenne pepper, which wasn't even listed as one of the ingredients.I had coffee and dessert here once before, and it was excellent.  Today I had the beet salad and lychee black tea.  The tea was good, and the salad was huge and delicious.  Everything looks good, and I look forward to trying more!  I wish I could get breakfast here on the weekdays.I've never had a bad meal here - the food is definitely above average. The service is always friendly, but sometimes a little slow. Good cookies too.Victoria and Beda made my day! Beda suggested the B.E.C. Bacon egg and cheese and a Vanilla Chai tea that was amazing. From the warm soft Kaiser roll to the fluffy scrambled egg and the beautiful Applewood smoked bacon and I thoroughly enjoyed the well balance not too sweet and NOT scolding hot Vanilla Chai tea. I've been going to the barber shop down the block for years and am disappointed I've never been to Cafe V. Need to kill sometime over some quality and well priced food??? Go here!!!What really set me off about this place was my most recent experience. I placed an order (lox platter) over the phone and they said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. I arrived 20 minutes after I placed the order and the person at the counter (who I'm going to assume was the manager) said it wasn't put through. I told her it wasn't a big deal and not to worry about it if it wasn't put through. She said, "so you don't want it?" with a bit of attitude and I said "no thanks, it's fine." She then rolled her eyes at me and said she would check downstairs. Apparently, my food was being prepared.
When I finally got my food, I took it home and found my bagel extremely soggy. I think my food was never processed and they rushed it when I arrived. I'm sure they just put my bagel in the microwave, tossed my food in the container and called it a day. 
Overall, the meal was good - even the soggy bagel. I can't complain about the portion size but I did find it a bit pricey.I live right around the corner from here and I have stopped in a few times for various items. Their PT Coffee is always fresh and delicious! I have gotten a few of their specialty drinks and have yet to be disappointed. I've also gotten just a plain coffee, this was a bit too strong for my liking but still good nonetheless. 
I have gotten a few muffins from here as well, always moist and delicious! Recently I tried their dumpling soup. WOW! First of all you can SEE every ingredient from the large string beans, to the healthy amount of chicken, carrots, beans, and even cracked pepper. It then is served with a dumpling that is the perfect size to have a bite of it in every bite and not have time to get soggy. I will be coming back for this for sure! 
The atmosphere is warming, the owner will personally introduce herself to you and you can tell she is passionate about what she has created. The other workers always have a helpful hat on and are patient with you when you are trying to decide what to order (as everything sounds amazing!) They also deliver your meal to the table for you, which is nice. There is music playing that is somewhat loud so if you have work to do (which the set up is conducive and inviting for you to stay awhile and get some work done) bring headphones. 
The best part about this place: NO CREDIT CARD MINIMUM!!! I hate going to coffee shops, realizing I don't have cash then not being able to get something because there is a $5 or $10 minimum and my coffee is only $4. Or worst, ordering a muffin or something small to meet the minimum and having it taste horrible. 
Also, I have not been here on any of these nights but as I walk by I notice live bands in there sometimes at night. I wish they advertised the nights that this occurs better as I would definitely plan on stopping in one night to check it out.I should have read all the negative reviews before attempting to eat at this place.  It is one of the worst places to grab lunch in Philadelphia.  The service was horrendous, the order was never put the system, and once we finally got the meal after 50 minutes of waiting, it was not what we ordered... We were just so tired of waiting and annoyed that I didn't want to bother to ask for the sandwich I actually ordered.  During the wait we saw a table of four just leave because they were just tired of waiting, bills screwed up, employees bickering in front of customers and staff clueless as to what they should be doing.  One customer was waiting 40 minutes for a sandwich she ordered to go.  There were 6-7 employees looking like they had no idea how to do their jobs.  All we got was a sorry for a sorry excuse for a dining experience.  Perhaps everyone was hungover after a wild New Years night...Umm... I'm confused where the high ratings are coming from. Do people know there are other breakfast places in the area? So anyways, we were in the area and we stopped by. It's a cute place with flowers on the table but that's where it ends. they seemed to be very understaffed so it took about 15 minutes for our waitress to come greet us. We ordered lemon ricotta pancakes, a salmon omelette and a fruit bowl. The pancakes tasted like chemicals and very dry. The omelette was missing all the ingredients inside of it besides the salmon (no sour cream or dill) and the fruit bowl tasted like onions.. I'm very confused by this place. Also the coffee was weak and not good. And flies everywhere. Yuck. Go somewhere else.This review is for delivery: I wish I could actually give ZERO stars for this place! We ordered breakfast from here on foodler. It took them ONE HOUR and FORTY-FIVE MINUTES to deliver our food to us. I called them about an hour after we placed the order and the woman said it should have been delivered "A WHILE AGO," so she would call me back to check on the driver. We called a few more times and got different answers--it was very obvious that they were lying to us. If they would have just admitted their mistake(s), we would have been fine waiting instead of all the lies. 
When we got the food it was was sub-par at best. The pancakes were rubbery and the syrup was terrible. They also used some weird tasting artificial butter. They also did NOT listen to our instructions to NOT put chocolate chips in the pancakes. We also got the salmon omelet, which was overwhelmingly covered in cream cheese. This experience ruined brunch for us that day. 
We will not be ordering from here again.DO NOT order from Cafe V. We ordered 3 meals and two drinks. We didn't receive the drinks and two of the meals were incorrect. When we called to resolve the issue we were told we had to return the sandwich before we would receive the replacement. After explaining how ridiculous it would be to send the drinks and the sandwich separately, they agreed. When the driver returned he asked for the old sandwich. Apparently since we didn't wrap up the part of the sandwich with a bite out of it they are going to charge us for half a sandwich. How petty. They made an error, didn't apologize and now they are charging for half a sandwich. I never write reviews and wasn't planning on it. I hope the half sandwich charge was worth the bad review!Our order arrived 30min late, cold and wrong. I ordered the Hungry Man Special Plater and a soda. The order showed up missing the french toast and the soda. My girlfriends order was missing the toast and potatoes.The only cafe I know of in Philadelphia that does a cappuccino togo properly, in a 6oz cup. They also carry fresh PT coffee beans. Both times I've been there, they were not more than a few days old. In other coffee shops they are usually anywhere from 7-10days old if not worst. The coffee shop owner is also super sweet and friendly. 
------------------ edited
They've changed the beans they offer and these are not as good. Also, they're ordering beans less frequently so what's on the shelf is getting older. The food is probably sub par for what you're paying, but I don't usually go to cafes for the food. They were great the first couple of months they opened, but it's not the kind of place you go out of your way for.My roommate and I ordered delivery from here the other day. We live right around the corner, and it took about 55 minutes for our breakfast order to come. I almost called back to make sure they didn't lose the order. We had a breakfast burrito, a bacon egg and cheese sandwich, a side of potatoes, and an orange juice and it was almost $30. I was shocked! The food was average. With the high price, the long wait, and so many other great local breakfast places, I probably wouldn't order again. Maybe a dine in experience would be better?Ordered from here on Seamless, under the impression the food would arrive within an hour. Delivery took approximately 2.5 hours. By the time it arrived, my juice was at room temperature, my burrito sandwich was soggy. If I'm going to wait that long for food, it better be worth the wait. In this case, not so much. The cherry on top of a horrid experience was finding egg shell pieces in my sandwich. Note to 'management': "Sorry" doesn't make up for a lousy wait time for lousy food. First and last time I'll be ordering from this place.Just a brief review of the decent baked bread and cookies.
Baked Bread - excellent
 Choc Chip Cookie - decent, above average.
Seemed like a nice space, have to come back for coffee, etc...My husband and I went to Cafe V on Sunday afternoon for brunch. We sat at a nice table outside and had the French Toast Sandwich (filled with peanut butter, bananas, and bacon) YUM and the Florentine Eggs Benedict. The food and coffee were delicious and our server was awesome. We can't wait to go back to Cafe V!We have brunch at  Cafe V a few times a month and have never been disappointed.  The staff has always been courteous and the food is delicious.  I would particularly recommend the strawberry shortcake pancakes if you happen to have a craving for sweets.  Additionally, the coffee (either hot or iced) is some of the best that I've had in the city.We ordered on Uber eats and two orders were forgotten! The food the came was very bland and overlooked.Truly a bad experience. Not only did it take well over an hour to get our food, one of the people in my party didn't even get his food. On top of that the food wasn't even that good. Waste of time and money. The staff was barely attentive and unapologetic. If you are planning to eat you should go somewhere else.Fantastic. Stumbled on this real gem while walking around the neighborhood. My gluten-free breakfast was amazing and the owner and waitress could not have been more accommodating to my dietary needs. Only wish I had taken a photo before devouring the banana pancakes topped with fresh fruit because  the portion was generous and presentation beautiful. I will be back!!My latte was great but the food was terrible. 
I ordered eggs sunny-side up and french toast, but got under-cooked scrambled eggs and pancakes. The waiter realized her mistake yet she still charged us extra to remake the food. I could even hear her attempt to quietly talk about messing up my order with the other workers, which made me feel more uncomfortable. 
The steak had NO flavor, potatoes were plain, and I think my one slice of ham was prepackaged and microwaved. Presentation was awful too. I had high expectations for Cafe V considering the high prices and the nice decor, but I left unsatisfied and full from regret.This is a great modern space for lunch/dinner or just having coffee.  I stopped in when it just opened and they had some local UArts students performing which added to the great vibe this place already has.  I've only had coffee and some of the pastries (which have been great) but the menu looks like it has some tasty selections, so I am looking forward to going back.Do not order delivery from here. Just don't. They cannot handle delivery orders. 
Also, the food was mediocre, especially considering the cost. The coffee was undrinkable (which was the reason I chose this place). Furthermore, the delivery took over an hour for a place that is a 10 minute walk away. Lastly, they never included a third of the order and said they'd drop off a refund (since I paid cash) but never did. Four days and two calls later, still no refund or apology.
UPDATE: After my review was posted, the owner used yelp names Gary S. and Truth H. to give herself positive feedback.  They were also used to harass me and other yelp reviewers for our negative feedback.   Do you really want these people handling your food?Using seamless, I ordered from this place twice. Food is good. No complaints there. On my second time I order and have the food delivered to my hotel.  An hour passes and I still don't have food. I call and apparently my food was delivered without comment/ or name to the front desk. So the food sat for 20 mins and got cold.  Upon opening, no syrup for the French toast.... Cold and bland, useless meal. Great start to the day. To be fair my first order went without incident.  Do better y'all. I would have been ordering daily, but I can't afford to waste time and money like that. Next...I had only ever been here for brunch and they recently opened up for dinner and I'm so glad I came. It was so good! The menu is small which is great because I have a hard time choosing when menus are too long. I had a brown butter ribeye steak and it was so great! My waitress was lovely, and it was quaint, comfortable. 12/10 would recommendI love the eggplant panini and strawberry banana smoothie, a must buy!
It's the best sandwich I've tasted in the city thus far and I've been to my fair share of cafés. 
My sandwich consisted of fried eggplant, goat cheese, balsamic vinegar and avocado. 
They deliver with in two miles, the staff is friendly, I would definitely come again! Recommended.When I came in everyone was very warm and welcome. It was a nice bonus to an amazing smoothy. The smoothy that I wanted wasn't on the menu, but they were able to make what I requested with no hesitation. This is definitely a place you should come visit!Went here for a Saturday morning brunch before a day out. Waitress spilled ice water on me and didn't even apologize. She said I was lucky it didn't totally soak me, but I had a soaked sleeve and wet behind. Great when it's 30 degrees outside. I'm not a person to make a big deal about things, but they just brushed it off and made no attempts to make things right. Service was also slow on a not so busy day. Food was decent. 
There are better brunch places in the area with better customer service (hawthornes, mixto, devils den). Save your timeI really love the bread at Cafe V. I had a hoagie there once with prosciutto, mozzarella, roasted peppers, oil, and the BEST bread ever! It was soft and sweet...perfect with the roasted peppers. 
And Victoria, the owner, is my favorite! She always has something to smile about! And the place is beautiful! Very cool and welcoming! Perfect place to relax with a hot cup or coffee or tea and get some work done.Ordered delivery from here. The delivery was 30 minutes late and when the driver finally got here, he only had half of my order. The half that actually was delivered was mediocre. I don't recommend this restaurant.I had an awful delivery experience here. It took almost 2 hours for the food to arrive. The "cleanse" green juice I ordered had other ingredients that was not listed (carrot). I do not like carrot juice and my juice was more of a smoothie, which tells me it's not in fact a juice but a smoothie. That's NOT what I ordered. Not only did I not drink the juice but I threw out the food as well. I asked for poached eggs and the yolks were completely hardened. I might as well ordered a hard boiled egg. The potatoes tasted a day old too. They were soggy yet charred and were hard as well. It's my impression that based on the hardened and soggy texture, they microwaved the potatoes. If I wanted microwaved food, I can eat at home. I want to know that my food is being cooked fresh NOT microwaved. I ended up throwing out everything because it tasted bad but more importantly, I didn't trust where this gross food came from. I will NEVER order from Cafe V & Kitchen again. My suggestion? Don't waste your time nor your money on this place.The service was great. The food was excellent. Atmosphere was beautiful. Price was right.  What more can you ask for.Like I said about this place the service is horrible the location is great the restaurant is beautiful food is very good.., they just need better service but I don't think I'll be going back againWent to Cafe V for lunch with a friend. He had a pulled pork sandwich.  I had the Salmon eggs Benedict.. We shared a Mimosa carfe'.  The service and server (Nahony) was excellent and the Salmon eggs Benedict was sheer perfection. (a combination of eggs Benedict and eggs Florentine topped with salmon filets). Great restaurant with a welcoming vibe; not to be missed.
PRSThe wait for food was ridiculously long (1 hour) and the eggs benedicts were very over cooked. The service was inattentive and even though the place was not crowded, the staff seemed overwhelmed.Absolutely amazing! I've order breakfast from here numerous times through grubhub. Delivery is always fast and the woman who brings it is awesome. One day I ordered two smoothies and she arrived with one, even though I told her not to worry about it, she was back in 10 mins with another smoothie (: Super sweet! You can't go wrong with anything that you order. The French toast and well as the pancakes are equally as good. The strawberry banana smoothie is a must!My favorite breakfast and lunch place! The food is out of this world and they always have so many new specials! I just had their Ricotta donuts with caramelized apples and I couldn't believe it! Amazing service and Amazing food!A+mazing. This is a great cafe.  Turkey and Brie Panini is to die for.  The owner, Victoria, is very welcoming and passionate about her cafe.  I love the atmosphere. Very sleek and classy.  Would recommend to all!This place deserves so much more recognition! The vibe is relaxing inside and they have a great menu. They have a large variety of drinks (smoothies, coffee, tea etc) and I was hoping that the food would be just as good and it totally is. Not only was my meal delicious, but it was presented beautifully as well :)I went here on a whim, and loved it. I am not sure why this amazing place does not have more stars. V was incredibly kind and personable. I can't wait to come back to this spot.let me start by saying that i never leave bad reviews but this time i can't help it. so this is the story: i've ordered delivery. among others i've ordered a salad with chicken, which obviously have paid for. i get my delivery and there's no chicken. okay. i call. ask for a manager, get a male on the phone that apologises but doesn't offer to send me my chicken, instead says next time i call i will be getting $10 off my bill. okay. today, i call again for delivery. i tell them the story. the lady says she can't find any instruction under my name with the said discount. i tell her i talked to a male manager. She clearly gets an attitude and says there is no male manager there and offers me a 20% discount. okay, fine, i'll take that. My delivery gets here pretty fast- which is a plus. I open my bag and notice one item missing AGAIN. i look on the bill, it wasn't even there - at least i wasn't charged for it this time. I call again and ask for a manager. A guy picks up the phone (SAME guy that offered me the $10 discount last time they forgot one of my items which i paid for). I tell him the story again. He denies it. I tell him what the lady told me on the phone about not having a male manager in there but yet when i asked for one he picked up. He tells me they are corporate and he is just visiting. And the lady i talked to couldn't have been rude because his staff is great and it was so nice of her to give me the 20% which will come out of her pay..WHAT?! he was very expeditive and got a half assed apology. i worked in this industry before, i know how things work. this was the worst customer service i have seen. THIS PLACE IS A JOKE! WILL NEVER ORDER AGAINI was in town for 2 days & I really wanted to try this diner I heard good things about but my friends insisted on eating outdoors, & we came across this place & I had no idea what kind of experience I was in for, due to the scarce reviews available online. (I was so angry)
Well I was pleasantly surprised. 
Positives:
Food was delicious! We had the eggplant sandwich (huge!), bruschetta, pancakes with fresh fruit, eggs, bacon, potatoes, and a burger. Everything was excellent! 
Inside decor is cute/clean/trendy.
Owner greeted us right away and was very friendly and personable.
Good coffee!
Negatives:
Very pricy. Breakfast for 3 people- $50.00+
Took very very long for appetizer/food to come out. We asked about it twice before it came out.
I would return to this place. There were other things I wished I could try!Great coffee, wifi (ask for the password), with big floor to ceiling windows, but open doors during the summer to keep you tied to the city outdoors if you want to stay out of the sun to work on your laptop.  Didn't have any food but it smelled great.Review for delivery: DON'T DO IT! DON'T.
The quoted delivery time was a little over an hour, but the food took *over* two hours to get.  They were impossible to contact (not to mention they did not call us to warn of the late delivery and if they did I would have a better opinion of them).  I've honestly never had such a bad delivery experience - the driver even had the nerve to complain about the location of my house after arriving.  This of course had nothing to do with the wait, because they would only even leave the restaurant with the food once a delivery service intervened on our behalf.  The food was really stale once it arrived - potatoes that tasted old, etc. Nope - not getting food from here ever again.the food here is delicious! I've only ever gotten them in grubhub, but all the different sandwiches and smoothies I've had are amazing. the bread is super good. fresh ingredients. nice selection.I came here with group of 10, after seeing the wait at the restaurant down the block was over an hour.  We were reluctant but hungry and so glad we gave this place a chance.  All of our meals were incredible.  Not only were they so accommodating with pushing the tables together and provide separate group checks, but the hospitality throughout was note worthy.  
I ordered the hungry man and substituted the ham steak for bacon with French toast, which was delicious 
I tried my boyfriend's pancakes, which was yummy as well.  
I added my other friend's dishes since the ones already posted don't give this place enough credit.Never ordered the drinks, but the sub was really big and worth the money! Definitely going there againWent in to buy a cup of coffee and a bottle of water, and tried to pay with a card, as I didn't have cash on me.  The cashier rung me up and tried to sneak in a credit card transaction fee of 25 cents, without telling me.  Like any small business, she would pay 3% for her square transaction fee, which would have cost her 12 cents, so she was trying to surreptitiously profit on my use of a card.  No, this isn't about a quarter.  It's about hidden fees.  Total dick move.  I won't go here again.What a shit show. The counter girl/server was, well...not the sharpest knife in the drawer, and overwhelmed by tending to the diners (only a few patrons in the place) , but not overwhelmed enough to keep eating from her plate behind the counter and walk around chewing her food. Yep, really. 
 I ordered the beet salad for myself with a Cappuccino, "Gourmet" grilled cheese and berry smoothie for my daughter. After 10 mins of waiting, counter/server girl lets me know no beets. Ok, ordered a different kind of salad. 40 mins go by, and my munchkin is getting antsy, and frankly...so am I. She reassures me it's "coming" and I ask for a glass of water for the 4th time. 
The owner is there and it appears they may have had a cook not show up. The owner is clearly frustrated and says so, but isn't doing much about the ridiculous wait time, the useless server or getting food out to frustrated diners. Finally....!!!!The "gourmet" grilled cheese arrives!! It was a toasted cheese sandwich with a few stacks of sliced cheese and bacon, and a slice of orange on the plate.whu? $9??!  I ended up cancelling the salad I ordered because it took so long and just wanted to get out of there at that point. At that moment the salad miraculously appeared (but without the chicken I had ordered on it) and so I took it to go. It was seriously not even edible. 
Major FAIL, Cafe V. 
*on ONE positive note, the espresso used in the cappuccino was perfection.Great pastries, food and coffee.  The Caprese Sandwich is very good! The scones are divine and the cookies are OOC! Staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is clean and sleek.  I enjoy taking a break out of my day to stop in here!Cafe V has such a beautiful home-y feel to it. The coffee is AMAZING, the staff is so welcoming, and the food is great!!! I love trying their new specials. I recently had their fish tacos with their homemade pico de gallo and guacamole and OMG. SO GOOD!! I've also gotten food delivered from here and never had a problem! This is one of my favorite places to eat.I ordered from them on grubhub. They were out of the French Toast that I ordered but called me right away and gave me several other options. They were very nice and would recommend them on their service alone!This place was the most terrible experience I've ever had at a resturant. They seem to cater more to the grub hubs and delivery based food. Don't come in this place hungry because you will not be served as if you are. This place is terrible at customer service. I brought my entire family here and regret every minute because the wait was delayed by the called in orders. We had to wait so long we couldnt even enjoy our food when it finally came. Customer service is dead here! By the way this would be 0 stars but its not possible. Bad business. I will never return here again.I just order breakfast from this place and I have a few suggestions based on my order. Delivery was fast. We got the Capresa toast with Benedict eggs and mozzarella, tomatoes and potatoes. This dish 4/5 since it was missing some flavor and seasoning. The other dish that we ordered was the pancakes filled with cream cheese and strawberries. This dish was 3/5. You get two giant pancakes covered in some type of strawberry cream. I never though I would say this but this pancakes might be too giant, and I loooove food and pancakes but the whole combination makes it feel like too much, tbh it's even hard to eat. My bf and me could barely finish one. And I EAT. Like I EAT a lot. But this was too much, even for me. And might even be a waste for the restaurant money wise.I walked past Cafe V on South Street and decided to try it out. It was a very calm atmosphere and had light music playing when I went in. All the decor is in white and serene colors. I ordered the breakfast burrito which was pretty good and had their own homemade salsa. The prices are slightly higher than diner prices and the server was friendly. They also have outside seating and Cafe V seems like a good brunch place on a nice day.Love this place! Food is delicious, lots of vegetarian options, place is clean, and the staff is consistently the friendliest I have seen in Philly. If I had one critique it would be the pricing, which I think is a bit steep. $6 smoothies? Ouch!I haven't been to Cafe V in quite some time but I stumbled upon this place around when they opened. I really liked their steeped loose leaf tea. I brought my friends back for brunch a few weeks later and they all really enjoyed their meals. I had the tofu scramble and it was okay. The portion was kind of small. 
The owner is very sweet and always appreciates and make it a point to take the time to talk to her custimers.