Hidden off Rittenhouse and doesn't seem to be that well known.  Clean and bright interiors.  Affordable crepes and lunch options.  I discovered with European friends in town, now I can't keep away!  Have tried latte, teas, croque Madame/Monsieur, crepe (of course) and have loved every bite!Friendly staff, delicious food, seasonal menu, great espresso drinks. One of the best French places in Philly.Love this place! Delicious and comes with character. I've been here a few times since my first delicious Croque Madame, but that first time was when I spoke with the owner. He definitely knows his way in the kitchen and you can tell they pride themselves on coffee. Not necessarily their coffee, just coffee as a necessity in life- a rule I go by as well. I told him the place was tucked away and hard to find, and he joked that they try to keep the not-worthy out. They can take a simple ham and cheese sandwich and make it heaven, so I'm definitely a fan and would recommend it to anyone.I only have had decaf coffee and a biscotti so far, but I really like this cafe. It is small, but very cute and the coffee is good. The staff is friendly and they have a lot of options for food (that I will be back to try).  I almost didn't want to write a review because I'd like to keep it as my secret. But they are new and need the business, hence the review!Pros: very cute French Cafe. Great crepes and coffee selections. Nice place to take a break from Rittenhouse Square. Kind of secluded, which gives it a little hidden cafe feel. Friendly servers. 
Cons: Not near Rittenhouse Row so it is a little walk away but that's what gives it a nice feel. 
Overall: Cute little spot for a nice break.Summary: Poor service, mediocre food and coffee, would not return.
I went in for a coffee and a crepe, but was very disappointed. We were the first customers in line and ordered a single crepe to split and a coffee. We waited 22 minutes before the crepe came out, and the two people behind us got their order of two crepes 10 minutes before we did.
We were about to get up and leave when the crepe came out. The flavor was bland and not worth the wait. Coffee was okay, but there are much better places nearby to get coffee (and snacks for that matter!)I've been wanting to go here since Memorial Day. I was planning on going to the one in Fairmount, but I was super psyched to hear this place just opened up since there are so many places I can go around here. 
So, you come in order and pay for your food and find your own seat. Then, they bring the food out to you. I had the Nutella and Strawberry Crepe. My boyfriend had the one with the goat cheese and bacon. I forget what it's called. 
My crepe was super sweet, I was not expecting so much nutella. But I guess that's what I get for ordering that. I liked it though, I just scraped off some nutella and it was still fine. The crepe wasn't too dry, but it was actually good. It cooked perfectly. My boyfriend said that his crepe was really good. He's not that much of a crepe person, but he liked it. 
Great service!
MUST TRY: Nicoise Crepe (it's the goat cheese and bacon one)Love the Sucre Citron crepe! Not as sweet as the other sweet crepes and absolutely delicious!Fantastic crepes. Very well made and well balanced with a lot of thought put into the ingredients and flavor combinations.
Their coffee is good too!Meh.  The coffee is good and the limited crepe offerings are passable but its all overpriced.  Service was kind of slow and I just did not care for the bland atmosphere.   With La Creperie Cafe nearby there are MUCH better (if still overpriced) crepes and coffee to be had elsewhere.Got Lunch here. Nice, crispy crepes with quality ingredients. I guess it was quiet because it was that weird 'tea time' lull in the afternoon, but they keep it clean and it seems like it would be a good place to study, if you're ok with just tables and chairs. Need to go back and try the coffee.They slather the Nutella generously on the crepe. The coffee is very good. The staff is extremely congenial. A nice place to work on a sunny Friday afternoon.After walking by numerous times, I finally stopped in to try the crepes. The Madagascar crepe that I ordered was way too sweet. I enjoyed the notes of cinnamon, but any hint of vanilla was overpowered by the maple syrup. I can't imagine anyone using the extra maple syrup that comes in a small pitcher on the side. My friend had the Nutella crepe with bananas; it was good, but you can't go too wrong with Nutella. The crepes themselves were sizable and filling. I think next time I'll try a savory one. 
Cute space, soothing music, friendly service. Crepes are a bit pricey, but it is next to Rittenhouse Park.I had heard of Cafe L'Aube from friends, but never visited since I never was near a location - until they opened up right by Rittenhouse Park! At first I was surprised when I saw the tiny sign on the street - the location itself is so unobstrusive that I didn't even know there was any retail location there!
After a long, hectic shift at work, I was starving at this late afternoon hour and even though I was close to home, I decided to finally try their crepes out - and get some coffee too. The place itself is very cute, and strives to have a French/European bistro air to it, which is a nice contrast to most of the places around town. There is a nice amount of seating inside, and when I arrived two people were there, one working on a laptop, the other chatting with the servers.
Armande, the crepe connoisseur, greeted me and asked if it was my first time there. Since it was, he insisted on making me a special crepe, asking only a few questions about my favorite ingredients/preferences, and then swiftly put together my crepe while I sat down and struck up a conversation with a very regular patron there. My coffee came quickly, and the crepe not long afterwards, and wow was it delicious. The crepe prices may at first turn you off, but they are large and incredibly filling. I couldn't finish the whole thing, and I was stuffed to the point of uncomfortable. 
They have a great list of different savory and sweet crepes (which I'll have to try another time), as well as fresh baked pastries to go with your coffee. And with servers like Armande, its no wonder this particular location of L'Aube has serious regular patrons. Delicious!The BEST crepe I have ever had in the US - perfectly made each time.  I'm working my way through the crepe menu - both sweet and savory.  The coffee is great - the service is charming and all the crepes are cooked to order.   A great addition to the Rittenhouse area.   And the opportunity to practice my French!Love this place! I've only had their savory crepes and they are delicious - in addition to the crepes offered on the menu, you can customize the ingredients you want and make it your way.  I highly recommended the buckwheat crepe. 
The place is somewhat hidden on one of the side streets off of Rittenhouse Square, but is great for meeting with a friend or two, or for studying on a weekend (they have free wifi).The setting is adorable and the location right on the square, which makes it great as a caffeine stop while shopping on Walnut.  The coffee is absolutely fantastic and I love the fact that it is served in a huge porcelain mug.  The crepes here are also very good, and I love the Le Fromager, which is incredibly creamy and savory with the perfect ratio, of tamoatoes, bacon, eggs, and goat cheese.  The nutella crepe is a good option if you need to satisfy your sweet tooth.  The seating is comfortable and it's a great place to study or catch up with friends or even have a coffee chat.Quiet, chic, cute little find. Delicious coffees, creeps and sandwiches. Not super fast but food quality is worth the wait. Great for a date or lazy afternoon or study place.Okay. I do not recommend the Dirty Chai Latte as it really has no chai taste. In my opinion it actually taste burnt. The creep was decent. The goat cheese is actually really good and creamy and the fig has a great taste however the ham is just..... Ham. Over all an okay experience.I've been going to their original location in Fairmount/Francisville for years, but today was my first time at the new Rittenhouse address. You couldn't ask for a better location on a quiet side street just off the square. Ok, I lied. It could be better if they had outdoor seating, but there's some slightly noisy/smelly loading docks at neighboring buildings which probably make that a no-go. I didn't notice the loading docks at all from inside though. Either way, the location next to the French-style Rittenhouse park is perfect for a French cafe/creperie.
I had the Lemon-sugar (Sucre Citron) sweet crepe and it was just as good as always. I noticed some slightly different crepes on the menu from their other location, so I will have to go back and try some of them, and maybe get it to-go and sit in the park.Definitely divey and hipster. Good sweet and savory crepes. Great service. Perfect coffee. Free wifi and perfect for reading a book, the newspaper, etc.Super cute place on the outskirts of Rittenhouse Square.  
The service is stellar as are the crepes and coffee.
I've had lattes and regular drip coffee and both are high quality and right up there with my fav coffee in the city.
The crepes are excellent and there are many options for fillings.  
They have plenty of seating, but it was rather cold inside on the day I went, so bring along a scarf and wear some thick socks in the winter months.This is my favorite place to get breakfast in the city. The crepes are good, but the best part is the fresh ingredients in the savory crepes. Also, the coffee is roasted in house and is incredible.Unbelievably good food.  It's even worth dealing with the unfriendly girl who serves it to you, for which they lost one star.I am no Francophile but I do love me a well done crepe. Had the legumes vegetarian crepe with mushrooms, spinach, avocado and some other veggies. Very light, refreshing, and welcoming. Great ambience as well.We didn't even get to the food here (which, from the menu, looks delicious).  My friends and I decided to try this place out because it got good reviews and looked promising.  However, whoever the cash register operator/host was today (7/1/2014) was simply awful and terribly rude.
When I tried to place a food order, he instructed me that it would take a "long time" although he did not specify what this meant even when asked.  He looked over at the obviously overworked cook in their open kitchen, who seemed more exhausted by his bad attitude than anything else.  I placed an order for a croque madame, which comes with either chips or a salad.  When I asked what the salad consisted of, the host indignantly said something along the lines of "What do you think?  It's a salad?" and when I asked again, he begrudgingly listed the ingredients, albeit with a downright hostile attitude.  We walked out without giving this place any of our money.
I have never been treated so rudely by any establishment in Philadelphia.  I understand that his job may not be the most exciting endeavor (I have worked in food service), however there is no excuse for the behavior we experienced today.  The gentleman who worked the cash register on 7/1/2014 should at least be reprimanded and told that his  behavior is no way to treat patrons who are giving money to this local establishment.My aunt and I popped in here for a quick lunch when I was in town. We were pretty full from breakfast so we got a savory crepe to share. 
She got a cafe au lait which she enjoyed (it came out in a sizeable portion, nice presentation) and we shared the Le Quebecoise crepe. They make all the crepes fresh when you order them and they don't disappoint. It had thinly sliced apples on top and a great flavor. A little sweet but mostly savory with the ham and cheese accenting the apples and syrup well. I believe the crepe was buckwheat. 
It was a delicious little snack, the portion was not too large but still enough for to split between two of us for an afternoon treat. I would love to try a nutella and fruit crepe next time!Fresh, Classy, Relaxing Cafe with pleasant, accommodating staff and... tasty crepes. $$ but you get what you pay for. Treat yourself at either Philly location.I walked in here this morning, just ten minutes ago, and I'm already jumping to write a review like some sort of columnist for the Inquirer. I have yet to taste the french tasty treats, but it was surely the first thing I smelled. Then I noticed the sign for free wi-fi!! I decided to give it a shot because perhaps the Starbucks at Rittenhouse square would be too crowded. The service was impeccable. Two men staffed the cafe, one seeming to be highly professional owner. I asked many questions and they obliged. And when I turned around to grab my coffee from the bar, the barista was already on his way with it to my table. This is all never mind to say that the coffee is divine!! I added skim milk and agave sugar and it only heightened the flavor. They have an assortment of coffee "additions" that would make any health nerd and coffee lover alike ecstatic! I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place and will choose it over the Starbucks at Barnes and Noble any day! (I told the barista this and apparently I'm not the only person to convert....I may just stay for lunch to eat whatever it is that smells so heavenly!)I love this place!  Great coffee, delectable food, and perfect French ambiance.  The wifi is reliable, and it never gets too loud.  Both the owner and the baristas are super, super nice.  I recently moved out of Philadelphia but still come back for business.  I typically work out of this cafe in the mornings, and the owner always remembers me and greets me with "Hey!  You're back from New York!"
Cafe L'Aube is definitely my new go-to meeting spot in Rittenhouse!  The other location in Fairmount is also great.This is a really cute place! I got a strawberry Nutella crepe, and it was delicious! Will definitely come back!It's a nice place to study during the day, and the coffee is really good.  The food is on the more expensive side, but it's pretty authentic!  Service is on the slower side, but employees are very nice and friendly.Service gets 2 stars, but the crepes and coffee concoctions are pretty awesome and generally worth the sometimes ridiculous wait you get here. 
It's hard for me to order anything but the Complete (egg and emmentaler) with jabon blanc, although I keep promising myself that I'll branch out. Their croque madame is pretty stellar too, but its definitely on the richer side. 
This place is totally worth a visit if you're trying to break out of your old egg, ham, and cheese sandwich rut and searching for a little refinement.Impressed with this places European charm and character. It's reasonably priced. The owner is friendly, welcoming and will strike up a chat with you. A little Parisian flavor in Philly.Cafe L'Aube's Rittenhouse location is my new favorite addition to the neighborhood. I moved to Graduate Hospital just a little too late to try their former South Street location, which had just closed. All this time I've continued to hear good things about Cafe L'Aube, from their coffee to their crepes. Now that I've finally tried it, I think it more than lives up to the praise. 
The crepes are the best I've had in a long time. In particular, the L'Espagnol, with chorizo, Idiazabal cheese, Farga Aragon olives, and membrillo, was absolutely exquisite. The flavors blended together beautifully, and the cheese melted like a dream. I was pleased to find that all their crepes are very customizable; I appreciate that flexibility. Their house coffee, blended and roasted here in Philadelphia, is excellent. The atmosphere of the café is pleasant and overall a peaceful place to hang out with a coffee and a good book. 
We've been back several times since they opened, and we look forward to making this a regular spot!Great new spot in Rittenhouse. Good coffee, great croissants, cool atmosphere and free wifi.Food was great. Read some funky reviews on here - not sure what they are about. We hunted this place down and it was worth it.I always eat their sweet crepes. The La Vanille is one of my favorites. Perfect place to eat and study at the same time.This is my favorite location to study . The employees are amazing and always nice to me. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a delicious crepe and needs a quiet place to study.I might be a Cafe L'Aube stalker. I  have lived near two of their locations (15th & South and 20th & Washington) and the food and coffee at each are consistently delicious.
This location is cozy but has a decent amount of seating, and I like that it's almost tucked away from the crowded Rittenhouse area. The workers are friendly and take a lot of care in their preparation.
I love the crepe Complète, and their coffee is probably my favorite in the city.We sat for almost 3 hours and drank coffee and ate. It was sooo delicious. The crepes were so balanced and flavorful. Coffee was really good too. It's easy to walk right past it if you aren't looking for it. My only issue was that it was really cold. The door open and a strong wind whips thorough the cafe. It was still a really nice experience and tastes just like France.Unfortunately this place has really gone downhill for me. When it first opened the owner (I think he was the owner) was always there and so friendly and awesome. He always wanted to make me something special and even whipped up a full bottle of the amazing salad dressing (like a Dijon vinaigrette) they used to serve. Now that they have been up and running he's no longer there (or maybe no longer involved- I'm not sure!) but the staff is not particularly friendly and insanely slow. 
I used to crave their croque Monsieur on a daily basis but now they have shrunk in size and they keep being out of that amazing home made dressing they used to serve for the side salads. In fact the last few times they had no salads at all and just served a handful of stale chips with the small sandwich...for $10!! It was almost embarrassing to receive. I want to love this place again, please go back to how you were when you first opened!!Super cute French coupld (I assume) own this spot.  This place is right off the square and on a nice day I can imagine picking up food from here and eating in the park.  
We ordered their vegetarian crepe option.  It was delicious!  It did take a big long, but the owner came over with a biscoti and said our food would be right out.  You can see them making this, so I don't mind waiting for fresh made and DELICIOUS food.  
They noted that we went out to check on our dogs, and were so kind about it.  They said next time bring them in.  Really sweet people who go all out in trying to accommodate you.  The food is REALLY good and the green tea was DELICIOUS.  
In fact, I even went back the next day.  I had the same great food and service.  I'll continue to frequent this gem.Philadelphia has a number of great crepe places on offer (such as "So Crepe" on South Street) and I have to say, in comparison, Cafe L'Aube does not compete. 
I visited Cafe L'Aube today and found the food disappointing. A simple "Crepe Complete" (cheese, ham and egg) was poorly made and garnished with dry oregano, which ruined the little taste there was. The staff, with the exception of one girl who appeared to be the only one working, were rude and unprofessional (including one member of staff slamming the plates on the countertop and refusing to take them to the table) and we noticed that each plate that left the kitchen looked different. Some plates only had the crepes themselves whilst others had a salad too.
Overall, this is a very disappointing little cafe. Despite the great location, I will not return and would not recommend it.Popped in to this tres adorable cafe on a rainy sunday morning for breakfast and it did not disappoint.  Right when you walk in it smells heavenly.  We had the Croque Vegetarienne and a crepe filled with Proscuitto, Sheep's Milk Cheese, and Fig Spread that was DELIGHTFUL! Great atmosphere and you can tell its a weekend staple for the regulars.  The woman working the crepe station was a real pro and I can't wait to try some of the other selections.With so many coffee shops on the square its hard to stand out...but this place does! Unlike most of the other places, it has an equally appealing food menu as coffee menu. Tried to croque-monsieur and it was soo good! Served with a small side salad with a surprisingly good dressing. The staff is very friendly and the french man making the food/crepes was really nice and checked in to see how I was enjoying everything. Hopefully they can get a sign or some outdoor tables as its pretty hidden on locust between the square the 20th street.Love this charming little cafe. It has wifi and outlets by every table, so I'll definitely be back for weekend work! The coffee, cafe au lait and crepes (quebecoise and sucre citron) were delicious.I had passed by this place multiple times and was always intrigued by it's art noveau decor on the windows and door. One day I finally dropped by to find out that inviting looks were only a facade. I ordered a vegetarian sandwich inluding pesto, tomato, melted mozzarella and avocado and chips on the side because they had run out of something else that should have been served on the side. The sandwich consisted of toast that was as bad as any cheapest, store bought toast. All of this doesn't sound too bad for a road side diner but next to Rittenhouse Square for over 10$ I'm sure on my nexr road trip I'll be sure to fill up the tank somewhere else.Looks inviting from the outside, but once you enter, beware. Service is terrible and it is way overpriced for what you get. 
A group of four of us each ordered a crepe for breakfast, and even though they had two people working there and three crepe making stations, they made only one crepe at a time. It took 30 minutes for them to make our 4 crepes! Plus they were much more expensive than I would have expected. We ended up paying about $60 for four crepes. For that price we could have had a nice sit-down brunch at a real restaurant, with attentive service. 
I'll admit the crepes are tasty, but given the poor service and high prices, I won't be coming back.$15 for a mocchaccino and a crepe! Yes, they're both good, but overpriced nonetheless. There is no outdoor seating. The windows are small, and all but one of them look out to the concrete walls of the nearby buildings. The seating room is crowded and looks more industrial and cold rather than a warm cafe (French or otherwise).  The view from most tables is that of the dirty floor behind the counter. Overall, not worth the money. You can find good coffees and good crepes elsewhere that cost less and are served in nicer cafes. There are definitely a lot of other better options for breakfast or brunch in the city.The chorizo crepe with olives and sheep cheese is divine. Nice vibe.Came here for a chat over breakfast with a friend and really liked the atmosphere here. I ordered a latte and the sucre citron crepe. 
The crepe took a while to make, and wasn't as good as I expected (slightly stiff / dry). Also, I thought it was expensive for what it contained - sugar and lemon juice. It is the same price as some of the fancier crepes with nutella etc. 
Nice place for a casual coffee chat, but for serious crepes, I would recommend socrepe instead.I decided to give this place a visit on my lunch break the other day and i couldn't have been more pleased.  I ordered a nutella strawberry crepe and a latte. Ive eaten crepes in france many times and i have to say, the crepes at this place are as close to the real thing as you can get here in the city. Beautiful decor, friendly and knowledge staff, authentic food, and did i mention that they roast their own coffee locally? This is definitely going to be one of my regular lunch places.I've been a fan of L'Aube since the first (now defunct) location opened on South Street. We've made it to the other locations from time to time, and especially like the Fairmount/Spring Garden location, but this location is finally convenient walking distance for us (without being someplace we never go to -- I.e. Washington Ave West of Broad). The menu's significantly more spartan than the Fairmount location, but what's there is good, and the staff does its best to fulfill special requests, as long as they have the ingredients available. The Quebecoise that I had was very good, as was the special request I got the next time I went. Their hot chocolate is also very good. I'm sure we'll be back multiple times.LOVELY! I really enjoyed having breakfast here. The place is very French and cool. The coffee was fantastic. I had a Baguette with a side of Nutella. DELICIOUS! Crispy baguette with Nutella...c'mon now, yum! The service was great too. Nice dudes working there and one had a French accent so you know it's legit. :)I went looking on yelp for a good coffee shop near Rittenhouse Square this afternoon and found this cafe.  Seeing that it was rated 4.5 stars,  I decided to try it and was sorely disappointed.  First off, the cafe was a bajillion degrees.  I don't know if the air conditioning wasn't working or something, but even the ceiling fans didn't help cool the place.
I ordered a chai latte (3.50ish) and an overpriced lemon crepe.  The latte could have been more spiced and less sweet, but overall, was okay.  However, the crepe was horrible.  It was tough and stale tasting... Like it was premade and just microwaved before serving.  It was also too sweet with little sugar chunks inside it. My friend ordered an ice coffee which she said was average.  
The location was off Rittenhouse Square on a little street that was out of the way.  With no people watching and bad food, this cafe is a no.I'm definitely a fan of Cafe L'Aube, and I was super bummed to discover a couple weeks ago that their Washington Ave location is no longer open on weekends. But when the craving for L'Aube coffee and a crêpe strikes, you have to answer the call, even if it requires a little more distance to travel. 
L'Aube's Rittenhouse location is cute and very French (or at least, how I imagine very French to be). Baguettes, pastries and juices line the counters and the short but sweet menu has something for everyone. I went with my standard order, the Complete, with Emmentaler cheese, ham and egg, in a buckwheat crêpe. Sometimes, this crêpe is perfect, and other times, it can be a bit dry. To avoid this, the Le Fromager crêpe is probably a better option because the chevre has a wonderful creaminess that pairs really well with the egg, bacon and grape tomatoes.
One of the best things about L'Aube is their coffee. It's absolutely delicious and right up there with La Colombe, my other favorite. Their lattes are better than anywhere else, and served in gigantic mugs. Je t'aime, L'Aube!Excellent food, good prices, and quick, friendly service.
As a prior review noted, the Le Fromager makes for a truly excellent meal.Excellent food - I had the Tuscany and the double cappuccino - both were fantastic. Neighborhood is a bit dodgy but seemed safe.After having a few hours to spare before meeting up with some girlfriends, I yelped for coffee in Philly's museum district. Off of a side street, this place is elegant and cozy with big windows and french charm. Lots of seating makes it perfect for working/reading or having a quiet chat with friends. 
I ordered a soy latte and a Savoie sandwich (turkey, Camembert, and fig spread) that came out on a crunchy baguette. The sandwich was $9.25 and came with a side. I opted for the fruit salad - a nice assortment of pineapple, grapes, orange, strawberry, and melon. 
Very pleased with this spot and the other yelp reviews that led me here. Will definitely want to revisit the next time I am in the city again.Really nice cafe right off of Rittenhouse Square.  The crepes are fantastic and inventive.  Most do a great job of combining the sweet and savory, but they do have a set labeled "sucree" if you really just want to satisfy a craving.  Service can be slow at times, but the dishes are prepped with real care.  The cappuccino I had was more like a latte, but tasted alright.  The staff are really nice and welcoming, and the decor is tastefully done, making the ambiance quite nice.  Would definitely recommend.  A great place to sit and just relax for a bit.I'm so happy this coffeehouse and cafe made its way into our neighborhood, especially in such a dodgy corner at 17th & Wallace.  It's presence, in my opinion, has de-dodged the corner in a way making me feel safer on my walk home.  Cafe L'Aube has been a consistent weekend stop for coffee since they arrived in our neighborhood and their ground coffee has been a staple in our pantry.  At $16 a bag, this is seriously the best coffee I've ever had.  The French are french roasting in Philadelphia.  
Even better, the owner Jean-Luc is so friendly.  He waves when you pass and recognizes his customers.  Since the summer, they've even recognized my dog.  One of their staff members even babysat him outside while I went to get my coffee inside --- although if your dog isn't a spaz like mine he can accompany you to the counter.  
Besides the coffee, the crepes are to die for.  They're decadent and decadently priced, so I make them a special treat.  They are also quite large, so share with a friend.  Both savory and sweet, I've never been disappointed.  Recently they've been putting cute little jokes on their outside board that make me smile...my fave being "every kiss begins with au-lait" which just so happens to be the boo's drink of choice.  
For coffee, they're a weekly indulgence.  At $2 a pop it's an affordable luxury.I could live a happy life just one the lemon crepes! They make me salivate just thinking about them. Super friendly people and delish food. Also my friend and iI have camped out in their back room for hours doing work on our laptops. Love love love and lemon crepes!The staff was very friendly and the owner took the time to greet us and thank us for being his patrons.
The meal itself was good. We got a crepe with goat cheese, scrambled eggs and bacon and tomatoes (le fromager) and it was delicious. A bit heavy on the bacon but we didn't mind much.
Surely going back soon.If you've never tried a crepe before it's important you have your first experience here! You will be amazed and wonder why you even eat pancakes. Me and my sis shared the la vanille crepe and we devoured it the flavors are impressive for a small coffee shop. We also each got the croque madame (for me) and croque Monsieur (for her) and this is the first place in the city where I've seen both of them served and they serve them all day..so bonus points for that since I never make it on time for brunch at other restaurants where they have croque monsieur only. Both sandwiches were perfection with cute fresh and yummy salads. Definitely recommend to all!Things are on track at Cafe L'aube today.  I had visited a couple weeks ago for the first time and while the food and coffee were both excellent, the service was slower than a snail.  Today, I had no complaints. Seeking some breakfast, coffee and free wifi for a couple hours, all my expectations were met. 
The space is awesome. A minimalist cafe with French styling and music to set the vibe.  It's a nice place to get some work done or pass the time with friends. 
I had the savory La Fromage (sp?) with egg, bacon, goat cheese and tomatoes.  It hit the spot perfectly and arrived at my table in under 10 minutes. I also tried a coffee truffle...they might not be a staple, but it hit the sweet spot nicely after breakfast! The coffee here is also excellent, with a strong but refined taste, comparable to the other premier torrefaction in Philly.  
Side note -- In addition to great food and coffee today, I shared the room with the one and only Ruben Amaro, Jr. -- it's not everyday that you get to sit in the same room with the man that has brought the best team to Philly in years, and it was great to see him in the neighborhood.There's one thing every coffee shop must have. Adequate seating? No. WXPN streaming overhead? Nope. Cute baristas? No, but it never hurts. Then what?
Coffee.
Yes, coffee. Much like a pizza place needs pizza and a crack house needs crack heads, it just makes sense. So when I walked into this strangely empty coffee shop, asked for a cup, and was told that "the coffee was out", I nearly asked, "Out where? To lunch?" One look around the kitchen just furthered my confusion; no coffee ready or brewing with still two hours until closing. Hmm...
I have to give L'Aube the benefit of the doubt and assume that this was just an off day.  Or maybe I was on some hidden camera show and didn't say the "secret word". No idea. But I'll give them 3-stars for now since the free tap water was pretty good.
Peace.I wish they were still in South Philly :( Super delicious crepes, though!!! Very artfully made.Iced coffee, a delicious crepe with eggs, bacon, goat cheese and tomatoes - delicious! A great place right in the neighborhood, and really nice to see an old storefront restored and dressed up.Really not impressed with this place.  Went on an afternoon coffee run but came back disappointed.  It didn't feel homey, was very empty and my coffee was not the best.  It was sort of in the middle if nowhere through some not so friendly looking streets. Tried their chocolate covered pretzels, and they were stale.  It was definitely overpriced too.  
There weren't a lot of options for snacks, not even muffins, croissants so all I could choose was a store bought chocolate covered pretzel.  Really disappointed, but the reviews have gone up since I went so I will give it another try.  Didn't seem like anything was homemade either.  Maybe their specialty really is just crepes...A bit pricey but the food is great, and they offer free wifi unlike Mugshots. Also, your clothes won't smell like vegan bacon for the rest of the day like they will after being in mugshots.Terrible service. I've tried this place 4x now, always giving it the benefit of the doubt because I live so close. The service is terrible. It's slow and unreliable. They have never gotten my order right in the 4x I have been there and I always pay much more than should be warranted. 
If you want to spend $15 on a coffee and a terrible sandwich you didn't order, this is your spot.My husband & I agreed the coffee was wonderful. I had a truly well made cappuccino & the Crepe Midi - fresh pears, blueberry sauce, delicious. My husband had the Croque Deluxe and it was not at all too heavy on any one ingredient, but still very rich and satisfying. Now that I know where this is hiding, I will be hard pressed to go to another coffee shop. I mean, Crepes!!!Great food. Good sign when the excellent crepes are not even the best thing on the menu! Try the croque monsieur, it's amazing (or add the bacon and bechamel for the some of the best grilled cheese you will ever taste)! Funny what happens when the owner (Jean Luc) insists on using only good quality ingredients: You get full and are very satisfied with smaller portions. And Jean Luc is such a nice guy.Cute little place.. A nice place to spend your morning reading.. The crepes are delicious 5 starsCafe L'Aube is a wonderful place to relax, read, work, or hang out with friends.  It's definitely one of the greatest new additions to the neighborhood.  As the new kid in town, it has the benefit of anonymity.  Not many people seem to know about it, yet, which, while probably not ideal for the owners, makes it a great place for the customers.  During the times I've worked there, it has never been empty or lonely, but has also never been as crowded, noisy, or frenetic as Mugshots. 
The space is comfortable and inviting.  Sure, it seems a little unfinished, but somehow what the owner(s) have managed to do with the cafe more than compensates for what they have yet to complete.  The giant picture windows that frame the front of the cafe give the space a light airiness that somehow makes it feel warm and sunny no matter what the weather outside.  The music is a mix of low-key, jazzy, down-tempo and cabaret French sounds that are warm, smooth, and inviting; they make the ambiance much more welcoming than, for example, that at Mugshots, sometimes.  The vibe I get is always relaxed and pleasant.
While the cafe doesn't have quite the diversity of food and drink that other places have, those things it does have are excellent.  The coffee, which the owner roasts himself, is great.  The menu offers a great selection of sweet and savory crepes and sandwiches, all made to order.  I've had about 4 or 5 different crepes, including one of the special "crepes of the day," and they've all been great.Went two days in a row after my first experience ...1st had a Capp and a sandwich with a fancy name..2nd had crepe and the hotchoc w/ espresso shot "mochachino" ..both times left super happy, full, and feeling a little more fancy ...in all this place isn't your go to for a quick cheap lunch...it's pricy but the food and environment def make it worth the while if your into that kinda thingCraving something sweet, I went to Café LAube on the recommendation of a colleague who lives in the neighborhood.  
As I walked in, I noticed several patrons with their laptops busy at work and other sipping large mugs of coffee and chatting with others.  I perused the menu and saw a rather large selection of savory (meal-like) and sweet (dessert-like) crêpe.  I ordered a nutella with banana crêpe and within 10 minutes, it was presented and satisfied my sweet tooth.  
For crêpe, those in University City flock to one of the food trucks... for those Rittenhouse Square, they go to the place across from the Sofitel... for those near South and Bainbridge, theres the legendary Beau Monde.  Im glad that Fairmount/Art Museum now has its own creperie.  
Would I go back?  Yes.I traveled here after a bike ride.
A warm and comfortable vibe envelops the place. The menu, although limited to crepes, coffee, and tea, boasts enough diversity to satisfy any appetite. 
The owner, a francophonic wonderful man to speak with, ensured that we had everything catered perfectly. He made small talk and told us about his upbringing. 
The crepes, made from buckwheat (Hello gluten free!), were delicious. I normally prefer them with typical white flour, but the buckwheat was just as good. All of the ingredients within my crepe were fresh (Tomatoes, French ham, leeks, swiss cheese, eggs). 
The tea is served in individual pots. I highly recommend anybody to visit Cafe L'Aube off of Fairmount if they want a chilled out place for either conversation or simply to get away.Cute little coffee shop wedged in between the neighborhood in Fairmount. Menu was a little bit pricey for what you got. I ordered a waffle with whipped cream, chocolate & bananas and thought the portion size was rather measly for the $5.25 price tag. Same with my friend's $8 crepe. Hard to find table space though when someone is parked with their Macbook at a four-top so you might have to stake out a spot for a bit. They had a small lounge area in the back as well that was also taken up by the techies. They should consider utilizing the areas around the windows or in the back room as bar space for the squatters so that people who are looking to actually dine in (and not nurse a cup of coffee for 3 hours while working on their blog) can at least sit down and enjoy their $6 waffle.Cashier was talking on his cell phone during entire order, couldn't tell if he was talking to me or his friend. Very rude, food is okNice quiet place to get some homework done and enjoy a latte and nutella crepe. If you're watching your figure, their salads are pretty good too. The staff is extremely friendly and always a pleasure to talk to. The front room can get pretty crowded but the back room tends to be empty (though it is smaller) so you can literally spend all day there without being interrupted.Great coffee shop vibe. My Cappuccino was delicious and my friend enjoyed her latte. We split the legumes vegeterien crepe (my favorite!) and the Provençale Panini (delicious as well). Parking in that neighbhorhood is free and easy to find.My favorite crepe shop. I love it here. Definitely go for the savory crepes, stay for the casual atmosphere and delicious coffee. I even managed to get my sister hooked to this place. The owners are wonderful. I wish I lived right next door to them!I love this cafe. It was recommended by a neighbor who couldn't believe I was drinking Wawa coffee (he's a refined foreigner).
The coffee is great, especially the iced coffee. One of the best iced coffee's I've had. Even better are the crepes. Just so yummy. Every one I've tried has been my favorite. I didn't really know what a leek was or that it tasted so good when mixed with Emmentaler cheese and bacon. The lemon crepe is OMG.
And, bonus, it's a great place to hang out and do work on work from home days.some of the best coffee in the city, i think it house roasted somewhere in the city.  The large iced coffee is a real large and  priced right.  The crepes are incredible for breakfast and lunch.  The place doesn't get as much exposure as other places in the area because its not on Fairmount ave, but its well worse a visit.The people are very nice and I want to love it, but it has 2 problems I can't get over. #1 no a/c and usually no fan.  It gets HOT in there for real. #2 food is $$$$.  Like every crepe is $10.  Crepes that aren't even a big deal are still that $$. I could buy a gourmet sandwich around here at places like Telas for way less. Make it breezy and affordable and I'll happily returnI live just a couple blocks away and love French food. I popped in for lunch and as always love it here! Crepes or sandwiches all good! Service is ok if somewhat slow. But I don't mind that if the it's worth it!Something came over me and I was compelled to find delicious crêpes in the city of Philadelphia. Thanks to my trusty yelpers, I was pointed in the direction of Cafe L'Aube. The quaint Parisian cafe can be found off of an unsuspecting side street in Fairmount. When you walk in you're transported to a modest cafe in France, with black and white decor, tall ceilings, and aloof but friendly faces behind the counter. You grab a menu and start to look over the extensive selection of crepes and sandwiches (not to mention there are glistening pastries taunting you from the display cases). You'll order at the counter and pay up-front but a handsome man with an intoxicating french accent will bring your food and beverages to your table. Are you sold already?
Here's where the dilemma comes in - do you go with a savory crepe with their meat, cheese and gourmet fillings or do you satisfy your sweet tooth and just go for the dessert crêpes? My advice - get both. I started off with the Normandie, which contains goat cheese, carmelized apple and turkey. My companion started with the Tuscany crêpe which had goat cheese, figs and cured ham. Both were spectacular. The crêpes had a bit of a crunch at the ends and were light and fluffy in the middle. They were piping hot which made the cheese all melty and delicious. I ordered a cappuccino and my friend had an espresso, but we didn't stop there... We also ordered a La Vanille crêpe for a post-brunch sweet treat (to share of course). The la vanille contains creme fraiche, caramel sauce, and vanilla bean and I would've licked the plate clean if that was at all socially acceptable. 
Cafe L'Aube is a true gem in the city. It has a casual simplicity which makes it the type of place where you want to sit for hours and catch up with friends.Great crepes, good coffee and expresso, relaxing environment & really friendly staff. I'm really glad they are in the neighborhood! Oh yeah, and grab a chocolate croissant.This is hands down my favorite coffee shop in Philadelphia.  I go here on Saturdays, and then I go here on Sundays, and then we drink L'Aube coffee at home during the week.
If I could take the food home during the week I would do that too.  The baguettes and crepes are some of, it not the, best in the city.  I have never been disappointed.  My only complaint would be I wish this place was open later so I could get breakfast, lunch and dinner.  
Just look for the bright green building welcoming you in amidst the Fairmount row homes and you will be happy you ventured here.  Oh, and if it is a weekend I will probably see you there!I traveled downtown to Philadelphia for crepes and had this place picked out because of its reviews on Yelp; however, the restaurant did not update their hours on their website.  I arrived 30 minutes after closing.  They have a paper sign hanging in the window, but did not bother to update their business hours on their website.  Also, they may have delicious crepes, but the location leaves a lot to be desired.  It was a pretty scary walk from the subway to this restaurant, especially just to find out they were closed.Just visted this newest location of Café L'Aube here in Fairmount.  The cafe is a larger version of the one on South St. and is brand new.  Eventually he Jean Luc plans to display the art of local artists and will also offer free WiFi.
Stop by and wish him well! He's a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!Cafe L'Aube has been an awesome addition to the neighborhood.  The cafe is cozy, the food delicious and coffee/drinks some of the best I've had in the city.This is a long overdue review but the Prefere crepe is fanastic savory creation stuffed with bacon, leeks, creme, and emmantaler cheese.  It's so flavorful and the crepe itself is light and fluffy.  The coffee is also very good.  Try a cafe au lait with a crepe and just sit, relax, and eat while enjoying the wi fi on your ipad.  The staff are friendly and the cafe itself is tiny but hip with comfortable seating.  If it's crowded, just get a crepe.  Any crepe.  Chances are it will be delectable, especially paired with coffee.Bon appetit!Love the food, love the coffee BUT the owner, while friendly to the customers, treats his employees like SH*T. Really not cool and makes me uncomfortable and not want to hang out and listen to him berate and micro-manage.The real thing. Crêpes, not pancakes. Home roasted coffee. tired of tacos, now you can go to Paris for lunch! Not tourist Paris, but where anyone might go for lunch or a dessert. Of course the coffee cups are bigger than a French tasse!We love it here. We live a couple of blocks away and like to treat ourselves to their selections of coffee, crepes, croissants, and sandwiches. Service is so kind but a bit slow, which is the only reason I rate it a 4. Also, be careful when you order coffee to go- the lids aren't the best fit and you should expect some spillage!
Very kid and dog friendly! Definitely not a place to go if you are cramped for time!Strawberry & Nutella = yummmm! Great place to stop in for brunch! Lots of seating and super friendly staff!!This place is awesome. The owner (Jean-Luc) is the man and remembers everyone's name. Mustafa is there most of the time and he is one of the nicest people I know. I come here all the time and whenever I have company, I bring them here. Best crepes I've had on the east coast, and the coffee is great. To boot, the smell of the place is intoxicating- espresso and butter.Everything takes a while to come out, but if you've got time definitely worth the wait! The place is quiet and you can tell the slow service is because someone really cares about the quality they are putting out (as opposed to SOME coffee shops in the area where I'm pretty sure they just take forever because they hate you). Maybe a little over-priced? No definitely a little over-priced, but that probably keeps people away and I like the quiet coffee shop vibe.
Excellent cappuccino (clearly made with love and LOTS of foam = beautiful and delicious). I want another.
Croque Madame: Alright/most disappointing part of the meal. WAY over-salted/peppered. Like, I gagged status. Scraped off the top, and then it was all good. Totally thought it was made on white sandwich bread (yuck!) until I was most of they way done until I realized it was French bread that was shaped to LOOK LIKE white sandwich bread. WHY??? but whatever. Mixed greens does not equal romaine lettuce, but whatever again! Overall, tasty minus the INTENSE seasoning.
Crepe was delicious, had a few bites of one, next time I will get that instead.
Girl at the counter was super friendly and deserves a raise.Beautiful, peaceful space with LOTS of natural light and reading material. Where better to enjoy a nice, full-bodied espresso? Thanks for the pick-me-up!Best coffee in Fairmount, by far. Terrific food. Not always the fastest, but totally worth the wait.It's a little pricy (like $30 for two sandwiches, coffee, hot chocolate and some scrambled eggs pricy), but the coffee is well-made, the bread tastes and feels the way bread should, and the atmosphere is very chill and inviting. It seems very French to me, but that may be the bread, plus the copies of "Paris March," "Marianne" and "Le Nouvel Observateur" lying around, plus the general languor of the clientele. Recommend.It's a quaint place in Fairmount. Plenty of places to sit and you can easily post-up and do some work here. The tables and chairs could have used a nice wipe down.
Staff: Super friendly and very nice
Food: We got two crepes (Complete and Simple Vegetarian). They were decent, I don't think I'd necessarily go back for the crepes. They weren't filled with yumminess as much as I wanted and the dough/bread or whatever you call it was a little dry.
Drinks: I had a Cafe Au Lait and it was good and strong. 
Giving it 3 stars for a coffee shop and decent food, but not somewhere I would go to just eat.Still amazing. Coffee is okay. I never come for the coffee. I always come for the savory crepes. Don't come here for the coffee. Come here for the crepes.Great staff, great service and great atmosphere. It's got fantastic crepes and sandwiches for super reasonable prices. Its one of my favorite coffee shops and creperies. 
I've also noticed a lot of people doing work or studying. Maybe I should try it out as a study spot next time!Cafe L'Aube is definitely as good as it gets. I had high expectations for a good crepe and they were fully met. For some reason, I had cafe au lait (not my usual), but was turned on to it.  If I'm back, I'll order that again.  I have never been to France, but travelled to Montreal, and believe that this place is better than any of the creperie cafe's I visited there.DISCLAIMER: Review is being written in real time at the establishment. Beware of strong emotions...
So in full representation of the french people, the staff is extremely rude. When the guy opened the door, he avoided eye contact with me like I was Medusa. No greeting nothing. Just TSA...Total Social Avoidance. 
He begrudgingly prepared my latte with almond milk which was mediocre at best. At least he brought it to my table, which was Le Miracle. 
The rudeness abated my appetite and I could give two hoots about their oh so good crepes. I will never come back here again. Oh and the french pastries looked so stale, I didn't dare try it.This place is great! We had super fast service, great coffee and croissants.  I am a cyclist and there was plenty of outdoor seating. Perfect for a post-ride coffee and breakfast!Good coffee and food (brunch). But our food took forever to come to the table. Yummy crepes, nonetheless.Great Morning coffee and a very kewl young lady serving. Great food, great spot, great wifi. Make it your home. Prices are great.$20 for a ok, nothing special, crepe and an Iced tea? No thanks, Not going back.Just like the rating stars description: As good as it gets!
definetily,best coffee in philly! very tasty crepes, fresh pastries and FREE WIFI.I very much enjoyed been there a couiple of hours and of course, a caramel latte and La vanille sweet crepe that i got to treat myself ;) soooo good!!!Before I left Philadelphia to head back to NJ for the second half of my east coast trip, Sue and I decided to get some breakfast.  We wanted something close to where her sister lived and saw that this place was open.  We both like crepes, so what the hell?
Pretty dead on a Monday morning.  To be expected as people do work.  There was one customer in the cafe when we walked in and two staff members.  Took a look at the menu and asked our questions (Emmentaler is Swiss cheese).  I had the La Quebequoise.  Prosciutto cotto, emmentaler, honey crisp apples and maple syrup.  Good combo of sweet and savory.
I get sick of eggs, so crepes are a nice step away from that.Disappointed that mon amour Beauregard-Pierre didn't come fetch me away from Parc last night, I decided to retire early. Naturally, this led to me waking at an absurd hour. So I grabbed a coffee, black, strong and tepid, and watched the sun rise from the wrought iron balcony of my apartment in the 3rd circle.
After staring at the Parisian skyline for several hours, and engrossing myself in Le Petit Prince (we all need a return to the whimsical days of childhood), I set out to find lunch.
Strolling half a mile from ma maison, I stumbled across a creperie. Inside, I discovered a catholic assortment of caffeinated beverages ranging from the expected frothy cappuccino to the unusual Vietnamese Iced Coffee. Already wired from my morning drink, I opted for an unsweetened Black Forest Berry tea. 
With a menu encompassing crepes from the savory to the sweet and a pastry display offering almond croissants, chocolate croissants, French tartes, bagels, and biscotti, I was not without options. In a sprightly healthy mood, I opted for Le Legumes Vegetarian, hold the avocado. Knowing that my French was too broken to continue conversation, the kind man behind the counter asked what I would like to substitute instead of avocado. Delighted, I replied, more leeks please.
And I sat, sipped and waited for my crepe to be delivered to my table. The door jingled, and just as my buckwheat creation was placed before me...in walked Beauregard-Pierre...6'2" with a soft mop of brown hair, strong arms and a charming smile. He lifted his sunglasses, peered at me, strolled over to the counter and ordered: a bolognaise special crepe and an orange juice. 
...and thus Beauregard found me...and I found not only a delicious, crisp buckwheat crepe fat with leeks, spinach, and mushrooms, a tea so fresh and fruity that it were it not for that unsweetened tang, could be confused with juice, but also a fine dining partner and...well, the rest est l'histoire.After I complained to one of my coworkers about the dearth of coffee shops in my area, he suggested I take a visit to his local place Cafe L'Aube. Hidden in the suburban woods of Fairmount, it's a tiny French-style cafe serving coffee, sandwiches, and... gasp, crepes? My kryptonite!
But despite my craving for a lemon-sugar-butter crepe, I opted to be good with a hot chocolate and their Le Flandre sandwich. The price is a bit steep for a hot sandwich, but this isn't your average Subway thing either -- it's hot turkey, crisp tomato, and deliciously runny cheese melted between a good personal-sized baguette. It was all I could do not to cram it in my mouth like a savage. It also comes with a side salad and homemade vinegary dressing which makes one's eyes happily water with the tartness.
It's too bad that I don't live in the area, otherwise I'd be passing by every day just for a quiet sit-down and people-watching through the big windows. However, it's well worth a few turns around the neighbourhood to find parking, just for a good meal here. Can't wait to try their sweet crepes!This is the anti-Mugshots.
The food is good, the service is friendly, the place is clean, it actually has a point of view and spark of creativity, and there is not a damn stroller to be found in the place.
Their coffee is really something special, and served in big, beautiful clear mugs. I had a lamb sausage sandwich that changed my life, and the crepes are solid, too.
I also love the francophone music that plays and the laid-back atmosphere. Two thumbs up, way up.This little cafe is perfect for a quiet morning coffee and snack. Their crepes are delicious but expensive.I was so excited to move a block away from this place, but I have been let down. The house-roasted coffee is ridiculously delicious and I loved it the first day I went. I also got a breakfast crepe (it was okay) and a blueberry muffin that was very good (don't worry- I was sharing, not eating this all myself!) The following day, I stopped by again and they had a sign outside advertising Thai iced coffee. Intrigued, I came inside and saw another sign. It listed ginger, cloves, and other spices with sweetened condensed milk (cue mouth watering). I have had many Thai coffees in my day and loved them all... until this one. The barista made three (one for me and one for each of my companions), and they all looked just like regular iced coffees when she handed them across the bar. Confused, we took them over to the counter of sweeteners and tasted them. They tasted like completely normal coffee, nothing else. I didn't even taste a hint of sugar or spice. I went back to the barista and told her I thought she had misheard the order- we wanted the THAI iced coffees. She said that's what they were and she could add the milk if we wanted (although we had never been given the option before... and what's Thai coffee without sweetened condensed milk?!) So we gave them back and she did something to lighten them up, but they were still so blah. I have even made Thai iced coffee at home and I know it's a process since it's hard to get things to mix into cold brew coffee (so you have to make it ahead of time when the coffee is hot and then cool it down...) but don't openly and repeatedly advertise something that you don't know how to make. I was really disappointed and felt as if the drinks were not worth what we paid for them. I will be back, purely due to location, and solely to drink regular iced coffee.Everything a good coffee shop should be: good rich coffee, a chill environment, and good food options. My new work and coffee spot.This is a great study spot with good coffee and snacks. The last time I came I had an amazing almond croissant. It was perfectly buttery, gooey on the inside, and overall just delicious. I was a little surprised by how much it cost (almost $4 for one croissant), but it was totally worth it! Their coffee is also good. I've only had the hot, but my friend always gets the iced and says it's great too.
They have plenty of seating, and I've always been able to find a spot to sit even on weekends. There are also a few tables out front if you want to soak up some sun. It usually doesn't get too noisy, especially in the back room, so it's a good place to come to get work done. The staff who work here are always really friendly, and they don't mind if you stick around for hours. I would definitely recommend checking this place out!Had an amazing savory (gluten free) crepe here for lunch--the normandie. A fantastic lunch spot, will be back!WOW what a great addition to the neighborhood.  This was a long time coming. The owner and staff could not be nicer and everything on the menu is delicious.  The cappuccinos are top notch, I suck down two with no problem always regretting a didn't get a third.  I go for the metz  when I need an afternoon snack which comes with a small side salad a perfectly made balsamic and mustard dressing. I always enjoy the music and the bright atmosphere.  Treat yourself to the madagascar crepe; you wont be disappoined.I have tasted amazing things from this cafe from my co workers bringing coffee back to work.  I went and decided on a chocolate  croissant. I go back to work and took it out and the bottom was burned black. I watched the sales guy look at and I assumed it was dark because it was chocolate. Not so much. Now I'll never go back to try the crepesSuper disappointed with my experience at Café L'Aube. 
To be honest, Café L'Aube wasn't our first choice for Sunday brunch. We were sitting in Sabrina's waiting for our table when the power blew out. We'd heard good things about Café L'Aube and already had a bottle of champagne ready to BYOB so we figured we'd give it a shot. 
I was a little disappointed to learn we needed to order from the counter versus a server, but that's not a huge deal. I ordered a Normandie and my husband ordered a Le Parisiene without cheese.  We ordered a Madagascar to split. Everything basically went downhill from there.
They were out of turkey for the Normandie but were able to substitute French Ham. No biggie. 
They didn't have OJ for a mimosa so we had to get apple juice. Fine. I double-checked with the girl at the counter if it was cool to BYOB and she said she wasn't sure- she never saw anyone do it before.  Boy did I feel like an alcoholic. I double-checked the Yelp listing and it certainly said BYOB there. 
We took a seat in the back room and I have to admit the room was adorable.
It took quite a bit for our food to come out and by the time it did, I was very underwhelmed by cold, flat crepe. There was barely any filling and it was cold. There was potential with the flavorings but it just wasn't too desirable. They totally messed up my husband's order. I think they gave him a Classique crepe. Le Parisiene did not have mushrooms and the crepe he received totally had mushrooms and lacked the sour cherry spread. He was so hungry at that point, he picked off the mushrooms and just dealt with it. So basically he had a plain ham crepe. 
About 10 minutes later our Madagascar sweet crepe came out. It was the best part of the meal since it was actually warm. It still wasn't overly stuffed either, and I've definitely had better sweet crepes before. 
On our way out, we went to drop a tip in the tip jar and realized we needed to make change. We had to wait several minutes for this, even though there were no other customers waiting to be served. The guy who prepared the crepes asked how everything was. I didn't want to say "not good" so I simply said "ok". He didn't even acknowledge my response. If I just prepared a dish and someone told me it was "ok" I'd want to know why and what I could do better. He just didn't care. 
We also overheard the two employees converse about how they were running out of most ingredients. No wonder our crepes were so meekly filled. 
Still hungry, we decided to move along to another restaurant. I had high hopes for Café L'Aube, but have no interest in giving them a second chance. There are too many good places out there. Two stars go for a cute environment and the food being edible.Jean-Luc is as charismatic as he is personable.  I love going here when they're busy and seeing him and his staff yelling at each other.  Not being sarcastic about that, it really is one of my favorite things about this place.  Maybe that means I had a bad childhood...
Crepes that are made on classic cast iron hot plates. with traditional buckwheat batter, wonderfully and simple. Rich strong coffee, simple atmosphere.  I love this place any time of day.I'm going to violate my usual sandwich method of criticism here, and just start with what I don't like: It's expensive, and it closes earlier than other coffee shops.
Now that I've gotten that out of the way, let's discuss what I love.  The crepes are fantastic.  The combinations are inventive and I have never been disappointed in the product.  I love the complete, quotidien, prefere, and quebecoise.  The quebecoise has maple syrup, ham, and apples.  I love the whole sweet and savory in one dish thing, so this is truly a gem.  
The atmosphere is also lovely.  The windows bring in lots of sunlight, and the whole cafe takes on this really positive vibe as a result.  It's a great way of deluding myself into thinking I'm outside, when really I'm inside weeping over a paper.  It seems that others have a similar opinion - in December, the L'aube was packed with students doing work.
That brings me to my final point.  Jean-Luc is a lovely neighbor.  I live very nearby, and when he first opened I immediately started going in.  He has never forgotten that I was there when no one else knew the place existed.  In December he was roasting coffee beans while I and other students did work.  He sent ALL of us home with a delicious pound of his fresh-roasted coffee.  For free.  He is just so nice and positive, and I love coming in to see him.
Frankly, the only reason I do not literally live in this place is that the food is so good, I always cave and get something.  But because it's pricey and I'm on a fixed income (shakes fist), I can't afford it all the time.  However, it is well worth the price. Between the food and atmosphere, you will not be disappointed.Just here this afternoon, looking for a decent place to do brunch with my sister while visiting her at school.  The food was excellent; I don't think I've ever had a better savory crepe anywhere, and my sister loved the Belgian waffle she ordered.  Coffee was very good; my golden standard is Chestnut Hill Coffee Company, which this wasn't quite up to, but viewed in its own right my latte was more than satisfactory.  What's more, the service was very personable and helpful; the staff noticed that their waffle batter had flattened out when they were starting to fill our order, so someone came over and apologized for the delay, then asked if they should start over on my crepe so everything arrived at once.  Atmosphere was pleasant, and the place wasn't too crowded.  Will definitely be back the next time I'm home on break.Okay I have been feeling a little bad about my 2-star rant about the Thai iced coffee at L'Aube. I do come back here on about a weekly basis to get their regular coffee and I love it. However, with the dropping temperatures, I have recently been switching to hot coffee instead of iced for my morning walk into the city. The new problem? The hot coffee lids do not fit the cups! They look like they're on, but it's not tight enough to create a seal, and I have been spilling coffee all over my hand, forearm, and clothes trying to walk around carrying this coffee. I really want to love this place because the decor is great, it's a block from my house, they're usually pretty friendly, and it's really darn good coffee. Alas, I currently have coffee stains on the cuff of my blazer and I am considering either not returning here, or drinking iced coffee all winter just so I can be sure it won't spill all over me.Killer crepes and coffee. Got sweet and savory crepes and could've easily eaten more because they were so good. 
It was a great place to do work EXCEPT that it must have been 80 degrees in there -- no air conditioning. I had sweat pouring off me and eventually had to leave and work somewhere else. 
I'll definitely come back in the cooler weather to get some work done.According to my 10- year-old, "I said to my mom as we were going I already told you I don't like crepes but when she told me the menu I changed my mind. The crepes were delicious they were so good. After that I changed my mind about crepes."I've been a fan of Jean Luc's for a while now - having frequented the original Cafe L'Aube on South street many a sunday afternoon's.  After a recent 5K I decided to swing by here with some friends to stuff our faces after running a few miles.  It was delicious, as usual.  I will say - I LOVED the space, it's much bigger than his old south street place. Very bright in terms of sunlight, and lovely windows. Seems like a great place to do work / eat. I'd trek here to eat their crepes.  Also - the side walk seating was more than comfortable.  The coffee is delicious, and the food is great. The menu is very varied with a lot of options, and I tried two that I loved - the simple vegetarian and the nutella and strawberry! They were predictably super delicious. I tried my friend's sandwhich, and it was great also. I really recommend going here.i was highly satisfied when i went here this past Sunday.  I ordered the Savoie sandwich and it was delicious.  
I went back there today to order the same sandwich to go and when I got home I was disappointed.  The sandwich has brie on it and the guy made this sandwich with swiss.  It just isn't the same.The crapes were good, but at 10 dollars a pop, expensive to me. They have wi fi nice decorI was looking for a place in my neighborhood with good coffee and wi-fi so I could get some schoolwork done, and this place fit the bill perfectly.  I got some seriously delicious coffee and crepe, and it was quiet enough to get work done all morning.  Also, for those folks who need their laptop to do work, there are plenty of outlets available.If only I did not have this anxiety to have to try every single cafe in philly before revisiting former ones, I would come here very frequently. Unfortunately, this inexplicable hold has resulted in a mere one visit. I did love that visit, though, and the food was so fresh, simple, and delicious.  Lattes and other espresso drinks also good. The cafe allows lots of natural light and is decorated well.
Owners are non-pretentious and quietly friendly.