Pho Bo Vien, Bun Bo Hue, Banh Mi Thit Nuong, and Cha Gio were all delicious! And the staff were super friendly!Authentic Vietnamese restaurant with unique items on the menu that you won't see in any other parts of town. Smells good as soon as you walk through the door. This place takes me right back to my memories of Vietnam. Highly recommend!Absolute hidden gem, everything is homemade fresh daily, quality level: your viet grandma's cooking on the weekend. Come here for their signature dish: Mi Quang, the noodle is delicious (not too hard not too soggy), meat is incredibly tender (slide off the bone tender), strictly fresh shrimp, homemade fishball (you can tell by the shape), and shrimp-based broth which is odd for Mi Quang but they pull it off to perfection. Very clean and tidy place compare to the neighborhood (sketchy Kensington), with that being said only visit this place when the sun is up. Pricing: very reasonable only $9 for a large bowl!. The owner is super nice and friendly, he even gave us changes for street parking for free. 
Last tips: CASH ONLY, delivery available by phone.
And yes, it's so legit that I need to make a yelp page for it.Haven't had such an authentic "mi quang" for a long while. A nice and cozy place on Kensington Ave. Totally a gem. We will definitely come back and try more dishes on their menu.This was seriously sooooo good. It tastes just like home. Even the loud music that they play inside is so authentically Vietnamese. The noodle soup tastes really home made and tasty. They even have those home made dessert thing!!! It was just so good. The portion is great as well. I don't know why people haven't discovered this place, maybe it's just because it's in a remote part of town. It's like a hole on the wall kind of place... how amazingThe most perfect homemade Vietnamese dishes in town. Really really recommend anyone wanna try Vietnamese dishes in Philly. Best best best ever !!!!! I'm considered to be a picky one but this small restaurant beats me up!!!!Total diamond in the rough!  I wandered into this place looking for some new lunch spots.  It had a nice storefront so I thought, "give it a try" and was VERY glad I did.  Super friendly people with a sweet toddler to keep patrons company:)  The food is spectacular, I always get the pho but have seen friends try the other plates and have only heard rave reviews.  Two thumbs up!For the price and quality this location is a hidden gem. The meat is seasoned just right. You do have to pay for parking with metersThis friendly, home-style feel sets this place apart.  Absolutely worth the trip to experience this place.Mi Quang isn't too common in a lot of Vietnamese restaurants and this place lived up to their namesake. Loved their mi Quang and the bun bo hue is a great choice as well. Would highly recommend it!Mi Quang is a central Vietnam specialty dish. While it is virtually absent in most Viet Philly restaurants, the dish is the highlight here. The food is top notch quality and 100% authentic. The service is incredible, you feel exactly like home and the workers do treat you like family. One of the must get item is "banh mi thit do" which is a Viet hoagie with homemade roasted pork. It is served with a cup of sauce made from the pork meat drippings. Do not miss out on the dessert either. Grab the "flan" have it both style, classic with coffee reduction syrup or inside of a Vietnamese-styled jelly. You will be satisfied here. Come and treat yourself!Great unexpected great flavor and friendly staff willing to accommodate. Will definitely be back very soon and more than just once.EXCELLENT: The charbroiled pork with egg roll, vermicelli, & vegetables (bún that nuong, cha giò) & the pho. WOW, the broth is good. I've never eaten at a pho jawn that didn't offer chicken pho/broth as an option, but I will seriously never miss it here.
NOT GOOD: They didn't bring us water with our meal, & when they did, it tasted SO BAD. We couldn't even drink it. I also didn't receive all the fun extra herbs that another reviewer mentioned - not a deal-breaker, but I had been looking forward to it!
EDIT: On later trips, we did receive the full set of "fun extra herbs," though it continued to be inconsistent.This is the perfect lil spot hidden in the hood for great Vietnamese cuisine me and my brother have eaten there twice and both times this place exceeded our expectations we will definitely be going back there to eat again thank you so much Lee!!Great place clean good service food is awsome will definitely recommend and come back it's definitely the diamond in the roughWe came back here after a long break. I have been so busy trying out so many new places and I wanted some comfort food so I came back to Mi Quang again. I didn't think it was possible but it taste even better than before. If you're tired of the same old Vietnamese food like pho or rice then come try this.
Mi quang is central Vietnamese noodle dish with many complex flavor. The dish is composed of shrimps and pork ribs that's been marinated and cooked separately before coming together in the bowl. It also comes with quail eggs and Vietnamese ham. The noodles are flat and very soft yet retains elasticity and does not fall apart. 
Another highlight here is their bun cha Ha Noi, which is a northern dish. It is lemon grass pork and pork patty grilled and is marinated in sweet sweet sauce with scallion oil and daikon radish before coming out to be served with a side of vermicelli noodles and vegetables. The grilled pork has an amazing charred flavor to it. The patty has the texture of a tender meatball and is packed with lemongrass flavor in every bite. If you are here, make sure you get these 2 items first before anything else, make it a priority, they are the best in the east coast!!Had their meat and shrimp Mi Quang 5 days ago and I was craving for it today. Went and pick it up for lunch. Mmmmm. It hit the spot. The food is very consistent. Delicious. Very generous with the fresh veggies and herbs. I get all excited when I get a bag filled with greens. They close at 7pm and I wouldn't make it in time before they close. so I also ordered bun cha ha noi and save it for dinner. Bun cha ha noi good and flavorful.  Vietnamese BBQ yummy. Once again generous with the greens, perfectly cooked noodles, and that delicious dipping fish sauce just like mom's sauce. Love it. Balance!!! Fresh lime. To me, what complete most of the Vietnamese dishes is the dipping fish sauce. From porkchop rice, to Vietnamese pancakes, to summer or spring rolls, to .... I can just eat rice and that sauce alone and it would make a meal. Cafe Mi Quang's dipping fish sauce delicious, spot on. Compares to many other restaurant Mi Quang cooks with love and care. Next time I will try their bun bo hue. I saw some guy eating it today when I was picking up my food and it looks good.Was searching for a vietnamese restaurant on our way to Philadelphia and Yelp suggested this place. I saw a lot of good reviews so we went to check it out and we were not regretting trying out their food.... THE BEST! Definitely authentic vietnamese dishes! The price isnt bad either.The food is delicious! I was there for the first time and was very impressed with the flavors and care taken to prepare their dishes. I had the pork chop with rice that comes with the egg meatloaf side, and this was the tastiest I've ever eaten. My girlfriend had the mi quang, which I haven't seen elsewhere, and it was really flavorful and perfect for a cold day. The spring rolls were perfectly rolled, seasoned, and fried. I definitely recommend this place for a satisfying meal-- as good or better than any Vietnamese food found in Chinatown or on Washington Ave.I don't know how it's supposed to taste like, but supposedly authentic Vietnamese food at this hole-in-the-wall place is delicious and fresh. I'm glad I gave it a try instead of my usual choice in this area (Thahn Thahn cafe for the chicken pho). If I was Vietnamese, this is what I imagine my gma's cooking would taste like. I had Bun Rieu Cua and it tasted homemade and delicious. Broth was on point (for me) although bit on the sweeter-side.
PSA: one of the 3 condiments they give you is diced hot yellow/red peppers. I don't know what kind of peppers they are but they are potent! 1 teaspoonful added to my broth made me sweat a bit. So be careful adding it!This is a little treasure hidden away in a somewhat questionable part of Philadelphia. Vietnamese soup is one of those things I just cannot live without. It has all of the tastes wrapped up into one enticing package. The late Anthony Bourdain describes the joy of Vietnamese soup better than I can. Read his descriptions if you don't know what these soups are about. What I like most about this place is that it goes beyond the Saigon-centric flavors of most Vietnamese restaurants around Philly. When the refugees fled from Vietnam after the war, most were from the south and particularly Saigon. Vietnam is a bigger place than I thought and after going there, I learned that there are substantial variations in the tastes of the food in different places. If you like Vietnamese food, I suggest you go there and try some of the dishes you have not tried before. I think you'll be happy.Update: This spot is now my go-to spot for guests visiting the neighborhood, as well as lunch/dinner meetings with neighborhood partners. I enjoy the bún riêu cua, and I get the báhn mì when I'm looking for something different - but it's their signature dish, mì quāng that brings me back over & over again.First timer at this gem and I tried the Mi Quang with shrimp & pork and it was so delicious! The flavors worked well together, the spices were fantastic, I loved all of the toppings within the dish. I liked the wafer in the bowl. It added an extra crunch and it was a perfect combo. All of the vegetables on the side was plentiful and fresh. I also got Vietnamese iced coffee and it was the best iced coffee EVER. Affordable, extremely clean and comfortable and excellent customer service. Highly recommend this spot. I can't wait to come back!this place was a home run. been craving something different in the realm of vietnamese food and this place is beyond ordinary. super traditional/homestyle flavors - the mi quang is worth getting every time. wide rice noodles cooked perfectly and broth that leaves you wanting to lick the inside of your bowl. the spare ribs, shrimp, and and quail egg are amazing savory additions.
the bun bo hue broth was superb, generous amounts of beef and tendon, and served with thicker vermicelli noodles. everything I wanted and more, I could eat this every day.
the owners were nice and attentive. And despite the off the beaten path location, it was the perfect hole in the wall for a cold snowy day. definitely a new favorite spot on this side of town and would recommend to anyone who's willing to try different vietnamese food beyond the traditional bowl of pho (though it is offered here, I have yet to try it).Reading all these yelp reviews about the amazing mi quang got us super curious and we had to pick some up for dinner. This was our first time trying the mi quang, and it was very enjoyable albeit messy to eat. The bowl of wide egg noodles was served with fresh shrimp, fried chicken, and huge chunks of fishcake. The broth that came in a separate container also had two little quail eggs in them. At $10, this was delicious, good value food, made with fresh, quality ingredients. I only wish the place wasn't so out of the way.This place was great! They have a lot of tasty options available and the people that work there are friendly.The rough exterior should not deter you. If you decide to venture inside your stomach and wallet will thank you.
They are a very traditional, no non-sense Vietnamese restaurant. Limited options but what they have they do it so right. 
I ordered the Bahn Mi which is only $5 w/ tax... are you kidding me?! I'll have 20 to go please.
The bread was the right amount of crunchy/flaky to hold it all together but give when you want. The ingredients were fresh, simple and tasty.
I will be back!!I know in my review for Cafe Diem that they had he best BBH. But I think this place can give it a run for its money! 
We've been here a couple of times, I have yet to try their other dishes but their BBH is top notch. My boyfriend had their Mi Quang, their namesake, and he rates it very high as well. 
Service is also excellent, the owner comes out of his way to check on us every now and then.Nice people. The waiter is the owner, I think. He's very cordial and accommodating. I came in and the restaurant was quiet. All of the sudden it filled up. The owner politely asked me if I would not mind moving to a communal table, instead of taking my bowl of noodles and shove it. Nice!
Small selection of food but everything is made well. I had most of the dishes here. I also recommend the Banh Mi. It's very good.LOVE LOVE LOVE it here! The food is fresh and the people are friendly. I honestly wouldn't come here after dark, but definitely its my go to spot for authentic homemade Viet food.This is a Vietnamese restaurant. I am Vietnamese-American and raised on the cooking of two very picky, very opinionated Vietnamese parents, both with a real axe to grind regarding VN noodles. Suffice to say, I have thoughts on noodles.
Anyway, here, their piece de resistance is, as you may have guessed, mi quang. It's a very traditional noodle dish from Hue (Middle of VN). My grandma makes bang bang mi quang, and this place legitimately rivals her mi quang. Definitely beats my own parents' mi quang. (Don't tell them that, though.) 
Bottom line: Hands down, most authentic VN food you can get in Philly. In the vein of authenticity, it's also cash only, FYI.If you are tired of pho then try Vietnamese other noodles that taste good. Mi Quang here is okay.. not the best but ok. But Don... why 5 stars if it's just okay? Well it's only  place in the Tri state that makes it. So beggars can't be choosersYou've had Pho, awesome, If you're more adventurous, you've had Bun bo Hue.
But to reach the next level in Vietnamese noodle soup is Mi Quang. 
Not many places serve this dish. Because it's hard as ballz to get right.
This place lives up to it's name, because their Mi Quang is heavenly.
Eggrolls are so tasty and filled with meat rather than dough or eggroll skin. 
The banh mi are the bees knees. I get 5 deserts to bring home because I'm stuffed when I am done.
Nothing on washington ave even comes close to this gem in Kensington.
Another amazing thing to see is the number of regular Philadelphians eating there. This place has staked their claim as the best Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been to in the USA, yes even better then Cali or Houston.I visited during a stay at St. Christopher's Children's Hospital. The Pho had by far some of the freshest and most abundant ingredients I've ever eaten. I had the Rice Vermicelli with Shrimp and an order of spring rolls and enjoyed them both, immensely. Was given very fast and friendly service as well. This is a very bright haven on what has been an otherwise dreary day.So what can I say? The pho here is on point. Broth was clean tasting and flavorful, toppings fresh and plentiful, and service was wonderful. The best part for me was getting a chance to taste a different kind of pho. The owner is from central Vietnam and the broth was subtly different, a little more cinnamon and charred ginger flavor from the more common south Vietnamese pho. The addition of thin sliced banana flowers with the traditional herbs and bean sprouts was surprising and a welcome addition too really adding to the dish in a great way. This is definitely a gem on Kensington ave and totally worth the trip. Btw I'm a local and I know some of you all might be a little nervous to visit our neighborhood but really it's filled with amazing people and is quite safe. Just be street smart and enjoy.Easily one of the best bowls of noodle soup I've had in recent memory.
I went with the #1. It comes with sprouts, lettuce, mint, Thai basil on the side. Throw all of that in as it keeps the bowl refreshing. It's a welcome bite of texture and freshness compared to something like a Tonkatsu ramen, which can be a heavy bowl of noodles.Huge portion with all the veg, the toppings, and noodles.
The broth is loaded with flavor. Salty, slightly sour and sweet, and aromatic. It comes with a Spam-like bouncy pork product, flavorful braised pork on bone, shrimp, 2 quail eggs, a sesame rice cracker roasted peanuts, all on top of a bed of wide rice noodles. Be careful with the hot sauce container on the side. It might seem like Sambal, but it's much spicier and I would only recommend 1 small spoonful and you'll be golden.
Incredible value for $9.My Quang is a dish from Central Vietnam so it's pretty rare to find it in most Vietnamese restaurants in the U.S. I am from the north but I love the dish and always had it when I traveled to Da Nang. The My Quang here is really good. The broth is delicious and the ribs are very tender. The number 1 My quang is a must try!I waited to write this review until I experienced Cafe Mi Quang multiple times and had the opportunity to explore the menu. Each time I have visited, I have been increasingly impressed. From the courtesy of the service to the attentive packaging, the Phuong family knows what they are doing. Their incredible flavors have me longing to go back already (and I have a fridge full of leftovers). Thanks to Cafe Mi Quang!Unlike Pho, which is everywhere.... Mi Quang is kind of a difficult dish to find in the Philly area, which has a pretty decently sized Vietnamese population. I was super excited when I saw a restaurant with "Mi Quang" in the name. 
For those new to the "mi quang" scene, it's a central Vietnamese dish with lesser quantity, but more flavorful broth and wide yellow noodles. A piece of sesame cracker is placed on the side for the crunch. The best bowl of mi quang I have ever had was made by a family friend from Hue. My mi quang standards are pretty high so I had to take off a star from this place due to the lack of "depth" in their flavors. Don't get me wrong, the mi quang here is still pretty good, but it lacks the spice level making the flavor profile kind of flat. The noodles were good though with the right chewiness. I had both of their mi quang and recommend the pork over the chicken. The pork was more tender. The chicken was overly fried. 
Overall, I'm so glad Philly has a Mi Quang spot and would gladly recommend this to those wanting to try the dish. The pork and shrimp Mi Quang is a lot better than the chicken. However, nothing beats the Mi Quang from the motherland.When I think to go eat at Cafe Mi Quang, I already have in mind of what I'll be getting. But once I get there, I'm like omgggg i can't decide because I want it all! You really can't go wrong with any of the dishes. Whether you get Mi Quang, Pho, Bun Bo Hue, Bun Rieu, Bun Cha Ha Noi...omg I'm getting hungry thinking about it now. Even the egg rolls came out perfectly cooked and beautifully rolled with love. 
You know it's good food if you force yourself to take a drive to sketchy Kensington area for it, hah. 
Tips:
1. Bring coins. This neighborhood still has coin parking meters. 
2. If you have room for dessert, try their flan and ask to have Vietnamese coffee poured on it. AMAZING!Take out only. No outdoor seating. They installed a plastic wall between the cashier and you. Quick 10 min drive away from downtown. Highly recommend getting the #1S and #4. I like how each noodle dish is accompanied by specific sauces and the protein really differentiates it from other restaurants. Must try the noodles! I tried the bahn mi as well. Though impressed by the soft baguette, not impress by the pork.Omg I found my new favorite Vietnamese spot in Philly. Granted that you can find Viet food anywhere in Philly (legit everywhere lol) this is by far the best in my opinion. Its both SO CHEAP and SO GOOD for the price!! I recommend the #13 with the red sauce. Banh Mi's are a must.Their charbroiled pork banh mi is now my all-time favorite sandwich and I already want to go back and order them in bulk. Bread was perfect! Crunchy and held all the juice nicely. Perfect amount of meat and veggies and I have no idea what the sauce is the put on the side with it, but it's SO good I was even dipping meat from my pho into it. 
Their pho was also perfect! The broth was savory, full of flavor with nice hints of star anise and clove. Great amount of meat and noodles, and they even added tendon for us. :) 
This is definitely our go-to spot; can't wait to go back and try their signature mi quang noodles.Still great. I keep going back and every time -- pure goodness. My family loves what they are doing here. The mi quang, bun bo hue, pho, bahn mi, and anything that involves the egg quiche (good lawd!). 
Keep up the great work!!!!You know that feeling when a place is really good and isn't mainstream yet, and you don't want to write a review so it can stay a hole-in-the-wall, hidden gem? 
That's how I feel about Cafe Mi Quang. 
So, I'll admit it-- Mi Quang is a pretty new Viet dish to me. I've heard whispers about it, but had never tried it or even seen it on a menu. While doing some serious sleuthing for new and affordable restaurants in the Philly area, I came across Cafe Mi Quang. Immediately after reading some reviews and drooling over pictures, it was bookmarked and I was out the door. 
The space is small and clean with a handful of 2-4 seater tables. The menu is small, but surprisingly extensive in the types of dishes they serve. My friend and I ordered the Mi Quang Special and the Bun Rieu. The Bun Rieu was the best I've had in a restaurant (not as good as homemade, but is anything?), and the portion was incredibly generous. 
However, Mi Quang Special was the TRUE STAR. The noodles are wide and tinged yellow from turmeric and they sit in a shallow pool of broth.  The noodles come topped with peanuts and a toasted sesame cracker. The quintessential fresh herbs are on the side. The special comes with their really tasty (maybe even brined?) fried chicken, shrimp, pork roll, spare ribs, and maybe some other items that have escaped my mind. The taste of the broth is hard to explain and honestly, just go try it. It's just delicious. The whole dish warms the heart and soul. 
The perfect meal on that cold and rainy day-- or really, any day. 
CASH ONLY!!!
P.S. My friend and I wanted to go back the very next day...Fresh ingredients and they give you plenty. The soup was so damn good. The garnishes were fresh and thoroughly washed. Highly recommend this location.Easily the best vietnamese restaurant in the city of Philadelphia which is saying alot. You can taste the love they put into the soup here. Just like my grandmom from the motherland. My friends and I go here all the time. The owner and workers here are very friendly and care about their customers. This is not your average vietnamese restaurant. The service is 5 star, the cleanliness is 5 star, the food is 5 star. Another big thing is they don't use much MSG in their food or at all. I am sick of going to vietnamese restaurants that just load up everything with MSG. The trademark dish here is the Mi Quang - broth is flavorful, rich, and unique. This dish is unlike anything I've tasted and it is equipped with shrimp, pork rib bones, all sorts of onions, and a crispy wafer to go with it. The noodles have the perfect texture when it first comes out and you can control how you want the noodles. If you like them a bit chewy like I do, throw in some veggies and bring the noodles on top of the veggies and Viola! Alot of Viet restaurants overcook your noodles so this is a huge plus by giving you the Customer a choice, the POWER! 
The Bun Bo Hue and Bun Rieu are also top notch. Both have flavorful and rich broth that takes hours to make. Highly Recommended. 
IF YA DON'T KNOW.... NOW YOU KNOW!!This is a descent restaurant in philly. Food is pretty good. The restaurant is as small as many other restaurant around. Parking is a big problem coz there is no parking lot but street parking. If you come in the busy day where people take all of the parking lot, you will waste time to find a parking. Another warning is that "this is a cash only place". There were no sign about that until we paid. They said "we take cash only here". Luckily we got some cash with us, otherwise ... 
Customer service was ok. I would give it 1 more star if I can use my credit card to pay for it. No one carry cash around, especially in the downtown.Go on an adventure and you will be rewarded.
Tucked in the heart of K&A, this place is rolling out some of the tastiest, most authentic Vietnamese dishes. I started with the standards for comparison: pho and cha gio, while my non-Viet bf tried their namesake, all washed down with the current reigning favorite cafe sua da in the city.
No cutting corners here. Everything tasted like it was made from scratch by your favorite Vietnamese mom. My only criticism: I'll take regular water over the perfumy iced tea.
Thanks fellow yelpers for the recommendation! Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.Pretty sure this is the only place in Philly where "Mi Quang" - a special noodle from the central part of Vietnam - is served. Coming from the central part of Vietnam, my standard for this dish is pretty high. I had traveled to CA multiple times and tried the Mi Quang there. However, "Mi Quang" from this place is more authentic and more delicious.
I ordered a "Chicken Mi Quang" for the first time and "Pork and Shrimp Mi Quang" for the second time. Visually, it was pretty close to the one I had in Vietnam. The proteins (chicken, pork, shrimp, egg, and Vietnamese sausage) were marinated beautifully. The noodle was chewy. The broth was flavorful, just a bit too salty and bit more than I expected. They gave me plenty of veggies and I was so glad they had the banana flower! 
Would recommend the "Pork and Shrimp Mi Quang" over "Chicken Mi Quang" cuz pork and shrimp are more flavorful. Overall, a great place with a great dish if you want to try Vietnamese noodle other than "Pho" or "Bun bo Hue".First time ordering take out from here and it did not disappoint. Ordered pork mi quang and definitely very tasty. Family said the chicken option is also good. Generous portions for each order. Will definitely be back to try other things. Friendly staff. 
Located in Kensington. Street parking.Delicious. Had shrimp and pork ribs meat mi quang to go for me and pork chop broken rice for my daughter. Mi quang: Noodle cooked just right, al dente.  My daughter got excited when she saw the quail eggs. She loves quail eggs. Pork ribs pack with flavors. Had to close my eyes after I took a bite. They should sell a dish with that pork ribs and rice on its own. I might ask next time. Shrimp good flavor and cooked nicely. For me, the broth could use a bit more flavor,but when you mix everything together it's delicious.  I get excited and feel very lucky to get a bag of fresh vegetables and a bag of crispy chip with roasted peanuts. Gives the noodle dish awesome texture. Pork chop rice: nice size chops and the flavor is different from other restaurants.  Nice. Could use more lemongrass flavor though. Excellent cooked of the rice, not too hard not too soft. Fresh greens and decent pickled carrots. What I love the most was their dipping fish sauce.  I'll definitely ask them can I buy a quart of their sauce and leave it in the fridge.  Love love the flavor. Balance!!! Sweet, sour, spicy, garlic,... etc. just like how my mom makes it. I try to make this sauce many times but can't get the balance right the way mom makes it. I grew up with this sauce. Cafe Mi Quang got it right. Spot on. They use fresh lime instead of vinegar like many other restaurants do. As so as I opened the sauce container I can smell the fresh lime. I can taste the fresh lime. It brought back so many childhood memories. From summer roll to spring roll, Vietnamese pancakes to grill pork with vermicelli noodle and abundance of fresh mix greens. It's out off my way but will definitely come back when I have time. Nice little restaurant. Smart, cosy, and intimate.A solid vietnamese restaurant in my rotation mainly for their mi quang. Fresh herbs and good portion . I typically get the regular as there's a nice variety of flavors from the pork, shrimp, rib and quail egg. Minus one star since they raised the price when I picked up today. Regular used to be $10 and is now $12..the special is $14 I was told by the man who took my order.Really good, homemade food. Not in the nicest part of Philly but all the same, it's worth it. 
Bun bo hue is delicious but not above a 4/5. On occasion there is wayy too much shrimp paste that makes the broth nearly taste sour. Their mi quang is really good, one of the best I've tried in Philla/NJ. 
Their coffee is DELICIOUS. I make Trung Nguyen at home with sua ong tho (the good stuff) but still Cafe Mi Quang's is better. What!?! Also their flan is hands down incredible - especially with some coffee on it (yes - they can do that for you). 
Cash only!
We'll be back every week or so. Great food!Since my first visit, I've tried most of the menu.. and found my favorite bun cha gio, bun bo Hue and mi quang in the city. In fact, I never order pho here anymore, knowing how amazing all the other dishes are.
As my Viet friend said after going from my recommendation "This place is special".  Their family vibe is great, and it's one of the cleanest Vietnamese restaurants I've ever been to. Hopefully, it's cash only policy keeps the "elite" away.I shouldn't need to say too much about the location. This was my first time trying this dish and I was very satisfied considering how often I eat Vietnamese food. The broth was very flavorful and contained a variety of protein. However at $14 a bowl it is hard to justify making the journey back to this famous intersection in Kensington.Absolutely wonderful food. So much flavour, super friendly. Yes it's in a poor part of Kensington, but don't let that fool you. Grab a container of the dried chicken on your way out!We ordered 3 mi quang and 1 bun bo hue. Both are really good. Mi quang is different from what I used to have, lot of broths and some grill meats.  Bun bo hue broths are good and really tase with lemon grass.We've only gone here for the 1S and it's probably the most unique thing you can eat. It's spicy, sour, hearty and just really delicious. Pretty much every type of meat in there too plus shrimp. Super clean restaurant. Cash only.Authentic Viet food tucked in an unexpected neighborhood. This place kept showing up on my recommendations so I decided to check it out when I was craving some bun bo hue. I thought the location was strange since most known Viet restaurants were located in either south philly or northeast. It's located right under SEPTA, between Allegheny and Tioga so the area is quite sketchy. Plenty of metered parking in the front so bring quarters.
Tried the bun bo hue and it was delicious. It has more of a lemongrass flavor compared to Cafe Diem and Cafe Nhan. Portions were HUGE and prices were very reasonable, under $10 for almost everything. The old ladies working there were very kind. Really looking forward to going back to try other dishes like the mi quang.Excellent find in Kensington. I'll start off by saying the five star reviews are the only thing that brought me into this divey looking place on Kensington ave. The owner greeted us as we came in and poured us some nice hot tea right away and handed us menus. We ordered two bowls of pho, one shrimp and one vegetable. I always try it before adding anything to get a good taste of the broth. Both of them were delicious. I then added all the sides and some hot sauce. That's what put it over the top. I had 8 delicious shrimp in mine. My wife's pho was good, but she didn't add anything to it, so i can't hold that against the pho. Overall great meal and great experience. Thanks 
Sincerely 
ChrisMmm, their Mi Quang is pretty delicious. All the meats are very well seasoned and same with the broth. I love getting the special as it has pork, shrimp, chicken, etc. There is never a dull moment with this bowl. For the ones with peanut allergy, it is served with peanuts, so make sure to ask them to hold it. Can't wait to have another bowl! YumGreat good .............gooooooooddddddd 
Beat Vietnamese food in Philly , bun bo hue , bun thit nuong , bun ha Hoi best of the bestOrdered like 5 things from here all were great. 
#3,#5,#6, #7#9 cant go wrong! Don't be shy to ask for more fish sauce! Also love that they are not shy with the lemongrass. Family local spot with authentic vietnamese cooking.Delicious banh mi (I ordered #12, the charbroiled pork). Tasted great and fresh. No dine in, cash only right now (covid times)The food is really good .but The price went up too fast . 4 months it went up 11-14 , every month went up 1 usd for a dishLiterally drive from Bensalem just to eat here great food great service definitely will come againI was so happy to find a place that serves good Mi Quang. It was flavorful and satisfying. Also don't skip on their drinks and desserts. The soy milk, flan and jelly were amazing. 10/10 would come back for more!!I find that some of the best, most authentic, and delicious food is served in some of the most surprising locations. 
Take Cafe Mi Quang. Located, very unassumingly , under the tracks on Kensington Ave. You might steer clear of this place solely because of the location. This would be a mistake. 
I came here based on some good word of mouth, and a belief that if a restaurant succeeds despite being in the worst of locations, that it is the place i want to go. Enter my trip up to good old Kensington with the wife today. 
Cafe Mi Quang did not disappoint. 
We tried three dishes, my wife's staple, Bun Bo Hue, and two recommendations, the mi Quang, and Bun Cha Na Hoi. 
The mi Quang, their namesake, was very good. Really nice noodles, and a generous side of shaved banana flower, chive, mint, herbs, and sprouts. Really nice fresh soft boiled quail eggs as well. Quite tasty. The notes of toasted peanut and banana flower really added a pleasant complexity to this simple dish.
The bun bo hue was even better. One of the top three renditions I've had in the city. Not typical, as the meats and composition were a little different than the ham hock I'm used to, but the tendon was perfect, the broth was excellent, and the sliced beef was fantastic. 
Then there was the bun Na cha hoi. Off the charts. This was without a doubt the highlight. The grilled pork and pork patties were fabulous. The serving of vegetables was massive, and the side of vermicelli perfect...and that sauce the meats, daikon, and carrot were bathing in, oh that sauce...I had already eaten a meals worth of mi Quang, and planned to take the rest of the bun Na cha hoi home...but i just couldn't stop. It was spectacular! I ate every last drop of meat, sauce, and noodles i could get  off the plate and into my mouth. Simply one of the best Vietnamese dishes i have had in or out of Southeast Asia. 
I hear their banh mi and other dishes are good too, and will positively be back to find out. But along with whatever i get, will be an extra order of Bun Na cha hoi, and maybe a second order to go for lunch the next day. 
So, in summation, go. Don't think, just go. And eat.This place is seriously on point with their Mi Quang! Wow!! The broth is so flavorful, but what really amazes me are the toppings. Their chicken, shrimp and pork are seasoned perfectly. Entire time I'm eating, it's Mmm, damn, this is good. My kids like to steal my rice crackers to this dish, so I rarely have any in my soup, but when I do, I like the crisp it provides for the dish. 
If you are looking for a party in your mouth, this is the soup to do it!My favorite viet place In Philly. The menu is quite small but taste is amazing. They have dishes that are hard to find at other viet restaurant. This dish is their signature dish that you can see from the name of the store. It is amazing and very similar to the taste u can get from viet nam. I love this place Bc it is family style and simple just like how the foods are serve abroad. Definitely recommend this place to viet food lover. Make sure u bring cash to pay. It is cash only store. Parking is available on the street with meterI didn't even finish eating my sandwich before stopping to write this review. Had the pork banh mi and the iced coffee, so yummy. One of the best banh mi's I've ever had, prices are amazing for the food. bring cash, they don't take credit cards. I recommend this place !!!! Location is small, only a few tables inside so take out is probably your best bet unless you're able to find a table for dine in.This restaurant is one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in Philadelphia area. My mom's friend knew about this restaurant and recommended to my mom. My mom ordered some take-out for me to try before and I was in love!!!
I love their Mi Quang. They have three kinds of Mi Quang: Special Mi Quang, Shrimp and Pork Mi Quang, and Shrimp and Chicken Mi Quang.
Special Mi Quang has Chicken, Pork Ribs, and Shrimps. And I usually order this one every time I'm there. 
The chicken was fried to golden. It was crispy outside and tender in the inside. I can still taste the sweetness of the meat and the juice when I took a first bite. Omg pork ribs were so soft. When I took a bite, I can feel the meat separate perfectly from the bone!!! 
I also love their crab noodle soup (Bun Rieu). The broth was super flavorful and savory.
I appreciate their herbs and vegetables side dish. They included lots of fresh herbs that lots of restaurants don't offer.
Their Vietnamese hoagies or AKA Banh Mi are the best Banh Mi that I've ever had. I believe they have grilled Pork, Ham, Meat Ball, and Pork Belly. My all time favorite is the Pork Belly. Just like other dishes, the restaurant took their time to prep their banh mi. Banh Mi is fresh and crispy. Pork Belly are flavorful, savory, juicy, tender, and addicting!!! I appreciate the fact that they put the veggies and the sauce on the side, so the banh mi wont get soggy. I love that they place banh mi in a styrofoam container, so your banh mi wont get smashed or squished (which happens very often with other places.) Its the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. 
However, last time I went, I don't see them putting them in those styrofoam boxes anymore :(( sadddd! Please keep the boxes, they make a big difference!
I almost gave up on going to Vietnamese restaurants because they always failed me in the past. I would like a Vietnamese restaurant at the beginning, then after awhile all the restaurants were trying to cut corners and then the quality weren't the same anymore. Consistency is important when it comes to business, especially restaurants. Cafe Mi Quang has kept their quality consistently. Even though it takes me 40' drive to get here, I don't mind as long as the food is great! Please keep up the work, and don't cut corners. Bring the styrofoam boxes back! We love them!Stopped by for late lunch yesterday.  Small hole in the wall type place.  Very clean, super fresh tasting food.  Ordered the Bon Hue with Mi Quang noodles as someone else suggested.  The spice level was spot on for me.  Nice spice, but not overwhelming where I can still taste the various flavors in the mixture.  Always get hot tea, and loved the fact that this is real tea not a lipton tea bag dropped in hot water.  So, yes I will be back to try the crab soup everyone posted about.This was my first time ever going up to this area of Kensington. It's a combination of sad, terrifying, and disgusting. The NYT article about it being the Walmart of heroin is probably spot on.
Anyways, that's what you should know before going here. Cafe Mi Quang was absolutely outrageous. Everything was cheap, delicious, and easily the best Vietnamese I've had...ever.
It's under train tracks. There's a totally destroyed building across the street. But hey, for food this good? Who cares.
The banh mi was delicious. Perfect bread, filling, flavor. The pho was amazing. We tried a bunch of numbers because I can't pronounce most of the menu, and everything was amazing.
Go there now. Park out front so you can see your car the entire time. Gorge yourself on noodles, fried things, and all the delicious noms.