Excellent Italian meal at this neighborhood gem.  I've never experienced such friendly waitstaff.  I saw our waiter address his tables by name and immediately felt transported into the golden days of South Philly. Very much enjoyed the food, especially mushroom soup and burrata salad, both of which were specials that night.  Food was fresh, high quality and healthier options than you might imagine for Italian food.  They were very accommodating and vegetarian friendly.Unfortunately I had to retract my previously glowing review on another site.  I recently was at Caffe Valentino with family for a small celebration dinner. The specials of the day sounded wonderful, but due to dietary and other restrictions, we asked very clearly if there was any pork or other kind of meat in the fusilli & salmon dish. The waiter/owner/manager (not sure which, but it was an older gentleman) said he would find out and went off, presumably to ask the chef. When he returned, he gave a wink and a smile and said "you're covered, no meat". 
When the dinner arrived there was a strong smell of bacon, but we were assured it was just the smoked cheese in the dish. We ate and enjoyed the meal. There were leftovers, so we brought them home and I had them for lunch a couple days later. Again the strong smell of bacon after it came out of the microwave oven. I started picking through the food and found pancetta (in other words, BACON) throughout. It was clear either the waiter didn't ask and just made up an answer, asked and didn't want to lose us ordering "the special" (always a higher price than the regular entrees), or thought we were idiots and wouldn't know the difference. The truth of the matter is we trusted what he said and I guess that makes us idiots for not trusting our noses. 
Regardless of ambiance, service, etc - if you can't trust what you're told is actually being served, you can't trust the restaurant. Also interesting to note the restaurant did not respond to a private message about this. 
If you're vegetarian or have other dietary restrictions, eat here at your own risk.Takeout order messed up!
Pizza had cheese after requesting no cheese (vegan).
Containers mislabeled.
Calamari salad smelled like rotten garbage and was not fresh.
Portions small and overpriced.
Not going back anytime soon.Visiting Philadelphia and this restaurant was suggested for good Italian food. Had dinner and truly enjoyed the experience. Very comfortable surroundings. Clean and pleasant atmosphere. Service was great all around. 
We had veal, a shrimp/scallop pasta special and three meat platter. All food was well prepared and served hot. Each entree was very good. Sauce is also top notch (considering that I usually only like my mom's sauce).
This experience added to my visit to Philadelphia. I recommend it to all and hope to return someday.Went last week with a group of 10 for my birthday. We were seated on the 2nd floor with two other large parties, which was fine. The main entrance of the restaurant is currently under construction and there are no signs directing you where to actually enter. We wound up going through one of the large dining room doors because the main door is blocked by two large potted plants that make it seem you shouldn't use them. So, entering the restaurant was very awkward as we walked right into the dining room amidst many people. The service was pretty spotty since everything was coming from downstairs. Appetizers and entrees were forgotten, servers had to be asked several times to open bottles of wine. The food was good; the garlic mashed potatoes that came with the entrees were my favorite part of the meal.Cafe Valentino is arguably one of the best finds for traditional Italian cuisine in the city. The food is excellent, menu extensive, and includes among other things, homemade pasta, desserts, etc., and great pizza. Everyone is incredibly friendly and welcoming, making every effort to accommodate patrons. Cosimo, Heather, and Sam are downright delightful individuals and a pleasure to see and converse during our visits. Maria, the newest staff member, fits right into the mold.
My wife and I frequent many fine dining establishments throughout the city and elsewhere. Our "go to" place for great "stick to your ribs" Italian food, fun people, and good vino (BYOB) is Cafe Valentino. 
Our friends, family, and colleagues always leave with a smile on their face and a promise to return. As an individual born and raised  in South Philly you should know "if the locals frequent the restaurant, you know its good!!  Buon appetito!
SWI so wanted to like this since it is so convenient, that I went in with very low standards.  And yet somehow, they managed to fall even below them.  The service was very friendly and accommodating.  The food though, which is the most critical factor for a restaurant becoming a neighborhood standby, was dreadful by modern standards.  The linguini alla'amitriciana tasted like Chef Boyardee.  I think even a five year old would find it boring.  I'll gladly trudge on further for a place with more interesting and better food.I feel as though I'd like to say that a lot of my reviews have been very good as of late but it really is because high quality experiences. Last night I revisited Caffe Valentino after a very long time. I had been here in the first month they opened and nothing about the meal was remarkable. However, I was in a conundrum and had to go out to dinner at 4PM on a Tuesday and it had to be a place somewhat near home. I chose this restaurant expecting the standard South Philly BYOB experience, however, I felt this was a step above.
We started with eggplant rollantini, grilled vegetable antipasto (which is the only thing I was able to get a picture of before we descended upon it), and burrata with arugula and cherry tomatoes. Every single appetizer was impressive. The eggplant was sliced so thin and more importantly wasn't over breaded. Now I know you're thinking, how hard could it be to grill vegetables? Well, I assure you I have had over seasoned, over cooked vegetables that are cooked in such a way to hide their lack of freshness. On the contrary, Caffe Valentino's grilled vegetable plate was perfection. It was so good, we actually ordered a second plate to go. Lastly, the burrata was also very high quality and worked very nicely with the fresh arugula, cherry tomatoes and balsamic reduction that accompanied it.
As for the entrees, I was making an effort to cut back on my carbs and ordered the griglata mista which was grilled chicken, pork and sausage. My dish was only underwhelming because it was a bad order. It was good for what it was but I should have gone for something more interesting. Another entree that was ordered was the chicken pizzaiolo which was also exceptional. The flavor and richness of the sauce was very balanced. I would also recommend the chicken Valentino. It was spinach, roasted peppers and Gorgonzola cheese.... Need I say more? A note worth mentioning is that I actually found the side dishes that were served with the entrees were also very good which I find to be a rarity in BYOBs. Usually you find a side of burnt starch and over-oiled green, but here even the string beans kept a nice crunch without being ruined by the chef. 
We didn't get dessert because we were stuffed but I'm thinking we will save room next time.Cafe Valentino is arguably one of the best finds for traditional Italian cuisine in the city. The food is excellent, menu extensive, and includes among other things, homemade pasta, desserts, etc., and great pizza. Everyone is incredibly friendly and welcoming, making every effort to accommodate patrons. Sammy, Tommy, and Barbara are downright delightful individuals and a pleasure to see and converse during our visits. 
My wife and I frequent many fine dining establishments throughout the city and elsewhere. Our "go to" place for great "stick to your ribs" Italian food, fun people, and good vino (BYOB) is Caffe Valentino. 
Our friends, family, and colleagues always leave with a smile on their face and a promise to return. Anyone born and raised in South Philly knows,"if the locals frequent the restaurant, you know its good!!  Buon appetito!Great food and clearly a win as the restaurant was packed. The only reason I am giving Caffe Valentino 4 stars is because of the bread. They need to get homemade bread. Their bread is stale and not good. Everything else is so good. Come on guys!!!I was bordering on 2 stars but we actually went there during the hurrica.......I mean thunderstorm on Saturday night. I had the mussels in white wine and risotto pescatora for dinner. The risotto was undercooked and the mussels were overcooked. The shrimp were really really good. The desert was good also, great cannoli. For $100 for 2 people (with tip) I just expected a little bit more. I honestly believe I will try at least 12 other BYOB's that I haven't been to yet before I return here. I would say if you're in the neighborhood maybe stop in, but don't make a special trip for it.
Bottom line; Average neighborhood BYOB. Nothing stand out great and nothing stand out poor.This is a great spot for your go-to Italian meal.  
It's exactly what I want when I'm looking for the true Italian meal we've all grown up with. 
No bells no whistles no menu items that are a paragraph long to read with words you mumble when ordering because you're not sure how to pronounce. 
Clean, friendly, priced accordingly.I came here on a whim because The Industry was packed for Quizzo.  I wish I would've planned, because this place was a lot fancier than I thought and my family and I were in tee shirts and jeans.  Regardless, it wasn't stuffy or uptight and the staff was super friendly.
The dinner menu is pretty limited: pastas, chicken dishes, and seafood, and everything is pretty pricy.  They had several specials of the day, one of which I opted for (the branzino seasoned lightly in olive oil and other herbs and filleted tableside).  It was FANTASTIC.  The fish was super meaty and tender and cooked to perfection and our table and the adjacent tables watched wide-eyed as our server expertly filleted it.  He was kind enough to ask if there were bones in it, since nobody's perfect.  I only found 1 or 2, but it didn't ruin my experience cause the fish was just that good.
My mom got a flatbread pizza, which I thought was only okay, and the other diners got the chicken parm and the shrimp and clam fra-diavolo, which was spicy and flavorful.
Overall, I was pleased with my meal and the ambience, but the whole place smelled like the brick pizza oven, almost chemical, and it started to get to us towards the end.  I would definitely come back and try a hearty pasta dish and bring a bottle of wine.Café Valentino is a excellent hidden gem in South Philadelphia's Pennsport area. The restuarnt is 2 levels with some outdoor seating depending time and temperature, the building stands out on Moyamensing's corner with its blue / yellow somewhat puzzle design. Their atmosphere is nice and welcoming. The staff are very knowledable about their food, its is a BYOB.
Firstly, I have been to this restaurant many times. I have had almost every dish on their menu, and many of their specials. The food is not over priced as some have hinted. We have never encountered drunk and rowdy patrons. I have had their Chicken Parm, Butterflied Steaks, all their pasta dishes, the mussles all the main dishes are excellent. I will say of all their appetizers I enjoy the meats and cheeses. I have had the Callimari, and am not a huge fan. They have had fried Ravoli's for appetizers that were freshly made and excellent. The first floor is not huge. I'd say it has about 12-15 tables max, its definitely got that small kitchentte feel. There is a 2nd floor which is often open for Valentines day and larger days, its more spread out, with a Baby Grand. We have been there on Valentine's Day where there is often a person playing the piano. Many of the staff are either local residents, or have come over from Italy.
What may drive the price on the customers at times, is the multiple courses which people likely will want to try. We often have an appetizer, dinner, dessert, and often coffee. The one thing I'm not wild about the bread. There's plenty of it, it just seems to vary on what its is, and sometimes we've run into where its stall. Still, total usually runs us around $60 which is what we expect for a good meal, and nice friendly staff. Honestly its worth a trip, this is one of our goto favorite we probably go once a every other month, and rotate what we want through the menu. 
Part of the confusion.. prior to a few years ago, there were actually 2 to my undersatnding, 1 in Pennsport, 1 in Ritten house area. My understanding they had different owners. I only frequented the Pennsport.One of my favs-I go here at least twice a month. Love Heather, Cosimo and Sam-  very neighborhood friendly- food's great, too-This place had a nice atmosphere. Sam was a good server and very knowledgeable, memorized all the specials. The pizza was delicious, and the food was good. Nice and cozy place will definitely return. You get two servers as well which is handy when you want to refill on water. Price is reasonable as well.Excellent service. Friendly staff. Warm feel. The menu may seem limited but every choice is a great one. The cannoli cream is homemade and is one of the best I've had, and I've had plenty. You should go here. AND it's byoLove this spot... so glad it opened just a few blocks from me last year. Brick oven pizza is awesome, as were all the entrees our friends ordered. Prices are decent, considering it's a BYO and the service has been great every time we've been.Dropped in one evening and what a great surprise.   The menu excellent.  Had imported Burata from Italy.   Truly delicious.   The pizza was perfect.   Great toppings, perfect tomato sauce on it and crust very good.   I'll be back!I would do 3 1/2.
The restaurant had only 2 other tables when we walked in at 7:30 on a Saturday night, which surprised me.
Since there were only 3 tables service was not a problem.
The salads were fresh, chilled and fresh so no problems there.
The 2 veal dishes were also good with tender veal and nice sauces. The only drawback was the brocolli that were stone cold. Little surprsing given the few customers and the kitchen wasn't taxed.
On their website they say outdoor seating on their "patio". The patio really consists of sitting on the sidewalk.
All in all for the prices it's a good place. 
They take all cards, and parking is fairly easy to find on the streets around the restaurant.Cute BYOB in my neighborhood. Food is great! I had the pasta with scallops and cream sauce and it was perfect. Cream sauce not too heavy and the scallops done just right. My dissappointment was with the price/serving size. My dish was $20+ and there was only 3 scallops and a small amount of pasta. If you are going to charge me that much then there needs to be more pasta atleast. Service was also slow.We had been to Caffe Valentino a number of times in the past and have always enjoyed the food and the service.  We visited on a Sunday afternoon and the experience was immensely different from previous experience.  The menu was minimal at best.  We ordered the Eggplant Rollatini for starters.  It was cold on the ends, but worse it was frozen in the middle.  I was not even asked why I didn't eat it.  I ordered a pasta dish because well even though I really like pasta, there weren't very many other items that look good enough to order.  The pasta was good, but still not as hot as it should have been and I had to ask for grated cheese.  We noted that they had the pizza oven, so ordered a small pizza to go in case the kids were hungry, (actually we were still hungry because the food was so bad).  We took a look at the pizza when we got home (not far).  It was already cooled off, to be expected, but the crust was burnt!  It was not tasty at all, very bland.  Needless to say we won't return to Caffe Valentino.I hadn't been to Caffe Valentino in years when I decided to take some friends there this weekend.  I was shocked to see the little South Philly BYOB had changed into a neon signed massive restaurant --- the prices had also tripled!!
There was only 1 server in the whole restaurant on a Saturday night and to say that service was slow is a complete understatement!  I ordered the pasta special which was homemade pasta with scallops and shrimp.  The meal cost 22 bucks and came out with 2 scallops and 1 shrimp....what is that?! Why would I pay 22 bucks for this when there are a thousand other tiny byob's in philly that have so much more to offer.
not making the trip to south philly for this overpriced slow service again.We had my sons rehearsal dinner here at caffe Valentino . It was fantastic! The place is beautiful, we had the upstairs room. The food was fantastic. Everyone was raving about it afterwards. It's a byob which is great. Sammy was great to work with planning my dinner and the waiter and waitress were the best. They were so nice and helpful. We were very pleased and enjoyed ourselves and our dinners. I would definitely have another party here in the future and plan to go there for dinner soon! The food was the best!Went here more recently for my youngest sister's 8th grade graduation. We were seated downstairs this time. Food was great as expected and the dining room was actually comfortable,though, it was also a little cooler than the last time I went.  I got fried calamari for an app and a salmon special for my meal which was served with asparagus. I still am noticing issues with the service, though. They can take a little longer than expected when getting things (I.e. the beer I brought in and paid for)and be rushy, still. It's not too much of an issue, but, can be annoying.Amazing!  This evening I had my first experience there, and it was the best Italian I have ever had.  The staff was personable, attentive and friendly.  The food was out of this world, and the atmosphere was intimate and warm. 
I had initially ordered stuffed portobella, however the waiter informed me the mushrooms were not as fresh as the chef would like and they refused to serve me something less than satisfactory.  I was very impressed with the integrity of the restaurant and was blown away by their eggplant lasagna.
 I would suggest this restaurant to anyone.:)I have lived around the corner from Caffe Valentino for a year and a half and somehow never made it here.  Maybe because it doesn't have the buzz of alot of other city BYOB restaurants.  Because of the lack of buzz and the fact that I hadn't even heard my neighbors talking about it I guess I had low expectations.  I was pleasantly surprised when my wife and I decided to stop by. 
We sat outside with our dog and brought a bottle of wine.  The service was attentive but not overbearing.  We received a basket of bread with olive oil upon arrival.  The bread was good and fresh.  The olive oil was fine, but I prefer to have a seasoned dipping oil rather than straight olive oil. 
For entrees, I got the eggplant lasagna my wife got the caprese salad and lobster ravioli.  The caprese salad was good.  The tomatoes were fresh and thick cut.  The mozzarella was very good as well.  Sometimes I find fresh mozzarella to be flavorless, this however was a nice mild cheese which I enjoyed.  The salad also had greens and proscuitto.
The eggplant lasagna was very good, easy on the ricotta but very good.  The sauce and noodles were very good.  My wifes lobster ravioli was very good.  It was spinach ravioli and my wife was a big fan of the dish.  
Price wise the entrees were reasonable.  $13 for the salad, $16 for the lasagna, and $22 for the lobster ravioli.  
I can't say its my favorite restaurant but I did enjoy the food and my experience and while it may not be the the sexy new byo in philly, it was a good experience and I'm sure I'll be back.This is my husband's and my go-to byo. The atmosphere is casual and relaxed. The food is simple but never disappointing. Last visit I had parpadalle with brussel sprouts, pine nuts and Parmesan. It was so light and delicious!  
The waitstaff is always friendly and accommodating.   Now that the weather is nice they have added some outdoors seating.  
My only complaint is that they have gotten a bit pricey recently. Boo.I've always been a fan of this neighborhood (very close to our home) byob - my one complaint had always been that it was not really a place we would bring our kids because of the menu choices/price of entrees... that is all different now that they are serving brick oven pizza!! Awesome for the kids and reasonably priced! 
My go-to dish is the gnocchi with shrimp: GET IT - YUM! It's nice to bring a bottle of wine and eat some good home-cooked Italian and enjoy the service which is attentive without being overbearing. It can get a little pricey if all 4 of us go to dinner and get dessert (the cannoli: GET IT - YUM!) over $100 after tip which is kinda pricey for the hood, but once in awhile it's so nice to walk to a neighborhood spot and have a lovely family dinner.Besides the delicious gnocchi, I loved the complimentary limoncello. Get the cannoli if you're in the mood for something sweet... You won't regret it. Prices= very affordable, waitstaff=accomodating. overall a great dining experience.BEST ITALIAN FOOD
I'VE HAD IN YEARS
This is a best kept secret that I just discovered - tucked away in South Philly is one of the best Italian restaurants in the city. This feels like a family restaurant and eating here we felt like "family."
My buddy and I had a Christmas lunch here and we were truly surprised by the terrific flavors in our meal - the bread was,so fresh it was stteaming. The generous calamari appetizer has a light and crispy coating that is unique and delicious. 
My veal parmesan was superb. What really surprised me was the flavor of the tomato sauce with my pasta - sweet, tomato-intense and without question the best tomato sauce I've had in years. The small clams in my friend's ciopinno were sweet, fresh and plentiful - also with a terrific sauce.
The hit of the meal was the dessert - the best chocolate mousse I've had in years. If it sounds like I'm raving about this meal I AM. If you haven't tried Valentino's Caffe you need to try it soon.I have eaten here twice and both times have been nothing short of wonderful.
The first time going in was slightly confusing, the server would ask questions and I would sit there trying to figure out what he had said without looking like a total idiot. Myself not being used to hearing authentic 'fresh off the boat' Italian accents, and not being such a master of my own English language, I was a little befuddled. However, noticing my obvious confusing the server-taking no offense-respectfully slowed down his question so that I could better understand..."would you like some water?"....ahh...yes. This confusing interaction did not take away from the experience, in fact it added to it. There was something refreshing about eating at an Italian restaurant and having a hard time understanding real Italian accents. 
Again, my knowledge of Italian anything falls fairly short, but the food was amazing. I may not know much, but this wasn't some old run of the mill food you'll get at Maggiano's, or generic plates you'll see at Olive Garden. This was even better than some of the food I have had at smaller places up and down the Italian Market (where I happen to work). I was impressed, and my stomach was pleased.
****NOTE, BYOB, and doesn't charge a corking fee.Went here for an early dinner and was disappointed with the price to quantity ratio. Food was good but for three people the bill was close to $100 for small servings is ridiculous. Waitstaff was friendly and attentive until the restaurant starts to fill up and then we felt forgotten in all the chaos.From the top...  I wanted this to be five stars, I really did.  The wait staff was very attentive and informative.  The waiter helped with the incredibly tough decision between all the great sounding pastas.  Wound up going with Gnocchi with shrimp and pink vodka sauce.  Holy schnikes that was good.  The home made gnocchi was absolutely delicious.  The shrimp was maybe a tad undercooked, but that's just nit picky.  Sauce was delicious too.
Perhaps the biggest downer was the bread.  It was hard, dry and overcooked.  Walking out of the place another table had much better looking bread.  Had their been total bread equity this would have been an easy five.  For the price you can't do much better, and I'm very likely going to be a repeat customer.  Eat with confidence!!Went here on a Friday night with my husband. Ordered a margherita pizza and four cheese gnocchi. It is a BYOB and the Pennsport Beer Bar is across the street. (You can actually order Valentinos food from the Pennsport Beer Bar). Food tasted fresh, the pizza sauce was very tasty with fresh tomatos. The four cheese sauce was fantastic.
We also split a Caesar salad. It was pretty good too.
On top of the delicious food, the service was excellent. We will definitely be going back soon.Cute small spot, though they've since expanded. Food was okay, but the highlight was the tiramisu. Definitely worth going back just for that!First time I went to Valentino, the food was legitimately good. The bread, which must be baked in house, was crumbly and terrible, but I was able to look past this weird, weird anomaly, and enjoy everything brought to the table. Inspired by this previous dining experience, and ignoring a recent report from a friend who said the food was mediocre when he just ate there, I took my sister and brother in law for dinner there last Saturday. To put it bluntly, I was completely embarrassed. On multiple levels.
First off, we only went there because most of our favorites were booked. When we walked in, the cook, who seemed to want to be the host, almost mockingly wished us a good meal, and then said, "well I will be the one cooking it." Okay. Weird, but okay. So we sit down to the expected terrible bread (I had hoped the last time was a fluke),  and it was as bad as expected. I mean seriously, this is some of the worst bread I have had in Philadelphia. It is dry, flaky, dense and bland. Everything Italian table bread should not be. 
The service was good, but we were constantly distracted by the table of women who took the BYO aspect quite seriously, they managed to consume half a fifth of sweet tea vodka, half a fifth of Sambuca, unknown quantities of wine, and all of this before eating. They were incredibility loud, and thoroughly obnoxious, which was only exacerbated by the fact that there was NO ONE ELSE in the place at 7 pm on a Saturday night. Well to make matters worse, we could hardly hear each other at our table, with them sitting on the complete other side of the restaurant, and apparently the staff had not thought out the fact that a party of 8 was coming at 7:30, and so they moved the women (bottles and all) all of the way across the place, directly next to us. At this point, we are sharing the restaurant with the loud, loud, loud drunk women and the party of 8. Seeing the commotion the women were causing, they moved them next to us, and the chef egged them on from behind the hot bar. Awesome. The one woman apologized while her evil step-sisters cackled. Terrible. On to the food! 
So we order calamari to start. It was some of the worst I have had. If you ordered calamari at J and J pizza, this is what you would get. The meat itself was like chewing on a rubber band, the breading was wet with old fryer oil and there was scant a seasoning in sight. The (dare I say) tomato dipping sauce had the consistency of pre-made bloody mary mix, minus the flavor. It was tomato water at it's finest. Okay, I am thinking at this point, the food was good last time, right? Am I losing my mind? Is there some alternate universe where I don't know what tastes good and what doesn't? The entrees will be good, right?
Wrong. The only entree the was even palatable (honestly) was the black ravioli stuffed with crab. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't great or even good. It was okay. However, the sweet potato gnocchi, that last time was light, sweet and savory, came out like a huge porridge bowl of creamed chipped beef, only with bacon and a sprinkling of gnocchi. It was one quarter mediocre gnocchi, and three quarters heavy cream and bacon. There was no hint of sweet potato, and the pancetta was so overwhelming my poor sister could hardly palate the sorry amount of dumplings present in this giant bowl of cholesterol. I went for the veal "Al Prosciutto e Formaggio con Olio Tartufato." Which was supposed to mean "pan seared and topped with prosciutto & melted mozzarella, drizzled with white truffle oil." What it really meant was "unevenly cut and dreadfully over cooked what might have at one point been medallions of veal but in turn became so chewy I didn't eat them, topped with a deli slice of cheese, a bit of chewy, salted pork product, and whoops, someone forgot the truffle oil!" The under cooked potato slices and the half al dente, half raw kale could not save this meal. So sad. Seriously, the times when I haven't finished what I ordered in the last 5 years, you can count on one hand (probably 3 fingers), and if I am paying, then it might just be this one lonely middle finger. I was beyond disappointed, and with all of the options in South Philly alone, I will never, ever, ever go back to Caffe Valentino.Love this Place! So cool that they now added a pizza bar out front! We've been going for a few years now.I went here for dinner on Saturday June 4th. There was a large rat that ran across the dining room. A server swept him up and took him into the kitchen. Today I saw they had multiple health code violations. I won't be back.Charming reasonably priced South Philly BYO.  The bill for appetizers, entrees (including two specials) and dessert came to just over $100 for three people.  Excellent Southern Italian food and lovely presentation.  The caprese salads were stacked and beatiful.  Our smoked mozzarella and crabmeat appetizer was delicious, with a port wine reduction.  The marinated octopus was less exciting -- it needed an acid, like a lemon juice, to add interest.
The menu features a nice mix of classics and and innovation, particularly in the specials, and the meats and fish (I had the branzino, my friend had the veal special with gorgonzola, and my husband had a chicken and pasta dish) were all perfectly prepared.  My only complaint is that the service wasn't all it could be, hence the four stars.My wife and I had our wedding here Saturday night. We were excited to have found a local place reasonably priced for our small family wedding. The night went great up until the bill came. I was charged for 89 dinners when we only had 80 guests. The owner insisted that the kitchen sent out 89, attempted to blame guests for ordering more than one entree, and eventually blamed his own staff. The room was set for 83 people, one guest could not make it and 2 people came for the ceremony but did not have dinner. I tried to explain that seeing as how nobody ate standing up and no extra places were sat, it was completely unreasonable for us to pay for more seats than the room was set for. The owner insisted that the chef said he made 89, so I had to pay for what they cooked. It was incredibly unprofessional when he told his server (who did an outstanding job) that her mistake was costing him money and he would take it out of her tip. He did not actually refund me any of the money. I told him he should not take a dime out of the server's money because he was the owner and it was ultimately his responsibility. He got incredibly defensive and continued to blame his very hard working staff. His manager who told me in person, with the owner present that if we paid cash they would knock off the tax, told me he "never got official permission to do that" and he basically stood by and did nothing to correct the situation. After all was said and done I was overcharged by about 700 dollars. I hope it was worth it for them to make an extra 700 cash and lose a customer and his family for life. I looked forward to spending anniversaries and special occasions there with my wife, but we won't be doing that. I just hope that the staff was not punished by the incredible cheapskate who owns the place. The staff was outstanding and we actually tipped them a little extra on top of the 800 dollar gratuity. The food was also good, so it really is a shame that a wonderful night was jeopardized by the owner's desire to make an extra 700 bucks.The food was awesome.  We had the tiramisu and the chocolate mouse and it was absolutely delicious. My friends had the pizza and they loved it.  Next time we will come for dinner.  We came for coffee and dessert.I wish i could tell you about how good the food is but I was not able to even sit down because they did not honor my open table reservation that they advertised,  advising me that the kitchen was closed. I would tell them to plant their corn early but any place that does not honor a reservation most likely will not be in business much longer.Terrible. First visit was great, second visit was a completely inconsistent experience, one that makes me say, "I warn you, do NOT ever eat there." Let me also say that my (only) 2 visits were within 3 weeks of one another, which means the food should have been of the exact same quality, if not darn close. Not so much.
The fried calamari was flavorless - oh wait, it tasted like an old, dingy roux that was doused in year-old fryer oil and the marinara was less flavorful than the sauce that Chef Boyardee uses with his circular pastas. All 4 of our entrees were complete crap. Literally. Not one of us finished more than 2/3 of what we were given. I'm not even going to describe their horrific-ness.
Sorry to say I'd give it .5 stars if possible - which is unfortunate, considering my first visit would have been rated a 4.Went here on Sunday after my cousin's baptism. We actually reserved the whole 2nd floor dining room for a 1:30 luncheon. The menu was prix fixe. While the food was excellent (my actual meal was the arugula salad with the gnocchi shrimp; cannoli for desert), there were a few issues.
1)The air conditioning felt like it was either off or on a low-intensity setting. It was very warm and I'm usually the type to be freezing while everybody else is comfortable.
2)The service. It was a little slow at times and some of the waiters seemed a little like they were rushing. They would just stand there for a second and just run off before you could make a peep. 
Overall, a positive experience, though.  Would return.I have to say, I was a bit apprehensive about going to Valentino's on my birthday (today) due to the negative reviews I had read. But hubby and I decided to forge ahead and experience it for ourselves and boy, am I ever glad we did! The service was impeccable and the food delectable. We both absolutely loved our dinners. 
I was a bit surprised at the lack of customers for a Saturday night but perhaps people are saving their money for New Year's Eve instead. I certainly hope it's not because of previous negative reviews because if that's the case, you're missing out. Valentino's is a lovely, homey little restaurant that is quite conducive to a romantic and intimate evening.
We started with one of the specials for a shared appetizer--fresh mozzarella atop roasted red peppers, tomatoes and parma proscuitto over spring mix with a balsamic vinaigrette that was brought separately in a little gravy boat. The mozzarella was perfection, as were the peppers (no traces of the charred skin anywhere) and the proscuitto, which had little to no fat on it. The tomatoes were as expected given the winter season. The spring mix was fresh but the highlight was the vinaigrette, which was mixed expertly. Hubby had the seafood special and he couldn't stop raving. Tons of mussels, shrimp, calamari and swordfish (yes, swordfish!) over a bed of penne with a light tomatoey sauce. I tasted both the mussels (sweet and tender, not the least bit chewy) and the swordfish, which neither of us had ever eaten before, and declared his dish a success. I opted for the veal a la Valentino, which consisted of veal topped with gorgonzola, roasted peppers and spinach. I asked for the entree without the spinach, which presented no problem. The veal was tender and tasty and I loved the combination of gorgonzola and roasted peppers. You have to love gorgonzola to love this dish, however, as it's a bit heavy, but I do so no problem there. My entree was served with garlic mashed potatoes that had a hint of pecorino and parmesan cheeses. While it was a tad glutenous, the flavor far outweighed the consistency. There was also a hefty serving of sugar snap peas, which I love and they were cooked perfectly. Hubs and I had decaf coffee and shared a tiramisu for dessert which was one of the best tiramisus I've ever had. Believe me, that's saying a lot as I've had my fair share of that delectable Italian dessert. 
All in all, a smashing success made even better when the waiter removed the cost of the dessert from our bill once he found out we were celebrating my birthday. Now that's customer service! Without the dessert, our bill came to $65, much less than I anticipated given we had two of their specials. Just goes to show you, you shouldn't always rely on other people's opinions, especially when it comes to restaurants. Oh, for the reviewers who complained about the bread, it was so good, we devoured a basket-ful with our appetizer. 'Nuff said.
We will definitely be enjoying the wonderful food at Caffe Valentino's again and if you're smart, you will be too.I was checking out a new neighborhood in Philly (new to me) and came across BYOB Italian restaurant. We were asked if we had reservations (and we didn't) but they were able to provide seating outside. Waitress mentioned that they do take walk-ins but they were busy that night. The pizza was great and the food was ok. The owner provided a free glass of his home-made wine which was decent and really nice. They are opening a Beer establishment across the street in September that will offer beer and sandwiches. It has a front patio that has great potential as an outside seating area so I'll return to give that a try.Below is a comprehensive and honest review from an inside perspective:
The only saving grace of this restaurant is its employees, notably Sam, head server, and its kitchen staff (2 people) who work tirously 7 days and nights per week to ensure the entire restaurant is fed and daily service is a success, which often includes cleaning and dishwashing while cooking.   The loyalty of long term patrons also does much to liven the atmosphere.  The food is tasty but leans toward overpriced.  Most likely because the owners are trying to make up for the fact that they do not profit from liquor sales, which is reasonable.  However, be careful about any add ons or changes to the menu...it will cost you $10 to substitute pasta for veggies and starch, $10 for chicken, $10 for proscuitto or salami, and $6 for shrimp.   Unfortunately, the owner is arrogant and egotistical, with a mightier than thou outlook towards guests and employees alike.   He puts on a nice show at times, but it is all a facade.  He speaks much more than he listens, with no regard for the opinions, suggestions, and feelings of others.  This has led to disgruntled staff and also unhappy guests.  For instance, he will blast house music to the point where it drowns out conversation and guests want to leave, refusing to hear or accept that no ones enjoys this.   One of the restaurant's worst attributes is its neglect in maintenance, with standing water in the kitchen from unfixed plumbing leaks to ongoing pest issues.  Cleanliness is questionable at best, so much so that one of the guests felt the need to hire their own cleaning crew before an event upstairs.  With lack of staff and necessary vendors, its impossible to maintain the restaurant to the standards expected for safe, sanitary, and sufficient conditions.   Also, be careful about visiting during extreme temperatures, as their thermostat in the summer is set to 78-80 degrees, and winter not much better.  But alas, ownership knows best.  So to all those that want to pay a visit, you will most likely receive decent food and have an OK time, but really...at what cost?  You decide.Almost a very good restaurant.  First of all (and this may sound weird) but we got BREAD!! I haven't been served bread before dinner at a restaurant in ages. V. much appreciated.
Now that I got that out of my system, the bruschetta was underwhelming and the fried zucchini just awful. It was cold and limp and when we asked for marinara sauce that came out cold too.
My seafood pasta (dinner special) was pretty good. The lump crab meat was delicious, but the clams were a bit chewy. The homemade squid ink pasta was very tasty, as was the tiramisu dessert.
Overall, an ok experience, and willing to give it another go.I went there with my family to celebrate my birthday. It is a nice cozy restaurant on the corner with nice large windows. There were five of us dining and we all ordered different dishes. Everyone enjoyed the food especially the chicken parm, seafood pasta and fish of the day. We had a lot of laughs with the staff and felt very comfortable there. It is BYOB which was not a problem. They had an ice bucket to chill the wine and we brought our own small cooler of beer. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a nice evening out.Our family had an outstanding dinner. BYOBs are the way to go in Philadelphia. We started off with salads and brick oven pizza for appetizers. Then, some split pasta dishes as we prepared for the main courses. The smells and sounds of fresh food waft throughout the restaurant, along with nice music (lots of Frank Sinatra). For entrees, the home made pasta special was very good. We also feasted on the Chicken Valentino - which was fresh and very tasty. I highly recommend the restaurant for its food and ambience.
One word of caution, however... Check the bill at the end for an automatic tip that might be added without your knowledge. We were a party of six and I'm accustomed to restaurants adding a tip for larger parties, but usually the restaurant posts this on the menu as a standard practice, or the server will mention it upon delivery of the bill. Our bill had a tip added without my knowledge of +23% - which is very high by any standards. Also, the credit card receipt showed the total as a "pre-tip amt." A less careful customer may have inadvertently been a double tipper. Just be careful upon receipt of the bill. Otherwise, the food and total experience was terrific. We will definitely return.I was originally so happy to find this restaurant.  My friends and I were planning a simple wedding for 80 people.  We were looking for a BYOB with an attractive banquet room and decent food.  We thought we had found the perfect place in Caffe Valentino.  
The bride and groom negotiated the price in advance, and were told they would get a discount for paying cash.  The bride, who is a practicing trial attorney, took the time to take thousands of dollars out of the bank in cash after a long day in court.
After the wedding was over, they charged them for 89 people, even though we were only 80.  And they refused to honor the agreement to give a discount for cash payment, meaning the bride's efforts were waisted, and the couple were charged HUNDREDS of dollars more than they had negotiated.  
When they tried to ask for help and explain the situation, the owner of the restaurant was incredibly rude and condescending.  I know that sometimes misunderstandings occur, but as a responsible business owner, one should at least listen to complaints and respond with courtesy.  This man was so unpleasant and impolite, that we almost came to blows.  
Caffe Valentino does not deserve anyone's business.Caffe Valentino's pizza is probably the best in Philly.  And somehow, it actually keeps IMPROVING each time I come by.  It also always smells delicious inside.  Wonderfully Italian.We absolutely love it here. The food is always delicious and Sam, along with the other waitstaff, are the best. So lucky to have this great BYOB with awesome food within walking distance from our house!Love this place. Continue to go back with a large group. They take amazing care of us and everything always tastes great!Went with my boyfriend and old college friend. Nice small, intimate restaurant. Bring your own wine. I had Linguine Pescatore. My boyfriend had a personal pizza, and my friend had gnocchi. We were all happy. My dish did need additional spice, but was well prepared otherwise. My boyfriend was very happy with his pizza with plenty of flavor on a thin crust, and my friend with her dish, as well. We shared a dessert canolli and tiramiso, both of which were excellent. Nice choice.WONDERFUL, fresh, beautifully prepared foods and desserts; lovely atmosphere; over-the-top excellent service.   Wish I lived across the street from it.   Always return; never soon enough.  RRThey don't even deserve one star. All I can say is UNPROFESSIONAL. The person who's supposed to be "in charge" (not sure if it was manager or owner with his awful fake accent) was the absolute worst. He doesn't handle problems or questions, he pawns them off to other workers because apparently he's "too busy" the only experience I've had, was enough to make me never want to go back. No customer service skills, and they do not by any means know the first thing about running a business.I was craving tiramisu one night and came here because it was one of the few restaurants open late. I ended up getting soup and tiramisu. The soup was decent, the tiramisu was ok, both were overpriced. The decor is very nice and romantic and service was decent. I wouldn't come back again just because there are better Italian restaurants in Philly.This was the best place open for lunch in the 5-block radius, until they stopped being open for lunch. Updating Yelp/Google listings to reflect the new work hours would be amazing.DISHONEST. I wish I saw the post of another diner who posted on 3/13/2016. I went to Caffe Valentino at the recommendation of a friend who is a food writer. We had a lovely meal. When it was time for the check, I watched the waiter take 10 minutes to process the check and I started to wonder what he was doing. He dropped the check and it was merely the slip that said "PRE-TIP TOTAL," i.e. where you add the tip and sign (rather than the itemized receipt). I'm no dummy, so I asked for the receipt much to my waiter's chagrin. He fumbled and stammered but eventually produced it. He had added a 21% tip on my bill and clearly hoped I would tip again. I was so pissed at the dishonesty. But guess what? His loss. I am a former waitress and I would have tipped 25-30%. Absolute and total lame move. BEWARE -- it's clearly a scam accepted and encouraged by the owner.NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY!
Came here with a few friends after watching a movie. I regret we didn't check the reviews before we came. Basically the four us ordered appetizers and entrees to share. The server brought an appetizer that he was supposed to bring to our neighboring table. We didn't know so we start eating. The server later told us the dish was a mistake and apologized. We didn't care since it meant free food. Guess what? We were charged for for it when the bill was presented. How could you charge something we didn't order? Yes we ate it but we didn't know it wasn't ours. It was your mistake! We argued but it didn't get anywhere. This was my first time visiting and will be my last.South Philly Italian is a crowded market, but this place stands out. Awesome and fun service, great atmosphere, and surprisingly good entrees. There are many great Italian places in Philly, but Valentino makes them work really hard to get me to stray. Even the table olive oil was superb.
Protip: Come early for a great beer across the street.Fantastic pizza, great employees, and a really nice atmosphere. 
If you go with a large group, try the meat/ cheese/ veggie platter.
It's BYOB, so don't forget the wine. But, if you do there is a beer garden across the street.Got free delivery by calling the restaurant (instead of using a delivery app) during the Coronavirus Pandemic and it was amazing! The food was delicious and was delivered hot and quickly! The price for the amount of and quality of the food was unbeatable! The phone service and delivery driver was so kind and accommodating! Food was servers with free load of Italian bread that was unbelievably warm and fresh! Recommend you take advantage of the free delivery available now to and enjoy your own delicious dinner. We had the 4 cheese pasta, burrata salad, chicken parm, and cannolis!I was originally so happy to find this restaurant.  My friends and I were planning a simple wedding for 80 people.  We were looking for a BYOB with an attractive banquet room and decent food.  We thought we had found the perfect place in Caffe Valentino.  
The bride and groom negotiated the price in advance, and were told they would get a discount for paying cash.  The bride, who is a practicing trial attorney, took the time to take thousands of dollars out of the bank in cash after a long day in court.
After the wedding was over, they charged them for 89 people, even though we were only 80.  And they refused to honor the agreement to give a discount for cash payment, meaning the bride's efforts were waisted, and the couple were charged HUNDREDS of dollars more than they had negotiated.  
When they tried to ask for help and explain the situation, the owner of the restaurant was incredibly rude and condescending.  I know that sometimes misunderstandings occur, but as a responsible business owner, one should at least listen to complaints and respond with courtesy.  This man was so unpleasant and impolite, that we almost came to blows.  
Caffe Valentino does not deserve anyone's business.I went here because it's very close to home, seemed cozy and reasonably priced. My husband and I had dinner on a Saturday night 2 weeks ago. We ordered 2 appetizers (1 of which was a special) and 2 entrees. My husband ordered Veal Marsala and I ordered Chicken Acioto. The waiter mistakenly brought my husband Chicken Marsala and me Veal Acioto. Not a big deal and we probably wouldn't have said anything but the chicken was like rubber. The waiter offered to have his dish remade correctly and we agreed as to not spoil the evening. The dish was ready fairly quickly and was quite good so we continued onto coffee and dessert. The waiter graciously let us know that our 1 dessert and coffees would be complimentary due to the mishap. We were very appreciative and the tiramisu was excellent! Upon receiving our check, we realized that not only were we charged for 2 veal entrees (which we did not order), but my dish which was supposed to be Chicken - was not only more expensive due to the fact it was listed as veal, but it seemed they had charged an additional $10 to the already overpriced item. So what went from a really nice evening w a slight mishap turned into a very souring experience. And I did contact the restaurant via their website and let them know hoping to again salvage the experience because it may very well have been an honest mistake. But still 2 weeks later and no response. Needless to say we will not be returning.FANTASTIC DINING EXPERIENCE!!! Second visit for us neighborhood diners. Our sever, Sam, was awesome which only added to our previous great experience with Tommy. EXCELLENT food with delicious specials every night!! Ricotta stuffed mozzarella served with arugula and grape tomatoes and a balsamic glaze is always a nice special to start with. Carbonara and tartufo entrees were as delicious as expected and hazelnut chocolate and cherry vanilla gelato dessert were perfect toppers. Homemade limoncello offered by the owner was a PERFECT way to end the night. Delicious BYOB definitely worth a try. WILL BE BACK!!!Came here on vacation from Florida and it was amazing five-star dining hiding in a little neighborhood! Sam is an amazing server and made us feel at home. Would definitely come to again and would definitely recommend!!!!!!!!If you are going to go to Caffe Valentino,BEWARE when the friendly waiter says, I will make you an antipasto for the table.  THAT IS THE HOOK.   If you are ten people, you will be charged $13.00 per person.   $130.00 for an antipasto.   I was burned once, but went back last night and it was the same thing.  The only difference is, I knew it.  When I asked about the antipasto they were making for the table (and we were 10 people), he hesitated and said,"ok, I will only make it for 5.  I then said, but I want to know the price.   BEWARE OF THIS.  I BELIEVE THE WAIT STAFF GETS A CUT FROM THIS BECAUSE EVERYONE OF THEIR WAIT STAFF PUSHES IT.  HAD TO GET THIS OFF MY CHEST.  I LOVE TO GO OUT, BUT I DON'T LIKE TO BE RIPPED OFF.  I WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN.Soooo delicious! Restaurant was cozy with great music. Wonderful owners and very entertaining 3 year old daughter who joined us for dinner! We ordered Rocchetti Pasta with a pink sauce with shrimp; it was so good we ordered more. Loved the bread  as well. We will be back to try new things!!Went to a private party of 27 for my uncle's 65th birthday over the weekend in the upstairs room. The guy is somewhat of a local legend in and around south philly--very well liked and the kind of guy who would take the shirt off his back for anyone.
Dinner came out was ok. Not bad, not great. No problem though. We were there to have A good time and did so! We ate, we drank, and we reminisced about our favorite uncle's best moments over his 65 years. 
Seeing as it was his 65th birthday we brought a cake in as permitted by the establishment. We cut the cake, on our own, without any help from staff, and it was delicious. Only problem was, little to our knowledge there is a 90$ cake cutting fee(huh?). Surely this must be a mistake--we bought the cake, brought it in, cut it ourselves, and then valentino's provided us with to go tins--the same tins they would provide for leftover linguine. So we asked for the owner--somewhat flabbergasted, thinking he would understand the absurdity of this all. He proceeded to defend it, charged us the fee, and went on about how it was 11 pm and he wanted to get home to his wife and kids. I get it, but come on man, you are a restaurant owner on a Saturday night... maybe you could have gone home a little sooner if you didn't see the short-sightedness of up-charging a group of 27 fat South Philadelphians. Not a true south Philly cuz.Amazing, it's always a great choice. The food is awesome, everyone in the restaurant treats you like family. I can't say enough good things about this place. I recommend it to anyone and everyone who will listen. The specials are always delicious.BYOB, I hit up the Pennsport Beer Boutique across the street for beer on both of my visits.  
Small and intimate place.  Been here twice and the lunch crowd was very small.
The brick oven pizza is what you come for in my opinion.  I ordered the Portobello Pizza in a personal size.  Fresh Plum Tomato, Portobello mushrooms, Roasted Garlic, Rosemary & Mozzarella.  
A bit pricey and the pizza could have cooked slightly longer, but it was crispy, charred well on the bottom and the cheese was very flavorful.  
The service was prompt and friendly.  I'd come again if I was in the area and ask for the pizza well done.This is a wonderful neighborhood Italian restaurant.  It's been one of my favorites so you may see earlier reviews from me. However, I was there yesterday for the first time since Sam bought the restaurant and also my first dining out experience since COVID-19.  Caffe Valentino did not disappoint! Al fresco dining with 2 of my girlfriends, Sunday afternoon 3 o'clock dinner. Relaxing and delicious!! BYOB! Our waiter was letting us take our time and also making sure we had everything we needed! It was a delightful experience and I'm so glad it was where we picked for our first time out! I'm sure I'll be back again!!This one is tough....  Their food is really good.  My Italian Mom highly approves and was delighted by the quality (she is an amazing cook and also, teacher of culinary arts)  However, small portions+ big prices doesn't work for our  big family.  If we have to order my boys Wawa after dinner, then not worth it.  Too bad, cause it is just a few blocks away, it is pretty and in a neighborhood void of good eating spots.   I'm ok with higher prices at a BYOB, but it better come with enough food for take home boxes.I signed up for Yelp just to leave a 5 star review for Caffe Valentino. The food is authentic and delicious, and is seriously some of the best in Philly. What really sets this place apart from other restaurants in the city is the wait staff. They're simply tremendous. The staff is consistently welcoming, charming, natural, and very informative. I can't say enough good things about this place. Do yourself a favor and check it out!Food was ok, not worth the price tho. Service was not good, that was the main deal breaker.Delicious! One of our favorites in the neighborhood. The service is great and entrees always come out good. The pizza is excellent also. Love that it is byob !!A wonderful BYOB that has some of the best Italian food I had in south Philly. We had the pizza Margherita for appetizer. It was on par with the pizza we had in Napoli.  Our group shared three main courses: shrimp gnocchi wroth vodka sauce,  stuffed manicottiand chicken marsala. They were all delicious, especially the gnocchi. 
The service was excellent and the prices reasonable. We will certainly go back.