Coffee, smoothies, pastries I shouldnt be eating. Sign me up. There is one barrista who makes really cool latte designs...one time she did Hello Kitty for me. They also have board games to play and it's a prime people watching spot.  I am a fan.Excellent staff, great coffee, comfortable atmosphere, DIVINE CUPCAKES!!!! What more can you ask for?greater selection than your average corner coffee shop. due to its location you can see a fair amount of interesting people out of the big windows.It's important to note the significant improvements in Caffeination since Abi has taken over as owner 2 months ago.  Abi makes an effort to be outgoing and friendly with all of his customers.  In addition to being able to choose from different coffee and tea selections, he has started offering "Lassis," a traditional Indian Smoothie.  These drinks are really good and worth checking out!  Caffeination offers the appeal of a quite and comfortable small coffee shop, in which one can chat with a friend or easily get work done.Coffee art is awesome! The barista here can do basically anything!This is a review for the light roast coffee only.  I've been exploring local coffee shops trying to find a coffee that tastes good black.  This was not it.  The taste was slightly burnt and watered-down.I lived across the street from Caffeination for a year and only went once the entire time because there was never a coffee fix so desperate that I couldn't walk a few extra blocks down to Joe, Good Karma, or even DD, Starbucks, or Saxby's. I made the mistake of coming here for breakfast on my way into University City one Sunday morning. I ordered their special end-of-summer vegan drink that was some kind of green tea latte, as well as a bagel with Nutella. The drink was pretty clearly just a mix of soymilk and matcha powder, and the bagel with Nutella was, as expected, nothing extraordinary, but I paid over $7 for this "meal." The two women behind the counter weren't as hostile as what other reviewers have experienced but this is the service industry so you don't get to charge me this much just because you didn't give me stank with my drank.
I usually balk at giving one-star reviews but "Eek! Methinks not." very accurately describes how I feel about this place.Totally obsessed with the latte here.  I don't know what they put in it, but I suspect it's laced with crack cocaine.  I am completely addicted.This place sucked. I came in for breakfast. The coffee had an oily taste to it. I expected a rich flavorful cup. I could have gotten better from Dunkin Donuts.  And I asked for the eggs and cheese on multigrain toast. They gave me hot eggs and cheese on COLD TOAST? Who does that? Not even a warmup. Yea they were friendly but 3 employees standing around chatting and texting . Hmm not professional. And I got this after a 2hr bus ride into Philly. I'm really upset I wasted money here.Staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  (Caffeination is under new management.)  They recommended a chai expresso latte which was fabulous.  You can distinctly taste the chai and the expresso which made for a very yummy drink!  Every drink can be made hot or cold so I tried the cold option which was perfect for the hot day.  I also tried the banana chocolate chip cake which was pretty fresh and tasty.  Highly recommend checking out the cafe.No AC
when you order a small latte they will give it to you in a to go cup even when you tell them you want it for here.
the early grey latte taste like shit, it taste like water and milk. 
charge extra for soy milk
limited outlets
would not come here againThe first thing I noticed about this place was the size; it was huge for a cafe! Inside is even better; I was impressed by the wood work, the design/setup of the whole place, it seemed tranquil and relaxing. 
I ordered a vanilla chai which was decent and a hot chocolate which was pretty good and not watered down like most places. The items were fairly priced ($2.60 for a small chai, $3.00 for a large chocolate). I've been looking for an alternative to Starbucks that makes good chai and now I have one. 
The staff was OK; not rude but not very forward-friendly. So if you're in the area, shopping or whatnot and want a place to unwind for a little bit or meet up with someone, this is a great place to do it.Oddly adorable. Walking in I wasn't quite sure what we would get. This isn't your typical Starbucks or even Peets atmosphere. It reminded me more of a diner. The coffee choices were varied and the food choices seemed decent. I ordered a soy latte and waited. And waited. But in the end it was worth the wait. The lovely barista made me the most adorable and delicious snowman topped latte. I loved it. So cute and fun. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in PHL.After walking past the Rocky statue in front of the Philadelphia Art Museum, hunger overcame me and I stopped by Caffeination to get wifi and find a restaurant on Yelp.
Very happy with the baristas, people watching on the busy corner, good Oregon chai, and excellent music (Death Cab for Cutie).  Wifi is free and password protected.
Ghettotastic ceiling tiles, though.Visited this location since I was looking for a spot to study with Caffeine and wanted to get away from a Starbucks.  There is ample seating with a quiet, well-lit atmosphere.
Many people came through while I was there and whether regulars or first timers, the baristas very very friendly and engaged in conversation.  
Unfortunately, I am a boring plain coffee Drinker so cannot comment of the array of unique drink options they have.  The coffee was good though!Great place for a caffeine fix - I also tried their specialty chai-chino and it was a surprisingly refreshing and unique drink. Staff was extremely friendly and it's great to see some personality in a coffee shop outside of all the chains nowadays.  I'll definitely be dropping by again when I'm in the area for another chai-chino!I don't understand all of the bad reviews for this place. I have been coming here for a while and I have always found everything to be really nice. The staff is friendly and knowledgable. Everything is clean. They have board games to play and the vibe great to reconnect with friends, read or study. 
The food is good, too- remember, you're at a coffee shop, not a restaurant. The name of the place is Caffeination, after all. That should give you some indication as to what their priorities are.  Also, if you've been inside, you've noticed how small the kitchen area is. Given the amount of food they offer, I think they do a good job for what they have to work with.Great coffee and great service!!! Everyone that works there is friendly and the bakery items are good as well. The only downfall is the breakfast sandwiches could use some work but overall, love this place!Typical coffee place, nice service, ok prices, good selection (although i only order tea). One thing to note, laptops at the bar only. They have more rules than the average place, but i guess i understand? The bar is nice though, good view...that is, if you get a seat. 
Oh, and free Wifi!walk in and study the menu while neither barista even bothers to look up from their phones or stand up from their seats? no thank you.I walked in and was awkwardly greeted by three women who stared at me until I felt obliged to order. I asked for a tomato mozzarella Panini on whole wheat and was enthusiastically told, "sure!" After about 10 minutes I was given a puffy whole wheat roll with cold mozzarella, dried oregano and tomato chunks on it. 
A Panini is a pressed sandwich. It's known for its grill marks. Thus, something that is cold, unpressed and unmelted cannot possibly be called a "Panini." 
I took a bite, and the dry oregano that they market as "Italian seasoning" was the only bitter form of taste on the otherwise processed sandwich. All in all, a roll with cheese shouldn't be priced at $8.00 and a cold sandwich shouldn't be called a "Panini."
Save your money and don't eat here.I'm sitting in this cafe right now and enjoying it very much.  
You can get a cup of coffee nearly anywhere in this neighborhood, but there's something different about Caffeination.  I came here for the free wifi, I stayed for the non-judgmental atmosphere (erm, I've been here for quite awhile now and I haven't been kicked out - score).
The owner/server shows that he values the people who come here.  He knows the regulars and even sits and chats with them - way above and beyond any other coffee place I've been to in the city.  
The prices are a little high, but that's to be expected.  However, they're not outrageous like some other places around here that will remain unnamed (for now...).
Might this be my new neighborhood spot?  Perhaps!When I first moved to Philadelphia, I was very excited to see that Caffeination was located right across my building. From outside, the coffee shop seems to embody all the essential traits of an inviting neighborhood coffee shop - tons of tables, quiet atmosphere, board games, etc. However, Caffeination's appearance is VERY deceptive and I would not recommend this place to anybody who likes to frequent coffee shops or appreciates good coffee. 
SERVICE: Over the last two years, Caffeination has made an effort to improve its service. However, the service is still pretty sub-par. The employees are not very friendly and do not make an effort to accommodate customers. The mediocre quality of the service is particularly noticeable in comparison to the excellent service at Good Karma and Joe, both of which are located just a few blocks away from Caffeination. 
ATMOSPHERE: The chairs are uncomfortable and the temperature is way too hot. This place is also pretty strict about the wireless policy. You can only access the wireless for a limited period of time, which is a little annoying. It's not the best place to work because the tables are right next to each other so you can hear everyone's conversation. 
COFFEE: Most importantly, the coffee here is terrible. The coffee is either weak and/or tastes burnt. The pastries also look stale and unappetizing. 
This place also has a $5 minimum for credit cards, which is very irritating. 
I would go to La Colombe, Joe, Good Karma and even Starbucks on 19th over this place.The staff here went out of their way to make a drink with soy in it for me instead of milk. It was amazing. The willingness to help a girl out says a whole big deal. 
My frappe was good! It was a nice place to just sit and chill for awhile on a hot day.Great java, spacious bright ambiance, and a five gallon lid attached to the restroom key kept at the front counter, lest someone steal that bad boy.  Overall, a warm, comfortable, pleasant place to kill a couple of hours on a rainy day for us, between the Mutter Museum and our dinner reservation.
The menu looked simple and tasty too- a nice place to try out a panini if your tummy's a rumblin'.Things I loved about this place:
...
Things I didn't enjoy:
-- Overpriced coffee that is ... eh. Capogiro's makes better coffee that's tastier and a much better price.
-- The attitude! 
Other people have reviewed my exact thoughts: Oppressive & Obnoxious, I'd also add Rude, Awkward, Pretentious, and Silly ... Why? There's a sign that says "No studying allowed at tables..." But what if I like reading a non-fiction book now and again? When we ordered a coffee and didn't want a "coffee card", the barista looked offended and gave us a nasty glare. The peanut butter cookie I had was pretty good, but was starting to get stale. 
I tried really hard to like this place because I love coffee and I liked their name, but I am very sad instead.from 3/31/2012...
Hot drinks!  Great food prices!  Bagel with cream cheese $1.89!Stopped for a quick bite for lunch. I ordered a latte for myself a mozzarella tomato panini for my friend. Not only was the cashier rude, but they charged $1 extra for pesto and .75 for the bread. Who charges extra for bread on a sandwich? The sandwich which was listed as $6.99 ended up being $10. The panini wasn't hot and was mediocre. My latte wasn't even filled to the top and was room temperature. Not coming here again.Cravings be damned, I'm never getting suckered into another $5 latte.Yo this place is terrible. The coffee is bad, and the service is worse. I got the buzz or whatever their proprietary name for the Red Eye is. The girl at the register was annoyed with my presence, as was her colleague. Rather than wasting time and risking carpal tunnel here by cataloguing all of her micro-agressions and macro-sleights, I'll give you this single anecdote that sums up my experience:
Chalkboard without sizes, only prices in a row:
"I'll have the Buzz. Uhh, the $2.45 size--the second size from the left."
"Okay, so if you can look down and to the right, below the chalkboard, you'll see we actually have four cup sizes with names."
Finally got it. Tasted like nescafe mixed with old moldered adobe.
Nah dude.Stopped in when I was visiting Philly. Very nice servers, great cup of chai, very reasonable price.The first thing that stuck out to me was the name. It sums up the coffeehouse's purpose perfectly - to caffeinate all those who seek a tune up in the morning. Better than a Starbucks in my opinion, the setting is trendy and you have many different options as to food and beverages. They have everything from a "Market Street Machiato" to "Jolt Chewing Gum". Great place to people watch and/or surf the web using their free wi-fi service!Average coffee (no better than Starbucks or Dunkin!), but below average service and surprisingly high prices. Not even a good place to sit (limited seating, loud, poor ambiance, etc.)!  They also have a credit card minimum and charge an outrageous amount for a dash of soy. Won't make the mistake of going back again, especially with so many half decent options in the immediate vicinity.Terrible Coffee....and it;s a coffee shop.  The people that work there are nice which is an upside and they have outdoor seating.  I see a lot of people in there so it must do something well but coffee is not one of them.Meh. Just average coffee, there are plenty of other options not far away, try la columbe instead.No frills spot with excellent coffee and a simple but tasty food menu. The atmosphere is pretty quiet; AC didn't seem to be working when we were there on a very hot day, so probably not be the place to park yourself down for a few hours in the summer.Staff is really friendly, coffee is good and the place is usually quiet. Really nice place to work.After stopping at Barnes and Noble on Rittenhouse Square, we headed west on Chestnut, try somewhere different to grab a coffee.  We eventually crossed paths with Caffeination.   I was happy to see that they had frozen drinks on the menu, because it was 90+ and so humid out.  I ordered a green tea frap, which tasted exactly like an extra thick shamrock shake (it was what i was looking for, but i didn't complain).  My lady ordered an iced soy latte, which was on par with other decent iced soy lattes.  
The service was great, and the place was pretty much empty (i guess because so many people resent the time limit they impose).  It doesn't have that "coffee shop" type of feel and it is a bit pricey.  It wasn't good, it wasn't bad, so the next time in the area I will try another option.Stopped in for a non-coffee beverage and wound up with a winner - the Watermelon (non-alc.) mojito (sans simple syrup and it's still very sweet).  4 stars for the great beverage - 2 stars for the icy reception from the (female) barrista.
Again - this place is just OK.Honestly this place gets a bad rap for service. I got a breakfast sandwich (which was DELISH. Bacon egg & cheese on an English muffin) and a latte. My latte was made with nonfat milk (which I didn't ask for) and something was just off about the flavor, but I went back and asked if they could make me one with regular milk, and they did!!! I hate to be that person but I paid like 8$ for this latte & sandwich combo (the bacon was 1.25 extra) and I just love good coffee, so I got up the guts to ask. They are really very nice and I really appreciated them making another. Also, their croissants are delicious. Will probably come back a lot as I live really close by! Just sort of wish they would come up a name that sounds less like a video game...I stopped here when I was visiting Philly and thought it was ok. I didn't notice any rude behavior by the baristas or a sign telling me what I could and couldn't do. Maybe I'm just not observant. Every customer but me was studying quietly. My drink was alright but not the best one I'd ever had and I think the price was reasonable.Won't be back. Ordered a frappe and grilled cheese sandwich. Was supposed to come with a tomato. Ended up being a squashed oily slice of cheese on dry bread. Wasn't that many people in there and I still felt cramped from all the people brushing by us to get into the bathroom. Service was friendly though.Their espresso is very, very tasty, and two shots come in their small latte, which I appreciate.  Great iced americano and fabulous staff!
.  Great iced americano and fabulous staff!The service here was great - the staff is very friendly and on top of things.
I did find the espresso a little bitter and burnt, and the muffin I got honestly tasted like a convenience store packaged muffin.  I have to admit I am a coffee and pastry snob, so maybe my standards are too high.
I recently moved into the area and wanted to check out local spots, but I think La Colombe is still my favorite coffee around here, since there is no Stumptown coffee to be found close by.  And La Colombe has great pastries made with real butter.It's nice but not a holy grail.  They offer soups and a few sandwiches - I kinda wish they had more lunch options as I am not much for coffee drinks.
Very clean and brand new.Very quiet coffee shop with nice range of drinks and food available.The combination of it being quiet, and the great [low-volume] music they played made it perfect for a distractable person like me to get some work done.I like this cafe for a nice cuppa Ethiopian roast. Yum. They have lunches too. I have been here for lunch or just coffee. Now that i have a kindle fire I try to find my free Wi-fi so i can sit on my lunch hour. They have Wi-Fi free for paying customers. Staff is friendly and professional. I prefer going to Indie-coffeehouses over Starbucks if I can....Nothing special, pretty lousy ambiance/decor/interior, especially for center city. My cappuccino was average at best. I don't see a reason to go here with so many better coffee options in the city.3.5.
Disclosures: (1) I don't drink coffee. (2) I'm kind of a tea snob.
Yay:
Friendly staff
Free wifi (just ask for the password when you're at the register)
Decent chai
Good breakfast sandwiches
Chocolate croissants!
Meh:
They use regular old teabags (I think Numi), nothing special
They have a bunch of boardgames... but they charge you a couple bucks to play 'em. Kinda weird.
This is my neighborhood coffee shop, so I come here with some regularity. It's a good place to study or to relax and people-watch through the windows. I do wish they had some good loose-leaf tea (but I wish that about almost everywhere). I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but I'm glad to have it in my hood.Rude counter girl wouldn't allow me to continue to use the internet unless I bought another coffee.  Wont go back, one can only use the internet for an hour and a half.I don't like the service. Period. I was there for Helloy kitty latte. The cashier was not nice at all. I won't go again.Coffee was expensive and not all that good. $1.85 for a 12 oz is a little ridiculous. I'm sure their bread and butter is espresso drinks but I'm not gonna spend $5 on a latte when your drip coffee tastes like it came from a gas station. Also had a weird vibe like an old deli. Not really the kind of place I'd want to hang out and work. Service was friendly so no complaints about that.I just noticed the owner comment. I  am super happy to personally hear that they try o be fair and keep their patrons happy.  On top of that, it is extremely rare (from my own experience) to have a manager/owner to be so receptive to customer feedback.  Most places just give you a generic apology.  
For a manager/owner to approach you with such grace is so awesome to me.  It may not even be their fault, my taste buds have their own problems that even I wish they did not have.    It's a place with good businessman-ship and I love to see them investing to make patrons happy.
Definitely going back now!Worst coffeehouse in Center City. Perhaps in all Philadelphia. The times I have been served, the coffee is both burnt and dilute. The espresso is poor at best, and the knockoff starbucks offerings are even worse.
However, the truly insulting aspect of this joint is that you can stand in line for fifteen minutes and be ignored. I have walked out twice because I spent my entire lunch hour waiting for a simple coffee and bagel.I live very close by and truly wanted to like this place!! After 3 visits I cannot say that I even have a lukewarm liking to it. 
Normally, I just get regular coffee when I'm out and thought the coffee I got was just a bad brew or something. No...their coffee just sucks. WHY!? Why does it taste like bitter, ulcer causing ammonia??
I have traveled all over the world and had my share of coffee from all walks of life-"to the stars" excellent right down to "complimentary" coffee from a hostel...they have the capability and the machines here, HOW is it even possible that the coffee is so bad? 
On my final occasion there I wanted a Misto. They had no clue what it was. I explained it to them and one of the baristas even looked it up online. After making their version of a Misto she handed it to me. Being too hot to drink right away I thanked her, paid, and left. It was vomit in a cup. It was the most vile thing I have ever had. It was NOT worth $1 let alone the $5 they over-charged me. Save yourself and skip over to Joe's or Starbucks.What is this, communist Russia?! Ok seriously, if I'm going to pay you more than Starbucks and your coffees are smaller than Starbucks, the least you could do is not boss me around! Another reviewer said the place was under new mgmt and the bossy signs were taken down... This is untrue. I am still bossed about where I can pour my coffee out to make room for milk, where to put my laptop, and not to touch the door?! Are you kidding me? It's a DOOR!  Buy some Windex and clean it off if you don't want to see fingerprints on it, like the rest of the establishments in the world that have glass doors. Also, you have to ask if you want Splenda or raw sugar. They don't leave it out so people don't steal it. Oh and they have a $5 minimum on credit cards. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars and not 1 is because it's directly across the street from me, and sometimes proximity is key when you really need a caffeine fix. Otherwise I'll be walking the 2-3 blocks to Dunkin' or Starbucks - they may be "the man" but at least they treat me like a human being and I can get as much Splenda there as I want.Caffeination makes it a point to find the "Best of" for each of their offerings. Bagels are always fresh and delicious. Coffee is from an award winning roaster. Great place for both hot summer and cold winter drinks. Staff is friendly, attentive and professional. 
My new favorite hangout!Caffeination is a pretty standard cafe.  It might be hard to get a table.  It's OK.I love this coffee place.  I like coffee, but I LOVE tea and they have my favorites.  The staff is friendly and always having fun.  I have become a regular and will continue to get my drinks from here.Stopped in here for a quick coffee while walking around Philly. This is a pretty nice place with friendly staff and decent prices. The coffee was very good and I would definitely stop in again if I'm in the area.The coffee was excellent. My husband and I both ordered a true machiatto (sp?). This came with 2 shots of espresso and a a dollop of steamed milk. With that we enjoyed some locally made pastries. The selection of pastries were small. The air-conditioner was on the fritz on a very hot day. There were fans to sit by and Windows to look out through. People came and went with their coffee choices. Our espressos revived us to skip out and catch an über across town. I give it a 4 for the excellent coffee in a Starbucks world.Dropped in for the first time today with a few girlfriends, needing something to cool us from the heat.  The place was really nice and the menu very diverse!  Definitely not your typical coffee place with such unique drinks served here.  I had a lychee mojito (virgin) served as a slushie and OMG that was so delicious and refreshing!  Lychee btw is my favorite asian tropical fruit.  My one friend had a candy bar? frappachino with fresh made whipped cream.  She said it was sweet and so good.  My other friend had a red tea frappachino with fresh whipped cream.  It was not that sweet, which she liked.  I also got to taste a matcha green tea frappe, which was like drinking green tea ice cream... yummm!
Looking forward to coming back and trying another yummy concoction!Great location, very good and unique coffee. Solid study spot. The wifi was kind of shotty and kicked me off multiple times. Overall, great place to studyThis place is fantastic!  It is large, bright, and has a wonderfully warm atmosphere.  The staff is always eager to help, and they serve up some of the greatest food I have ever eaten in a coffee shop.  The Yirgacheffe blend they use is amazing, and their prices are unbeatable in this neighborhood.  I also appreciate the wireless internet as sometimes I will go there for lunch and study on my computer while I eat.  The caffeine theme is fun too - those late night study nights are much improved since I discovered Boosta shots!  Thanks for bringing such a unique and extraordinary coffeeshop to this neighborhood!!New staff is very friendly! I've been stopping by here every once in awhile for a few years. under the new management the flavored coffee seems more bland/watered down (less pumps). This has happened the last few times I've stopped in unfortunately.MICROWAVED SOUP! YUCK!
Like many reviewers here, I wanted to like this place. I really did. Alas, I do not. 
I went in for lunch because they had this adorable little sign outside with a picture of a piping hot soup in a cute little bread bowl. On a cold, windy day like today, that's just what I wanted - minus the bread bowl. I ordered the soup, grabbed a bottled water to make my order over $5 to meet their dumb credit card minimum, and waited a few too many minutes for my soup. I thought I kept hearing a microwave ding go of numerous times, which I thought was weird. 
When I got back to my desk to eat my soup, which was not filled up all the way (they left about an inch from the top, which for a cup of soup is a lot of missing soup), my much-desired broccoli and cheese soup tasted like burnt, melted plastic because (and I'm only assuming this since I did not physically see the microwave) they heated up my soup in the to-go container in the microwave, for what seemed like a really long time. I kept hoping each bite would somehow get better, but no, it was just a cup (kind of) full of plastic tasting soup. You can't do that to soup! Moral of the story, Caffeination, find a better way to prepare your soups. 
Many people commented on the staff, also. While I did not experience any world class latte art, I found the two staff members there pleasant but aloof and ill-informed.Good variety of drinks and food. Very friendly staff and cozy ambiance. I wish they opened later and had bigger tables. But overall less crazy and pretentious than some of the other cafes in town.First of all, service was extremely unfriendly which is a huge red flag considering the amount of coffee competition in this part of the city. 
Inside is stale and uncomfortable. 
Coffee was OK. Smoothie was ALL SUGAR? I didn't see a single piece of fruit put into it. Not going back.I'll always have a soft spot for this place because on New Year's Day, 2010, they were open unlike La Colombe which was closed.
The staff is friendly. The have a nice selection of bottled drinks. The food is average.
Probably the best thing about this place is that it's on a corner. You get sunlight from both sides.Stopped on a whim. Was looking for some caffeine close to the Mutter Museum. Ample seating, quiet. Indoor and outdoor seating. I ordered a large dark roast red eye, which is REALLY good. Bold and strong, as I enjoy my coffee. It sort of reminds me of Starbucks for some reason, except with larger sizes and better coffee. The guy at the counter was friendly. 
I will say that if you check in here, Yelp will offer you a free flavor shot. However, that coupon is not honored. I was informed that the establishment is under new ownership. The cashier was apologetic about it, But it really wasn't a big deal. I still got my flavor shot. The manager did sit in the corner with nothing to say about it. I didn't care, but I could definitely see other people giving that kid some hell over it.I moved to an apartment a block and a half away about 6 months ago. This place is on the way to the Trader Joe's and around the corner from the post office, so I was   delighted. Then I went in. Whoever is at the register will avoid making eye contact, then mumble the order. I asked for one kind of muffin and ended up with something else in the bag they handed me. I thought: so much for tis place. About a month later I decided to give Caffeination a second chance. Who knows, maybe it was me? Maybe it was the day? This time there were 2 of them at the register and neither wanted to be bothered waiting on a customer. Finally one of them condescended to ask what I wanted. Which was a medium coffee. Then I stood there for 10 minutes waiting for it. Nothing. Finally I reminded them that I had paid for a cup of coffee some time back and with a big huff, someone poured and handed it to me. I thought: whoever owns this place is actually paying people to treat customers like this? Amazing.This place has everything I would expect out of a coffee shop.  They have great coffee, very delicious food, and a wonderful atmosphere.  I stopped in the other day because I was in the area and really liked the catchy name.  I ordered a latte, an egg & cheese on a bagel w/ ham, and a croissant.  They were all fantastic and couldn't imagine getting anything of that quality at a Dunkin Donuts or Starbucks.  I would definitely recommend this place to anybody who may be in the area.It's a nice place to have a quiet conversation or study. However, their food is over priced and they lack accommodation for the mistakes they make. For example, I ordered a small iced soy chai. However, the girl at the register thought I wanted a warm chai. As I corrected the barista who I also think is the manager, she said that they told her warm and it costs extra for the regular iced drink. Given there is a $5 minimum on credit card, I was not going to buy more items to accommodate for the original biscotti I had to purchase to make the initial $5 minimum. So, instead of them being kind to replace the drink they initially messed up, I was stuck with a small soy chai which lacked flavor, wasn't completely filled, and a biscotti that I didn't even want.
Ps - I also purchased a $7.99 grilled cheese when I first arrived that same visit which was very small for the price I paid. A cheap bag of chips does not equate to the unjust uplift in price.
Not coming back unless I have to.It's close by the breakfast and dessert is decent. They are little pricey and  I don't care for the attitude. Businesses need to realize good customer service,with a smile goes a long way.  I won't be going back.Almost skipped this place because the average review was low but the latte is pretty badly the best I've had since being in philly (few days). No frills place but very good coffee, good selection of bagels and suchWonderful coffee shop with great coffee and yummy chai latte. They have loose leaf tea instead of that bagged stuff they serve at other places. Great warm atmosphere. My kids loved the food and said it was much better than Starbucks. Would definitely recommend and will definitely go back and try their other drinks.Sitting here and rushing to finish this review before my 1 hour allotted wifi is up.
It's a convenient location for those of us too lazy to walk the blocks further into Rittenhouse square. 
The latte I am enjoying is decent and their food selections are abundant & varied but I cannot comment on the taste as I only caffeinate here. 
There is a decent amount of seating but they are fairly stringent about having laptops work on the counter & their free wifi is limited to one hour so I would not choose this location to do work esp if it requires a computer.
A good place to drop by and grab a cup or meet a friend for a chat.I love this place.  I visited Philly once with a friend who was a student at UPenn and we stopped in.  I had a cute latte with a smiley face on top, s'mores, and we even played a game of checkers.  I'm visiting this weekend with a friend and have stopping by Caffeination on our To Do list.  Can't wait :-).Mediocre food, service, and setting.
This place is okay, I wouldn't go back. I got a soup, which tasted a lot like canned soup. The server was unfriendly. They have a lot of different syrups.This is like an off brand Starbucks with BETTER coffee. I love this place. I got the Irish Creme latte and it was pure perfection. I'd HIGHLY recommend going to this place. 
Quick and fast service and made right in front of you...like most coffee shops lol.