After reading about the phenomenal review on yelp, I decided I must try it. I went this morning around 10am, no wait, which was great. It is tucked away in the first floor of an apartment/loft complex. Parking for Estelle is minimal, they have about 5 spots total for customers. So, we parked on street (note: must pay meter via coins, no kiosk booth to pay via card. Yes, you must pay even on a Sunday).
The food was simply bland, dry, and a tad unedible. And I am not saying this because I already have a breakfast place I am loyal to. I had a bacon/egg/cheese sandwich. You can get it on their own roll (aka dry thick sour dough like bread) or bagel. I could only eat half of it. I was amazed -how can you mess up a breakfast sandwich? The eggs were not fluffy, and they added some weird herb to it to give it an "off" taste. There were two small pieces of bacon, and barely any cheese on it. All together, I'd rate a 1.
My date got the beet, cheese, onion omelet. It came with homefries, with his were in need of some serious seasoning, and wheat toast, which was literally was like eating grains. He did enjoy his coffee though. Coffee situation was odd though. Although we had a server, you had to go up to the counter to pour your own. Not necessarily a negative, just different. Have to give props for having unique omelet options, such as trying to use beets. But the eclectic ingredients in the end do not make a good end product. I will not be returning here.Wonderful brunch spot that gets overlooked because of its location.
Great food, reasonable prices, and usually no wait for a table.There are certain things I love in life.  Dogs, running, the possibility of happiness, a damn good cup of coffee and Cafe Estelle.  I really love this place- It is one of my favorite brunch places in the entire city-  Friendly staff, endless coffee from the coffee bar- fresh squeezed OJ *I've actually seen it in action*, yummy food, good music- and just an overall happy feeling when I go there.  My favorite thing on the menu is the breakfast salad- I'd eat that everyday if I could-  (and almost do- I'm there a lot!)  The food is consistently good, and they have specials on their menu that are always amazing-  Their attitude there is amazing too- if something isn't just right with your food- speak up!- let them know and the correct it immediately without fuss-  
Things I recommend-
Breakfast salad
French Toast 
Croque Madame
Yogurt with granola and fruit
Tip:! Get there earlyish on the weekends (10 am or wait till 1:30-2) otherwise you are in for a wait!  This place gets hoppin'! It's all good though, even if you have to wait, there a bunch of chairs in the lobby of the building that you can chill in , and (this is great if you're a dog lover) you also get to watch the building's residents go in and out with their dogs! (Bulldogs, sheep dogs, shar pei, whippets- every dog!)
love it, live it, eat it- xxCafeEstellexx 4 LifeI just tried Cafe Estelle for the first time last weekend and loved it!  Our waiter was full of energy and just super pleasant and knowledgeable.  I definitely plan to go back.
Some things I loved:
1. Coffee bar -- They have a do-it-yourself coffee bar with four kinds of coffee (including one decaf).  Plus, if you want, you can take a cup to go when you leave.
2. Great food -- I got the Eggs Benny which was topped with some of the best Hollandaise I've ever had.  Among the other diners, one got the breakfast pizza, another got the stuffed french toast, and another got the sticky bun.  They were all really pleased.
3. Hot sauce choices (including Sriracha and Tabasco)
4. Yummy, moist carrot cake
5. Pay at the counter -- I actually LOVE pay-at-the-counter for two major reasons: they are willing to split the check; it's fast.  However, when my friends and I went to pay at the counter, it was a slightly different story.  Read more about that below.
Some things I didn't like:
1. Not good for groups -- We were a party of 6 and they sat us at what had been a table for 4.  While I didn't mind being squeezed in with people, I know some of the bigger people at our table did.  Plus, the tables were uneven, i.e. one table was a couple of inches higher than the other, and I was sitting in the crack of the two tables.  My Eggs Benny, though delicious, were served on a rectangular plate, so I had a really hard time eating b/c of the hugely uneven tables.
2. Customer favoritism -- As I say above, I love pay-at-the-counter, but even though my friends and I were waiting in line to pay, some guy who had ordered take-out came in and was allowed to butt in front of us, seemingly because he was friends with the cashier.  This seems like a small thing, but after waiting in a long line to pay, it was majorly insulting to be shown that if you know the cashier, you don't have to wait in line AND you can get in front of other customers.
Overall, I definitely recommend trying this place, but beware of certain non-food-related things that come off as customer-unfriendly.In search of a brunch place we haven't been to yet, I checked out Yelp this morning and decided to try Estelle. You'd never really think to go there passing by since it's on the ground floor of the 444 Lofts on 4th Street, but I'm glad we did.
Since we got there on the earlier side for Sunday brunch (10:30am), we were seated right away with no wait. It was great - fresh, homemade, and one-of-a-kind brunch options in a laid back, café-like atmosphere.
The breakfast pizza was amazing, the shirred eggs were good (but definitely on the smaller side), and the sticky buns..yum! Estelle uses all organic & locally grown ingredients, too..if you're into that. The staff is super friendly, too.
Final thoughts...
Good, quality brunch in a laid-back location where you can easily find parking. Would definitely come back!I can't honestly write a full review, because I have never dined here, however I am upset about the little experience we did have. My sister and I tried to go here for brunch a few weekends ago. I called in the morning to find out when they were open until and they said until 4. We spent the morning running errands and headed over late, but around 3. We even called twice on the way there for directions. When we got there we were told we couldn't be seated because the kitchen had closed. I was quite upset, because we took a cab here and it is definitely off the beaten path. I also couldn't figure out why if they were closing they wouldn't tell me over the phone when I called asking for directions. The menu looks great, but I am a bit disgruntled so I don't know I will ever get to find out.OKAY.
This place, makes me want to change ALLLL my other 5 star ratings to 3's. Bar, you have been raised.
I cannot begin to explain how fantastic EVERYTHING is. And let me tell you, I've tried damn near half their menu.
If it is available when you go, get the apple-cinnamon cream cheese stuffed french toast. I promise you won't need a drop of syrup (even though they give you thee best syrup on the planet) or anything else to eat. 
Unless of course you are possessed (that's stronger than obsessed, right?) with bacon. In which case you HAVE to eat(not try, eat) the house-cured and smoked bacon. I had two orders of it.I've been meaning to review Cafe Estelle for awhile, but I have not been here in a while.
Cafe Estelle is wonderful.  It is a decent size cafe on the first floor of a loft building that has way too many dogs.  They offer fresh and local fare where everyone can find something they like on the menu .
I'm writing this review because they have some of the BEST SCRAMBLED EGGS I've ever had (besides my own ;-) ).  They put some type of herbs and spices in them that give them a nice flavor, but not too overpowering.  These eggs are also great on their breakfast sandwiches.  In fact, if you're hungry and in a rush they also offer take-out and these breakfast sandwiches make the perfect morning take-out meal.  
There is also a wide selection of delicious coffees and teas.  The owner is super sweet and will refill your tea to-go cup on the house :-). 
Tip:  Also a BYOB (so bring your champagne for Mimosas and vodka for Bloddy Marys)Went back last Sunday for brunch, decided to try something eggy. To compliment the Eggs Jessica Tandy from our last visit, I had the Eggs Hume Cronyn. My plate was practically cleared the second they laid the plate down. The poached eggs were delicious, the tomato hollandaise was an excellent touch, and the potatoes played their part with great zest. The coffee selection was solid, and I'm still impressed by by the options for milk and sweeteners.
My gf got a stuffed french toast with sausage and cheese, something I originally thought was against nature. One bite proved me otherwise. I may get it myself next time.
Official 5 star upgrade. Can't wait to go back.After hearing so many good things and having a friend who works here, I finally got in for brunch, and it was good. I had the Breakfast Pizza and loved every bite. It was covered in hash browns, bacon, and an over easy egg. My girlfriend got the french toast stuffed with bacon cream cheese. Now that was an interesting dish! I liked it a lot, it was just a tad heavy on the bacon (that is something I never thought I'd say). I also give them props for serving "real" stuffed french toast. They didn't just put toppings on a single piece of french toast and stick another piece on top of that; they actually stuffed the pieces of french toast. This is something most places don't take the time to do. We also got their house made scrapple, which was the best I've had. My mom got eggs with sausage (how boring), but it did give me a chance to try the hash browns, pretty good, and the house made sausage which was also great. I also loved the size of the coffee cups they give you, but they make you get your own. Another bonus is that they give you a to go cup when you pay. I assume as a mild suggestion not to hog up the tables for other people waiting, which is a great idea. I wish someone would have suggested it, cause I did sit there finishing my coffee, hogging up a table. The place is pretty small and you will definitely have a little bit of a wait on weekends (we waited 15 mins when they told us 30). It was great solid brunch spot that I will surely be visiting again.Yum! Always looking for new spots for brunch, tried it here and it was great! Got the French toast and it was so thick and delicious and came with a scoop of homemade ice cream, yum. Wait staff was friendly, coffee self serve and freshly brewed and tasty. Problem is parking, limited on the street and none in the private lot it sits in.Good lord this place is delicious. Its the best brunch in the city, I think.
The cinnamon bun is like crack.  
Everything is fresh and tasty and the service is quick and friendly.  Its also BYOB.  And if you somehow forget about this and just order the bloody mary thinking it has booze in it but then it doesn't, they'll even give you some to-go cups so you can add your vodka when you get home.
The location is funky, but I don't care.  The food makes up for everything.had a delightful brunch here today. i had french toast. hubby had steak and eggs.  loved the coffee options. the my french toast was a little soggy but delicious.  my husband's steak was small but tasty.  i thought the smoked turkey was like lunchmeat scrambled in a frying pan - but that was the only thing i didn't like.
 waitstaff was friendly and helpful.  my husband doesn't like eggs and they gladly substituted for him.  i also like the whole sustainability theme. i don't really know what that is but it sounds good to me.
i don't like the way they do the check. but i guess you can always ask them to go over it with you. but it does seem kind of sneaky.
overall an enjoyable experience.  would come back again.I really enjoy this place, kinda like a go to for brunch. There aren't many places where the service is consistently great, but everyone who works here just seems so calm and nice!  House cured meats are wonderful and the organic/fair-trade aspects are awesome.  I've only ate off their brunch menu (great eggs, bacon, coffee cake, cinnamon rolls mmm) but would love to try some of their to-go sandwiches!this place was worth the venture from south philly to northern liberties for! the servers were awesome and the food was amazing. we had 2 unique brunch items plus that heavenly sticky yummy cinnamon bun! we can't wait to go back and try more of the dishes they offer!Super cute restaurant, great food and service.  Wish I could live the building it was attached to...I'd go everyday!I'm fond of taking friends here for breakfast. None of them would have ever found it on their own, really, because it's practically hidden. It has a parking lot, for all you drivers, but bicyclists might have a hard time finding anything to lock up to.
Honestly I started coming here more when Honey's wait was too long, because it's just down the street a few blocks and the food is every bit as amazing. The place has quickly grown on me in it's own right, from the pour-it-yourself coffee, which offers variety and endless refilling to the servers who have consistently been friendly and efficient, even when it gets busy. 
They have a really laid back environment, and whoever picks the music has good taste. Sometimes you'll see families with kids, which normally irritates me but they have a box of toys in the corner and everyone in my experience tends to be well behaved. Another fun fact: they do food to go, and don't give you any crap whatsoever about splitting checks. They also always make it clear that even though you've finished eating, you're free to hang out and drink some more coffee, a fact I've always appreciated.
And the food: so. damn. good. My last meal there was pistachio and date pancakes which were out of this world. My companion had some kind of pumpkin creme stuffed french toast, which was almost too perfect looking and tasted wonderful.  I always grab a side of the homefries, too, which are well spiced and perfect with absolutely everything. I always leave feeling full and happy, and I highly recommend you try it too.One of my coworkers received a gift certificate to Cafe Estelle for Christmas so we went for Lunch. I will start by saying we loved the atmosphere! Its very bright and welcoming (once your already seated). When you walk in however its a little awkward but once we were seated it was fine...the menu is just ok...the food is just ok i actually went last week and don't really remember what i had...This was a free lunch and i wouldn't brag that it was great....I will say however that their cookies ROCKED!!! For the price and the food i would recommend going elsewhere!Living only a hop and a skip away from Honey's, it is a little ridiculous to see how large the brunch crowds can get even quite early on a weekend morning. Frankly it amazes me that more people are not rushing over to indulge in the aromatic deliciousness that is Cafe Estelle.
But really, I am pretty okay with that. I rather enjoy being able to stroll in on Saturday morning and not be asked to wait 90 minutes. It is also nice to not have to remember to bring along a wad of cash, as this establishment fortunately accepts credit, unlike it's viscous counterpart. But let's focus back on the food. Oh, the food!
There is little I wouldn't do just to be able to catch a whiff of the shirred eggs. The truffle flavor is well infused and the eggs are silky and perfectly done. The stuffed french toast (of any variety) is also fantastic (I am still not sure how this is even possible to make), though some can find it to be too sweet. The breakfast pizza is beautiful, and the runny egg on top is a spectacular touch, but I'd say it can sometimes look better than it tastes (which is still good!).
The real knock-you-clean-off-your-socks thing though is the sticky bun. My sister, a self-proclaimed sticky bun snob who previously swore by the Penn State Sticky, even conceded that this is the best one you will ever eat in your entire life. Don't cheat yourself by opting out.
And bring vodka! Bloody Mary's for all!!My favorite neighborhood spot when I need breakfast or lunch when I need to eat something good and not wait in line for it.  This joint does get to be pretty jumpin' at peak times and for good reason--the food is fairly priced, high-quality and consistently delicious.  Estelle gets my vote for best brunch in Philadelphia because they walk the thin line between sophistication and swagger without having to pile everything but the "kitchen sink" onto your plate.
The chef puts locally-sourced seasonal ingredients to their highest and best use (this is where I tried ramps for the very first time) and works wonders with house made meats such like sausage and scrapple.
Most of the time you don't need to look any further than the specials menu when deciding what to eat.  On a recent visit, I had pancakes with marcona almonds and candied orange zest that I can't stop thinking about.  Even the standard pancakes are some of the best I've had.  Omelettes are always overflowing with seasonal ingredients and served with well-seasoned potatoes and toast.  For lunch, don't miss the Nicoise salad which is perfectly balanced and incredibly fresh everytime.
The coffee service is another huge perk - - You serve yourself, have 3 or 4 options to choose from and when you're ready to leave they give you a to-go cup so you can keep riding the buzz well into the afternoon.  Finally, the human service is always spot-on as well.  The staff is friendly, unpretentious and very informed about the menu.
Get yourself to Estelle, but don't even think about sitting at Table 21.I picked this place for bday brunch and it was a trek to get there!  It's in a condo/apt building walking distance from the Spring Garden subway station (on the market/frankfurt line).  We walked in and it seemed a little industrial/plain but there was a nice vibe.  We got there around 10am on Easter Sunday and there was no wait.  We ordered coffee which is self serve with 3 regular options + a decaf option (organic and fair trade for those of you that care).  Its nice to not have to wait for them to notice your coffee cup is empty and to get to try different kinds of coffee, but I also really like the "service" aspect of going out to eat so this was neither a positive nor a negative for me.  We had planned on ordering the peach cream cheese filled french toast, but alas, it wasn't on the menu :(  So we ordered the date and walnut cream cheese stuffed french toast and an order of the regular french toast in case I didn't love the date and walnut filling.  Also went with a side of potatoes.  
It all came out fairly quickly and it was yummy.  The regular french toast comes with ice cream which was really good.  We both took a slice of both and I almost wish we had just done two orders of the stuffed because it was really good.  The potatoes were fine, nothing special, I didn't even finish them which is odd for me.  We finally finished and when you pay, you get a to go coffee cup (I'm assuming you need to order coffee during the meal for that?) which is a really nice feature and bumped them up to that 4th star.  
We won't be regulars, but I think we'll take a trip back sometime before leaving Philly this fall to try out their eggs.I stopped into Cafe Estelle last Saturday morning for breakfast.  An out-of-town friend was in town for the day, so a group of us decided to meet for breakfast.  We walked in and were seated promptly.  
Our waiter was very friendly, helpful and attentive.  In fact, everyone was.  Our waiter gave us great food suggestions...three out of four of us opted for the apple stuffed french toast.  I also ordered a side of the homemade pork sausage and a cup of berry tea.  Everything was very good!  The french toast could have been a little warmer, but I was so hungry that I didn't bother sending it back.  Despite it being cooler than I would have liked, it was really good,and very filling.  They gave me (and everyone else who'd ordered it) two HUGE pieces (which probably added up to about four pieces of bread total...but when you're ordering stuffed french toast for breakfast, who's counting calories?), and I was only able to finish one.  The sausage was good too, kinda spicy and very savory.
Will I go back?  Sure!  This place is small, but the food is good and so is the service!What the french toast!  This place is super cute, and the food is very good.  Service is always friendly, and I love the fact that i can have a cup of joe while waiting for my table.  It makes the wait more bearable and my boyfriend can tolerate my morning grogginess since he is occupied with a cup of coffee as well.  I highly recommend the croque madam, egg and cheese on home baked bun, and the cinnamon bun.  Their specialty coffee drinks (cappuccino & latte) are really top notch.  I love me my soy lattes and theirs is the best in the city.  Actually, IN THE WORLD!  Ok not, but I assure you that you will be impressed!I heart this place. It has that industrial yet homey atmosphere. Twice I got the shirred eggs...delish in a dish! Fresh squeezed oj is pure sunshine in a cup. Little wait on a weekend, none on weekdays! Loved the semi spicy seasoned potatoes. Coffee cup they give you to go is always a plus. This is a no brainer choice. Plus isn't honey's getting to be old news, lol.Though nice on the inside, walking up to Cafe Estelle is weird... If someone didn't tell you it was there, or you didn't read about where it is you'd have no clue it was there considering its on the ground floor of a huge apartment complex and you have to walk through a large partking lot to get to it.
My friends are obsessed with Cafe Estelle and as a result I've been there 4 times in the last handful of months... I can't say that I understand why its their favorite place.  The coffee is decent, yeah, and the let you take more home in a to go cup when you leave for free, yeah... but the food isn't that great in my opinion.  I've tried their version of eggs Benedict, french toast, omelets... Good, but nothing really to warrant my friends obsessions!  Sure, their food is deeeeecent and in a tiny town you'd be like 'whoa this is awesome'  But lets get real, we live in philly, we're food snobs and you're up against some of the most tasty places ever.  Cafe Estelle just doesn't hold up to the competition in my opinion.What a great experience! I did Sunday brunch here with a friend and have nothing but good things to say about it. The service was good, the waitress was very polite and helpful. The environment was good, though small, but the opportunity to wait in the sanctity of the lobby was great.
The coffee bar was a great touch for someone who can't do a lot of caffeine but would like to go 70/30 decaf. The Roasted Leek Frittata was tasty and the mixed greens on top were very tasty, but not as good as the piece of Breakfast Pizza I had off my friend's plate. The sticky bun was smaller than expected but the amazing frosting with vanilla bean speckles much made up for it's small size.Thoughts on Café Estelle's Tasting Menu Dinner May 23, 2011
We sat at a table surrounded by strangers who all came together because they share something in common...a love of food. No one comes to a seven course tasting meal to grab a bite to eat. They came for a food experience, to try something new, a pea marshmallow for example, or orgasmic ricotta stuffed ravioli with lemon honey beurre blanc, or perhaps it was the crunchy crab cake in a puddle of chilled asparagus soup. Whatever the reason, I think it is safe to say that the crowd was more than pleased with the experience. The food was incredible! Each element of the seven courses was so thought out and paired perfectly with its plate-mates. One of my favorite things about sitting with that group of strangers was to hear their reactions and comments as they first saw and then tasted each course. There was laughing, fist-banging,"ooo-ing, aahh-ing, mmm-ing" and friendly but serious threats to steal the food off the plate of the person who happened to be absent from their seat for a moment. As I looked around, I found myself wondering when was the last time I saw a group of 22 adults all smiling and enjoying themselves and their food so immensely? It was three hours of sheer culinary pleasure, a truly delightful experience, a wonderful date with my husband and a night that  I will not soon forget. I look forward to seeing some of these dinning acquaintances in the future because I know that I will not be the only one returning to Café Estelle for another fabulous meal.The perfect place for lunch - it's bright, spacious and the service and food are great. I love the decor (kinda shabby chic country-ish without looking at all like Cracker Barrel) and there is plenty to choose from on the menu, from fresh soups (yum gazpacho!) to sandwiches and salads. 
After reading all these great reviews about the breakfast, I know that will be my next morning stop!Cafe Estelle is just north of downtown Philadelphia, located on the ground floor of a condo/loft building. Recommended to us by a server at a swank downtown restaurant. Definitely not a location frequented by tourists, which is what we (as tourists) like. Kind of a cool and hip industrial decor. The website indicates that much of the food is local and organic. We did the Sunday brunch, which has lots of things with a slightly different twist. Food is great, very reasonably priced, and the staff was very friendly. Definitely recommend.Nothing beats yummy healthy food and impeccable service, and that is Cafe Estelle!  From the moment you walk through the door you are immediately greeted to a table and paying at the counter is always a great touch!  My favorites at Cafe Estelle are the turkey panini, the quiches, and they always have terrific soup options.  A great place to go for brunch and week day lunch.  Their $3.5 breakfast sandwich is a great buy, filling and made on a homemade bun!  Cafe Estelle also has hands down the best coffee in the city, I always take home a bag of Smokey Cafe after eating there.  The coffee is organic and free trade!Only visited the one time but boy am I a fan! Everything is done well. The location is sort of in the middle of nowhere but there is plenty of parking nearby and the waiting area is inside so in comparison to all the other hot brunch spots (Sabrina's, Morning Glory, Honeys, etc.) it's definitely the warmest place in town.
The whole coffee bar situation is a bit of a kerfuffle in some ways but the truth is that you really only need to get one cup of coffee in the beginning of the meal. The mugs they give you are huge and you get a to-go cup when you leave so between the two you still end up with close to 4 cups of coffee (perfectly sufficient in my opinion). Also, it offers a variety of coffees which is nice and that includes a decaf option (which my friend was pleased to be able to use for a version of a half caff).
The menu is quite large for the weekend brunch and there were about 5 options I need to try next time I go back. In the end I ordered the breakfast pizza because I had seen a picture of it on the website and it looked amazing. Of course I assumed that the photo-op version would be far superior to what I would actually be given but in reality it was an identical twin. So good. Thin crust pizza topped with breakfast potatoes and bacon then covered in provolone cheese and topped with three fried eggs (over medium please), It was the hit of the morning for sure and another diner even came over to ask what it was because it looked so good. Good choice, Kathryn!
My friend ordered the leek, potato, ricotta cheese and sausage frittata with side greens and it was also awesome. The leeks added this perfect taste I wouldn't have expected and it was just wonderful. Although it might have been just a tad dry so maybe it was a little low on ricotta.
Of course we had to end the meal by splitting the house-made sticky bun. It was topped in a vanilla bean frosting and was oh so yummy. A little overkill on the sugar but what would you expect?
Other pluses to Cafe Estelle were the fact that they didn't rush us in the slightest even though we were there talking for close to an hour and a half and it was Sunday morning. Also, you pay at the end up at the counter and it means easy bill splitting. The to-go cup of coffee needs a second mention as I have always thought that was an easy extra step for businesses to take that they rarely do.
I will definitely be returning in the extreme near future for the bloody mary pitchers and for a truly fabulous brunch.Fantastic alternative to Honey's Sit N' Eat, and there is usually no to a little wait. One of my favorite hungover sunday brunch spots in the city. If you have not tried you must do so, if you enjoy breakfast that is...After years of looking down upon Brunch as "pretentious" , I'm starting to become a true convert. I mean, how could I stay mad at a meal that is equal parts steak, eggs, bacon, pizza and alcohol?
Ill start by saying that regarding my company for the afternoon, we could have brunched at McDonald's on McRibs and the experience would have been sublime. Instead, this fearsome foursome got to eat at one of the city's best bruncheries in Cafe Estelle.
Through Yelp, Ive heard of countless horror stories about getting a Table for Brunch throughout the city. Most involve the phrase, " first born son" or " not a chance in hell". So you can imagine my surprise when we were sat within minutes ( This was around noon, I'm guessing 7-11 are the peak hours).
The menu was eclectic and promising. It was hard to choose but my body almost instinctively said " Steak and Eggs!" when pressed to order. We all shared a Sticky bun and partook of some of the best tag teamed Screwdrivers( the OJ was amazing) and Bloody Marys the city has to offer.
The steak and Eggs didn't disappoint. Everything was cooked perfectly and the combo of the meal plus hash browns and toast was heavenly. The consensus from all involved was that Cafe Estelle was a winner.
I'm not sure how my ever expanding figure will take to adding another meal to the Itinerary, but Brunch needs to make the cut. Maybe Ill just have to cut out Second Dinner and Midnight Breakfast. It only seems fair.We had been reading the reviews for Cafe Estelle for quite some time before we actually tried it. As avid yelpers, my boyfriend and I have been to just about every top 10 brunch place, and we feel differently about all of them. We're much more Sabrina's or Carmen's people, than Honeys or anywhere in Rittenhouse. That being said the first time we went to Cafe Estelle I was a bit dubious about what to expect. I don't trust the reviews, because just because 9 out of 10 people like it doesn't always mean we're going to love it. [exposition done]
That being said, our first experience at Cafe Estelle was superb. We were there at brunch o'clock on a Saturday and there was a small wait. Seriously I doubt we waited more than 5 minutes and they got us seated. Our server was friendly and quick, and even before we met our server, the hostess asked us if we wanted coffee, brought us mugs pointed us to the help yourself coffee bar of organic fair trade brews, and soy milk and raw sugar for your fixings. And I was like "I think I'm in love". 
Seriously, this was back in June. I haven't been yelping this summer, but if you'd like to know what I have been doing, primarily, it's brunching at Cafe Estelle, this place has gone from hesitation to top 5 places we're eating in Philadelphia. Reasons? well there are probably too many. But let me list some.
- great specials
- very different french toast, it is unlike anyone's in philly, and it's delicious and changes weekly. I'm not sure how to describe it. I feel like they might make their own bread, or somehow bake the stuffing, into the batter for the bread?  it's like delicious cornmeal-y and I almost feel like he french toast is like made with the stuffing in it instead of sliced in? i'm not sure how to describe it. I think i've got to just ask some time, however- you'll like it. My bf has it often, most recently it was like peaches, cranberry, and ricotta, the weekend before lemon, something else (blueberry?) and ricotta. The weekend I had it ( i know right?) mine had like cheddar and bacon in it? it's out of this world, and very different, and quite appetizing. 
- intriguing egg specials
- mission statement
-super friendly staff
-if you go before 10 it might just be the staff and you. and who doesn't love beating the crowd? (I do, even if i'm hung over beyond moving, I can get motivated to throw myself in the car if I don't have to be near people and get delicious brunch, I'm a hermit sometimes- DEAL WITH IT)
- the coffee bar. No stingy waiting trying to get your waitresses attention, it's there! go get it! and soy milk on the coffee bar! and raw sugar! and I love their chipped mismatched HUGE mugs. It makes me feel like I'm at home and actually bought coffee for once. and someone made it. delightful x 87
I've said enough. But seriously. this place is great. and sometimes, if you time it right or go early, you can even park in their parking lot for free. and that's what's up.The food here was okay. I don't think it was anything great/spectacular. But here is my schpill-
1) Do NOT, I repeat, Do NOT get the breakfast pizza. It was basically all the potatoes made in  Idaho in the past 5months stuffed on YOUR pizza. Not cool and def NOT what you expected. The pancetta was like 5 pieces scatter neither here nor there. After the first slice, I had to question myself "why are you eating? why?" Good question, so I raised my hand and had them take it back. Instead I got the regular pizza with the ranch dressing thingy. That was okay.
At least they asked if I wanted something else. So that I was happy about.
My friend got the ricotta stuffed french toast. She liked it, I thought it was aight. Again, nothing that rocked my socks. My friend got another item that looked good and she offered me a bite but i declined. I rather leave "thinking" it tasted as good as it looked than taste it and having it taste just okay.
The serving is enough to fill you tho. 
Maybe it was the weather but I wasn't too wow'ed with this place. Nothing bad against it. Maybe I should have gone with the french toast and vanilla ice cream...????
Is it me or does their french toast taste and have the texture of cornbread? I think there is some cornbread batter in that mix....i'm just saying.Love this place! Excellent breakfast, brunch and lunch. Quality ingredients, great flavor combinations, super-friendly wait staff. Also beautiful, quiet atmosphere, showcasing local artists. My standby order is the braised chicken leg. Simple and delicious!At first I was surprised that Cafe Estelle is in the lobby of a condo building, but the ample parking pleased me and the unassuming interior of the cafe soon set me at ease. A look at the deli case, the coffee bar, the menu, and the friendly servers really convinced me that I was about to enjoy a well-conceived meal in a down-to-earth environment.
The place was packed, due to a 30-person party who showed up without a reservation, so there was a few minute wait. Nothing too terrible, especially not for a weekend brunch. As soon as we were seated, we got brunch menus (though the breakfast and lunch selections were still available to us), coffee mugs, and complimentary glasses of fresh squeezed orange juice for the wait.
The food reflected the mood of the place: simple and homey, but certainly beyond the norm in its commitment to quality and authenticity. A breakfast sandwich (eggs, house-smoked bacon, Gruyere) on an everything bagel would make a great hangover cure, though thoroughly satisfied even when sober. The breakfast salad featured a poached egg, amazing house-cured pork belly, home fries (which could have been a little crispier, to be honest), frisee which defied its overly-bitter stereotype, and a mellow sherry vinaigrette. The delightfully crispy, cornmeal crusted softshell crab with fried green tomatoes came with a creamy, tangy sauce and really made the meal for me: juicy and succulent, the flavors were unadulterated and true. Washed down with one of the brighter-flavored brews from their coffee bar, the meal felt like home. Not necessarily my home, but it had that feel. 
Throughout the meal I had my eyes on a beautiful piece of strawberry-rhubarb pie in the deli case but when I asked to lay claim to it, I found that it had been sold. However, a few minutes later, the server I had asked came by with a little sliver of pie (complete with a little scoop of vanilla ice cream on top) salvaged from one of the pies... all compliments of the staff.
The food was mouthwatering, the service attentive and generous, and the overall experience delightful. I'll be sure to return for breakfast, lunch, brunch, or even just a cup of coffee. Cafe Estelle is note a bruncherie to be missed!Outstanding! This place is a small french style cafe in the same building as an apartment complex called 444. My boyfriend and I were looking for a place to get good breakfast before the hurricane hit and we were trapped indoors for 3 days, this came up on google search. There was no wait, the service was quick, the waitress was uber friendly and the food was delicious! Their brunch menu had a large variety of dishes to pick from which all looked really good. I had a hard time picking what I wanted, and finally decided to go with the Denver omelet. It was perfect! Apart from the actual omelet being great, it came with a side of potatoes which are to die for. My boyfriend got the cheddar biscuits with sausage gravy, again.... Delicious. Definitely will be coming back to this place. The only downside was that it was loud but at the same time unless you go to candle lit dinner, in the city, it's expected.Great brunch in an odd location. I absolutely love the shirred eggs, while my wife swears that they put something addictive in their unbelievably fluffy pancakes. The service can be a tad hectic, but everyone there is incredibly nice, and you get a cup of coffee to go when you leave. 
It doesn't get any better than this, but please don't go: I don't want to have to wait in line!Amazing food.  Their steak is so tender that it melts in your mouth.  Nearly everything is organic and delicious!My husband and I routinely have breakfast here (not out of the way since we live in the building) and it is always such a treat.  I usually go for the western omelet since I wake up very hungry and up for the challenge, however, since it wasn't on the menu this weekend, I opted for the Croque Madame which managed to satisfy my craving for dessert and eggs at the same time.  My husband usually goes for the Eggs Benny and will not share. For lunch, their barbeque is pretty amazing but  will only be available during the summer I think. Other people have recommended the duck BLT but I haven't tried it yet.   
What I love about Cafe Estelle is the creativity, the quality of the ingredients, and the people that work there. They really put in a lot of time and energy to deliver the best possible product.  We've tried other local spots that are more like glorified diners. At Estelle you'll get a truly top quality gourmet meal for the same price.I like estelle's very much. it's really nice if you are in the building everyday like i am. the people are really friendly, the vibe is really chill. I have to say the soups are my favorite, the tomato fennel and the potato leek are both vegan and delicious. I usually opt for an omelette, because I don't eat flour and most of their dishes are bread based. The omelettes are normally creative and tasty. I have been extremely disappointed though in their ceasar salad; over 10 bucks for a handful of soggy leaves and a few bits of chicken. 
For lunch it's usually busy but doable. I hear on the weekend for brunch it's a line out the door.
And get some coffee, it's organic, fair-trade, and wonderful, my friend Amanda D. couldn't help herself from buying some to bring home.So far Ive been here twice in the past month and both times food was excellent.   The first time i was trying to check out honeys and the wait was over 2 hrs and i came here and got in within 20 mins.  the second time i was trying to check out sabrinas and the line was also 2hr plus.
I must say both time the food was amazing.  One of the best brunch venues Ive been too in northern liberties.I truly love Estelle.
Just a run down of some of the basics:
They have something for everyone - the true foodie or the person who just wants some scrambled eggs and potatoes. The eggs are always perfectly cooked, the bread is usually french bread (they only have one type of bread). The bacon is famous though I prefer Honey's bacon or Memphis Taproom bacon over Estelle. The coffee is self-serve and they always have a variety - they also give you a to go to bring some coffee with you when you leave, so though it's a bit more pricey, you can basically drink infinite amounts. The truffle shirred egg was dreamy, so were the pancakes. If you're feeling adventurous for something sweet and breakfasty, Estelle will have it for you.
Servers are always super nice (I don't think I've ever seen a guy server here...only cute hipster girls...wonder why...). There's never a wait, even though this place would be well worth it. At the end, the server doesn't bring you a check, you just look at your table number and pay at the register at the end. 
Yes, I love Estelle. So easy breezy and yummy.OK.., I have looked at this place, was skeptical about trying it, but my friend went on Yelp, said let go try it out. I said, why not??!! Well, first, getting there is OK, but you don't know where its located, till upon the high-rise condos, blue curtains with Cafe Estelle on windows . There is Parking--all of 5-6 of them. , , go around 5th st, get parking allows you 2-3 hours , not metered like 4th st is. We went in, took them like 5 min to seat us..got little table by windows. Wait, the coffee was great, OK, we ordered the Rhubarb, ricotta stuff french toast. And yes, like one reviewer- Kemi, when you take a bite, not bread, or Challah bread, its a batter with corn bread consistency, dry on the majority, without the stuff in center , not appealing. It was OK, return visit-Ah No, down the st, go to Cafe Lift , or Sabrina's for Real french toast. Wasn't anything worth going to, if you want ho-humm food, average, then its' for you. Gave it 2 stars, cause the coffee was superb..but that's; bout it.
The service was good, food-just OK, do like the coffee bar .Guess it depends on what you order if your coffee afficionadoMaybe it's me, but I expected more from Cafe Estelle, because I have heard mostly raves...
I went there with a buddy a while back and both of us were underwhelmed to say the least.  My tuna sandwich was okay--but nothing special,  The self serve coffee was excellent and you're able to get to-go cups to take one with you.  That was the best part of the Cafe Estelle experience, although the decor was very much in the vein of a trendy, but bland.  The bluish hue on the walls was calming and serene...important, since I left unsatisfied.
I'd go back, if someone else picked up the tab, but not otherwise.Terrible Location. Totally Cute n' Clean Concept. Terrific Brunch.
A great alternative to all the other Northern Liberties brunch joints like N. 3rd and Honey's. It is one of a few places where you don't have to wait more than fifteen minutes for a table on a busy Sunday morning.
Though it's in awkward space and in a random area, the place is cool-casual, warm, modern and retro all at once.  The whole staff is energetic, young, attentive, and look as though they've stepped out of a Finnish Anthropologie catalog.
Cafe Estelle operates out of part of the right ground floor of a new-ish condominium on Fourth Street, you can drive by and miss it all together.  You have to go through the condominium's lobby to enter (and there are a few couches/chairs to sit while you wait for your table), there are four seats at their breakfast 'bar' where you can watch the frenetic action of the kitchen and a dining room that sits about 35 to 40 people.  There is a good amount of turn around, but you never feel rushed.  Avoid if you're in a big group.
You pay up at the front when you're through with your meal and you can also put your tip in a collective jar (they pool tips among the staff - which is better for everyone and for you - means better service across the board).  Self-serve coffee bar means never having to wait for a refill, creating your own concoction to your liking and being able to take some brew to go after your meal is finished.
Locally-sourced ingredients, in-house baked everything (their bread is scrumptious) and in-house made meats (bacon, sausage) make for good eating.  Good rotation of specials. Portions are decent and just enough to make you full. 
 Faves include the Eggs Champignon and the Shirred Eggs (both include two of my favorite ingredients ever, truffle oil and mushrooms so you see a theme here).  Also, any place that offers Croque Monsieurs and Croque Madames is a kick-ass place in my book.  Both sandwiches are huge, covered in delicious melted Gruyère and served with a nice green salad to balance the richness.
With reasonable prices, Cafe Estelle is good for a little breakfast, for a lot of brunch and of course lunch.  Oh, and can't forget BYOB.  Bring your own vodka to complement their Bloody Mary carafes. Yum!Perhaps you've been hearing many of the following catchphrases lately: 
Organic. Local. Sustainable. Fresh. Farm-to-table. DIY food. 
What is this newfangled tomfoolery, you ask (since you are obviously superannuated* as evidenced by your usage of antiquated vernacular and your ignorance of sustainable agriculture)? 
It's all about sustainability these days. If you're a "locavore" or someone otherwise into this food movement (perhaps due to literary and/or cinematic exposés such as The Omnivore's Dilemma and Food Inc.), you'll love Cafe Estelle. The best thing about this place is that it works toward the aforementioned movement while still maintaining average brunch prices. It may even be slightly cheaper than the Philly brunch standbys, and the food (at least what I've tried) tastes just as good. Maybe better. This is good news, because I'm all about sustainability when it sustains my bank account too. 
In summation, this is a super cute cafe that serves up fairly-priced, socially-conscious, tasty food. 
*No offense intended to the elderly.People who read The New Yorker eat at Cafe Estelle.I really like this place.
First of all, they have amazing coffee.  I am not a coffee snob, but I actually could recognize the quality of this coffee.  If even I can recognize it, then it truly is good.
Secondly, they have comfy cushions on their seats.
And the food is stellar.  I had a sweet potato omelet.  Their omelets are made so well.  The eggs are creamy.  Their hash browns are fabulous-not greasy.  My friend had stuffed French toast, which looked darned good.
Also, parking is convenient.  Service was great.Meh, I'm not so impressed with this place. While nothing about it was terrible, there was a lot that was sub-par. 
1. Seating. While they board claimed that you could "seat yourself" my group of 5 got kicked off a table they were "reserving" for someone else. When the waitress tried to shuffle us, she was thwarted by a group of two that walked in and sat at the two-top that she wanted to move two guests seated at a 4 top to. It was hectic, and annoying. 
2. While the wait staff was really friendly, they were way understaffed, rushed, crazed even, and it showed. Once I got my food I had to wait 5 minutes until my ketchup, hot sauce, and toast showed up so that I could eat it.
3. I had the shirred eggs and could find any resemblance of the truffle oil they claimed to contain. The meal in general was small. My out of town friend had some french toast she couldn't even get through - it was so dry that crumbs kept flaking off. Also, there is so much good bread in the city I don't want a few little toasted baguette slices as "toast." 
4. Decor. The art is chintzy, and hung to low, and too small for the space. The flimsy curtains that block the condo lobby are held up with obviously huge pieces of duck -tape. Ikea has a whole aisle of curtain solutions. I suggest they invest in the sticky circles with the wire and the curtain clips. 
There were some great things about this place. The menu looked and sounded delicious, and two people at my table loved their food. It just seems, overall inconsistent, and I was sad that I had taken out-of-town friends here after reading the good reviews, only to have a so-so experience.  I'm only giving them three stars because they are newish, and I'm rooting for them to get better!This place is AMAZING....my boyfriend is an IDIOT for not liking it
Katie BDelicious does not even describe it. A rare find recommended by a friend. While the wait was long it was to be expected on a Sunday morning during brunch. Don't forget to bring your Bailey's to add to their yummy organic coffee. Do try the french toast with homemade vanilla ice cream.... yumThough many reviews talk about long lines being packed like sardines, there was no wait when i went for a late breakfast with a few friends. About half the tables were unused. The service was very helpful and friendly. There is good variety on the menu. Between four of us, we got the roast beef panini, shirred eggs, st. andres omelet, and a croque madame. They were all very good, though nothing out of this world. The prices seemed fair. ~$8-12 for each. 
I'm not a coffee person, but the serve-yourself coffee bar seemed nice, and the free cup to go is a sure win.
It's tucked away, in the first floor of some lofts, but not too hard to find.A cute and airy space with great coffee and very friendly servers the French Toast at Café Estelle was simply a disappointment - the bread too doughy and not saturated; just a vein of cream cheese acting to give it a bit of moisture and a substantial disappointment compared to the quality offered at Lift or Green Eggs Café.  Stepping up the game substantially with the coffee I'd have considered giving them a second chance if I were in town for an extended period of time but the restaurant has subsequently closed.I didn't think I was such a fan of french toast until I tried Cafe Estelle. It's usually too flat, too soggy, too sweet, too..whatever. So when I spied sweet potato custard and marshmallow stuffed french toast on the menu, I hesitated, but the appeal of those flavors won me over and I'm glad they did. Thick slices of brioche stuffed with a not-too-sweet, nutmeggy custard and little marshmallows...I spent the few minutes when I wasn't stuffing my face wondering how they get the filling in there, as I saw no discernible entry point into the thick slab of deliciousness. My boyfriend wasn't the biggest fan of his fritatta, but I liked it a lot (potatoes, arugula, goat cheese), especially the warm and lightly-dressed leafy greens on top. And the grilled rounds of bread and butter. The homefries, as other reviewers have pointed out, are nothing to rave about but I also didn't think they were bad. Although, anything compared to that French Toast is "small potatoes"....ha, ha.
The icing on the cake, of course, is the self-serve, fair trade coffee served in huge mugs. The to-go cup was much appreciated, and I almost felt gourmet with my dash of cocoa powder and truvia...
Quick and friendly service, decent prices, a pretty hefty brunch menu- I'll be back. (Oh, and they even have a teeny tiny parking lot now!)This by far was the worst service ever! This restaurant was recommended to my boyfriend and I months back so we decided to give it a try today.  We found metered parking because the parking lot for the place was only for 6 cars tops. Then my boyfriend went to get us quarters for the car... an Estelle employee easily helped him out.  While we were waiting for a table we decided to get coffee... a sweet blonde was able to help us out yet again.  So far so good. 
After about a 30 minute wait we were seated. We were looking forward to a nice, relaxing, Sunday brunch, instead we got a server who didn't come to our table for a good 20 minutes, then forgot our drink order and lastly never came back to check on us and the place was not busy! The "fresh squeezed" OJ was straight from store bought gallon, the food looked great but I didn't get to eat my main course because I needed toast for my eggs! After paying $25 for horrible service we discovered our waiter was not a waiter at all but a manager named Bob.  If a restaurant can be managed by a scruffy faced, ripped shirt, non-friendly man then I'm not sure how it will survive this economy.   
We would have been happy with even average customer service.  It seems that  colloquial friendliness somehow gives a business permission to slack on basic service ideals.  Throw in a 'bro,' 'dude,' or 'man' at the end of a sentence and we must be equals, right? Wrong.  I am paying for service, and that is what was lacking.First of all, the only problem I personally had was that it was a little noisy... I always feel a little self conscious yelling across the table at my dining partners, but it's not a huge problem in a brunch spot. A certain amount of noise and bustle are to be expected, I suppose. Aside from that, the only negative thing was that one of us ordered a bagel with veggie cream cheese and got a bagel with regular cream cheese... again, a fairly minor quibble.
Cafe Estelle is a surprising gem in a rather ugly loft building. It is painted a pleasant periwinkle blue, and the art and furniture are very complimentary to each other... the whole room is just really nice and welcoming-looking. The waitresses and cash register girl were also all incredibly nice. It was overwhelmingly, well, nice.
And the food was great too. I got the shirred eggs, which had everything delicious in one little dish. Spinach, mushrooms, and delicately baked eggs, and apparently, truffle oil, which I couldn't taste really, but the entire thing was fantastic. It came with baguette toast points that I used to mop up the yolk. The potatoes were just the way I like them, slightly greasy, very spicy, and not in too large of a quantity. The entire meal was just the right size to fill you up but not leave you uncomfortably full. The coffee was just OK, although for a $2.75 gigantic (and bottomless) cup and four varieties to choose from at the coffee bar, it's a pretty decent deal. It's a nice touch that they'll send you off with regular or iced coffee to go when you leave as well.
My boyfriend got a bagel, scrambled eggs, which were nicely cooked, not too moist and not too dry, and topped with chives (a touch that I personally appreciated). Our friend got the steak (as rare as they could make it) and eggs (over easy) and although he was not thrilled with the amount of the toast, said the steak more than made up for it.
We sat for a good hour or so and didn't feel at all rushed out. Overall it was a great experience and I can't wait to go back and try the breakfast pizza!the brunch is heavenly. and I'm not much of a breakfast person. the coffee bar is a great idea and the specials are always intriguing.Great little gem...it was a bit tricky to find.  The food was great, I had the peach and cream cheese filled french toast.  Cappuccino was awesome, I'd go back just for that.  The atmosphere was nice and modern trendy.  The only flaw is that the wall of windows looks out on the parking lot.  They do have curtains, but eh. The waitress was great.  I'm big on atmosphere so that is the reason for the 4 stars.  Prices were fair for the quality of food.For me it's all about the orange couch in the back of the cafe. Nice place to plop down, read the paper, and pretend that good french toast and buttermillk pancakes are coming from your own kitchen. 
I'm found of the concept of the cafe within a residential building, as a matter of luxury convenience. I think this place is a notch above that concept though in terms of atmosphere and menu so those lucky enough to live in the 444 lofts have a great place in-house, but it's worth checking out even if you don't live there.i stopped into cafe estelle last week after seeing the city paper article... glad i did!  the place is roomy and bright.  the people friendly.  my egg and cheese (i chose gruyere) on home baked roll was yummy.  i'll be back for lunch real soon!
ok, i've been back for lunch twice this week, call me a convert.  i've sampled a salad, soup and flatbread pizza.  i've found each meal delicious.  seriously folks, this place will have a sunday morning brunch line soon.  
i think they do need some more folks in the kitchen, service is a tad slow.... but then again, it does take time to make a fine meal.Our family of 4 spent $75 for brunch which is pretty steep considering one order was granola/fruit and the other was pancakes!!  the food was good and portions large.  the sticky bun was one of the best!!  serve yourself coffee a bonus...next time we'll share the entrees or we might stick with Cafe LiftCafe Estelle was a great place to go for breakfast/brunch/lunch.  I'd read other reviews and they were right!  The food was fresh and homemade.  I had a breakfast sandwich, which was sausage and scrambled eggs in a homemade brioche roll - buttery and rich, it satisfied my appetite.  I also split the French Toast, which was also very good - it uniquely had a scoop of vanilla ice cream on it, which actually made for a pleasant surprise...it was a nice, but different kind of dessert.  While I was there I also tasted the chicken sandwich, which was pretty amazing - succulent strips of chicken in a panini style bread - very flavorful.  There was a side of Thai noodle salad, which was also very good.  This restaurant is definitely a must-go-to place for good brunch food.Cafe Estelle had potential to be a great little spot for brunch.  Viewing the photos here on Yelp, the dishes looked tasty.  I was looking forward to a well made breakfast and a fun, friendly atmosphere typical of mom & pop joints such as this.  Not only were my expectations not met, but I was thoroughly unimpressed. 
Sitting down, I inspected the settings.  First thing I noticed was the glasses were dirty.  Now, I'm not expecting perfection, but I expect clean glasses.  Immediately, I was turned off, but I overlooked it and took a look at the menu.  Having seen pictures on Yelp of the dishes, I read the descriptions and narrowed my choices down to my all time breakfast favorite, steak and eggs, and eggs benedict.  I erred on the side of caution as I wasn't sure how good their hollandaise would be, and went with the steak and eggs.
The food came out and I was shocked.  The steak was the size of a typical bar of soap and I wasn't even sure what cut of meat it was.  It was definitely not a typical breakfast steak (strip, tbone, ribeye) from what I could tell, but I thought if it's really good then it'll still be worth it.  I cut into the steak and my order of medium rare was actually medium.  Rather than send it back, I just ate it thinking it wasn't worth the hassle. 
As for the sides, the "toast" were slices of a bagette and were extremely dry and stale tasting.  Big disappointment there as I love crusty breads.  The home fries (another favorite breakfast side dish of mine) weren't crispy and were flavored with something that made it spicy.  It seems that spicy home fries are standard as everyone at the table had them.  Glancing over at the kitchen and seeing a bottle of sriracha, I could only assume that's what was added to my home fries.  What ever happened to classic, crispy home fries?  Why ruin a good thing?  Not only was it spiced, but no where on the menu did it describe the home fries as being spicy.  Lastly, the eggs (which I ordered scrambled) were the best thing on the plate.  They were light and fluffy and thankfully without any spicy additions.
A quick survey around the table resulted in not so fabulous reviews from the rest of my companions.  My friend sitting across from me had ordered the eggs benedict and let me have a taste of the hollandaise.  It wasn't very thick and totally lacking in taste.  Seems I would have been disappointed had I gone with the eggs benedict as well.  
Overall, Cafe Estelle has a lot of potential but failed to deliver.  The atmosphere was casual and inviting, but the service, unclean glasses, poorly designed menu, and lack luster, average dishes leave much to be desired.  In a pinch, Cafe Estelle would do for a breakfast, but if you're looking for a nice, unconventional brunch spot that leaves you wanting more, I'd go elsewhere.Really loved their sticky bun!! Also, the food there is delicious, but alas, they are closing (and I think are already closed as I write this). Hopefully they'll be able to find another place to open a brunch place in the future.We went for brunch - it was extraordinarily crowded, but all for big parties so we only waited about 10 minutes for a table for two. It was raucous, and the place seemed a bit out of control. We had an absolutely charming server. And the food was first rate. Really terrific. As was the coffee. We'll go again, but not in a rush just because of the commotion factor.Five stars simply because, after several attempts to order the warm walnut and cream cheese sticky bun, we were finally able to do it, and it was heavenly. Melty cream cheese icing, crispy outer pastry, soft, warm inner pastry... well, let's just say we enjoyed it. A lot.This Cafe was hard to find, but definitely a great find. It had a nice selection of brunch items and the dishes that we tried were great. A good place to add for one of the better brunch places in the cityCafe Estelle is an excellent stop for breakfast, lunch or brunch. Or, leakfast if you are odd. 
Estelle is located on the ground floor of a condo building. During the week it is easy to find parking and even easier to find the place. The interior is a tad unorthodox, since it's right next to the condo's lobby, but they did a fantastic job of making it comfortable. The chairs are comfy. The tables have really cool old recipes and food pictures to look at. The tables are spaced really well so it is easy to walk around. I guess the art changes from week to week, and I hit a good week because I enjoyed what they had up on the walls.
The service was impeccable. Each of the servers we had was sweet and polite. Throughout our entire stay my glass of water was never empty. And, that's because they filled it and not because I was drinking one of their bottomless cups of coffee, which was a big hit with the people at my table.
I have to admit that my meal was less than my favorite. I had a burger and while it tasted alright (They had a bit too many onions and spices mixed in with the meat for my taste.) It was too fat on a bun that was also too wide. Making eating it a difficult proposition. 
If I have such a complaint about my choice how can I give the 5 stars? Because I tasted everyone else's meals and fell in love and regretted my choice. The gnocchi is, to steal a cliche, to die for. It's served with mushrooms and other veggies in a rich delicious gravy. The gnocchi itself is filled with wonderful cheese and each bite is pure delight. 
And, then there are the pancakes. These delicious discs are crispy buttery slices of heaven. They come with real maple syrup and even more butter to dollop on.  We all shared a short stack and when I return I will have a large stack all to myself. No sharing allowed.
They have delicious chocolate chip cookies to enjoy after your meal. The one I had tasted like it just came out of the oven. And, it was big enough that it could be shared.
I have no qualms recommending this place to anyone and everyone. If you go during the week you can enjoy a casual lunch without any wait. From what I understand it goes crazy on the weekends. Sunday, especially. So prepare yourself for a wait.I am completely in love with the Chicken Florentine Panini.  I dream about it! The Potato Salad is bangin' as well.  The staff is nice and they always seem to be having a good time.  The chef is kinda cute too! If there is a duck breast special,,,GET IT!!I wish I was talented enough to write a love song to Cafe Estelle because it is really that good. It is hands down my favorite brunch spot in the city (it definitely trumps Sabrina's) and I have never waited more than 10 minutes for a table.
Everything at this place is fresh and homemade. The scrapple is made ON SITE and it is delicious. Cafe Estelle is BYOB - the OJ is fresh for your mimosas and the bloody mary mix is very tasty and has the right amount of spice.
My mouth is watering as I think about the croque madame - the bread is thick yet at the same time, light and fluffy. The hollandaise sauce on the eggs benedict and Eggs Lester (a recent special), is creamy and flavorful. And the warm coffee cake is always hard for me to pass up.
The location isn't so great but it is absolutely worth the trip. Everyone needs to go here now.It almost seems redundant to review Cafe Estelle; what can I say that hasn't been said 182 times already?  
I had shirred eggs with mushroom and spinach with truffle oil (which really made the dish!).  I had to ask what shirred eggs were, and the pleasant waitress explained that they pour 2 eggs into a ceramic ramekin and bake it.  It comes out soft and sunny side up with a firm white and the flavors marry very well.  I opted for a side salad instead of potatoes and it was made with just romaine and the right amount of oil and a little vinegar.  Perfect.  The wheat toast were two thick cuts of hearty whole grain bread instead of a wheat toast you'd get at IHOP or Denny's.  Very fresh and very tasty.  Fresh squeezed orange juice made my meal, and I left satisfied without overeating.  Just perfect.
The only minor turn-off was that people came in with their dogs to order take-out.  This isn't South Beach, guys!  This is a restaurant in the lobby of a condo building in downtown Philadelphia.  Still, I was relieved that when one of the waitresses pet a dog, she immediately washed her hands.  I love dogs but not with, next to, or in my brunch!
I will be back to try some of the dishes I saw on my neighbors' tables, like cream cheese stuffed french toast or croque madame.  
Best Brunch in Philly is right!ok. One of the few times I have to disagree with fellow yelpers. We have been on a mission to try all the brunch places in Philly.  Actually was planning to go to the Sabrina's on Callowhill (we enjoyed the on in the Italian Market). Got to Sabrina's and there was a 1 hour wait so decided to head over and try Cafe Estelle.
For starters, no atmosphere. That loses a star.  And it's in the lobby of an office building/condo building.  Got seated immediately. Good start. Breaks down from here. Got the menu and couldn't find anything that sounded good. When you go to Honeys, Cafe Lift or Sabrina's there are so many good choices. The waitress was efficient but not much more. Took our order and seemed like we were rushed. Came to the table twice in 3 minutes.
We ordered the coffee cake to start since it sounded better than our entrees. It was a big piece that they put on the grill to warm up.  It was good, not great.
Then for the entrees. I had the breakfast pizza with egg whites on the top.  The pizza had flatbread type crust that was light and tasty.  It was topped with cheese, potatoes and a small amount of bacon (I think). Mostly potatoes.  Totally bland and boring. Ordered some hot sauce on the side which I needed to put some life in this dish. Good crust, too many potatoes and disappointed.  Taylor got an egg white omelette that had gorgonzola , brussel sprouts and apples slices. She skipped the cheese. Big omelette but again, boring with little flavor. She added salt, which she rarely does.
We left with an empty feeling. Could have gone to a boring diner but wanted a cool brunch spot.  This isn't one of them.Because of the great Yelp reviews, I have been wanting to try Cafe Estelle since I moved here a few years back. Only upon reading that they're closing at the end of the month did I finally feel the urgency to come up here and try this place out.
Yelpers, you've let me down.
I had the shirred eggs which smelled of truffles when it came out but had none of that great flavor. Ultimately, it just tasted like what it is- baked eggs. There was no hint of seasoning or flavor at all. The toast it came with wasn't toast so much as slices of baguette, where whole wheat or sourdough would really have been a great compliment to the eggs. Homefries were small cubes of potatoes and onions, which despite having a great color was completely devoid of flavor. I had to salt and pepper them heavily, and still had to use ketchup and Sriracha. Skip the sticky bun, as its neither sticky nor good, and the cream cheese frosting has the appearance and consistency of white paint with none of the tangy kick of actual cream cheese. My dining companion actually thought that it was yogurt sauce. Honestly, eating it plain is enough to make me gag, because the flavor is so odd and not at all like that of any kind of frosting I have ever tasted.
EDITED TO ADD: I just ate some of the leftovers of my sticky bun (what can I say, I didn't like it but I hate to waste food) -- I found a pretty sizable piece of plastic wrap inside. Really unacceptable. 
Overall I was completely underwhelmed with my meal here which came out to $20 after tax and tip, quite pricey for something I didn't like. On the plus side, at least I haven't been missing out on much by having not tried this place until weeks before its closing.This spot is great for brunch, it has a very relaxing atmosphere. The waitstaff is very friendly, and the food is amazing and affordable.  A very nice place for a Sunday morning, and parking is convenient as well. It is located in the bottom of an apartment complex, I believe thats what it is, so keep a look out for that, I had a little trouble locating it's exact location.We had been talking about trying Cafe Estelle for some time, so we jumped at the chance to finally visit. This restaurant is tucked away on the ground floor of an apartment complex on 4th street (between Callowhill and Spring Garden), beyond a fenced in parking lot and somewhat hidden from streetview. But trust me, it's there and definitely worth the search.
First, I love the restaurant's way of promoting a "healthy and sustainable way of living" in a simple and non-preachy way. All of their take out and paper products are made from sustainable, recycled and compostable material, and they use local and organic products as much as possible including their organic brown eggs, naturally raised free range meats, hormone and antibiotic-free dairy.
I also really liked the little details here - airy open spaces, simple fresh flower arrangements at each table, mismatched ceramic coffee mugs just like the ones you have at home! AND, you even have several options of different kinds of coffee at Cafe Estelle - all are fair trade, organic and locally roasted.
All these little things add to a great brunch experience, but ultimately it's of course about the food.
WHAT WE ATE
*Croque Madame: egg dipped brioche + smoked ham + gruyere + fried egg + potatoes 
This is, without exaggeration, my favorite brunch dish I have had in a long time. The egg dipped brioche, which is baked on-site, was the perfect moist, soft, but with crisp toasted edges consistency. The smoked ham had just the right mix of salty and savory meatiness and the gruyere was a perfect melted layer holding everything together.
Add to that, the fried egg, cooked over medium, and you've got gooey yolk coating everything with the soft egg and you've added even more flavors and textures.
NOTE: the croque madame comes with mixed greens, but being the brunch fatty that I am, I had to request potatoes. And I would definitely do it again, even though the potatoes themselves weren't particularly special (other than the fact that they are crisp potatoes and that is always good, obviously). Cafe Estelle's potatoes are cubed to a pretty good size and have very crunchy edges, but there weren't any other dimensions of flavors.
*Breakfast Pizza: provolone + homefries + housemade pancetta + fried eggs
We don't really see many breakfast pizzas on menus, so we were super excited about the inventiveness of the breakfast pizza and gave props to Cafe Estelle for having it on the menu.
The good things about this included the portion size, the perfectly cooked egg, and the fact that the pancetta used is another example of meat that is prepared in house. 
The slightly less awesome things included a dry and somewhat thin crust, barely noticeable cheese and imperfect potato to crust carb ratio. My biggest disappointment was that I had to think about what could have been. I feel like this pizza would have been VASTLY improved if they had used thinly sliced pieces of potatoes, rather than their cubed homefries. Surprisingly, I think that having smaller pieces of the pancetta may have worked better as well - the long strips made it difficult to eat. IMO, the cheese was too mild for this pizza; a stronger flavor would have helped bring these flavors together. However, it was still an interesting dish to say the least. Ultimately, I'm not sure I'd get this dish again, though. I mean, there were just so many other awesome sounding options available and given how good the croque madame was, I'd want to try the other dishes out first.
French Onion Soup: toasted bread + melted swiss cheese
The soup was tasty enough, but nothing special. Soopah thought the broth was a bit too sweet; I thought it was sufficiently sweet to be considered onion soup.
To conclude, I really loved Cafe Estelle. It doesn't mean that every dish was without fault or perfect, but there was something just so FRESH about the decor, their ideas, and the attitude here. Plus, the entire staff was very friendly and helpful.We didn't find this place right away because it is set back from the street and parking could be a little tough if you don't want to park in the lot outside.  It is bright and pleasant in this cafe and there is enough space between tables to still feel comfortable.  There is a coffee bar with a lot of options, so you get a cup and go do the rest yourself.  The food came out pretty quickly, and it was still steamy hot right off the stove.  We found it a little strange that there was some semi-fresh fruit piled on the side of our breakfast on top of the eggs and potatoes, but no big deal.  Service is quick and friendly.  When you're done and ready to pay, you just go to the counter.  I could eat here again.We enjoyed this place!!!!  I was totally okay with the location!!!  During our 45 minute wait, my bf and I took advantage of the opportunity to tour 444 Lofts!! After about a 15 minute wait, we were called. The weather was great, so we didn't mind at all.
The place was supercute. Small, but accomodating.  My bf and I had plenty of room at our tables, and we didn't feel cramped. Most importantly, we didn't have to share condiments with the tables next to us like at Honey's!!! (Sorry, Honey's... it's true! LOL)
I ordered the shirred eggs. At first, I wasn't sure if I should because I don't like my eggs runny. After assuring me that the cook could make my eggs hard, I decided to give it a try.  This was my first time having it, and I would definitely order it again.
They were served with spinach, mushrooms,truffle oil (whatever THAT is!!) and cream. It also came with homefries and something they called TOAST, but was actually slices of hard, overcooked sourdogh bread. I would have preferred just regular slice of toasted Wonder bread over this.  
To drink, I chose an African tea out of the numerous teas and coffees they offered. I ordered a Cream Cheese Walnut Sticky Bun which went prefectly with my tea.
My bf ordered the "Toad in a Hole", which was brioche with fried egg, poached rockshrimp, sambuca-shrimp cream. I got a chance to sample it, and it was DELICIOUS!!!!
I enjoyed Cafe Estelle. My only beef would be that their portions are VERY small for the price!!!!!  We were hungry again about 30 minutes later. For the price, I still say Sabrina's is better.Best eggs benny around and the french toast is totally amazing.  Great staff great service always a welcoming atmosphere.  
Can't wait to hit up the dinner menu!!!