Highly recommended. Everything we ordered was excellent. The tamale azteca is superb, the cafe con chocolate excellent, and tres leches to die for. Riquisimo. Plus, I got the vibe there was a lot of attention to detail in the decor. We brought vodka and beer, and they were great about keeping our drinks cold for us. We stayed for 2.5 hours and had attentive service. Since it was such a beautiful night when we dined there, I half-wished that they had more substantial outdoor seating. Then again, given the neighborhood, perhaps I'm glad they did not. Either way, my only real complaint is that it takes a solid hour of public trans to get from west to 21st and Snyder. But hey, I ate enough that I needed that 7 block walk back to the sub. Overall, it's a high-quality venue with character.Came here with a group of friends and we all enjoyed it immensely. It was so so so good. We couldn't get over the nachos and then, the rest. One of us got the mole enchiladas and I seriously wish I sat closer so I could eat ALL OF IT. Everything else was delicious too and the cafe chocolate (with shot of espresso) TO DIE FOR. I could bathe in it. SERIOUSLY. 
Anyways, the food was great and the people were amazing. I am definitely going back for more. I have tried mexican food in LA but this place was one of the better mexican food places I have tried.Got the Huevos Motunlenos Especiales! Added chorizo on top and was amazing. Everything we got here was great along with the service.Cafe Y Chocolate is truly authentic old-country Mexican food.  The restaurant is a special gem in South Philadelphia, with a traditional and soulful menu of Mexican drinks and dishes.  The warm staff immediately welcomes you in for a meal, and it is a memorable meal every single time.  I have visited this place for so many brunches and dinners over the past few years, and I always leave wanting to come back again before the end of the week.  My usual meals often include Mexican hot chocolates, chipotle potatoes, homemade guacamole, vegetarian tacos, and their tortas (oh, man, the tortas!).  This ain't a meat-and-more-meat kind of Mexican restaurant--they will happily cook for any kind of eater, whether you are a vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free disciple, whatever.  The food at Cafe Y Chocolate is always good.  Always.This place is AMAZING!! Came to visit Philly for 4th of July weekend and we decided to give it try for brunch....Best decision of the weekend.  Their food is impeccable and exquisitely prepared. The customer service was a 10 and the serene family culture adds to the food experience. Please visit here if you are in town!This place is amazing! It's a diamond in the south Philly area. The drinks are dynamic and delicious. The food is on another level! Try the tortas or the empanadas :)We decided to try this place after reading http://philly.eater.com/maps/philly-under-the-radar-breakfast-restaurants-cafe instead of Honey's. That was a mistake. The food was very flavorful but, the bread was stale. I had the Huevos Motuleños Especiales that suppose to come with tortilla or bread. I had to ask for it. Then, we were charged $1.50 for it. We asked why the menu stated it was included, waitress couldn't give us an answer.  The  Huevos Revueltos con Chorizo was suppose to be paired with bread or tortillas, we didn't get any.   Service was slow. It took us about 10 minutes to get the check. Another 5 more minutes to get my carrot, Apple and ginger juice into a disposable cup. Then, another 5 minutes for our change. I was very disappointed driving all the way from northeast Philadelphia for that. I'll stick with Honey Sit-N-Eat and Cafe La Maude.Just found this place yesterday and went back again today!  Super fresh, super delicious.  Had the Huevos Rancheros both days (amazing verde sauce) and the fish tacos and chilaquiles.  Very friendly staff and delicious strong coffee to round out the meal. Cafe Y Chocolate is fabulous!!!!Food was 3 stars.. Service was terrible enough to bring the rating down to 1. 
Ordered coffees and received our food first. Not until we asked for the coffee a third time did we receive it. Forgot half of our desserts.. took 20 minutes to get the bill.. 20 minutes to pay..If you're a west coast transplant, this is the place to give you all the Mexican feels from home.A smaller place with great food. I recently when here with a bunch of friends for a late Sunday brunch. Even though the space is tiny- they were very accommodating in trying to seat us all together, which I appreciated. This is definitely a place where you can expect for things to take awhile. (Not in a bad way). Food and service  was excellent.  And I would definitely recommend this place to friends.Mexican brunch is the best brunch. This place is small, quaint, and feels like it could be a little coffee shop in a romcom. Their food feels authentic and that each dish was carefully crafted. The churros are a must try, and in my opinion, a sign of their culinary prowess. I would've drank the chocolate sauce if my friends would've let me. The best drink is easily the cafe con chocolate. Rich, generously portioned, and appropriately sweetened, I considered ordering another. The fresh fruit juice was also refreshing. The juevos revueltos migas and juevos motuleños especiales were the highlights off the brunch menu. I enjoyed the chorizo as well but didn't think it was necessarily out of this world. 
The bottom line: definitely worth the trip from center city. The drinks and brunch are particularly this places specialtyI highly recommend you check out this hidden gem.  The coffee is delicious and bottomless. I had the tinga torta and it was simply fantastic. The staff is super friendly and helpful, and the prices are quite reasonable. I will definitely be going back again and again.Came here twice so far.  I don't think you can go wrong with any of the Tortas. The Mexican cheesesteak and huevos con chorizo Tortas were so tasty, and the roll so deliciously crunchy.  I usually don't like beans in my food (somewhat ironic I know), but the huevos chorizo torta had such a nice mix of flavors from the eggs, avocado, cheese, tomato and lettuce that I have to make an exception...at least at this restaurant.  The lime juice that I had was very nice as well.
I also had the nachitos (nacho app), which was about average, but I won't judge the restaurant on that one dish.  
I will definitely be back.I've had this bookmarked for quite a while and within the last week I've gone twice! I think that says a lot. I brought several people here from out of town, and every person has enjoyed their food fully. I would like to think I'll come here regularly. Haven't had a chance to save room for any dessert, but the enchiladas con salsa verde have been my favorite so far.
cash only, with ATM on premises.This has been my favorite place for a while now. My boyfriend and I had our second date here, and we were blown away by how amazing the food was. And the coffee? The coffee will change. your. life. The culmination of my love for this place came a little over a week ago when I had my 30th birthday there. First of all, they were so helpful, and accommodating and awesome. They let us BYOB and we picked all our favorite things off the menu for our guests. People could not stop raving about the food. Did I say the coffee would change your life? Man, the nachos will too! This is hands down, some of the best food in the city. And the place is run by some of the nicest and best people in the city. If you haven't been here, what are you waiting for?Pro: DELICIOUS, authentic Mexican food. 
Con: the waitress we had was not as attentive as she needed to be (e.g. Forgot to give us menus, silverware, water refills, checkup on us throughout our visit)
Luckily everyone else there was supportive, and made it more of a team effort to take care of our table. Also, the food... serious props to the chef.Food was great, service was very nice too. Plenty of options for vegans and gluten free folks.Great food, small place that's sort of hole in the wall and a perfect place to go for brunching if you're in the mood for Mexican. Authentic, love their Mexican coffee drinks as well.This is a cutest little cafe! I went here for brunch earlier today and everything about this place from the outside to the inside brightens up your day! 
I ordered the nachos and my friend orders the molletes and together we shared the churros classico! The service wasn't the greatest we waited a while to be served and no one came around to ask if we needed anything such as water fill ups. (Water was like warm) not something I'm usually a fan of! 
The food tasted absolutely amazing and I have zero complaints on that level! Food outweighed the service concerns for me.This place is the best for an affordable brunch! Get the cafe con chocolate--just do it. The huevos rancheros are awesome as well (get 'em with the portuguese bread). Also, they serve la colombe coffee, a bonus for us coffee snobs. Added bonus: this place is adorable! A real south philly gem.I came here thanks to the incredible yelp reviews. I came on a cold winter day and was the only person in the restaurant. I enjoyed a FANTASTIC cafe con chocolate and breakfast burrito. I took my time and savored every bite and sip. The place feels very warm and welcoming. I didn't have any issues finding parking in the area. Staff was very friendly and helpful as it was my first time.  
I was curious if the delicious coffee and chocolate beverage was gluten-free and the staff took several minutes to look at the ingredients of the chocolate and unfortunately it was not so I can't share this amazing beverage with the GF. I am appreciative of the time they took to look into it. I will definitely be back.I crave this place and always want to go every weekend; however the length of time from sitting, ordering, waiting for food, and finally eating, (for even just 2 people) could end up taking 2 hours out of your day. Most of the time there is just one person in front (Is there just one person in the kitchen too?)  This is the one reason that keeps me from turning this into my go-to brunch spot every weekend. I just don't have the patience to drive out there and wait forever (once I've ordered). 
If you have 4+ people in your party, forget it, be prepared to come on off hours, and don't come too hungry because you'll be a drooling lunatic before your food comes. Also it does not come all at once.  I once got my Chorizo Queso Fundito, once everyone was done eating and we were asking for the check. I assumed they forgot my order, and was prepared not to pay for it, so I didn't even ask where it was. Unfortunately, it came with the check, and came with no apologies. I could have said no and argued the check, but that's rather embarrassing with your friends witnessing, and on your way out the door, when you've already stayed 2 hours. 
You can't take Queso Fundito to go! It hardens quickly and must be eaten on site. It is really sad that this was my appetizer for the table, and by now everyone was extremely stuffed. I forced everyone to still eat it, because it was silly to take it home once it congeals and the oil separates. So we ate each amazingly delicious bite, and held our tummies for the next few hours.
Other yumms - should you make the trek to the deep south philly:
The Molletes are an absolute MUST to get every time and always needs an extra bowl of that delicious too-spicy salsa for every bite. Add a fried egg, if this is all you feel like eating for breakfast. 
The queso fundido w chorizo is so great. You have to eat it quickly before it hardens. 
The various Tortas are delicious and is another go to of mine.. 
Huevos rancheros are right on.Not sure this place needs more love but I HAD to share just how much I love it!! 
Its such an amazing little hidden gem that the fact that it is "cash only" doesnt even bother me! Their Mexican Hot Chocolate is a trip back to my abuela's house! Their cozy environment makes you want to stay forever. Their churro dessert is a MUST HAVE! Their customer service is the best, you truly feel you are at their own personal house!! LOVE this!go and try the molletes. i get the roast pork on top. one of the best dishes in philly. period.This is the first time my opinion diametrically differs from Yelp majority. We were so excited to try CCC and finally had brunch there today. 3 adults and 3 kids. We ordered several dishes as well as the famed ccc. The place was less than half full yet our wait for food was surprisingly long. After about 20 mins, the server seemed apologetic and offered us an appetizer as we waited, we accepted (stay tuned for more on that later). The app was toasted bread with a refried type black bean paste and cheese melted on top, it was good, not great but the kids liked it. About 5 mins after that came the tamale dish of one adult at the table, no one else's food was in sight. She liked her dish. Next came nachos: as another Yelper stated, it was good but with too many cold components to make it great. It seemed each dish came out within 10 mins of the one before... My husbands migas especial came and he, who has NEVER in all the years I've known him, not eaten what he's ordered, did just that today... He just did not like the soupiness not the flavor of the dish...total surprise to me. So we are 45 minutes into this meal and 3 kids have still not received the 3 chicken tacos they ordered and I did not get my dish. I got up and politely asked the server if we could cancel those orders as the rest of the table was already done. I asked why there had been such a delay (btw, I speak fluent Spanish so there was definitely no issue with understanding one another). The server just apologized and agreed that small kids should usually be the first to get fed (especially really you g ones, since otherwise you'll have a nacho chip throwing mutiny). She gave us the bill and guess what, she charged us $6.50 for the appetizer she offered us what seemed to be a co cession for the delay. Sorry CCC, as newbies to the area and with places like Lift, Sabrina's, Reading Market and a bunch of Mexican places and trucks in Philly that blow you away taste and service I cannot drum up one good reason to ever return to you.Stopped in for linner (somewhere between lunch and dinner).
SOLID fish tacos and burrito (they accommodated my request!).  Lightly fried fish, crisp lettuce, buttery avocado, perfect crunch on the pressed tortilla.  They currently set the bar for fish tacos in the area for me.  Sorry Los Gallos - I may have gotten a bad batch from you, but I almost gagged the last time I ordered yours :(  Service was friendly, though a bit lackadaisical.  Yes, I know, it's on par with other neighborhood joints.
I'd like to give them 3.5 stars - why do you ask?  My churros (the main draw for coming here) were a bit stale and the chocolate dip was not thick as other reviews said it would be.  I'll revisit the rating when I revisit on a busier day when they're making the churros fresh :)the food was amazing. so many gluten free and vegetarian options.  the prices are great.  i had the  nachitos, vegetarian tacos, and flan.Came here on a cold day and was welcomed immediately by staff. 
Food was filling and tasty. Would definitely try out the specials they have.I was recently introduced to this place by a friend. I didn't have any expectations and yet was completely blown away. I'm seldom impressed by most places. I'm not even a huge fan of Mexican food. However, that might have to change.
The space is small, yet for the time being don't expect the kind of wait you'd get out of say Honey's or Sabrina's. I mention those two places, because honestly- even though Cafe con Chocolate only offers Mexican it's at par if not better than the fabled deliciousness from those two famed bruncheries.
The restaurant remains in largely undiscovered territory for most people. There's really nothing out in that direction. It's a good 6-7 blocks west/2 blocks south of even the South Philly Taproom. However, it's entirely well-worth the trip. I seriously can't recall if I've ever had better Mexican food.
I ordered the namesake beverage for the restaurant, a cafe con chocolate. It kind of took ages for me to receive it- not sure what the deal was with that. As slightly annoying as that was, however, the drink was phenomenal- made with Mexican hot chocolate. My waiting woes were eradicated with how great it was.
My group went family style and ordered a myriad of dishes, several types of nachos, something akin to tamales and molletes (buttered, toasted long rolls topped with refried beans, mozzarella, jack and queso fresco served with pico de gallo) - all of which were simply phenomenal.
I'm reading now that they've got some sort of Japanese fusion going on, that wasn't indicated from what I could see on the brunch menu- though I'm excited to perhaps return for dinner and try it out.Food was fantastic. Huevos Rancheros, delicious. Cheese omelette, surprisingly perfect. Nachos with scrambled eggs, brilliant. Cafe con chocolate, better than expected. 4stars because service was slow at first, but then it all rounded out. Loved this place."Where the heck is this place?!" , I whined, having just finished a tough shift at my place of work nearby. We were following Billy, a local, who raved about Cafe Con Chocolate. We were zig zagging (take note, Rickon!) through the back roads north of West Passyunk until we finally reached our destination, a brightly painted feast for the eyes, in an otherwise drab looking area. 
Sufficed to say, it was worth the trip, and Billy once again shows that he knows what he is talking about. 
Philly is a city known for the cheesesteak but the fact is, there are a number of worthy sandwiches that deserve more fanfare; The Roast Pork, the hoagie, roast beef, sausage and peppers , etc. But it's time to add a new one to the list, The Torta. 
The Torta is essentially a hot sandwich with your choice of meat (I chose the picadilla, seasoned ground beef w/carrots and peas), served with various veggies and cheese on ...and this is key...a long Portuguese roll. 
As a baker, I've long been a fan of the underused Portuguese Roll. Thick and hearty with a flavor that both stands alone and compliments anything you put on it. And at Cafe Con Chocolate, they aren't just putting anything on it. Their fillings were fresh , plentiful and delicious. 
They have a simple but eclectic menu. I'd love to go back and try a number of things but that sandwich is so good it would be hard to deny. The decor was charming and inviting, the staff was friendly and helpful and the overall atmosphere was very relaxing. 
I can't say enough good things about this place. Definitely worth straying friends m the beaten path to give it a try .I recently moved to this South Philly neighborhood and I kept seeing the sign for cafe con chocolate out of the corner of my eye.  Always while heading in the opposite direction.  Well today I discovered what I've been missing, great Mexican food west of the Italian Market area.  
After a late night of perhaps a little too much to drink, I stumbled out of the house in search of something good to eat and decided now was as good a time as any to explore the culinary offerings of my new neighborhood. Well I got about half a block before coming to cafe con chocolate.  I approached to find that this was more than just a coffee shop but a Mexican/Japanese fusion restaurant.  I had to check it out.
Once inside I discovered that the menu was mostly Mexican.  There weren't many Japanese offerings but other options abounded.  Upon the recommendation of another customer, I ordered the enchiladas with pork and a side order of the home fries, which were touted on the board outside the restaurant.  The enchiladas came covered in a delicious salsa verde with a side of rice and refried beans.  Everything was wonderful.  The pork was tender and well flavored and was complemented perfectly by the salsa.  The potatoes came out piping hot but once cool I found them to be well flavored and with a great texture.  They were nice and crisp on the outside and tender but firm on the inside.  They also were great when dipped in the salsa.  I wish I had more room in my stomach.  
The staff was friendly as well as the clientele.  The decor was warm and there was great art on sale.  My only complaint is that this place is not open more.  They are not open Mon-Wed and don't open until 10 am the other days.  I could see myself getting breakfast here most mornings. In any case I will return often.  I glad it's just around the corner.All was very delicious and taste don't wait more and go taste those plates 
Muy rico todo les recomiendo todo esta riquísimo y muy buen servicioThe food and the drinks are simply amazing but the server is what gave this place a 5 star rating. Been here three or four times and she never once disappoint me or the guest. No need to say more.Have been waiting to try it, and was sorry I waited so long. We had a chorizo empanada that was full of flavor, hubby had mole enchiladas and I chose the rojas, each came with sides of rice and black beans. Arturo our server was friendly and took great care of us. Very tasy meals served in a  style which is slightly different than the Sonoran that we are acustomed to seeing, a nice change. The room is cozy and welcoming. Arturo was singing along to the music playing. It was a good night.Can I just say that this may have been one of the best breakfasts I've ever had? My partner disdains what he calls "American" breakfast- sausage, eggs, pancakes... the like. He finds it heavy and repetitive, which is why I'm always on the lookout for 'alternative' breakfast options. This place was a perfect pick, and I loved how kitschy and cozy it is inside. The service was very friendly and I could not believe how quickly our food came out. We ordered the huevos rancheros as well as their namesake drink, the Cafe y Chocolate. I've had huevos racheros other places, but this place really hit it out of the park. There were three semi-fried tortillas with green salsa and a poached egg atop each. It was served with black beans on the side as well as a side of pulled pork which we added on. Each element was perfectly cooked and the combination of each ingredient really made for a filling and delicious breakfast. Between the two of us, we were very full splitting this dish. I have to say that you cannot leave this place without trying the cafe y chocolate. I'm not a huge chocolate lover, but this coffee drink is absolutely delightful. It is the perfect mix of coffee, chocolate and spices and is served in a giant mug which warms your heart and stomach. I would definitely come back here, if only for the cafe y chocolate. Our bill was brought in a little handmade sewn doll, which was a cute touch. Although we were only in the city for a weekend, I found myself eager to return for breakfast the next day even though there were other places I wanted to try. I would definitely recommend to others and would love to come back during my next visit.One of the best Mexican places I have tried in Philly, up there with Barbacoa and Prima. I had the best hot chocolate ever, very fragrant horchata, and a delicious carnitas torta on really decent bread. The homemade hot sauces were awesome. Bonus - you can play battleship while you wait!Cute charming place! We saw the great reviews on yelp and decided to check it out on a casual Saturday evening. 
Initially we had explored the menu online and I think we were kind of confused by the contrast between the name of the cafe, the food on the menu, and its advertisement for being Mexican and Japanese fusion. Regardless, we went and ordered the Enchiladas de Mole and the Special Tacos with chorizo to share. The food really lived up to the good reviews, and the service was particularly cheerful and solid, which made the experience even more pleasant. The mole sauce was new but I enjoyed it a lot! One side note is that it did feel a bit on the more pricey end for the type of food/advertised price category ($), but we decided that it seemed worth it. 
To close off the meal, we got the Chocolate Oaxaca drink instead of the classic Cafe con Chocolate since I don't drink coffee. This was a big plus for my sweet tooth - a delicious large frothy mug of hot chocolate! It wasn't overly sweet but still tasted fairly rich, with hints of cinnamon that made it really flavorful. We intend to come again!came here for brunch with my husband, brother, and his gf. the food was great!! my husband's from LA..and he really misses good mexican food. he got a steak burrito and said it was really good. i had the mexican cheesesteak..it was huge and freakin delicious! my bro's gf doesn't eat meat..so she got the tofu torta and said it was really good also... very good sized portions! as far as drinks... the horchata is the best i've ever had..! the cafe con chocolate was also very good! the only thing we probably wouldn't order again would be the caramel stuffed churros... they had run out of the plain ones. the server was a doll...super helpful w/ recommendations.
love this place!I really like this place--it's like a little oasis on the sun-scorched strip of Snyder.  Great food, friendly staff and cozy atmosphere.  Easy going place with great smoothies, coffee and food.  I look forward to breakfasts here--except for the walk down Snyder.Overall....This place is totally worthy of 5 stars. The food was excellent! We had a party of 7 on this mother's day weekend for brunch. There was a picky eater a vegan and someone lactose intolerant within the group. There was something for everyone. The beverages were spectacular and the service was kind and inviting. The neighborhood was pretty shady but I'll go back for sure! On top the of it all, the price was MORE than reasonable.I wish I could rate this place 10 stars!! 
From the moment we arrived at 10:50am for Sunday brunch to when we left around 12:20pm, our experience was just amazing.  My husband, our toddler and I were seated despite not having all 5 of our group present.  We were catching up with friends who we hadn't seen and weren't rushed to order right away.  Our toddler was treated so great by all staff and even customers at the next table which was quite close (not always the case in a small Philadelphia restaurant.) We all had either breakfast burritos or another breakfast entree and were so satisfied and filled with our food--great value too!  As for the cafe con leche (huge beautiful mugs!) and horchata drinks, the BEST in Philadelphia!! We weren't rushed despite their being a line at times since it's a small place.
You can't go wrong for brunch with this place! I'm already planning my next visit back!!   Go here ----you won't regret it!Really Tasty. I can't remember what I had as this is kind of a late review, but it is a really good place for latin style brunch food. Almost every dish comes with beans and there are spicy and mild options on the menu. Whatever I had I remember it being quite good and my girlfriend had the Horchata and I remember it tasting delicious. The one thing I do recall was getting the signature cafe con chocolat which was huge and delicious. I'd go again for sure.This place is amazing!! My husband and I went for brunch over this past weekend, based on a recommendation from my sister. 
We ordered:
- queso fundido (with mushrooms, poblano peppers and chirizo): pretty good, will skip next time. 
- breakfast burrito: really really good. Don't forget to get the hot sauce, definitely makes it. 
- cafe con chocolate: uh-mazing!
- cafe oaxaco: doubly uh-mazing!
- churros: great! they usually have the options of either caramel or plain. We compromised and they let us have half and half. I'm really glad we did this because the caramel filled was good, but too sweet to eat too much of. 
Overall, will definitely go back. We'll definitely come back for more brunch. We'll add it to our regular rotation for brunches.Great coffee and tofu options for brunch along with meat options. I have brought many different groups of people here for brunch and they all love it.Great brunch spot, esp if you don't want to fight the crowds at the more standard brunch-type places.  Not a huge place, so probably don't get a crew bigger than 3-5.I only had a cookie and a Mexican hot chocolate, but they were both the perfect addition to my day. The decor is cute and cozy. This place was unexpected.Just finished eating the vegetarian omelette. This place is great! The omelette was perfectly seasoned, and I love that they have a fresh salad on the side. The coffee was delicious as well. The atmosphere is wonderful- love the homey-feel and the music. I highly recommend this place for anyone who's looking for Mexican breakfast food.Great atmosphere and food. We had brunch here with live music. Highly recommend the cafe con chocolate.The mexican cheesesteak was likely the best sandwich I've ever had. All the food was amazing, as was the service, and I loved the atmosphere. I unfortunately only tried the horchata (which was great), but I'm excited to come back and try more.I was looking for a place to try out near me and this place just happened to pop up. When we got there it was painted pretty cutely on the outside and when we go it, it was still pretty quaint. While there, i decided to get the Cafe con Chocolate which to my surprise was amazing, and the portion size was huge. I also decided to get a burrito, although it was a bit cold and soggy, they did make it to my order of no tomatoes. My boyfriend got an empanada and so did my friend. I decided to have some and it was pretty good and bug for only an appetizer. After that we got an order of churros (carmel bc why not) and tres Leches. The tres leches was alright, but let me tell you about the churros, absolutely amazing. If you're planning on going to Cafe y Chocolate i definitely recommend you try the churros. Absolutely amazing! This place is so cheap and fulfilling, I would definitely go again!Very aesthetically pleasing little restaurant. I was expecting Mexican and Japanese fusion from the way people talk about it, but it's actually just mostly Mexican dishes and then 3-4 Japanese options on the menu. Service was very warm and friendly. 
For dinner we got an order of nachos (of course) and empanadas. The nachos are HUGE, so much so that I only took a few bites of my empanada afterwards. The nachos were good but had a few too many cold elements and no spice at all - cold cheese, cold sour cream, lettuce - it makes a bit of a funky taste, especially towards the end. The empanadas are very good and the chorizo comes with potato mixed in which I've never seen before at other Mexican places (I've been to far too many). 
I'd be interested to go back and try brunch here and have some Mexican hot chocolate or coffee, neither of which I got since I went in the late evening for dinner and it was about a thousand degrees outside.One time I took refuge here after long hours of community service and I fell in love with this place. I loved the atmosphere and the coffee is amazing! I also had the flan, and it was spectacular. Can't wait to go back!"Eek! Methinks not" sums up our experience quite well.
I can and can not believe all of the raving reviews for this restaurant, alas, we had a horrid experience! 
We had tickets to see Rain at 1:00 and decided to check out Cafe con Chocolate for brunch, which is basically Mexican cuisine, although they do have a small selection of Japanese, imagine fusion of a Mexican and Japanese menu...
The place is tiny, with probably ten to twelve small tables all pushed together and they were all either seated or dirty when we walked in, so we chose to seat ourselves at the counter, which had six stools. The restaurant is colorful with bright walls, decorated with paintings that are for sale and shelves holding both Mexican and Japanese pieces. The floors are old and unfinished wood, which even have knot holes allowing the light from the basement to shine through. 
They do their own baking, as I witnessed the cook putting up trays of cookies and baked goods, while also preparing folks meals.
The dirty dishes get scraped and piled up into the hand washing sink behind the counter or stacked on the counter still loaded with uneaten food. The kitchen is off to the right with a queer set up, there is a board that the food is set on to be delivered to the tables, yet when the server walks into the kitchen, she must duck under this board and then immediately go down one step.
I will give our server five bright and shiny stars, how she did it, I will never know. First of all they offer a huge variety of coffee drinks, chocolate drinks, including mochas, smoothies, fruit drinks. She had a memory like none I have ever witnessed and as tables came in, she would take their order, take it to the kitchen and then make drinks, which took her quite some time and if another table came in, she would then take their order and go back to making drinks for that first table. Expect your beverages to take 15 to 30 minutes!
We walked in at 11:30, ordered at 11:45, we got our food at 12:45, well not quite, as it sat on the board for a good five minutes until we finally stopped her and said our food has been sitting there, we're hungry, we have a 1:00 play and it is getting cold. One server, who kept apologizing, she was doing her very best, including take out orders for drinks and food. Until that point, we kept saying it was okay, no worries, but at that point we had enough.
I ordered the molletes, which I had never had before and they sounded interesting. Two long buttered rolls with a layer of black beans, cheese and a bowl of very good Pico de gallo was served on the side. I had added chorizo and over easy eggs to top the molletes. I made it a point to tell her that I liked my whites cooked but my yolks completely runny. 
Well my eggs came out over hard, no runny yolk whatsoever. I showed her that the yolks were hard and she was planning on taking the plate back and I said no, we have to leave, just bring me two more eggs cooked properly. I wasn't the only table who sent back food, even though I held onto mine like it was gold. The eggs came right out, I ate half of one molletes, the eggs and packaged the rest to go.
To make matters worse there was no chorizo on the molletes, but at this point I didn't even care! We were still charged for it, getting your check takes another 5-10 minutes, as she then adds up everything that you ordered. Rather than argue we paid for the sausage, since our play, which was across town, had already started. 
Michael ordered the enchiladas, of which you had your choice of fillings, he ordered ground beef, etc., and your choice of mole sauce or a green salsa Verde, he chose the mole and got the salsa. It was also to come with a side of beans and rice. Now if you want to take a look at the other posters pictures, we had envisioned Spanish rice and refried pinto beans, the black beans were great, but the rice? It was plain white rice, totally unseasoned, I mean totally and had corn stirred in? Which looked nothing like this picture http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qaDImxPguQz0jToNYvB1Eg?select=59lHgE8PVzkzrLrV3iGtvQ
Portions are all huge and I enjoyed watching all of the food that came out of the kitchen. I watched as the owner/manager? Walked in right before we left and start to clean up the tables and dishes. One cook, one server on a very busy Sunday morning, maybe he should hire more help or come in quite a bit earlier. 
It's not located in the best section of the city, debris and litter everywhere and many folks who looked like they could be trouble. If you plan on checking out Cafe con Chocolate, I would suggest visiting on a week day or if going on the weekend plan on wasting a couple to a few hours.I specifically asked the hostess if I could be out by a certain time and they brought our food 10 min after that te. The hues Rancheros were very runny and difficult to eat.  The looked pretty bad worst I have had. My husband's burrito was a strong 4.Unexpectedly fantastic food. The last stop of a day filled with delicious food, and this was the winner. Ordered the fish tacos and it made me want to move to Philly. Sooo good. I believe the description said fried fish with guacamole. The fish was fried but definitely not greasy, it came out hot and flaky and delicious. It was also not a thick batter, but very light coating. The guacamole was not mashed like guacamole but rather small cubes of avocado, but was still good. Lastly I didn't know it was topped with chipotle mayo which I normally don't like but it was good and brought out the flavors well.
Horchata and tres leches were good too.Love love love this place! Food is absolutely delish!! You must get the cookies! Chocolate chip cookies are a must have at this place. The service as well was amazing. I think her name is Celine and she was such a sweet heart! Took her time explaining our questions, gave us suggestions and checked on us about 5 times, I give her a 20 on service!! Def will go back!!This was our second dinner at Cafe Con Chocolate, and I waited for the 2nd time around to write a review. I must say that this restaurant serves highly flavorful, and delicious mexican food. 
There were 6 people during each of our visit and everyone walked out highly impressed with the food, and the homely service. The experience you get is not that of a restaurant but that of home. Our waitress (Itzy?) was very patient, timely, and extremely helpful. For mexican food, this will be our restaurant going forward.
There are plenty of parking spaces on the streets. Since the restaurant is very small (5 tables possibly), I suggest you call ahead to reserve one for you.One of my faves... Get the carnitas ANYTHING. It's delicious. Yummy cafe con chocolate, chipotle potatoes, homemade salsas, etc. I can never come here enough to try everything that sounds good on the menu. Love the homey, cozy environment. My roommies and I love el jefe! Everything we've had was also delicious!I am lazy.  I don't like to venture outside of a 3 block radius when it comes to weekend brunch because a) I'm often hungover and b) I hate driving. Today I made the exception and finally trekked over to Cafe con Chocolate with a friend who's been insisting for months that I just HAVE to try it.  Well, she was right; it was totally worth the trip. What a cute place! I loved the look of it from the brightly painted outside to the warmly painted cozy inside with hammered copper tabletops. 
The place is pretty small and it was packed when we got there, but were able to snag a free table off in the corner.  I started out with the cafe con chocolate.  I figured a beverage must be pretty spectacular to name a restaurant after it...and it was! A big steamy mug of hot chocolate with a shot of espresso was exactly what I needed. Then came the food.  After what seemed like an eternity I was presented with a big delicious mess of a plate.  The Chilaquiles with mole sauce and scrambled eggs was delectable...and huge.  I sampled my friend's huevos rancheros which was also quite tasty.  We also shared a side of plantains (sweet fried deliciousness topped with cream and cheese) and home fries (perfectly fried and spiced with what I believe was chipotle).  
I was STUFFED by the end of this meal.  Portions are gigantic.  We had to utilize the table next to us for our sides of plantains & home fries because the main dishes took up our whole table. Despite my gluttonous state of brunch overload, I couldn't help but notice the nachos being served to the next table over.  Damn, they looked good.  I can't wait to go back to this place and try out more menu items!Delicious food and drinks.  I usually get the molletes and a smoothie.  All of the staff are super kind and we always love everything we get.Came here for a date and love the coffee and deco. Found a great place to go that is walking distance from my house but not love Brought my kids for lunch and we love everything we order. We all agreed that this is going to be a regular for usI just love this place. The place is small, very cute. The food is all very tasty! I have had a few things from the menu (food and drink) and have been very satisfied with all. Service is very good and the prices are cheap for the quality I felt. This is one my favorite places in South Philly.My favorite restaurant in Philly.  Food is always so amazing, giant portions and so tasty and authentic.  Service and food take a bit, so don't come if you are in a hurry.  I love to come here for brunch on a day off, get some fresh squeezed and also awesomely priced juice and some killer food.this place was way cute and the service was friendly and helpful.  what a neat concept for a cafe!  i loved the menu (lots of vege-friendly stuff) and it was hard to decide, but ultimately i went with the mexican menu and had nachos and an empanada.  i was surprised the nachos used that real mexican cheese whose name i can't pronounce.  great with sides of salsa verde and guacamole (which they didn't even charge extra for!).  my tofu empanada was a little bland but the nachos more than made up for it.  wish they had seitan or a heartier meat sub.  next time i will try the japanese menu.  i did pair my mexican meal with a japanese green tea which went down just fine.I was looking to introduce my boyfriend to the Mexican torta and to our luck the Mexican taco truck at the local park didn't show up. But we found this place! Reasonably priced, very mom-and-pop and cozy, which is exactly what I like about a place because it's usually where you find the best food. Don't let the neighborhood fool you into thinking this place is not worth it. 
 We had the huevo con chorizo torta and torta al pastor. Big serving, enough to have the other half for dinner. The Mexican hot chocolate was delicious. My boyfriend is an iced coffee addict and he really enjoyed the iced coffee.  For dessert we had churros. Churros are one of my favorite desserts so I know a thing or two about churros. The churros were crunchy and doughy, but lacked a bit of flavor.  The dipping chocolate was more liquidity than I was used to. There was a good selection of desserts, so maybe go for the flan or tres leches (another favorite dessert of mine). 
The staff was really friendly. We didn't have to wait long for our food. Overall, we had a great experience and I would highly recommend this place for a low-key, tasty meal.Wow what a cute little oasis of a cafe in a strangely not-so-nice neighborhood. The lady working at the counter is this super-sweet girl who provided excellent service. Don't get me started on the traditional Mexican coffees/drinks and desserts!!!
I got the Iced Blue Amaze and my friend got the Iced Cafe Con Chocolate, and both were delish! The blue amaze is a shot of espresso blended with ice, honey, cream, and this corn maize substance. I know - it sound strange, but the heartiness of the corn added an extra dimension to balance out the cream and espresso. The Cafe Con Chocolate had a rich chocolate base that brought out some of the coffee-espresso flavors, wrapped in some cinnamon. These drinks were so unique and ethnic (plus iced on a hot day) - perfect!!
And don't even get me started on the desserts - These are the BEST CHURROS I ever tasted, and really delicious Tres Leches cake. The churros were perfecttttt!!! They came out hot and piping with a careful blanket of sugar over. The churros is crispy on the outside and creates a gradient of crispy to soft/gooey in the center. Omgggg, sooo good! The center is so soft and delectably doughy, it melts in your mouth. Amazing!! I have to try the caramel ones next time. The chocolate sauce on the side was very light and liquid, not very rich. This actually worked perfectly because it let the churros truly shine, lightly flavored with cinnamon-chocolate.
The Tres Leches was also tres delicious!!! The cake was airy, light and fluffy, soaking up the condensed milk and cream at the bottom. It reminds me of how lady fingers soak up coffee in a well-crafted tiramisu. The beauty was the cake truly was light and took in the three creams, creating an almost cheesecake-like texture. The magic was that the cake was not soggy, but rather fluffed up from the cream. Yum!!! 
I'd love to come back here for brunch or more desserts! It's a bit out of the way, but a wonderful cute little cafe indeed!~Really cute place. Food was good and looked good. Really nice ownership and staff. I am looking forward to coming here more and more, getting more of the menu. I recommend this to anyone, no matter where you are coming from. Even though I have so many Mexican places where I live, I would still come back here anytime.This place is AMAZING. We went for brunch after the Broad Street Run with a large party and they accommodated us even though we had more people than our initial reservation. All the staff was very courteous and attentive. Also, they are BYOB and let you bring tequila which they prepare with margarita mix for you! It was so fun and the food was really great! Definitely would recommend and go back to.Nice place for a casual breakfast. Great coffee and tacos. Steak taco was good, but chicken one was a bit too dry. Coffee con chocolate was great! Made with espresso, milk, chocolate, and hint of cinnamon. Perfect balance and flavorful. I also saw a little band performed some songs which gave us a great start for our Sunday. CASH ONLY!!!!!!Grabbed a cappuccino with some mocha and a fresh chocolate chip cookie which the friendly girl said was homemade! Both were great! Good prices, quick service. Looking forward to try their tacos and hot chocolate.Excellent Food! Authentic food! Best tacos I have ever eaten! Nice small family restaurant!I've been quite a few times now, and the food has always been perfect. The breakfasts are great, and I love the fact there are some Portugese items too. The real treat is the combination of the food AND the many beverages they make (coffees, cocoa, juices, etc). Everything is very affordable and the hours are easy to deal with!Wow.  cozy, friendly, and delicious.  Brunch could not have been at a better place.
Espresso - awesome
Fruit juices - delicious
Heuvos - epic
Salsas - magnificent
Got some churros to go.  Perfect even cold.
Can't wait to go back!  A true gem.This is my new favorite restaurant. Seriously. Went for dinner without expectations, despite the amazing reviews here. It's in a totally middle-of-nowhere location, but it's right of 76. It's a tiny place, very unassuming. With a completely wacky menu. I guess it's Mexican, but nothing that's commonly served in an Americanized Mexican. And there are Japanese entrees too. And the most amazing hot chocolate ever. But I'll come back to that...
We went at 7 on a Saturday night and there was only one other couple there. There are small round tables for two, a homespun sort of feel in the "decor" with just-right lighting. A young woman behind the counter was super-nice and genuinely glad to see us. 
We ordered tacos with potatoes and nopales (cactus) - i know it sounds crazy - and a pork torta (hot sandwich). They came in plastic baskets. And the tacos were AMAZING! incredibly flavorful, just the right amount of heat. I could eat them every day and be happy. The torta was excellent too, but less interesting. It was large and loaded with pork, but not in that deli too-much-meat-in-a-sandwich way. The bread was deliciously crusty. 
The staff was absolutely charming. The cook came out and asked how the food was, not to be impressive like you get at upscale restaurants, but because she really wanted to know. She asked if it was the first time i'd had nopales (it was) and was obviously pleased at how much i liked them. It felt as though we were at a friend's house for dinner the first time and they really wanted us to like it.
We finished off with a cafe on chocolate - really hot chocolate. It was huge and absolutely delicious. As good as any I've had at the fancy chocolate shops. 
All of that for $21 and a very big tip.
I hesitate to share this find - but these people deserve to be outrageously  successful. So go! Next time I'm going to try the mole.
Oh, and they had Pandora playing a great mix. 
Really, other than replacing the plastic baskets I can't imagine what they could do better.I don't usually take the time to right a review, but this place is an exception so I must.  I honestly don't know why it took me so long to try this cafe, I've been passing by it for years.  A friend suggested I try it because they have vegan options, and I'm always looking for the next best vegan dish here in Philly.  Boy do I regret not going there sooner.  ABSOLUTELY THE BEST Mexican cafe in South Philly.  Not only does it have a great ambiance and wonderful and friendly staff, but the food is FANTASTIC!  Now, I can only speak for their vegan fare, but if they do vegan this well I can only imagine how great the rest of the menu is.  My go to menu item is the Tofu Torta; perfectly seasoned tofu on a crispy Portuguese roll with avocado, black beans, tomato and lettuce.  Their house-made salsas are to die for too!
Pick up a bottle of something tasty and make your way down to Cafe Y Chocolate, you won't regret it.Fabulous food!  We have been to Cafe y Chocolat 3x for brunch and 2x for dinner and it has been amazing every time!!!  Great huevos rancheros, enchiladas verde, fish tacos, Mexican coffee.    Never had a dish that wasn't fantastic.  Owner very friendly and he makes the experience wonderful.  Highly highly recommend!!!This place is remarkable! Its very authentic. Food straight from Puebla Mexico with class and style for us Philly Foodies. These folks did it right!  Not only quality but huge attention to detail.Delicious Mex and chocolate! The smoothies were excellent too-- thick, ice-cold, and oh so refreshing. Everything on the menu that we tried was spiced (or spicy) and flavorful. Excellent Portuguese bread side. Get it!