I have seriously been missing out. For years, I've passed this place on the Blvd, not really knowing what it was. I decided to go Sunday afternoon/evening because I was craving some really good Mexican food. Where I live, good Mexican food places are slim for the picking. I came upon this place on Google and decided to try it out. When I got there, there were a some customers inside, not too crowded though. The menu seemed interesting and different from the Chipotle and Qdoba I've been used to. I decided to go with the blackened chicken Caesar burrito and one soft fish taco. The service was fast although I had to wait a few minutes longer for my fish taco. No biggie. Fast forward to the first bite of my burrito... I was in heaven. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and tasted fresh. All of the ingredients tasted fresh, actually. The filling was evenly distributed, I got a taste of everything in each bite. The fish taco was great. A bit too salty for my liking but it didn't stop me from devouring the whole thing. The fish was hot and flaky, almost melt in your mouth. I will definitely go back to try something different.This is one of the best places to get take out food in the northeast. The food is always very fresh, and the prices are extremely reasonable. You really can't go wrong with any of the options on the menu. The staffExpensive for what you get. The rice is always hard, salads aren't real lettuce - they just use the taco shredded lettuce. This review is for the one on the boulevard, I've heard better reviews for the other locations.i really really like the food. Only reason they are getting 3 stars, is because I feel like the prices are really high for a chain. However, food is fresh and quickly prepared. Food can be made to order. Guac and chips is my favorite!
Be prepared though for shitty parking.I like this chain and we usually eat at lincoln highway location where the management/people that work there are very friendly and food is prepared really well and as per the California tortilla standards. We happened to be in the Roosevelt blvd and decided to eat at this location.  All the food items were horribly prepared and looked /tasted differently than other location. When asked the manager started arguing with us,  very unfriendly. Stay away from this location, go to the one on the lincoln instead.I really dig this place for a quick taco/burrito fix. Lets face it, Its a fast food restaurant but its leagues above the likes of Taco Bell (real meat or bust!).
The burritos are massive, the tacos are juicy and the chips with queso dip are a must-have side.
They also have this service called "Burrito Elito", its their rewards card. I would advise you snagging one while your there because the perks are pretty sweet! If you tally up enough points you can get $5 towards your next purchase AND you're eligible for free food. Thats a win in my book! 
The staff is really awesome, too. Always friendly and accommodating to custom orders. And they whip out your order like its nothing, I've never had to wait more than 5 minutes for my order.I ordered online and the majority of the order was wrong when I got home. I ordered 1 fish taco which was correct, but was one small measly piece of fish on the tortilla, then the turkey chili nachos. There were no nachos and the bowl had nothing in it but queso, guacamole, sour cream, lettuce, salsa, and jalapeños, which I asked to not be on there, and no meat. I called and asked to be refunded as I wasn't going to be able to make a trip back and they weren't able to do so since I paid online. They said that the online ordering system doesn't always show the same as what the person ordered. Wouldn't they think to fix that somehow so they don't have these problems? The woman on the phone asked for my card number to refund me, which I was prepared to give and then put me on hold. A man then picks up and I told him that I already explained the story to the woman that I was just on the phone with. He told me they gave me what I ordered which is NOT correct, or I wouldn't even be calling. I told him that even the previous woman said that the online system doesn't always process what the person ordered, and I explained to him that I did NOT order what I was given. It's correct on the receipt in my e-mail, just not in the bag. I told him there was no meat and no nachos. He told me that he made it himself and then it turned into an argument. He eventually told me I could come in whenever I want and give his name for a free order of whatever I want, which is nice, but his tone and demeanor prior was just not appropriate. I'll be going for the free meal, but won't return after that. Their food is decent, I just recommend going in or calling and NOT using the online system.My first time here and got the Korean BBQ burrito and the fish tacos. Both were excellent. I really like the fish tacos. The workers there are kind and they help me out with what I want on my burrito and tacos. There are plenty of seats to eat at. They have a lot of hot sauces with ranges of spiciness. I will definitely come back.Seriously, I wish there was a location downtown because this is wayyyyy better than Chipotle. 
I ordered a make-your-own bowl, I know I know, im so "basic'. I put so much random stuff in it that I couldn't even tell ya. But I know I had carnitas and steak. The best part of this place is all of their sauces. That had a few behind the counter that they do for you but they also have an entire wall of sauces. They also have little cups so you can take a few sauces with you. 
Service was eh. It was the end of the night, but I don't think thats an excuse.The 3 stars above are only based on burritos.  For burritos, they get 3 stars.  For steak fajitas- 0 stars (more later).  First of all, California Tortilla is not trying to be anything that it's not.  It's a chain.  it doesn't try to be fancy and so everything is no-frills.  Don't expect a lot.  
I've had several of the burritos...favorites are Honey-Lime and the California Screamin' (blackened chicken is good here).  Love the wall of hot sauces---could spend a lot of time just tasting the different ones.  Never had a problem with the service and so I'll probably come here again for a quick bite---while not the best, it's solid. 
Ok, so the one time I ordered fajitas here, I had take-out.  Brought it home and found that they never gave me tortillas---kind of a big deal when you're trying to eat a fajita.  Anyway, I decided to roll with the punches (and didn't feel like driving back), so I just made do.  BUT my steak was disgusting
absolutely disgusting
Is steak supposed to taste game-y?  I don't think so.  It was pretty gross...it's making me gag just writing about it.  
Stick to the burritos but if you go with anything else, stay away from the steak.  Trust me.I have driven past this restaurant a dozen times and never stopped.  Well I finally visited and was pleasantly surprised.  I had the fish taco combo. All I can say us YUMMO!  The staff was friendly and the restaurant is very clean.  You must try their wall of flames. I have never seen so many hot sauce choices.  I will definitely be back.Fresh made to order. Fish taco combo is a staple. Veggie lovers have a no-meato burrito, but any meat entree off the menu can be substituted with grilled veggies. Hot sauce galore! Tons to choose from on a 1 to 10 scale so everyone is happy. Favorites are even for sale. 
Baby changing station IN the men's room. wooohooo!
Get the free rewards card if you are a regular. weds are double points dayTijuana flats closed and I needed a fish taco place... well, this isn't it.  The fish is good but its just a boring fish taco.  Some shredded lettuce and cabbage doesn't make a fish taco. :( The staff was nice though, just disappointed.  
My fiancé got he tacos and was also disappointed.  Small & boring.  We didn't try the burritos though so maybe they're better..I dont know why Im reading all these reviews & mostly everone has a problem. This place has great food & good service. I love the burritos the best. They also have outdoor seating. Also if u get one of their cards,with so many points you get $5 to use on ur next purchase.Meh. It's ok.
The restaurant was surprisingly clean. I thought since it was in a strip mall on the boulevard that it wasn't going to be too great....but it was very clean.
The staff was friendly to me and let me customize my burrito when I explained to them my food allergy. The front counter girl was very knowledgeable as to the cooking process and ingredients and helped me out very much!!
The burrito itself was just ok, although I think I may have made a poor choice with the chicken fajita burrito since I left out the guacamole and sour cream, ew. It was pretty tasty but needed just a little something. 
The portion size filled me up and left me with a half to take home which was pretty cool!
This place actually reminded me of a Chipotle and Baja Fresh hybrid!
I'd say go try it out! It's good if you need some quality food in a hurry. If you're anything like me and won't step into a fast food joint, this is definitely a good place to stop in on the run!Here's why I liked this place and why i will go back to this location: the manager. I had great customer service. Great. 
It's about time.
Here's why it was great: I wanted to get some food. I wanted it to be dairy free. I was concerned about dairy being hidden in say, the guac or having a small dollop of sour cream smooshed into the veggie burritto I was trying to order ( it happens- this is not paranoia completely). I was quizzing the server at the counter and she wasnt quite getting it. The manager came over and easily picked up on my sweat inducing concerns. She carefully took my order and helped the check out girl ( server, sort of waitress, whatever) note my dairy free concerns so the order would be correct and I could actually eat it. 
The SG and were very pleased.
I though the food was good- for a sort of fast food place ( which i loathe- I loathe loathe loathe fast food), my veggie burritto had pieces of corn, zucchini, several colors of peppers- not too shabby. It wasnt greasy. It was yummy. It was dairy free.
Also note worthy unless you are wearing blinders and a headset, aare the 75 varities of hot sauce that you can pick out, try and try again. The SG was having a good time with this- that and reading the names. nothing like putting "rectal Blowout  Hot Sauce" on your food.
Appealing huh?I legitimately crave this food. Very fresh & so much flavor. Totally blows Chipotle, Moes, & Baja Fresh out of the water!Love this place and love all the hot sauce selections! I always get the California Screamin burrito and it is so delicious. I love to top it off with one of the many delicious hot sauces.this place isn't worth the money. Forgot half the stuff in my order. If you want better go to Tijuana Flats in Bensalem on street rd, or go to a Chipotle.I never thought I'd find a mexican chain restaurant better than chipotle. But, after a two year long obsession, I finally think I did. This was the type of burrito that takes me two meals to finish, but also the kind that I think about for the next two days but not in the same type of way chinese food makes you crave it because of all of the added chemicals. 
Their guacamole and chips is great. For me, the guac being bad is actually a deal breaker. The burritos are stuffed with rice more so than anything else. The Burrito had plenty of cilantro and flavorful spice. I had the Fajito Burrito with regular chicken instead of one of the delicious flavored options. The chicken was so moist and the burrito was filled with Red and Yellow Peppers with Onions.  There is a nice layering system going on instead of everything being mixed together.
I can't wait to go back in a few weeks. This is the type of place where I'm going to have to monitor my visits.I never had a bad meal from California tortilla.  The staff is friendly and the restaurant is clean.   
I would frequent this sport more often if  not for the lousy parkingCal tort is the best local place for fresh "fast food" tacos.  I think the same guy has managed/run the place since it opened and is there ever time I go.  The interior has a loud decor to it.  A dizzying array or reds, oranges & yellows swirl about creating a visual sensory overload. The seating is awkward, uncomfortable (somewhat cramped) & a challenge at lunch. The crew is always out wiping down tables for quick turnover and keep it relatively clean.  There is seating outside but the smokers congregate there make it an unpleasant dining experience.  Take your appetite if a burrito is what your after because these things are huge. Loaded with rice beans meats and more!  You're gonna need 2 hands for this thing!  Salads are crisp and tasty - freshest tacos I've had anywhere. A little pricier than a fast food place yet cheaper than on the border. Join the burrito eliteo (sp?) for specials and perks! Take a taste - the quality/quantity of ingredients it is worth it.In my opinion California Tortilla is better than Chipotle , which is better than Qdoba. 
I used to work near this location and one of my coworkers would not shut up about this place, now I understand why.  I always order the fajita burrito with steak along with the chips and queso.  They also have a catering menu, so you can order a giant portion of chips and queso.  
Don't hesitate in joining the burrito elito reward card. I just received $5 to spend at California Tortilla because I spent $50.  I also enjoy the fun hot sauces they have available for purchase displayed on their walls.
My only complain is that Cali Tort needs to have more locations near Center City, other than the express one in the airport.Well I had been meaning to try this joint for a while as it's close to home and as a recent Philadelphia transplant from California, I am quite partial to burritos. Well I can honestly say that I wasn't disappointed, in fact quite delighted.
There are many burrito options, including a build your own option which includes both traditional and non-traditional or gourmet options. In LA (and all over California) there are tons of Baja style burrito shops - my favorite - and out here on the east coast there is more of a Mexico City/Cancun/Playa del Carmen style Mexican food. I mean, burritos themselves are an american creation, but I like mine that are essentially giant tacos - aka Baja style. So, it goes without saying that I built my own, baja style, and loved it. There are also a number of burritos you can order that are "chef inspired" which looked good as well, although I did not try those.
The staff was friendly and the place was well lit and clean. There was an abundance of different hot sauces to try, which they also sell if you discover one that you like. On the tables there is a smoky chipotle sauce that was just ok. The soda fountain was also worth mentioning because they had a Fanta birch beer which I tried and liked a lot. One place where this joint would improve is by offering some Aguas Frescas, particularly Horchata, Fresa, and Jamaica. That would make it even more "Californian" as well as grilling the tortillas.
Will definitely be back.Very large sized burritos for a low price. I love this place and its outdoor seating. I go here with my 7 year old for lunch sometimes. It beats any other fast food place i the vicinity...Enjoy :)I had a really good burrito from here a few weeks ago wen they sent us a voucher for a free entree in the mail. 
It had chicken, rice, sour cream and cilantro inside. The chicken had good spice and the tortilla was nice and soft.
I don't think it's quite as good as Qdoba or Chipotle, but it was worth 4 stars for sure!Stopped in here during a roadtrip and was pleasantly surprised! The selection is varied with offerings of quesadillas, burritos, bowls and tacos (pork, chicken, beef, steak, fish, veggie) for each and the selection of hot sauce is out of this world! I say this establishment is preferable to a standard Chipotle or Moes. The burrito was sizeable and just what I was looking for after a long day with several hours remaining in the car. Will definitely be back if the opportunity presents itself!It's a bit loud, the seating isn't very comfortable and the parking lot was dirty so we almost turned back.  I'm glad we didn't as the food was very good and our group had a wonderful time trying many of the hot sauces!  Fun, casual place.So far, the only negative I'm able to find about this place are the prices. The tacos are fantastic and the chips and queso have been good every time I've gotten them. Like I said though, they are a bit pricey. They have a 2 taco special, with a drink and a side that runs almost $12. Two tacos isn't exactly a bounty of food, so IMHO the price is out of proportion with what you get. I don't think it will stop me from eating here though, as the ingredients are always fresh and tasty. They also have a literal WALL of sauces, and its fun to try different sauces every time I go. The dining room has been quiet every time I've gone, which is weird how they are surprisingly empty around lunch time. Eh. The next time I have a $20 burning a hole in my pocket, I'm gonna try a burrito to see how they stack up to Pancheros or Chipotle.I  have eaten here more than a few times since early 2011 and I  really like their fajitas especially their chicken fajita and steak fajita,and their burritos are really good too.They also have very good home made salsa that is much better than any type in a jar from the store.I also had their tacos once 1 meat and 1 chicken taco together and they were also very good.Their tortilla chips are also so good but to fattening to eat too often! The staff has always been nice too so far.And it's a lot better than Taco Bell that is right across the street.
I  have also gotten a free burrito on my birthday two years and soon to be 3  times with my Burrito Elito points card.Never have I ever not finished my food when I go out but today that changed when I ordered the California Sunset Salad. The picture made it look delicious but it was completely gross. There was this horrible sauce on top of it that tasted too spicy and sour. I even had my girl try it and it grossed her out as well. I had a bad taste in my mouth for the rest of the day.Believe it or not, this really is a chain deserving of 4 stars.
The customer service is excellent. The employees are energetic and friendly. The Burrito Elito is one of the best rewards programs around. You get $5 back for every $50 you spend, a free burrito for your birthday, and all kinds of other random stuff. 
My favorite menu item is the fish taco combo. CalTort has to make some of the best fish tacos in the city. They really are fantastic. I also like the taco salad. It'ts served in a taco shell bowl with all the fixins and your choice of protein and dressing. I always get salsa instead of dressing and then smother it in their signature "California Screamin" hot sauce. There's also a California Screamin burrito that I really enjoy. It has some really tasty blackened chicken, rice, beans, etc.
As a hot sauce lover, the Wall of Flame is really awesome. They have a ton of hot sauces to try, and if you really love it, you can purchase a bottle of any of the sauces. I always make sure to keep a bottle of the California Screamin sauce in my fridge, and I challenge you to find something it doesn't taste delicious on.
The quality of the food at CalTort is better than Chipotle, Qudoba, Panchero's, Baja Fresh and all of those other mediocre fast-casual chains, and with more choices. I've never had anything here that wasn't crazy fresh, and that is why I keep coming back.Always fresh.  Great service.  Chicken fajita bowl was tasty.  Added black beans and shredded cheese.  Saved $5 for being a card member.Always fresh! Could work on the "friendly" a bit, but whatever. The fish tacos are fantastic!  Although three out of five times they've given me soft tacos when I wanted hard ones. The chips with guac, cheese and salsa are really good! This had been here for a long time and I'm kicking myself for eating taco hell when I would've really enjoyed this instead!Let's see I ordered fish tacos and one regular chicken I'm going to start by saying I saw 4-5 people who ordered after me get all their stuff before I did them when I get to work to eat this bs it had so much sauce on it it was a mess and taste how it looked!! it was sauce under my shell so i wasn't able to hold it without wrapper the chicken had nothin on it but chicken and lettuce n cheese not what I asked for. They can keep this food no thanksMy company has ordered from here numerous times and I finally have to write a review on our experience. We have chosen to make this a weekly spot for our company. The Cal Tort in Royersford has such a pleasant and upbeat staff as well as an awesome environment. We have never had an unhappy employee. Even when we order 15 things in a row... somehow, everything is RIGHT! You can't find that kind of customer service everywhere! You guys are awesome and have some amazing food! 5 STARS from all of our staff!Love the food at California Tortilla. Staff is quick and friendly. Store is clean.I always come here when I'm craving either Mexican or something fresh and not "fast foody". I usually go to Panera for something like this, but Cal Tort is so much closer so this has been my spot. There is an extensive menu and let me tell you- everything is good. The portions are always big and everything tastes fresh. The store is kept clean and the tea is fresh as well. I'm always happy to see the manager (I'm guessing that's who he is). I always take long to order because I can't decide and he's very understanding haha. The food is made in literally the time it takes me to pour my drink. With that being said, if you love Mexican inspired fresh food and fast casual dining- This is the best spot!Really good food. Casual ambiance and friendly staff. Not "real" Mexican food, but a good "fast food style" taco/burrito joint. Healthy choices are plentiful, and a great selection of hot & spicy sauces. Come hungry!Always delicious ! I always get the fish tacos and in the summer when they bring the shrimp back I always have the shrimp tacos ! I wish there was shrimp all year round, I go probably 3 times a week sometimes.......because it's so good and close to work......guacamole is delicious but I wish they gave me a little bit bigger portion I eat about 6 chips and my guacamole is gone....:I know I can pay extra for a bigger container but it's too many chips for the small guacamole!This is not an authentic mexican restaurant and fits into the category of Chipotle/Qdoba, etc. The difference is, Cali Tort does it way better. The service here is always great. I cannot say enough about this location, have been coming here since the first week this location opened years ago with no problems. The food is delicious. The quality is good and the burritos/bowls are always consistent in terms or portion and quality. The wall of hot sauce intrigued me in the beginning and now I have a few go-to sauces here that are hard to find anywhere else, mainly because my favorite is Cali-Tort's brand name sauce: California Screamin' (Not as hot as it sounds, but the perfect little kick and very flavorful). The rewards program is another perk, with free burritos after ordering so many and emails every few weeks with specials. I love it here!I ordered lunch for here this past Saturday afternoon.  I opted for the California Sunset bowl which is a chef's bowl-similar to a burrito bowl.  The California Sunset includes mesquite chicken, chopped veggies, rice and beans, salsa, avocado and cilantro on a bed of spinach.  What I ordered and what I received were to different things.  The chopped veggies were not chopped-there were huge chunks of onion and other veggies.  My bowl was just thrown together and did not look appetizing at all.  Very disappointed!I come here once in a while & it helps when they mail you a buy one entree get one free coupon. I try and watch calories and this is a cheat meal for me, or in this case after a 15K race. The parking lot can be a bit of a mess as it seems like no one knows how to drive anymore. But once you are inside everyone is super friendly. The place is always well taken care of. 
I absolutely love their queso. If you never tried it and like queso you won't be disappointed! I never get the same thing because everything I order is always delicious. And I love that there is a full shelf of various hot sauces and some are available for purchase.I had a craving for a burrito and was really excited to try a new place. I was welcomed and the service was great! After a couple of bites, realized my crazing was still there. This place just doesn't do it for me and it's crazy expensive & no place to park...seriously not worthy it! sad to say I'd prefer Taco Bell over this place!Stopped by here randomly as our gps had us lost on the highway and we were starved!! Never heard of the place but hunger overruled and we went in. Was clean and well lit and the bathrooms were clean too (big plus in my books!) and the winner for me was their no meato burrito!!! It is the best burrito I've ever had. I actually finished mine before my husband for a change, and that rarely happens. Delicious!! Wish there was one downtown coz this is too far for me to swing by. But if am ever lost in that area again I know where I will be found!!Korean BBQ burrito is where is it at! Delectable to say the least. Every bite I took was making me make nom nom nom noises. Honorable mention the Blackened Chicken Caesar burrito. It has black beans in it which are my fave. Would have giving 5 stars but it was pricy $30 for two people.California Tortilla is a chain of Mexican fast-casual type restaurants (based out of MD) similar to Baja Fresh.  It is named such because it is California style Mexican food--fish tacos, light flavors, some Asian influence.
I'm not too sure about every item on the menu, as I always order burritos when I come here.  (I recommend the Crunchy BBQ and the Thai Chicken.)  The burritos come in either small or regular and you can add a soda and chips and queso for $2.  The regular isn't as huge as most places, so don't be too afraid of it. The peculiar thing about their selection is that it's all chicken burritos.  I suppose you could substitute steak for an added fee, but there's nothing that comes with steak normally.  
Unlike places like Chipotle, Cal Tor (as a Marylander would call it) does not allow you to customize your burrito's toppings (but they have such a variety that it's not entirely necessary).  And unlike Baja Fresh they do not have a salsa bar.  What they DO have (which is a HUGE PLUS for me) is a wall of hot sauces.  Now you can try a bunch of sauces and mix and match with your burrito for a different taste every time!
This places is pretty good, and I prefer it over Baja Fresh, but not over Chipotle (who's meat quality is far superior).  Don't expect a Taqueria burrito, but this places is pretty good as far as chain burritos go.Fast and tasty however the chicken is cut very big should be smaller would be more to my liking. Also if you like save baby they have so many for you to choose from. Not as many topping as moes which is my favorite but it's still tasty. I would go againI was in the area today and wanted something different for lunch. Usually i would make my way to a Chipotle but I've been by this place a bunch and wanted to give it a shot. They have a huge variety of sauces. 
The restaurant is very clean but it was awfully quiet for lunch time. I ordered the Korean BBQ burrito combo. It came with a drink and chips. For $12.00 it's a steal and I love the fact that it came with cheese sauce. I asked the lady what meat she recommends for the Korean BBQ and she just shrugged her shoulder, okay, went with the steak. Unfortunately the burrito was flat out bad! The rice was undercooked almost to the point it was crunchy. It also lacked seasoning. The steak was just as bad, it had a strange flavor to it almost a sour taste. The burrito was a nice size and had some good heat to it and the tortilla was good but, I only ate half of it. It was that bad I could not finish it. The chips were good but heavy on the salt.
I know I'm in the minority but this place just isn't for me. I will not be back, I'll just stick to what I know. 1 star all day.Stopped here for a late dinner last night. I rarely eat here, but whenever I have been here, they've always been consistent with food and service. 
First thing I observed: this place is immaculate. I'm talking drink counter, tables/booths, floor, etc. Everything was clean! Trash cans weren't overflowing. I'm glad they make cleanliness a priority. It makes me want to come back when I see employees are taking care of their working space. 
The service at the front was awesome. We each ordered burritos and the young lady asked us if we wanted to make it a combo by adding chips and a drink. I ended up removing/adding ingredients in my burrito while placing my order and she said, "Sure, we can do that for you!" without hesitation. Asked us if we had a Burrito Elito rewards card for our order (we came prepared!) and directed us to go the end of the counter for our food to be called out when it was ready. It was a very pleasant interaction. I rarely see other fast food restaurants take pride in customer service the way California Tortilla does. 
The burrito I had was exactly what I was craving. I knew I could count on Cal Tort to put together a fully stuffed burrito for me! It was flavorful and didn't fall apart. Veggies inside were crisp and the tortilla wasn't soggy. Their chips and guac is one of my favorite parts of the meal. You can tell the guac is made fresh daily in house. Just so good. 
The prices here are a little higher than your average Mexican fast food joint but totally worth it. You get a lot of bang for your buck. I'll keep supporting Cal Tort as long as they're around!Great Mexican chain! Tacos and burritos are the go-to. Occasionally take out orders have been messed up, so best to take a quick glance before you leave for home!They have the best burritos! You must try the blackened chicken burrito, packed with chicken, guac, sour cream, black beans, cheese and lettuce, rice and chopped tomatoes salsa. If you like a little spice- it has a little kick to it! The place is very clean and on Monday's you get to spin the wheel for free food which is awesome! 
I like to get the meal deal which comes with the chips and salsa also and a drink for like 12 bucks! Can't beat the price because the servings are very large. Another cool thing about this place is the section of hot sauces... there's so many sauces to choose from, you can pick your sauce then put it in a to go cup to take home and try it! Love love love this place.I don't know what it is about California tortilla but I just can't find myself to like any of their food. In my opinion, chipotle and qdoba are 100x better.I've only been to this restaurant once, and I don't think that I'll be going back.
Starting off with the food, it wasn't too bad.  I feel that they're a little over priced, but the portion was fairly big.  Though I'm used to burritos being stuffed with beans and not rice.  The burrito was stuffed with rice, which was actually fairly well cooked.  The pork in it was cooked decently as well.  Both were moist and tender, which I wouldn't expect from a fast food place.
On the down side, I feel that it was made a bit sloppy.  It seemed that all of the seasoning and sauces were all squirted into a single pile at one end of the burrito, and it wasn't the end that I started from.  Once I moved past the bland end, it wasn't too bad.
Cleanliness in this place was definately an issue.  I couldn't find a single table that had been wipped down.  Every single one had the remains of somebody else's meal on it.  That was a HUGE turn off for me.  The floor wasn't any better.  Honestly, once I saw the dining area, I wanted to ask for my money back.  The place was that disgusting.  The food came up a little too quickly though, so we toughed it out.
My next issue is with the place being family friendly.  I saw a lot of parents w/ kids there, myself included, but I would NEVER consider bringing my kids there again.  Yes, they have a kids menu.  Yes, on the surface it looks like a safe place to bring your kids, but on closer inspection it really isn't.
The reason why is the "wall of fire", or whatever they wanna call their hot sauce shelves.  Most of the labels for these hot sauces are too much, and shouldn't be prominently on display several times in the restaurant.
Seriously, I don't want my to bring my children to a restaurant that serves "Ass in Antarctica" or "Kick Ass".  I don't want them looking a labels that have pinups on them and women tube tops, thongs, and stilettos.  Many, and I mean many, of the bottle labels were waaay to risque to be display around kids.  I like naked and half naked women as much as the next guy, but it's still not appropriate in a restaurant that's supposed to be catering to families.
I know that having 75 different hot sauces is a selling point, and I'm all for having access to hard to find stuff.  I also aware that California Tortilla doesn't produce any of these products, nor do they name them or design the labels.  That doesn't matter.  They do contol what products they choose to carry, and how they are displayed.  If this is what they want to display, then I won't be eating there.This reminds me of Machismo Burrito Bar in that it has the huge amount of hot sauces to try but their quality is more reminiscent of Chipotle with which their prices align more with as well. You do not get the open customization of said places though with their set menu. There is not too much else to say about this chain other than I think it is funny that it has "California" in the name but the company is based out of Maryland.Yum! We stumbled on this spot when we were trying to avoid horrendous turnpike traffic. My husband and I were cranky, the kids were "starving to death" and we were all happy to see a fast option that didn't feature burgers and fries. 
We frequent a Moe's near our house, and I have to say, this was better. The street tacos were so flavorful and delicious. The burrito bowl was crammed full of fresh veggies and the kids really liked the kids burritos. They were also on the bigger side, which was nice since our boys are on the verge of outgrowing most kids meals. Queso had a nice kick to it. Best of all, we came on a Tuesday, when kids eat free with an adult entree. Score! Friendly staff and a clean store made it a 5 star stop.iBurritos are delicious! Great for a quick sit down or take out. My only complaint would be that they give you a ridiculously small amount of salsa if you order chips and salsa. 3 chips and my salsa was gone :(Food is good but kind of pricey. Chips and queso is very good. Cleaning woman was very friendly. Lots of options on the menu, but I only went with my daughter and when they told me how much I paid I was very surprised how much it cost for just myself and my four year old to eat there.Now that Tijuana Flats closed. had to find a new spot.  So I decided to try California tortilla,
I was pleased with everything about this place, There was so many hot sauces to choose from on the wall, The Menu has pretty much on it, the inside was nice, alot room to sit. Nice and comfortable, 
The prices will set you back about $10 each person, for pretty much anything you get on the menu, Considering the kids menu alittle cheaper. Overall I give this place 5 stars, 
I got the Fish Tacos combo, comes with 2 fish Tacos, soft or hard, your choosing. And got salsa and chips with it and a soda, friend of mine got the chicken Caesar wrap, regular size, that's enough, their pretty big size, with chips and avocado, soda, his son got kids menu item, chicken and cheese in a soft taco with chips and nacho cheese, 
We all enjoyed the food, And would go back again. 
Don't forget to sign up for their Rewards program!!This is my go to lunch spot for something quick and easy. I ALWAYS get the enchilada bowl with blackened chicken and add corn. Very filling portion size and worth the price.One of the best Mexican fast food type places! They have a very expansive menu with all types of yummy burritos and bowls. Thy even have some healthier options for the health nut. Came in to get my blackened chicken burrito fix- since it's been months maybe even a year since I've eaten here! 
Walked in and the staff welcomed us- the staff is always friendly and smiling- which I love! I ordered the original blackened chicken burrito with guacamole, lettuce, tomato, rice and beans. I forgot to add the sour cream! So note to self for next time- I gotta ask for sour cream- it made the burrito a bit dry and difficult to swallow. 
I watched as the staff prepared my meal- and the guy packed it so much. I saw him try to wrap it multiple times cause it was so thick! But I was excited to taste the burrito. I thought I ordered the large special but was given the small chips and salsa- hopefully I didn't pay extra and get jipped- guess I wouldn't know. Anyway.... the food came up super fast cause we were the only people in line! Got my food- drove home and couldn't wait to dig in! 
The burrito was huge- I took a photo and it was almost as big as my head! It was packed with so much meat, cheese and filling! I deff was pleased with the portion! The chips were also tasty and the salsa also but had a bit of a kick- some kind of spice in the salsa- my nose kept running- downside to the salsa- there wasn't enough- the portion was so small.i come here often when i crave quick mexican food. they have a good selection of hot sauce which im a fan of. i always get the thai bee sting sauce to compliment my burrito. never disappoints! come on mondays and you get a free spin on the wheel for a freebie!It was good places to eat but it's hard to find and not known. Food was lil cold though. Can pick any spices you want which was best thing.I've come to the realization that in recent years people are more accustomed to experimental cooking, fusion flavors, sauced & trendy ideas. 
However, if you're doing such things you have to do them right. K-BBQ tacos are delish. Not this time. Taco I had was smothered in so much sauce the entire time I had a mouth full of liquid. the slaw was so extremely wet it was essentially there for your daily hydration rather than a nice balance for the meat. The meat was very tender, but I couldn't taste anything as it was drowned in so much "Korean bbq sauce" it wasn't enjoyable. 
I also got a California screamer. The chicken was so dry and hard I threw it away after a few bites. The tomatoes had coagulated together and became a meteor that sat a top of an equally disappointing Taco. The ONLY redeeming factor this chain had was the sauce bar. Impressive to say the least but someone needs to clean those bottles. Everything was sticky to the touch, had caked on pepper and whatnot all over the lids/side of bottles. 
I hope this place fixes how they prepare their food. I'd try it again once that happens.Very yummy California-style Mexican food!  Fresh and tasty!  The service was excellent! Shout out to Joey who went out of his way to correct our order (our mistake!) and get it to us fast!  Enjoyable take out for a nice evening at home on the patio!Ordered delivery. And not gonna lie. Food was pretty good. But what threw me off WAS THE $8 DELIVERY CHARGE!!!! Holly fuck. Idk if that was straight for the driver as a tip or what. But that's gotta be the highest charge I have ever seen.I went there because I was really curious to see if the place would be as good as Qdoba. 
I got the BBQ burrito. It was different and I liked the chips that were put in the burrito. But I wouldn't crave for it in the future. 
I also ordered the chips and queso. The chips are no good without something accompanying them, and the queso reminded me of queso from the movie theater; imitation. 
The price is the same as Qdoba or Chipolte so no big thing there. 
Bottom line go if there are no Qdoba places around you and you're super hungry. More than likely, I will never visit again, especially since I know of other options on the Boulevard. 
P.S.- The parking lot is small.I order here once a week love the chef bowls and street tacos. It's healthy and good for lunch. I've taste almost everything on the menuIt's a hit or miss with this location but when it's good it's great so good luck. My wife says she loves it so I keep going back.I wish I would have read more yelp reviews before going to this location. Growing up I loved California Tortilla, I would eat there frequently but after many years without it, I will not be returning. This red lion location is HORRENDOUS, dirty and altogether a horrible experience. We went on a Friday night and ordered a burrito and a bowl, the bowl was disgusting I couldn't even eat half of it, the chicken seemed as though it had been sitting out for hours, as well as the "mixed veggies" that were thrown in tasteless and soggy. The only reason they get one star is the queso we ordered on the side was tasty, the chips were stale. Not to mention we both felt sick after, and a day later my stomach still does not feel well. I will most defiantly not be returning to this location, and probably no other locations for a while. Also the men's bathroom was closed as it had a sign "out of service" and the women's bathroom had no toilet paper and was a mess.Great food
Great explanation for a first timer like myself and nice military discount. 
Thx for the great recommendationSurprisingly good and I've had burritos in California. A little expensive for how much food you get.This review has nothing to do with the food. No doubt about it their food is yummy. However when I went in today to pick up a take out order, I was very disappointed to see an employee behind the counter preparing food with no mask on.  No thanks, I'm not risking it. California Tortilla please do better to keep your customers safe.Don't go, was on the toilet for quite some time!  And got our takeout order wrong which took forever.,  they were very disorganized.I ordered a Korean BBQ steak burrito and they gave me a bowl. The bowl was pretty tasty but measly, not a good burrito which I was anticipating. Where is my luscious tortilla to bite into? I didnt take it back cause I was home and this was a meal with family. So I ate it but know this was calif tortilla's 3rd strike in a short time for me. I am trying to like them but their customer service is not very good at all. Between being asked for my car info in the app then waiting outside for curbside pu for 20 mins last time (only to go inside and they said oh we don't do that any more) and then today picking up an order of cold food (thank God I am eating at home and have a microwave) ...I AM DONE with Califrnia Tortilla.  Next time i am going back to Chipotle!STAY AWAY FROM THE KBBQ OPTIONS
While it might seem like a delicious concept, I got the kbbq taco and couldn't even finish it. Way too sweet, the flavor was extremely off. When I received the taco it was SWIMMING in sauce, it was a soggy mess.  
I also got a steak taco that was mediocre at best, maybe their other menu options are better but take my advice and do not waste your money on the kbbq.Love the burrito especially bbq chicken tortilla crunch. Their bowls are pretty good too. They have a whole bar of hot sauces. Definitely the taste is more authentic than chipotle or moesI never heard of California Tortilla previously, I was in the mood for some Mexican food and decided to give this place a try. 
The menu is very vast, there are plenty of options to choose from, as well as customize. 
I ordered a Classic Burrito Bowl minus sour cream, added chicken, rice, black beans, cheese, salsa, and lettuce. I also ordered chips, salsa, and a Diet Coke on the side.
The portions are HUGEEE, I was super full and couldn't eat the whole thing. The food was really good, definitely very similar to Chipotle.Fresh and tasty food. Also appreciated that they aren't skimpy with the ingredients! Lunch hour seems to be quite busy, but everyone was working hard!I typically like California Tortilla, but this location was absolutely terrible. First of all, they didn't honor some of the free toppings (for some reason not posted on wall, I wonder why ..... ) and then the food came out tasting old. Like the meat tastes old or left out too long. The steak was chewy and hard and maybe it was cause I came toward the end of the day, but the quality shouldn't drop off depending on the time of day.