Delicious! Came here for the first time and it didn't disappoint. Restaurant was clean, staff were professional and (gasp!) smiling and helping each other out. 
I sat at the bar and had a great guy named Dave take care of me. My pizza was really good and very well priced. I'll be adding this to my fav lunch spots:)Ok, can I say HAPPY FACE!! So in love with California Pizza on City Line. Excellent service, food is to die for, and parking is perfect. We came here for a birthday party and I will be booking one for my daughter come fall. Yea, who knew that California Pizza hosted kid parties. If interested call their City Line store and ask for Wynetta or Netta ( I have a feeling I spelled her name incorrectly) for short. She's a pleasure to work. I tried their shrimp scampi pizza, bbq pizza and their 5 cheese pizza. I almost died, thats how good they were. I will be going back very shortly to try out their menu. A while back I did try their dumplings and shrimp Caesar salad, they both were excellent. So very long story short, I will be back, and I highly recommend this restaurant.I rarely get to eat at CPK because the Target traffic you have to endure to get here is the worst & not worth it. However, I recently had the taste for a good salad and since Houlihan's on City Ave is no more, I opted for CPK. I usually get the Classic Caesar with shrimp added, but this time I went with the Miso Shrimp salad.....all I can say is YUM!!!! Whoever came up with this combo of ingredients deserves kudos. Needless to say, I've endured Target traffic 3 times since last week. Also on a side-note, the salads are extremely large, so I was able to have some for lunch and then save the rest for dinner. Worth a try & the pizza's not too bad either!!!CPK I came to pick up food tonight, they told me it would be ready by 7:40pm I am just leaving your restaurant at 8:06pm. I know your not a fast casual establishment but when I waited 26min later then the time that you tell me it'll be ready it's kind of annoying. Also to top it off they gentleman at the front had asked me if if like bread I said yes. Well when my food was actually done he told me there's no bread it won't be ready for another 2 min. On the bright side you guys have great food and the guy that helped me was very nice.We ordered tortilla egg roll, which was just OK. It wasn't bad just not too memorable for me. We also had the pepperoni sausage pizza and the Kung Pao Spaghetti which were great entrees. I would recommend and order them again. The quality of the sausage and pepperoni were fresh and delicious. The stir fried spaghetti was by no means authentic but the level of spiciness and savoriness maid it very enjoyable. Last but not least we had the salted caramel pudding. I'd give it two thumbs up!
The service was decent. The waitress was very casual and joked with us. She was pleasant and checked in on us. Although when we first walked in no one was there to greet us and we had to wait a few minutes.CPK has always been a favorite of mine. I was disappointed to see my favorite salad taken off the menu when I tried to order on grubhub. I called the restaurant to see if it was possible that they still make the salad. Not only did it take several minutes for my call to be answered, but the man who helped me was very rude. My question was met with attitude- "No that's obviously why it's not on the menu". I was very disappointed in the service and will be ordering takeout from somewhere else tonight.A nice little spot tucked away in the middle of a shopping complex that you would never know was there unless you kept a keen eye on all the other electronic signs around. Service was pretty good here, They were a little behind on getting the table top wiped off and did the wipe off as I was sitting down. Food was delivered quickly and made right. I hate places that cant seem to cut completely through their pizzas and I didn't have that problem here so it's all good. My fiancee got the wild mushroom pizza and loved it as well.Have gone to this location several times usually on a Sunday afternoon.
My friend and I often share the margarita pizza and a salad, however after ordering this time my friend noticed a new salad advertised on the table.
The ingredients appealed to us so we changed our order.
It was delicious, the "Spring Market Salad" was marvelous!
Only one negative, each time the pizzas arrive to the table, their cold!
I don't no how you will address this issue because the pizza crust is so thin, which is why it's so desirable.
Please look into how you can make this happen!
Also the service is pretty good.I've been there a few times with friends and I've enjoyed it every time.  There menu is diverse and the prices are reasonable.  The service is ok and the efficiency is decent.If your in the area there are lots of restaurants to choose from in this area. I can't recommend this location enough. The service was great and the food was even better. They accidentally messed up my order on my pizza. I ordered a white pizza with extra pepperoni. They made me a regular with extra pep. The server noticed this error boxed the pizza up for me to go and rushed out the right order. I was impressed with this. I understand that things go wrong, and it's how you respond to them that I look at when reviewing customer service. Great job CPK!!I randomly picked out this place to take  my family to for lucnch last Friday, when we got there we were seated right away, Bruuh! 3 servers were standing at the end of the other side of the bar talking while we sat there for 5 mins with no water, bread or server to serve us. I have to inform them that we needed  water etc.. Besides the bad service, our food was good and we didnt have to wait.  First impression on services is very important to me as I go out to restaurants etc, just coz I do not want to spend my money on bad services n all that, but when this happens I wont be back!!!!I ordered from California pizza kitchen through grub hub, I ordered around 8:00 and got my food at 9:50, two hours is too long. Not only was it was late but it was incorrect and a meal I can't eat due to dietary restrictions. I called both the driver and the restaurant and they continuously blamed each other. I recognize that it's hard to account for a third party company but if you can't control the quality of service you are giving then don't do it. I was ordering California pizza kitchen. I extremely disappointed.Its California Pizza Kitchen. Good, but overpriced mini pizzas with a wide variety of toppings. The salads are ok, and the pasta is about the same quality as your local Olive Garden. This location has a good outdoor seating setup.I love CPK, but this time I made the unfortunate decision of getting something other than pizza. The stuffed poblano pepper left me feeling sick the next few days. Be sure to stick with the pizza!Start with a roasted veggie salad with shrimp: you will not be sorry. I usually can split this with up to 4 people. Then add a pizza. Any pizza. We have started getting the thin and crispy variety which do not dissapoint. The servers are usualy attentive, but this place can get busy so don't be shy to make eye conact and wave them over. If you don't think that is enough food (but believe me it will fill you) then make sure to order dessert. We've tried every one except the new strawberry shortcake, but they are full sized solid desserts. I always get ice cream and it totally makes it. The parking is covered, but sometimes can get crowded. There are a couple other chain restaurants to choose from also,  but we go there thinking we'll decided when we get there, but we always choose CPK. Also if you get their app, you get points with every check-in that are equal to your bill. You get $5 off every $100 you spend. And also sometimes if the see you haven't been in a while they'll send you an app-coupon that you can use when you check-in. It's true that the hostess and servers are hit or miss as some other reviewers have mentioned. But otherwise solid place to eat that gives you many optionsGood for lunch only if you are close and dont want to drive or walk to far.  They were really slow when I was there what is unacceptable during lunch hours. 
Over all nothing really special.I've been eating at this place for few years now (since I live close by), and it never disappoint me. Friendly staff, and the place is clean.
Yes, the place can be loud during lunch and dinner time. But that's not the restaurant fault though. They can't just tell customers to shush lol 
Although this restaurant specializes in pizzas, I'm not a fan of their pizzas. My fave are their salad, pastas/fettucini, tiramisu and their beverages from the bar.The other one I've been to in Connecticut is four stars. This one skips all the things that make California Pizza Kitchen great. The toppings on the pizza are not small enough and you end up with one topping taking up the whole slice. The staff is not attentive but the drinks are great. If you go try the sangria. With the prices they charge the kitchen staff should be paying more attention to details.I've been to this location several times, and although the food is sometimes quite good, I was very unimpressed the last time I was here. Our pizza arrived and it was at room temperature. How long does a pizza have to sit there to get to room temperature?! Prices here can be a little high to begin with, but I certainly don't think they're worth it for blah service and cold pizza. Our roasted veggie salad partially made up for it. 
Our experience isn't always terrible, but the pizza kitchen should be able to get the pizza right.I have been a fan of CPK for quite a while now. My most recent experience wasn't the best, but I can't let that one overshadow my love for the avocado club egg rolls!
This particular location is one of the nicer ones, right off of City Ave. I came in and sat up at the bar and was immediately greeted and brought a water. I always order the same thing (see above)...they are my weakness! I skipped out on the caesar salad, but in the past it has been pretty awesome - their pizzas are too! Surprisingly, my egg rolls came out in less than 5 minutes - I even made a comment to my server, but he didn't seem to understand that it was a concern for me.
The egg rolls were pretty hot, but two out of the six pieces were a bit soggy while the rest were quite crispy. I attribute that to the oh-so-fast delivery time. I did finish the entire plate, though! 
Service was fast, the food has been consistent in the past, and the price is always right. Yay, CPK!You want pizza but you're to sophisticated for Pizza Hut. Go to the CPK! 
The service is pretty good, busy but you can totally walk right in and get a table. 
What's the 6th Rule of Pizza? Consistency. Every time the pizza tastes the same. Yummy. It's not the best pizza (hopefully) that you will ever have but its reliable and taste great.California Pizza Kitchen : Philly Edition
I was a little apprehensive about coming here because my friend said the location was a disaster but all I wanted in life was a BBQ Chopped Chicken Salad. 
The host was kind she led us to a table that wasn't ready so we went back to the lobby for a couple of minutes. 
Salad was the usual FANTASTIC and the server Rere was great. Mojito was good and topped off so I was a happy camper. 
CPK has never failed me. EVA !!!!!
There was no wait, the place was super clean, food came quick, and generally a happy experience on a rainy day.I love coming here with my boyfriend we both get the same thing each time he gets spring rolls and I get buffalo cauliflower then we finish off with their delicious jambalaya pasta 
It's one of the best things I've tasted in a long timeI recently got to pick the spot for a lunch with coworkers. For whatever reason, I picked California Pizza Kitchen. Maybe convenience? I struggle each time with the menu because the pesky, but helpful nutrition facts. Unless you plan on having just a soda or a side dish of grilled chicken/shrimp, don't expect to walk away with a meal for under 20 grams of fat. Even the salads are high calorie/high fat. 
I opted for the Fire-Roasted Chile Relleno off the "Lite Adventures" menu which is fairly low-cal but is packed with 27 grams of fat. I've had it before and knew it was tasty and the dish did not disappointed. I wish I snapped a picture because the presentation was killer. It was the perfect looking fall dish: a plump green chile stuffed with eggplant, cheese, chicken, beans, corn and other veggies sitting in a plate of avocado salsa verde and cilantro. I guess the avocado makes it a good fat :) It was a creamy but not heavy sauce. The dish was the perfect sized lunch too. I left feeling full but not stuffed. 
This is a popular work lunch spot, so our server kept everything moving. We had a half table/half booth on the end, which she did awkwardly reach over several times. I guess there wasn't really room to go around the other way? She was pleasant and checked on us several time so I really have no complaints there. My group thought it was odd that they were cleaning the front windows with Windex during the peak of the lunch rush. We could smell it from our table! 
So overall I had a good experience despite limited items for the health conscience and the whiffs of Windex.Working very close to this CPK, I've eaten here a few times and have always had enjoyable experiences. The shopping/dining center it's in is fairly new, and all the restaurants and stores are clean and well-kept. 
If I'm alone I'll order the Chinese Chicken salad (sometimes only a half, the portions are HUGE!), which is great every time.  It's light, crisp and the chicken is always perfectly tender and moist. If I'm with another person I usually try to split a pizza and a salad. My personal favorite is the Chipotle Chicken, though I've never had one I didn't like.
I usually sit at the bar, as service is faster there. CPK is a great place to get a quick, tasty meal that won't break your budget. And if I get to leave with left-overs that's always a plus!This place has really gone downhill.  We went for a late lunch today(around 4PM) and there were only 4 other occupied tables in the restaurant.  We were approached immediately and ordered tea.  We were never asked if we wanted water, also.  I ordered a pasta dish of spagghettini, asparagus and spinach.  My husband ordered pork tacos.  His tacos were ok.  My spaghetti was cold and hard.  I was trying to send it back to be heated but the waitress never came back to the table.  I finally caught her attention after my husband had finished his meal and ask her if they could warm it up.  She took it back but I don't think they did a thing, because it was the exact same temperature as before.  The waitress never came back to ask if we wanted more tea or to ask how things were.  She finally came back and plunked the bill on the table.  I think she hates her job.  I used to like this place but no more! What a shame.My husband, our two-year-old, our friends, their two-year-old, and I walked in on a Saturday afternoon in February. No one was up front to greet us and by the time someone came up (the manager) another party of six has come in behind us. She knew we were first but seated them first because "they didn't need high chairs" and then proceeded to sit us near the door. The dinner rush started after that and it was cold in there once the door was repeatedly opened. Our friends complained to the manager about the cold and she was acting appalled. She had a major attitude. One star off for her!
Our server Phil was awesome though, very attentive, and the food was good. We love the lettuce wraps! And the butter cake is a great dessert. Spring for the a la mode. I would go to another location but would hesitate to go back there with that woman managing it.Friendly service and good food. I had pasta before the Philadelphia Marathon the next day. It was a necessary stress free experience.I really can't give more than three stars if I have to send something back. Even if that something is a half glass of riesling. My wine came back with floating particles in the glass. Gross. I requested another and same thing. I guess it was the cork, but that's really unacceptable. The pizza here was good -- the BBQ chicken is what I had. Way too much for one person, so I was glad I split with my friend. I will say that I was impressed with the prices overall. My half glass of wine was under $4. Not bad. But I'm going back to that wine glass with floating particles. Doesn't speak too highly of your restaurant CPK.I could have sworn I reviewed this place! I actually go here mostly for the Grilled Salmon. It's delicious.... it comes with spaghettini and asparagus. I usually get mine blackened.
On the rare occasion that I DO get pizza from here, my favorites are the BBQ Chicken and the Jamaican Jerk pizza.  The funny thing, it actually tastes better when I buy it frozen from Genuardi's than when I get it from the restaurant. 
Overall, an okay place.  I prefer eating outside when I do eat here because the a/c is always tooo cold!Nice place. Plenty of free parking. Very extensive menu. Fair pricing for the area. The food was good as was the service by Jennifer.Food always cold . Pizza always wrong in some way - either forgot to adjust toppings, wrong crust, leaves off goat cheese. Egg rolls are nasty deep fried and usually cold. Staff inattentive and only seem to cater to preferred races. This place needs new management - they have for years .I love California pizza kitchen! It's a great place to have your birthday dinner or just a quick lunch. The food is always cooked to perfection and served in a well presented fashion. Everything is very clean and they have an open kitchen so there isn't any wondering what it looks like behind the door. The staff are very professional and polite. If you're in the area there's no harm stopping in for a bite to eat. You will not be disappointed!I was parched & a tad hungry and they delivered. The asparagus& arugula salad coupled with a nice Riesling was exactly what I needed. The baguette slices & oil with herbs added a nice touch. And,  they have a wide selection of wines. I was impressed.  My service was pretty slow but I would definitely go back.Good pizza.  Great butter cake dessert. Everything else is ok. 
The location is super convenient since it's in the same parking lot as Target,  Starbucks and several other retailers.
The staff is very friendly. 
Will be back!This is a solid chain restaurant. 
I normally don't have any issue with their service. Last time I came here I sat outside. I asked for a table with an umbrella and after just a few minutes they cleared off a table with an umbrella. 
Lunch time is fairly crowded.  My dad really likes the Cobb salad here.  He adds salami to it and never complains about the meal.  He enjoys it.  Don't think anything amazing but solid.   I also enjoy the Cobb salad here. 
I've been drinking some more Arnold palmers recently and I got it here.  It was a good mix of lemonade and tea. 
Recently I got their garlic roasted chicken dish.  I asked for the sauce on the side and that wasn't a problem.  It was pretty good.This place was actually really good. The set up was fresh, modern and inviting. There is a wide menu selection and I thought it was pretty amazing that I made my own pizza and that option wasn't even on the menu. A did sort of a combination between the Grilled Garlic Chicken and Hawaiin Pizza and added my own touch of BBQ sauce dressing.. Exquisite! So if you want that pizza, make sure you tell them Robin send you!
Anyway, the service way okay, our waiter memorized all 7 of our orders (no paper and pen) while he even held a conversation BUT he took forever to come back and ask if we needed anything and we werre always missing stuff with our meals. Anyway, thats small because eventually he'd come back. Also the Singapore spring rolls are pretty effing awesome, get those.I must say, as many times as I have been here the service has been excellent.  Not just good, but truly superior customer service, each and every time.  The food is generaly good, especially the pork tacos and the frozen smoothies.  But if you like great wait staff, this is the place to lunch.Ate dinner here on a Friday night. There was a relatively short wait at this location because of the Penn Relays, but it was worth it. Ordered a pizza, came out fairly quickly for a party of five with separate orders. Great service, environment, pizzas were delicious and well made. 
Highly recommend if you're in the area.The food here is really better than I expected.  They have a large dinner menu and adequate dessert menu.   The Butter Cake is a wicked good treat! While I did not order pizza I assume that would be good as well.  The ordering time to food being on the table is fairly fast.  The taste and presentation of order is above the normal expectation for this price range.The food was delicious and amazing.  But unfortunately our service was bad that day.  The waitress didn't bring any napkins, not enough straws and didn't check up on us to see if we needed anything.  I would give them another chance because of the amazing food and I understand that sometimes it can be just one employee or a bad day for a person.We originally came into the area for Joe's Crab Shack, but found out it was closed and had to find a quick replacement. We looked across the road and saw California Pizza Kitchen. We had never eaten there before and thought we'd give it a try. We were greeted by a friendly host who was able to seat us immediately. It didn't take long before our server greeted us. The service was great. 
We ordered the roasted garlic chicken. We thought it'd be delicious, but when we took our first bite it tasted like nothing ... at all. We ordered a side of marinara to dip it in so that there was some kind of flavor. 
Our trip could have gone differently if we ordered something else. Over all, I'd recommend others give it a try, but stay away from the roasted garlic pizza.Coming from California, I know how good this chain is.  The food of course is no different here; still very good.  One thing I did find interesting is that bread is now per request.  I know it is not the greatest bread ( cold sour dough) but its still nice to have bread, right? especially when you are very hungry.   One thing I do have to say, the banana chocolate shake is not all that great even though the manager raved about it.  
bottom line - im glad this place opened ... philadelphia definitely needs some california influence.By far a very nice and relaxing dining experience. The butter cake is to dye for. The servers are great and the food is really good.Took out Chop Cobb salad...lettuce was rusty.  Disappointing.So the food here is good and probably worth 3 stars at any CPK but this particular review is for the service (or lack there of) we received that day.
I just moved in to an apartment complex nearby and we were all ready to feast after a long day of moving. We got there and got seated outside. I kid you not, it took 5-10 minutes just to get water and menus and that was only because I eventually got frustrated and went inside to ask for it.
This trend more or less continued throughout the meal. Luckily a couple of our courses came quickly so we weren't super hangry but water refills, getting the bill, etc was a nightmare and extremely slow and I had to keep getting up and going to ask for things. They were super apologetic and nice about it each time but kept doing it and kind of seemed like they were unsure who was serving us, especially in the beginning...
We all finished eating and while my parents waited for the check, I had time to walk over to Target, peruse for a few items on a list in different parts of the store, pay, and come back and they were STILL THERE and had just gotten it when I arrived. 
I will probably end up going back here because it is one of the few walking distance places near me but I really hope this is not consistent.Waited forever to get our entrees, and I asked for a water THREE times and I couldn't get one. And we had TWO waiters.Picked up my girl and went for lunch at 1130 to beat the noon rush.  I had a cup of coffee first and my girl had the raspberry iced tea.  Coffee was piping hot and fresh.  Nice job!
We ordered the lettuce wraps and upon recommendation by the waiter, the steamed Ginger dumplings.  As I sat there  contemplating why I ordered such a "normal" appetizer, I was shocked to realize that it's my first recommendation taken.  Need to not listen next time, the dumplings weren't anything spectacular (server said it was a personal favorite) for me.  The lettuce wraps however, were quite good, although a bit oily for the stir fried chicken and shrimp filling which we had.  The Ginger dressing that came on the side was a bit strong-  it's a good thing it was on the side.  The filling was fine without it, but as mentioned above, it was quite oily. 
Next entree was the Moroccan salad.  It had dates, butternut squash, almonds, Moroccan spiced chicken, beets, eggs and romaine lettuce.  The dressing was nice, but the amalgamation of all the ingredients made it even better.  The salad was also a palate cleanser.  It's one of the better salads if you ask me, great by itself or after a heavy meal (burgers/fries, ribs, or anything fried or oily).  
The service was decent, and after learning that service goes down as more people come in, we received enough attention to have a decent lunch.  Only problem we ran into was that we paid with a hundred dollar bill.  Our tab came out to be $38.31, but received only $61 back.  That's right, we didn't get any coins back- did it bother me?  It was the principle.  Of course.  We still left a $7 tip.  We were gonna leave the change anyways, but did the place really have no change or was it just plain laziness on the server's part?     
A side note for the calorie concious:
Their menu had a nice touch of adding carb and fat calories, proteins, sugar and sodium etc.  I don't know if it's a Northeast thing, but the CPK we went to in Florida didn't have a menu like that.
It would be safe to assume that the calorie counts are averages, because cooks can be heavy handed at times, and they all differ!  Our oily lettuce wrap chicken and shrimp filling came to mind.Very tasty!!! Had the delicious Tortilla eggrolls!!! And pizza was gr8! Meat lovers, and the works!!! IT was yummy!!#Super good food and super good service.   I love the salmon dish.  Excellent!   Very nice employees.Okay quick food. I don't like the pizzas here. They are really basic and can do at home. Pastas are better. Good salads. REALLY bad service.Been to this location twice now, and it's possibly the worst I've been to out of the 10+ locations nationally I've visited. Pasta here is super dry, they are stingy with their portions, and skimp even more on the meat. The food presentation is so terrible it's laughable (until we see the bill and realize we have to still pay for this joke). Chain restaurants nearby have been shutting down and this one is next if it doesn't start living up to the CPK name!My boyfriend and I both love this place!
The selection here is really nice, both food-wise and drink-wise. We mostly go for the pizza (His favorite is the Jamaican Jerk pizza, mine's the Pear and Gorgonzola pizza) rather than the pasta dishes, but both are really good. There are a lot of drinks too, from Italian sodas to specialty blended drinks (I did like the banana chocolate one, actually) to teas and coffee. 
The atmosphere is nice, usually pretty full but not uncomfortably so, and the wait is rarely bad. 
Oh, and one more thing, the egg roll appetizers are fabulous!I love this place will definitely be back I passed this place so many times thinking they only serve Pizza but boy was I wrong everything on their menu was good we all ordered something different to try out each others food and we were all happy. Will definitely be backOn our way into Chipotle, my boyfriend and I smelled something incredible. It was a little snowy and I knew a more romantic lunch would be the perfect start to our afternoon together. 
I was really excited by all of the combinations of ingredients and found a lot of flavor combinations I was interested in. 
The food--The main reason people come out to eat should be for the taste of the food. 
We ordered the Roasted Garlic Chicken Pizza and the Gorgonzola Cheese and Pear. He and I both love garlic, but when I tell you it was garlicky--it was in the way that bites you back. It was so strong that I could still smell the garlic on his breath after eating, even though I ate some, too. The pear and gorgonzola pizza was a great combination of salty and sweet. The little spring mixed in a mayo dressing that tasted like straight up mayo could have been done without. 
I didn't really love CPK's pizza's but I didn't not like them, either. Was lunch for two worth $50? Probably not. Was it worth the calories? Also, probably not.
I think this is one of those places where if you are habitual with what you eat, you might crave. Like other chain restaurants like TGIFridays, they push their sugary drinks.
There seemed to be a lot of added chemicals in the crust. We barely had a piece and a half each before we started feeling full. As soon as we got in the car, I took a nap on the way to the King of Prussia Mall... When I ate some left overs for breakfast the next day, I fell back asleep almost immediately.. I am not one who ever takes a nap so I actually do wonder why this happened both times after I ate their food.
On the service- Our waitress was friendly and outgoing.Late night visit to CPK paid off for my, wife, daughter and me.  We had the Habenero Carnita, mushroom and Sicilian pizzas.  All were good.  Meal and service was very good.  John our waiter was great!  We came in close to closing and it was not a problem.I had a great first time experience this week- ate a whole pie by meself. It was thin-crust, in my defense. Definitely coming back soon.Generally, I would have positive things to say about CPK.  Which is why I added another star.  However, we all know that it takes only one time to ruin your opinions of a place/person.
My husband and I will usually meet here for lunch.  Well last week, my husband was running a trng for his job and went to order platters.  Customer service was horrible.  He asked how many items come w/ one platter and the response was "I don't know, you have to look it up," as she hands him a catering menu.  Needless to say, CPK lost a couple hundred dollars right then and even more for future orders.As a ex employee of cpk I must say that I had a lot of fun working their the staff is wounderful and friendly the food is very good and its cooked well to the specification of the customers the bar serves each drink as u order it so u know that your drink won't taste like if it was just poured into your cup from a can 
My favorite dishes are the works pizza on a wheat thin crust the avacado rolls and their famous sandwiches with the works and a ice cold corona 
But for the most part I really have nothing bad to say about cpk I loved every minute that I worked their I wish that I was working their again I really miss working with all the nice people and attending all of the nice friendly people that go eat at cpk every dayI love this place for years I thought the only thing served was pizza one day during ladies night out a friend suggested this place we could not have been full and happier everything was goodBBQ Chicken pizza was not good at all. I was also food poisoned hours after leaving. Will never go back!Food: we got the original bbq chicken pizza, which was good. However, their spicy chipotle chicken pizza was soooo good especially with their green sauce. Overall, good pizza. I'm giving this place a 1 star b/c our service was so poor! Our waiter was quite rude to us and he didn't even check on us to see if we wanted to order more food or to refill our drinks. We had to flag our waiter on two occasions. Suffice to say, we did not leave him any tip, b/c bad behavior does not warrant a tip. Will not be returning.Long wait, loud customers, food was gross, and overpriced.  Focaccia appetizer was the worst I've ever had, and the "Crispy Crust" Pizza was soggy.  I feel like they've given up.  Would not go back again.Never again. As per my initial review, we went here last Saturday to sit outside and enjoy a nice pizza and some beer on a warm spring evening. The service was incredibly slow. We had the sausage, pepperoni, and mushroom pizza, which was rubbery and borderline inedible. I was starving and had a tough time bringing myself to eat a second piece. It was dry and tasteless, and stingy on the mushrooms, pepperoni, and sausage components. I will say that the California Fields salad was good, and was the highlight of the meal.
The worst thing about this experience was that our waitress did not seem to care about us. She never came back to check on us once the food was delivered. When she dropped off the food, our beers were empty, and she did not ask if we wanted another drink. Since she never came back, we did not receive another drink, so out the window went our pizza and beer date. We observed her several times bs'ing inside with co-workers.
Another example of why to avoid chains: Mediocre and generic food options and lousy service.CPK never disappoints.  Always delicious.  Love their crust.  Free parking in the parking garage. 
Great friendly service.Me and my girlfriend came in to eat around 5pm... no server came to our table to greet us or anything we literally sat there until my friend said something to 1 of the servers.. she then finally came over with a bit of an attitude told us this wasn't her section and she pointed to were her section was... she then asked for our order.. was very pleasant after that..Horrible experience! Came at 915 pm sat night and it was completely empty. The two ladies in the front said it would be a 20 minute wait. All the tables were EMPTY!! Definitely wouldn't come back to a place who didn't seem to care or have any urgency to take care of customers but just encourage everyone to sit at the bar.We came her for the lunch duo specials. I got the Caesar salad with farmers market soup. The Caesar was really good, the chicken had a lot of flavor. The soup was alright, it wasn't really my taste. It has a squash base with vegetables. We also got the hummus appetizer. The pita bread had the consistency of a soft leather handbag and the hummus has tomato blended into it. The pita bread was alright but I didn't like the sweetness of the hummus. My dad also got the duo with mushroom, pepperoni and sausage pizza and the farmers market soup. The pizza needed more sauce and didn't have much flavor. He liked the soup, however but it was not spectacular. The portion size was reasonable. I would take this lunch duo over Panera bread's. The atmosphere is classy but also casual. I would probably come here for their pastas for dinner but not so much for lunch. The service was alright, the waiter wasn't as attentive as we would have liked.I was surprised that this area was developed rather quickly.  At first, I saw the Target and afterwards all these restaurants sprouted up.  I must say that I prefer this place over the King of Prussia Mall.  The place is more intimate and parking was reasonable compared to the mall.  City Ave might be a bit congested but we came here on the weekend for pizza.  We tried the Greek, mushroom, and Japanese eggplant.  My favorite would have to be the mushroom since it had all sorts of mushrooms.  The Japanese eggplant was good and colorful especially since they decorated it with other veggies like brocolli, etc.  Also, it was on a honeywheat crust which was sweeter than the regular thin flatbread pizza dough.  Overall, we were satified and got to bring some pizzas back home.Food was mediocre as chain restaurants always are... The service was a bigger disappointment. 
Better off w a McD's.Considering some of the rough experiences I have been having at Philadelphia restaurants recently, this was pretty solid. I usually don't go to chains, but I had a pizza craving and this fit the bill. My fiancé and I had the habanero carnitas pizza and the stuffed poblano pepper, wanting something a little different. They were both surprisingly good and satisfying. The pizza was a little greasy, but still delicious. We both agree that this was one of the better restaurant experiences we have had here. The service was extremely fast, even on a busy Saturday night. We can't wait to go when it's warm and sit outside with a pizza and a beer!Overpriced for pizza or salads.  The California Pizza Kitchen in King of Prussia has more generous portions and pizzas and salads both taste better from there. It was a disappointment for the price.  Relatively easy to get a seat and the service is good.  Go to Chilis instead.Had a stellar experience at a decent place. It started off rocky when the individual bussing tables took too long to get the table we desired ready and  so we settled for another table. The restaurant wasn't understaffed but it seemed the staff lacked initiative. The restaurant wasn't busy and the hostess that sat us went back to the front with us and did nothing while we waited (keeping in mind during the 7 minutes that we waited no one came in after us) could have easily cleared the table & ran a cloth over it instead of waiting on the one busser to get around buuuuuut our server completely MADE the experience. Although we never come to be wowed just the basics her quick and attentive service is enough for us to ask for IRIS when we come back. She made two great recommendations and both turned out great (the cauliflower and the addition of strawberries  to the butter cake). Her jovial disposition saved what was looking to be another average afternoon of dining on City Avenue.I came here thinking I would get a quick soup and salad. The soup came out fast, but luke warm.  My salad took a lot longer than expected. Knowing these chain restaurants, everything is pretty much a heat up process (except their pizza) . There really is no excuse why food should take so long here. It must have been "busy" for the line bc I noticed the manager back there making some pizzas. But for me, I'd rather not see someone that was taking care of FOH to just go behind the line, roll up their sleeves, and start making food.Good food, Nice menu, tried something new.  Service was good, no complaints.Waited 40 minutes but no one took our order. This was despite reminding them after 30 minutes that we were still waiting. Staff seemed to be having issues and arguing with each other. This location seems have serious management issues. Good thing Chipotle was right next door.Extremely slow service. This location (City Ave) seems to be struggling with staff training. We waited over 15 minutes to have a waiter come over. The location was well staffed and only was 75% full. Noticed several tables also frustrated with lack of attentive service. People even brought their checks to the bar to pay more quickly. Food was subpar for CPK. Drive the extra and go to the King of Prussia location.Haven't been to CPK in years and was pleasantly surprised.  While they still offer pizza and pasta as per usual, their menu has a few new additions for health conscious diners. Started with an arugula asparagus salad with shaved parmesan and almonds, really fresh, very good. Next had the grilled chicken with chimmichurri and roasted veggies for my meal. Delicious. Very healthy and flavorful. Friend had the tostada pizza. Pretty good as well. 
Happy cpk's menu is expanding, they seem to be doing things right. Definitely recommended.I like California pizza. I ordered the Mac &cheese, buffalo cauliflower, and pepperoni pizza. My beverage of choice was the cucumber revived. I loved the cucumber revived , this will be my new summer drink. 
Service was good. Waiter was attentive. This one happens to be near out hotel. We didn't have to drive far for a bite to eat. Good for an appetizer kind of place.The service was 3 stars, friendly but lacking.  Could have been more assertive as I had to wait to order, never got the lemon I asked for, menus never taken off the table, etc. 
The food was mixed.  I liked the buffalo cauliflower and the little salad that went on top.  The Kung pao spaghetti (with chicken) was a mistake.  Nothing about it was fresh, just spaghetti in an oily, Szechuan style sauce with a tremendous amount of salt to make up for the lack of flavor.  And I love salt. For $15, I could have went to Han Dynasty and ordered TWO Dan-Dan noodles with a couple dollars to spare and that would have been much more delicious and twice the amount of food.  I wasn't expecting authentic, was just expecting quality for $15.  Big let down and it was a very small amount of chicken I received for the upgrade.  
I've had the butter cake years before and that was always delicious.  This time I just wanted to go, so I left without dessert.