The Best. Period. My go to's in order 1)The 3 little pigs 2) Korean Pork Tacos 3) Pork Tacos.
Suggestion: Time to come to the Phila Navy Yard on Thursdays!I love their jerk chicken tacos! They never disappoint! Even when I am not in the neighborhood, I'll take a drive here just for their tacos!I stopped by this truck before starting my night in the fish town area. I got the Korean beef tacos and my friend got the burrito. This cart is cheap (relative to everything around it) and convenient, but the food isn't anything to rave about. I didn't finish my tacos because I just got sick of the bland flavors.How lucky am I that this truck is right outside my office? Muy lucky.
Had the Al Pastor Tacos today which were deliciously flavored on what seemed to be a lightly grilled tortilla with just the right amount of grease to be delicious, but not too fattening. Topped off with greens and pineapple and a sprinkling of cheese made me one happy girl with a full tummy. In a word: Delicioso.
Nice guys working at the truck, too. 
Happy taco-ing!The fish tacos are absolutely disgusting. NEVER AGAIN.  Nothing else needs to be said.Absolutely the best tacos in the city. I have to say I usually have them at 2am at F&G but I've also gotten them clean and sober earlier in the evening and they are still a thing of wonder. I'm lucky to live a few blocks from Frankford and Girard, even if I'm going out in a different part of the city, I'll make it a point to stop by the magical intersection on my way home for some of the best food available in Philadelphia.Had Calle Del Sabor's amazing tacos at Manayunk StrEat Food Festival and was blown away by how good they were! I ordered the jerk chicken, coconut curry shrimp, and Korean pork tacos (3 for $10) and couldn't pick a favorite because they were all so delicious. Definitely try this place out!I'm from Southern California, and an extreme snob about Mexican food, and I can honestly say these are the best tacos I've had since moving to Philadelphia over a year ago. Both times I've been here, the Al Pastor tacos have warmed my tummy and my heart. And maybe even my soul. Yes, I do believe these tacos touched my soul.
I've also had the three little piggies tacos, and even though I was hesitant about bacon on a taco, I'm glad I ate it because it was AMAZING! When you are drunk and need cheap tacos late at night, this truck is a godsend. When you are from California and need to satisfy your craving for legit Mexican food, this truck is a godsend. When you're up late studying for finals and grading papers and losing your mind and have GOT to get out of the apartment RIGHT NOW... well, you get the idea. Now go get some tacos.I come here on drunken and sober nights when they are on Girard and Frankford. I plan on trying more of their food but right now I can't stop getting their Jamaican Jerk Po'Boy. The sandwich is very messy to eat but full of flavor and fresh. They put some creamy sauce on the bun and marinated chicken along with tomatoes, lettuce, and parm cheese on top. It's very good but needs to be eaten quickly in order to prevent the soft roll from getting soggy.great food but bcuz they are wildly popular, the wait could turn some folks away. i stopped by the girard ave loc on a very warm spring friday night at around 1am and there were hipsters, club goers, and drunks everywhere. the line was somewhat long but moved okay. if u have little or no tolerance for drunks DO NOT go to the girard av loc on the weekend. 
now, the food ..... very very fresh. i had the steak tacos which were 3/$7.00. they were great. they didnt skimp on meat or toppings.  the guys on the truck were absolutely swamped but still pumped out tray after tray without a hitch. i'd def recommend this place to anyone who likes tex-mex style cuisine.If I am in Philly late night there is a strong chance I am on my way to Calle De Sabor. The Cuban sandwich is hands down the best I have ever had. The good stuff does not end there.  The tacos are incredible.  The three little pigs is one of my favorite. The 5 star rating is not a mistake.  This food truck is that good.The three little pigs would be my death row meal...and I grew up with an Italian grandmother that made home made pasta and gravy. Go there and tell them you know Taco the Dog and tip them for the amazing food they makeHad two orders of the Baja Fish Tacos as me and my girlfriend are pescatarian. The BEST hands down fish tacos we have ever had. Multiple sauces, crisp and creamy toppings, super fresh and tender fish. Absolutely beautiful. All we can think of is how we can go back and have more.Amazingly good pork tacos. Ate here at the food truck festival. The tacos were well sized and definitely worth the price. I ate two before I could stop to to take a photo.Quite possibly the best taco I ever had.  The Korean pork is a winner.  Can't wait to go backHands down. These guys make the best tacos EVER!!!! 
I've tried them for the first time 10 days ago and I already have eaten there 3 times. Love the chicken,pork and steak tacos. Pretty cheap and yummy. 
3 tacos for $7 bucks! Totally worth it.
One simple word: AMAZINGWow! I had never heard of  this truck, but I stopped because I was in the mood for a burrito (weekday lunch, 34th and Market). Amazingly good! I got the pork, and it's outstanding--perfectly roasted, smokey, moist, and delicious.The meat is amazing. the proportioning of Taco fixings is perfect. There is a reason there are 4 Latin/Taco trucks in the vicinity, and they are the ONLY ones who get business.
Three pork tacos for 7 bucks fills you up but does not sit too greasy/heavy on your stomach at all. Perfect drunk food or pregame food for a night out in Fishtown/No-Libs. 
Didn't try to Tinga burrito myself but got amazing reviews from fellow food-trucking adventurers. 
Pro Tip: Ask for "Dragon Sauce" on your tacos ... you won't regret it.I tried the pork sandwich when they were located at the Philadelphia Zoo over the past weekend.  The pork was juicy and soft, with a nice spice to it.  There was a good spice to everything, and the bread was flavorful and soft.  They had a bunch of different hot sauces available too.  
The rice and beans had a good flavor to them, but I could have used more beans in my rice.
Service was quick and friendly.  Definitely beats the usual food that they serve in the zoo.I got the Tinga burrito which is chorizo and chicken.  Amazing. I couldn't stop eating if it was so delicious!  And I think at $6 it's. Steal!  Always heard about this place and so glad I went last night even though I wasn't as hungry as I should have been.  Can't wait until the next time I get to go there!!!I'm sober and I STILL LOVE THE TACOS. Calle de Sabor adds just the right amount of flavor to each bite. I've tried multiple items and none disappoint, from the delicious steak tacos, to the perfect quesadillas everything here just works. The staff is quick and friendly every time, even in the freezing cold.This place is amazing.  I love food truck cuisine and tacos. Look at the reviews. You will find several trucks, but the one with the line is the one you want. It moves quick, but everything is made to assemble fresh. The hrs are great. These guys work until 330a or 4pm. Bow ties and all. Seriously, probably the best Korean pork taco I every had.  The smoked pork was so tender and just so rich and flavorful. I have only tried 2 things so far. The Korean Pork tacos and 3 little piggies. The Korean pork tacos were 9 bucks and and 3 generous sized pork tacos. It was outstanding.  Topped with fresh pickled carrots, veggies, pork, and the right sauce. You can't go wrong. I went with the 3 little piggies the next time. It is a take off of the Korean Pork tacos but a little more daring. It was really good!  Topped with sour cream, bacon, extra cheeses ( get plenty of napkins). These are filling.  Oh yeah this one is a bit more spicy. Both were excellent, but I recommend starting with the Korean Tacos as you can taste everything and enjoyed the nice crisper and soft textures while the smoked pork coats your mouse. I could eat 2 orders. Really fresh and comes out perfectly seasoned . I don't add a thing. Enjoy and give em a tip. They are super nice and do accept credit card. Enjoy amigos.Calle Del Sabor is by far my favorite food truck in Philly. Sean, the owner, serves up the best pork taco I have ever had. Toped with Pico de gallo, avocado, and a special cheese...you can't go wrong. Check them out at Frankford and Girard on Weekend nights. You wont regret it.Mmm, the Korean pork taco was okay. It was pretty spicy, but the meat didn't have a lot of flavor other than that. My friends got chicken, veggie, and shrimp tacos; they all thought their tacos were okay. The flour tortilla was large and very warm and fresh though.Jerk tacos are jerkin Open late nice size tacos these guys are for the win! Great customer service! This is nice and spicyWe had the calle del sabor truck at our wedding, and it was a big hit! The line got a bit long, but the portions were generous and everyone kept saying how good they were! (I also had some, and can confirm that they were delicious).I went there with a couple friends a few weeks ago after reading reviews about it. I ordered the steak tacos and they are definitely some of the best tacos I've ever had. Everything tasted fresh and they were delicious. I would definitely go back.These are HANDS DOWN the best tacos I've had in Philly. I stopped by here during my stroll of the 2nd St Festival and I am SO glad I did. There were lots of options for Mexican food so it was just luck that I picked this spot. IMO, I hit the jackpot. 
I went with the jerk Chicken, the Pork and the Vegetarian and I can't say that I can pick a favorite. All three were filled to the brim with flavorful goodies. The jerk chicken was just the right amount of spicy. The vegetarian almost passed for meat (not that I wanted it to, but if that's your thing). The pork was perfectly seasoned. I scarfed these down in minutes and I could have easily put down 3 more. 
Highly recommend!Knew they were not going to be great tacos but expected something eatable.  Ordered tacos al pastor and regular pork tacos. Should've have left when they ask if I wanted sour cream and lettuce on them!? The pork tacos were terrible, had no type of flavor at all. They added cheese on the al pastor ones too. Honestly this was disgraceful. But I guess given the area it's to be expected. If you want real tacos go to 9th and Washington, plenty of little restaurants Mexican owned and legit.My now wife and I hired Calle Del Sabor as one of two food trucks to cater our wedding.  They were a bit tough to get ahold of at first, but once we had opened up communication everything went great.  They were very accommodating with their menu (changing things and adding things for us, and basically offering EVERYTHING on the menu to our guests).  At the wedding they kept their line moving pretty swiftly, and they stayed for I think 3 or 4 hours so people were even able to get seconds.  Their prices were outstandingly good too, far more reasonable than even a lot of the other food trucks we considered (Let alone wedding caterers which are almost all a rip-off).  Also worth noting these are some of the best tacos I've ever had, from a food truck, restaurant, the west coast, even in Mexico.  
If you've got a wedding or event coming up I would definitely recommend these guys.tacos are the best try the three little pig and the cuba sandwich is on pointThe food was decent. We ordered the quesadilla and tacos, and paid together. I was charged twice for the food. Would be nervous to purchase again with card .Best tacos in philly sorry if you disagree. But this guys are speedy, inexpensive, and offer excellent tacos. My go too is the 3 piece steak tacos with sour cream. Calle Del Sabor is killin it and I cant name a single time they let me down.So far this place has never let me down. I've tried almost all of their food. The food is seriously to die for. The service is quick and super friendly.Calle Del Sabor is the latest Mexican food truck to hit the University City area and may be the first true contender to Don Memo's for Mexican food supremacy. There are plenty of taco trucks that have come and gone, including José Garces' Guapos Tacos (now called Distrito), but they simply cannot compare to the excellent taste of a Calle Del Sabor meal. If you want boring tacos for people with no tastebuds, eat at a truck with nary a Mexican cook on their staff. If you want tacos with meat and seasonings that are full of flavor, eat here. You won't be disappointed. I'm a big fan of their pork having tried it in the quesadilla and Cuban sandwich. The quesadilla is cut into five pieces and sprinkled with a generous helping of sour cream and pico de gallo. It is so simple yet so good at the same time. The secret to the pork appears to be the inclusion of fat, which help add flavor to the meat. Some of my non-foodie friends have an aversion to meat fats or non-traditional meat by-products yet these same sillyheads have no problems eating a common hamburger or sausage! Calle Del Sabor, don't change a thing because I love the bits of fat in the pork! Encanta el sabor del calle del sabor!I get tacos once a week from these guys. I fricken love these tacos. The perfect weekend meal, with a great variety. I plan on going there tonight. They are that great.They were at Franklin Square and boy, am I glad I selected this food truck!  I had 3 Korean Pork Tacos ($10) and a $1 soda and I can still taste these wonderful tacos a day later!  Perfectly seasoned and cooked and just the right size for a filling dinner.  I like spicy foods so I added green hot sauce but they would have been 5 stars without anything added.  Plenty of pork and veggies.Great food, awesome owner. One of the best burritos I have ever had. Say hi to Sean if he is around.unbelievable tacos. wish they were there every day of the week. the fish tacos are delicious and the three little piggies are enough to feed 3 big ass piggies. plus you can bring your beer while you wait for your order.Amazingggg. Seriously hands down best tacos ever. The guys who work are so nice, make amazing food, and they get the food prepared in less theb 10 minutes. This place is my dinner about 2 to 3 times a week.The Cuban sandwich is the only reason to cross the bridge late at night.It seems that they may have changed primary location since they first opened, as I tend to see them a great deal between 34-35th on Market the past few months, which fortunately puts them in prime position for a great lunch rush in an area which seems to have been abandoned by a lot of the previous favorites in the area.
Onto the food. They have the tagline something along the lines of "we have the best tacos outside of Mexico", which is a pretty bold claim...and one which I think they should at least be in contention for on some things.
Their chicken and pork tacos are studies in all the little things going right. They arrive hot on a toasted tortilla and have a great balance of creamy avocado, crunchy vegetables and juicy, shockingly flavorful meat. They have plenty of hot sauces to give that extra kick if you want, but there are already abundant spices that make the food, if not hot, deeply flavorful
I should note that I'm not a fan of their steak tacos, which didn't pack as much flavor as the chicken or pork, but was otherwise well balanced. But even worse, I think, were the korean pork tacos. The pork itself seems to have lost flavor with the change in spices and simply didn't have the same depth of umami flavor. The dish loses the creaminess of the avocado (also causing less umami), and the texture is thrown off a bit by the pickled vegetables, and there really isn't any other sour to counteract them.
Stick with the simple stuff, and you'll be good.By far one of the best tacos I've had. I got the jerk chicken tacos and added a little siracha....very flavorful and the chicken was tender and juicy. Will definitely be stopping back soon.These guys make the most delicious and beautiful tacos in Philly. Always smiling, generous service can be expected, very professional. So good, a lot of times I'll make the drive from the Northeast to Fishtown just for these tacos. Keep up the great work guys!I was living through a mediocre session in the new Sugarhouse poker room when I heard the most exciting announcement of the day over the PA system - "The taco truck has pulled up outside". That truck turned out to be Calle Del Sabor.
I usually will try a standard taco the first time I go a new Mexican place, but they have a jerk chicken taco that sounded like a must try. They have regular and pineapple salsa to top it off. It came out fast and was pretty filling. Probably not the best taco I've ever had, but definitely the best jerk chicken taco I've had. Next time it comes around, I'll be right there to try other menu items.If you see the food truck, drop whatever you're doing and order some tacos. Specifically the jerk chicken tacos with a side of cornbread. If it's busy it will be a few minutes before you get your food, but that's just because they're making everything from scratch. After you get your order, crumble the cornbread on top of your tacos and have one of the best meals of your life.The absolute BEST tacos in the entire city. So flavorful, always fresh, made to order. I have taco dreams for days after I get some.... BRUH, they are   . Everytime I get a platter, I'm literally done the entire thing before I leave the block, and I always regret not ordering a second one. It's a little on the expensive side (like $9 for 3 tacos), but it's soooooo good, I just want to give them my entire wallet. Whenever I'm downtown late, I always make a beeline for this place because you are not going to get this level of culinary magnificence at 12 am anywhere else in the city. The only unfortunate thing about this place is that its only open late at night ..I literally have never seen this place open earlier than 9pm.4 stars is for their flavorful (sazon) food and if they had hard shell tacos then I'd give them 5 stars!Best tacos I've ever had in my entire life. I'm a regular and for good reason. The ingredients are all so fresh and work perfectly together.  Extremely tasty and affordable.Amazing fish tacos late  night !!!!!!!!!!! If u eat meaT the 3 little pigs is also amazing..... u won't regret grabbing these under 10$ tacos!!!Super sad I moved out of fishtown but every time
I'm there i hit this place up....best tacos in the worldIt sucks, to much crimes going on over there, to much getto trash food sucks. It's.   SuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkksMy favorite tacos in the whole world! Their "Three Little Pigs" tacos are to die for. Everything we've tried so far has been amazing. Can't recommend enough!Tried out this spot for dinner one night after a recommendation from a friend. What a good recommendation! The tacos are much larger than your typical street taco. They come loaded with toppings. Not to mention lots of taco options. Did I mention you can get three for just $9?!? You can order tacos individually, but why would you?! 
On our first trip there we got the coconut shrimp tacos, steak tacos, pork tacos & their most popular tacos, three little pigs. I crushed 5 tacos and was fat and happy. Leftovers were just as good. What a hidden gem this place is!Very happy to have this taco truck in my neighborhood. The al pastor and Korean bbq tacos are fantastic, and the quesadilla is perfect. Unfortunately the city has been messing with their hours at Frankford and Girard, so they may not be there late.Honestly, this place is not worth it. I ordered here twice this week just to see if they would improve and they just got worse. For this second time, my friends and I waited over 2 hours for our food to be delivered. The food wasn't even that great, lacked flavor, and barely had any of the toppings that were stated in the description. Overall the big chicken burrito was so dry I had to throw it away. Do not waste your money here.Absolutely love this truck! So happy I was able to discover this gem of a place during Night Market tonight. The combinations of flavors are still lingering in my mouth hours later. Excited to hunt this truck down in Fishtown for another mouthwatering bite of curry coconut shrimp or your Korean taco. Don't worry these tacos are super affordable and worth every penny (3 for $10) for most menu options.Came twice and so far very pleased. I love the fact that you can taste the coconut on the shrimp tacos but is not overpowering, just perfect!FRAUD, this place took a copy of my debit card and 2 days later I had random charges from an ATM in Mexico. Be cautious when paying with card at this place.Had 1 order of theirs pork Taco .
First look like Tacos from a house wife try so hard to make it right.
Second , da pork doesnt have favor , but tasted like FREEZER BURT...!!
I ask for Salsa they give me hot sauce from a bottle.....
what a wasted money ,,,
That will be my FIRST and LAST for da 3 little pigs.I came here one night after drinking in search of food trucks in general. This place had a decent crowd, so i figured why not. I ordered the veggie tacos as they were fantastic. These tacos tasted like real mexican food. They were light, yet stuffed with filling. The staff is quick and the food is delicious. Go!Friend of mine told me about this place and said I had to try it apparently used to be a food truck. Went in and pretty much everything on the menu sounded delicious. Decided to order the 3 little pig tacos which did not disappoint. Service was quick and good food came out and it was a good portion for the price could definitely tell everything was fresh! Will definitely be returning to try more!Visited the food truck at a festival last week - overall, really good. I like the variety & selection of choices. The shrimp curry was amazing, as was the korean pork. Overall, good food and good deal!Incredible food, very fast delivery, great value for money. We always get the three little pigs taco and the coconut shrimp taco. Some of the best tacos I've ever had.I am pretty obsessed with this food truck.   3 tacos for $7? Hell yes!  Especially if they're delicious!
Pork tacos/quesodillas?  YUM! Comes with  side of fresh pico de gallo and sour cream.  It is so juicy and delicious. I love it both sober and drunk.  The people working are also really nice.  You take care of them, they will take care of you!  No wait, they do take care of you. Take care of them an they will take extra care of you!The friends I was staying with a couple of weekends ago live right next to this establishment. The restaurant is a walk up window. You just go up, give your order then wait around for it to be made and handed to you. There is just one, cheap looking chair outside of the place for the patrons to sit and wait so when you come for your food just keep in mind that you most likely won't have anywhere to sit while waiting. 
I decided to order a three little pigs tacos (which comes with 3 tacos). And my friend ordered al pastor tacos (which also came with 3 tacos). Getting our food took around 10 minutes so the wait wasn't bad at all especially given it was a miserably hot day that day. 
The three little pigs tacos were filled to the brim of a large flour tortilla. It was also stuffed with meats, cheap queso, lettuce, tomatoes and sour cream. The flavor of the tacos was very Americanized (which is obvious from the ingredients used) and since it was such a large taco it just felt very overbearing and nothing to get too excited over. Additionally, I tried the al pastor tacos which were also not that good. There was just way too much sauce for the meat and just felt like the tacos were not satisfying. The quality that I experienced was also disappointing given all of the glowing reviews on here. All in all, this place was just ok.Everything was great at Calle Del Sabor. Great great atmosphere. Calle Del Sabor has an outstanding Pork Tacos, this was my first time giving it a try here, and I was pleasantly surprised with how good it was. They are very clean and the staff were super lovely. I will definitely crave Calle Del Sabor.I ordered the Pork Tacos for delivery.  It came about 20-40 mins before scheduled (which was awesome because I was starved!).
The food was warm and it looked just as I envisioned (DELICIOUS!).  The tacos were very filling...filled with tons of meat and none of the toppings were overbearing in flavor.  All flavors were perfectly balanced..the pork was juicy.  These tacos come VERY close to the best tacos I ever had in Mexico.  These tacos were one of best I've ever had hands down...and I love tacos ‍
I'd eat here a million times over without a doubt.  If you haven't tried it yet, I'm really not sure what you are doing with your life lol. Go ahead and bless yourself with this greatness.I was dragged here by my friends Gina V. & Susan G., complaining about the cold the entire time. (Gina V. says not the "entire" time, just the majority.)  Anyway, I was pretty miserable company.  But, after eating the yummiest tacos I've had in Philadelphia outside of  "Taco Loco" on Washington Ave., I felt pretty bad about being a whiny biatch.  
The Al Pastor tacos are a party packed into a seemingly innocuous grilled tortilla! They are certainly not chintzy with the filling or the sauces, as my shirt can now attest.  Yay for messy, overindulgent tastiness!I ordered a burrito to-go and it really hits the spot. The service was fast, and I appreciated that they were open late for a Monday night. The burrito was flavorful and filling, and overall a great late night bite!The Coconut Curry Shrimp Tacos were amazing!!! And for $9? You literally can't beat that. They were rich and flavorful and to my surprise extremely filling with more shrimp than I could count. I found my new favorite taco spot and can't wait to go back to try the rest of the menu!!Called De Sabor seems to have a cult like following so while in fishtown last week I stopped at the truck to pick up some tacos. I opted for the chicken tacos  but they have a nice selection of tacos on their menu. At $7.00 it was a steal for 3 tacos. 
The chicken was seasoned well and everything was fresh. I was pleasantly surprised considering it's a food truck. The wait wasn't super long and the staff was friendly. My tacos didn't come with avocado as stated. IMO these tacos would have been every bit of 4 stars if they came on corn tortillas and not flour. I'm a big fan of corn. They also didn't put any sauces on the side. Overall though it was a solid taco and I would stop again.I really don't understand the awesome reviews that this place has. We ordered delivery from grubhub of a chicken burrito and jerk chicken platter. Food came quickly on time however both the dishes were absolutely below average. Burrito was extremely dry and bland and same thing with the jerk chicken platter. 
I really hope it was a one off incident but I would definitely not risk ordering again from this place.