If I had to judge this place on the front desk order girl ~ it would be a "1". Seriously BAD customer service. We ordered 3 different sandwiches...chicken cheese steak, hot roast beef w/provolone cheese and beef w/cheese whiz. I can't give any great reviews...the beef was very salty...half the chicken sandwich was missing the toppings...no refills on drinks...and the girl is SO NOT interested in talking w/their  customers re: orders. truly terrible service...Ordered delivery. Food was tasty and they were careful with our special dietary needs. We'd go back.Great food, great service. Johnny has an good infectious attitude that really sets the tone of the visit. More Italian oriented, great Philly cheesesteak! 
#foodcomaMy steak was 10 dollars...way too expensive. But considering the fact that this is Center City, I should have known better. They use a really high quality of meat and the steak is juicy. But for me it was a bit flavorless and the chunks of beef were a bit too big. Although the bathroom was really clean when I had to take a "cheesesteak" in the toilet. It was quite funny when other patrons banged on the with their "cheesesteaks" too.Ordered out because I'm bed ridden with a stomach flu...and they delivered a $10 cold (cheese still in a slice form) and burnt grilled cheese. Pretty sure my 4yo niece cold make a better grilled cheese. Definitely won't be ordering from there again!I ordered delivery here through TryCaviar and didn't experience any problems in the wait times/quality of the food.  In fact, it came quicker than expected.  We got the marinated mozzarella sandwich and the wing ding buffalo sandwich.
I would agree with the other reviews that the sandwiches are pretty pricy (generally all were over $10), but you do get a lot of food.  I was a little upset with the roll because I ordered seeded Italian and got regular, which is understandable if they were out, but the rolls we received were not as fresh and soft as I would have liked, kind of like they were a day old.  Hence, why I dropped a star.
The fillings in the sandwich were delicious and on point.  I was not feeling meat that particular day, so I opted for their veggie options. The marinated mozzarella was absolutely delicious and covered in fresh tomato and a flavorful basil dressing - the mozzarella was super soft and tasty.  VERY salty marinade, but the acidic tomatoes helped cut through it.  My BF loved his wing ding sandwich and said it was very spicy and had a really good homemade blue cheese dressing on it.
After tax, service fees and delivery, it came to about $30, which is pricy for sandwiches so maybe next time we'll eat there instead and waive the delivery fees.Got the works cheesesteak but it didn't have bell peppers as it was supposed to.  The cheesesteak was alright but definitely not the best.  If you are wanting a cheesesteak walk a few doors down for a much better one.I know the reviews are mixed, but tried it anyway. No, the staff isn't warm and fuzzy, but when there's a line out the door and it's hot and humid, I don't think I would be either. They weren't mean, but matter-of-fact. The cheesesteak was very good; better than the other places I've had in town.Based on recommendations from some Philly regulars, we decided to avoid the long lines and rivalry between Pat and Geno. There were decent reviews about Campo's and it was located along our route, so we stopped here instead.
The good: My cheesesteak (Whiz wit) was decent. I'm not a big steak eater, so if I ever come back, I will likely try their vegan/vegetarian options and see if I like them better.
This location is also really convenient for tourists checking out the nearby historical sites, without the giant crowd of tourists at other popular cheesesteak spots. We didn't feel like we were missing out on anything. There is also outdoor seating.
The meh: We were there during Fourth of July, and although we were able to watch the parade from the comfort of the deli's indoor seating, it was still pretty warm inside. Maybe they had fans on, but the window was opened to allow best visibility, so any a/c would have been inefficient. I can't imagine what it was like in the kitchen that day.
Would I recommend to someone else? Yes. For someone like me, who just wants a decent cheesesteak but skip the long lines with lots of tourists, or for someone who wants to try a variety of cheesesteaks while in Philly, Campo's is a good choice.The service was quick. The quality of the meat was good. I guess my expectations for an authentic philly cheese steak was more. I cant really put my finger on it though.  I chose the provolone cheese, perhaps a messier cheese would have been better.My girlfriend ordered the philly cheese with the works while i ordered the godfather (chicken, broccoli rabe, roasted red peppers and parmesan cheese)
Both sandwiches where small for the $10 price but we both agreed that the cheese steak was delicious. The godfather was not. The chicken was flavorless and the taste of the parmesan was too much. As good as the cheese streak is i dont think i would go back because of the small portions.Went with a group of 4.  Menu prices are a bit on the higher side for a sandwich, but these sandwiches are out of this world!  They pack them with meat and condiments.  No one in my party had a complaint.  My only suggestion is to serve chips or something with the sandwich.  Everything else extra was just that - extra.Food was good.   Cash only.  3 stars because one of the employees told us to move so he can mop so they can go home soon.....at 730pm.  They close at 9pm.I visited this place back in high school on a senior field trip. One of my teachers recommended this place. The line was pretty long but it was probably because we tried to fit a bunch of high school seniors into a tight Philly restaurant. From what I can remember (it's been like 4 years) the steak & cheese sub was good but it's not the best I've tasted. If I were in town again, I'd stop by for a second time.I worked with Mia to help set up catering for a group of 60 people for an event at a venue in Philadelphia and she was a great help!  She was patient with me and great at consulting me about quantities and popular items.  The day of the event, I worked with Brianna, who was cheerful and tremendously helpful!  We had platters of cheesesteaks, chicken cheesesteaks and hoagies, as well as lots of salads and other goodies and everything was great.  Our attendees really loved the Cannoli dip tray!  I didn't get a chance to visit Campo's in person while I was in Philadelphia, but was very grateful for their service for our event.  They helped make it a success!  Thanks again.Don't do it.
Don't get suckered in.
Most disappointing cheesesteak I've had in Philadelphia.
You figure, hey, if they serve it at the Phillies games, gotta be legit, right?
WRONG.
The sandwich I had here was fatty, chewy steak (barely filling the roll), hardly-grilled onions, crappy American cheese and overly spicy peppers. Just completely dissatisfying.
Warning sign #1 should have been that the sign outside advertises "PHILLY cheesesteaks." I should have turned around then and there.
Oh well.Got the Italian hoagie:
Dilusso salami, ham capacollo, peppered ham, pepperoni, prosciutto, provolone. Bread is on point. Worth it.HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. They have a vegetarian/vegan menu so I ordered their "godmother" sandwhich off of it because i dont eat meat. The young blonde girl working the register obviously misheard me because the kitchen handed me a "godfather" (loaded with chicken), so i took the sandwhich to the register and asked them to change it for a Godmother. I was met with an outrageous atitude and the girl insisted i ordered a godfather and after reluctantly taking the sandwhich back she riled up the rest of the kitchen staff who then also became angry that i had returned the sandwhich. Instead of making me a Godmother, THEY PICKED OUT THE MEAT AND HANDED ME THE SAME SANDWHICH BACK. The black guy who gave it back to me said somehing along the lines of "look. No chicken, see youre fine" with his own brand of attitude as he raised his arms on either side of his body, palms up.
I understand why someone might not realize how picking the meat out of a vegetarians dish is UNacceptable. BUT MY GOD THEIR ATTITUDES. I was very polite when returning the sandwhich and did not deserve this horrid treatment. When you screw up a customer's order you fix it, you dont throw the meal back in the customers face with an attitude. I was too shocked to ask for my money back but frankly i should have.2 napkins!  
Not bad cheesesteaks but they give you two napkins!  And when you go up to ask for more they give you TWO more. To top it off; one ketchup bottle at the counter.  There should be better ways to cut cost. Put an Xpressnap at every table and step your game up.Had to have a Philly Cheesesteak with whiz and onions while on a family vacation. Family joint that is pretty cool spot! My wife taking a huge bite!Came here at the suggestion of a waitress at another nearby restaurant that said this is where she takes her family when they are in town.  The Works Philly cheese-steak was very good here.I had been to Philadelphia once before, but never ordered a real "Philly Cheesesteak". Campo's was near where I was staying so this was where I popped that cherry.
The inside is small with some two and four-top tables, but they also have some outside seating on the sidewalk. I liked the huge window that was open to get the fresh air because it was hot that day so I needed it and it didn't feel like the place had any a/c at all.
The line is a pain here because it starts to get long and go out the door so you have to loop yourself around, walking by the register to walk back to it and the space you're walking through is tight quarters so again, on a hot day, isn't fun.
IT'S CASH ONLY. They do have an ATM onsite though.
I ordered "the works" a Philly with provolone, mushrooms, onions, and green peppers. The sandwich was around $11. When it came out I was a little underwhelmed by the size of it. I'm used to spending that amount and getting this huge sub/hero/hoagie/etc, but this wasn't that. It tasted fine, but it wasn't overloaded with any ingredients. The bread was the best part in my opinion.
Not a bad place overall, but I'm going to try my Philly elsewhere next time I'm in town.Campos cheesesteaks are really tasty but the can be pretty skimpy on the meat at times. They also don't take credit cards, which is a huge turn off.  But they do have beer, which turns it right back on again. Very small sitting area, but on a nice day you can sit outside and see all the people, if that's your thing.  Its not my thing, but apparently thats what people do..Campo's isn't the best pure cheesesteak in Philly, but they offer things you can't get elsewhere.  BBQ cheese steak?  Bacon, mozzarella and cheddar cheese?  Go here for something a little different.  Friendly staff, run by a family.  
It's a little pricey, but you have to think of the location.  Real Estate is high there, it's a prime spot.  Things will cost a bit more, but in my eyes it is worth it.  It's different and not as greasy as some other cheesesteaks.  It seems like a cleaner sandwich, but that isn't always necesarily better.  The roll is really good and compliments the sandwich well.  
I recommend this to more people visiting center city than any other cheesesteak place, because it's different and most people aren't impressed by just steak and cheese.  They want something a little bit more.My cousin and I ordered 2 cheesesteaks this afternoon around 4:15 pm.  We have eaten many cheesesteaks in our lives as we are both Philly natives and know exactly what a cheesesteak taste like.  Our experience this afternoon was bad.  Probably the WORST cheesesteak we have ever had!  Disgusting huge clumps of what they consider rib eye steak.  Meat and service is of poor quality.  They don't accept cash and the young portly blond behind the counter didn't greet us, and seemed totally disinterested in working and serving us.  They also have the nerve to show a tip jar at the counter.  $21 for 2 cheesesteaks and 1 drink!  It wasn't worth mote than a dollar.  A picture is worth a thousand words so see attached picture of the before mentioned glob of crapMy friend loved her cheesesteak, but my meat was tough and stringy.. I was very disappointed with my first  authentic philly cheesesteak.. cash only? weak. 
It was a far cry from my roast pork sandwich at Nic's.Good Philly cheesesteak sandwiches, but grumpy service.   Cash only, and she said I should have read the sign on the door, but there was no line and we just walked in and didn't read every sign.  Sorry.   Get with the times and take cards.  Probably a tax dodge scheme. 
Asked for a drink refill and she said they couldn't because of some new Philadelphia tax.
Sonny's down the block allows free refills and has excellent onion rings.  They take credit cards too.I walked into Campo's because I had spent the entire morning sightseeing and was very hungry.  I should have checked the reviews for the food before going in.  My sandwich was just short of awful except the three tiny pieces of green pepper which were very tasty.  I needed a magnifying glass to find the onions and the sandwich was sorely lacking in both steak and cheese.  After getting the cheese steak sandwich, I noticed that there was not much to it for the $11.00 I paid.  However, the taste was so blah that the poor value didn't matter and I didn't even end up finishing it.  I stopped by for a slice of pizza along Market Street (and that was delicious)!  There have got to be great places to get an authentic cheese steak in Phili.  Campo's is definitely not one of those place.Great Philly Cheese stake sandwich.   I love their BLT with gluten free bread.  It is refreshing to see a sandwich place offer gluten free option.My favorite cheesesteak in philly. Had it for the first time a cople weeks ago and I will say they did it up right. They weren't skimpy on the meat, it wasn't drenched in cheez whiz and the sauteed onions were cooked to perfection. I must say If they were closer to my house I would never buy  a cheesesteak elsewhere.So some friends of mine and I were walking down the street. We stopped directly between this place and Sonnys famous. Since we couldn't decide which one to go to, we split and I went to Campos. The place is cool, not very big but has outdoor seating. The menu has a decent selection to choose from, so I chose the works cheesesteak. It didn't take long for it to be made which was cool...but...
For never being to Philly before, all I've heard about was the cheesesteak sandwiches. This was one of the main reasons we decided to go. I don't know what I was expecting when I finally got my hands on one...but this most certainly did not live up to them.  I mean it had the cheese, onions and mushrooms but...underwhelmed is the best word that comes to mind. I didn't even finish the other half of it...that's how unimpressed I was. 
Maybe I had unrealistic expectations built up for an authentic philly steak sandwich...I dunno. But my friends that went to Sonnys licked their fingers afterward.This trip to find a a Philly Cheese stake led us to this spot by accident. It was very successful. Everything in that sandwich was in sync!!! Definitely check it out if you are in the areaWe asked the security guard at the Independence Hall where to go for Philly Cheesesteak and he asked if we wanted somewhere tourists go or we wanted Philly Cheesesteak. Of course we told him we want to go where he would go so ended up there. He was right, a lot of meat on the sandwich and it was one of the best we've had so far. Their BBQ sandwich was a hit with my kids. Always trust the locals when it comes to where to eat.Not impressed. The crab cake was dry and tasteless. Chicken cheesesteak was less than average, meat was not chopped up and  they were very stingy with toppings that you have to pay for( onions and peppers). Will not go againThe positives: service and atmosphere.  You can't go wrong sitting outside on Market Street when it's a beautiful sunny day and it's always a bonus when the person taking your order is willing to smile.
The negatives: food.  I ordered the chicken salad club.  $7.00 with nothing included (meaning no sides).  This was one of the most underwhelming sandwiches I've had.  It's so simple, I'm surprised it could have gone wrong.  The downfall -- bland, almost taste-sucking chicken salad.  Steer clear.
The person I was with ordered a side of the pasta salad with his hoagie.  I'm all for tortellini salads, but this was heavy, cheese-stuffed, slightly under-cooked pasta.  It was hard to appreciate any of the other elements within the salad while trying to chew my way through the first piece of pasta.  It's a dead-weight side.
All in all -- and only from two items from the menu -- I wouldn't return.
P.S. I think someone needs to put an end to sandwich places claiming they are the home of the "original" philly cheesesteak,  It only encourages higher pricing and lower quality meals.My first Philly Cheese Steak in Philadelphia, PA.  And it was great!  I wanted it made up the same way a local would eat it. The peppers, the onions, the mushrooms and yes .... Get ready ... Cheese wiz.  Really?  Who am I to say no. If this is what the locals eat - I'll try it. It was pretty good. Not sure if I'll do this back home - but here in Philly, why not.  You need to try it. The staff was really friendly, got to see pictures of the new born baby girl, very cute.  The place is a little  small, not many tables so get there early. Also -Momma's pasta salad is the best!!Came here to get a quick dinner after hanging around town all day. Found it weird that they didn't have French fries on the menu but then the cashier proceeded to explain to me that they don't have anything fried. My friends and I got three different sandwiches and we were all pleased. Very casual.I went here to grab a quick cheesesteak, which ended up being merely mediocre. Also the girl that took my order was rude and seemed annoyed that giving them my business.Tried Campo's for the first time on Sunday even though I've lived in the neigborhood for a few months now.  It's a little disorganized as far as ordering and paying goes - the area with the menus near the register is cramped which prevents any chance of an organized line.
The three of us all ordered cheesesteaks, whiz wit, and our sandwiches were ready lightning fast.  The steak here is chopped up and seems to be of decent quality, and not overly greasy.  The onions were a bit sparse but there was a perfect amount of fake cheesy goodness.
A little pricey for a cheesesteak in my opinion, but it's a touristy area where people are more than willing to pay a premium for a local favorite.  Also - cash only, but there's an ATM on site.I rarely ever write reviews, but ... Our experience here is making the former long-time restaurant worker in me speak up. The food ( we had a cheesesteak & a pizza steak) was good. Not amazing, but certainly tasty. But the atmosphere left much to be desired. We arrived at 9 pm, entering right after a family of four. The dining area is very small - maybe 10 small tables - so we chose a table a few over from the other family. A few minutes after we sat down with our drinks one of the staff members asked us to move to a table right next to the family,  even though all the other tables were empty and doing so crowded both of our parties, because he wanted to stack the chairs and sweep under the tables. While we waited for our food, four more parties came in and ordered --- and the guy didn't stop sweeping and stacking chairs! Customers were having to pull chairs out of the stacks just to have a place to sit! I get it that the staff were ready to leave, but they shouldn't have taken our money if they weren't willing to accommodate us. We felt very rushed and unwelcomed, and for that reason I do not recommend this place.3-31-3012 - Pretty damn good steak. Steak was good and hot, decent quality meat, broccoli rabe good, onions very good.  Roll was good quality local bread.  Counter staff were polite.
Mac & Cheese was just OK because kind of bland, and it was reheated by "Chef Mike" so there were hot and cold pockets. I would suggest that they either make smaller batches during the day, or reheat it outside of the styro cup and stir it once or twice while reheating before handing to the customer.  The ambience is good, it's warm and indoors for Californians freezing their butts off.
THE BAD: CASH ONLY - CASH ONLY - CASH ONLY. BE WARNED. DING THEM A STAR FOR THIS.My hubby is local and said he'd been looking for this place since his mom brought him as a child but couldn't think of the name, until recently. The service was fast and friendly! The cheesesteaks are awesome, The Fliers Philly cheesesteak is to die for babe ate it all in 30secs. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good cheesesteak.Got cheesesteak #2 of the day, but this time with cheese wiz!!  It was tasty and The bread was soft and amazing.  I'm not one to eat cheese wiz all day long, but it really does make the meat moist and was a perfect combination..
We planned to eat this at the park across the street, but it started pouring rain!  After getting absolutely drenched, we ate this delicious cheesesteak under some bridge.  Everything got wet, but we saved the cheesesteak!!I was not impressed with the service, food or anything about this place. Maybe I caught them on a bad day.I really liked this place.
Not fancy, cash only and the cheese steak was quite good.Campo's is definitely good eats, with a fairly large menu. I like it for other reasons too.  We all know that going out to eat by yourself can be..."odd".  I take night classes at Temple, and when class ends around 9...I'm usually starving (no time for dinner between work & class).  So, rather than drive back to the suburbs and bypass all this delicious Philadelphia food, I almost always stop somewhere in the city for a sandwich & a beer. This is where it can get tricky. Most restaurants are closed (as if I would go alone anyway)...so that narrows my choices to cheesesteak and pizza joints, which gets old. Campo's has a nice friendly atmosphere, and I have no problem sitting at a table by myself with a sandwich to watch some of the Monday night game.  Good eats...and the best pizza on Earth is right next door!We were in Philadelphia over the fourth of July weekend for a wedding and the hotel concierge had recommended Campo's. This was my first ever Philly cheese steak, and man was it good. My buddy and his wife had explored the day before and tried another place and said this was by far way tastier. The bread was really good and the cheese whiz made it taste extra yummy. I would go again for sure. 
And yes, you have to have cash, but get over it, it wasn't that big of a deal no one on market street took credit and so you just had to yank money out once to cover some shopping (FYI I always use credit too, but know how to use an ATM.)our tour guide said better than gino pat and jims.    we tried it and loved it.   great cheese steak.    you can choose your cheeses and you dont need cheese wiz.First time in Philly and one of my bucket list items was to have a cheesesteak.  I would have loved to have tried Geno's or Pat's for the popularity, but they are a little out of the way from the Old City.  A tour guide recommended Campos which is conveniently  located at 2nd and market street if you are in the independence hall area.  First impression, no space.  This restaurant is tiny and very cramped.  The food was okay at best, but hey, it's a cheesesteak so I'll let it go.   But I have had better in small town suburbia.  Nonetheless I was able to strike off cheesesteak in Philly.   For the location, this place is convenient, but the sandwich alone is approximately $10 and not the best I've had.After a good radio 104.5 block party show with the Revivalist I randomly decided I needed to get a good Italian hoagie.  My buddy said this place was good but he also said east coast wings was good cos he was easily amazed by them having so many different sauces lol.  
When I asked which Italian hoagie I should get I was told the Italian Special was the best in the city.  So I went with it switching up for the spicier capocolla that's in the Mamma Mia along with the sharp provolone.  Friendly service and girl was helpful.  This is maybe more like a 3/3.5.  
Decent Italian hoagie but tough to say if it's phillys best since I haven't had a memorable Italian in awhile besides primos, Lees hoagie or sarcones.  This was a decent Italian but I'll have to try a few more spots like Paesanos, Patificios deli, Cosmi's cos as of now Sarcones n Primos is the best in my limited experience (wawa stinks,too inconsistently sloppy among all locations)My first ever Philly Cheesesteak, and I must say, Campo's provided an impeccable first taste. The staff were friendly, the food was ready quickly, and the prices were reasonable. Only accepts cash, though.Not worth it!  I wanted to try John's Roast Pork or Dalessandro's, but I was too lazy to make the trek, so I settled for Campo's.  I've had much better cheese steaks in Jersey and New York.  The steak was tough and stringy, and there wasn't enough provolone or onions.  The Whiz version looked slightly better.  My wife had a Reuben but it was a mess to eat - very soggy!  My Yeungling was $5.50.  $70 for five sandwiches, four sodas and a beer.  Cash only, too.  Never again!  Should have tried Sonny's just down the block.This was the worst experience.  I paid $12.50 for mostly bread and a soda.Not bad, selection of beer was minimal but the cheeze wiz steak was not bad, good atmosphere and friendly folks behind the counter.I made an account specifically so I could tell everyone my honest opinion:
Just had my first Campos cheesesteak and it was absolutely amazing.  Their cannolis are humongous and have the best filling I've ever tasted--I used to live in Little Italy in the Bronx, and yet Campos has better cannolis.  As an added bonus, the service was quick and the staff was super polite! 
Look out for Johnny, he's the man.  We talked for a good 30 minutes and gave me a lot of great life advice.  In the middle of our conversation, a homeless man walked in with a bag of change...Johnny helped him count it up and gave him bills in return.  That says a lot about what this deli stands for.  
My first experience was phenomenal and I can't wait to go back!Sandwiches are alright - I like the Mama Mia.  If you want a cheesesteak, go to Sonny's.  Honestly, I live in the area and would come here a lot more, but they don't take card and I don't like it enough to make a separate stop at the ATM so I can eat here.Really cannot figure out what the fuss is about.  Unbelievably overpriced and easily the worst cheesesteak I've eaten in Philly.  The bread was dry and hard and the meat and cheese had no flavor.
The service is also terrible.  When we walked in and realized it was cash only, the woman behind the counter said absolutely nothing and just pointed to the ATM in the store.  It also took longer than I would have expected to produce such a terrible sandwhich.
Basically, I was out however much the exorbitant cheesesteak cost plus the transaction fee from the ATM and left very unsatisfied.So this was my first time in Philadelphia so I had to have a philly cheese steak. This was not what I expected. I thought it would be cheesy and juicy and it just wasn't. I ordered it the provolone and onions,  luckily I grabbed some random condiments on the way out. They were needed. Maybe I should have ordered something else on the sandwich..there are several options for additional charge but I was trying to get the authentic version. Basically we had 3 steak sandwich in the 1 day spent in Philadelphia and this was not the favorite.Not impressed.  This was the second stop in a mini-tour of cheese steaks.  We ordered a cheese steak with provolone and onions.  We thought that substituting "upscale" cheese for cheese whiz might improve the flavor.  Not so much.
The bread was great.  The meat greasy.  I had to add pepper since there was no discernible seasoning.  The provolone was there.
And no fries.BEST PHILLY CHEESE STEAK HOAGIE EVER!! I wish they made it like that in NY.. But then again it is called "Philly" cheese steak ;) also.. They have all kinds of beer here! Stella, blue moon, angry orchard etc etc. love this place!!Really food philly cheese steak. They haste one called icy flyer that had Jalapeno and cream cheese with grilled onions.  Just make sure you have cash, since they are a CASH ONLY.Habe hier auf Empfehlung eines Freundes aus Philadelphia mein erstes Philly Cheesesteak gegessen und war begeistert. Die Qualität bei Campo's ist über jeden Zweifel erhaben und auch die Atmosphäre und Preise sind gut. Einziges Manko war, dass viele Tische nicht abgeräumt waren, worunter das Flair gelitten hat. Dennoch, absolute Empfehlung für ein unkompliziertes nettes Essen in authentischer Atmosphäre.Yummmm!! Great place for sandwiches! They have a lot of great classic Philly and Italian options but also some delicious unique ones. They don't have anything fried, so that's cool, you don't get that greasy grill thing. Homemade sides and desserts too. Seating is kind of limited, it's always crowded in there. Get the Valentine :)Located right in the heart of the Old City in Philadelphia and a short walk from Independence Hall, Campo's is a conveniently located place to grab a cheesesteak. That convenience, however, seems to be the only thing going for it.
A quick Yelp search on a handy-dandy smartphone led me to Campo's one sunny and warm Monday afternoon. Upon arrival, the place looked clean and tidy, but way too much like a chain restaurant than a local cheesesteak joint. Fighting my instincts, I entered and proceeded to order a "the works" and a cup of water. Then the water Nazi emerged: "I'LL HAVE TO CHARGE YOU FOR A BOTTLE."
I should have put my money back into my wallet and walked out the door. No place should allow their employees to behave with such absolute curt bitchiness to customers and continue to stay in business. But the money was already out and I'm not one to fight inertia, so I handed the unmotivated employee $10 dollars (WTF?!) for my sandwich and found an empty bottle of lemonade in my backpack and filled it up in the bathroom.
YES, the only water you can get to drink here is BATHROOM WATER.
And I needed all the water I could get - after waiting 10 minutes for my sandwich, I dug in with the first bite to get a mouthful of dry, stale bread and a few overcooked slices of beef. The cheese was negligible, and the only flavor came from the large chunks of semi-grilled onion interrupting every few bites. Despite these shortcomings, the sandwich was decently sized and one I couldn't stop eating.
However, even the best meal can easily be spoiled by rude, inattentive, and alienating service. Campo's, good riddance!Campos was awesome. The staff was nice and polite! This venue is cute, clean and decorative and nice to sit inside or outside and eat at. I really liked their Bacon Cheesesteak! The juice was delicious and the sandwich was the perfect size and flavor. Cash only and worth every penny. It's weird, but they also have the best bathroom door I've ever seen. It's like 1940s Tuscany or something! I would say they need to improve their slaw, it tasted too much like apples and was dry, but who goes to Campos for slaw? Lol 
Venue: B+
Food: B+
Staff: A
Cleanliness: AIn Philly for work on a rotation and stopped by Campo's as the first stop on my Philly Cheesesteak tour.
Stopped in on a Monday during lunch hour.  Pretty packed place, but ordered and got a table with a friend quickly.  I opted for the "wiz with", and an orange cream soda.  Was surprised as when I ordered the orange cream soda, they opened a vanilla cream soda instead.  When I told them, they actually gave me an orange cream soda.
The cheesesteak came out quickly, and boy was it good.  It had been years since I had an "authentic" Philly cheesesteak, and Campo's reminded me quickly of what I was missing.  The sandwich was the perfect size, and exactly what I expected.  I can't quite give it 5 stars, because I still have other stops on the cheesesteak tour.  A big positive is its only a few blocks away from where I work, so I will be back to hopefully try the BBQ Cheesesteak as well.Honestly this was a huge waste of my money. I got two veggie sandwiches, a grilled cheese and two fountain drinks and the total came to $43. After ordering they said they don't accept cards. Who the hell carries cash these days? Luckily they had an ATM machine, but charges $1.50 to withdrawal money. I ordered a grill cheese from the kids meal and asked if they came with fries and they said,  "we don't fry anything here" so I asked if it came with a side. After listing the sides I asked for the Mac and cheese (assuming that it just came with it), but after looking at the receipt I got charged an extra $4. Anyways, we began to eat and the veggies were bitter and the cheese was way too salty. We asked for a fountain refill and they said it's a dollar for a refill. If I could give no stars, I would. By far a huge disappointment and a waste of money. I would never eat there again.Can I go back now please? I have never had a true cheesesteak before and the hotel concierge recommended Campo's as we asked him for one within walking distance. I was not disappointed. I made sure to order with wiz as I have heard this is the way to go. The bread was really good and the cheese whiz made it taste extra yummy. I would go again for sure. 
And yes, it is cash only but it honestly seems as almost every store/restaurant we hit on Market street was cash only and they all have atms (what I can only assume is a big money maker) so if you don't want to pay the fee, bring the cash with you.I'm a big fan of most of Campo's hoagies, especially the cold ones and hot ones with grilled chicken.  My recommendations being anything with Italian cold cuts (Get some cold cuts!  Get some cold cuts!), or the Godfather.
They claim to have the best cheesesteak just like everywhere else, but just like everywhere else with the exception of Dalessandro's in Roxborough, they're lying to you.  But if you need a cheesesteak when you're in Citizens Bank Park you'll be pleasantly surprised to see Campo's has a stand there.  Good for you!  By pass the Tony Luke's stand and grab a steak from Campo's...and Crab Fries from Chickies & Pete's, but that's another story.The cheese steak whiz wit I had was very good. With onions, cheese and steak, it was just what I was looking for. The food came out pretty quickly and I was not disappointed. However, the staff seemed annoyed with all of the tourists that seemed to be around. The option of 'To-go' is great for here because there is not an overly large seating area. 
Order at the counter with their large and easy to read menu, snag the closest indoor or outdoor table and wait for your number. Their side items were nice to have while waiting for the sandwich and the bun it came on was delicious. While not the most exciting place to get a cheese steak sandwich, it is in a great location and got the job done. I left satisfied and far from hungry.Last night I had my first Campos cheesesteak. Honestly I was not that impressed. I would have to put this in the same category as Pat's and Gino's. Both of these places, while "icons" are not that great at making steaks. There are MUCH better places such as Jim's on south street, Dalessandro's, and The Pepper Mill. Campos' meat was a bit fatty and lacked taste. The roll was not fresh (which as most people know - REALLY makes a steak that much better). If you are from out of town, do yourself a favor and avoid Pat's, Gino's, and CAMPOs - there are MUCH better places in the Philly area.Good burgers that are really big.  Fresh Sandwiches.  Not amazing, but good if you're in the area.  Not as overpriced as some tourist traps.  Nice people.I was in the mood for a good cheesesteak. I got one. Nuff said. It had a small but cozy outdoor seating area, and a neat interior. I did not sample any of the desserts, so they did look appetizing.A good cheese steak. Large bread with a lot of meat compared to Sonny's. I got a sandwich from Sonny's and my wife got a sandwich from Campos. Sonny's was a bit smaller but more flavorful. The Campos while larger and meaty need salt and pepper to help it out.I wish there was an option for negative stars because this place deserves about 5 negative stars.  First of all when you are about to place your order that everything is cash only, for their convenience.  Then they tell you cash up front which I thought was surprising.  Finally, I get my sandwich on plain tasting bread with barely any meat.  If I had the time I would have stood at the entrance to show all the new customers this disgrace of a cheesesteak. I can't believe the arrogance of the owners.So amazing! Loved my cheesesteak sandwich and honestly the best pretzel ever! Great staff!Great place for food on the grab. If you want a quick fix but still want to enjoy fresh good food, step into campos. One of the friendly staff people mentioned the home made chunky tomato soup her mother just made as the day's special. I tried it and was not disappointed.I think that Jim's on 4th and South is slightly better, but I actually think that Lickety Split may be better than both!
I went here yesterday on my way out of Philadelphia.  Earlier in the day, I went to Jim's.  Jim's is slightly better (I rated it 3-stars) and their meat is more seasoned and minced/chopped.  
SUMMARY:  Philly Cheesesteaks need an update.  Anything that has CheezeWhizz as an option is bad news.  It's better to eat NYC pizza instead.Rude cashier, slow service. Whatever you do don't order their coleslaw its terrible. Sandwiches are good however if you want to deal with their crap.Don't waste your money here. There are so many other decent places to eat on the same street I regret choosing this one. 
The only reason I even walked in was because I saw they had vegan options but the sand which wasn't even good. It had no taste and they were confused about their own sand which on the menu. They change you to use the bathroom...and charge you for a refill. $15 later I'm still hungry.