Place is really homey! We felt right at home as soon as we walked In the door. The hostess was kind and pleasant, and we sat within 5 minutes even though it looked loud and crowded. We both enjoyed the beer selection, from ipa to summer ales, and the servers felt like friends after a few minutes. We ordered the Brussel sprouts based on the request of the server.... Wow. 
Our entrees were big and really really flavorful, the perfect meal. And we even went to the bar after dinner and just laughed and enjoyed the place with the locals. Only complaint is that we want new artwork... Those trucks are getting old.I was pleasantly surprised after my first visit to Campbell's.  They have a great beer selection and the food was delicious.  We had corn meal calamari, grilled fish tacos and fish and chips.  Everything was perfectly cooked and I cannot wait to go back!!  See you again soon campbell's place!I really enjoy this place.  Great atmosphere.  Like others on here mention, I've passed by it 20 times thinking it was just a hole-in-the-wall.  But it's not!  When I finally stopped in, I just wanted a beer and to check out their menu.  It was a Thursday night.  The bartender was great (Raj, or Rodg?) and talked me into a Magic Hat No. 9.  He described it perfectly ("A sort of crisp, dry, even fruity ale") before giving me a little sample.  Later, when I asked to see a menu for a future stop-in, he described some of the dishes to me and mentioned that most of their items are made from scratch, not pre-made food-service junk.  He sold me.  Again great, worldly, intelligent bartender.
My wife & I went back on a Saturday night.  It was a lot more crowded (obviously) but everyone seemed in a good mood.  It seemed a lot of the people were locals and knew each other (a good sign to me).  Took a little while to get a booth across from the bar.  I ordered the burger with the blue cheese dressing and the sweet potato fries.  It was so good, I don't even remember what my wife ordered! 
We'll definitely come back with some friends.  Can't get that blue cheese burger off my mind.Still enjoy restaurant but for the last couple of weeks no air conditioning. R u kidding me what a joke sitting in a hot hot restaurant. Will not go back until its fixed. Shame on the ownersI have had 2-3 bad meals here over the last couple of years but today was by far the worst. Ordered the special buttermilk fried chicken sandwich for lunch (was not good, and I'm not a picky eater) it turns out when I got the bill it was $19 despite all the other comparable items on the menu being $10-12. Not cool. Also the soup was gross. I don't recommend eating here.I was expecting too much.  Thought this place would have good food and atmosphere.  The food could of been better.  Wasn't worth the money I spent.I went here last night, had a pretty average burger and good beer. It is really nothing special but it was nice to sit outside on such a nice evening. Don't go out of your way to come here but it seems like a fine neighborhood spot.Kind management. Nice neighborhood spot with amazing brussel sprouts.Went in with a large group for lunch today.  One person working the entire place, and she tried her best but it was easy to see she was run ragged.  Ordered a variety of food that ranged from meh bland to wtf that looks horrific.  And those biscuits and gravy were so far from true biscuits and gravy.  Instead of fresh biscuits with sausage white gravy, these were 2 biscuit like pucks half submerged in some sort of thing, brown broth, with sliced up pieces of link sausage strewn on top.  The glass water bottle on table our table had clearly visible mold in it.  The breakfast burrito was weak at best, and the chicken sandwich was unseasoned, bland and flavorless.  To top it off the kids hated the Mac and cheese.  Definitely will not go back.This is my 2nd trip here and each time there's something good and something not so much. The1st time the lobster roll was so overdressed it was a goopy mess,and not seasoned very well,but the hummus platter was very good. Tonight i was with a couple friends, and the service was good Thanks Kelly and Joel,and my wedge salad was awesome but the Calamari was Bland and overcooked,and the sauce did not go well with the dish. My friends fries were really crispy and delicious. So i suggest really taking your time to perfect your dishes. Again some things were on point but just some .Have been a life long customer, even worked for Mary and Jim. Always good food and Drinks.After having dinner in Chestnut Hill on Friday evening with a few friends, we decided we wanted to have some drinks before we all went our separate ways.  We originally wanted to go to Iron Hill, but there was a really long wait to get a seat in the bar area, so one person in our group suggested Campbell's Place down the street instead.
     There is an upstairs bar and a downstairs one.  Unfortunately, the upstairs one was full, and you can't get a table unless you're having dinner since seating is limited.  Due to this, we sat at the corner of the bar downstairs.  The beer list is pretty good, but since I'm not a big beer fan, I took a look at the small cocktail menu.  I opted for the mojito, but unfortunately they were out of mint and nothing else on the cocktail menu interested me.  
    I decided to get dessert instead.   There isn't a written dessert menu, but the bartender was happy to tell us the long list of desserts.  It mostly consisted of different varieties of cheesecake and bread puddings.  I hadn't had bread pudding in forever, so I went with the blueberry one and another person in my party with the chocolate chip .  They arrived promptly and were nice and warm.  The blueberry one tasted good and was chocked-full of blueberries, but was not bread pudding as I know it.  It consisted of two slices and tasted like a blueberry muffin that had been dipped in an egg batter they way you do French toast.  The milk, egg, and sugar mixture hadn't really soaked all the way through the bread.  I'm also used to bread pudding coming with a brandy sauce or some other kind of booze and usually some kind of dried fruit like raisins is involved as well with ice cream.  However, this came with cinnamon whipped cream, which was tasty, but again the whole thing just wasn't what I was expecting and could be better described as blueberry muffin French toast.  
    A lot of people around us were having dinner, and it did look and smell good. This place might be worth checking out for dinner next time I'm in the area.so far so bad... wed night in august and the service is medocre at best. goog app of maple glazed brussel sprouts ( actually a " small plate").  could have been roasted more but nice overall texture and taste.  fish tacos were a nice choice with the option of grilled oe fried.  got the grilled- nice pieces of tilapia with an excellent chipotle based sauce.  very fresh tasting.  the veggie burger was homemade amd very good.  it was rice based with an excellent curry fkavor but the roll was too much.  it was too thick for a starch based veggie burger.  i would definitely return to sample some other itemsReally good food, friendly, expert bartender, a massive selection of beers and big-screen televisions with sports. Basically, a high-end neighborhood place which is ideal to go grab dinner and a beer. Especially nice on a cold winter's night -- sort of CH's version of Cheers. Highly recommended, and surprisingly good food.I want to like it.  The atmosphere is nice, the patio is decent and they are very dog friendly outdoors, but the food is overpriced and just not my taste.  Too "gourmet" like for me.  I have a narrow pallet I admit.
Their wings, cheesesteaks, onion rings are good.  I got adventurous and tried the pork/beef 50/50 burger and it was awful.  I wish I sent it back.  Something I almost never do.  I had indigestion and it was just not good.  On top of that it was $14!  I wouldn't have ordered it had I known that (waitress didn't say).  Few beer  choices under $5 and I have had to send back a draft beer that had a funky taste.  Glasses aren't always spic n span either.  No ice in water on hot days.  I just don' t feel like a casual dinner for 2 @ $65 w/tip is anywhere near what this place is worth.  Nothing on the menu stands out for me.
I know the chef is renowned and toured with U2 and others.  But what do Irish know about cuisine? haha..jk.
Take your money to the Top of the HIll Tavern or McNally's instead.This has quickly become our default neighborhood place to pop in and grab a quick bite, drink or catch the last few innings of the game.  The menu is pretty solid, with your standard pub food, comfort food, as well as a new specials, however the salads are usually quite anemic & spartan, and their wings are on par with store bought wings.  But on the upside, I always seem to underestimate just how good their mussels are.
Good beer selection on tap, but they could mix it up a bit -- seems like they've been carrying some of it on tap for nearly a year now.  Can't really comment on their wines or well drinks.
The pub pretty narrow, so seating can get kinda tight, especially if you have a group of 5 or more.  The place is a healthy mix of family and younger folks, so as a result, it does tend to fill up quickly for dinner later in the week and on weekends.  They take cash or plastic.  Unlike under the previous ownership, the waitstaff if very friendly and helpful.  Love this place.I was pleasantly surprised with the interior after walking in. Nice lighting-warm tones-booths that are not formica tops with hideous lighting above!  They even had a fresh flower on the table!   Headed there for brunch and although the menu is pretty small everything was good. Omelets and Heuvos Rancheros were both very good. In fact, I was glad to see the salsa was fresh and actually spicy. I almost never order mexican dishes here in PHL because the spice is always weak. This was good and they did not fatty it up with cheese or tons of oil--2 eggs served over corn arepas(not tortillas but the arepas were really good with good texture) with guac on the side and salsa on top.  Pancakes looked very good with fresh raspberries,blueberries and blackberries. Definately cool place to get a burger and beer / wine for dinner. Good job!This restaurant has a warm, friendly pub feel and a small, but varied menu.  Portions are big.  Everything I've had has been cooked well.  Service is friendly and helpful.  This is a great Friday night, after work, dinner place.  I'm definitely a fan.If you want the best bacon, blue cheese burger, this is your place.  Our local hang-out with a lot of local customers.   We go often and do occasionally branch out to something else on the menu.  The food never disappoints.Been here several times, most recently yesterday afternoon. Food was very good. I had a turkey burger w/cheddar cheese. I usually have the mesculin green salad, but wanted to try something different. I loved it! Service was great too. P.S. try the Sangria. . . it's awesomeCampbell's has been a staple in Chestnut Hill for many years and continues to be a favorite for locals, including myself. The friendly owners, staff and delicious food never disappoint and it is truly a unique and cozy spot in the heart of the Avenue. There is always a long list of fresh specials and great draft beers (often featuring local brews) that you may not find at your typical bar or chain brewery. It is a perfect place for drinks with friends, lunch with your kids or brunch on Saturdays and Sundays. I have been to many places on the hill as well as surrounding neighborhoods and always find myself coming back to this wonderful, reliable and comfortable restaurant. 
A few food suggestions-the fried brussel sprouts are out of this world, the blue cheese and bacon mussels are addicting and hit the spot everytime and the lobster mac and cheese is mouth watering. Oh, can't forget about the bread pudding! Campbell's is the first place I ever tried bread pudding and I have been hooked ever since. How can you go wrong with desserts that are made on the premises? Definitely the place to be y'all, especially Thursday through Sunday. Enjoy!Absolutely delightful
Great buffalo shrimp 
Great wedge 
Just a great place to go
Always seems to have a crowdThe bartender was just JUST so rude right to our faces. Attitude to customers??? Are you kidding me??? Bad
Service means no return EVER for us. Bummer. We live right down the street. Ah well. Off to other bars!!!Met a coworker for a drink after work. We sat at the bar and were ignored for ten minutes. She finally gave up and walked over to the bartender, who was chatting up a man at the other end of the bar. She looked annoyed as she made her way over. No smile, no sorry for the wait. We were informed of specials only after we asked. Luckily there is outside seating available, so we took our beers into the sunshine. It was a warm day, and the outside service was much better. We shared some nachos, and while good for bar food, they were the priciest I've ever ordered. With so many other great places in the area, we'll go somewhere else next time.Food is absolutely delicious, staff is friendly and attentive!  Can't wait to go back!  Everything was so yummy and fresh!My sisters and I always go to this place because they never disappoint, tonight they lived up to it. We all shared the fish tacos, crab quesadillas, and lobster Mac and cheese. Everything came out on time and was superb. I also had a glass of the Rosé, which was also amazing. If you are looking for a hole in the wall casual bar place with good food, look no further.My mother and I went in and had a lovely meal. The hostess was sweet and so was our food runner. The atmosphere is very chill and comfortable. You can't always please people with quesadillas but they hit it on the mark we licked the plate.  However, after what happened it will be hard to return. I asked for a 6 pack and I planned to pay for the 6 pack with cash( I had it out in my hand showing the waiter) but he added it to the bill. Instead of bothering him we just payed the bill and tipped on the meal and drinks, and mind you OVER 20 percent. This is when he took the book to the server table and slammed it down and said "thanks for nothing." That would have been enough but then I heard him complain loudly to the bar tender. I was shocked! It ruined a nice experience. I'm a waitress myself I know the hardships, my mother and I were please and thank yous the whole time. We simply did not deserve that.We decided on Campbells based on the Yelp reviews....oh Yelp you led us in the wrong direction. It happens so rarely so we will let it slide this time.
Campbells has nice / comfy decor....there is your two stars. We walked in and was greeted by an empty hostess stand. That is fine. We are adults who have been walking and sitting at bars for along time. Since every bar stool was empty we picked two great ones. After no one even approached us for 10 minutes we realized there was no bartender. First bar I've ever been to that had no bartender. We almost thought that we couldn't sit at the bar because we truly felt ignored, like we were doing something wrong.  
Finally a waitress came behind the bar and took our drink order and we got a couple menus. Food ordered and food showed up in a reasonable amount of time.
The food: 
Chicken Quesadillas - Super cold and small.
Chicken Sandwich - Pathetic. If I had a tape measure the piece of chicken might have been a 1/4" thick. 
Maple Glazed Brussels Sprouts - Not what I was thinking at all and actually kind of gross. Picture watered down maple syrup liquid in a bowl and then dropping a some Brussels Sprouts in. Had maybe 3 before I decided I was done eating.
Ordered one more round of beers from the waitress who just happened to be behind the bar at that point. We got lucky. Got one or our two beers. Solid waitresing. I'm actually glad she only gave my wife a beer and not me because I was done spending more $ there. 
Nice decor...but you can't eat or drink decor so we won't be back. Audi 5000 Campbell's Place.We have been here twice now and the service and the food are both top notch. Love it. Our new "go to" place!Campbells place was recommended to me and my bf. we were both immediately surprised with how nice everyone was. They try to seat u right away. Have only ever had a 10 minute wait so far. Each time I've gone I've gotten one of the specials. The beer list is worth the trip alone!! I highly highly recommend this pub. Delicious food, great service, ever changing beer list..... They could definitely charge more for what they offer. 
Recently tried to go to iron hill brewery, we  left for Campbell's place after being told there was a 50 min wait at iron hill. We'll be sticking with Campbell'sMiss this place!!!!When my husband lived in Chestnuthill we dined here a few times and it wasn't much to write home about. Recently after visiting the farmers market we stopped in to grab lunch and sooo happy we did! Not only did they have way cool art on the walls but the food was on point! The Brussels sprouts are amazing! I'm trying so hard to pin down a recipe for the blue cheese vinaigrette. I had the fish and chips which were awesome. The tartar sauce is one of the best I've had. My husband had the chicken sandwich. While messy it was good too. Yes it is a bit pricey for lunch (we spent $50, no drinks just two cokes) but it's worth it.Awesome place. Best food/atmosphere in Chestnut Hill!Campbell's is a great spot! I really like the warm atmosphere with exposed brick walls and cosy booths. The food is is always good with a gastro pub menu and lots of daily specials. They use a lot of local products and are even starting an offsite garden this summer for fresh produce etc....Had the Dirty Durkin special which I hope becomes permanent because it was deliciuos! My new favorite sandwich. Great beer selection too!Love this place.  My husband and I go as often as possible.  The food is excellent and we always feel welcome.  It is a great bar with a very good beer selection, but we prefer sitting in the booth area.  It took us a while to discover Campbell's because it doesn't look like much from the outside, but now we are hooked.We went here on a Saturday evening and had a 20-minute wait for a table.  We sat at the beautiful oak bar with comfy wood slat-backed stools watching the Phillies.  They have a great choice of draft beers here.  The tables are parallel to the bar, so the noise level is somewhat loud.  My partner had a grilled chicken sandwich with cheese and spinach and he said it was great.  I had the pork entree, which was exceptional.  The best pork I've ever had.  It was cooked with apples, maple-glazed brussel sprouts (OMG! so good), baked beans and mashed sweet potatoes.  It was to die for.  
Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable about the beer and the food. Although she told us she'd be back to see if we wanted coffee/tea or dessert, a few minutes later she brought the check and told us she wasn't rushing us.  Hmmm.
Overall, I can't wait to go back.Have enjoyed two lunches here in the past month or so.  One day I hope to partake in the bar, which has some great IPAs and other favorite beers of mine on draft.
My first visit I had the turkey burger, which was ok.  It was cooked fine, maybe a little overdone.  The meat incorporated a lot of parsley from what it looked like.  It was just ok.  The fries were excellent!
My colleagues had the grilled fish tacos, which looked delicious and the chicken lettuce wraps, which were also delicious--fresh, white meat chicken instead of ground chicken like you might get other places.
Today I visited and ordered the veggie burger.  The waiter said it was fried, so I almost decided against it.  Then he said it was like a falafel, which I love, so I ordered it.  Nope, he was wrong.  It looked like a frozen crab cake, the way the breading came on it.  It tasted like absolutely nothing.  It didn't have a chickpea flavor or even the curry rice that was supposed to be in it, let alone the other veggies.  I was very disappointed in this.
My friend got the crab and mushroom quesadilla, which was beautiful and absolutely delicious!  Fortunately she let me have a slice (we traded for those excellent fries).
The menu has all kinds of great things on it, but I keep ordering the wrong one!This is our go-to place every week! The atmosphere is exactly what my husband and I love. Exposed brick, moody lighting, adorable bar. The food here is always spectacular and fresh. The brussels sprouts are a MUST. I am a born and raised Philadelphian... And I would say Campbell's cheesesteaks are my TOP 3 places to get a cheesesteak. The bread, the meat, the toppings, the flavor. It's the best not greasy cheesesteak for sure. The only downside to Campbell's is that it's hard to fit a party of more than 6. It's TIGHT. And the upstairs isn't that appealing. Maybe they could put some more work into the upstairs room?? ANYWAYS, all my friends who come visit from out of town always request this as our first stop, keep killing it Campbell's Place!Beers on tap, atmosphere are worth the time. Food is par for the course, except the muscles - they are bomb!!!I'm posting this in hopes that Campbell's will hear my cries for help.  Campbell's - what's happening??  You were one of my go-to spots.  Great food, great beer, great portions/prices.  The last time I ate there (March '10), I was disappointed and, hence, have not returned.  The portions were much smaller and the foots slightly inferior.  Of course, the beer and staff were great.  But, I was so into the food!  Please listen, please go back to your old ways.The food here is really, really GOOD.  Everything is always consistently great (IMO).  Must haves are the mussels they run as a special.  They're done in a hoegardden sauce that's to die for, great soups, pork sliders, and just about everything else on the menu for that matter.
Sunday brunch is fun and again tasty!  Enjoy a complimentary mimosa or bloody mary.
Good people and good times.My husband and I love it here.  It's always packed and the food is awesome.  Service can be a bit slow at times, but worth the wait.  If you end up coming and they happen to serve their PB&J Burger (I know it sounds strange), try it.  It's one of the most awesomely unique things I've tasted and whenever it's available, I get it!Was torn on his many stars to choose but decided on four stars versus three for a few reasons: outdoor seating; not long lines like other Chestnut Hill spots; good food at good prices, especially brunch (breakfast burrito and salads--like arugula with goat cheese and beets--are excellent), plus can accommodate larger parties. Why I might give it 3 stars? Service can be really slow. Even if you're one of three tables. And if its nice out, it's dark inside (no windows). But it's a great winter spot and relaxed place to drink, so 4 stars it is!The food is good, we had mussels (they were good but I've had better), paella ( tiny for the price), hummus and cheese balls. I liked their beer selection but I only give them 2 stars for 2 reasons: the tiny portions and the pushy waitress. The waitress kept coming to our table, asking if we were going to order anything else, took my unfinished beer, brought the bill when one of us was still eating. It was a very stressful situation and I won't come back.Cute little bar in downtown Chestnut Hill. Didn't have any food but enjoyed a couple drinks at one of their outdoor tables. Service was great.
The downstairs bar has great exposed bricks and art for sale displayed up on the wall - I'm sure it is rotating but when we were in, it was paintings of trucks. Odd, but awesome! 
We are planning an event and they have an upstairs space - this wasn't so great and barely decorated at all. I imagine if they spruce it up it could be an awesome space.
Given the reviews, I think we'll go back and try the food soon!Great service, good food and dog friendly.  Cute interior bar and dining area.  We are outside under an umbrella with the dog.  Plenty of dog bowls.  Great beer and wine list.  We had salads and Philly steak sandwich.  Chicken lettuce wraps were good but hard to eat, as the lettuce didn't wrap around.  Nice street for people watching.I live around the corner and I go here frequently for dinner and drinks. The food is very good. The menu is varied, moderately-priced, and contains many upscale dinner choices such as steak, fish (catch of the day), mussels, scallops ... plus excellent burgers, cheesesteaks and salads. The interior is lovely. Service is good. The place can get crowded and noisy. Sometimes there is live music. I love this place! Highly recommended.We wanted to sit outside in the sun on a Sunday afternoon and enjoy and beer and burger.  Campbell's was a great place to meet our needs!  Yes, the service wasn't speedy.  Like other reviewers have said, it seemed like our waiter was the only server for the whole place, but he was friendly, kind, and was doing his best to hustle.  We enjoyed our beers, burger with fries, and arugula salad with beets and sunflower seeds.  Was the food amazing?  No.  Would I come here for the food?  Probably not.  But it was solid, and the setting was perfect.  I'll be back for there standard fare at their lovely sidewalk tables.That friendly neighborhood place where the casual atmosphere compliments the great food, the awesome bar, where you can enjoy your meal at a vibrant sidewalk in the summer.  This place is just great, go there!Good food (especially the hummus).  Comfortable.  Usually very quiet during the week for lunch, though I've heard it can be busy for dinner.  Attentive service.Bottomless mimosas (served generously in large wine glasses instead of flutes-LOVE IT!!!) for $15? Sign me up. Campbell's was found when we were turned away by most other brunch places on a rainy morning. Honestly, I am glad we found this place (my partner and I). The host was amazing and attentive, our server was even better. 
I got the Huevos Rancheros served on sweetened Masa. I was not the biggest fan of the sweet when I was expecting savory, but it was pretty great when I made my peace with it. Highly recommend it, we will be coming back over and over!Always a great meal and service at Campbells! The staff are always very nice a tentative to all of the customers!! Thank you Gene for you wonderful service!!Very enjoyable bar   Food good not great but why are the bottled beer taxed.  Only bar to do that ?????I'm not sure I think this place is a-ok, but I'd go for three stars rather than two stars.  Two seems too harsh.
I've been to Campell's a couple of times in the last couple of months, and a few times over the years before that.  
My short version is:  heart is in the right place, execution doesn't quite cut it.
As a vegetarian, I appreciate that they're trying.  Really.  And, they let dogs come sit at the outside tables.  And, the service is fine.  I think their pricing is fair enough for what they are and where they are.  
But, the last two meals have been disappointing.  Had the seitan cheese steak last visit.  Meh.  Last night, had the arugula salad which was a bit overdressed, but nice.  Then had the nachos.  I had read the description so I should have been forewarned (that's on me), but when I asked the server about them she said "authentic."  I think that's what's lodged.  But, they weren't "authentic."  They were mostly chips, with a weird sort of refried bean something spread over some of the chips, and an even weirder cheese sauce spread over the whole thing.  Again, it's on me that I didn't question cheese sauce in the menu description, but why put cheese sauce on nachos?  Totally unsatisfying meal, and for 10 bucks, not withstanding my comment on fair pricing above, I think way over priced.
Partner had a cheese steak last night and also thought "meh."  Last time had the wedge salad and liked it.  
Beer list is good, though, and really, heart's in the right place.  Can't have everything?  I wouldn't rule it out, I just wouldn't go with high expectations for a culinary delight (though meatatarians have reported the burgers are good.)The food is very good, but on the pricier side for what it is. Service is prompt, but not particularly warm. Great for sitting outside on a nice night in Chestnuthill. My favorite is the tuna burger with wasabi mayo done medium rare,a nd my husband loves their chicken pot pie. They recently added vegan/ vegetarian entree options which is great too.Stopped in for lunch, after hearing that cake down the street had over an hour wait. We were not disappointed. They had a great selection for both breakfast and lunch. I had the tuna burger, with a wasabi sauce. While my friends ordered eggs benedict. The food really was great. The fries and hash browns were perfectly seasoned. 
The bar also looked quite promising as they seemed to have a nice beer selection. Service was a little slow, but I was in a rush so it may just seemed that way to me.The beer selection is incredible.  I swear I saw the face of God in the homemade blue cheese dressing.The place is really Kool. It feels like an Old restaurant with a charm. I ordered the mussels with whte wine and it tasted really good. They give refills or soda and humangous bread. 
The waiter and his service is really much apprecited. The place offers wifi and patio and bar seating which is awesome. The only reason I gave 4 is because there were Flies inside the resto attacking my food. No esta Bueno!Great food especially the mussels, burgers and they have the best hummus I have ever tasted.  Service can be iffy sometimes and it can get a little crowded on Fri and Sat nights but it is well worth it for their food and beer.  
 They also have an upstairs room/bar you can reserve for Parties.  Have done this and they were very accommodating and supper nice with big groups.Came here last night with my husband and a friend to meet up for drinks.  I have eaten here once or twice before and was not impressed.  It was a little loud, but I just think it's the space.  Got a table in the back and then it was perfect.
Lat night, I had a good fish and chips dinner (mushy peas were way overcooked).  Also, had a fantastic Negroni at a reasonable price.  Campbell's has come up a notch in my book and I'm glad I have another hangout in the neighborhood.Love this spot. Great friendly service. Cool bartenders. Excellent food. Outrageous carrot cake.Service was great. Burger was one of the worst I've ever had. Dry overcooked hockey puckI saw a picture of the Campbell's Place lobster roll on the cover of Main Line Today Magazine last September and finally got around to trying it tonight! It was absolutely delicious!! Best lobster roll I have had to date.
I came here for dinner and my experience was great. My lobster roll was amazing and service was impeccable. Our waitress was friendly and our food came out only 10 minutes after ordering. 
I would probably not recommend this restaurant as a dinner destination. Campbell's Place is primarily a bar, so the atmosphere inside is dark and slightly grungy. But if you're looking for drinks and a great lobster roll, this is the place to go.Love this place! Great atmosphere. Lovely owners. Good food. Fun live music. Neat antique bar. Love the Brock walls and the artwork. Good beer selection. Order the muscles cooked in beer, bacon and blue cheese. They are the bomb.Really impressed with this place.   Excellent bar and food menu.  We enjoyed the Brussels sprouts appetizer.  Dinner was lovely;  paella and 50/50 venison/beef burger.  Good atmosphere.   Would come back.A solid 4 star stop in Chestnut Hill.  The service, the beers, the food...very very good.  This is a frequent stop of mine on a night you don't know what you want to do or eat.  A varietal menu with great apps and salads, albeit expensive salads, good bar food and warm comforting entrees from burgers through meatloaf to a nice grilled salmon.
Last night I started with a fresh, delicious salad of aged Gouda & Prosciutto,
mixed greens, pistachios & tossed in a sweet fig vinaigrette.  Followed it up with a wonderful rare sushi grade tuna on a soft brioche bun with a wasabi aioli.  The tuna is excellent, pure and tender and definitely not small.
The beers on tap rotate, but they continue to carry one of my faves, Racers 5.  Good bar service and a lively, happy crowd from the surrounding neighborhood. 
Stay just the way you are, you've got "it".It's a bar, so the ambiance is noisy, but the food is exceptional. Fresh and nicely prepared. We have been there a number of times. 
One tip...if you order the fries, you might consider requesting them without salt. They tend to over salt them and the fries are excellent without salt. I've ordered burgers, crab cakes, salads. It's a cut above the usual "bar food" which, in a city known for great bar food, is really saying something.We go here regularly for family dinners and meeting friends. The mussels cooked with beer and blue cheese and bacon is so delicious that .I order the same thing every time. It is great for kids with a reasonable selection of child friendly items on the menu.  From the outside it looks like a bit of a hole in the wall but inside is very nice with exposed brick and changing art exhibits.  Downstairs is small and cozy with booths. There is space upstairs for bigger tables.Soda was flat. Fish and chips were very fast food like and I left hungry. If you like homemade pirogies, those were good.I have been to Campbell's Place on three different occasions and have ordered something completely different every time.  The food is creative and dependably tasty. The beer selection hasn't disappointed me yet.  Definitely somewhere I would recommend to anyone visiting Chestnut Hill. It offers SO much more than pub food.  The brussel sprouts are delicious!Campbell's has the feel of a comfy old world tavern with the creative menu of a center city restaurant.  Chef Rob Mullen's vision for the Campbell's kitchen includes "A focus on delicious and high quality food made with the freshest local ingredients."  Rob has extensive culinary experience and has even toured with U2.
I headed over to Campbell's with some family members on a Wednesday night in October.  Campbell's is on Germantown Ave right next to Fiesta Pizza.  The exterior of the restaurant is not eye catching but the food certainly is.  As you walk in booths line the right wall and the 100 year old  bar runs along the left wall.  
The interior of this place just exudes a warm cozy feeling.  The wood ceiling and warm lighting just set the stage for a fantastic experience.  Our server came right over and took our drink orders.  The beer list features about 50 bottles had  included several of my favorite Belgians.   On draft they feature  5 rotating taps in addition to their standard beers.
After perusing the menu I decided to go with our server's and a friends recommendation of the Bourbon Pork.   Our other entree's were the Crab Quesadilla, Fish & Chips and Chicken Pie.  As we waited for our meals we sampled some Franziskaner Hefe-Weissbier, Palm & Lindeman's Kriek. The Lindeman's almost tasted like fruit juice.  It would go perfect with desert.
Our food came out promptly and everything looked great.  The Bourbon Pork consisted of a well cooked tenderloin accompanied with sweet potato mash, house baked beans & their signature brussel sprouts.  I think there were a few pieces of roasted pear on this dish but I'm not 100% sure.
Can I have more brussel sprouts?  Yeah I said it.  I couldn't believe it either.  The brussel sprouts were tender, sweet examples of culinary genius.
The Chicken Pie was a baked Puff Pastry stuffed with a ton of shredded chicken and veggies over a bed of lettuce.  My mom's Crab Quesadilla was good and very spicy.  The Fish and Chips was good but not mind blowing.
Campbell's has me wanting to go back tonight.  Seriously,  I was that impressed.  I would not only like to eat a Campbell's but its a cool spot to just grab drinks.
Creative menu.. Top notch service.. Diverse beer list.This is one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants. Many of the dishes are extremely good, such as the brussel sprouts and the arugala salad or the bourban pork. We love that really good specials, such as the fish tacos, will become a part of the menu. We love the service, it is efficient and friendly, and the changing art work makes it fun to see who will be up on the walls next.I have been to Campbell's Place for two different occasions...
1. Late night bar with friend- AWESOME!  Good beer selection, prompt friendly bar service.  Reasonable prices.  I prefer the upstairs bar- kinda feels like you're in a friend's apartment.  
2.  Early Afternoon Brunch- Again, wonderful prompt service.  Food was really really good!  I had the huevos rancheros and my husband had the french toast.  We were really torn because there were so many options that we wanted to try.  We actually split the dishes for this reason.  We plan to return to try some of the other choices.  Small comment- it kinda felt like everyone had just left the bar about an hour before we got there.  It's not a sun-filled bright brunch spot- it's a tavern/bar.  Adjust your ambiance expectations, but do not lower them!Love this place! Great food, good drinks and friendly staff and owners. If I ever move away, I'll be sad the leave this great neighborhood barI like this spot, as I live next door and it has a much more neighborhood feel than Iron Hill across the street.  I never had a single complaint until last week when the young heavy set girl with dark hair was so darn right rude to me infront of other customers that I promptly paid for my beer, left zero tip and walked out.  And I know i wasn't drunk and obnoxious as it was my very first beer of the night.  
As she was going over beers with the guy seated next to me and I heard her say that the mad elf was on draft, i simply asked " oh the mad elf is on?"  She turns to me and says infront of the other guy in the most irritated voice "thats what I said isn't it".  I was walking in looking for a nice place to grab a drink I certainly don't need to be treated like that.  I would rather walk a 2 blocks up to McNallys and be treated with some respect.  
Im sure the owners know who she is.  It's a shame as it certainly ruined my favorite local bar for me.We've gone to Campbell's about once or twice a month for the past 2 years.  
THE GOOD: 
1. The hummus platter! It's got roasted red peppers, olives, artichoke hearts, warm pita and a heaping serving of really good hummus. 
2. The grilled fish tacos. Yummy and Yummy, and Yummy.
3. Excellent beer selection. Both draft and bottle.
Honestly, their food is really quite good and I can't think of a time where we left disappointed. 
THE BAD:
1. Depending on what time you decide to stroll in there, the wait could be pretty bad, because it's a tiny establishment.  Seriously.  Like you may have to turn sideways to fit through the door if you've not been working out for a few months.
2. One bathroom in the restaurant (boooooooooooo) there's one on the way out of the restaurant, but who cares about that?!Campbell's Place has one of the best lobster rolls in the Philadelphia area. If you've ever had one in Maine, you know what I mean. Buttered split-top roll, good amount of lobster chunks, just enough mayo to hold it together. Great summertime seafood sandwich!We love Campbell's. The food is incredible and the atmosphere is great as well. Try the Spicy Steamers, best sauce ever. Specials are always good as well and great beer selection. Highly recommend this Chestnut Hill gem.Good beer, great bar tenders , good food. There is almost always a interesting bunch of people in this place. Sit back relax have a drink and enjoy the casual atmosphere. The food is diverse. Tasty. The Asian wings are my favorite. The taco flat bread is a treat.  1 complaint- special are things that are not already on the menu.Been going here for years, I guess it's about time to do the review. Was there on Wednesday with an out of towner. It helps for me that this place is within walking distance. We sat at the bar and ate. We split the Brussels sprouts and finally my favorite menus item from days gone past was available as a special: the beef shorts ribs. Don't know why they are called ribs really. It's a slow cooked very tender piece of beef that falls apart to your fork, smothered in an Irish stew like sauce with carrots and onions, with a bit of mashed potatoes. Washed it all down with some local brew. That's a proper Wednesday night out in the neighborhood.
I have to say that about a year ago it seemed the serving sizes had shrank at Campbell's, while the prices went up. Over the last few months though all is good again.
As for service. Molly is always great behind the bar and the rest of the waitstaff always treat my crew great.
The only thing of late that bugs me is that some of the customers get loud in this small space. I know that's normal in a neighborhood tavern. Maybe it's the cranky old man thing coming out in me. Still, I like this spot.