This place is absolutely beautiful. It looks like those million dollar homes in China (you only see in movies). A group of seven of us came. We were greeted and seated right away. 
We sit down and order hot tea right away. The menu here is intense. Tons of options. From serving size soups simple soups to the extremely expensive delicacy of soft shell turtle soup.
We ordered Pea Sprout w/Fresh Garlic. This dish was fresh and garlicy. Simple and good.
Chef's Fried rice w/Conopy, Fish, Tomato, Spring beans etc. This dish is huge. Crispy, soft, and different from all other fried rice, I have tried. I think the tomatoes gives it a slightly fresh flavor. Very good.
Sauteed Frog w/scallion in Guang Dong Style. The frogs tasted really fresh. Like chicken. Lol. The flavors were light. Sauteed peppers in different assortment and onions accompanied this dish and it was perfect. What ever Guang Dong Style is? I love it.
General Two's Chunk Chicken and Jumbo Shrimp. Now, this is a dish I would not habe ordered but I am glad Ramon ordered this. The best General Tso's I have ever eaten. Lightly battered chicken breast, fried crispy on the outside but tender and juicy on the inside. The shrimp were big and fresh. All of that tossed in this heavenly sauce. You can taste the ginger and slightly sweet flavor in this dish. (Highly recommended).
Ma Po Tofu. If you are of Chinese decent, you will love this dish. Soft and silky tofu mixed with minced pork, peas, mushroom and I believe it's muster greens. It's so good. This is a real Chinese dish.
Stir fried Cubed Steak w/Terriyaki Sauce. The steak is cooked to perfection with asparagus and scallion. This dish had the lightest or softest flavor out of all the dishes. Also very good. The meat is tender.
Pan fried steak with mixed peppers. This is actually like sizzling steak. The peppers are super fresh and an abundant array of different types of peppers mixed with onions. Tender and flavorful. Very good.
Salmon avocado. This was good. The soy sauce that accompanied this dish was very light in flavor. 
We also ordered hot tea and white rice. The white rice is served serving size. I am not use to that. Most places serve a big bowl to share. Overall, our bill was about $145. Tip separately. For the amount of food we ordered I thought our bill would have been much higher. 
I would highly recommend this place. I did read a few reviews prior to trying this place. Yes, this place is absolutely beautiful. Stunning. Looks like only the rich can eat here. Lol. Service was excellent. I don't speak Chinese. I ordered everything in English. Price was very good for what we ordered. 
Parking is metered. Space is air conditioned well. They have a sushi counter next to the beautiful fish tank. I will have to come back for dim sum and karaoke another time.So I am by far NOT a connoisseur of Asian food but I have to say, this place was great.
We opted for the Dim Sum which was tasty and definitely quality.  The shrimp dumplings were BOMB.  The place is bright and spacious and the staff and owner were very nice and accommodating.  I'm pretty sure they knew that we had no idea what we were ordering LOL.
We couldn't help but notice the family across from us.  They had some kind of feast with crab legs that looked absolutely amazing!
This place also has KTV karaoke, something that I have always wanted to try.
I'll definitely be back.Excellent food and services! Good experience! Definitely gonna bring more friends there again !Disgusting food quality. The dim sum I ordered has a weird oder. Just disgusting. 
Half of the items we ordered are not available. Do not try this placeVery delicious dim sum, canton food and Sichuan food. You can have all of them here with very reasonable price and high quality service. I even get different free deserts every time! BTW, if you want karaoke, the min spending is a lot which I haven't tried yet.
Updated 04/22/17: they have changed their chef and the menu is not as good as it used to be.Nice place for family gathering. Fresh seafood and authentic Chinese snacks. Good serve and very fast response.I want to give Canton 11 5 stars but here's why I haven't:
We had NYE dinner upstairs. The place is very opulent and funky which we loved. The food, not so fantastic. We asked for recommendations and the server told us that we would have to ask the manager because he had no idea what he's eaten there before and could not name any of the dishes.
We got a shrimp and scallops dish which was good, the kung pao chicken was mediocre. The edamame was cold, which they said was intentional, but odd.
This is why this place gets stars: the downstairs! We didnt have a private room but the bar area was awesome! The light up floor, the weird mannequin, the retro microphones, the music. It was such an awesome vibe! Thinking of seeing if we can rent it out for a birthday party! I'd go back, not for dinner..but to party.Prices are pretty steep for entrees in China Town ($14-20). Beautiful interior that looks highly renovated and modern. Smaller restaurant in that its around 10 tables. Presentation on dishes is solid, and they are served with good portions.This review is purely for the underground karaoke. 
I came here with my husband and 3 friends. We were greeted by the bouncer who kindly asked to see our IDs before being immediately escorted down by another gentleman who introduced us to the downstairs bar and karaoke lounge. 
The decor is beautiful and not overly crowded. Given the fact that this place just opened up this month, I can tell it's yet to be discovered by the crowd up in Tango and Yakitori Boy. The fact that the crowd is modest is a pro because you're not shoulder to shoulder to someone and you're not on a list with 30 other people waitng to sing your song!
Drinks were a little pricey, 5 sapporos came to 75.00 and 3 bombay sapphires with tonic came to 21.00; but I suppose that's not bad considering we had space, a friendly and attentive staff, and beautiful decor. I'm ok with that.
I didn't order any food, but my one friends did order lamb. Unfortunately, they ran out of lamb so I couldn't tell you how it tasted. No biggie, we ate prior to our arrival so it was just something for us to nibble on. I'm pretty forgiving since this place only opened about maybe 3 weeks ago. If you're the kind of person looking for 5 stars across the board, I'd suggest giving this place a few months to get acclimated to the crowd and supply and demand.
At the very end, when you see your check, don't freak out seeing 20% gratuity added on. Your subtotal is your total and the total with the 20% is what it'll come to IF you decide to give them 20%. When we put down the card she returned with the 2 slips with the actual total (without gratuity) and the blank line for you to pen down the tip as well as the blank line for new total.  Don't ask me why it's confusing; this is just what I was told and experienced.  Bottom line, the 20% wasnt added on by them, but the service was great so we calculated out 20% anyway.
If you're looking for a fun night with your friends to hang, drink, dance, sing, and mingle with some new people without feeling like your being packed in like sardines, this is the place to be!The place is good and servers here are very nice.The price is really cheap for a lot of quantityThe best dim sum in Philadelphia. Cheap and high quality. Totally Chinese food, not American Chinese food. I love the fake carrot.This is primarily a review for the karaoke. We came here with a group of friends on a weeknight. We elected to try out the public singing experience, mostly because we were already broke, and we were impressed with the overall fancy bar ambiance and the large screen. However, we had some trouble getting the songs versions to correlate with the ones that we had in mind, thus it was a lot of waiting and disappointments. Overall, it was alright, but nothing too crazy to write home about.I really want to try this so bad. 
But because of some bad review, I felt I don't wanna eat there. But today I decided to give it a try!
The Dim Sum price is fine, for small one is $3.50 and medium is $4.50 (same price on the menu). I thought they don't have the Dim Sum cart but they do have it, but just little bit. If you want the deep fried Dim Sum you should order, I guess. Mostly just steamed one in the cart & congee/soup cart. 
The taste is good, I like the ribs & the shumai. I didn't see any soy sauce, Dim Sum sauce, hot sauce, chili oil etc on the table. Then I asked them to have a soy sauce & hot sauce/chili pepper (maybe I asked wrong or they really don't have it). 
Then they gave me this sauce, which is soy sauce & sliced green pepper, not too bad but this is not really what I want. 
And they really speak Chinese! I did talk in English but some waitress still talk Chinese with me lol. 
I will give 4 or 5 stars if they have all that sauce on the table & serve more Dim Sum in the cart!Dinner here for friend birthday. Glad we can get discount from yelp. Beautiful place. The Peking duck is really goodHere it is.. I've eaten everywhere in Chinatown..So on a Saturday nite at 12am my girl n I go in and sit down..The basement nite club was very busy but at midnight the restaurant was quiet.. I'll get down to business... I ordered a small feast from sushi to dim sum to main course dishes. Everything was fresh and of high quailty.. Friendly staff and good management made this a great experience.. I will be back.. Look , I've ripped into crap run businesses on yelp..so this super positive review doesn't come lightly.. Give these guys a visit..First time at Canton 11. My first impression was the beautiful interior decoration.The dishes we ordered were delicious. Michael, the manager was sweet and funny. We'll definitely come back.Hmmm another Dimsum place in Chinatown, why not try it, right ?
The place itself 5 stars! Gorgeous! It has a very nice spot in Arch St. There's 3 levels, basement (mostly bar), 1st Floor (Dimsum), 2nd Fl (Big Parties, or Dimsum). We came here on a Friday during lunch, we got seated (Party of 8), the servers were accomodating but didn't really understand too much English. The selection of Dimsum on the carts were okay, a lot of Dimsum are not served here :( not like Joy Tsin Lau or Ocean City. They don't have hot oil which all of my colleagues prefer, they don't have a dessert cart (you need to order them separately). A big plus though is the SioMai are larger than Joy Tsin Lau and Ocean City. Hopefully they will have more Dimsum Choices in the future and read cutsomer reviews. We will try again in maybe a month or twovery good one and the food is nice, also the environment is nice and service is good. Been to here several times, also the location is good, recommend to other people to comeMy family and I came here for Dim Sum on a Sunday around 12:30pm.  This place is much bigger than it looks from the outside. 
The staff here is very friendly, which is a nice change from the rude staff at the other dim sum places close by.  I arrived before the rest of my family and was able to get seated first. My family took about 10 minutes and none of the staff rushed me or bothered me while I waited.  
Once everyone arrived, the staff was quick to get our drink order and the dim sum carts started coming around.  Their dim sum selection is about the same as the other places near by.  We had the shrimp dumplings, veggie dumplings, ribs, congee, etc.  Everything was very tasty. 
The main reason I give this place 5 stars is because of the superb service.  I've always had fairly negative experiences in Chinatown with regards to service so when I finally found a place where the staff is extremely polite and attentive, that really means a lot.  I'll definitely be back here and recommend this to all my friends.First time try this newly open restaurant out. Interior decor wows you but the dim sums are opposite, not fresh, minimal selection and no taste.The food was mediocre and they put too much oil and corn starch in some fried dishes. It's not a good representation of authentic Chinese food.
What's worse, the manager was very rude and irresponsible. We put our umbrella in a container provided by the restaurant. But when we finished our dinner, the umbrella disappeared. We understood that there were many customers and it might be difficult for them to keep an eye on it. But the manager was very apathetic and cold. It was rainy hard outside and we walked instead of driving.  We asked him but he said they had nothing to do with it. I don't think people in this restaurant really care about their customers.
We felt very bad and upset. It was our WORST dining experience!At first, it felt a little intimidating to come here since it looks so fancy. But after going inside, i really like it. The service is friendly and the food and place are nice.Wonderful dinner at Canton 11 tonight! I am new to the area and just happened in later in the evening (They're open until 3am!) The service was amazing - I got a lot of help with menu since it was my first time in and there were a lot of options and sake ordering which I really appreciated. I ordered shrimp dumplings - they were perfect! they arrived super hot and so delicious. I also ordered twice cooked pork (I asked for it spicy) - Just WOW! large portion, fresh veggies and perfectly cooked pork. I really enjoyed everything - the staff is here to please! The fresh fruit served with my check was such a welcome surprise. (FUN bar in the basement too - didn't check it out but it seemed busy...) I felt so welcome - I'm definitely coming back.The best dim sum I have ever eaten, even better than those famous ones in mainland China. This is the restaurant you never want to miss! Can not wait to come back again!One of the newer dim sum establishments in Philly Chinatown. I found the food to be fresh and service to be decent. Will have to come back next time to check out their karaoke bar or dinner service.Excellent service. I mean really, they were very attentive and spoke English relatively well for a Chinese joint. It's spacious so it was perfect for my big family. It's clean which is not always the case for these types of restaurants. The food was not excellent, hence the four stars. Better than average for food. The price was ok as well. I believe we spent around $350 w/o tip for a party of 15+. A lot of left overs for tomorrow. I would recommend.We just had a wedding banquet at Canton 11.  It was a wonderful experience.  The management was very attentive to our needs.  The service was great.  Food was beautifully prepared and delicious.  The restaurant decor was beautiful.  The video/audio system was amazing.  Overall we had an awesome time and a very memorable experience.  Thank you Tina and Michael.We stopped at this place for lunch on a Saturday downtown, with a group of five. The service was terrible. It took over an hour to get our food, and then it came one dish at a time with 10-15 minutes in between.  Two of us ordered dishes hot and spicy, and there was a lot of salt but barely any spice or hot pepper.  The food was average at best. There are many other places with better food and service so we will not be back.I went here with my family for the first time today. Food is very Food. Service is excellent. Price is reasonable. We had a private room with karaoke. Really a great time. Plan to return again for family dinners/ banquets in the future.Yummy!!!最正宗的广东香港菜系，粉丝蒜蓉蒸带子味道一流，浓浓的味道都入到粉丝里面，一口下去满满的满足。还有很多东西没办法都试过，一定会回来的，也强烈推荐这家店，还有酒吧、喜欢的人关注一下While the food was decent the dining room was dated and server kept vanishing. We needed extra napkins but had to get them ourselves. I would try it again but with a different server onlyI have visited the restaurant three times in the past two months.
My average wait time for my dish is about 30 minutes due to their forgetfulness and miscommunication with the kitchen staff.  The manager was apologetic, however he did not do anything about but asking us to wait for another 5 minutes, which then became 15+ minutes.  This happened multiple times.  
So, if you have some time to kill, this may not be a bad place!Pro: the decorations are fantastic 
Cons: service is lacking. I asked for water 3 times before I actually got any water. The waiter walked back and forth endlessly doing nothing before he finally went to get water. the water came in tiny wine cups. I've been here before and I know they have normal full sized cups to serve water in.
For dim sum, the hours are nice but they are very slow in serving the food.
Prices are slightly higher than your average dim sum placeOrdered the clams with black bean sauce, jumbo shrimp and scallops in schzuesan sauce, and filet migon with vegetables. All incredible and tender with a blast of flavor. The service was top shelf and the food came out quickly. Inside looks like a fancy chinese mansion. 5/5 would reccomend to a friendAnother Cantonese restaurant in Philly Chinatown... pretty standard. The KTV downstairs is good.Good service, good yee mein and lamb pot . Would come back too. Im allergic to seafood, but my friends seemed to enjoy the shrimp. Also the goldfish are cool.Their takeout bag fxxking broke! Twice! 
First time on my way back home, broken and spilled everything on the floor. Called and got apologies.
Second time broke in my car. Made a mess and killed my tomato leaves. Apparently they did not learn from the first time when I called and informed them what happened. I am never going bak to this restaurant from now on.Clean and open late. The snowpeas leaf was good . Beef chow fun was awesome with chili oil. Came in with a big party of 12. Nice and spacious.We came at lunch on a Friday for dim sum and we were one of 5 tables, so pretty quiet. We recorded excellent service, quick refresh of plates, and the carts came fast. I'd definitely recommend for family, friends, and coworkers. I'm from California so I'm dim sum spoiled. The quality of the food here is on par with what I consume on the east coast, on average.I usually avoid writing reviews about Philly Chinatown restaurants for two main reasons: (1) because I have extremely subjective favorite spots, and (2) because the quality of the food can vary wildly from meal to meal. However, Canton 11 is a fairly new spot that consistently serves excellent Cantonese fare in a clean, modern space with surprisingly good service.
Canton 11 does mainstream staples such as General Tso's chicken, red pork, and the honey walnut shrimp extremely well - the quality of their ingredients makes a huge difference. The shrimp is always large and bouncy, and the red pork is fresh with little trace of baking soda (a common Chinese meat tenderizing trick that leaves an unpleasant aftertaste). However, the reason we keep going back is for the traditional Canto dishes - for example, the whole fish whose meat is separated from the bones and steamed with vegetables while the bones are deep-fried. The fried ginger scallion lobster is also excellent - and they use very fresh lobsters! (And in case it isn't apparent, the 3rd big reason I don't review Chinese restaurants often is because I don't know the English names for half of these dishes...) The Peking duck is also quite good - the duck is well-executed (but a tad greasy) and they serve it with fluffy, sweet bao buns as opposed to the wraps. 
In general, dishes are a little smaller and a little more expensive than what you'd find at other Chinatown restaurants. But to us, the few extra dollars is worth it for a much better-tasting meal and more enjoyable dining experience.
The staff is very English-speaker friendly and in general, service is courteous and quick. I've noticed that most servers are happy to explain menu items or suggest dishes, which in my experience is pretty unusual at a Philly Chinatown restaurant. The space is clean, spacious, and modern, with a large, beautiful fish tank filled with red parrot fish. The bathrooms are clean as well. Canton 11, with its higher-end but still affordable take on Cantonese cuisine, is a fantastic addition to the Philly Chinatown scene.Everything is very impressive; the decoration  is fabulous; customer service extremely courteous; food portion is plenty; the price is a lot  lower than any comparable restaurant; a big bowl of crab meat with fish maw soup is only $18.00; tasty & delicious ginger & onion lobster
, about 2 pounds, is only $25.00; large pea spout is fresh and delicious; garlic on choy is as good as it get.
A must go to cantonese style cuisine; when you take friends to this restaurant, they will love everything about this place and you will like the lower price of the check.I don't come in the morning that much for Dim Sum.  I come at night to enjoy the drunks and socially awkward couples or soon to be couple ?. Down at the basement there's a karaoke bar, It's like those Koreans drama where people stand in stage to sing their favorite song from someone who sound like "ice jay jay fish" to "Beyoncé". It's a enjoyable sight to see and there's also a bar to enjoy while their singing in front of you. Best advice to not be socially awkward is to be drunk as fuck then sing your heart out cause no one cares.Don't let the over-the-top facade or finishings fool you... this is a place for serious eating. With expert guidance from enthusiastic Hong Kong native Michael, who made sure the bartenders made our cocktails to our specifications, we chose 3 authentic Cantonese dishes - lobster dumplings, filet Mignon with rosemary, and grouper in dry pork sauce.  
We were particularly pleased at the pacing of the meal.  Drinks actually came out first, which annoyingly often doesn't happen these days for some reason. We lingered over cocktails for a good 10-15 minutes before our dumplings arrived.  Michael recommended the chili sauce as an accompaniment, and it went perfectly with the large buttery chunks of perfectly cooked lobster tail.
After the waitstaff cleared away our plates, they brought fresh ones for the main course, a class move.  And again, pacing was leisurely, not too fast, not too slow, like this meal was worth savoring.
First entree to arrive was the filet Mignon with rosemary.  So tender a knife was unnecessary, the succulent beef was nicely flavored with rosemary, accompanied by red and yellow bell peppers. Next was the grouper, breaded in corn meal and wok-fried, not at all greasy, paired with a super fragrant spicy pork and chili pepper "sauce." Michael explained that this was a typical Hong Kong preparation, minced pork cooked in egg yolk w hot peppers as an accompaniment to a mild fish.  The pairing working beautifully. An icy Tsingtao cut the spice perfectly.
We ended the meal with a traditional dessert, a lightly sweet warm soup of pumpkin, taro, and green beans.  Never would have imagined liking it so much.
On our way out Michael insisted on showing us the enormous banquet spaces on the 2nd floor, including a private party room featuring a massive round table with a fountain in the center and mechanical Lazy Susans to move the food around.  Over the top but awesome.
We will be back!I want to give this place 5 stars for two reasons:  customer service and decor.  The staff was very courteous and the restaurant is beautiful.  I went around midnight on a Sunday and the only places open in Chinatown then are crummy spots with "ok" food and poor service.  
I wasn't in the mood for anything extravagant this visit and got shrimp wonton soup, spring rolls and General Tso's Chicken.  The soup needed some salt, the spring rolls were ok but not the best I've had and the Tso had a good, gingery flavor but the sauce should have been thickened, in my opinion.  But overall, good flavor, nothing blew me away but I'll be back to try more, especially for late-night eats when my favorite restaurants are closed.I was pleasantly surprised during my trip to Canton 11. Like many others, we went there for a business holiday dinner upstairs.
It's hard to beat the interior decor of Canton 11 especially in Chinatown. I won't get into detail, just look at the pictures. 
Since it was a business holiday party, we didn't order anything. It was a traditional Chinese banquet served family style. I do remember that everything was surprisingly good. I keep saying this because I initially thought it'd be all surface and no substance like many other places decked out like this. I do remember the Peking Duck and that was quite good.
No complaints about the service either but there was no language barrier for us as there might be for some others. The only negative I'll say is that karaoke songs are kind of lacking (but serviceable) and the software is not user friendly but I'm assuming that will be improved as time goes on since the location is pretty new.
I am curious now how their dinner service is and plan on going back soon to try out their regular menu.
Points for: Decor, food, service
No real complains unless you're really into karaoke.This review is focused on the karaoke bar area located downstairs. 
We came here to celebrate two birthdays and had an easy time finding parking and getting in. No cover charge and went in to find a nice bar area and plenty of seating and a light up dance floor with karaoke. 
The bartenders were quick and did a good job getting to people in the order they came. The drinks aren't as expensive as other places in the city as well. We got a bottle of Medea which lights up with whatever you want to write on it. Small bonus but still cool and something everyone wanted to take pics of. Attractive staff which is a nice bonus as well. 
Karaoke is also FREE which is nice. Usually most places, karaoke in the public bar area is like $5 for 2 songs or something which isn't much but the fact that it was free just made it feel like a nice bonus rather than a paid service there to milk a few extra bucks out of customers. The karaoke machine is very well up to date with music and they play the actual music video if there was a music video for that song, not those weird ass C videos you usually see haha. Not a big deal either way but it was nice to see their free karaoke was so up to date. If you're at the bar area, you of course hearing the singing but it isn't overwhelming where you have to yell at the person next to you just to have a conversation. 
We partied here till closing and then went upstairs to order seafood fried rice to go. For how cold it's been lately, it was nice to just have food right there after partying rather than needing to go somewhere else. They gave us a lot for our buck too. 
Had a really good time overall and the night wasn't too pricey at all. My friends were already talking about the next trip there.Authentic dim sum. Don't worry about the decor and service. Go for the food. Pretty decent.I was in a karaoke room with 3 other people. The room was really nice and comfortable and the sound system was amazing. The room decor was very modern and somewhat fancy looking. The room had a private bathroom which I thought was very convenient. The place was very clean and organized as well which was a plus. Their song selection system was not too confusing to use but sometimes, some songs/artists didn't show up. They had a great selection of english songs including the new songs as well. Our service wasn't too good because the waiter didn't hear us ringing the service bell. Perhaps it was a very busy night. Overall, I had a pretty good time here even though the rate was a little bit pricey. For a price of $70/ hour, this place was on a bit pricey side compares to other karaoke places in the area. However, you can order as much food and drink to match up the amount of the room so it was not that bad considering you get the food for "free". Be wary of mics with low batteries because our mics kept dying due to low batteries making the experience less enjoyable.This is the second time we went. Both times were excellent! Today we went on a Sunday for Dim Sum, everything was hot and fresh, and absolutely delicious. The staff is friendly and helpful, and it was very cheap for a lot of food. 
The bathrooms are the cheapest in Chinatown also. 
Come have great meal!Came here for dim sum on Friday morning.  Really empty and the food are lukewarm, not as hot as I would like.  The selections are limited as well and waitresses spent more time talking among themselves than servicing the customer.  Their regular menu items are much better than Dim Sun, this the 2 stars ratingI've only been here for dim sum so I can't speak for their dinner service/food or Karaoke bar but my experience with their dim sum has always been great. Let me first just say that their dim sum is just ok. It's decent but not spectacular--there are definitely better dim sum places in Philly. However, their service is AMAZING--Every. Single. Time. The bad rep that Chinese establishments get for their service isn't wrong; 8 out of 10 times you do get bad service or bad attitudes from servers at Asian places. Surprisingly, this place gets it right. I don't know where they're hiring these people or what kind of pep talk they get, but everyone there has always been super friendly to us. Like I mentioned before their dim sum is just standard but the service keeps me going back. It doesn't hurt that this place is always clean and the decor is beautiful.  Thanks for being nice to people Canton 11 - I see it and I appreciate it.The place is very nice and comfortable. The food was awesome and the waiters are very friendly. Food came fast and service is good. Hopong to come back again next time. :)今天试了一下他們家的new sushi bar 味道么么的.....服務人員的專業职场也是爆滿的...環境更是浪漫又大方.....值得大家一试....走过路過：請不要錯过，試試也不謂Ordered the clams with black bean sauce, jumbo shrimp and scallops in schzuesan sauce, and filet migon with vegetables. All incredible and tender with a blast of flavor. The service was top shelf and the food came out quickly. Inside looks like a fancy chinese mansion. 5/5 would reccomend to a friend
Came here again ordered lo mein it was rly good. again, great serviceWe had a group of 4 out last night. The sign said to wait to be seated so we waited about 20min only to be told that we had to go talk to someone to get seated... when we finally got a table it took us about an hour to an hour and a half to get any of our food (including appetizers). We got the fried dumplings, they weren't amazing but they tasted alright. When we got our meals though I was not impressed, after reading some of the reviews I thought the food would be amazing and in all honesty I would've rather gone to Panda Express than here. The drinks were good though I will say that! And the staff was friendly. Overall not worth itexcellent restaurant, beautiful decor, impecible service. the food was perfectly prepared and presented with pride. worth the tripI went here with a bunch of friends for karaoke. They have a large number of private rooms upstairs, and also have a karaoke lounge in the basement. We got a number of dishes to share as well as pictures of the sangria and margaritas. my friends and I had had such a great time and everything that we ordered was very delicious. The drinks probably could have been a little stronger, but I don't think anyone was complaining. I had never been here for karaoke before as I didn't even realize they had it but I will definitely be calling to set up reservations again in the future because it was an absolute blast. The only small hiccup was that in the beginning the machine was set up for Chinese language and our waiter had left to go put in our order so for about the first 15 minutes we were struggling to convert the machine back into English but otherwise we had a lot of fun it was great.This was one of the worst dining experiences I have even had. We sat down at 7:10 and we're given drinks. However, after 35 minutes of waiting, nobody came to take our order. We went to go talk to the manager to inquire as to why this was the case, after which she went into the kitchen and did not come back. After about five minutes of this my party and I had had enough and decided to leave without even getting food. Never go to this restaurant. It is the worst of what Philadelphia has to offer.My friends and I came here for a fun night of karaoke on a Friday around 11:00pm. Luckily it wasn't super packed, as most people were in the private rooms. We spent our night in the main room, which was nice and communal. The drinks were average price, around $6 for beer, and the venue itself was neat. There are huge screens by the stage so you can read lyrics and sing along from just about any location in the bar. The floor of the stage also lights up, which was cool!
While some might see this as a positive, one of my favorite parts of karaoke is going through the big book of songs and picking out my favorites. That wasn't an option here. Instead everything is digitized and you just tell the person what song you want and they look to see if they have it. So while I typically like to flip through a book and think "Oh I wouldn't mind singing that," I had to actually sit and think of what songs I'd like to sing. On a positive note, they had everything my group of friends requested.
The last point is that the music is too loud and it drowns our nearly every singer who goes on stage. And it didn't seem to be instrumental versions, because you could always hear the original artist in the background. So the combination of incredibly loud music with non instrumental versions made it a little less like karaoke and more like singing in the car.After your face has been completely melted by a blazing performance at the Troc, like the arc of the covenant has been opened at your very feet and you refused to look away, you may find that you are hungry...in Chinatown. Step in to Canton 11, spend the 15 bucks, and their banquet of succulence will take your soul and punch it into submission. Orange beef, general tso and garlic shrimp clamor for your attention with such force that the formidable waitress cannot compete. Feast my minions, for Canton 11 is the wellspring from which you flow. Regards.Came her for my birthday party to rent out a karaoke room for 20+ people and the staff was very accommodating and amazing! They closed out the bar for me and gave us our own bartender + one staff to accommodate the whole night. Very quick, clean and efficient!Found this place after a recommendation from a helpful lady on the street, restaurant is very clean and the staff are very friendly. The dim sum is delicious and very affordably priced. Don't let the fancy decor fool you - this is the best priced dim sum I've had. Highly recommend it! 
The fried pepper with shrimp filling was especially tasty and the chrysanthemum tea was perfect.A really wonderful experience. Lots of Karaoke rooms of different sizes, a banquet hall, and dining room. The food was aces, with lots of shellfish and seafood options. Service was fast and very attentive. 
Order the oolong tea cocktail, a new favorite!I found Canton 11 on open table and booked a reservation for myself and a few friends on a Friday evening.  Now that I've written that, I realize you probably don't need the backstory ahead of my restaurant experience.  Too late.
We arrived after the typical dinner crowd which is important to know as they were out of a few of our first choices for dim sum.  No worries, good food moves quickly.  We landed on a few other options and patiently waited for the food to arrive.
The service was friendly and the wait was really not that long.  The eats were, well, A-Ok.  The veggie dim sum had peanuts in it.  Really didn't see that one coming and didn't really enjoy it much.  The shrimp roll was good.  The shu mai solid.  One of my friends ended up ordering pepper steak and it was tasty but a bit light on the steak.
I love dim sum but hold it to high standards.  Overall its not that I wouldn't recommend Canton 11, its just that there is much better dim sum out there.  I do believe their other menu options might be a safer bet and may return to give them a go in those areas.The food is great and cost efficient. The insides are very well decorated and bright. The service is pretty good. There are a lot of dishes to choose from.Such a great place for friends hanging out!! Fresh seafood, especially the shrimps. Steam fish is a must! I've been to this place several times, never let me down. We ordered Peking duck, garlic coral shrimp, spicy steamed fish!Fantastic food, impeccable service, and much better than average decor make this a standout. The menu contains all the staples from southern China, and the ones I tried were true to their origins.
Since I was staying in a hotel and didn't want to take leftovers to the room, I only ordered a couple of dishes. Both were delicious. I got the beef chow fun and a side of gai lan sautéed with garlic. The chow fun was as good as any I've had in Guangzhou. The gai lan was a little too crisp for my taste, but spot on to what I've had in other restaurants (keep in mind I'm from the south, where we tend to cook our veggies to mush).
If you're in this area, I can recommend Canton 11 without hesitation.Nice price in Chinatown. All the food is pretty delicious. Many varieties of dishes that are different from most restaurants. The interior is also very appealing to the eye. They just had their soft opening, so hopefully the food and service is only getting better. This is a good place to try if you ever stop by Chinatown.Con : The service is sooo bad, me and my fd were ask for a siu mi but the women told us that they don't have it, then we ask for the steam buns, she also said no more, they keep saying no more without help us to order it from inside, the attitude is so bad too, we had talked to the boss about it but he ignore us....the foods are very soso ...Went here with a large party... got several large entrees to share. The lazy susan in the middle of the table makes it easy to taste everything. There's also karaoke in the basement. Viva la Chinatown.Best decoration in the Chinatown area.  The waitress are very nice. Food is great! Will definitely come again.Months ago, I was impressed by the imperial looking front doors of the place. A new Cantonese restaurant? Comparing to the old and tired places in Chinatown, color me intrigued. I happened to pass by at the soft opening and asked for a menu which the manager gave a printed booklet to me for free because of some misprint. I must say the planned dishes sounds amazing and exciting albeit it being moderately pricier than any other place I've been. It's not just New York price but it's more like 5 star restaurant in Hong Kong kinda price. Then, the old folks went and complained about everything. From you have to wait for your whole party to arrive to get seat at a table to the bland, cold and expensive food it is literally everything that goes against the dimsum culture. From the dismal initial reviews on Yelp, you can tell it's all going to hell from there. However bad it is, I told myself and my friends that we need to try it for ourselves, if for nothing else, we'll get to bitch about it amongst ourselves alter, and so we went.
First and foremost, for being a Cantonese dimsum restaurant, I don't get why nearly nobody speaks Cantonese here. The decor is beyond gaudy, For having such a traditionally grand Chinese front door, the interiors are trying. the plastic "crystal" pillars are everywhere on brand white walls tricked out with LED lightings, chandeliers in a group of fives are crowding the ceilings. flatscreens TV lined up the walls but they all turned off. I do appreciate the marble flooring but if you're spending that much money on the interior, you might want to add some taste somewhere.
Speaking of taste, the food is indeed incredibly bland. unlike the initial dim sum menu that were handed out before they open, their choices are rather limited. At least, nothing that we'd like to order. The better ones were sweet custard buns and their tofu skin rolls, their siu mai, chicken feet were ok, their lotus leaf rice, rice noodles wrapped shrimps and pork spare ribs are tasteless. Especially the spare ribs you can tell by the color that its almost unseasoned. It's like their kitchen ran out of soy sauce and nobody bothered to say anything, We ended up ordering a fried rice just to get full and that fried rice ended up to be the most interesting thing of the meal.
Also, there are a lot of complains about the food being cold when it's served. And after looking around, it's not that the food is cold but it's mostly their air conditioning vent that blows directly down to the dining tables. Any hot dishes that was served will get cold in under 2 minutes. (That's almost the literal definition of bad "Feng Shui") Also we ended up paying about $20 per person for dim sum which we can go to other places in Chinatown and pay half the price for better tasting food. We would have paid more if the food was good or even if the decor makes me feel grand, but horrible food and gaudy decor plus badly designed air vent equals losing customers.3.5 stars. There are some solid dishes here but some of the dishes were over-cooked hence the 3.5 stars instead of 4 stars. The steamed fish was tough and didn't have enough flavor due to the minimal sauce. We also got a vegetable dish that was soft because it was cooked a bit too long. What kept this restaurant at 3.5 stars is the service. We had to ask the waiter several times to refill the water and tea. This type of service was unexpected given the extravagant decor.This is one of the most authentic Asian restaurant in philly. At first I was taken aback by the prices but the atmosphere and delicious food really made me change my mind. This is the second time that I have ate here and I've noticed a drastic change in the taste of the dishes. Compare to my first visit , this visit was eye opening. The menu also changed from before as well and I have to say that whoever was in charge of making the menu is a genius. The dishes are more organized and tastier than ever. I am genuinely shocked at the change between my last visit. Will definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants their tastebuds to be satisfied!!Love this place! My boyfriend and I eat here all the time. The hostess and waitstaff are so friendly and the food is delicious. They already know our order! We typically order the crab wontons and General Tso's chicken. We've had other dishes and they were just as good. My favorite place to get Chinese food in Philly.So I truly tore this place up last weekend. I cannot speak to the food, but I think the upstairs is a full service restaurant? My squad and I hit up the basement karaoke bar downstairs which made for a very fun night out. (Especially after drinking a whole box of wine at the dim sum place across the street). They have private karaoke rooms that you can pay for, but why get a room if you can put a show on for a bunch of strangers??
It's free to sing, but if you tip the woman entering the songs she will move you up in line, which is v nice when it gets super crowded. I'll friggin pay for that. 
Drinks were cheap, lots of sitting, and standing, and dancing area. 
Things to note:
1. They do have Dancing Queen by ABBA so don't worry. 
2. There are a lot of outlets in case your phone is about to die - you can plug in. 
3. 2 microphones if you're feeling like a duet. 
4. Most people are receptive of you being their background dancer on stage while they sing.I have mixed feelings about this place. The first time I came and ordered off the full menu (not dim sum) and everything I had was fantastic (three different dishes - a chicken dish, fish, and then a tofu dish). The second time I ordered from the dim sum menu and I wasn't as impressed. I hope to come back and order again from the full menu to make sure my first experience wasn't a fluke.
Everyone talks about the decor. I think it's fun and it kind of looks nice, but if you look really closely you will see that the quality of the work is poor (paint outside the edges, tape still on some of the walls, caulking job is crappy, etc). Probably rushed to finish before opening.This place has 3 levels, both physically & in terms of atmosphere.   I guess most people walking in would just head into the main floor restaurant. Disclaimer: the only floor I didn't visit.  It is glitzy Asian soap opera chic decor with food.   Beyond that I can't really comment except they advertised dim sum (weekends?).
I was there for a work/culture-ish/networking event in a private karaoke room upstairs.    Flat screen TVs with karaoke, round tables with those huge glass lazy-Susans and food... it was fun but the company helped ;)
The basement level was the surprise of the night though.   It's this bar with a shared sing-a-long karaoke with a little stage up front for dancing and being silly or dramatic etc.  Fully stocked bar in the back by the entrance.   Booths and high tops for seating and people watching.   Dim club-like lighting was appreciated at the end of long day/night!   Best of all: no cover on a Friday night.Ordered through UberEats and they kept on changing delivery time until more than an hour. Called UberEats support and they tried to call the restaurant multiple times and no response. This restaurant make me suffer for not eating dinner. Never again order from this restaurant.This place has a pretty extravagant entranceway.  You would think it's bigger on the first floor than what it actually is. There's a karaoke bar downstairs and they have more banquet, karaoke upstairs. 
We ordered a few dishes for the night.  
- sesame chicken - comes with broccoli. Good flavors and cooked well
- pepper steak - came out sizzling hot on a cast iron plate.  It has bell peppers and onions that come along with it. I've had better, but this was good
- scallops and shrimp with Szechuan sauce - would thought this would've been spicy, but it was sweet. Portions were small here. 
- seafood pan fried noodles: lots of noddles and not a lot of seafood.  
Lots of good dishes, but the portions are small here. Would come back and check their dim sum