Started with the Queso Fondido - 4 out of 5
I had the Duck Breast - 5 out of 5
Wife had the Pork Pibil - 3+ out of 5
We finished with the coconut cate - 6 out of 5
Very nice place.  A little loud a little tightly packed.  Staff is very nice, though the dress is a bit too casual for the price.
All in all, very niceI came here on Cinco de Mayo and got some tasty food. By food alone they would get a higher rating but there were a few problems. 
When we got there we sat in the bar area waiting for a table. We asked what the specials were and the waitress mentioned the soup of the day and maybe 2 other dishes listed on their standard menu. (These weren't the only specials but I'll get back to that.) The bar area is small which is fine but we were close to the hostess station and servers were reaching behind/over me for menus and never bothered to say excuse me even though it was pretty disruptive. 
We got moved to a table, and the waitress grabbed our drinks for us and we carried the menus that we were given at the front. We couldn't decide what to order after a few visits from the waitress so I asked her what the dish at the table next to us was. She proceeded to grab a Cinco de Mayo menu from that table with tons of cheap specials that weren't listed on the other menu. I wish we had that menu to begin with since my wife had already decided on a 17 dollar entree and we didn't feel like sitting for another 10 minutes reviewing a new menu. I quickly ordered 2 small plates without a real good look. 
The food was all very good, but during our meal we asked the server for water since it was never offered to us beforehand. She brought over two warm glasses with no ice which was weird considering the table next to us had plenty of ice. I hate to complain, and I didn't, but I just like to get the same service as the next table. We had like 3 servers, so no one person is to blame. They just weren't very organized. I might be back, I just won't expect too much in terms of service.We've been here 3 or 4 times, and each time, the food has been delicious. The staff is competent, and friendly. The kids menu is even adventurous!My girlfriend recommended this place for one of our other friends birthday. It's a small restaurant but, the food was delicious! We each ordered a different dish so we were able to taste each others food. I had the pan seared sea bass with pineapple rice & not because it was my dish, but I felt like that was the best dish of the night. The fish was cooked to perfection and the sauce for the pineapple rice was nice and creamy. We had the calamari for an appetizer as well (very flavorful).
Also this place is BYOB so we brought 2 bottles of wine for dinner. Very nice and cozy place and great for couples; I would definitely give this spot a visit especially if you like a taste of Latin American food.We liked it but were not overwhelmed.  The crab cakes were so so although the corn mix on which they arrived was excellent.  The grilled octopus appetizer was very good as was the vegetarian fondido appetizer. No one commented on the other entrees, ceviche, duck and ahi tuna. Therefore, nothing special. Presentation is excellent but I want the taste to go with it.
Desserts were very good.  
When I got home and double checked the itemized bill, which I should have done before we paid but did not because it was split between two cards,  I found a $9.00 charge for a drink no one at the table had ordered or consumed.  I called and they agreed to give me a credit on my credit card.Okay so funny story and part of the reason I have to give Avenida 5 stars. We met some friends for brunch and it wasn't busy at all which was fine with us. We sat outside which is a small area but it was too nice to sit inside. I ordered the Chilaquiles and it was excellent! I changed my eggs from fried to scrambled. It was the perfect amount of food and just the right amount of spice! I also ordered one of their blended fruit drinks, I believe it was mango and pineapple...very tasty!
The funny part of the story is that I was 4 days away from my due date and when the hostess sat us she mentioned that when expecting Mother's eat with them, they have been known to go into labor. Well sure enough I went into labor that night! It could have just been a coincidence or not! If you're close to your due date this could be the place to eat!Terrific drinks! Had the guava margarita and the blood orange...and a sip of my friends jalapeño margarita. All were top notch! Had a few small plates and thought everything was very tasty. I think the prices are a bit high ($5 for one small taco), but the yummy food and drinks made it totally worthwhile. Service was slow and we never got the guac and chips we ordered, but our waitress was very sweet. Will definitely be going back and can't wait to sit outside when the weather gets nice!Avenida simple stone facade front leaves it blending perfectly with the classic architecture of the Germantown area. The interior gives it a festive Latin flare. 
I was happy to note upon arrival both vegan and vegetarian options. This is hard to find in some Latin restaurants or just restaurants in general. Additionally, though being a vegetarian I love a good salad. However, I find it pleasing when a chef challenges themselves to actually preparing a vegetarian or vegan dish! 
My mother ordered a sangria. It was light on fruit. However, it had a wonderful flavor. 
For appetizer my mother ordered the calamari, which was very different from the simple plate of fried calamari that is usually served. She found the calamari cooked perfectly and interesting with the onions and the spinach. She had the beer mussels, which left something to be  desired. I could clearly hear her first bite of sand. This is situation that should never happen. There is no reason why someone should have a  mussels dish with sand in every bite. This situation could be easily rectified by having the mussels washed properly.
I had the beet salad. Beets happen to be one of my favorite root vegetables. I was disappointed in the salad. It was a spinach salad with beets not a beet salad. There was probably less then half a beet in the entire salad. It was just a pile of spinach. Now, given the fact I am a vegetarian I consumed my greens happily. But, it was an underwhelming dish that left a lot to be desired. I have the vegetarian fontido, which was soy crumbles and black beans with peppers. This dish had a great spicy kick, but that was about it. The flavor profile was just pure spicy nothing else. But, with a warm tortilla to cool the palate the dish was decent.
Overall, this is a adorable location with a nice staff. But, the food was a little miss.One star is too much. If you want to come into an empty restaurant with service that takes too long, only to get charged double your bill, spend over 3 hours of your weekend trip trying to explain to them how easy it is to reverse the extra charge only to have the staff be completely nasty to you, then this is your place.Every neighborhood should have a restaurant like this. Good, interesting food (and drinks!) and very family friendly. Both the dinner and brunch menus are excellent and there's a nice outdoor area in the back when the weather is cooperative. Dinners are very balanced and incorporate nice side dishes. Lots of options for gluten-free folks.First time here for dinner and immediately felt like we had to try everything. We did our best with some drinks, starters, entrees and dessert. Everything was delicious with very fresh flavors as opposed to a "bogged down" feeling that many dishes leave you feeling with. Apparently they were short staffed tonight but you wouldn't know it. All three courses served well, without a wait, though the staff was very cordial and kept apologizing, including the chef! All was reasonably priced and we had a great evening. Would absolutely come again.Went for dinner there last night with another couple. Cute building, lovely decor, nice staff. 
Started off with a pitcher of the golden margarita. It comes in a glass carafe and basically is only enough for 4 glasses being that it's filled with tons of ice. It was not golden, this I suspect we may have been given the regular (I believe grand marnier is the golden component). It tasted like limeade...delicious, but lacking any alcohol. If my light weight friend complained that it doesn't taste like it has any alcohol, then there probably isn't any!!
For appetizers we ordered, beet salad, fried oysters, mole glazed spare ribs, and grilled octopus. The beet salad was delicious, just need to be a bit more generous with the beets...a few diced small cubes of beets sprinkled in a spot here and there doesn't constitute a beet salad. The fried oysters were good. The spare ribs were good and came with corn fritters. Although this app as a whole was good, the meat in itself lacked flavor...thank goodness for the sauce. Sadly, our waitress informed us that they were out of octopus :( Strange, being that we had 7:30 reservations and it wasn't a packed house. 
Entrees: I ordered the flat iron steak cooked medium. Someone ordered the pork dish, and there were two orders of the chicken dish. My steak was cooked well done and I had to use a butter knife to cut it. I workout so I can muscle through almost anything, LOL. I don't return things. My oven roasted potatoes were good and broccoli heads were fine. Oh yeah, the chimichurri sauce on the side was good for dipping my meat into.   The pork dish apparently was tasty and practically the only thing that was authentically Latin. The chicken dishes...one was too dry. 
All in all, I would not go back. It really wasn't very ethnic whatsoever. Make delicious authentic dishes. It didn't feel like we ate anything Latin American. I am an adventurous eater and love all kinds of foods. This wasn't what I expected or hoped to experience.First time here. The food was great loved the flan. Nice atmosphere. The staff is extremely nice. Will be back.After a second visit to Avenida, I'm ready to review.  This place is great.  The food tastes so very fresh and so authentic.  I've enjoyed each and every thing I've ordered from the drinks to appetizers to entrees and desserts. 
I'm going to make some recommendations to potential patron's of Avenida.  To drink, the pitcher of margarita is a great choice.  You get small glasses, but in a party of four, everyone should be able to refill their glass once.  The flavor of the margarita is sensational.  We were recommended the guava margaritas and it was incredible.  Such a great taste to it.  
For appetizers you have to order the guacamole with two salsas.  The guac is outstanding, the pico de gallo is very good and the salsa of the day is sure to impress.  The one issue with this that I must warn you about it that because the guac and salsas are so good, you'll try and conserve them and run out of chips.  To get more chips you'll have to pay another $2 which isn't great, but it's really worth it, let me tell you.  We've also had the ribs that are on the appetizer menu and they were also very good.
For dinner, I had something that I haven't been able to stop thinking about for the past three nights.  The Pork Pibil is like no pulled pork you've ever had.  Its tossed in a green mole (I green sauces push people away, but just trust me) that packs so much flavor and a good amount of heat.  This comes with rice and this zucchini and cheese cake thing that is delicious.  They give you four tortillas and I suggest stuffing them to the brim with rice and pork.  A ton of flavor.  I can also say the enchiladas are terrific as well, but you do not get any sides with that so maybe get a salad or soup, like their ceviches or gazpachos.
I did have dessert on my first visit, but that was quite some time ago so I can't really say how it was, but I got the pineapple upside down cake and must have enjoyed it or I would have remembered disliking it.
Avenida's prices aren't bad.  They do have a back deck which is open for the summer, but if you come on a busy night and don't have reservations you most likely will miss out on that part of the experience.  
After that meal I'm dying to go back.  Can't wait to try something new and exciting here again soon!Avenida was fine.  Good margaritas, fine entrees, and very tasty deserts.  My only gripe was that it was supposed to have "bold Latin-American flavors",... and it did not.  It was more "American comfort food" to me.  I had the duck, which was lovely, but not bold nor reminiscent of Latin American flavors.   
That being said, it was good, and it's local, so I'll try it again.  And for the record, the coconut cake was bangin'.Great food and decent service. I have been to this place at least a half a dozen times and have always left feeling I had a great meal at a great price. It's rarely crowded if you go before 7:00 pm but the only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that their reservation process leaves a lot to be desired. Even upon arrival the hostess seems to act like she may not be able to seat you because you don't have reservation. I'm usually there around 5:30 to 6:00 pm and every seat is available. Seriously? You have attitude over an empty dining room. This has happened on more than one occasion and it is rare that there is more than a couple of tables occupied by the time we leave.
Drinks are great with decent strength. Just two words....Open Table.Overall a very positive experience. Good location, easy parking and good atmosphere. We really enjoyed our appetizers (spare ribs, grilled octopus, calamari) and I liked my entree (sea bass) but not as much as the appetizers. My wife's entree (tamale) was good, but she did not like it that much.  The dessert (sweet potato upside down cake) was phenomenal. Overall, I was pleased, and I would return.My girlfriend and I went here last Friday and it was amazing.  We walked in casually dressed (rip jeans, hoodie) when everyone was wearing business casual but no one seemed to mind.  The host and waitress were extremely friendly and accommodating.  The food (I had crab cakes) was delicious (careful though they can run out!!).  The atmosphere was beautiful on the inside and very cozy with the way they had the lights set up.
The waitress recommended good wine and the chef even came out and did tequila shots with us that were on the house.  Overall it was an amazing experience.  I suggest anyone should go there.Recently renovated. Beautiful decor, and an outdoor patio. Very pleasant hostess and waitstaff. Portions are small, however (reflecting Tapas heritage)
The only issue with our visit was that if only one party has the prixe fixe brunch (appetizer, entree, side) - The other gets their entree far too early. I'd suggest  something to snack on  (inexpensive to produce) / light tapas might solve the problem so that one person isn't sitting in front of an empty table while the other person chows down.
.
Also, the mixed drink prices were a little on the high side.Love the new Cantina Avenida!  Have been there twice since they re-did their menu, and both groups I went with were impressed with the new menu. So many good small plate choices at affordable prices.  Another plus is reasonably priced drinks ($5 beers, pitchers of margaritas, and generously poured glasses of wine). 
Went there last night (Saturday) and patio was full; glad we reserved a table out there. Ordered a pitcher of margaritas, which were delicious, and shared some excellent fish tacos, black beans which had a great smoky taste, fresh and tasty chopped salad (which included blueberries, queso fresco and greens) and really good chicken empanadas. For dessert, the flan trio was excellent. Service was attentive, courteous and prompt.
On my earlier visit, found that main room definitely gets noisy; not much to absorb the sound of happy diners. Would opt for outside in warm weather. Definitely a great meet-up place for sharing yummy food and fun drinks.I have been to Avenida three times now, and each time have left having had a fantastic dining experience.  The menu is varied and has just enough options to fit everyone's food preferences.  We were 8 last night and each of us loved what we had.  The freshly made Sangria was amazing.  The presentations totally appealing, great portion sizes and the flavors were rich and different.  5-stars to the waitstaff who were competent and always there when you needed something and genuinely nice.  
It is a great family-friendly restaurant, we had an infant and two teens, and everyone had a great time.  It was well worth the drive out of center city and the Expressway traffic.  
I can not think of a single disappointment among the eight of us.The food was excellent!! Great service and a good beer, mixed drink and wine selection. I would recomend this place to everyone.I don't even want to give this place one star. We came for brunch to an empty restaurant. Somehow though it took over an hour and a half for our meal. The waitress kept forgetting our order and was not that friendly. Then we were charged twice for our meal. When we explained this to them, the owner was unapologetic and told us we would have to come back two hours later when they closed. All we wanted was a simple refund. The male owner was dismissive and chauvinistic, ignoring me while talking to my male friend. It was one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a restaurant. And the food wasn't even that good.We were looking for a local place to eat lunch after Church and we picked Avenida since it looked interesting. We were quickly seated and offered drinks when we arrived. I ordered the Cava Cocktail with guava (very good). Our server wasn't confident about the menu and confessed that he never worked Brunch and is unfamiliar with the menu items. When I shared that I was looking for Gluten-Free options, he returned from the kitchen and pointed out what was GF on the brunch menu.
I ordered the breakfast burrito with hopes I'd be served a Burrito with eggs, chorizo and Queso. What I got instead were a few corn tortillas on the side and some type of scramble with no cheese and pieces of chopped tortilla and Chorizo. I basically had tortilla pieces in a tortilla. Very odd. Since I got NO queso or chips, I asked the waiter for salsa or Pico de Gallo, he brought a tiny bowl with the Pico which I later found out they charged us $3!!!!!! 1/3 of my plate was missing and I was essentially charged for some tomatoes.  
When we were done with our meal and asked for our check, the server seemed extremely overwhelmed. We waited about 15 minutes for our check although there were only about 2-3 occupied tables. 
Overall:
Slow and mediocre service
Small portions for the price 
Food with great potential but nothing you can't get anywhere elseWe have dined at this restauarant monthly for the past year or so. We were initially unimpressed, but became very pleased with the qualiy of food and service. The food was fresh, the menu was creative, the seasonings were complementary, and the service was very friendly and attentive. 
Tonight Avenida failed on all counts, except when we were sitting at the bar waiting for our table.The bartender is a consummate professional. Our waitress was AWOL for most of the night .We had to flag down a hostess to have our waitress come over to get some drinks and water. The next time we saw our waitress was when she came by when we were 3/4 of the way through dinner to ask how things were. 
The clam appetizer was way too salty - almost inedible The beet salad had no seasoning. The  fish special was bony and so so; the garlic mashed potatoes were a pasty mess; the Mexican slaw was bland. The pollo a la parilla was dry - I have had this 5 times before and it ALWAYS moist and tasty. Not tonight. The Yucca "fries"  were big logs of undercooked, dry, inedible starch. Very disappointing. 
We left the waitress a 15%  tip to note our displeasure - I wanted to leave 10% but my wife talked me into 15%. The waitress was so oblivious to the situation she thanked us on the way out. 
I fear the ownership at Avenda is mailing it in. I live in this neighborhood and want some good restaurants here. I am hopeful this is not an experience that will be repeated.Went out for a friend's birthday and enjoyed the atmosphere and people here! Its BYOB but they do have their own bar. I've never been down germantown pike, so this one was a good find! 
Now down to the food. I think I enjoyed everyone else's food than mine. I had the El Biche and it was too bland for me. If you like tomato soup, than this is it for you, just add a bunch of seafood in it! I ended up enjoying most of my girlfriends entrees! 
My favorite dish was the pan seared sea bass with rice. It has a creamy yellow sauce that tasted like corn chowder. The hot sauce they gave us was at my spice level! The calamari salad is great. The steak and crabcake was also good! 
I recommend this place for a night out with friends or maybe an intimate date.This is a great place that has consistently yummy food, great drinks (the golden and fruit margaritas are fabulous, and they have good selection of wines and beers) and very attentive service. We've been there about five times, and I give thumbs up to the duck, chicken, fish and veggie entrees, the appetizers and desserts (love that goat cheese cake!)  We ate there most recently on NY Eve, and didn't realize beforehand that they'd have a Mariachi band (four brothers);  made it a memorable and festive evening. Also a fun place to gather with women friends to celebrate birthdays --  drinks and shared appetizers in a fun setting at a reasonable price.I love when places don't look at all like what you would expect them to.  This little neighborhood gem is tucked in a historic colonial in Germantown.  Stepping in you're greeted by warm colors soaking the walls and the rich smell of complex spices.  I loved the local vibe (maybe it was the rockin' mojitos) and the depth of the menu.  We'll be back!Ok... Been there done that!  Avenida is not the best and not the worst. I see it as fine. The bartender was nice and attentive. He made a good drink and welcomed us to the restaurant. The house margarita was more then adequate. It was not a drink with too much syrup. And I really liked it. From there everything else is just ok. 
We sat at a table of 7. We ate chips, salsa and guac. That was pretty good.  The server suggested the wings which we got and they were fine.  We had the grilled octopus which was the highlight of the meal. That was actually great.
The meals were all adequate. One of my friends dishes came out in parts because the cooks were not done making parts of the meal... Very strange. Look. I'm not going blow by blow.... It's a Mexican type restaurant. There are better ones and worse ones. The server was nice but a bit overbearing. She meant well and was nice. I guess it's just not a refined restaurant. So if that us what you want, this is not your place. But it is not horrible either.  If someone said you are going back, I would not kick and scream, i just would not say yea!Duck was good coconut mango sorbet dessert was AWESOME! stopped by at the farmer's market at Germantown in Phlly, n then i came across with this restaurant n thought i should try it. Open earlier (just for me :p), welcomed by very friendly staffs, and as usual, at the new restaurant i've never been to, i would ask what they would recommend, n of coz as usual they would have to endure all my questions :) so the 2 she recommended me, were the duck and the scallops (was it coincidence that those 2 dishes were most expensive ones in the menu that she suggested them?). so i went for the duck! it was pretty good. crispy moist duck, sweet potato nice, it's sweet. n some veggies. then, there were a lot of variety of desserts...i usually go for chocolate, never get wrong with chocolate, but i was sold with some coconut cake, and mango sorbet when she said it was her favorite. damn, that was really REALLY good. the combination the mango sorbet and the cake was perfect! enjoy it every bite of it! i would give the dessert 5 stars, not sure as far as the main dish and the price. because i could get peking duck in chinese restaurant for almost the same price. so the duck dish came across a little pricey for me! but overall, good exprience, wouldnt mind going back there, n try diffent dish, and desserts :) free street parking around the corner/house street.Previously have had nice dinners at Avenida.  Brunch was poor at best.  One hour wait to get our food (eggs and a burrito), 20 minutes to get the drinks - maybe the kitchen staff is different on Sundays??  Will not go back for brunch.I am a bit torn on how many stars to give. While I can see the charm of this place, our first experience with this place fell flat from start to finish. 
We thought this would be a nice place to take the kids, so we went with two other families for a total of 13. We got a nice private room upstairs. 
I'll start with the positives...  The appetizers were full 4 stars.  The ribs with corn fritters were very good along with the ceviche and the calamari. We shared among the adults and were happy with the portion sizes.  The blackbean soup got rave reviews, but I didn't get to try. At this point things started to head south. We ordered two orders of chips with Guacamole.  The guacamole was one of the best I have had and the pico was fresh and also great. The problem is that there weren't enough chips. Why would you skimp here?  We asked for two more servings of chips (later we see they charged us $2 for each).  There were 14 chips In each order. We had to fight for who at the table would get a second chip (I am not exaggerating)
The kids tacos were disappointing and came with a bland side of white rice.  They did provide nice sides of guacamole and pico, but again we had no chips to eat up the extra. 
The flat iron steak was amazing, but side of steamed broccoli and potatoes was disappointing. The pulled pork dish had great flavor but again with plain white rice, and a strange zucchini cake. Each entree seemed to have some weak lazy element. 
Our waitress was stressed out and just didn't make the experience any better. 
A few chips to keep the kids happy would have gone a long way. They left hungry and our bill was over $440. Sorry, but can't recommend for families.Came here on a weekday and it was empty when I arrived. Around 7pm more people started arriving. Not enough to fill the room. 
We were greeted and seated immediately. To drink I had michelada (unfortunately, the waiter arrived with a can of Tecate which I hate both, canned beer and Tecate). To start they brought us some chips and salsa & guacamole. The salsa didn't taste fresh and the guacamole was good but you can't really go bad with guacamole since avocado taste good by itself. 
My fiance ordered the Vegetarian Fondido ($8) which is "soy chorizo, black beans, roasted poblanos with cheese on top".  I ordered the Guatemalan Tamale ($16) which was vegan and consisted of zucchini, roasted poblanos, olives, served with a side of tomatillo sauce. Where are the capers?! Too salty for my liking. I have had so many central american tamales and have made some myself and the ones at Avenida are by far the worst I've ever tried. Sorry, but I am not coming back here anymore. 
To our waiter, 
Learn how to pronounce the items on the menu correctly. Practice makes perfect and you won't look foolish. 
Quick Spanish Lesson: 
Sopa de Dia = Soup of the day
Pronounced: [so'-pah]  [day] [dee'-ah]
NOT  the way you pronounced it: [sue' pah] [day] [die' ah]I am new to the neighborhood and decided to check this spot out based solely on Yelp reviews AND on my birthday no less. I am so happy I did. 
We had the chips and guacamole. I wasn't that impressed with the guac but I can be a guac snob sometimes. I had the fish taco and carnitas taco. Both were great. My friend had the chicken taco and was equally pleased. What made my meal was the Prickly Pear margarita and the bday shot they brought me with a sparkler in it. They even sang to me! (Hey it's the little things) So cool. 
We sat out back on the porch. Such a lovely view and feel. They say normally it can fill up so if I were you definitely try outside first. I was very happy with the service and he feel of this place. I will most certainly be back.Just OK. Accommodates food allergies. Had a tostada tonight   The pork to tostada ratio was too much  the sauce was good - wish there was more. The tostada got very soggy though and fell apart. I might choose to try different corn tortillas maybe thicker ones - or make the meal on two. Pleasant service.Excellent Latin food and really good Sangria.  A must try for anyone in the neighborhood, especially when you think about it's local competition in style of cooking.
If the weather is nice ask about their patio outback for some nice seating to sip your sangria.This restaurant has the fortune of being in Mt. Airy. If they were located in Center City where there is more competition they probably wouldn't last a year. I used to enjoy going to this restaurant but have now found the food and service to be inconsistent  and mediocre at best. I still have a hard time with the reservation attitude when the place is empty. On several occasions I was denied a requested table due their alleged reservations, only to see the table remain empty throughout my entire dining experience. There are much better choices but not within walking distance.I got married at Avenida and it was AMAZING!  Kim and Edgar made the day extra special.  Kim made a double layer coconut tres leches cake (one of the highlights on the dessert menu) that was beautiful and delicious.  The guests loved the chicken pepian and the ancho duck breast entrees.  We also had a cocktail hour which featured the mole spare ribs, ceviche, and queso fundido & other appetizers, as well as some of their signature cocktails.  I would highly recommend Avenida for special events.  We also go there regularly for dinner.  I think it is the best restaurant in Mount Airy/Chestnut Hill.  Try it!I haven't been to Avenida for a while and visited last night with a fairly large group. As always, I was not disappointed; with a group of 20+ with individual checks, that is no small feat. Impeccable service, great food and everyone got the right drink, the right food and the right check!
 Love the Punto Final malbec so much I've started ordering it by the case. While the margaritas are a little weak, they are so much better than those that are stronger and made with the awful sours mix that 99% of restaurants seem to use. I'll trade fresh lime juice for more tequila any day. 
  Very accommodating with vegetarian choices - the tamale is the best I've had anywhere. Gazpacho with toasted pepitas was yummy; I'd like it a bit spicier but understand that most do not.The vegetarian plate of the day was very tasty but way too much food ! 
Thanks to Edgar, Kim and staff for making this an enjoyable evening.This will be a short review since we're already looking for another place to eat (that we know will be better than this). The ambiance is dark, yet colorful, and it looks like a nice place to take a date/spouse/parent for Latin food and wine.
However, said food (or at least the selections we made) were un-described and under-seasoned. For starters, the menu we were given in no way matches the menu from the website. Upon questioning the hostess/bartender, we were told that was all they have, aside from specials. That those choises were bland and uninteresting she left out.
I wasn't entreated by any entrees I saw, so I went with the Queso Fondido appetizer, with three cheeses melted over a small mound of black beans and chorizo. It was tasty, but only for the sausage, as there was no other seasoning applied.
My girlfriend ordered the Guatemalan Chicken Pepian, which turned out to be stewed thighs covered in mole sauce, served with a side of white rice. It wasn't tender at all, and the mole had no flavor whatsoever (and yes, I know that mole isn't very flavorful to begin with). We also shared the Avenidas Tostadas (pork), which were the best part of the meal, but I'm damning with very faint praise with that. And for the price they wanted, we could've had two tostadas that were seasoned with a spice or other natural flavoring.
This was the first and last time we'll try this place. The ambiance is nice, but neither of us are shallow enough to eat at a restaurant solely for the scenery/mood. Next time we want Latin food, we'll head back to El Mariachi further down Germantown Ave.Tres Leches cake w/ homemade whipped cream, coconut, strawberries, and mango sorbet was the best I've ever had!  Amazing.  The rest of dinner was really fresh and good - mixed greens salad, grilled octopus that was perfectly done (which is tough to do), and flat iron steak.  It wasn't super fancy preparation but it was nice enough, and clearly fresh.  The margaritas were spot on, and big, a great deal for only $5.  The service was a little pushy - we were asked to order too many times and a little too fast, and the courses came out quickly, but it didn't ruin the meal by any means.  I would definitely go back!Went to celebrate my daughter's 5th birthday.  had been there a few times but had been over a year since my last visit.  It started with great service from the hostess, who informed by my daughter it was her birthday, made her feel so special.  They really do a great job handling children.  However, starting out with a margarita should have tipped us off to the rest of the night.  The margarita tasted like lemonade and you could not taste any alcohol in the drink.  The mojito was ok but not what i remembered from my last visit.  As for the food, wife had a ceviche which was not bad.  The mole glazed spare ribs were cooked well, but there was no flavor to the mole and they put so much on that it was hard to find the ribs.  I was looking forward to the corn fritters but they were raw on the inside.  The avenida tostada was probably the highlight of the meal as it was probably above average for where we were but will fail if compared to going into south philadelphia to any of the restaurants there.  To top it off, got a Flat Iron Steak for the 5 and 2 yr old (as i said they have a great amount of items for kids to choose) and asked for the kids steak to be medium well.  Steak came out medium rare.  Not sure how great it is to have young children be eating medium rare steak.  I guess i should have stuck to my usual, the steak and the el biche.  oh by the way, did i mention the smell of something that usually is not legal except in other states or for medicinal purposes that was coming out of the kitchen most of the night.  Maybe they were hoping people would get munchies and be satisfied with the food.  Very depressing meal, especially since i really used to enjoy the place and want it to be successful. 
 Owners are very nice but not sure how much they are there anymore.  i doubt they were working that night due to the huge misses on the meal.I was here for dinner and for brunch.  I have to say both were excellent!  I love what they have done with the old Cresheim Cottage in decor & colors.  Terra cottas, mustards & wall hangings to compliment but not overdone.  Service was excellent.  I had for dinner the Chilean sea bass.  Perfection!  Just enough seasoning to compliment the sweetness of the bass.  We has grilled octopus and ceviche for apps.  Very good.  Brunch I had a frittata with asparagus, peppers, onions, cheese.  Great.  They meake a mean spicy bloody mary!  The selection of the wine is mostly South American.  Fine with me, I had an Argentinian Pinot Noir that was excellent.  This restaurant is so close to my appartment & I have just discovered it.  Boy was I missing out.Kristopher was an absolutely amazing waiter. His drink and food recommendations were superb. This is a place ppl should def try out.Went here for the first time for lunch on a weekday. The service was absolutely terrible, and my friend and I were two of just four people there. We waited forever for everything, from drinks to food to the check. Our lunch morphed into a 1.5 hour event. No complaints about the food, but the service would make me think twice about going back.Came here for dinner on Friday night. We didn't have reservations but was seated immediately which was nice. This is a great place for vegetarians and vegans as they label it well on their menu as well as if you are gluten free. We ordered soup an appetizer and two entrees and we were stuffed.  Portions aren't too big but it leaves you satisfied and deliciousness in your tummy.  I wish we saved room for desert because they had a couple vegan desert options when they gave us the menu to look at. Vegan chocolate chip cookies and vegan apple cobbler if I remembered correctly. Sounded really yummy. I think the food is a lil on the pricey side a bowl of soup was almost 10 dollars.  If I came back again I would byob as it is cheaper than spending 8 dollars on our Sangrias that night. Parking was free on the street too!Avenida fills a void in NW Philadelphia of decent Latin American cuisine. The food is very good, but they have recently switched to a tapas style so you are paying more for much less! I don't think I can justify the cost again for what we got, didn't leave quite full but paid $100 for two people without any alcohol. They charge for a refill of fountain sodas and for a refill of tortilla chips (which already cost $5 for about ten chips). 
I recommend Avenida for special occasions where you want to try some interesting dishes and don't mind paying a lot. I really hope they succeed in the neighborhood but I'm not sure this conversion to tapas style is the way to go. We'll see!Went here for dinner last night, it was excellent!  Had a mojito and the seafood tostado, my date had the el biche.  The seafood was fresh and they flavor were bright and refreshing, with a little kick!  It was also extremely healthy!  I will be going back!Yummy kid friendly food, delicious and fresh. Only thing expect to be eating dinner for along time. Service was alittle slow.
But great find and excellent Mojitos!Fifth time here and just as good as the first.  Queso fundido and calimari apps were hot and great.  Scallop dinner still the best.  Sangria excellent.  Waitress was sweet and competent.  All good.Loved Avenida!!! Finally went here for the first time the other night and could not have had a better experience. First off, props to my waitress Leah who realized pretty quickly that it was our first time there and made sure we got the low down on the entire menu. 
Guacamole, pico de gallo, and yellow bellpepper salsa...AMAZING. I think I talked about the bellpepper salsa all night. The pollo a la parilla was also friggin yummy. The chicken was so moist and the spices were just right. The yucca fries were also really good and dipped in the red pepper garlic aioli made them devine!
The Brazilian Mojito and white sangria were both fresh and tasty and the outdoor seating was perfect on a warm spring night!!
Can't wait to go back to Avenida!!We had been meaning to try this place out for some time, and we ended up loving it. This is a wonderful restaurant which, for us, rates somewhere between 4 and 5 stars. The menu had a good variety and the food had multiple layers of flavor. The four of us enjoyed this place very much.Hate to give a bad review to a local establishment, but Catina Avenida was awful. The Pisco Sours were not authentic and were watered down even before they put ice cubes in it (What??). The food was mostly mediocre, but the empanadas were inedible. I think they need to rethink their menu.My son and I ate here tonight. It was our first time. The place was empty so I expected to get a little more attention from the server. This was not the case. 
She spent most of her time standing at the bar talking than checking on us. The bartender even saw me trying to motion for someone and she walked away. She never checked on our meal, we never got a refill on drinks, and had to ask another server for our check and a box to take our food home. 
The busboy was the most polite and attentive person in the place. I wish I would have given him the tip rather than her. 
The food was mediocre. The tacos they pushed today were sub par. And there wasn't anything special about the refried black beans, Goya yellow rice and coleslaw. 
Not sure I'll be back for anything more than margaritas. And that's still a maybe.Very good eclectic latín American food (good mix of Mexican, brazillian, Guatemala, etc) - not super cheap, but very high quality.Great service. Pretty nice atmosphere sitting on the patio outside. And the food was really fresh and light and tasty. I wasn't as blown away as my wife was but it was still very good and unique. The margaritas were great.the hostess was terribly slow! she was unfriendly and unenthusiastic which isnt the best experience as soon as you enter a new restaurant. 
fortunately the waitress was a lot better, she was attentive and accomodating. 
the food was tasty. i enjoyed my salad and enchiladas. my son had the nachos which were suprisingly delicious to be just plain nachos! my sangria was delicious and i was stuffed.
the atmosphere was lively and fun. i look forward to sitting outside when it gets warmer.We went to Avenida once before they rebranded. I didn't love the food then, but I'm so glad we gave it another try now that it's Cantina Avenida. The new menu is fabulous. Everything we ordered was delicious, especially the shrimp from the "Not Fried" section of the menu. The margarita was one of my favorite I've ever had. 
The service was also great. Our waitress remembered us even though we had only been there once, at least 3-4 months prior. We will definitely be returning!Ugh this place. I've been highly anticipating coming here after their relaunch. I'd heard such mixed reviews from others about the place before I really wanted to believe the best and give it a shot. So tonight a girlfriend and I ended up here for a quick drink and a snack. The menu looks appealing but we were not ordering meals. The margaritas were delicious but the crab nachos were shockingly small--I mean, they were served in a small white soup bowl and that presentation was totally uninspiring. What made it all the more annoying was the price tag--$10 for a small handful of chips and a sprinkling of crab. It all tasted fine so there is potential here. But seriously, how can a chef/owner serve that?? The server said he's heard this before and if that's true and he has relayed this message upward why have they not fixed this simple issue? I mean throwing another handful of chips into a basket is not going to cut into your margins esp when you are charging 10$ a plate! The whole experience  left such a bad impression I do not want to go back and give their menu another try. Such a shame too because I really wanted to have a Latin food jaunt to go to in the neighborhood.Not really BYO, except on Tues, but corkage is $10.00 a bottle, as I found out last night. $10 is reasonable and they are very nice people that run the place.
The food overall was very good, except for one entree.
Calamari with frsh greens and Jalepeno was spicy without too much pepper taste.
The calamari was freid in cornmeal, but not greasy or soggy that you get in some places. The fried oysters with spicy aoili sauce were also done perfectly. NIce to order fried dishes without getting the grease.
Ancho rubbed duck breast was done exactly the way it was ordered and was tender.
I didn't get a lot of the ancho rub taste, but it was still tasty. It came with cooked spinach, that was fresh, and sweet potato's. I really don't care for sweet potato's, but I did try some and it was good. They used syrup in the with puree which made them rather tasty. The other entree was not up to par with the rest of the dishes. It was Talapia on greens atop a crunchy tostado shell. While theTalapia was fresh and crunchy, the dish was very bland. Almost no taste to it at all.
Dessert was very good. A tres leches cake with a scoop of mango sorbet on the side. Cake was super moist and the sorbet was rich. Very good list of desserts that I'll have to try next time.
Service was prompt and friendly, very pleasant server. Prices are very moderate for what you get.  Dinner was only $62 including tax. 
Parking is on the street, where ever you can find it. They take everything but AmEx.We made reservations for a Saturday night to celebrate my birthday. We sat outside on the patio and it was lovely. After waiting 20 minutes for our waitress to do anything but ask us to wait 3 times, we finally ordered cocktails. Great 10 cane mojito. My boyfriend's polomo was Squirt- like, but got a little better with the ice melt. We loved the grilled octopus salad! He had the pan seared sea bass, it was great. I got the pork pibil, and I could have made better pulled pork myself. My second cocktail, the caiprinha, made me feel a bit better about everything. For desert, I ordered peach upside down cake, and was served tres leches cake instead. Wasn't what I was expecting, but it was very good. My boyfriend had the flan, which was tiny yet delicious. All in all, I feel it's a bit pricy, and the service left a lot to be desired. We were informed that the menu had just changed, which seems to mean the prices went up.  There are better meals in the area at a better price. We may try it again for brunch, but probably not dinner.I've had two experiences here both great and both will keep me coming back. 1st experience was very brief, I arrived at about 10pm and sat at the bar. The bartender was extremely friendly and offered us a wide variety of drink options to suit our particular moods. I ordered the ceviche which was shrimp that night it was o.k my friend tasted it and said it was nasty. My friend ordered the calamari on a bed of spinach and loved it. On my 2nd trip I went alone with a good book. When I arrived there were no other customers there and was given a window table which made for a relaxing and peacful afternoon self-date. There was a $5 Margarita special going on that night, so I tried the passion fruit Margarita....delicious! And plenty strong, I'm not a heavy drinker so 1 was all I needed. I had the chips n guacamole as an app. The chips were perfect and warm and the guac was fresh, I could literally taste every ingredient. For my entree I had the Avenida tostadas made with chicken, and it was to die. It was flavorful, fresh, piping Hot, and huge. I could only eat one. For desert I have the kaluha brownies (which I took home and ate in bed later that night) the brownies were rich yet light and the perfect size, they gave one small scoop of ice cream drizzled with a little bit of caramel and choclate syrup topping, which, in my opinion, is all anyone really needs at the end of a meal.  My server was very attentive, knowledgeable abt the menu and fast, even when the restaurant started to get crowded towards the end of my meal. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because of the tasteless ceviche.  Overall I have recommended this place to friends and family and I will definitely go back!The staff was really nice, but the food took forever even though we were the only ones there. When the food did come, I was completely unimpressed by everything except the yucca fries. Maybe the chicken was just the wrong thing to order, because my boyfriend was very happy with his pulled pork.The wifey and I went here for our anniversary and had a Wonderful Dinner.  Food was fresh and interesting and the Mohitos packed with punch.  Terrific spot.Avenida is a fantastic little restaurant with great atmosphere.  I was a little misinformed regarding their prices, as this place isn't exactly "budget-friendly."  The prices weren't outrageous, though, and the food was terrific.  Everyone in my party ordered something different and we loved all of it, especially their AMAZING desserts.  Also, it's family-run, so the service is great, very personalized.  Finding parking can be a bit challenging, especially in the winter, and under no circumstances, should you park in the lot across the street - cars get ticketed and towed nightly!I've been here several times and have never been satisfied with the food.  Very pleasant environment that promises much.  The meats I've had have been overcooked and often fatty or gristly.  Spicing is hit or miss.  The chef seems ambitious, but just doesn't quite get the job done.  Don't plan on returning with so many really terrific Latin restaurants down in South Philly or the really-off-the-beaten-track Fifth St. corridor.Been to this sweet little spot twice.  Once for dinner, it was good and my Dad really liked it.  Then yesterday for brunch.  Very tasty.  A little bit of everything.  I had a smoked salmon salad with potato cakes, refried black beans and turkey bacon.  Very tasty, definitely enough food, so I'm not really sure why the waitress encouraged me to order sides.  Everyone I went with was impressed.  I will be back.Went to Avenida with my parents and gf and had a great time and a great meal. We ordered the grilled octopus and the ceviche of the day, which were both very delicious. We also ordered the mole short ribs, which were so-so. For the entre, i ordered the flat iron steak, which was a little over cooked, but none the less still tasty. My dad and gf both got the pan seared sea bass with the pineapple rice, and they both raved about how delicious it was.
Service was pretty good as well and prices were very reasonable. Definitely will be trying this place again soon.We tried to make a reservation here, but to no avail. We called but they didn't answer the phone. Then we sent an email to the owner Kim, listed on their website. We got no response. So then I called again several days later and got someone who was rude, abrupt and inconsiderate.
I explained how we had been trying to reach them to make a reservation, but the woman was not nice and tried to make it my fault that we could not reach them. I asked why they don't respond to our email since they post the email address on their website. She had a wise answer that was inappropriate...we will never go to this place. Not the way you treat potential customers.Started off with the delicious pumpkin soup topped with a beautiful green dollop of cilantro pesto. Moved on to the bronzino over an amazing warm bean salad. Friendly staff, neat decor. Only disappointment was a weak margarita.Just ate at their first brunch ever- and it was like they've been brunching for years.  Has white sangria, mexican bread pudding, huevos rancheros all were extremely flavorful and beautifully presented.  The space is cozy and inviting- the staff are friendly, enthusiastic, and attentive.  i can't wait to go back.  Hope you all will too- and keep some delicious latin food in the neighborhood.Finally!  We've been looking for a place like Avenida in Chestnut Hill for so long.  Great atmosphere, friendly service, and delicious food = many future visits.Avenida now has a new concept - Avenida Cantina, and my experience here was incredibly disappointing. I used to love the old restaurant and had a few really good meals there. However, this was among my worst dining experiences. I had a reservation for 7 PM on  a Friday. I was meeting an out of town friend whom I hadn't seen in a year. The evening got really low points for noise, service and food. It was incredibly loud. There is little to absorb noise and the room I was in, and it was FILLED with toddlers and babies, and the noise level was so intense throughout the meal that I could barely hear much of the dinner conversation across my own table.There was pretty loud music as well. I think outdoor diners would do better. If you go, try to book an outside table.
   The service was really poor too. The new concept is a tapas , or a small plates, restaurant.  We waited a pretty long time to place our order, and luckily the chips and guacamole were delicious. I ordered a drink which didn't arrive until our meal did, when I had asked for it right away.When we ordered the tapas we asked for all six plates to be brought at once. They didn't do this, instead bringing the meal in two stages. We were constantly being interrupted by a server who asked to remove each plate as we were done with it, which meant that we were constantly being interrupted throughout the meal. I ordered a second drink when the second set of tapas was delivered, but it didn't arrive until the end of the meal, some 15 -20 minutes later.
   There were a couple of bright spots in the food itself, but overall the food was  a real comedown from the old restaurant. My tacos were disappointing and lukewarm.The food was okay, but there are many latin restaurants doing it better at the same price. 
   The nose level was too high to enjoy my companions, people were milling around the restaurant, walking with babies, or standing and talking in small groups near the bar (the room I ate in is right off the bar). It was like eating in a bus station. The service was really poor, both intrusive, and with too long waits for drinks and food.And the food was only meh. I will not return, unless I hear that things improve - a lot.Love this place. Chefs owner operated.  
Food is beyond reproach.
Tecate mussels are excellent made with chorizo.  All dishes are fresh, authentic, and delicious, priced accordingly.  Drinks are great, fresh made in house, but a bit pricey.  
Best thing I ate here was a daily special dessert of a chocolate type pudding, to die for.
Great atmosphere inside with a nice outdoor patio.  Great addition to gtown ave.
Keep up the great work.After much anticipation for their opening(!), my fiancee and I went to Avenida this past week on a date night.  They still didn't have their liquor license yet, so we took a bottle of wine.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Things seemed to be running smoothly overall with very few new-opening hiccups.
Together we had the following:
El Bicho Bouillabaisse soup - Seafood inside was perfect, but the broth wasn't very flavorful.  Needed some more seasoning in our opinion.
Queso Fundido - Not what we expected which was a dip, but was quite good nonetheless.  It's actually a baked cheese & chorizo dish. The only downside was that it came with tortillas and our server didn't tell us.  Instead they were put underneath the hot plate of cheese so that we thought it was to protect the table.  Only discovered they were tortillas after all the cheese was gone.  :-(
Duck breast - Of our two entrees, the duck was the better of the two.  Well cooked and seasoned.  I wasn't a fan of the watercress that came with it.  Sweet potato side dish was ok, not spectacular.  Kind of Thanksgiving-y in my opinion.
Skirt steak - The steak was good.  The potatoes were better. 
Mango upside down cake - OUTRAGEOUSLY good!  
Overall, we give the place 3 stars because although it was good, it didn't wow us.  The place could use a dimmer switch in the main dining room.  Serving tortillas with the entrees we ordered seemed a little weird.  We kind of hoped there would be some more casual entrees on the menu.  We had very high hopes for it, and will definitely be going back to try other items on the menu in hopes that we can come back and rate it higher.  Others at the restaurant that night ordered the pork, which looked really good.  And there were several desserts on the menu that sounded spectacular.Genuinely kind staff. Very good food. Drinks. Our waitress, Kris was funny and excellent. Didn't try to hide her South Philly down to earthiness in any faux fancy restaurant way. She was knowledgeable and paid close attention to what we ordered and what we needed  We were late for our reservation and stayed past their closing time and they didn't rush us at all. Classy and unpretentious w great chef. Will most definitely return.If your server messes up an order (as in forgets to place the order) and that member of the party is made to wait 25 minutes while everyone else is served, despite two separate check-ins with the server who claimed first that it would just "take a bit longer" (after 5 minutes) and then that it was "being plated" (after 20 minutes), should you have to pay full-price for the order? Apparently, at Avenida, you do. Not returning.Way too expensive for the portions sizes...$8 for a small spoonful of guac and 22 chips? Come on...My family and I enjoyed a very relaxing dinner tonight on the beautiful patio.  The service was excellent. Our waitress was very friendly. We ordered a large variety of dishes all of which were very good but some were great. My 10year old son insisted on trying the octopus escaviche. It was light and delicious. The chicken empanadas and fish tacos were also above our expectations. I also enjoyed the shrimp and rice. And the best dish was carne con papas. The carne was Muy perfecto. For dessert we shared the chili brownie.  Todos son Muy delicioso!I had been to Avenida once before and thought it was excellent.  This last visit was not good.  We had a newly hired waiter who was very sweet and did his best but the service was incredibly slow.  The dish my friend requested was no longer available and she asked if she could have just the vegetables from another main dish - there were three or four listed.  She wound up being served a container of yucca fries and another of overcooked broccoli!   Hope they do better - very meh this time and I'm not sure there will be another.