I appreciate the restaurants that still offer a comment card. So here's my response to theirs:
Questions, Comments, Concerns:
I wish I had known about the once free parking lot across the street no longer being free. I got a $26 ticket, *&$#!)@($*^ PPA. Unrelated, I quite like your jukebox.
About You (they mean me):
Name: Well, Monica.
Birthday: December 27th
Favorite Food: Whatever's fresh and cooked for me. Unless it's beets.
Favorite Drink: Sidecar
Favorite Song When Drinking: Major Lazer "Hold the Line"
Favorite Song When Drunk: Only if I can scream it, Hole "Celebrity Skin"
Song that Makes Me Feel Cool While I'm Walking Down the Street: Folk Implosion "Natural One"
Song of My Hangover: "My Alcoholic Friends" Dresden Dolls
Who I Would Like to Meet: A dreamboat I can call my own.
Let me know when pitchers are going to be half-priced and other special events:
Yes.Came for dinner around 7:30 on a Saturday night and were seated fairly quickly inside. Outside seating would have been a 45 min wait. It's pretty dim, but the hanging lights are great. It was also very loud between the music and tables are pretty close together, which made it a little hard to have a conversation. It's definitely a laid back, fun atmosphere. All the serves and hostess were dressed in casual clothes. 
I'm not usually into margaritas so I can't say if it the strawberry margarita was fully up to par, but I liked it. 
We were given chips and two types of salsa to start. The salsas were alright.  The Costillitas-bbq pork ribs- were hands down my favorite part of the meal. Meat came right off the bone, super tender and really delicious with pineapple salsa and a little jalapeno for a sweet and spicy bite.  Enchiladas were good and Cabrito-slow cooked goat- was also very tender and tasted good with the pickled red onions, refried beans and rice.   Tres Leches Creme Brulee was okay, a little lacking in texture.  There is also a vegetarian option for dessert as well. 
Server was on top of everything throughout the night. I would come back for a casual meal or drinks at the bar and play tunes on the jukebox.Food is great and reasonably priced. I usually pay $8 for pork carnitas tacos which are quite filling. The margaritas are EXCELLENT especially the Blood Orange ones. I would recommend going for lunch or during non-peak hours since this restaurant gets really busy and the wait is usually out the door on weekends. Great Mexican food favorite!I love, and hate this place. It's a very toxic relationship.
Their drink list is fabulous! both the mango and blood orange margarita are made perfectly (get a whole pitcher) I think they're just as good as El vez. They also have tecate which is one of my favorite Mexican beers.
The food is always good when I go, spot on guacamole and excellent burritos! But, the servers are SO slow. Avoid Cantina if your very hungry because its quite a wait for your food, but worth it when it comes. Beware- It can get  VERY crowded here, very hipster-ish.Didn't have the food so can't rate it full five, but the guava margarita was superb. The patio was a little breezy haven for an afternoon drink. My friend also loved her nachos. Definitely would return for more margaritas. My Paloma fresca was just ok, though!First, nice things. Happy hour margaritas cannot be beat. Cheap, and they do the trick plus the service has never been anything but awesome. Now my issue is with the food. It stinks, it's too expensive, and it's made myself and countless of my friend sick. 
I guess if you like hanging out on a crowded sidewalk so people can see you while you eat, this place is for you. If you like good mexican food, just go across the street to El Zarape. That place is BANGIN.I moved out to the east coast some months ago and have noticed that the Mexican food is very much not the authentic Mexican food I have been blessed with in the Rocky Mountain region and west coast of the nation. I would say that if you are looking for the authentic Mexican dish, this is not your place and keep going a few blocks up the street on Passyunk to find your more authentic, less aesthetically pleasing set of restaurants. This place is fun and has a fun more American style Mexican food menu.The last time I ate here, I was with my best friend. We wanted to sit outside, but it was too crowded, so they sat us inside. We were the ONLY table inside, and we didn't receive a menu or water or chips for almost 25 minutes. When we finally got these things, we ordered drinks that also took about 20 minutes to arrive. We were pretty annoyed, and then, as we were eating our chips, waiting to order food (still), there was a large chunk of beef in our chips! As a vegetarian, this was a real bummer for me. I had to send the chips back and get new ones. We got our food, it was pretty okay, but the service was so bad, we barely left a tip. I hate doing that, considering I've worked in the industry before, and tips were how I made a living. But I worked really hard to earn it. This is not my first time receiving terrible service here.I never remember anything I order from here (although I never have a bad experience) but OMG the salsa verde. My man and I have been slowly tweaking our homemade formula to match this as closely as possible. Could seriously sit in here and just eat the chips and green salsa, it's soooo good. 
Nice neighborhood bar/restaurant. Frequently very crowded and noisy (so could be a plus or minus, depending on who you are). Solid.These folks won't get our business again. We are new to the neighborhood. Subletting for a month. Called to order take out. On hold for 5 minutes then they hang up on me. So I walked there to place the order.  Told the bartender he hung up on me. "Well, it has been sort of crazy around here". Then a couple minutes later a murmured apology. It took 20 minutes to get the food. OK. Then I looked at the bill. $41 for a burrito, fish tacos and guacamole and chips!  There is a excellent national chain chain where $41 would be 4 dinners. It wasn't $41 good.I love this place! The outdoor seating in the summer makes this the perfect place to enjoy some margaritas outside in the warm weather with friends. Their food is great and me and a friend have come to the conclusion that it's impossible to leave this place without that "food baby" feeling. They also serve a variety of different margaritas such as my favorite flavor, blood orange. They are normally crowded during the weekend but that's to be expected. I've never tried their sister location in Northern Liberties but Cantina is worth checking out!I went on a Thursday night during Passyunk restaurant week. My party of 3 arrived around 7 and was seated right away. Service was good. Complimentary chips and salsa were good. The restaurant week menu food was ok but everyone at the table said they thought their food would be different. The chicken "quesadilla" didn't have any cheese. The crema on the enchiladas was very sour. And all of our desserts were blanketed in powdered sugar, waaay too sweet. We ordered two pitchers of classic margaritas on the rocks. Each pitcher poured about 6 small glasses of margaritas. We all agreed the first pitcher was pretty good, but weak. We all agreed the second pitcher was way too sour, and also weak. I ended up having a sour stomach the rest of the night. The restaurant itself is pretty cool. It's a chill vibe in there, kind of dark and string lights strung across the ceiling. A little too loud for a date and no mirror in the bathroom.This place was great! 
I came here for brunch with a friend, and we had a great time. 
I had a blood orange frozen margarita, and it was delicious. There was such a wide range of options for drinks it took me a while to narrow it down to one. My friend had a pumpkin spiced margarita. I took a sip of hers, and it had cinnamon sugar around the rim. How special is that? So yummy too!
We both had a special item. The Southwestern brisket hash. 
As I'm writing this the next day I'm still stuffed! It was a huge portion, and everything about this dish was so right. The potatoes, the brisket, the black beans, the peppers and onion, and the two fried eggs on top... Um, words can not explain how delicious this was. I was in heaven! 
My friend also ordered a pumpkin cheesecake, and I had a bite of that. It was a little on the small side, but very rich. You will not be disappointed. It was sitting in a bath of either condensed sweetened milk or egg nog. We couldn't decide and didn't care because it we delicious! 
I had a very nice time here, and I can't wait to go back in warmer weather so I can sip frozen margaritas outside. Yes, there's epic outdoor seating. 
Some other highlights include clean bathrooms, multi-color lights on the ceilings, amazing artwork on the walls (check out the mermaid on the women's bathroom door ;)), free chips and salsas (green and red), and friendly staff. 
A perfect place to show off South Philly.Super duper yummy; cool interior with juke box and diverse crowd. Very nice service.I've been to Cantina probably half a dozen times.  I've walked out of Cantina blackout drunk only twice so that's a good thing, right?  Man, summer days sitting on their patio with pitchers of margaritas with chips and guacamole...does life get better?  Add in some hot chicks and I'm like a kid on Christmas morning.
Seriously, Cantina is one of my favorite spots in South Philly.  I've tried a number of menu items and each is quite good.  They generally have food specials so it can be fairly economical so long as you're not pounding pitchers of top shelf margaritas.
Service has always been great.  In fact a couple weeks ago I went up there with a buddy.  We sat at a high table close to the bar, had a few rounds and dinner.  Towards the end of dinner an intoxicated group (it was before 10pm...total amateur hour crapshow) comes into the bar area and kept bumping into us...yeah it's annoying but I''ve done plenty worse when drunk.  Waiter recognizes what's going on and tries to smooth it over by offering me and my buddy a shot on the house.  What a cool guy.  Wasn't his fault but hey it was a nice gesture and I'll always be a fan of Cantina.Saturday night eats with friends. Around 8pm there was no wait for the four of us to sit inside. Mostly full outside though. When the weather turns chilly, I imagine there will be a wait. Extremely loud inside - but if you don't mind noise, this is a great place.
Chips and salsa are great. Chips are a tad salty but that's how I like them. Served with two salsas - traditional and salsa verde. We shared a pitcher of regular margaritas, awesome. I also tried the kiwi margarita which was really strong but good.
The food is plentiful. Burritos are huge. Overall good selection including typical fare and salads. Nice amount of specials including ceviche.Awesome place, great atmosphere with the indoor/outdoor dining- didnt eat here but the food looked great as it walked by- amazing tequila selection with tequila flights available... had the Blood Orange frozen margarita and it was slammin!The vegan food options are pretty good, I really like the tofu taco. The margaritas are also out of this world. However, I give this place only three stars because of the atmosphere. It might as well be a night club. Want to have dinner on a weekend evening? Forget it! The place is packed with suburbanites acting all Jersey-shore and they even have a bouncer! Seriously, it's not worth the effort to even attempt to go in. I do really enjoy the vegan food they have, but when I go I try to go early on a weeknight to avoid being trampled by Snookie and The Situation.Cantina serves my favorite margaritas in the city. I normally don't even like margaritas, I'm just not a mixed drink kind of person, but these are really really great. Not too sweet. Not too expensive. It's hard for me to leave here NOT totally wasted. At the end of the night I will inevitably feel like I could go for one more drink, and someone else at my table will agree and then we'll say "We might as well get another pitcher then." And it's all downhill from there...
I love the location, I love the atmosphere, the servers are great.
I'm not that crazy about the food. The meat is just really dry. Eh, the nachos are aight, the corn on the cob's good. But really, I'm just there for the margaritas.I'm so disappointed on how this place went down hill!  My husband and I would go every Saturday night, it was our spot. It was fabulous and loved all the servers!! Now not so much!! The food was always delicious and again now not so much!  It's just slop anymore, they used to have really different flavors and moles now it's terrible.  I really don't know what else to say except that I will never return againLos Caballitos is a great place for outdoor dining. They are incredibly dog friendly.
But the food is really not very good. I'm really surprised by the number of people who say this is "the best" Mexican food. It's not. El Vez and Lolita are far better. There's absolutely no comparison to be made.
In general, the biggest issue is just a lack of flavor. Sometimes it's too salty, but usually, it's just bland.
I can't really speak for the drinks, because I don't drink.
This place is an anchor in the neighborhood, so I hate to give it a bad review. But the food is really mediocre.Great place.  The food is always good, the Guacamole is great, margaritas are strong.  Did i mention the Margaritas????
hahaha.  A big favorite of mine when ever I can get down to PassyunkCame back after a year or so and had a really great experience. They've added shade for their outdoor seating area, as well as paved the ground, which is a huge improvement. The mojitos, as usual were on point. Ordered a mixta salad with steak which was AMAZING. My counterpart ordered fajitas which were awesome (although a bit on the pricy side). Our server was awesome (wish I got her name) - she even bought us a round of drinks. Definitely changed my thoughts about this place from meh to great!Would recommend this spot to anyone. The food was incredable and affordable. Treatment was awesome from our amazing server who said she had just started working there and out of World drinks. Kudos to a great spot and definitely will go back.The Cantina is one of the more popular places in Passyunk Square. It has a hipster atmosphere to it and has a nice outside seating area for days with nice weather. On the inside is a little darker, nice for dinner but not for late night drinking as the atmosphere makes you more tired. They have many different flavored margaritas. All the ones I have tried have been very good; strawberry, pineapple and mango. I have also had the Bloody Marys here which are a little pricey but decent Bloody Marys. 
The chips and salsa here are delicious here. They give you 2 different types of salsa - a classic tomato one and a verde. The burritos are some of the best I have had in Philly. They are huge and will stuff you. My personal favorite is the steak and the run about $9 - $12. The tacos are decent too but the best value are the burritos. I also think this Cantina is better than the one in Northern Liberties.i've been at cantina honestly more times than i can count over the years. the margaritas were always sub-par, the food was never outrageous and the service has always been awful. recently i went with a group of friends for brunch on a sunday and we had WORST service i've ever had, i believe her name was evelyn. we had ordered drinks, and my friend didn't have her ID on her, which is fine, i get it- but the waitress made some snarky ass rude comment to her that was super uncalled for. if you have the time- take the extra trip and go to cantina dos segundos, the food is better, and the service is great.Cheap Good Mexican Food and Margaritas! 
Definitely try the Blood Orange Margaritas, Sea Bass Tacos, and Tilapia Empanadas!Went here for brunch on Sunday.  It's very similar to it's sister site, Dos Segundos in NoLibs.
We sat outside in the shade and were promptly served with waters.  The chips and salsa (two kinds) were delightful as we waited for our meals.
We shared the fried plantains with cheese and cream and they were absolutely delicious!  They came out so fast we wondered if they had given us someone else's order.  
We snacked on more chips.  He got the regular burrito with chorizo and subbed more rice for the black beans.  I got the breakfast burrito with the veg chorizo.  They were huge and filling.  Veg meat always freaks me out because, hey, what if they accidentally use the real thing?  Then again, what would really happen?  There wasn't much veg chorizo but what was there was spicy and good.  The breakfast potatoes on the side were just too oily to take me away from the monster of a burrito on my plate.
The only part that peeved me was the $3 upcharge for replacing the beans with rice.  1) We weren't told that it would cost us and 2) really?!
Total damage was something like $33+tip.  Delightful breakfast on a lovely day.The best Mexican food in the city hands down, the drinks are good an at a reasonable price so if you are in the area please stop in an check them out..Service was extremely slow and drinks were overpriced (about $11 for a shot of tequila). Not sure if it's because we ordered a lot of drinks but the server rarely came back for us to order more drinks and the bartender at the bar said she wasn't able to take our drink orders either. We were there for a couple hours during which a lot of waiting was involved.
We ordered the chicken nachos which came with two different salsas. They were a good size and tasted okay.Amazing place. Kitchen is open late (until 1am). We were recommended this restaurant by a friend. Heard phenomenal reviews from friends about the burritos and tacos. I went with the tortilla salad and it was delicious. Thank you to the Yelp recommender. 
The waiter was great. I ordered the La Apasionada and didn't realize it was made with habenero. Needless to say, it wasn't a pleasant experience. The waiter understood and offered to switch out my drink-definitely a first for me.  
All in all, I definitely plan on coming back. Btw: the music is solid. It's enough not to distract u from conversations your date.Really, really love the selection of food and drink here. Coupled with the friendly staff (Anthony was super nice during the pub crawl), the overall experience was great. The two salas (verde and rojo) are spot on with original flavor and have enough kick to keep dipping for more. We ordered the burritos (mine chorizo) and was insane. The size and the amount of ingredients in each burrito was ample enough for a small village. Overall great experience, I just wish their happy hour was pushed one hour up!I am a brunch fan of this place! Specials are always different and sound awesome. (Mexican Hot Dog, Gazpacho)  I did order the Huevos Rancheros. Amazing! The enchilada sauce on the eggs was delicious. I love that they offer vegetarian beans in place of the refried beans. There's so many other veggie and vegan friendly items on the menu too.
A guava mojito and blood orange mojito just put it over the top!Authentic? Nope.  Delicious? Not even close. Rude staff? For sure. Terrible clientele? OMFG yes! 
This is the kind of place you go to be cool, not the kind of place you go to have a good meal. Food is mediocre and over priced. Service is slow and disorganized, not to mention rude as all hell. While I recognize that everyone's tastes are different, if someone tells you this place is great (or even good) they are kidding themselves.
To be fair, drinks are pretty good. Brunch is decent too. All in all, this place is a blight on the neighborhood. The owners have a few other places that are worlds better. Cantina has passed its prime, get some new staff, and truly revisit the food.So being from California I am a stickler for some good Mexican food.  I grew up eating authentic Mexican dishes, at home, at least 3 nights a week.  That being said I usually don't love the big Mexican restaurants that mass produce my favorite food, but I do enjoy this place.  The Cantina is a place I like to frequent.  I really enjoy their burritos, they are huge...just like they should be.  The service is always good, no complaints.  I tend to go there when I just can't handle being at the pope.  The decor inside is super cute and if you want a Margarita, try the strawberry its on point!This is where you go for amazing Margaritas, great food and laid back atmosphere. The best part of all is the Tres Leches cake! Literally melt in your mouth, sweet and fantastic. We ended up ordering 3 because the first 2 went so fast. I also liked the creme brulee and for chocolate lovers definitely try the brownie cake!
O, they also have food. Awesome Mexican food. Everything is savory, cheesey, and delicious. The guac is also fantastic, with the perfectly accompanied salty tortilla chips.
In summary, come here with friends for Margaritas (1+ pitchers), chips & guac, some sort of entree, and top it off with Tres Leches cake.
Enjoy!Stopped by this popular place based on the constant traffic alone, place always seems busy. It was on Saturday night around 7 so no complaints on the brief wait for seating or slightly congested service. The chips and salsa and plenty of water before our meals came was a pleasant touch. She ordered the fish taco's and I went with the chicken quesadilla, both were well cooked and seasoned. I will definitely be back.Holy Moses this place was good...  We came here with friends we were staying with, who live in Philly and come here often, and it didn't disappoint.  There was some sort of street fair that Saturday, and because the streets were closed, we were allowed to bring a pitcher of Guava margaritas outside with us and enjoy it on the street (more specifically, sitting on the wall across the street).  It was very very good, and while we were waiting, we had a great time people watching and enjoying the last of the sunshine.
We were eventually seated and enjoyed the chips and salsa, an order of nachos (amazing), and another pitcher of margarita - this time, Blood Orange.  OMG - so good.  I ordered the Carnitas Tacos, which were filling and lasted me through the next day, and my boyfriend ordered the Goat Burrito.  I tried this item, and while it was good, I'm not sure I would have been able to eat the whole thing, had it been mine.  Goat is very gamey and rich in flavor, and my boyfriend ended up taking more than half of this giant burrito home with him, and finishing it a couple of days later.
The third margarita we tried (pitcher, again) was the Prickly Pear, which was also very good, but by that point, we were three sheets to the wind, and may not have been able to taste it effectively.  My table also ordered the Rebs vs. Frogs Tequila flight, and while I didn't have any of this, the boys seemed to enjoy it.
I would absolutely go back to the Cantina, and maybe not get an appetizer next time.They never disappoint. All of it travels well, even if you're 10 blocks away. I order from here at my friends house and my own when we meet weekly. The food always arrives nice and hot and none of the deep fried stuff is sought or too oily.
The fan is the best flan I've ever had. Sometimes we stop by just to pickup flan! I've never had any complaints about this place and recommend it to everyone I know. 
This is one of very few restaurants my vegetarian and vegan friends will order from.I visited the restaurant yesterday for a late lunch after an acupuncture appointment. The patio had several tables filled with the beautiful weather...probably 9 or 10 filled. However, as a former server with 16+ years of experience, I have to say I was EXTREMELY disappointed. From what I could tell, there were 3 servers & 1 busboy?? The 3 girls serving looked like they were hating being there. Even the brief smile my server gave me was gone the minute she walked away. I was there for just over an hour - for one person ordering avocado soup & 3 chicken tacos & one margarita, that just seems ridiculous. It took at least 15 minutes before I received my drink. I was never even offered chips/salsa - only got them after I asked the "busboy" for them. BTW, HE was fantastic & he kept busy helping other tables. If he was a server in training, the girls working as servers could've taken an example from him. I noticed that several other tables were unhappy. 3 tables were conversing about how long it had taken to get their drinks - or to even get the attention of a server. One of those tables had a young baby. They were seated before me, but got their food well after I did. This was definitely a disappointment.I went here with a group of friends, and it was perfect for that. Frozen margaritas were obviously a fantastic idea, especially because it was super hot and we were seated outside (which I liked a lot, actually.) I got a quesadilla, which was delicious, my boyfriend got a burrito which was HUGGEEEE, and another couple at the table split nachos which were super yummy. It's affordable, casual, and a great place to just hang out. Also, my friend was obsessed with the one waitress's knee tattoo (go, and you'll be able to pick out the waitress, if she is there.) The only real negative was that the waitress disappeared for like an hour and a half. Granted, we were just hanging out, but we could have used water refills and eventually had to flag someone down for the check. But otherwise, I was pleasantly surprised. It's definitely not a fancy place, but for a nice hanging out with a group, it's fantastic.I absolutely love the Cantina. You really can't go wrong with their menu, and they always have lots of tasty specials. I've never had anything there I didn't like, but I'm especially in love with their vegan fajitas- the smoked tofu is crazy good. They also have the best margaritas in town, and they come in lots of delicious flavors, created with fruit purees rather than artificial flavorings. It's a very popular spot and it does get crowded and loud sometimes, but it's a bar. That's what bars do. No complaints here!My girlfriend and I came here to celebrate her promotion last week and man was it good. After looking over the menu the goat burrito really caught my attention. I'd never had goat before and since I consider myself somewhat of a foodie I figured I'd better get on the goat train and add it to my list. 
It was delicious. The meat was tender and juicy but most importantly it blended with the other ingredients in the burrito perfectly. I'm not saying that I'll be looking for goat on other menus but on that night it was great. The waitress was super nice, and as much as II hate trying to park in South Philly I will definitely be back to drink, the atmosphere was a lot fun.Ahhhh cantina... The land of delicious food and drink, and the worst service philadelphia has to offer. South Philly 'attitude' is expected at some Places... But this place is ridiculous. 
We waited 20 minutes to be seated, not that busy, and the hostess rudely asks 'if she can help us.' We obviously reply table for two and say we've been waiting in an averagely filled restaurant for 20 minutes. Her response was some horribly rude excuse about speaking to her manager. 
Once again delicious food here, but the wait staff and front of the house management (or pure LACK thereof) certainly leaves room to be desired.Cantina knows what's up! It's a trendy spot down in south philly with great margs and delicious food. I've been around the block and I can say that I think this eatery has the best deals when it comes to happy hour. When it comes to pitchers, it's important to remember they'll only allow one per every two customers. So if you have an odd number in your party 3 people will have to share one pitcher. Not the end of the world, just don't get there right at the end of happy hour. 
I love coming here in the summer and sitting on the patio it's good vibes all night.Not much has changed since my last review - and that is a good thing.  I still order the burritos - for brunch or dinner - and the margaritas and bloody mary's are still killer. I could just sit and drink a pitcher of the green salsa.  So great - should be a stop on any Philly food tour.Delicious margaritas (blood orange, yesss), a TON of outdoor seating, great location, awesome food (fish tacos) & 10,000 beards.
I came here last weekend with a table of 10, late on a Sunday night.  Our server was such a gem.  He was so patient with us, quick to refill beverages, chips & salsa, and just a nice guy.
There are better and cheaper tacos and other Mexican fare to be found close by  but Cantina is still delicious, fun and you just can't beat sitting outside with a margarita on a nice night.Horrible. Too loud. Drunk idiots. Poor food. Neglectful service.Only been here twice, but I know I'll soon become a regular. The food is fresh and tasty. The prices aren't super cheap, but they're not outrageous either. I had a burrito, my girlfriend had some quesadillas, both were fantastic. The chips and salsa are great on their own, and the guacamole was good too. The decor is very cool too; simple and fun. This is a very relaxed environment; good for all occasions: brunch, lunch, drinks w/ friends, and dinner either as a group or a relatively cheap date. Go, and you won't regret it.Love the outdoor patio and margaritas are amazing! Chips and salsa are great. Wide variety of margaritas from simple to specialized that are delicious and not over-priced. Great outdoor space for post-sunset summer!Not-so-good:
People smoking outside gets annoying
Can get pricey
Good:
The BBQ seitan tacos are AWESOME!
The seitan/tofu fajita platter is terrific as well!
Servers are friendly and very knowledgeable about vegetarian/vegan options
Free/unlimited chips and salsa!Excellent quac, salsa and chips. House margarita is decent. Food above average depending what you order (salad good, lots of veggie & vegan options but tacos are triple layer tortillas & not enough filling). 
I highly recommend NOT sitting in the main indoor dining area. Extremely loud - so loud you will have problems hearing the person sitting across from you. Even if it's not crowded, the music is deafening-the acoustics are freaking horrendous & service is spotty. 
Sit on the patio in nice weather or in the bar unless you like shouting at your date.cantina, cantina, cantina....
how do i love thee? let me count the ways...
Ok, first things first...BLOOD ORANGE MARGARITAS. amazeballs. get a pitcher on the rocks. Then, get yourself an order of the Alas de Pollo. They are full of flava and come with the best freakin' dipping sauce in the world. I've begged (maybe even bribed) many a waitress for this recipe, but they won't give it away! Chips & salsa come standard @ the table, but do yourself another favor and get some guac. I've never been disappointed with any of the entrees. They are pretty big portions, though. The burritos are HUGE! 
If you do go on a weekend night, it's gonna be crowded so prepare yourself for a wait. Try and get a spot at the bar in the back near the jukebox to entertain yourself. All in all, its a good time at Cantina.O, the Dreamsicle! You are so white inside and so orange outside. I love your hip hip ways. Tempt me with your chicken nachos, and ply me with the happiest of hours. How can I separate the fact from fiction? Your food is Mexicannot in the most American way possible, yet still I dine. Why do the others heap scorn upon your young? I am hipster, hear me pour.Yelp, I can't do anything without consulting you first... I think this is turning into a major problem, because I almost didn't try Cantina Los Caballitos because it only had 2 stars out of 8 reviews! But you know what, I am so glad I went.
My food was delicious. My friends' food was delicious.  I had the stuffed avocado salad.  Super yummy and fresh! Another friend had the nachos- gigantic and delicious (this is a plate of nachos that is meant to be shared- and since it's $9 you'll want to share it).  My other friend had something... but he ate it so fast, I can't even tell you what it was (but I'll assume it was delicious). 
Also, I feel like a complete and total alcoholic because all day today I've just been thinking, "mmmm... i want another blood orange margarita... mmmm... yummy..." and then I follow that thought with a, "mmm... margarita..."  My friend prefers the city bike margarita, but seriously, folks, I would suggest that everyone order the blood orange margarita, on the rocks, with a salt rim. 
The service was good.  The atmosphere was nice and relaxed.  The one problem I have with the place comes with the jukebox.  I understand that Cantina is owned by the same people who bring us the Khyber and Royal Tavern, but if you're going to open a Mexican restaurant, maybe you shouldn't play an entire Led Zeppelin  album during dinner time on a Saturday night? I don't know, that seemed a little silly.Guacamole was great.  Chk tacos seemed bland to me. Sat at bar and service was great. Overall I had a nice timeThis was a nice place in south philly for brunch. I feel like it would have been better had I not gotten brunch and gotten a lunch item instead. I ordered the mexicana rancheras which was essentially about 7 eggs mixed with peppers and onions, black beans, pico and white rice. The rice was bland but they give you sauces to help with that. It came with 3 corn tortillas. I feel like either the portion needs to come down with the eggs or they need to give more tortillas. Either way the portion was huge! Again the sauce helped with the overall taste of the dish otherwise it was fairly bland.
The blood orange margarita was delicious! The drink menu looked great but only had one of those before leaving.I was here on a slow night so I didn't have to deal with the crowds.  I've lived in Mexico & on the West Coast where the Mexican food is the best and I can honestly recommend this place.  I love the fact that they have vegetarian &  Vegan choices.Came here Friday night for drinks and dinner. The service at the bar was very fast and our drinks were really good. The service getting our table was pretty slow but they were crowded so it was fine. Over all the food was good and margaritas were great! I'd recommend. Photos below are the special vegan Bowl and Shrimp Tacos.Very cool decor and ambiance (although it's a bit dark inside). Not the best Mexican food I've had. However.... the guacamole is very good! Although the portion is kind of small, it was very fresh! My mahi mahi burrito was too much tortilla and not enough filling. The mahi mahi was also not super fresh- tasted fishier than mahi mahi that I normally order elsewhere. The guava mimosa was delicious and unique- I thoroughly enjoyed it! The complimentary chips and salsa were a pleasant surprise (the salsa verde was so good!) 
I would definitely not go out of my way for Los Caballitos. We were in the area and were recommended to come here for dinner. It was enjoyable and overall a good dinner.Met a few friends here for after work drinks. I had been here before for dinner and found it loud and crowded, but happy hour was a welcome change. They have outdoor seating, which was perfect for the day's weather. We were seated promptly, allowed to move into the sun more, and our waitress was very accommodating to our needs. We got a few margaritas then decided to indulge in the happy hour specials- $15 pitchers of margaritas- which were so good- not too sweet, not to sour! The food offered many options for our diverse crowd- things that weren't too spicy, a vegan, a vegetarian option, and someone looking for a light salad. We were pleased with the service, but I unfortunately forget the girl's name. We will be back soon to enjoy some more margaritas in the sun.Liked this place a lot! Has an excellent slow cooked pork dish and a squash type soup that was very good! Definitely like the vibe and hustle and bustle. Good service on top of good food makes for a nice night out!We walked past this place on a Saturday evening. We walked inside and the place was pretty full of people. The place is a bit dark but don't mind that. We sat a table near the bar, the bartender was our waiter and I can't complain about his service at all. 
We ordered a few different frozen margaritas, all tasted good. I believe they were about $7.00 each which isn't that bad. I also ordered a steak burrito ($13.00). I wasn't that pleased with it for being a Mexican restaurant. The rice didn't taste that fresh and it was a bit messy to eat.
The interior design of the place was nice for the most part, they had candles on the tables, lights around the ceilings. There's a restaurant part in the room next to the bar as well. I don't think I would come here again to eat but would drink here next time I'm in the area. 
The bartender ended up giving us a free drink which was surprisingly nice of him, he was very social and checked on our table about four times. The crowd here was mixed but I would say on average people in their early 30s.After a long Friday night I always look foward to brunch at Cantina. Their brunch on a warm Saturday morning drowned in a blissful combo of margaritas and mojitos is absolutely perfect.Not too impressed with this place. The tuna ceviche was to die for though!! Guacamole was very fresh and brussels sprouts were also great. We also ordered the wings and a platter that came with rice, salsa, chicken mole, and steak. The steak was completely inedible, it was so over cooked I couldn't even bite a piece off. To make matters worse, when our server came to clear the table she saw our practically untouched plate of the steak and said would you like it boxed? We replied no, and said it was really bad. She didn't ask any questions and just took it to the back. Personally, I thought this was rude and unprofessional.One of my fav mexican joints with great outdoor seating. And a lot of beards. And beers. 
My usual/recommendation:
Steak caesar salad
Chorizo burrito
Blood orange margarita(s)
Side note:
I'm not a salsa girl and usually just eat plain chips. Cantina has awesome verde sauce. That shit is banging. I put it on everything. I bogart the little salsa dish. I contemplate bringing a tupperware to pour the leftovers into.
The Cantina provides great people watching too. I esp enjoy the stout spark plug of a man that works the bar. He's one of those good looking guys that knows how good looking he is and looks at you like, "yeah look at my pecs, you like that?" Yes. Yes I do.Food is lacking but the drinks make it worth three stars. Try a Mexican car wreck or a guava margarita.Didn't have the pleasure of eating here but the people ordering food around us seemed to be happy. I went here with coworkers for a couple of drinks. The beer selection is good. They have a nice selection of IPAs which is my choice genre of beer. My coworkers enjoyed their margaritas. The crowd, much like most of the South Philly bar scene, are the hipster- artistic type who I really appreciate the most of all bar crowds. Overall a good bar, good people, good drinks...
Good times.I ended up at Cantina for a birthday dinner with friends. We were told we could not be seated until our whole party arrived (annoying) so we ended up waiting a bit for a table.  At this point I was starving and a big crabby as a result of my hunger pangs. Luckily this place has Free Chips and Salsa and they do a great job of bringing re-fills of chips and salsa. Unfortunately that's the best part about this place... it's somewhat necessary to fill up on chips and salsa because the service is absolutely horrible.
Four different people helped us with drink orders, food orders, served us the food, got us refills, and brought our check. I hate not knowing who our actual server is and it annoys me when no one wants to help us because they're not "our" server. The staff was rude and really did not look like they knew what they were doing. The food took forever to arrive and it was a steady, but not crazy, Thursday evening. 
The food was average. The burritos could feed a family of 4 and the nachos are huge as well. I recommend splitting stuff here as the portions are huge (especially after you fill up on chips and salsa and margaritas).
I wouldn't recommend this place and will be sticking with my usual Mexican spot.I was actually surprised at how good the food was. I haven't had good nachos in a long time. 
The service is lacking though. The waitstaff is downright rude. The only nice person was the bartender. The setup was a bit confusing. It was lunch and we were all lined up like we were in grade school again. There was no sign of a host. Finally the guy who ended up being our waiter showed up. After saying I rather not be seated at the bar they flat out said no,you're going to be. I had to give my order and drink order to the bartender. I figured this out on my own. Not from the waiter. The bartender, like I said, was very nice and charming. He ended up leaving during our meal so he missed out on his tip. I'm sure he didn't get his share of it from the waiter.
Is this going to stop me from going again? No. 
I'm just hoping I got them on a bad night.The "Quesadilla Vegetariana" is hands-down the best quesadilla I've ever had. I usually don't care for Mexican food, but I loved this. Add the $10 pitcher special on happy hour Margaritas, and you've got yourself a winner!1) by far THE worst playlist you'll hear in all of Philadelphia.
2) I'm confused: a "Mexican" place with Asian fusion Ceviche and Salmon Pescado with Seaweed salad on top?  ...okay...  This is NOT doing it for me, won't be back.
Restaurant Quest #51I've been going here for years and years - it WAS a good spot. We recently went and had such an odd experience, not sure we will be back. The server took the order wrong and then brought it out; wrong. Normally, we might have just dismissed it but it was allergy-related. The waitress then went MIA the entire meal, I had to ask a hostess to please grab her and she looked at me and said something along the lines of "this is annoying" - really? I understand they're busy and it's guac season right now, but not needed. A couple of other things happened as well but it did not seem like there was a manager in sight. Plenty of other new spots in the area to go to moving forward.The only reason I'm giving Cantina Los Caballitos two stars is because occasionally they make a good stop in my neighborhood to have a margarita with some chips and salsa.  That said, I've completely sworn off of eating here.  The service is terrible - both times I was here in the last three months our server wandered off for long stretches (10, 15 minutes at a time), not just attending to other tables but nowhere to be seen.  Both times we waited for over thirty minutes after ordering before asking for our food.  And as someone who often eats vegetarian/pescetarian when ingredients aren't accounted for, I've never had a satisfying meal here.  The brick of melted cheese in the Quesadilla Vegetariana almost overwhelmed the taste of what clearly seemed to be mushrooms from a can, and the vegetable tacos are bland in stale tortillas.  There are so many good restaurants in Passyunk Square - this is a pass!4 stars for the margs, 3 stars for the food (so really 3.5 stars--but I gave them the benefit of the doubt for service and outdoor seating). Great spot for bringing large groups: always crowded, never packed. Outdoor seating provides a great view of east passyunk. The green salsa that comes w/ their tortilla chips is awesome. Get the original or guava margarita. 
Don't come here if you're looking for authentic Mexican fare.This E. Passyunk spot has a lot to offer.  The chips and salsa are very tasty, made in house from what I can tell.  They give a red and a green salsa to try... lacking on the heat but there needs to be wide appeal.
Seating is quite cramped.  When sitting down next to a couple on the first date I felt like my wife and I were on a double date... and it wasn't going smoothly.   I can see how this could be a cool experience if you end up next to a couple or small group who adds to the experience but I also see how this can turn awkward in a hurry,
Staff did their best but they seemed understaffed for the evening.  Everyone was rushing around and trying to keep up but to no avail. 
The food tasted good and that was our main draw... our friends really liked this place but overall I don't think it lived up to its hype.  Now that our expectations have been reigned in... we will be back at some point.Awesome, just awesome.  My girlfriend took me there for my birthday this year and between the food and beer selections, I hope she takes me there next year.  She had the fish taco's which were made from Tilapia and I had some sort of steak that would have been about two feet long if it was unrolled - no joke.  Make sure that you don't pig out on the chips before you're appetizers and en trees come out!
The atmosphere was amazing.  If you've ever been to Disney World and ate at one of the country's restaurants in Epcot (i.e., Mexico, Germany, Italy, etc.), one thing that makes them great is how well it's decorated and how much it resembles the country.  Cantina's got it down when it comes to the atmosphere and our server was extremely cool with menu suggestions.fantastic margarita ,good food, also very great place for hang out with friends and family ..Food is good but CUSTOMER BEWARE!! Furniture outside is not maintained chair broke!!! Water fell / rolled off tent onto the back of another customer. Such a shame since food is good. Sitting inside is too loud so I personally prefer outside but seriously won't be going back there. There are too many other places that have equal quality food but are much safer and better management of their premise.We were very pleased to find out that not only were they open for lunch (several restaurants on East P are not) and they serve Brunch every day.  Woohoo!  The poached eggs over that tasty cornbread hit the spot.  The service was exceedingly friendly and an overall pleasurable experience hitting all the right notes of tasty noms, great service and something more than ordinary.