I frequented this place back when it was an INGDirect location and still enjoy it now that it is Capital One 360. Cheap drinks, friendly staff, a bright, clean, and quiet cafe with huge windows and comfortable seats--what's not to like? It's a perfect spot to do work, read, or just relax and do some people-watching through the plate glass picture windows. They will give you a short sales-pitch but they are not pushy about it and it's definitely worth it to take advantage of the cheaply-priced drinks and snacks on offer.If you use your Capital One card, everything is half off. I come here often enough that most of the staff know who I am and know what I order. Great place to meet for meetings or jus tread a book.Good non-caffeine drink selections. Very clean and cozy place to study. Spacious with private rooms as well.Did you know there is a time machine at the corner of 17th and Walnut? Not everyone has access to it, but if you have a Capital One Card, you get a ticket to 1980.
Why 1980? Because a cup of coffee in 1980 was about .75 (I googled it) and that is how much it is here if you use your Capital One Card.  
Service is swell and they have all the fixins.  This is a new favorite spot for my morning pick-me-up.This is a great place to study if you're in Center City. The place can get a little crowded and noisy, so just be mindful if you need somewhere quieter to do work. But there are tons of tables, meeting rooms, and open workspaces for people.i love the idea.  a bank primarily focused on online savings accounts based in delaware creates an offbeat cafe on a bustling walnut st philadelphia with 30 minutes of online access on desktops and relatively cheap drinks.
i thought it was pretty cool actually...until i tried their iced chai. 
okay, so a buck fifty for a 16 oz drink (or something like it) is pretty good considering it's around $3+ elsewhere, but seriously, this drink tastes like tainted whole milk and looks like muddied water in a plastic cup.
the worst part is that i got it TWICE in two different occasions thinking the first time was a fluke.
why?Not sure if you been to their new site, right across the street.   Bigger space, longer hours, more ATM; 2 accessible 24 hours and just an overall hangout get some work done spot.   Must see, visit, join, etc.I really enjoyed my macchiato here yesterday. It was actually free, because they had set up a prize wheel in front of the store and were giving things away to get you into the cafe. When I redeemed my free drink, the barista was really friendly; he mentioned a few details about Capital One checking accounts but wasn't too pushy about "selling" anything. The cafe itself is nice enough and has a few tables and some comfy couches (my preference) in the back. My friend also won a drink, so we sat there for about an hour and weren't pestered about Capital One accounts as we had expected to be. Overall, a decent place to come for coffee and a little cheaper than other cafes in the area, so I'd recommend it if you don't mind that your coffee comes with a side of financial planning advice :)Awesomeness.
It's a simple, no frills cafe with a lot of windows/light , free wifi, and super reasonably priced coffee.  I started coming here when I got sick of the Starbucks on 16th.  Fair warning though, there aren't too many tables (maybe 8?) but I've never had trouble getting one.   
The coffee is good (esp. at 1.50 a cup) and the staff is really nice.  Plus, if you're a Capital One card holder you get a discount or something (I'm not, so I'm not quite sure how much). Either way, if you have simple study/coffee needs like me, this is a great spot to hit up.Amazing customer service, delicious coffee and free cucumber water! Need I say more? The place is also very clean and bright. Will definitely be back.oK, I work one store down from here. THESE PEOPLE KNOW ME!!! i love them they are awalys friendly and a real great group of people. I am in here every day i work (3-5 days a week)  Always a real pleasure to see these people. they even made my signature drink a local fav. which i still blush about!!!  you cannot beat this service, everything here is great. especailly the cookies- of which my co-worker as me addicted. this is an awesome place to go get something to drink and just read a book or make a mad dash to the 21 bus acroos the street!!!! I love you guys!!see you tommrw!!!Oh ING, how I love your $0.75 iced coffee refills and assortment of baked goods.  How you infuriate me once every so often when you're closed and I have to settle for Bonte, Miel, or Dunkin Donuts...
Good(s):
Outstanding coffee 
Pumpkin Cheese Muffin - Mmmm
Blueberry Crumb Muffin - Mmm
Bad(s):
Closed more often than the average coffeeshopCapital One Cafe doesn't - a/p my chat with the banking barista - offer services to established Capital One cardholders with business cards. From what I understand I cant even pay my credit card bill there, though if I use my credit card they will give me discount on cup of coffee. Hm ... I guess its good for college kids setting up new personal accounts with lots of ATM locations & cyber options, though established Cap One accounts are obviously not the target market there.I love coming to this cafe when I really need to hunker down and get stuff done. The vibe of the cafe is more like an office/business setting, which makes me more likely to stay productive. The place is clean and there's plenty of seating on the first floor and upstairs. Even better are the half off drinks you get if you use your Capital One card.Doesn't match up to the same style environment as the Capital One 360 Cafe in the Financial District in San Francisco.  Their thai latte was a bit flat in taste; the only thing good about it was that it was hot and made for a nice drink walking over to the Pennsylvania Convention Center on a snowy day.  But at the same time, anybody can make a hot drink.Am I the only one not impressed by mediocrity on all fronts: sure the baristas claim to also be your banker, but in fact, they are neither. Due to the store's location, I've patronized them for coffee (coming from San Francisco bay area, trust me when I tell you they know not how to brew Peet's), I've used the free internet (and had my session justifiably curtailed), and I've tried to ask them some questions about my ING account (all attempts were thwarted since "we don't do that in-store. Please call or try online").
In sum, I'm not sure there's anything they're really good at. I sometimes wish they'd just close and finally open the Pinkberry we're waiting for in that neighborhood.a big iced coffee, with soymilk, a block from my office, for $1? five fucking stars.5-stars post-renovation! 2 stories means it's super spacious and you likely won't have trouble finding a seat despite its prime location on 17th and Walnut St. in the heart of Rittenhouse! Drinks are expensive, but you get a discount if you have/open a Capital One card!i love this place! loved it a bit more before they changed over to more "formal looking" peet's. i dunno if it's just me, but the coffee tastes a bit different... but overall, very friendly staff, good cofee for a good price. lots of options too.I really love frequenting this location. When I'm downtown and I need a sweet treat, but don't want to deal with card minimums, this is the place I visit. They offer really fun drinks too, like Italian sodas (they come in any flavor, once they have the syrup. they're absolutely great during the summer!). I don't like the coffee much, but I don't drink coffee anymore anyway, so their teas serve me just fine! They have such straightforward pricing too, who can really complain? I know, things went from $1 to $1.50, but really? It's just .50, and prices everywhere will rise at some point. Oh, and before I forget, the staff here is really friendly, and they gladly answer your questions.This place is super friendly, convenient, and the line (if any) always moves quickly. Stop in here every morning and am consisted greeted by cheerful, helpful staff. Prices are unbeatable, especially for rittenhouse area. Add the  50% discount from having their card and this is the best deal for a good cup of coffee around.ING DIRECT Cafe is great. Often I'm stuck on Walnut Street needed some info, or waiting for an email. A quick stop into ING Direct Cafe seems to solve that. The internet is free with a purchase of coffee, with is not too expensive. I enjoy the fact that things are rounded to the 25 cent mark, so most drinks are 1.50 even.
The staff is nice, and the schwag is economically priced if you don't mind donning an orange lion.Had an ING account that became 360 and  have a brick and mortar Capital One account from the Wash DC area where they rule and have been a Capital One credit card holder for years since they are, as far as I know, the only free credit card that does not charge an international fee. (You must get one if you travel abroad often.)
Grew up with Peet's coffee in the Bay Area so looove it and never was a fan of Starbucks.
Wifi is great.
This is a perfect place to rest on Walnut when you're tired of shopping or waiting for other people to do things like try on clothes.
3 things would make this a little more perfect:
ATM access off hours (like in a window or small lobby with card access)
better maintained restrooms
more couchy seating
i also find it a bit strange that i can deposit cash into the CO account at the ATM machine but not into the 360 account, which only accepts check deposits
i have to say, i love CO much more than Citibank, which, I think has changed, but was horrible for international transactions. Citi once charged me $30 for an international withdrawal at a Citi ATM abroad. what's the point of having an international bank if they run each country as unrelated banks (they run different regions of the US separately, but treat it as always a Citi transaction, why can't they do that abroad?)This lounge is pretty cool. You can reserve meeting rooms and it really serves as a cafe/work center.  There is wifi and there is a Peet's Coffee Shop inside. They give Capital One card holders 50% off drinks.
Great place to get some work done in the area.i used to make fun of this place, but it's actually pretty good coffee/tea (and a good deal.) you have to, like, really effin love the color orange though. you will piss orange after coming here. in addition to coffee, you can buy all sorts of random, orange-branded ish like umbrellas, bicycles, backpacks, keychains, etc. earn a staggering 0.80% annual percentage yield (effective 01/06/2012) on your savings while you're at it.Not a real branch and closed on Sundays . Would like to see them add a debit card swipe as an option to enter during hours the "branch" is closed .
I haven't had the coffee but stopped in one day during customer appreciation day and they were giving away nomad pizza for lunch . Pretty good deal just for being a customer .Stopping off in Philadelphia after my trip to NYC I needed to find my banks ATM location and discovered this spot right where I was headed. I stopped in got a coffee and a muffin, used the ATM and rest room. Got information on Allpoint ATM's in Philly and was pleasantly surprised at the service. It will be my stopping point each visit to Rittenhouse Square. Clean, friendly coffee shop with my Capital One ATM. As I am a card holder and customer I also got a discount on the coffee. Unique place. I hope they do more of them in cities I travel to.I really don't care about coffee, I do care about free internets and big returns on my savings account.  This is why I go to ING Direct Cafe. I am a loyal ING Direct customer and I can make deposits into my checking and savings accounts from here.   They're also friendly.  I just like a barrista that can also talk finance with you.  
Bring TP with you if you wanna use the bathrooms :)I've been to their cafes before and they were nice but this one really takes the cake! I love that they have closed conference areas upstairs, plenty of space and great food and coffee. I stopped in here in August for a quick ice coffee and croissant but I plan to go back to make use of the other facilities. What a great idea in the design and amenities.Love this Cafe Bank!  personable staff, great atmosphere and free internet.  Only thing is I wish they had longer hours and/or sunday hours or just maybe more ATM that you would be able to do deposits in.  Otherwise, I am fan.  Great rates and F&B.  1/2 off your drinks if you pay with your capitalone 360 card.   Not sure if they will do the same for capital one debit or credit cards.stopped in here back in 2007 to open an ing account and to my surprise they were serving up peet's coffee!  huge, huge bonus!  what was even better?  the coffee was cheap!  i could buy a coffee with a double shot for $2.  can't beat that with a stick!
as for the environment, its very sleek (cross between ikea and steven starr's pod restaurant, imho).  there are chairs to lounge in up front, wide screen tvs behind the coffee bar running cnn, msnbc and the like, and in the back were several computers for banking.
i would hit ing direct every morning for my coffee before work and this place was always busy.  the baristas did a bang up job too because i never waited long, they answered my banking questions while i waited, and my coffee is always delicious.Peets!
The service and atmosphere was also friendly and comfortable.  The sales pitch is definitely more pull than push and I enjoyed looking over the related tchochkes.Massive cafe with tons of tables/chairs and outlets - an overall fabulous study spot. You get 50% off all drinks with a Capital One card but Peet's coffee is pretty cheap to begin with. Open until 8pm which is later than many other local cafes. Besides the signage constantly serving as a  reminder for me to pay my credit bill.... (which is appropriate based on the establishment) this place is near fabulous.The coffee here is pretty good and the service is okay.  I've only had coffee here a few times and a bottled water another time but the cashiers seem rather friendly and there is usual ample seating.  Price wise, they're pretty much on point.  I'll probably be back.I don't know if it's the beans or what they're doing with them, but I think ING's is some of the worst, most astringent, sour coffee around. For tea, hot chocolate and big chewy $1 cookies, though, this place is awesome.This place is an odd combination of bank and cafe.  I love the coffee because it's Peet's, which is available largely on the West Coast.  Friendly staff, half-hour wifi w/purchase.  It occupies a central downtown location, and the staff are quite friendly.  Seating is adequate, with some outlets for laptops, but don't sit by the door during winter :-).
Of course they advertise their ING bank products, but it's not overt and they sound like a decent bank anyway.  I believe the cost of coffee is partially subsidized.  Flat screen TVs with news are kind of nice for a mid-day headline check.  Bank customers can use the internet for free with in-house computers.
As you can imagine for a bank-cafe-internet hybrid, the atmosphere isn't very cafe-ish, but it's a good stop for coffee and an email check.  Early in the day they even have fresh Philadelphia soft pretzels (which might even be free, but don't quote me on it).What is not to love?  Not only free wireless, but also free internet access from computer terminals (honor system for keeping use within reasonable limits so others can also hop on).  Good drinks in HUGE cups (their smallest size is like a starbucks "grande"), most of which are priced at a mere 1.50! (even the chai tea lattes and cafe au laits).  Staff are really friendly.    And they accept debit/credit cards (but also have an ATM should you choose to go that route)
Overall a great place to study or get some work done, especially if you want to intermittently check your email without having to lug around your laptop.  The only caveat is that their hours are only until 7ish (though some might say that at least enforces some level of normalcy...unless you go down the street to capriccio to keep working late.)Free internet access and (as I happen to be an ING account holder) access to your banking.
Plus if you wear orange (like that EVER happens??) on certain days your coffee is free.
Kitschy come-ons and cool swag to be had here as well.
I really enjoy banking with ING Direct and the coffe shop is a nice addition.
But they need to clean those bathrooms more often - or else they'll be downgraded to 3 or even 2 stars.  They get GROSS!!!In need of a decent cup of coffee around my office I didn't even consider ING for whatever reason, probably the whole corporate association, but after being dissatisfied with all the other options I gave it a go and now it's my go-to. I stick with drip coffee here and the odd muffin/biscotti and it's solid. Coffee tastes like coffee! Rich, bold, deep, dark. I've not been to Peet's but am pretty confident they know what they're doing. I don't really care about the price tag but $1?The new location is really nice and looks really cool, however they should have invested in personnel as well. There is a whole new staff making coffee and they seem unorganized and very slow. I waited well over 10 minutes for my coffee and had several employees ask what I'm waiting for but no one actually got my drink. I will not be returning.In the middle of center city, this is an oasis! You can charge your phone and/or work on your computer while enjoying the same drinks as Starbucks! It's less crowded than Starbucks and roomier.  If you're a Capitol One customer your drinks are 1/2 off. Just show your card. The space offer 1 hour financial workshops most days too. Great for people watching too!$.75 cup of coffee.  I purchased their mug in the winter and was so surprised the first time I brought it back in and received a refill for just 75 cents!  Between my wife and I, we have saved quite a bit of coffee consumption cash.  And the coffee is quite alright!I'm a big fan of ING Direct!  Part of my future is invested with them!  I also love the coffee that they serve at the cafe, and enjoy doing my banking while getting a freshly brewed cup of coffee.  It's a brilliant idea!  Coffee, money, some world news, and free internet...  Come on, what's not to love?  Oh yeah, and let's not forget the pastries!  Yum!  The staff is also wonderful, and knowledgeable about fair trade policies of investments and world coffees.Peet's coffee, friendly staff and good modern design (crisp product design and an interior design that is very open, light and uplifting) will keep me coming back.free wifi
seating w/ lots of sunlight
cheap peets coffee
if you check in w/ foursquare i think you get a free coffee.
what's not to love??Some of the new baristas are a nightmare.  Unfriendly, rude, and certainly not customer friendly.  I've been coming almost every day for the past 2 years+ and always had a wonderful experience at the old cafe.  When the new location opened, I can hardly say the same.  Will be searching for a new morning stop on my way to work for coffee.the WiFi here is complete garbage, which is antithetical to the whole vibe they're trying to create (as a work/meeting space)While we were waiting at the counter to be taken care of the two young ladies were busy downing whip cream with their back towards us at the register. I don't mind what you do on your off time but if you were in my restaurant I would send you home.
My wife kindly asked the employee to add the espresso her "Shakeology" mix which is not cheap. With the young lady's immediate response "we don't do that". Really? I worked in the coffee industry for 10 years and that is the minimal someone has requested in my experience. This should be an immediate "not a problem". In addition to; we are standing there watching the  employee make the blended drink  and here he is adding ingredients to my wife's health shake which is premeasured for her allergies. She just needed coffee. No heads up by the worker, just adds it to the mix willy nilly! No warning!  We don't know what is in these add-ons by Peet's. This was a rude experience. Starbucks tops this experience by a long haul by just following directions without adding ingredients to the mix. And we're are a big fan of Peet's too, that's the sad part.Where else can you get Peet's Coffee in Philadelphia?  The prices are great and the area is open and clean.  If you don't mind the occasional weirdo using the free computers to catch up on his Star Wars trivia (I kid thee not), then this is not a bad place to grab a cup of coffee.Cheap, solid coffee and ice coffee.  Like, $0.75 if you use a Capital One card like I do.  That alone is worth stopping in.
Plus it's a huge space, has great WiFi, and everyone is super nice.
Only potential negative?  You're not going to impress anyone by coming here.  But really, if you're going to a certain coffee shop to impress people you've likely got bigger fish to fry.  Also their pastries aren't THE best but whatever shut-up 75 cent coffee.I love the friendly staff and the coffee is superb, fresh, tasty and delicious. Yes coffee can be delicious. On a hot day they make a fantastic Frio and on those days that I need a caffeine fix the double latte taste awesome. No sugar required.
The price............5 Stars
PS: 360 should open more joints and give Starbucks a run .......My latest go-to study spot - free wifi, lots of outlets, clean bathrooms, half priced drinks for CapitalOne card holders... what more could I ask for?
Convenient location to get to and did not seem too crowded on a Saturday afternoon.
Only downsides are that it's closed on Sundays and I found the cold brew coffee to be more acidic than my tastes. Otherwise, I'm a fan!Half off drinks with a Capital One card?  Yes, please!
I was staying at my sister's near 17th and Walnut and needed a cup of tea before my dissertation defense.  Though it seemed a little weird (it used to be an ING cafe, but then CapOne bought them out), it was close and I needed the caffeine.  I'm glad I stopped in because I got high quality green tea for 75 cents.  75 CENTS!!!  On top of the great deal, the staff was friendly and helpful.
Now if only they could open a location right next to my house in St. Louis...This place has some super strong coffee.  It's almost like drinking espresso in a 20oz. cup.  I pretty much just get a plain, black cup of coffee so it's interesting to see their simplified approach to a menu.  This cuts down on wait time, which is nice.
As a bank, they're pretty great too!A chilly, drizzly day in May which reminded us of London so we had to stop somewhere for a cup of tea.  Saw the name "CapitalOne" on the door but looking inside, it was a full-on coffee shop.  We ordered large teas, and both were prepared as well as one could expect in London--water at correct (sub-boiling) temp, nice breakfast tea blend, and 2% milk available, as well as demerara sugar!  Totally hit the spot. And paying with our CapitalOne Visa, we paid half price.  :)In the middle of center city, this is an oasis! You can charge your phone and/or work on your computer while enjoying the same drinks as Starbucks! It's less crowded than Starbucks and roomier.  If you're a Capitol One customer your drinks are 1/2 off. Just show your card. The space offer 1 hour financial workshops most days too. Great for people watching too! Love it here!Banking and coffee go together like. . .Well, it's a new concept (at least to me) but I think it works -- The bankers are the baristas and are friendly and nice.  I was fortunate enough to work from home one day when I moved to Philadelphia and decided to stop in.  I will definitely return, either for the banking, the coffee, the pastries, or all three.For me, this is the best coffee in the world. Don't know how they do it, but there is a clean finish and no after tasteFree bathroom.
Water for a buck - HOLLA!
Iced tea for $1.50 - Double HOLLA!
Surcharge free ATM - HIGH FIVE!I can't imagine someone making a nicer coffee shop. Plenty of TVs with news on in the morning, relaxing AM music, great prices. Simple menu selection, in fact it's more just coffee and muffin style, but I think it's part of the appeal. I am just sitting hear clearing my thoughts and enjoying it. Perfect cafe for the perfect area. It's not a bank though, Althought they have the ING site up on the two computers that you can use. I saw the one negative review and can not agree with Jon's rating.My main reason for coming in though, was that I was under the impression that like a bank, I would be able to make a deposit into my ING account in-house. Instead, I was directed to pick up a prepaid envelope, or the barista suggested "Better yet, deposit it into your local bank and then send it back over to ING from there."
The cafe vibe was nice and the people were friendly, but I wasn't able to accomplish the only task I'd set out to do.My favorite coffee shop in the Rittenhouse area of Philly! There coffee is delicious. Their baristas are laid back, fun, engaging, and provide great customer service. Plenty of outlets, wifi, and space to work. Always clean and if you bank at capital one- it's half price and you can get your bank questions answered.The location is spot on as is the surcharge free ATM in the back - yay ING! The coffee and pastries are nothing really special but for $1 you really can't go wrong. This is a good spot to grab a cheap cup of coffee or sit down for a moment while on Walnut Street without having to go to Starbucks.If you have a capital one card: 5+ stars (saving $ is awesome)
If you don't have a capital one card: 3.5 stars (guess I should consider getting a capital one card...)
A very clean and bright (red/white) spot to grab a caffeine boost. If you read the menu and are curious what the difference between the chai latte and the dirty chai latte: the difference is an espresso shot making the chai latte oh so dirty. I tried the "clean" version of a chai latte and wasn't disappointed, the large and in charge version costing about $2 and change (perks of traveling with a capital one cardholder). Those kind of prices are some serious levels of cool. 
The baristas are really friendly and overall this is a fantastic spot to hang out.I was a big fan of the ING Direct Cafe until about a month ago - that's when they went to a one-size pricing model.  Coffee is still great, but it's just not the awesome deal that it once was.  Free drink on Friday if you wear orange is still a nice perk.I have been a customer since I opened an account in 2010....the coffee is pretty great, 1/2 price since I am an account holder but the customer service is what keeps me coming back. Every employee is cheerful and professional...i understand thats is not a coffee shop but a bank that serves coffee......but both of those types of establishments should take this as an example.I LOVE this place! I work on the other side of Broad and walk here- it's worth it. I love Peet's coffee, and their iced teas are great too. The black tie (Vietnamese iced coffee) is a nice treat! That 50% discount for Capital One members is so awesome. The staff is really friendly too!I already miss the old cafe. 
Beautiful space, still a great location and very nice and pleasant staff. Paired with my favorite coffee, Peet's, but how can a cafe/coffee shop operate without a grinder? Where's the freshness of the great coffee? Where are the 16oz, pound bags of whole beans for sale? Now, I can buy the same 12oz pre-ground coffee as I could get in the supermarkets. 
It's really too bad this place masquerades as a cafe inside a bank.ING cafe has all the right ingredients for a decent, laid back center city cafe: Iced tea that's just as good if not better than starbucks for a much better price. Chocolate cheese muffin for a dollar. Free ATM - no charge. A pleasant place to sit. I can't ask for anything more.LOLWUT?
What the heck is going on? We stayed at Radisson Warwick right across the street in Rittenhouse Square, and this weird spot was right across from it. I had to take a look and figure out what the heck is going on...
I remembered the name vaguely, and I know ING is like some sort of bank or something, and the cafe part really threw me off... From outside I could see the prices, so I decided that since it was so cheap I could risk taking a shot.
Free wifi, cheap coffee, drinks, and pastries, and a pretty cool enviroment make this cafe a place we will certainly revisit. Seriously, their drinks are WAY cheaper than CRAPbucks, and it tastes way better. I will most definitely stop by quickly for coffee here.
This isn't exactly a downside, but the reason they have cheap stuff is to get you into the bank and try to sell you some bank services. They are very subtle, and don't force anything on you. They'll ask one question, if you say no, that's it... Aside from that, they are SUPER friendly and take good care of you.
Skip the charbucks coffee and go here instead. Your wallet and taste buds will love you.This cafe is pretty awesome - reliable internet (if you don't mind getting up every half hour to get a new access code - which helps to cut down on the procrastination Internet surfing), satellite radio blasting hits of the '90s, large tables with (mostly) comfortable chairs, affordable Peet's coffee and fresh pastries, large windows terrific for people-watching, and CNN on three screens for those great pouty Timothy Geithner shots.  When I visited, the bathrooms were clean and well-stocked.  No one was soliciting for ING either, which (paradoxically) makes me more likely to check them out.  I would have rated them 5 stars except that the chairs have no padding (better for keeping clean, but less comfortable) and the internet-access-code thing would be annoying if I needed the Internet for work.  All in all, a good place to spend a couple of hours working or hanging out.I always stop by here when I go get my haircut at Jason Matthew salon on Chesnut or before I go shopping on Walnut st. They are extremely friendly. The atmosphere is really cool. The best part - the coffee is actually good. Good enough that I stopped putting sugar or milk. Another great aspect is that it's like half price if you use your capital one card! And it's free when it's happy hour. I recommend stopping by!As critical as I am, and I've stopped going to a few cafés, I absolutely love love LOVE this place. I discovered it when I realized that CapitalOne had taken over the ING Direct Cafe and I was getting half-off all my drinks with my CapitalOne card. Thus began my love affair with the cafe. The baristas Mike and Joey always remember my drink, love to have a few laughs and no employee is ever boring. Everyone is super friendly, including the CapitalOne staff, who are always around to help anyone out. The wifi is always fast and functional, and the bathrooms are always clean. Drinks are good and if you tip the baristas well, they would love to show off their art skills by making smiley faces and other things in your latte. What more could a cafe have?!I love the space. But I can go without the rude baristas. Every time that I've come into this café the baristas have been extremely rude. I get having a bad day, but come on, not every day!This is the place to go if you're in the area and in the need for a quick coffee fix.  I don't find that I particularly like the coffee they serve (Peets is the brand I believe) but it's a dollar, so what more could I possibly ask for?  Their baked goods are always delish and only cost $1.00.  No where else in the city could you get an iced coffee and a muffin for $2.00.  The people who work there are pretty friendly and I like to use their internet if I have some free time. If you inquire about their products (checking & savings accounts) they will talk to you about them but there's never any pressure. ING is certainly a less expensive option to Starbucks.  The quality isn't fantastic, but for mere pennies, it'll do. :)The Capital One Cafe is a pretty convenient place for me to stop in and pick up a coffee or pastry. The wifi is always working, and either downstairs or upstairs there are always seats open and power available for charging. It isn't the best coffee in the city, but its ok, and the discount if you use a capital one card on a brewed beverage is a big perk. I usually get an iced coffee or cappuccino and it is pretty cheap, and gets the job done. Great place to meet with someone if you're worried the other local spots will be overcrowded or too loud.Do you want to surf the internet with homeless people while drinking a $1.50 chai?  If so, this is the cafe for you.  You used to be able to order a large here, but now it's one size only.  Booo!  I always get a large no matter what.
Also, one Friday I stopped for an iced tea.  I had on a melon colored tank.  I was surprised when I learned that my drink was free!  If you wear orange on Friday you can get any drink for free.  Nice.I love Capital One 360. It's the first time that I have ever been excited about a bank. My wife and I just switched over our finances, and I am totally impressed. Their products are great, and the cafe is a terrific idea. The staff that they have is incredibly friendly and helpful (particularly Mary Ellen). I had gotten so frustrated with TD Bank over the past couple of months that I do not have one ounce of regret over moving away from a brick-and-mortar bank. If you hate fees like I hate fees, check them out.Great coffee and very nice staff. Lots of personality. Cheaper than Starbucks with free wifi. Love the Capital One theme going on in thereI used to frequent this area more often and despite having an ING account I've never been in til this week. The place seems cool enough, but it could really use more seats. It was packed when I went in the afternoon. I thought the prices would be cool from what I heard, but the (iced) coffee was smaller than expected (one size sips all). I'm really hard to please with drinks. I'm a drink killer. I'll kill one of those coffees and two more that look just like it in my own kitchen. I'll try some tea next time.
It looks to be a great place for people watching. Maybe next time I'll get there much earlier or much later. And I can't really deposit there, but they do have free postage paid envelopes that can be mailed off and serve the purpose. Eh... great location though.