Good Chinese food and really nice beer selection.  Haven't tried the sushi yet, so I can't speak to that.  True, the staff isn't exactly the most cordial, but they're plenty nice enough for Chinese food take out.  This is not an expensive or fancy restaurant, so you should go in with reasonable expectations.Capital beer definitely fills a void that's been missing in Fishtown. When you're in the moody for typical Chinese take out now you can look no further than capital beer. 
We ordered egg rolls, veggie fried rice, Kung pao chicken, and beef Szechuan. Egg rolls were ON POINT. Perfectly fried and crispy. Fried rice was pretty standard and both of the entrees were nicely spiced and pretty much what one would expect from a Chinese takeout place. 
We took out our food but the restaurant looked clean and inviting. We will definitely come back and try the sushi!Tried it tonight for the first time. Just tried basics to start, chicken in garlic sauce, shrimp fried rice, wonton soup and shrimp rolls..  All was tasty.  My husband thought the shrimp rolls could have used more flavor but I thought they were just fine. This area has needed a good chinese takeout for a long time.  I plan to try it again soon.Man, I really wish this place was just a little bit better. Really, if they used different wraps for the crab Rangoon, and not as much eel sauce on the rolls. Other than that, I'm a regular here. Perfect spot to go to cause its just a couple blocks walk.I think capital beer is pretty ok to me. I dont have any complaints other than maybe price but that doesnt really bother me that much with this place. Ill go here once a week or anytime im craving sushi its always pretty good. Chinese food is standard. Great beer selection take your pick.This is a very solid Chinese food take out spot.  Do not go in expecting anything amazing/life changing; however, their General Tso and lo mein are very good, especially if you are swinging in to pick something up after work.  There is an added bonus of a very strong beer selection so you can pick up a six pack on your way out.Outside of Chinatown, this is probably one of the better Chinese options in this area. While my fellow Asians may disagree with my 4-star rating, I base it on the following reasons: 
1. the food isn't unnecessarily extra greasy 2. the ease of parking
3. they take credit card
4. (the more obvious reason) there's an enormous selection of beer that you can order or purchase as carryout
Having Capital in the neighborhood satisfies my every so often craving for Chinese food and my boyfriend's thirst for yummy craft beer without the hassle of crazy Chinatown parking/driversCapital Beer offers a plethora of choices. Eat in or take-out? Chinese or Sushi? Brooklyn Lager or Four Loko?
I recommend the Chinese food. Rating: Very delicious and above average. I recommend anything on the menu. The General Tso's has been consistently good. Anything else I've tried has been excellent for non-Chinatown Chinese in Philly. 
The Sushi is not 5 stars, unfortunately. But given that there aren't many other options in the area and its decent I'm not about to complain.
And to top it off, the place has take-out beer, another amenity lacking in the neighborhood. The selection is decent, but nothing special. It offers a bit more than just the typical stuff. It also has a nice tall can and 40 oz selection for the unemployed population.
I can't speak to the dining in experience, but it doesn't look all that appealing. The staff is friendly enough. 
The best option here is to order the Chinese, grab some beers for yourself and a friend and eat it at home. 
TLDR: Capital beer has worthy Chinese food, average sushi and reasonably priced takeout beer. I'm all for it.Lived in the fishtown neighborhood for 5+ years now.   Chinese food was always missing so we tried this place out Friday evening.  Food was Meh?   Wasn't great wasn't terrible.     Not really sure if i would go back hereI love this place. The sushi, the beer, and the atmosphere have kept me coming back for years. I recommend Capital Beer to all my friends and family.Finally a sushi place in Fishtown:)  It's close to my house, and within walking distance so I can't complain.  My fave sushi is the M16 and the rock and roll. The sushi bar closes at 10 so make sure you order before then.  I love their sushi and their chinese food isn't bad either.  They also have 6 packs of cider to buy which is awesome because I don't drink beer.  I wish they delivered though, because that would definitely expand their business.  Don't mock it till you try it!I think it's funny how people review and compare the food at this local place, like it's a 4 star restaurant! For the area in which it's in, I feel it's pretty good. They have different options for all tastes, and thirsts! It's a little over priced... But compared to a lot of the place around the area, the food is tasty! Would be nice to see them start delivery orders soon! But for the area it's as good as it's going to get for now, like I already said!I went here because several people said the sushi was great. It was HORRIBLE. I had to throw more than half of my meal away. I'm not even that picky an eater - but I will never eat from here again.Went in to pick up sushi and a six pack a couple nights ago. After selecting my six pack to woman at the counter began removing my beers from the six pack holder and started putting them in a plastic bag all the while banging each beer pretty forcefully on the counter. When I told her I wanted the beer in the six pack holder she scowled and said that they don't like to give the cardboard six pack holders away (wtf I'm not buying a 40 of King Cobra). When I got home I opened my beer to have it explode all over myself and my couch due to the counter person's careless handling. I doubt I'll be back again due to IGA having a better selection and better prices and being only a couple hundred feet away from their place. If you enjoy craft beer this isn't the place.Capital Beer & Sushi has a very good product. I'm sure the beer is equally as good but I wouldn't know because I don't drink. There's only one thing that I think is missing, delivery service. I've never heard of a Chinese restaurant that doesn't deliver, but then again I've never heard of a combination Chinese food restaurant and take out beer store. But whatever, it seems to be working. I don't know how many different bars have tried to make it in the same location but however many it was none of them were successful. And it's better than having a bar there with the rowdy drunks smoking their pot by the back door while peeing in the alley or house next door. They may sell beer, but its beer to go. They take it home where they can pee in their toilets instead of on my car. AAA+++This place is not real Chinese food or anything near it. Same ingredients in every dish and bland sauces. Same bs as every other take out I guessWent here on a snowy afternoon. Had the whole place to ourselves. 
Service was good, our waitress was sweet and helpful when helping us make decisions on our food choices. Offered us beer, drinks and was very attentive. 
Lunch special portions are huge!! We both took home left overs. General Tso's was crunchy, maybe a bit too sweet but with a bit more spice could easily be my favorite! Fried dumplings were flavorful, only down side was how thick the wrapper was, but very delicious! Pork egg foo young was good, not oily like most. 
I'll definitely  be walking back to this spot for my Chinese cravings. (Open till 2am for take out!!!) also not bad prices of 6's of craft beer!Who doesn't love a place where you can get Chinese and sushi AND beer. Their beer options are great and there's a ton to choose from. We have done take out and it is always to perfection. When family comes to visit we take them their as well and they love it. I only wish they had a hibachi table!
-No sushi MondaysI have to admit I was very skeptical to order sushi from a place called capital beer. To my surprise it was actually very good. We don't have many sushi places (if any) unless you go further down into northern liberties. The place is very clean. Their only downfall is they don't have delivery. Hopefully soon they are able to resolve that issue because honestly it's not just about the sushi . The Chinese takeout is one of the best in the area. I really hope this business stays around in the area.This is our go to for Chinese in the area. Their general tso and lo mein is the best combination and they taste sooo good. They never messed up our orders and yeah they don't deliver but hey its a good excuse to walk there to burn some calories before eating a crap ton of food. 
Overall this place is very affordable, efficient, fast and tasty.
Oh btw I personally would never try sushi here. If you want good sushi go to a sushi restaurant. This is a fast food chinese spot.I really want this place to succeed because I love sushi and the neighborhood lacks any such restaurants. But I'm afraid it's doomed like every other business that has occupied that building in the past 15 years (and there have been MANY).
The sushi has to be graded on a curve. For the neighborhood, it's 5-star. But if this business were in Center City, it would be a 2-star last resort. What I hate about this observation is that sushi, if taken seriously, can be truly mind-blowing when made well. 
But these kids -- yes, it's run by kids -- don't take it seriously. In fact, they don't seem to take any part of the business seriously. I've spent a lot of time waiting for an order to go, watching them barely lift a finger, roll their eyes at customers, play on their phones, and ignore new guests. 
(And about waiting for an order to go... you better bring a book, because these guys are sssllloooooooowwwwwww).
I get the distinct impression that one of their parents owns the business, that Capital Beer is someone's "starter job," and that all of the employees are the owner's kid's friends. Colossal turnoff. 
For me, the food is good enough. But I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.Good beer selection, average food, horrible service. 
Stay far away from the sushi and stick with basic Chinese!This place is ok if you want something quick and fast . The dumplings are a lil to doughey for my liking but they have good flavor. The sushi is ok and the regular food is ok too , not horrible but not great .Not reviewing on food, only on their beer/wine. They have late hours and a pretty decent beer and wine selection. They have everything from 6 packs of craft beer, 12 packs of domestics, wine coolers and even a nice selection of wine.I'm adding an extra review because I have decided to try more rolls and their Chinese food.  I was very impressed with their Chinese food.  Far better than all of the places in port richmond.  I also tried a few more sushi rolls in addition to the spicy salmon roll and the Philly roll.  I still think their a bit pricey for the neighborhood.  Theirs places downtown that are better in quality and still not that expensive.I'm confused about the approach to get customers in.  I was excited to see a sushi bar coming to the area but the name capital beer shows up on the sign and the last place I would want sushi from is a beer distributor.  I decided to give it a try though.  
I ordered two rolls; spicy salmon and a Philly roll to play it safe.  The spicy salmon was great and the Philly roll was o.k.  I'll be back to try more but if I'm still not impressed with their selection I'll be making the trip back to another sushi bar.I'm currently on the quest to eat sushi at every sushi place in Philadelphia. I live in the neighborhood however and have never tried Capital Beer. Honestly, I just assumed it would be bad. Its a place where the dope heads in Port Richmond can buy a Four Loko, not somewhere you expect the food to be good.
After hearing from a friend the sushi was awesome I decided to give it a try. I was so wrong for assuming from neon signs and the neighborhood it would be bad. Everything was top notch. From our friendly server, to our ridiculously awesome soup, to our tasty sushi. I will be back and honestly I feel stupid for assuming from the other reviews that this place was anything other than a great restaurant. As a restaurant manager this is what peeves me off about Yelp.This place is passable for cheap sushi takeout. It's not the best I've had (not even close), but it's decent and filling. Don't make a special trip there, but if you're in the area and can figure out how to park there (it's a mess) it's good to satisfy a craving.Me and the GF tried this place out on a whim as we live very close by. Upon approach the place looked clean and new with very bright neon signs outside. We went in and I was amazed at their huge selection of takeout beer. There was something for everyone there from Bud to high end Belgium beers. 
You can order food for dine in or takeout. Now the place is clean but do not expect fine dining service if you dine in. Its very simple and basic so don't expect alot if you go. We ordered takeout and got a couple of rolls from the Sushi side and an order of dumplings from the Chinese side. The food was decent and very reasonably priced. The sushi yielded six pieces per roll and the dumplings gave up eight. The dumplings were pretty good, not too doughy and filled with a generous amount of protein. The rolls were tasty but not mind blowing given the price ($5-6 each) and good enough too satisfy your cravings for sushi in the Fishtown area.
Would I stop by again? I would probably stop in again if I wanted a quick lunch or maybe a fast bite with the fellas. Would I take my GF there for a sit down dinner? Probably not, because as simple as she is she would want something a little nicer and perhaps cozier.
Cheers!First time going here and i just got vegetarian rolls (sweet potato and also vegetable futo maki) as well as hot n sour soup. It was good! I think next time I'll try fish rolls.. Was hesitant because a friend had the Philly roll and they used smoked salmon, but maybe it's just for that roll.. It's not amazing food but they didn't do it wrong. Also has a really good beer selection. Wait was long, i would strongly suggest calling ahead.Great beer selection which is much cheaper than other places. The Chinese food is standard. I'd say its comparable to any other Chinese takeout joint. It's our go-to spot for both beer and Chinese food. You get a lot of food for your buck too.I've been stalking this place for months, as I'm a wee bit desperate for more food and drink variety in my 'hood. After visiting, I am not one bit disappointed!
They appear to have a very wide variety of sodas, beers, and ciders (yay!), not to mention an assortment of random convenience store essentials like candy and medicine. My manfriend claims the egg rolls are some of the best he's ever had, and I felt that their sushi was tasty and seemed extremely fresh. I went a little overboard and ordered a lot of food, but the prices seemed very reasonable.
The place itself was clean, bright, and friendly, and I can't wait to try eating within the restaurant next time!I've always been a fan of this spot, but they've definitely had less sushi options in recent years than when I first started going. They also used to serve you at the tables. New owners maybe? Still decent food!By no means is this gourmet, but it's solid take out for the area. I can only vouch for the few things I ordered (steamed dumplings and beef with broccoli) but they were good. Considering the serious lack if Chinese food in the area, this place is great.Worst place ever! Had to talk to 3 people just to get our order right. They still messed it up and had a real bad attitude like I was the one who made the mistake by messing up the order. The food is down right awful. Avoid this place.Bad business .I bought box wine there and returned it the next day with a receipt . They said no returns or exchanges. Will never buy anything there ever again.I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in... greeted with a HUGE selection of take out beer and GLUTEN FREE OPTIONS at a great price, and I do mean great price. The look and location made me skeptical but overall everything was delicious with great service and I can take beer home with me...which is pretty awesome.
GLUTEN FREE options - Redbridge, Woodchuck Cider, Stella Cider, and Angry Orchard Cider. Their stock does change so the seasonal ciders will rotate. And you can ask for the to-go soy sauce for a gluten free soy sauce (it only has corn product, no wheat). And I just asked for my dish to be steamed with white rice. 
They serve Chinese, Sushi, and Some American options. We had a sushi roll, Orange Chicken, Chicken Chow Mein, Fried Rice, an Eggroll, Egg Drop and Wonton Soup and Fried Rice. Everything was very fresh and tasty - no one in our group had any complaints and almost ate everything, which means it was good. 
If your in the mood for some Chinese and Sushi and you want to have both and take out some beer when your done, this is definitely a good place to go.It's hard to give an overall rating that fits all the aspects of this place.  
Selection of beer and drink varieties: 4 out of 5
Prices on beer/drinks: 4.5 out of 5
Taste of food: 3 out of 5
We got the chicken and broccoli and general's chicken -- it was alright.  Nothing amazing, but not bad (considering we got enough portions for two nights).  Would not make a special trip here just for the Chinese food.Best Chinese food around. I always have to get an egg roll and hot and sour soup. Everything else I have tried is good too. The sushi is decent and I add a roll to my order once and a while. The best part is you can grab a good beer from their large selection while you wait for your food which usually only takes about 10 minutes to be done.Went here for dinner with the hubs and got won ton soup, hot and sour soup, fried dumplings, General Tsos special, and pork lo mein. Figured they were some good ballpark items to make a judgement. Overall, not bad! Hot and sour soup could have been a little spicier and had a little more sour. Won ton soup dumplings were a little chewier than I would prefer. Soups were a little saltier than normal. General Tsos was crispy and tasty! Lo mein was solid, too. Egg roll was your standard egg roll. Beers were cheap, and they had a nice selection for eat in or takeout. The restaurant was clean and our server was sweet. Overall, nothing to write home about, but perfectly passable Chinese and a welcome addition to the neighborhood.So i have ordered from this restaurant 4 times now.  The first time had a terrible time with the delivery side of the order, but food was good.  The other 3 times i had nothing but cancelled orders and lies about when the food was completed and had left wit the driver.
This happened again last night which was the 4th time!The food was ready within a fair amount of time. So the food is left with the driver 15 minutes late if you're still at the same location on the GPS map. I called the driver after texting and getting no response. He answered and told me after thinking about it for a couple seconds that his car needed a jump. He 10 more minutes. So I gave him 10 more minutes and of course nothing happens, the car never left GPS location where it was at the restaurant.
I cancelled order.They don't deliver which is a definite con for a Chinese food restaurant (which is the only reason I didn't give it five stars). However, I love Chinese food, and they make pretty decent food! Lo mein is VERY important to me - second to air and water.
I have not tried the Japanese food (sushi) yet. Did I mention they sell beer? Hence the name ;)Solid Chinese food with a good selection of craft brews. The lo mein and the general tsos were really good.If you want beer! GO!!!! Cheap take out beer compared to a lot of the other places in the area. 
Food wise!! NEVERRRRRR!!! They constantly have food violations against them. Ate sushi once and it was so gross. Didn't even finish it. Don't do it!!!!!Not a fancy place but they serve their purpose- solid and fast Chinese food, good sushi for prices, large beer selection. Poor table service so probably better as a take out or pick up spot.Food was great! Ordered roasted pork lo mein, general tsos chicken, crab rangoons, & egg rolls. Ordered through uber eats-- super easy. Delivery driver was friendly. Best Chinese food delivery in this area. Will be ordering againHaven't had the food but their extensive take out beer is awesome. Lagunitas IPA for 12$ is amazing!!!! Open past 1am on a weeknight even better.... Get it!To be fair, I'm not much of a Chinese food fan in general - but my boyfriend ordered the special Lo Mein and thought it was pretty good. He said he would definitely be back - as it was the best Chinese cuisine he's had in Philly, though he's had better at other places we've lived. 
I got a couple of sushi rolls and the crab Rangoon wontons. The sushi was really fresh, very well made and some of the best I've had in a long time. I got the tuna roll and  the Fancy roll, which is salmon and avocado topped with spicy tuna.
My food fell more within the 4 star range. I wish there were half stars, but I think atmosphere/environment knocked it down to 3 for me. It felt a little too casual, especially if I'm paying over $40 for a meal for two. Plus they don't offer smaller sizes of the entrees if you eat in.Beer to go, Chinese food, sushi, and a whole lot more all under one roof. Capital Beer has something for everyone which is why I really hope it succeeds.  From Olde English 40's, PBR, and domestics to micro brews and yuppie hipster beers. Dutch master cigars to Newports. Skittles to M&Ms. Burgers, fried chicken, and french fries to General Tso's to sushi. The only thing missing was 1/2" Plexiglas.
There has been a lot of buzz about a place with such an eclectic mix of offerings and the recently opened restaurant, sushi bar, bottle shop was pretty busy when I went for dinner last night. They have a decent amount of seating inside and a small sushi bar. Beer is in display cases behind the counter which is a pain but, well, necessary. They have a good selection, though not as large as Bottle Bar East or the Foodery, and the prices were pretty good.
The food is probably more like 3 stars, nothing horrible and nothing extraordinary. I was surprised by the sushi, I expected the worst but was pleasantly surprised. The Chinese food was the typical take out menu. My lo mein was a little greasy but it's take out Chinese.
Service was decent especially for being so busy. It did take a while to pay the check. But they do use iPads to take orders and square to accept credit cards which is nice. The inside looks to be completely redone and is nice, clean, and updated. They also have a TV displaying the feeds from about as many cameras as the big brother house, which I'm going to say is a good thing.
Like I said, food wise it's more of a 3 star joint, which isn't a bad thing, but given their wide range of offerings and ability to serve multiple needs for townie and hipster alike, I really hope this place does well.Total disgusting don't ever eat here. First it took forever for the food to come out then I found a huge clump of hair in the food.Solid Chinese food and sushi. I ordered via DoorDash and I picked up the food in person. 
I really over-ordered for our party for 2, but I'm happy to have leftovers. This is what we got: Spicy Tuna Roll and Alaskan Roll (good size), Wonton Soup, Pork Fried Dumplings, Szechuan Bean Curd, Chicken Sticks and Pork Fried Rice. All were very good and overall I was impressed.As far as take out Chinese goes in this part of Philly, this is by far my favorite. But it's still not as great as some of the greats in Chinatown, which I'm using as a gauge. Prices are decent and the employees are always friendly. 
I've gotten take-out a few times since they opened when a hankering for takeout Chinese hits. They also have sushi....so the menu is odd in that regard. But the sushi is decent - fantastic but better than what I expected.  To be honest I've only gotten cooked rolls here as I'm a little afraid to get anything raw at a place that is not specifically known for sushi.  
As far as the Chinese side of the menu goes, I've gotten wonton soup, veggie lo mein and sesame shrimp. All were pretty good for take out. 
Big downfall is that they don't deliver. But a bonus (for some) is that they have beer to go (maybe that's why they can't deliver?).
It's good for what it is...fast take-out food.Chinese food is great, sushi could be better. Also they have a great alcoholic beverage selection!  Orders done on time, never waiting around.Got delivery from capital beer through Uber eats. Came exactly on time given the quoted estimate on the app. 
We ordered two tiger rolls, an eel avocado roll and steamed dumplings. The dumplings were awesome. Absolutely perfectly made to my liking with the thicker dumpling as opposed to the softer more flimsy dough covering. The sauce that accompanied it was good as well. Both rolls were great. The tiger roll came with 8 rolls and the eel avocado roll had 6 rolls. They gave us 4 containers of soy sauce. We could have had less containers and more inside each container. 
They gave us two pairs of chopsticks but also there was an empty chopstick paper holder which was odd. They didn't include any fortune cookies but they included plenty of napkins. All in all good experience. Would order again.I feel like I'm in the Twilight Zone reading all of these positive reviews. What is going on here?? I just finished my meal and can't even wait until tomorrow morning to write the review! This is definitely not the answer to our lack of Chinese and sushi restaurants.
All of the food here was absolutely flavorless, served in heaping portions, and mushy. 
The egg roll was seriously filled with kimchi. The inside was pink and tasted like vinegar. When I asked my husband what he thought of it he couldn't put his finger on the weird flavor. When I suggested it tasted like kimchi he was like YES!
The beef with broccoli and the lo mein both tasted like MSG and nothingness. My husband referred to the lo mein as "brown noodles."
The wonton soup was the only marginally edible thing here, but you don't get much in your order, so there's that. 
The sushi was worse than grocery store sushi. The seaweed wrap was in edible in that you couldn't chew it! It wouldn't break up in my mouth. It just basically un-rolled itself while I was chewing. 
The water (yes I'm about to talk about tap water) tasted like plastic. Maybe it was the glass (which wasn't made of glass)? Who knows. 
The waitress was very nice and said "thank you" after every sentence, but she messed up my order and brought me house lo mein instead of just pork. Also, the credit card system is very odd and we didn't get a receipt. 
This joint would be great for beer and convenience store offerings. Please, don't make the mistake we did and eat here. I can't fault them for trying to cover the need, but it's just not good.**This review is for their beer only.**
I stopped in on my way to a BYO dinner to grab some beers and was instantly impressed by their vast beer selection. They carried a good variety of Asian and domestic name brand beers, but they also had some local brewery selections as well. Most importantly, they had my favorite Lindemans Framboise lambic beer (happy dance) which I rarely find in a small beer shop if this sort.  But having said that, the variety doesn't come without a cost--their prices are definitely a bit high. If ever I'm in a pinch for time and needed to pick up some beers, I think I would still come here again.  Their convenient location near me and variety warrant that at least.Surprisingly delicious Chinese food! They have your typical menu options, but the food tastes way better than most places. And having the beer store in there too is awesome. You can pick up a few single IPAs to go with dinner. Highly recommend.Get Chinese food!!! I read a few of these reviews  which prompted me to write this...I love this place it's my go-to Chinese food not just for location but because of quality of service and food. Never got sick in the years since it opened, never found hair  in my wonton (which sounds like a made  up story and I think that picture was staged) if there's an oddball beer I want then they have it or  they'll  get it but they have my standbys usually. Here's a tip if you wanna complain about sushi tho, don't order a cheeseburger at a taco stand, the same way you shouldn't  order sushi from a Chinese/ beer store. These people are nice and the food is good, 
Sweet n Sour Chicken, General Tso's chicken  (ask for extra  crispy)  moo goo gai pan, wonton soup and egg drop soup and lastly chicken with garlic sauce, it doesn't taste garlicky like the title suggests but picture chicken and broccoli with more veggies than just broccoli with a similar sauce that tastes a tiny bit spicier. If you go here  and somehow have a bad experience just go again- not everyone's perfect the first time, and especially if you ordered during a rush-think how many times you dropped the  ball on  a first impression. I  know  you don't have to smile or politely ask how their day is going, no one has to do that but maybe you should, happy people=happy food which = happy people.  anyways if you're new to the area or just passing through eat well and drink well here.Best Chinese I've had in the area. The chow mein was amazing and so was everything else. Will definitely be visiting frequently!Worst place ever.  Delivered the wrong food.  When I called to tell them the error, they said they gave someone else my food. $70 worth of food.  Then she hung up on me.  Order from somewhere else.when it's good, it's great. This is our regular takeout spot even if the food isn't always consistent. The restaurant is super clean and the workers are friendly. Beer selection ain't bad either!This is the best regular-ass Chinese food around.
Sushi, not so great.
They now deliver through Uber Eats!The sushi is lacking but the Chinese food was good. Unfortunately I will never eat here again. One Saturday I call and order food they deliver it it was a little slow but they deliver it that's fine. The very next week I called to make an order and tell them I need delivery. The lady on the phone precedes to tell me that they don't deliver. And now I see if they said we don't deliver anymore. But don't say you don't deliver!!!I did love this place mostly because it was the closest chinese and sushi place in the neighborhood.
Never again. Got food poisoning yesterday 2 hours after eating here. I thought I was going to die. 
You've been warned. Reporting to local agencies today when I recover. 
:(Totally disgusting don't ever eat here. First it took forever for the food to come out then I found a huge clump of hair in the food.Got food delivered and asked for extra sauces (soy sauce and duck sauce), got only 2 packets of soy and no duck sauce. Asked for my chow mein spicy, it was not spicy at all and absolutely no flavor. Also ordered kung pao chicken, chicken had no flavor and the peanuts, carrots, and celery were raw, thrown on top after the fact. Not the best Chinese food I've had.Don't judge a book by it's cover! This place is awesome. I order from capital beer at least 3x a month and Have never been disappointed. The food is excellent, quick service, always hot and fresh, great portions, inexpensive. If you're in the area, don't any other Chinese!!! Love you capital beer!!!Capital Beer is a staple in the area for the consistently good and affordable Chinese food.
The person who answers the phone is always pleasant and positive. Pick up is usually within 15 minutes.If I was rating Chinese food for just  the surrounding neighborhood I would rate Capital Beer 4 stars. It's definitely one of the best places to get Chinese in fishtown/port Richmond area.  
It's definitely better than your run of the mill Chinese take out shop but not as good as similarly priced restaurants in china town. The food actually has a hint of spice or heat when it says it will and the food has always been tasty, delivery has been fast and I'm always eating everything. It's typical American Chinese food.The proportions are huge, enough for two meals. The food was decent but nothing to brag about. The person who picked up the phone was somewhat rude. He asked if I would look up their menu online because I asked if they had a few things. The garlic chicken had a lot of vegetables and not as much flavor as other places I've tried. There is take out beer which I guess offsets the mediocre service and so-so food... Or maybe not.  I will go to other local hot spots next time.Fast delivery and good good every time. It's by no means upscale Chinese food, but it is delicious, generous portions for the price, and great lunch specials. Honestly, what more do you want from tour Christmas Day Chinese dinner??I was looking for a nearby restaurant on UberEats that severed both Chinese and sushi. This was the only restaurant I could fine! I was skeptical- but with these reviews I decided to give it a try. I was very pleasantly surprised! Everything was delicious, no errors, correct amount, etc. 
I was sad to see yelps delivery rate was higher than uber eats or else I would have gotten it delivered through yelp. Now coming back to review- I am a little nervous that the business is unclaimed AND the health score is super low  for separate orders of sushi and Chinese I will go elsewhere because of this health score, but if both are wanted I will order again?!I get their sushi and Chinese food all the time. I'm rating this in comparison to the other neighborhood Chinese places. I usually get the spicy tuna roll and avocado salmon roll with a side of seaweed salad. It's consistently delicious and fresh. I like that they put a lot of vegetables in their vegetable fried rice and not just peas and carrots. If you drink beer, they also have a wide selection of microbrews and even a few kinds of wine.Best Chinese food I've had in a long time. Always fresh and quality ingredients. My #1 pick is the wonton soup! Best wonton soup in philly, hands down!I ordered 4 things, 2 of the 4 ended up being wrong. On top of that, my friend ordered spare rib tips and they were all bone. Not going backThey have big selection of beers, and its soo cheap, btw,the food was great too!!I was extremely skeptical of this place as I walked by. I decided to give it a try.
I am glad I did. I'm not going to say it was the best food I've ever had, but the lunch special was cheap and quick, came out piping hot, and had flavor. I was able to snag a cheap beer and lunch for less than $10. 
I'm absolutely coming back here.