Terrible, terrible service. Entitled hipsters who confuse orders, give attitude, and ruin customer's experience. The new manager is also frumpy and has awful music taste; think awful 50s - 80s rock/reggae music that's disappeared for a reason, but blared close to full volume. Softer, more neutral music would be greatly appreciated. Terrible consistency with orders too, they don't have consistent standards with coffee etc.
Customers are mostly Penn students, business types who interact with the school (recruiters from NYC etc) and visitors to the area. It's almost as if the staff feel some kind of insecurity or have pride issues serving almost always polite patrons. 
Gelato is pretty good and coffee is pretty good but can be sloppily made (I.e mix your own iced latte). Also slimmed down portion sizes and got rid of the bar. The place has a great location and nice open feel to it, but so much potential is lost because of really shitty staff with terrible attitudes. So many frequent customers but the staff make no effort to get to know them (and trust me, they try). I can't emphasise enough how much the staff and manager need to change.The service is always on point and the coffee is the best.  Not to mention the great snacks and sandwhiches.  They put alot of hard work and time into making this place a great neighborhood spot.The No. 1 gelato in the WORLD? In Philadelphia? You've gotta be kidding me.... 
As someone who has studied abroad in Italy, I was skeptical when my long-lost college friend and her fiance brought me to Capogiro.  But boy am I glad they took me here....I was dead wrong to question this place!
I'm usually a strawberry and chocolate kind of girl, so perusing the selection of flavors I was disappointed not to see a single berry flavor.  But then I caught a sign that said "Avocado (trust us...)", and being the avocado lover that I am, asked for a sample.  IT WAS AMAZEBALLS.  Seriously.  I ordered a small cone with Avocado & Nutella (you can never go wrong with nutella anything), and I can hands down say that this was the best gelato I've ever had. Creamy, smooth, and packed with refreshing flavor :)
Only complaint is that a small cone costs $5....for a poor med student, it's a steep price for some sweet indulgence!Great dessert place after eating a great meal downtown.  The selections vary but you can get any gelato that your heart and tastebuds desire.  I got the bitter almond and sweet Amish milk,  it was great combo and rich milky gelato.  
Skip the mediocre dessert at the restaurants and get some top class frozen gelato.The best way I can summarize Capogiro is that it's a great luxury dessert. Small portions with phenomenal taste. You don't eat Capogiro's for sustenance or to fill up, you eat it simply to enjoy the taste. 
I think Capogiro's real strength is that it manages to create great texture without compromising the integrity of flavor. 
That said, my absolute favorite is the pomelo/grapefruit. Very sweet and tangy without tasting artificial at all.The staff is so so sweet and friendly and really makes this place as fantastic as it is. The coffee is great, and their amazing grilled cheese and baked goods make for a great afternoon bite. They have a good selection of tea and a great atmosphere -- also try their pizza place Capo Fitto in old city if you want a fabulous dinnerMmm, in all actuality, I give this place a 3.5, but a 4 it is. The person working was very generous with samples and in the end I decided on nutella and dulce de leche. Oh. Man. I went back for the avocado the next day, but lo and behold, they change out their flavors daily. Wow. I got the chocolate and hazelnuts (I was still craving a nutella-esque flavor) and sweet amish milk (!!) instead. Divine. Woe that it's $5 a pop for the smallest size. I'm on vacation, though, and if I can't blow inordinate amounts of money on frosty treats now, especially ones that taste this good, when can I? Run, don't walk.I feel like everyone at Penn has had a coffee chat at Capo sometime through either a club or a recruiting event, but to be honest, outside of these subsidized occasions, I rarely came for dessert or coffee. While the gelato flavors are admittedly always unique and creative and delicious, I just never felt justified in spending so much for what it was that I got.
When it isn't crammed with student groups or recruiting events, the location itself is a nice place to get some work done and people-watch along that block of Walnut.Oh man, it's a good thing Capogiro didn't open until before my senior year, otherwise I would have blown so much more money on their tasty (but pricey) gelato.
First things first: the gelato is truly incredible. They have a huge selection of rotating flavors, and the flavors tend to match with what's seasonal, so you will have stuff like Pumpkin and Chestnut in the winter and fruity stuff and berries in the summer. However, they do have a fairly stable core of flavors like Nocciola Piemontese (Hazelnut), Fior Di Latte (Milk), and Cioccolato Scuro (Dark Chocolate) that are available most days. They will let you sample as many flavors as you would like before you place your order, so take advantage of that if you don't know what you want (or, if you already know what you want, if you just want some free samples). Since I love pretty much anything that has peanut butter in it, one of my favorite flavors was the Peanut Butter gelato, which was peanut gelato with a swirl of peanut butter mixed in - SO GOOD. Others that I really liked include Bacio (chocolate and hazelnut gelato with caramelized hazelnuts; it tastes like Nutella with crunchy hazelnuts tossed in for good measure), Chocolate Scuro (seriously dark and rich, this is the gelato of any chocolate lover's dreams), and Turkish Coffee (a really perky coffee flavor with a hint of cardamom giving it a nice kick), but really, I don't think I ran into a flavor that I didn't like. They also have some rather interesting flavors using alcohol and rums - Cucumber with Grey Goose, Dark and Stormy, etc. 
Okay, so I really love the gelato here, but honestly, the prices are pretty steep. It costs close to $6 for a medium cup, and even though the medium lets you get your choice of up to 3 different flavors, that's still a really expensive cup of gelato. Oh well, I guess you get what you pay for, as the quality ingredients used in the top-notch gelato here make it worthwhile to come here for an occasional splurge.Discovered this place as a new Philly transplant. I love how the gelato flavors change daily, and always such a wide selection. Definitely one of my new favorite sweet destinations!Better than most. Unique flavors, but just not the same as  what you had in Italy.  Its not bad for a casual snack but don't expect to be blown away by the flavors.The dulce de leche gelato is absolutely fantastic, except when paired with Brooklyn Brown Ale.
The cones are nice, but not as amazing as you would think, considering that they are handmade in France and smuggled into the US by pre-pubescent teens that are summarily executed if even one cone is cracked.*
There is nothing emasculating about having another man buy you ice cream. Especially if you call him Daddy for the rest of the day. I swear. 
__________
*I may have made part of this up.While I didn't think the pistachio was anything terribly spectacular, the thai coconut milk flavor was more than fantastic enough to make up for it - so much so that I'm desperately trying to find a way to get something similar back on the west coast.
I also wished we had planned out our choices better - between the three of us I think we ended up with four flavors.  The dark chocolate was pretty good, but I'm not much of a fan of cold and chocolate together in the first place so I don't think I can make a fair judgment there.  We also tried pineapple mint, which might have been a limited-time-only deal. If you are lucky enough to stumble across it, though, I would highly recommend it.The place is decent, but a bit on the pricey side. The iced mocha was okay, but a bit bland in my opinion. I did enjoy the Big Toast with nutella; that hit the spot for a basic morning meal. I may stop by and give their gelato a shot if I am in this area.Good gelato but the coffee was just okay (I expected something better). The beans and milk can be better.I've had gelato before, I've had water ice, icies, slurpies, slushies, Italian ices, ice creams, and really this place is definitely on my list of favorite frozen treats. If you've never had gelato and you like to savor your ice cream using small bites, this place is for you.
This gelato is delicious - very smooth and either rich or light depending on the flavor. I had the dark chocolate which was like eating chocolate cake batter. It was a little overwhelmingly sweet for my taste, but still very good. I have the coconut milk one as well which was creamy and was definitely the defining characteristic of gelato: smooth and refreshingly rich. The last and most surprising flavor was the grapefruit. It was my absolute favorite and I am very happy that I picked it. It was tangy, yet creamy and very smooth. I found it to be incredibly refreshing and light and definitely a worthy flavor. 
The flavors were reminiscent of European ice cream shop soft-serve flavors, which was very nostalgic. 
What I did not like: the price. It was just way too much. Sure they use quality ingredients and it is locally made, and it's trendy and a nice spot- but really? $7 for a medium (which is equivalent to about half a cup.) Not a place that I would go every day, that's for sure. Definitely much better quality than the over-priced LA-NYC chain Pinkberry (I'm only comparing the two because of price otherwise they really have nothing in common.)
What it is good for: If it's a hot night and you're with-in a five block radius and have a group of friends - everyone is destined to find something they like there.Cute gelato place. One of our go-tos. The staffs are very attentive for people who want to try different flavors - thats part of the fun! I always just go for a chocolate with fruit combo. It never fails me either.I was going to give Capogiro 4 stars but changed it to 5 for one practical reason and another more romantic reason. First of all, let's get the basics out of the way: the gelato is really good, the service is swift, and the place is clean, bright, and delightful. The gelato isn't quite as good as at Pitango Gelato (our favorite in the DC area) but it's extremely good all the same. Their banana chocolate flavor is particularly excellent! So, based on the gelato, Capogiro gets 4 stars.
But it's rated higher in my estimation because, first, it has lots of seating, inside and out, and free wifi. Ice cream, coffee, and free wifi? If I could marry it, I'd be on my knee in half a second. The more romantic reason for rating it higher, though, is that the place is built on the site of an old Baskin Robbins at which yours truly worked for a summer when I was courting my beloved (my future wife, not Gold Medal Ribbon ice cream...though that rated very high in my affections at the time, too, because I essentially lived on the stuff, being a poorly-paid itinerant). It's extremely pleasing to see a fancy ice cream store here now. It's like it and I have matured whimsically together.
Highly recommended, but do visit Pitango if you're ever in DC.This is a great place for ice cream, food, or even a drink.  The scene is on again / off again, but the staff are super helpful, and everything I've ever gotten here is delicious.  There is ample indoor and outdoor seating.  This is my favorite Capo G in the city.Let's start with the negative.  It is mobbed during the school year, especially at lunch time.  The prices are insane, I mean a 16oz. frappe for $6.78 tax included?!?!  The bar service is slow.  People act like tourists inside, milling around like it's their first time out of doors and there is no organization to the queue.
But the positive makes up for all of that.  The gelato is fantastic and the flavors are constantly rotated.  If you go this week, and then again next week, you will not see the same selection.  I have never had a "bad" gelato here.  The texture is correct, the flavors are creative and interesting, and it's not too rich.  Grab an affogato (drowned) which is gelato with a shot of espresso poured over it and revel in the decadence.  Frappes are great. 
 If you are depressed or lonely or unhappy, this place will remind you that, indeed, there is good in this world.  
I never tried any sandwiches or lunches here because I think the gelato is enough to calorically sustain me until dinner.I will gladly pay $5 for two smallish scoops of gelato. However, what I had here was not gelato. Too icy and airy. Gelato is creamy and dense.
My semantic quibble could have been redeemed by flavor. Unfortunately, there wasn't much. Actually, the pistachio was completely flavorless. The sesame seed had a nice nuttiness, but wasn't nearly sweet enough to classify it as a great sesame seed dessert. 
The space itself has a nice ambiance and plenty of seating including an outdoor patio that is probably great for people watching. I would gladly meet friends here for coffee (assuming Capogiro doesn't miss the mark there too). But even if someone else was buying, I wouldn't partake of the gelato again. Too disappointing.My review is biased. I only tried 3 flavors. 
Decor: 4/5
-lots of seating
-some of the tables might be sticky from gelato
Service: 3/5
-only one guy serving gelato and checking out.
-Expect a wait especially when you can have samples
Gelato: 4.5/5
-There are just so many flavors that I wanted to sample them all
-Jamaican coffee caught my eye and it had a strong coffee taste. If you're a coffee lover, I'd recommend the Jamaican coffeeWe came to cap off our dinner with a bit of gelato for dessert. All of the flavors in the display case looked so delicious and inviting, that I couldn't decide what to choose. Luckily, the worker was kind enough to humor me and allow me to try a few samples, and to ask a lot of silly questions, before deciding.
We were told that all of the gelato was made from milk from an Amish farm in Lancaster County, and that the sweet Amish milk flavor is the base they use for all of the other gelato flavors. Because there was so much to pick from, we ended up asking which flavors we should get. He suggested gooseberry if we wanted to get something local that we can't get elsewhere, or strawberry since they're in season and from Lancaster County... I ended up with miniature cup of toasted almond and strawberry terragon, and they were delicious. Before filling up my cup, he asked if I liked terragon and gave me a sample to make sure that I'd be happy with my choice.
I also requested to top my gelato with free panna per the sign on the counter, not exactly knowing what it was... it's whipped cream. A friend said that the panna here was amazing, but I didn't care for it and could have done well enough with just the gelato, instead.
All in all, I enjoyed my gelato and I appreciated the good customer service! Too bad it's a little expensive... and that I live in Los Angeles.The atmosphere is very modern without feeling cold. Good music, good vibes. The coffee is great and the gelato is to die for, so many great flavors!
I ordered a small gelato with blueberries and cream with coconut, and I think I could've eaten a warehouse full of it, so delicious! The iced coffee is refreshing and well-brewed. 
The reason I will not come back here is the sandwich. I ordered a BLT, and watched the staff member cover it in aluminum foil and nuke it. Its the prettiest microwaved sandwich I have ever had, but I'm currently sitting here with a sandwich I've eaten 1/4 of because it's soggy and warm where it shouldn't be - the lettuce and the tomatoes are HOT. Not just warm, but hot. It's actually really vile.
So although the coffee and gelato are great, I'm concerned about the process of food preparation here if they're selling microwaved garbage for $7.50.Best cappuccino I've ever had and of course the gelato is amazing. I would have given it a 5 star but I had to wait a long time for the barista to set up the gelato station and he didn't seem to be in a hurry AT ALL, even seeing that I was waiting with a small child.The gold standard of Philadelphia Gelato arrives in West Philly! Truth be told, I've never been too clear on what gelato is, and I'm even Italian. Isn't it just thick ice cream? 
Whatever it is, Capogiro does it better than right and this new location is no exception. The flavors and selection seemed in line with what you would expect; of course, they are all delicious. There were a lot of people working there for a Wednesday night, probably because it just opened, but the staff was very friendly and eager to get the small crowd of customers to try out some flavors. It should also be noted that this location has a liquor license and has beer and wine available... or at least I saw a beer tap, I'm not sure if they've flipped the switch on that portion of the business as of this writing. The space is nice inside and there a few seats, but there's also a cement courtyard area that's part of the enclosing apartment building where you can sit on the steps away from traffic and chow down on your $5 gelato. 
I think this Capogiro is a great addition to the growing 40th and Walnut area and just as Chipotle turned the nearby Q'doba into a ghost town, I expect the superior Capogiro to do the same to the poorly run Ben & Jerry's down the street.Their lattes are quite good but sometimes not consistent depending on who makes it and if they use whole milk. Most of the time it is cold which is a bummer. Pastries are so-so. Service is also so-so and generally quite slow. Their paninis, especially the prosciutto and the tomato mozzarella, are yummy if they haven't run out or if they've actually made them for the day. Gelato is mediocre - definitely not the best in the world as they claim. Also melts easily.The gelato is obviously the highlight here. Every flavor I've ever gotten here has always been top notch. Great after dinner spot to wind down and relax with plenty of outdoor seating.
The guy who took our order was extremely friendly and very helpful describing all the different flavors to us.The Best! 
I don't normally eat dairy, but this place is so amazing, I can't resist.  It truly is the best gelato I have ever had! 
Maybe one day they will have vegan or coconut milk options.i really only come here because i work so close by. aside from their delicious affogato, i've also had good lunches here (try their anti-pasti salad bowl!). oh, and the gelato is good here *duh!Dear Capogiro, 
This time you really got me. It's the middle of winter and it's colder than a witch's tata so do I really want gelato? Honestly, yes I do, but the reasonable person in me says, "no." So, instead I decided to get a latte and the boy went for a combo of the gelato-espresso special. 
You have won over that last star, Capogiro. That was a perfect latte and that espresso gelato thing was like fireworks in your mouth. It was the dark chocolate gelato with hot espresso poured over it and it was served with whipped cream (not the fake canned stuff, either!)
It was incredible and reasonably priced, too, which I found surprising. 
One word: Ambrosia. 
I would also like to add that their happy hour specials and beers on tap are also reasonably priced and they offer a decent selection. 
Thanks and much love, 
AddictedI think this is one of the most overrated places in University City. Their gelato simply isn't good enough to justify the very high prices they charge. It wasn't bad in any way, but was not spectacular either. I think it is over $5 for a small, which wasn't very much gelato.I had always thought of Capogiro as just a gelato place, but it actually has a lot of other great things on the menu.  The gelato is definitely the main offering, and is always good.  They have a large selection of flavors, and I've loved everything I've had (coconut and burnt sugar stand out in particular).  We often get afogatos (espresso over gelato), and since Capogiro has both awesome gelato and awesome coffee, it's really delicious.
Their coffee really is superb, and it's always made with such care.  Their skim lattes taste almost as good as whole milk lattes at other places!  The bagels (which are rumored to be trucked in from NYC on a daily basis) are excellent, and the cream cheese is definitely something special.  Nothing store bought about it - I'm always so disappointed when you order a bagel and it's accompanied by a packet of Philadelphia cream cheese.  This is the real stuff - creamy, but light, and not a hint of sour taste.  
The staff is always really nice, and there's plenty of seating!After many, many visits to Capo these past three and a half years, I'm finally ready to write a review. 
It's on the pricier side, but I'm always completely satisfied when I leave. The flavors are always crazy and unique; alongside the standard flavors, I've seen whiskey sour, cactus pear, concord grape, bourbon butterscotch, avocado, and thai coconut milk. They have a great rotation, so even if you find yourself in need of some gelato despite having just visited a few days ago ( ...or yesterday), there are always new flavors to try. 
The staff is great with samples and are always cheerful. In terms of general ambiance, it can get noisy sometimes with recruiting or university events, but it's usually manageable enough that I can bring friends who are visiting Philadelphia here to catch up. Some reviewers have complained about the service, but I've never had subpar service, nor have I ever been chased off the premises after finishing my gelato.
In terms of the other menu items, I'm usually too distracted thinking about which gelato flavors I want to try to consider ordering something else. I've enjoyed a latte or two from Capo, but unless it's late in the evening, I usually prefer to grab one from Hubbub.Always love coming to this place for high-quality gelato. A lot of reviews will complain about the price - about $5-6 for a small - but I'd justify that you're definitely getting what you're paying for.
Top flavors I've tried so far include chocolate bacio (chocolate and hazelnut with candied hazelnuts), tiramisu,  peanut butter stracciatella (PB speckled with chocolate), and pistachio. Just be mindful that sometimes, the flavors listed on their website may not be provides at the actual location.delicious, air conditioned, outdoor seating, and rich flavors. these are the highlights. ample of indoor and outdoor seating. i loved the hazlenut and peanut butter & chocolate flavors.I will pay through the nose for capogiro gelato. But 1.50 for a tiny container of cream cheese? On top of the cost of the bagel? If it were gelato cream cheese, fine. But it was 2 tablespoons of plain, run of the mill cream cheese. What a rip off.Im from italy. Ive been here in the US since I was 7... this place is amazing .... not a lot of seating...but as close to a genuine italian gelato place as could be .  The flavors change every day . Staff was curteous .. cant wait to go backQuality, creamy gelato in West Philly. I think the chocolate- and coffee-based flavors are best, but I also think that's just a consequence of my personal preference. The coconut milk gelato is also pretty great, but it melts quickly If you're looking for lighter flavors, I'd order a sorbet, which is usually also pretty flavorful. The only major downside to Capo is that it's pretty expensive. I think I ordered a two-flavor gelato cup that came out to over $5. The drinks aren't cheap, either.
FYI, you need to thaw their ice cream sandwiches for a bit. I definitely bent one of their forks trying to stab the sandwich last time. Also, I've never successfully connected to their wi-fi. All in all, Capo is a good place to chat/catch up at night (closes around 11PM if I'm not mistaken) over some gelato.
Tl;dr: Good gelato but pricey.For my first trip to Philadelphia, I knew that I absolutely HAD to visit Capogiro because of its "#1 gelato in the world" ranking by national geographic magazine. The decor of the restaurant was  festive and I enjoyed their lanterns and lights. After sampling a few flavors, I decided to go with the hazlenut-chocolate gelato. Initially, I expected this to taste like nutella, but was surprised when it didn't. Instead it had a nutty flavor with a hint of cocoa, which I  enjoyed. However, though this gelato was flavorful and soft, I felt like it was lacking something. Being a chocolate lover, I expected more of a body and richness to the gelato which I did not get. That being said, if you are in the area, I would definitely give Capogiro a try!The gelato have Unique & rich flavors which you could explore by imaginations. Though you would find some flavors taste similar and are sweetened over the top. MOST employees there are friendly but one interaction with a female employee really disappointed my clients and I. She was EXTREMELY impatient as my clients were deciding on the flavors. We were curious about how excellent could "the best gelato in the world" (by Nat Geo) be? And the service was disappointing.The gelato here is very good but it's a bit overpriced. The pistachio flavor and chocolate cappuccino are both so good. They also give tons of free samples. The gelato here is extremely creamy so i like the textureThe gelato is solid. The atmosphere is not.  If you're in the mood to stop in to a cafe, sample a few different flavors, pick your fave combination (I love the ciocolatto scuro), spend $5 on a small, and leave, Capogiro is a really good choice. If you want to hang around for a nice date or to get some good coffeeshop work done, it's not. The music is loud and hipster-ey. The lattes are good and the teas are okay, but the coffee is bitter. The service is also pretty questionable; it takes anywhere from 3 minutes (on a good day) to 15 minutes (on a bad day) between ordering your drink and having the staff put it on the bar and yell out your order. I like the free wireless but hate the lack of outlets. All that said, my biggest issue with Capogiro? The floors make this loud, *awful* noise when you slide your chair back. It sends chills up my spine.  Really good gelato, though.When National Geographic listed the top ten places for ice cream on the planet and ranked Capogiro #1, it became apparent that their editorial staff had only visited a total of 10 ice cream parlors in the world. These guys don't come close to Sorveteria Sokoro in São Paulo, let alone half the gelato joints in Italy that they're trying to emulate. But okay, since you are in Philly, why not? Me, I just want more dairy-free.This is as good as it gets for gelato, sorbetto, etc outside of Italy.  Their service can be slow and indifferent for coffee etc..but damn the cold goods rock.Love love love their gelato! My mom insists we come here every time she visits. Their coffee is also quite good. It's rather expensive but very worth it as a special treat.This place is pretty much the worst. They run out of sandwich ingredients like they're going out of business (wouldn't that be nice), the staff is either mindless or just outright rude, and they haven't figured out how to use wax paper - sandwiches will stick to foil and you'll loose half of it.
Just don't go.
The gelato is good. I added a star for it.Very busy and a little noisy.  Excellent soups.  Hearty and warm. Delicious bread. Love the variety of sweets as well.Best gelato I have had in Philly! To be clear, I believe this is one of the locations that makes the gelato on-site. I have been to the Capogiro on East Passyunk and they have their gelato delivered from the main stores...it is really such a travesty because it completely messes with the consistency. And consistency is KEY when it comes to gelato. 
This place though? Never had any issues. The gelato is creamy and delicious every. darn. time. 
Yes it's pricey, we know.
But if you're a fan of gelato, you're going to be paying about the same amount as you would for Ben & Jerry's, so you might as well go to the gelato place instead.  Plus, even when you get a small they really pile it into the cup. I must say my favorite combo is the Mocha and Dark Chocolate. Amazing.
Plus, the staff is so friendly and I appreciate that a lot. There is ample seating for studying, or meeting with friends, or just sitting by yourself and enjoying some gelato after a hard day...because I do that a lot. and the best part is, no one has ever judged me for it!
this place is the best!They don't have almond milk, so I've stopped coming here for coffee, but their espresso is pretty good on its own! 
Gelato flavors are unmistakeable -- a citrus-flavored gelato will be perfectly citrusy, a nutty gelato will be perfectly nutty. Gelato lovers will find heaven here, although I might prefer their affogato because I'm never satisfied with ice cream portions ever.Rosemary Honey Goat Milk, Champagne Mango, Caribbean Sunrise Papaya, and Lime with Cilantro have been our latests favorites. Capogiro really has some of the creamiest, delectable gelato you may ever try outside of Italy. Fortunately for us, it's easily accessible, and they have 4 locations around the city! How we don't come in every time we walk by, I really have no idea - but the reality is, we can only resist for so long! If you come and try you'll get hooked too! But just do yourself a favor and just come in and get you some!Poor poor poor. That's how my wallet feels but also how the service was! After ordering two scoops of Matcha and their dark chocolate flavor, I imagine it would be refreshing after being outside playing soft and it was to a certain degree. What left me a bitter taste in my mouth was the cashier's service.
For such a more expensive price, I imagine the service to match. It did not. It feel beyond measure. I politely ask for spoons for my friends and the cashier slammed, yes slammed, his hand into the bucket of spoons and handled one to me. I did ask for some spoons since only one of my friends was with me and I had more friends waiting for me outside that I wanted to try their gelato flavors. He handled me one by one angrily.
For the level of service and price he gave me, I could've just went to the McDonald's down the block and received more ice cream and the same level of service. 
Overall, I'll stick to my McDonald's! The ice cream was alright. The matcha tasted ok but the dark chocolate was definitely alot better.Came here after a meal at a restaurant nearby. They were friendly and let us sample as many as we wanted! We ended up getting the mexican chocolate (really spicy) and hazelnut gelato. I was a little sad cause we ended up getting more of the mexican chocolate than the hazelnut gelato (it was like 20/80).
Good gelato, never fails.Best gelato in the U.S! I have been to Italy and lived in Spain, and I haven't had better tasting gelato than at Capogiro. When you walk in, the decor makes you feel like you're in Europe. At first, I thought it was just a gelato place. Then, the friendly man behind the counter informed me that they also had an espresso and alcohol bar! If that doesn't satisfy every craving... 
The first time I went I had the dark chocolate and lemon. Dark chocolate gelato just like what I tasted in Rapalo, Italy, and the lemon was so refreshing-- not too sweet either. The second time I had nutella and grapefruit. Both were delicious, but I don't recommend this flavor combo. I just couldn't resist trying both flavors!
Last time, I went to Capogiro for a drink. The beers were a little pricey, so I thought I'd spend the extra $1.50 and get a raspberry daiquiri, made with raspberry gelato, white rum, and lemon juice. It was so pretty that I took a picture! Our server also mentioned that the milk used for the gelato comes from Lancaster County and the flavors are seasonal and the fruit is locally sourced. I will definitely be back to Capogiro soon.I go here for the coffee on any given weekday, which I believe is expertly brewed, considering I order mine black and notice imperfections typically hidden by loads of sugar and cream. The only thing I can critique is the snobbery of some employees. Perhaps working at Capogiro's deserves more acknowledgement, and the baristas/gelato scoopers feel their worth shirked by unappreciative, poorly tipping customers.
But if you want gelato that's beyond compare, this is the place to go. You will not be disappointed!Woot wooot!!!! Dulce de LECHE FTW!
Great place to hang out with friends and chat till the wee hours of the night. After 8pm, Walnut street is free parking, so no need to keep track of time or set an alarm to refill the meter.
The only issue is people just loitering in front of the case. I'm a short person, so I had to walk around them a few times to see what other flavors were offered in the display case. Also, why can't people decide what they want?!?!?! Else get samples.... others decisive people WANT gelato, so get out of the way OR stand to the side!!!!!Very friendly and attentive staff. I think that paying $5 for a small gelato (granted it's two flavors) is kinda expensive. I had the pineapple mint and the papaya. Both of which were really creamy and rich. It's tasty, but I would probably come here once every blue moon.I've been to Capogiro many, many times since I started college. What people don't usually know is that Capo has some pretty good lunch food too. 
Gelato: Very, very good. I really love the flavors and options. I love that they let you taste some before you buy it. It IS a little pricey but if you don't have it very often, it's perfectly fine. My favorites are pistachio and hazelnut. 
Lunch: I'm a vegetarian so sometimes it's hard to find a good veggie friendly sandwich. I really love their hummus, cucumber, tomatoes and pepper sandwich. SO GOOD!
Drinks: Okay, so I'm not actually a big fan of their drinks, hence the lower rating. I just really don't think they're that good. I don't know why. 
Ambiance: Love it. It's so cool, warm, hip and a great place to hang out. I wouldn't necessarily study there since there are people who just hang around and talk and there are some background music. Definitely a great place to just hang out. 
Service: The people are friendly, nice and polite. They aren't super chipper but they get the job done. I'm not one for chitchatting. 
Overall, I think Capogiro is a good place to hangout and spend time with people. I would recommend coming here with friends at least once in your lifetime.This place has not gotten any better. It should not be 6.75 for a "large" iced coffee and a tiny bagel. Also for an artisan place, you should update your seats because they have rips and tears in them. The coffee was overly bitter, so I tossed it. They are not worth the inflated cash for basic food I can get at a mom and pop coffee shop.I've never been disappointed with my choices at Capogiro. Everything tastes so good! I would recommend it any day, and suggest to try anything even if you think you might not like it. You'd be surprised.It is sad to say that despite the past three years I have lived in University City I have never tried Capogiro until today. The gelato is delicious! I do not like particularly sweets, but I find the gelato to have a perfect balance of rich creaminess and sweetness. 
However, the service was not on par as usual today. The servers were somewhat impatient and rushed my party, I don't think they were able to thoroughly sample their choices so no one in my party was particularly satisfied with the flavor combination.Authentiques glaces italiennes, parfums assez surprenants mais délicieux tels que litchi, rangoustan, chaï (à se damner).
On paie au poids et c'est plus cher que ce qu'on peut trouver au hasard d'une rue mais c'est vraiment de la qualité.Really expensive, really small portions, but really worth it. Capogiro gelato is to be slowly enjoyed with their minuscule sized 'spoons'. This is my favorite dessert in Philly. Granted I am no gelato expert but the flavors are intense and the ice cream very smooth. They also have a very natural flavor taste, not artificial flavor taste. This is especially noticeable with the mint flavor as it tastes like mint I just picked from the garden. Plus, they let you sample flavors and they are very patient with letting me sample nearly every flavor before making up my mind.Yummy gelato but really bad work environment most of the time. The waiters play really loud yelling music and turn it up as it gets later. As a Penn student I've tried to work here because it's so close but never could unfortunately :( try green line on 40th for a better work environment. Also the food is pretty over priced but the gelato is worth it.A nice spot to sit and work - I came early on a Sunday and basically had the place to myself. I just got a bagel and tea so the food was pretty standard. A little bummed they ran out of the veggie cream cheese but that was my only complaint really.Capogiro made my life when they moved into the ground floor of the Radian. Amazing gelato PLUS a bar with happy hour specials? Yes, please!
The cucumber and Grey Goose sorbetto is absolutely phenomenal if you, like me, adore the flavor of (nearly) unadulterated cucumber. And vodka makes everything better, so who can argue with that?
The seating here is good too, with outdoor tables and some comfy couch-bench-things in the back.When I asked my roommate whether she preferred gelato, ice cream or frozen yogurt, I was shocked to find out she never tried gelato before. So I proceeded to yelp the nearest gelato location and took her here ASAP. We walked over, ordered pistachio, bacio and Thai coconut. All of the flavors were yummy and creamy. Out of the three flavors, I liked coconut best even though I loved the crunch of the nuts from the other two flavors. My roommate enjoyed it, even saying she prefers this to ice cream (although froyo is still her number one). I know gelato tends to be pricey, but it still hurt when a small serving was about $4-5. 
I am proud to say that I took my roommie's gelato-ginity.Cute little place on/near UPENN's campus and not too far from Drexel University.
This place is alive at night (there's a bar on top).  My cousins and I went here for some gelato and to take a quick rest stop before heading back to the car and back on the road to Jersey.  Their gelato is so creamy and delightful, definitely a good pick me up from a long day.  You see plenty of people pass by, everyone having conversations, students walking around, cops walking around, it's a pretty safe neighborhood minus the bums that ask you for change. But it brought me back to the Chicago environment I'm used to.Really good gelato.. but other than that they even know what kind of a cafe they are. They are definitely trying to be a cute coffee shop where people sit down for hours and read, but at the same time they are offering happy hours every evening..Decoration is a little bit cold, wooden chairs/tables could have been a better choice of furniture. Since there are no other alternatives on campus I use capagiro as a coffee shop  but they just covered their outlets so i am not sure if they want people come and sit there of hours..I came here with my friend and ordered a medio gelato that included strawberry and cream, lychee and mango. It was definitely worth every penny and tastes so delicious much better than the ones I've tasted. Thank you! I will definitely come back for another visit :)I went back again recently and it was delicious, as usual, with very courteous service even though I was there with my party of 3 and a relatively busy hour and we requested a couple of flavors to try.Capogiro is honestly such a great establishment. I'm not sure I've found gelato in NYC I love as much as I love Capogiro (thus I've resorted to buying pints of Talenti gelato instead) and I was so excited to get Capo when I visited campus again this past weekend.
The gelato here is extremely refreshing and unique. The flavors rotate fairly frequently, to the point where I've come here multiple days during the week and see new flavors every day. the shop itself is extremely clean and very modern. The staff is friendly and allow you to try as many flavors as you want. A small is around $5 and can hold two different flavors. Honestly, you can't come in here and NOT find a flavor you like. It's impossible.
My favorite flavors include blood orange (a seasonal flavor that blows my mind every time--Talenti blood orange gelato just isn't as good... I miss Capogiro dearly), Mexican coffee, lemon for those hot summer days, dark chocolate, mango, grapefruit, and pretty much almost every other fruit flavor / chocolate / coffee flavor.
Great place to catch up with friends, go on a cute date, etc.I've been here several times and was hungry for lunch after going to library to pick up my reserved book. I was almost going to get a sandwich next door and then I saw tables available. I ordered soup, which comes with bread, a vegetarian panini - mozzarella, pesto, tomato. yum! They also serve La Colombe Coffee, which excites me so you can get as many refills as your little heart desires or can handle.  They also serve homemade gelato, which is really good and have free wifi. so you can sit and linger if you can get a table. They even have a bar which serves alcoholic beverages. Cool, cafe. I prefer this location over center city because I feel this one caters to students and they let you linger....I'd actually give Capo 2.5 stars, but that's not possible on here and I'm not willing to jump up to 3. Here's why - Capo is insanely OVERRATED. It's expensive for such small portions. I mean, 5 dollars for two measly scoops of gelato? 
Not worth it.
On another note, they have just about the grumpiest staff imaginable. I mean, its one thing to have to fork over 5 dollars (no pun intended), but to have to give it to a staff that could seriously care less about your business is even more disappointing. When asked what his flavor of gelato was by a friend of mine, one prominent staff member retorted 'Honestly, it really doesn't matter what my favorite flavor is.' 
Convenient place to study, but not worth a special trip - that's fosho.Summary: Gelato heaven, pricey!
Pricey for sure, but definitely worth it. It's less crowded and busy than some of the other locations, and is located smack in the middle of UPenn's campus, with City Tap House, the Rave movie theater, and some other fantastic places nearby.
Capagiro has some of the most unique and awesome flavors that I've ever come across. As I write this review, I'm enjoying my pint of mixed grapefruit and papaya gelato. Unfortunately, it ran me over 11$, but I personally feel that it is ABSOLUTELY worth it. Just giving the warning, though.
Come here with a friend as a nice ending to a day, bring a date here, or just bring your laptop and use the free wi-fi to study - the choices are endless. If you're in Philadelphia, however, Capagiro is an absolute must-visit!I was charged $13.57 for two small gelatos. Not sure why. They don't answer their phone.I've never been to Italy, but I hope to go one day (thanks to Julia Roberts in Eat, Pray, Love.. really, I want to eat gelato all.day.long.) This gelato place is nowhere near Italy. In fact, it's really close to UPenn, so if I were a Penn student, I'd be careful... this place is dangerously good and enticing! 
Anyway, Capogiro Gelato, you are close... even though you aren't my absolutely favorite gelato place. You are very close and I can probably eat you all.day.long. I ordered pistachio paired with Straciatella (Italian-style Chocolate Chip Ice Cream). Oh, delish. Definitely, no doubt, delish. For a small, it's about $5.. yes, definitely steep $$, but I think it's worth it. However, keep in mind, this is someone who loves ice-cream, gelato, sweet treats in general.. and always has room in her stomach for sweet things.
There's plenty of seating in the store, so don't rush this gelato experience. Enjoy it. Eat your gelato. Have another. Or if you're done with sweets, have some coffee to balance off the sweet.Great in a "2-visits-in-1-day" sort of way!  Easy walk from the Inn at Penn.
Cappuccinos are served traditionally, so don't come here asking for a gigantic 24oz mug.  Loved the cappuccino and the macchiato, both were powerfully delicious ...and both in the top ten of the best espresso drinks I've ever had!  My bride really dug her decaf Shakerato (iced espresso drink), although she might ask for half-sweetened next time.
Gelato was creamy and intense, just as we had hoped.  I'd strongly recommend the dark chocolate and Thai coconut combination, although the pistachio and pecan flavors were amazing as well.As a sad lactose intolerant person, their chocolate sorbetto owns my soul. I splurge on a pint a few times a year despite the exorbitant price. It's worth it! 
Their fruit based sorbetto are usually good, but occasionally a bit too sweet for my tastes.I could have sworn I had already written a review for this place, but I couldn't find it....It's simply AMAZING.  They don't just have one or two good flavors, they have a huge variety, including some that have local ingredients, and they are ALL AMAZING.  I'm bordering on addiction to this place.  The staff is always so friendly as well, I can't help but drop them a dollar in the tip jar.  Taste any flavor you want before you buy for free!We love Capogiro! Visited multiple locations all over the city and this one is a favorite. We stopped by twice last weekend and always receive friendly service and nice conversations.
The gelato is amazing... best I've ever had. And the flavors...wow! So creative and delicious! Our children not only love this place, but the flavor get them thinking up new and inspired flavors themselves. 
Thanks for such a nice spot to create memories with our children.I love Capogiro.  However, the Passyunk Avenue location is a disappointment.  Limited selection of gelato and sorbetti and sometime the staff is not very attentive or friendly, and given the price point they certainly should be more gracious to customers.  The Passyunk avenue location also seems to be more focused on being a coffee shop rather than a gelato shop.  There are more coffee and tea combos than gelato and sorbetti.  There seems to be too much room dedicated to seating and so little for product which is not visibly and lusciously displayed as in the town locals.  We do eat with our eyes.  Here product is not displayed and instead stored in small lidded containers - very unappealing styling and several times my choices have had an unpleasant texture.   My excitement at them moving into the neighborhood has been dashed after only a few visits.  I always have a much better experience in the center city stores and both have a greater variety of flavors and friendlier staff.   The avenue location is a waste of time and money.So maybe my initial review was too harsh. Nat Geo has just proclaimed Capogiro the best place to get ice cream in the world. High praise indeed. 
My Dad was in town last week, and world-renowned Capogiro seemed the perfect end to a lovely Thanksgiving visit. We went to the location on Walnut, where a very patient barista again guided our selection. Dad's request was simple, chocolate, and the dark chocolate gelato was a perfect answer. Not too sweet, not too bitter and smoother than I recalled, the Cioccolato Scuro paired with Nutella was exactly what the Daddinator required. I opted for for the Cranberry and Heirloom Apple; the smooth creamy sweetness balanced nicely against the tart fruits (though personally I think a bit more tartness would be an improvement, but I eat lemons like apples so what do I know?). 
I cannot speak much to the atmosphere inside - it's noticeably darker than the Passyunk location - as we sat outside on the concrete and then left quickly to catch a train. The service was excellent, the product outstanding and if the dreamy expression on my Dad's face is any indication Capogiro will be our first stop when he comes back to visit Philly next time.The three of us loved this little refuge. Considering we were really just trying to dip out of the cold, we were delighted by the delicious rich gelato (and so generous with the samples!), the warm interior (blue and orange and old photos) and delightful little bathroom. A little awkwardness with the hostess, but in an endearing way. Definitely a place we'd come back for a sit-and-chat. We recommend the Thai coconut. Just watch out for the one guy in the bigger photo who wouldn't stop staring.Love this place and their gelatos are the best!!! 
I always get the pistachio flavor. 
Sherbet was just so-so.I don't really know the difference between Ice Cream and Gelato. But I know their similarity. They both goooooddd~
So on this hot day, I went all the way to Ikea to get their $1 non fat frozen yogurt. Unfortunately, when it was my turn to order, the machine ran out of yogurt and they won't be ready again anytime soon. So I went back home feeling a little bit dissapointed, when suddenly the name Capogiro popped up in my head. And right away, instead of head back home right away, I took a detour to this Capogiro in Passyunk Ave.
Being so close to my house is a plus.
Went inside the store.. the staff was very friendly. Right away she offered me if I would like to get a taste sample of one or two available flavor. I'm not sure if that's the norm (the taste sampling), but I skipped that part and go right away order 2 flavors in a cup.
I ordered Pistachio and Tiramisu..  both which taste very yummy. Too bad they don't have Peanut Butter. But that's okay. The price for a small (which is literally very small) cup, is a bit too high. 2 flavors in a small cup cost me $4.68 .. I'd think twice going back here if just for the heck of getting some.
But yeah.. it is yummy and pricey. Fellas, go here if you on your  first date. Just to get in the romantic mood and to impress her. The next date after that, you can skip this place and go to nearby ACME or CVS or something, if you want to grub on ice cream/gelato. :pMy first experience at the Capogiro was on an evening in March when it couldn't have been warmer than 35 degrees outside.... and yet - we craved the gelato!
Ricotta Cheese with Almond was subtle and delicious. The Bourbon Butterscotch was excellent, though I'm not sure I got the hint of Wild Turkey it claimed to contain. The Cioccolato Scuro was dark and decadent chocolatey goodness.
We walked. We froze. We ate in pure bliss... and eventually regained feeling in our fingers. Worth it!Goodness gracious, great gelato! 
Macadamia nut and thai coconut milk were my choices. The textures varied (the macadamia was almost like refrigerated cookie dough, whereas the coconut milk was much more melty), but the flavors went very well together. Being able to taste flavors (which most gelato places do) was a benefit, since I was able to nix Walnut and wasn't stuck with something I didn't care for. 
You've gotta be crazy not to like gelato, and Capogiro's was quite excellent. Go in for a taste test of your own!This is a very cute gelato place.  Came here after getting cheesesteaks down the street. I really love the decor and the outside patio area has a great feel with the hanging lights and small tables.  I had the mexican chocolate gelato.  it was AMAZING!  I wish that this place was near me so I could get it again.  The worker there was very proud of their location saying it is the best and cutest location but it is only open seasonally.When a flavor is right it is RIGHT. Some are just so-so but I would much rather go here and try something new and fresh than a generic ice cream place. They have excellent customer service and my dog is allowed in!Locked their restrooms to PAYING customers during today's food festival. Will NEVER give them business again.A+++ for taste and flavor. Not to mention the workers are always super helpful and willing to let you find your perfect flavor combo. Samples are my bff and this is definitely a place that doesn't sample shame. I got the bing cherry and pistachio and it was a phenomenal combo that left me in dessert heaven. What I didn't like was how runny it was. My two scoops had caused a sticky mess by the time I stepped outside. I was walking down the street looking like a five year old with ice cream everywhere. It wasn't even particularly hot, so maybe there freezer needs to be cranked up a bit to provide maximum cleanliness amongst the gelato crowd.Great Service.  Intelligent engaging Workers and We were able to try as many flavors as we wanted.  Coconut milk was our favorite but runner up was the margarita which we had with in the same cup!  Yum!Not too shabby.  To be fair, I've been ruined by my gelato experiences in Europe and at Screme in NYC.  But this is quality stuff.  
I'd recommend the location off of Sansom Street just because there is more space and far more of a selection.  But the staff on Passyunk are efficient, uber friendly, and cuddably cute :-)  They were patient with me as I sampled half of their fare before deciding what to order.
The Fiori di Latte gelato was excellent.  It paired well with the Butterscotch.  My friend got a combo of blackberry and cinnamon.  You wouldn't think that'd work...but it so did!  
My only complaints were the crampedness of the store, the small selection of flavors and the fact that they charge NYC prices for a smaller portion.  But they're definitely the best I've had in Philly.The gelato at this location was bad. It was very icy and runny, not very creamy at all. I would just go to another location. I prefer the ones in center cityThis Capogiro's location is so cute! It's quite different - as Michelle C mentioned, it has that homey, old-fashioned ice cream shop/cafe feel compared to the much more modern vibe the other CC locations have. I like businesses within brownstone buildings, it lends a comfortable, personable feel to the place. The smaller location means fewer gelato flavor options available, but it's great that they're even on East Passyunk Ave and able to offer gelato to an area without many frozen dessert options. The staff was friendly when I visited, and super cute with one very young customer.  Since I don't live in the area (yet - you never know...), I won't be able to enjoy my gelato in their cute little 'living room' until the next time I come down to visit the area's amazing restaurants :)LOVE LOVE Capogiro!!! I got the banana chocolate/thai coconut milk at this location. LOVED IT!!!! It makes me so happy. I prefer the CC location because I feel like the gelato is more cold and they have more flavors there.Didn't get gelato because no flavors I wanted tonight. Hubby says best pistachio everI was very excited when this location opened because it is so close to my apartment and the bars I frequent.  The gelato is great, I love combining hazlenut and pistachio together. However, I am not impressed by the staff at this location.  I have been here twice and each time felt belittled by them.  I felt as if they were annoyed that they had to wait on me (or anyone for that matter).  For what the place charges, dealing with a snotty attitude just isn't worth it.  I will probably go back because it's in my neighborhood; that's the only reason.I love Capogiro! The staff is friendly and always helpful with helping me pick out what tasty dessert I should have. I know that people argue the cost is too much, however I'm fine with paying extra for fresh ingredients and not a box of crap from the grocery store-if you want to complain about the cost, don't buy it! Simple!  This is also the only place I will have a cappuccino with biscotti or an espresso-too good to pass up! I will continue to treat myself from time to time with some of their dark chocolate gelato :)Super friendly staff and great gelato. The flavors rotate everyday but they let you sample anything you want! Thai coconut and dark chocolate are always delicious.The yumminess of Capogiro South is as expected if you've ever experienced the pleasure of Capogiro's gelato.  It definitely is a South Philly version of the joint, with the decor including old timey photos of generations past.  The colors are cheerful and the redecoration of the space was well done, including the restoration of the original hardwood floors!
My only concern is the freezer is so close to the door, so I envision a gridlock by the front door during the long hot days of summer.  I hope everyone can be nice to each other.I came upon this place by mistake. My husband, daughter and I were walking up and down the block and decided to go inside for a treat after having just had lunch at P'unk Burger. The girl behind the counter was very pleasant and nice. She allowed my daughter and I to sample a few flavors before purchasing one which we shared. They have a large variety of gelatos. 
This place also has a number of tables you can sit at to eat your treat. If you are in the area and looking for a nice place to get a tasty gelato then this is definitely the place.In addition to their delicious gelato, I want to extoll the housemade baked goods and coffee beverages.
I just inhaled a particularly perfect ginger cookie and cappuccino.  The cookie was the perfect balance of moist and flavorful, while not being too sweet or undercooked.  Seriously, maybe the best cookie I have ever purchased second only to Urban Standard in Alabama.The new renovation is adorable, all retro blue and black and white "family photos" on the wall. It looks like there is a surfeit of space, which is nice (the last time I went we were the ONLY customers...something that has never, ever happened in any Capogiro I've been to!)
It was a little disappointing not being able to see the flavors in the freezer like in other locations but that is a minor qualm.
So far I've only tried one flavor, but damn if that wasn't the best mojito I've had (in a bar or otherwise). Gelato, rum, mint, lime, and sugar... how could you go wrong?Oh Capogiro, how I love thee.
After dining at one of the many fine establishments on East Passyunk, I always make sure to leave room for some gelati.  I say gelati because it's plural and the smallest you can get is two scoops.  Hey, when in Rome...
This Capogiro is distinct from its Center City counterparts because it's in an old row home.  The front room has a similar look but as soon as you cross the threshold into the seating area, you will notice the more homey feel of this south philly shop.
They have the full selection of flavors and it's really tough for me to stray from cioccolatto scuro and pistacchio sicialano.  You can have samples, it's ok, they expect it.
This one is closer to where I live and I really appreciate that they have a presence down on the avenue.  Buonissimo!A notch up from the standard ice cream! Loved the twists on popular flavors and the ability to sample unusual flavors at this gelato joint. Went with some classic gelato flavors here: dark chocolate, hazelnut, lemon sorbet, mint, cantaloupe sorbet, and masala chai! A bit pricey for the petite sizes, but a nice treat on a hot day!I'm actually delighted that Capogiro is so pricey. Or rather, the part of me that cares about fitting into my clothes is delighted. Otherwise, I might be tempted to visit every day. 
The space is inviting, with plenty of seating and fun old family photos decorating the walls. It looks like there's an outdoor area as well?
I have yet to adventure much beyond a vanilla chocolate flavor combo. It's just the right amount of creamy, sweet, nice to look at...
why mess with success, right?The staff was delightfully friendly and accommodated my multiple requests for samples. The honey and pumpkin were delicious. I settled on the grapefruit, which is my new favorite thing in the world: tart, intense flavor, yet smooth, and refreshing.Dear God, I LOVE THIS PLACE! I just wish the workers there didn't wear unhappy faces all the time. Expensive, but worth the deliciousness!We went here just to waste time till it got later and I found the staff rude. This one guy seemed like he didn't care bout his job and likes to belittle ppl. The prices are a little high but not bad.Sorry. I love places with variety of flavors to choose from but so far it seems I will not ever develop a taste for gelato. Colorful places invited me to go in. My date and I were looking at each other and wondering what are we eating? I tried two flavors. This isn't the first time I tried gelato. Every time I just eat it and wonder what I am eating. Maybe next time, maybe Im trying all the wrong flavors. Until next time, I will come back whether it is good or not because I want to find out why so many people like this. For those who love gelato enjoy!My favorite place to get ice cream, compared to all the other locations around the city.
I can never eat too much ice cream--but the SEA SALT flavored ice cream at this place is freakin' DELICIOUS!
Although I was informed by other locations that they don't always have it on board, and it's their seasonal special (which I don't get... what is SALT season?), the sea salt ice cream brings me back every time.
Ever since that one bite, I've had a weird urge of sprinkling sea salt on all my ice cream!!!
The staff, however, was unfortunately not too friendly."when it touches your lips its just so good"
I had never had gelato (yeah, I said it - don't judge) so I along with two friends headed over to The Best Place To Eat Gelato(according to National Geographic's book Food Journeys of a Lifetime) That is a great honor and well deserved...all over the world they travel and arrive in Sunny Philadelphia.  When we stepped foot in there there were options galore and little spoons for tasting...me being all decisive decided to taste every flavor option available (haha joking) just one Cream Cheese and I loved it I have dreams of it - so creamy and delicious.  My friends also experimented with flavors one of which was an aquired taste (sea salt) he absolutely loved it how they turned salt in to a creamy delicacy is beyond my but they have something for every taste. The decor also made me smile a bunch of old black and white photos gave it a certain homey charm.  But that's what you get when a wonderful restaurant makes deliciousness with milk from Amish grass-fed cows and flavors not seen anywhere else. Like a jelly belly but better.  
If you haven't been...Get There!Capogiro is a gelato ice cream shop in Passyunk square. They usually have 1 or 2 tables outside on nice days and a decent area on the inside. The server was very nice and friendly and offered samples if different flavors. Capogiro does not have traditional ice cream flavors so it was nice to try something new. I went with a frappe which is similar to a milkshake. For flavors I was able to combine 2; the thai coconut milk and brown sugar which was a delicious mix. It is a little more pricier here then other ice cream shops but they also have very good quality.wow. words best right here in philly!!!??!!!! giddy. wanted to be a part of this. finally got my ass over here and was fully amazed. i had ROSEMARY GOATS MILK .....yeah....fantastical new treats for my taste buds......Yum!
I had a cup of the honey gelato, which was amazing. It was super creamy, soft, and was subtly floral and unmistakably honey-flavored.
There's lots of seating, which is nice when Philly's steaming hot and you're worried that going outside will immediately reduce your gelato into soup.My friend and I were on a search for a cold treat and stopped in to satisfy the craving. This place is cute, but more importantly the gelato is delicious. 
The two ladies working were super friendly and helpful, giving us samples and flavor recommendations. I'm a big lover of dark chocolate, and decided to go with that flavor. It was very rich but not too sweet, and tasted of very high quality chocolate. The texture of the gelato is somewhere in between creamy and icy, and was very refreshing.
While the front area is a little small, there is plenty of seating in the back room. It's a little pricey, but probably no more so than other gelato shops. It's a good option for when you want to treat yourself to a little something special.Usually Philly Phoodies are all about Philly steaks or pizza.  Well there's gelato... and somewhere waaayy above and beyond that...there's Capogiro gelato. Never have I given a 5-star gelato rating, (and rarely do I write reviews) but in this case..Capogiro actually deserves six stars, and I couldn't wait to write a rantin' soliloquy about it!  So here goes...
OMG-- I have been to lots of gelato stands-- plenty of them right in Italy or straight from the Italian motherland. In fact, whenever I'm traveling or ordering dessert...  I go gelato!  Plus, I'm a travelin' foodie. So I'm pretty confident that I know what the really great stuff tastes like.
My husband and were visiting his 88 years young mother in Philly and took her on a little outing. After shlepping her in and out of the car, wheelchairs and the Rodin museum, we all started to get hungry.  The restaurant we chose was closing when we got there, so I suggested we just walk across the street to some unbeknownst-place-to-us that served coffee/gelato/panini. Well no sooner had we started walking across the street, than the comments started --"I think we need something more than COFFEE and ICE cream"  and "I doubt if there will be any place for us to sit down in there..." and " If we have ice cream now it will spoil our dinners"  etc. etc.  Thankfully, just when I was about to throw in the towel and storm back to the car, (as nicely as any in-law might), I noticed a poster in the window:   "#1 Top Ice Cream in the WORLD" a testimonial bestowed by...none other than National Geographic!!!  Well, that was a little encouraging, (even though I had no idea National Geographic magazine was now critiquing restaurants)... 
We all ordered gelato.  They in the traditional cups. Me in a cone. (iI'm just doing my part to keep it green). All different flavors. Capogiro has lots of choices... and about 10 that change daily. You will find some sort of usuals but really they are mostly unusuals that will leave an unforgettable tat or on anyone's tongue. Black mission fig. Sweet orange with spicy cardamom. Gooseberry.  Single malt scotch.  Lancaster county plum.  And yes.  Dark chocolate.  Madagascar bourbon vanilla.  All natural and season ingredients.  The taste sensations of every single one I tried were absolutely MBO (Mouth Boggling Orgasmic), and I'm talking earthquakes!!! I had the Cioccolato scuro ("rich black and serious" dark chocolate and fresh raspberry.  I thought about those tastes all afternoon, into the night and called for Capogiro in my dreams.
Turns out, my husband did too, so we left his mother's house early enough to get another couple o' double dips "on our way"  (actually...sort of NOT on our way)  to the airport. And-- they were out of raspberry! So I tried another flavor and.. it was just as delicious.
Now that I'm back in my town, I plan to order gelato from them, since Capogiro ships 6 pints of their creations for $60. I SWEAR. It is totally worth it.  
I begged them to open a store in Denver.  Heck, I'll open one!  I want to buy stock in the company.  I want to divorce my husband and marry into the Capogiro family. I must have this gelato.  $60. Done.Quaint.  Delicious sorbets and gelato.  I had chocolate and Thai coconut,  Sam had lemon and salted bitter almondYum! Although they didn't have pistachio which I've heard is amazing, I got Nutella and marscapone and they were so creamy, silky and smooth! Can't wait to go back and hopefully try pistachio.Best gelato and sorbet I've ever had. 2 reasons this is not a five star review: 
1. The wanker hipster behind the counter who was whining that he had to work alone.  Gave me tons of attitude for ordering 5 cups. 
2. The $28 I spent on 5 tiny "piccolo" sized cups of sorbet and gelato.
I don't like sorbet because it's usually either too icy, or syrupy. This sorbet was perfect. Not too sweet, and tasted very fresh. The lemon and lime both had nice tartness, and the pear flavor had nice pieces of real pear in it. I could've eaten a gallon of it. In fact, this may be the only sorbet I would actually choose over ice cream.
I had the Thai coconut gelato. It was great gelato, but I didn't love the Thai flavor. That's my own problem though.
I'd go to other locations, or this one again, if that whiny hipster isn't there.Capogiro in Center City and University City are decent - this location is NOT. Horrible service experience and crappy product experience. My friend and I dropped by late night over the weekend to grab some coffee and gelato for a chat. I don't know if the two ladies behind the counter were having a fight or what but I expect friendly service as soon as any customer comes through the door. What I met was a tired frown behind the cash register as she stood there silently to take my order. I ordered two lattes for here and she handed me two paper cups not even filled 80% of the way. The other locations would've made them in nice mugs and top it off just right with foam art as any capable barrista would do. Well the lattes tasted bland like water - old grounds probably. The gelato was icy - not smooth whatsoever, improperly refrigerated or old. And the girl was cleaning with chemicals before she scooped it out - no gloves. I was planning to tip but opted not to with the poor service and crappy products give the premium prices. I would've been happy if they at least got the service part right. And they should start enforcing some sort of dress code - the two ladies they employed looked like they should be in a tattoo parlor.I think it can be a tad pricey but it's consistently a tasty and convenient place to grab something sweet. Cappuccino and chocolate are my fav duo.If anyone could let me know how many Capogiro "heirs" there are, and how many of them are single, heterosexual men, that would be great. I'm more than willing to exchange matrimony and child-bearing for the promise that you will never stop making and serving this happiness in a cup or cone. I've also never had better coffee. I like black coffee, and too often I get what tastes like dirty water. Not here! Nothing but the best at Capogiro. Please open a shop in the New Brunswick area ASAP. We need you in our lives.I live right up the street from Capogiro which can be totally dangerous!
I ventured in for the first time last week. What an amazing place! I had no idea such an awesome place was right around my corner!
My cousin and I got the Aloha Monkey which is a cross between pineapple & coconut. It was amazingly tropical! Totally made me wish I was on an Island somewhere! 
We also tried the Chocolate Banana -- rich & delicious!!
It's a little pricey but totally worth it for an occasional sweet treat.Beautifully done gelato. We tried their hazelnut paired with a sea salt in a vanilla creme blend. Excellent. Will go back to try the orange cardamom soon. The prices aren't bad either.
I won't give it five stars because it was just a tad off the smooth creamy texture that we have come accustomed to with our gelatos from NYC.
Overall, bravo Capgiro.I consider myself quite the connoisseur of frozen anything: ice cream, gelato, Freez-Pops, margaritas, and cryogenic life extension among them.
With my credentials on the back burner, let me tell you one thing about Capogiro - it's almost always perfect. Having eaten extremely disappointing gelato in Italy, France, and Spain (what the fuck do you mean foie gras gelato is a bad idea?) I feel like I can pinpoint what exactly it should be. Smooth, velvet smooth. Intensely flavorful, like if you put the Platonic ideal of a flavor into a black hole and brought it to the singularity. In a word, luxurious.
Capogiro does that with finesse and no need for antiperspirant.
Being in South Philly, I was stoked as hell when the Pashunk Capo opened its doors. All this around the corner from me? Sold.
Granted there may be hipsters. Granted the space is cramped compared to the other, more lavish stores. But you know what? I eat the gelato because it tastes better than any I've ever had, anywhere, plain and simple. They do this at a higher level than almost anyone else in the country. Consistently and thoughtfully. Especially now that this location has worked out the kinks and is delivering great product on a regular basis, there is no reason to not treat yourself.
I will say let the haters hate. Everyone on Yelp may want to be the musclebound sand castle-kicker, but I'm not concerned with that. This just means I have less people to stand impatiently behind before I buy and consume an entire pint of Scuro in one sitting.
Keep it up, you intrepid gelati frontiersman. Let no man, no woman, no pretentious or snobby ne'er-do-well impede upon your progress. Thank you for fighting the good fight and bringing something a little more sweet to savor in South Philly.YUM! I just had the pineapple mint gelati with the grapefruit campari sorbet. It was so refreshing and delicious, the perfect finish to my sushi dinner at Izumi. They eagerly offered taste after taste until we made our selection. The place is really cute, and there is a patio to open soon, as well as a beautiful space upstairs.  I'm all smiles about this place and I can't wait to go back.The gelato was icy and not creamy at all!! Disappointing as I've heard that this is some of the best gelato around. I may try the center city location but I won't be dropping six bucks on a small cup of ice.Friendly and casual service that I dig. Cucumber flavor was amazing. Loved the abundant frozen bits of cucumber. It went really well with Strawberry. I wish I had gotten the medium to squeeze a third flavor in! They don't have as many flavors as the other locations but I pick quality over quantity any day. A nice variety of unique flavors and they were incredibly patient letting us sample them. Lots of options on where to enjoy your gelato: indoor comfy seats, scenic/cute/small storefront area, or walk down to the fountain for even better scenery. Not a cheap habit though..Good coffee, great gelato, and pretty decent service.  The gelato choices are constantly changing, but the quality os always there.
The only real drawback is that it is kind of expensive.  Get some gelato for you and the kids along with a coffee or two and you're looking at an easy $40.  A once in a while treat for sure.A girlfriend and I went here to that study thing I keep saying I'll do. What better incentive than beer-flavored gelato and hot coffee from La Colombe? 
The barista/purveyor of frozen delight allowed us to sample the wide variety of flavors available to us, and I'm told the selection rotates fairly regularly. I went with a mismatch combo - Yards Pumpkin Ale and macadamia nut. The gelato was dense and creamy, but it had more ice crystals than I usually associate with a product developed for a delicate European palate (wimps). Whatever. 
Tasty noms secured, my friend and I headed to the back where a somewhat grumpy knitting circle was meeting. The petulant purlers failed to cast a pall on the cheery atmosphere set by bright blue walls and comfy wood chairs. Studying ensued. The friendly barista re-filled my coffee for free and lamented that La Colombe will not likely be served at this location for much longer (well, I'm not sure he lamented, but I sure lamented. There was lamentation). 
The impending absence of my favorite overpriced coffee brand aside, the ample selection of well crafted tasty frozen goo will have me coming back to cram even through the winter months. I may even have to go for this sea salt everyone raves about.I thought about docking the 2010 incarnation of Capoyunk one star, given how expensive it is. But you know what? Gelato is expensive. I'm happy to pay a couple bucks more than I would at Rita's for this experience.
There've been so many improvements to this shop since last summer, I can't rave enough. But I will try: First, they've hired some super-sweet folks (especially those who work the morning shift) to replace the wave of snotty kids scooping in '09. Second, H&H BAGELS. I almost don't want to mention this because they already tend to disappear by 10:30 am, but I'll say it. H&H BAGELS. They are incredible and inexpensive. So are the morning pastries -- brioche croissants, etc. -- and La Colombe coffee. It's just as pleasant a breakfast spot as a late-night treatery. Third, ambience. OK, this isn't new, but the blue on those walls, and the black-and-white photos, and back patio I haven't yet ventured into -- as one reviewer said, it's a great place to linger.
Don't go to Capoyunk expecting to hop in and out, especially if you're there late in the evening on a hot-ass day. The layout is a bit awkward and causes clusters of people maybe in line, maybe not, and patience will win you as many taste tests as you desire, but expecting to be served right away will just frustrate you. 
Lastly, I suggest following them on Twitter (@capoyunk) -- I was on my computer at 9:30 tonight, saw a tweet that said something about Mexican chocolate and grapefruit-Campari gelato, and I immediately left my house and ran over before closing time. Effective marketing.I came into this gelateria by chance--after being pursued/followed by some random guy while I was trying to take a peaceful walk my first night in Philly. So, making an excuse to get away, I told him I was walking to a cafe. Well lo & behold, I find this amazing gem! Amazing. Great flavors & you can really taste the freshness and textures of the ingredients. I had the pumpkin & pistachio flavors. So good! I highly recommend stopping by this place for a sweet treat if you are in the East Passyunk area.We have some great ice cream in LA, but Capogiro is simply the best. This particular location on East Passyunk is a little smaller and more chill than the one I tried before in Center City. Or at least it was at 7 PM or so on a Friday, which is probably before most people finish dinner and are looking for something sweet.
They had perhaps slightly more than a dozen flavors, and while I wish you could see them before you tried them the way you can at the other one I visited (which I think has more flavors), you can try anything that sounds interesting to you. I ended up with a dark chocolate that was stunningly rich and delicious, and a coffee/chocolate chip (I think that was it) combo. Together they were fab. There's both indoor seating and a little outdoor area which is literally right between Capogiro and Townsend (which must be weird for their diners, since they can have people eating ice cream right outside their window)--great on nice nights (and where we sat last night!). The ice cream barista was very nice, but you're here for the ice cream, and it simply doesn't get better than this mini-chain. At least not so far in my experience. It's not the cheapest ice cream in the world, but it's totally worth it.I find the layout of this Capogiro to be awkward. Yes, yes, the old rowhome look is quaint, but there's a narrow space between the wall and counter that gets easily crowded by small groups and those coming from the back area to leave.
That said, it's the same delicious gelato to be found at all of the other locations, and it's close enough to stroll over to on a Saturday night, so I'm not going to complain too much. 
My favorite combo of the moment is the dark bittersweet chocolate and sea salt caramel. It is gelato worth savoring.oh, capogiro. i have a love affair with you and your sorbet. why? it's consistently inventive and delicious. in fact, on a hot summer day, it's fun to take a really long walk and sample flavors at multiple locations. (not that i'm speaking from experience or anything.)
   definitely one of my favorite vegan friendly treats (just the sorbet, not the gelato!) in philadelphia.The coffee is really great here The Breakfast really hit the spot here in a friendly atmosphere. At lunch time try to gelato you can't go wrong the flavors are great.I believe that I have reviewed the Walnut Street location for Capogiro's, but I did want to commend the wait staff on dealing with a particularly onerous customer during this most recent visit to this location. My wife and I were out with another couple, and we stopped in after dinner. The line was a bit long, and I had to wait in the doorway, which meant that I had to keep the door open. A surly older guy at the other end of the counter asked the staff to ask me to close the door, to which I slowly responded. The guy may have caught a slightly demeaning glance and attitude from me as we worked our way closer to him (he wasn't big, and I am, so I wasn't worried). The guy was clearing causing the staff stress, and just sat there for an extending period of time without ordering anything, but they handled it well. 
As for the gelato itself, you can't go through with the white chocolate and hazelnut.This is a wonderful gelato shop!  The staff are very knowledgeable about the flavors and what pairs well together.  They have a really adorable outdoor patio in the back!
I got the cream cheese and figs with hazelnut and it was AMAZING.Food texture is a funny thing. To one for whom food textures are of paramount importance, the ideas of creamy, crunchy, squishy, - or the experience of breaking the skin of a food to reveal a luscious or decadent center - the surprise of the combination of different textures, in sequence, - can literally result in a food coma. These intricacies are minutely differentiated in the world of frozen desserts, which these days range from the tart yogurt shops that have cropped up like weeds to the uber chic mainstays of the gelato titans. And then there are the frozen custard stands, a whole different textural animal.
             So, friends, why have I tangented so early on in this review? Ah, for good reason. GELATO. Italian gelato. Pure, simple, expertly prepared, and delivered with pride and joy. It is the outright king of all frozen dessert textures. And, as a result, will incite something akin to orgasm most every time. The staff at this Capogiro (Capoyunk) occupy a particular corner of my heart, as they are familiar faces who are liberal in their sampling practices. True Gelato is a journey in creamy decadence, supplying a multi-tiered sensory journey that rolls.  And rolls. Flavors switch daily, which is both good and bad, as you can imagine. Because it NEVER ends.  So let me tout the praises of their beer week offerings, which included a strawberry porter and a chocolate stout flavor that made my eyes roll to the back of my head. I mean, I don't even drink alcohol. But THIS - THIS THING - I would have given a pinky toe and all four molars for this. (disclaimer: I only HAVE 3 molars left, in case you wanted to take me up on this offer). 
            The coffee is another draw. They brew La Colombe, which, as all of us coffee aficionados know, is only as good as the machine it's brewed on and the techniques of the baristas. And at Capo, you KNOW you're getting an awesome cup. Every time. And the price point is a tiny bit lower than other shops around, which is good because if you are BUYING gelato, you may or may not have put up a second mortgage. Or you just like treats.
             A bit more brown-nosing: The decor has actually inspired me to redo my bathroom in a similar style and color scheme, the photos on the walls make me want to cry - even the way they are framed exhibits brilliance, and it is impeccably clean. I LOVE this place. A lot. To sit there and cruise internet, to do work, to read, to enjoy - Capoyunk is it.  Treat thyself. And I'm pretty sure they'll accept first-born children as payment. They work B.O.H. for mere peanuts.I have to write this review because Capogiro on 13th is and has been consistently very good.  I tried the one on Passyunk recently and it was HORRIBLE. thank god the espresso is so wonderful because I was really disappointed. I ordered the small cup of tiramisu and pistachio--I thought something was wrong with me because neither tasted like pistachio or tira.  My friend got tira and nutella. the nutella tasted fine but tira tasted nothing like tira and had no bite.  It was like cream flavored. Pistachio was even more disappointing because you can get better at a chinese restaurant. you know that flavor just jumps at you. I thought about this disappointment, for what I had spent, through the next day and I decided it might very well be because the factory is on 13th and this is a satellite place. Not sure what other reason because I know they make great ice cream and these two flavors are full of bite and recognizable flavor. I wanted to call the owners and ask them to go there and taste it for themselves. I said to my friend "maybe I am having trouble tasting" but she did too so I wasn't having some medical condition going on. I was beyond disappointed and frankly for the price. I will not be back to the passyunk store. not to mention the guy working there seemed out of it.  They shut down the coffee machine like 30 minutes before they closed--just all around annoying.I live one block from the 20th Street outpost of Capogiro.   I am a huge fan and try to limit my intake to once a week- failure most summer weeks!  So, I had to check out the new place when I was out for dinner.
The East Passayunk Capogiro is a bigger space than the center city ones.  This is a great place to linger and to admire the cool old b/w photos on the wall- looks like there might be a back patio for summer.   The selection is a bit more limited and the gelato is hidden under cover- I am such a visual person that I love to look at the luscious rainbow deliciousness and decide if I am in the mood for pink or green or that mango colored yumminess.   
I am glad they are spreading their joy all over Philly.Still not sure if I was eating gelato or water ice.  This was the WORST gelato I've ever had.  Having just returned from a week in Italy, I can comfortably say that this tastes nothing like the real thing.  We tried nearly every flavor before reluctantly settling on 4 selections.  Every bite was a mouth full of ice crystals.   We will most certainly not be returning.  Two thumbs down.Went here after dinner/drinks at Los Caballitos.  The girlfriend needed something sweet after all those margaritas!  We got a small caramel and dark chocolate mixed cup.  The gelato was pretty good, but I'm not a judge when it comes to this stuff.  My girlfriend however enjoyed it and the place was really cute and had no real complaints.  It is a little pricey however for ice cream, which I don't know if we would ever go back.Please Mr. Capogiro, you just opened again for the Spring season. I understand you have to serve gelato from tubs at your Passyunk location. Please, though, try to make sure there's no freezer burn up in my gelato this year.
Thank you.My rule of thumb, always give a place 3 chances to prove themselves. Well, this place sucked all 3 times!!! I've tried them at various times over the past few months. The staff is the worst part of the experience. They can't be bothered to wait on you, and if they do - they are rude and curt. The Gelato was freezer-burned and overpriced. This location opens at 2PM daily (if they feel like it!), guess they feel they don't need the business. I walk by everyday (between late morning and mid-afternoon) and see people baffled at how they are not open. When you are surrounded with restaurants open for lunch, why would you not be open to take advantage of that business? Save your money, or go to another location - the Passyunk Avenue Capogiro isn't worth it!!!As a vegan, I can only eat a few flavors of gelato, and here, I could only eat the sorbetto.  Luckily, it was creamy and delicious.  The mango champagne was the best flavor I tried, but all of them were pretty tasty.  Although the price seemed steep for a to-go treat, the portion size was pretty generous.
The staff I encountered on my visit were competent, friendly, and helpful.After a few drinks over at the Cantina we decided to stroll down passyunk ave. and stopped in for some wonderful gelato!
I went with the small size and chose two flavors, dulce de leche and peanut butter.  The nice lady seemed to overstuff the container but who is complaining!  The flavors mixed well and satisfied my sweet tooth even though I had my heart set on finding a cannoli in the area.
Cute, clean space with a friendly staff and outside chair/tables.
Only con was the price and the itty bitty spoons...I couldn't eat it fast enough before it melted in the blazing hot sun!I'm conflicted about capogiro. The gelati is fresh, artisan and has interesting flavors. But close to five dollars for a tiny, tiny  little scoop really has me wondering if it is way, way overpriced.Great friendly service, got to try almost all the sorbet flavors of the day. By far our favorite was the cucumber vodka! Definitely coming back to try the rest.Within the past couple months, Capogiro gelato has become my newest addiction!  While each location carries the same gelato (although flavors vary from day to day and from season to season), the East Passyunk location is special because not only is it right in the middle of one of South Philly's nicest neighborhoods/business districts, but it also has a far more homey atmosphere than the other Capogiros; almost like you're relaxing in the kitchen of your friend's city apartment while enjoying the best gelato in town!  Unlike the other locations, you can't actually see what the gelato flavors look like, but I'm sure it's for food safety reasons--if you're unsure of what a particular flavor tastes like, just ask the barista for a sample!When the gelato is good here it's really, really good.  However there is a good deal of inconsistency that many others have pointed out, mostly in the form of freezer burn and such.  The dark chocolate has always been one of the more consistently good flavors for me, and I keep waiting for them to bring the basil sorbet that I had once and then disappeared.  Besides just plain gelato you can also get it in parfait form--I tried this with the shiro plum flavor once and was very pleased indeed.
So the problems are mostly textural, especially the gelato being too cold.  Though sometimes the flavors miss the mark.  I went with a friend who was disappointed in both the flavors she received: the nocciola and the chocolate banana.  Upon tasting them I agreed: the nocciola didn't taste like hazelnut, only cream.  And the chocolate banana just tasted of banana.
The staff is great, you can also get espresso there, and they have free wi-fi.  The flavors are inventive and often good.  I hope they can take care of some of the issues that plague their products at times.  Still this won't prevent me from coming back.We were visiting the Passyunk area and were recommended to this shop. As a result, we visited it all 4 days we were in town. 
It a small shop with big flavor options and super friendly staff. Both female staff members Chris and Krista are amazing and so helpful during our visits. 
I suggest the dark chocolate, pistachio, Vietnamese cinnamon gelatos and the honeydew, coconut sorbettos. Their affogatos are superb, excellent pick me ups for the evening, flavorful and so delightful. And also, try coconut sorbetto with their Chelsea drink (cold brew, milk, coconut as the scoop). So smooth and perfect for a summer afternoon stroll. 
We are eager to come back to visit Chris and Krista plus try their various flavors as they continually rotate.I had the cappuccino flavored gelato split with the dark chocolate gelato.  Let me tell you, I do not like chocolate ice cream, but this was different.  The dark chocolate gelato tastes like brownie batter.  It is so good!  The portion looks small, however it is very rich, so you don't need a lot to be satisfied.  Overall, great place to go after a meal down in South Philadelphia.Delicious and Derisive. If you love gelato, and also want to feel like you're bothering the employees by walking in the door, this is the place for you.
Best gelato in terms of flavor, variety and consistency. The other consistent with this location is the rude staff who couldn't be bothered to smile or act friendly.after a loooooong, hot day at work, i was looking forward to a nice treat with my niece. we were feeling adventurous, so we decided that we would actually take the time to sample different flavors this time instead of ordering right away. i ended up very disappointed by many of the flavors (eventually settled for turkish coffee and dark chocolate) and appalled by the service.
at the checkout line, the clerks had the nerve to treat me and my niece like street urchins. one clerk told me, "i'll give you her cup after you pay him." i was stunned. just because i was dressed down (shorts and an old college t-shirt) did not give him the right to treat me like a thief.
i'll stick with philly water ice and enjoy delicious gelato and quality service elsewhere (eg, pitango's in baltimore), thank you very much. you just lost two south philly native customers, capogiro passyunk.Today, as I was eating my $4.75 Toasted Almond/Turkish Coffee small cup, I was wishing I had gone to Rita's--at least I know what I'm getting there. I've been pretty disappointed with the gelato at this location lately. I feel like it didn't use to be this way, but the last two times I've been there's been an ice crystal content that isn't really supposed to be in premium gelato. The freezer burn people have mentioned is real and true.  Gelato is supposed to be a smooth joy, not a rough sadness. I'll give them credit for the vast array of interesting flavors but I think something wrong is going on when it's got the consistency of grandma's Breyers.
Next time I want some gelato I'm going to look elsewhere.  I had tried to go to their 13th street location to give the chain a fair shake but the legion of generously stroller'd sweaty moms spilling out the entrance was too formidable a force for my sugar depleted army of one.   Where else does a man get good gelato in this city?It's become hard to imagine life in Philly without Capogiro!  Perfectly crafted and inventive beyond any other similar place I've ever been to anywhere.
I always take advantage of the unlimited free samples, and the fact that even the smallest size serving (piccolo) allows for two flavors at a time, but I tend to gravitate back toward the amazing pairing of Mexican dark Chocolate and Espresso.  Incredible.  
Given the number of locations scattered throughout the city, it's usually well worth it to skip dessert at whatever restaurant you're visiting for dinner and walk to the nearest Capogiro afterward instead.