Originally, our little group headed to Franklin Fountain and the line was around the block-- Capofitto was only a few steps away with no line (and bonus--cheaper/better dessert treat!). We only popped in for gelato, but I would love to come back for the pizza! It looked and smelled really good. Gelato was amazing, as capogiro gelato always is. Highly recommend chocolat scurio and pera as a combo--it was perfect!The best gelato and very good pizza.
We came between brunch and dinner, so ate at bar. Had a bottle of the "best pizza wine"'and liked,it. Ordered two pizzas for the three of us. Plenty. And I eat a lot of pizza.
Pizza reminds me very much of Vetri, and similarly priced (expensive). Excellent ingredients. The style has a soft middle crust, almost white and underdone (to me) which apparently is authentic. Otherwise I would ask for a little more well done, but that might be an insult. You tuck and fold the middle to eat.  I mean, it's delicious, but I feel I shovel too much in that way and lose the individual taste of the fabulous toppings. The outside crust was  puffy and tender.
Nice bartender service and he was really runnng around. I think it was a surprisingly busy day downtown. The gelato is always amazing. I'm in a rut. I always get the Thai coconut and something chocolate or coffee. Some day I will have had my fill of coconut and try other flavors. No I won't!A taste of Italy. The Gelato which I got (limone) and pizza(prosciutto di Parma) was authentic will surely  be back everything reminded me of Italia. Love it.Best Italian restaurant I've been to outside of Italy. Service was impeccable. Charcuterie board perfection. Meatballs to die for. Everything about this place is amazing, down to the music selection. GO HERE.i enjoyed the pizza and apps, but just thought the service was way too slow.  i felt like i was sitting around waiting for something the whole time i was there.  for a pizza that's supposed to be cooked in around 3 minutes, why the long wait times?  that being said, when the pizza finally did come out, it was pretty tasty, albeit very greasy.  i'm chalking the grease up to the type of pizza i ordered, as the other pizza at the table was delicious.Great atmosphere and great service for an early dinner with friends. 
Tried the arancini and three different pizzas which were all amazing. The pizza crust is the real star if you like it thin but not too crispy. 
And most importantly of all, great GELATO!Just average.  Pizza crust, while giving all the appearance of a true VPN, was tough and chewy.  Disappointing.This place is a gem!! Almost a hidden one, as I walked past many times since I moved to the area couple of months ago bbt never noticed it. Through yelp, I saw it, and when I saw the pictures of the gelato, I jumped out of bed and went there as fast as possible. Capofitto did not disappoint. The gelato (I had pistachio and bacci chocolate) and the espresso were to die for!! I spent a summer in Italy where I ate gelato everyday, and ever since I came back to the US, I was not able to find a place that satisfied my tastes and love for gelato--except for the Italian chain Grom in NYC. I'm so happy and the same time sad that it took me two months to find this place in Philly. On top of that, the guy that served me, Craig, was super friendly and nice. Would definitely be returning there many times, and only if the prices were lower, I'd probably go there many times a day! Can't wait to also try their pizza, as I'm sure as everything I tried so far, it will be amazing.Great for thin crust lovers! We showed up around 12:30 and it was empty, but quickly filled up. Ask for the Saint Lucifer's spice mix to top your pizza, it's amazing. In addition we tried the meatballs, panzanella, and argula salads, of which I would highly recommend the panzanella and go elsewhere for the meatballs. The guy at the gelato counter was very accommodating with letting us sample flavors and let us split a 2-scoop order into two separate cups for sharing. Thanks gelato guy, you are awesome!Finally found a good source for authentic Neapolitan pizza. Way better than the one I had at Brigantessa. The center was soft not soggy from the watery tomatoes like the one at Brigantessa. The small plates were small not tiny. The salad was very good and the size was perfect. Espresso was excellent. My only negative was price. $84  including tip without alcohol is a lot for 2 at a pizza place . Brigantessa's prices were about the same. I would come back here, but not Brigantessa.Nothing about my Vesuvio pizza wasn't yummy and yet it failed to blow me away.  pizzeria Vetri is still the best at trying to make an amazing pizza, especially where the crust is concerned.They rocked it!  Great pie great gelato! Great friendly service.   I like capofitto lots.  This is run like a family restaurant by people who care.  normally I'd doing them for not having gf options but they were so nice im going all 5.Walked by this place a few times -- had it on our list to try.  What a mistake.  Walking by it and not eating there, I mean!
Odd set-up -- upscale pizza place in the back of a gelatto parlour.  Worked for us.
Food: we ordered two pizzas -- Margherita con Bufala & Genovese.  Both were excellent.  No idea what some of my fellow reviewers are talking about re: inauthentic Neapolitan pizza.  We've had Neapolitan pizza in Naples Italy -- Capofitto doesn't make it any differently.  
Sorbetto: we tried two kinds.  Both excellent.  Tip: next time I would get a a few tasters in the front on the way in so I'd be better prepared to order after our meal.  
Service: our server, Adam, was freaking outstanding.  Very attentive, very helpful.  
Looking forward to our next visit!Great flavors, wonderful taste and consistency.  Staff is terrific. You can't do better.This was always a favorite place to go have a tasty Rapini pizza and glass ( or two !) of nice red wine. The staff has always been professional and fun! It was doubly great to go tonite as they recently re-opened after the awful fire up the block. The place has been totally cleaned and was its warm cozy self. The crew was cheerful, the food and wine great as usual  and salted caramel and bourbon butterscotch gelato was superb! Be sure to come back and support this special neighborhood business!!With an increasingly saturated and competitive pizza scene, the wise Philadelphia live-fire pie joint distinguishes itself from the pack. Doing so is admittedly difficult given the uniform quality of pizzas slung around the city, including those from the ovens of old standbys such as Stella and newcomers including Vetri's namesake pizzeria. One must, it seems, venture beyond the pie into new territory to leave an impression on a pizza-jaded palette.
Capofitto, I'm happy to find, does just that. I need not wax extensively about the pies. Rating them as equals to the aforementioned establishments' should paint sufficiently vivid pictures of leopard-spotted, chewy crusts with appreciable oven spring and carefully conceived combinations of quality toppings. Rather, I'll give a shout out to the two excellent pies I sampled: the Genovese (tender, smoky eggplant paired with earthy roasted basil and vibrant tomato) and the Carciofi e Guanciale (deeply porcine cured jowl paired smartly with meaty artichokes and the punch of vibrant olive oil).
How Capofitto truly captivates, however, is through its other offerings, namely their deservedly famous gelato (same folks as Capogiro), non pizza menu items (check out the paninis on ridiculously good house-baked foccaccia), and indulgent house baked pastries. An oatmeal raisin scone offered the platonic ideal of airy yet buttery texture, a nutella-pistachio roll flaked into indulgent savory-sweet layers, and addictive Italian donut holes served as the perfect foil to robust La Colombe brew (or a beer from their concise yet smart selection of craft taps).
Capofitto shows an immense amount of promise and represents a totally unique concept of cafe-meets-pizzeria. The eclectic yet inviting decor further adds to the experience (check out the gnarly knives made for cutting into crusts). I am eager to return with more room in the belly to savor this place's similarly esoteric yet totally awesome offerings.Super awesome discovery! The Papaya, Hazelnut and coconut were excellent! My kids enjoyed kiwi and pineapple. It was so worth the trip!I've been wanting to go Capofitto for a while because HELLO pizza and gelato, and I finally made my dream come true yesterday. The restaurant itself is really cute - gelato in the front, pizza (party!) in the back. Lots of space, classy decor, and I'm always a fan of seeing the actual open fire pizza grill. It was also very bright, which was a nice change from the dim lighting that I think so many places are embracing these days - my parents didn't need to use their cell phones as mini flashlights to read the menu, which is always a promising sign!
Service was a lovely mix of attentive without being overbearing, and our server was incredibly pleasant. When he noticed that most of us were vegetarians (he heard me make a vegetarian-related comment while we were ordering) he made sure to tell us which items were made with chicken stock, and offered to bring us lard-free bread, which isn't their normal recipe. I so appreciate that kind of recognition and sensitivity to our eating habits.
The menu itself is really generous - a handful of apps/snacks, some salads, a soup, a few pasta options, and probably 15 kinds of pizza! Plus a really extensive beer/wine/cocktail list. We opted for the arancini, the eggplant "meatballs," the house salad, two pizzas, and a calzone. The starters were really good - both the arancini and the "meatballs" had four little fried balls per serving, which were very tasty, but not super filling, and the house salad was also solid - I liked the addition of a few crispy fried onions on top. 
My parents and I were able to comfortably share two pizzas - we went with the Tartufello and the Genovese. Both were really yummy with unique flavors, and despite having a plethora of ingredients, neither one felt heavy - like we could eat a lot without needing to be rolled out of the restaurant (#winning). But...like some other reviewers have said, the pizza literally feels wet. The middle of the pies were both soaking, for lack of a better term. The crust has no holding capacity, and we really needed to use a knife and fork to eat the "tip half" of the pizza - once you get closer to the crust, you can pick it up, normal style. I don't think this necessarily made the pizza bad...but it was a bit strange. I'm sure that this really is the authentic style that they're going for, but it might be nice to give diners a heads-up at some point during the meal that this consistency is normal.
Although I didn't have gelato on this visit because Philly is currently the same temperature as the Arctic Circle, I've had Capogiro gelato at other locations and it is truly drool-worthy, so I know it's a deadly combination to have it offered under the same roof as tasty pizza. Overall, this place is worth a visit - just prepare yourself for the pizza :)
(Note: After writing this review, I actually researched "wet" pizza, and turns out, authentic Neapolitan pizza is soggy in the center and usually can't be "hand held." So, lo and behold Capofitto knows just what they're doing and this style of pizza is totally a thing! Mangia!)Best pizza in the city!! The amount of thought that went into creating this shows in the taste! Pizzas are absolutely delicious, inventive, and flavorful, and small enough to be able to share a few! The atmosphere is fun and clean, servers are knowledgable and gracious.  This is a fabulous additional to Old City!Wow, amazing gelato. Tried the Italian cookie dough and the dark chocolate one and loved both flavors. The server was also very nice, polite and conversational!I think was the best pizza I've ever had. The TARTUFELLA it was called.  Truffle oil, local mushrooms, DOP tomatoes, absolute perfection.  I never thought pizza could be so intense. I ate it all by myself, slowly, savoring every folded up bite. Exquisite. I still think about it. I went twice in a row. 
Great location by my hotel Monaco. Open nice and late. Good people. 
The staff is very friendly and passionate about gelato. They do deep investigations into what would be best paired with your personality and mood.  
I wish we had one in Houston
My marscapone fig gelato was very creative and real. So packed with wow.  The pear was also a delight m fresh, crunchy, real.Capo fitto is an awesome urban environment with authentic  handmade Italian pizza and frozen yogurt. A great environment for the family or for a fancy dinner. You will not regret going to this place!!As blasphemous as it is, I don't really like pizza. It was never my thing. My reasoning is that I had too much of the bland, school lunch pizzas that I never really sought them out. 
My friends tried to change my mind, and as I have more and more experience with good pizza, I can see the appeal, but was never too impressed. 
But my oh my, Capofitto totally blew me away. I was just searching for a brunch place to catch up with a friend and this popped up. Gelato and pizza sounds interesting, so we decided on this one, 
You walk in and the gelato is in the front, it's very cute, and continuing in the back is the restaurant. The lighting is dim, especially compared to the gelato parlor which has huge windows. It's very cozy and comfortable. 
We decided on a San Lorenzo pizza to share and got the bread pudding for dessert (it's a bit too cold today for gelato). Both items were to share. The pizza crust is thin with the perfect spread of toppings. I have a huge appetite, but even half of the pizza was incredibly filling. It looked so thin too. I prefer savory foods over sweets, but the bread pudding was really good. It was warm and dense. The bread is not overly sweet, and has a relatively strong egg taste (that I really like and enjoy). The syrup drizzled over top enhances the bread, and with the spice and baked apple slices, the perfect autumn dessert. 
In my journey to find "good" pizza, to understand the obsession over it, I've tried a lot. I have been on the road to conversion and I am completely converted now.As I was eating, I was already planning a return trip. The journey is over, and is one of the best, if not not THE best places for pizza in Philadelphia. I prefer it over other established and popular pizzerias. I can't wait to go back!Awesome awesome ! Fresh and So authentic , so good we ordered and third pizza to go! Gelato made in house and so delicious ! Def a new fav place to dine!I was underwhelmed. Maybe I've been building up this visit for awhile. Salad of micro arugula etc was great, charcuterie plate was well thought out. The pizza.... weak sauce chintzy on the toppings a pinch of kosher salt well placed would have gone a long way. Gelato was ok. I guess we miss Naia in Berkeley. Still searching for top notch pizza and gelato on the east coast , regrettably.Artisan pizza. Super thin crust. Expensive. Tasty. I had the Romana. It came exactly as advertised. The olives and capers were both briny, so I had to pull most of them off.Good pizza and gelato. Not quite what I had pictured it looking like, but I was definitely a fan of the Genovese. If you're looking for some heat, I recommend reaching for the St. Lucifer spice they have there. Drinks were on the pricier side, including draft beers, so I stuck to Peroni.Worst pizza I have ever had. Frozen pizza tastes better and has a far better product. Giant charcoal burned portion of my pie was over two inches wide.  Apps were plain.  Service fine. Gelato really good. Never eating here again because quality control is disappointing.  How do you burn a pizza that bad and not care or not notice?  So upset they charge so much and deliver the most underwhelming pizza of all fourty years of my lifeLemon, mint gelato (the mint tastes more like the herb, which I looooooove). It speaks for itself.Great location, tasty food, great service. They were out of the stracciattella gelato which sucked but they were nice about it.    Pizza is more like gourmet pizza.   So if you have kids and you are thinking of getting them something they are used to, this isn't it.   Picky kids aren't gonna like it.   If you are into trying new (delicious) things, then this is the place.Delicious authentic pizza!!  Great service to get our family out for next tour.  Can even grab gelato if you have room.Best pizza and gelato we've found on the East Coast! I don't make that claim lightly...I lived in Italy 38 years ago and lived for 10 years in Europe with my family. We've been up and down Italy from Trieste to Palermo and have searched for quality Italian food all over the US and Europe. 
We happened on Capofitto by accident. The gelato has such amazing flavors, including Ananas e Menta and a Pistacchio to rival any in Sicilia. We asked our server Mahmoud about the restaurant, which has a wood fired pizza oven. He is a bright young man and quite the salesman (Engineering student). We came back 3 hours later and had dinner. All the ingredients were either imported from Italy or fresh from local farms. It's hard to imitate the flavor of authentic Italian food but they've done it. If you're after the real deal, this is it!!
Btw we loved Philly...I love their San Lorenzo pizza! The mushroom ragu was a decadent blend of mushrooms that were seasoned and cooked perfectly. Paired with the crispy basil and smooth mozzarella, this pizza was one of the best I have ever eaten. The crust was actually perfect - it was thin and perhaps flops a little when picked up, but I didn't have the experience of the other reviewers with excessive sogginess. It was actually light and airy! Great experience!!Such delicious gelato!! Had the macadamia, lavender, and sweet Amish milk flavors. The sweet Amish milk was the best one out of those three flavors to me!Hands down best stone fired pizza in the city! Also good drinks and the ragu was awesome too.We are from New York and until very recently we could not find worthy pizza in Philadelphia so we just avoided ordering it. We kept trying each new place as it opened but until Capofitto opened in Old City  we had searched in vain. We had already been fans of Capogiro gelato and wondered if the owners could work the same magic with pizza. I am happy to say that the owner, Stephanie, has succeeded!
Look carefully for Capofitto near the intersection of 3rd and Chestnut across the street from a huge construction site that will be the Museum of the American Revolution at 123 Chestnut Street. The renovations to the old paper factory have been done with sensitivity to preserving the past - large windows from the original building separate the front gelato counter, bar, slicing machine area from the dining room. Cheerful red chairs, original tin walls, funky glass and metal fixtures set a warm and inviting tone. Much has been written about the blue tiled pizza oven built with stone and even sand brought from Italy which anchors the back of the long restaurant. That oven can produce a pizza in just a few minutes.
We have stuck to ordering the excellent charcuterie board with your choice of thinly hand sliced, prosciutto, mortadella, speck or soppresata acompanied by little pots of mostarda, preserved vegetables and fabulous house made foccia. 
Then - the pizzas! These are authentic Italian style individual pizzas - although they could conceivably be shared. We love the Calabrese with spicy sausage, the Diavola, the Tartufo and the Margarita. The crust is soft and chewy, slightly charred from the wood burning oven. The mozzarella is fresh and tasty.  There are other offerings on the menu but we have stuck to the pizza.
Save room for the intensely flavored gelato. Hazelnut and coconut are two of my favorites although there are more than 20 flavors (which change seasonally) to choose from. 
Finally - a place to enjoy wonderful pizza in Philadelphia!Food was excellent! Gelato was out of this world! But the combined service of Cheyenne and Charlene made it a must visit restaurant when visiting downtown Philadelphia. Great location, great food, great atmosphere.I'd give this place a 5 star if I had chosen just to have pizza, but we brought a party of 15. By the time the brunch orders got to the table, they were cold. I couldn't believe they actually served the eggs Benedict - all the eggs were basically hard boiled and there was no hollandaise sauce. Other than that the pizza, gelato, and service were pretty good, but I wouldn't order anything else.Check this spot out for a really nice, affordable and interesting selection of Italian wine by the glass. The bar team is also super nice and will offer to let you try any of the wines...they actually usually offer. Their Neapolitan style pizza is pretty excellent as well. This place is no frills and the staff is a little casual, but that's part of the charm and real- was of it. The gelato is also a nice little treat in your way out the door as well. You can tell that management or the owners place a lot of emphasis of caring for and training their staff here.Ate here last night and the atmosphere was nice/service was lovely, but the food was underwhelming. Expected more for the price and from a place claiming to be emulating Italian Pizza.First, if you are looking for New York style pizza, this is the wrong place for you.  This is not crispy crust, fold over one hand pizza.  Use the fork and knife.  The ingredients are home made and fresh. The  pizza was delicious.  The service was great.  The Irish Coffee gelato was excellent.  Would definitely recommend.Being a fan of Capogiro gelato, we decided to try Capofitto for dinner last night. The ambience was nice and the staff was very friendly, however the food left a lot to be desired. We started off with the local meatballs appetizer and were shocked when only 2 medium sized meatballs were served...for $9. Beyond that, they tasted fine like an average run of the mill meatball that a beginner cook could make. Then we had our pizzas served (rather pretentiously "we don't slice our pizzas to be authentic." Well I've been to Italy and eaten many an authentic Neopolitan pizza, all of which were served sliced). The pizzas were fine, but that's about it. I ordered the diavola which was not spicy at all and resembled a personal pepperoni pizza. My boyfriend got the truffle pizza, which was topped with about 4 sad pieces of fennel sausage and 1 sprig of arugula. Basically, overpriced and overhyped. Will not be returning. Much better pizza is served at InRiva in East Falls with a better drink selection and no pretentiousness.Been to Capofito several times now, and have enjoyed it. They have tasty gelato, like the other locations, but also serve pizza and pasta. The pasta selection is a little limited, with a special, if I remember correctly, but is worth getting. The pizzas aren't my favorite in Philly, but are also good. Price is similar to other higher end pizza restaurants in center city.Yummy gelato!! Lots of amazing flavors. Chill atmosphere. Great ice coffee. Friendly service.stop in!!As a local, I was really happy to see this place open.  In the eternal struggle that is the future Old City, I hope this place is step in the right direction (however the vape lounge and bong store that are adjacent suggest otherwise).  But, I digress.
I have been here several times since the opening.  Every time the service has been on point, whether it be for: take out, drinking at the bar, dining as a group for dinner, a lunch with my partner, or just stopping in for gelato.  Kudos to management, their service throughout is great.
The food:
The Mista and capra salads are both great.  Their panini's are not run-of-the-mill.  The focaccia bread is spectacular.  I recommend the Bresaola.  Pizza is good, its not the best in the city.  I think they should trim the menu down a bit.  I appreciate some of the more adventurous pies, but some of them don't work.  For example, their pancetta special pizza was just a greasy mess. They could focus on what they do right a little more, e.g. the Diavlo.  The cocktails could be poured with a heavier hand (but I always think that).  Finally, of course the gelato is amazing.  My personal favorites are: Bacio, Fior Di Latte, Pistacchio, and Thai Coconut Milk.Enjoyed my first meal at Capofitto and cannot wait to return. The service was excellent. The food was delicious and there were so many things on the menu I wanted to try. We shared the melograno - delicious!  We had several pizzas, and they were all outstanding. The Prosciutto di Parma reminded me of the best pizza I had in Venice.  The Rapini e Salsiccia had sausage, broccoli rabe and mozzarella, and the Ciro - which I did not know if I would like from the description including 'larda'  - but this might be the first one I'd order next time.  The pizzas are considered to serve one person, but they were generous in size for one, so we are looking forward to eating the leftovers we brought home.  Of course we could not leave without some gelato for dessert.  I had the bourbon butterscotch and banana - a perfect combination and absolutely heavenly.  
Capofitto is in a great location in old city - an easy place for me to meet friends for lunch or dinner, and we will definitely be back soon.I love this place. Try the melanzane. Eggplant meatballs may sound odd but holy hat...they were so tasty! The pizza is thin and a bit chewy in a delicious way. We added olives and mushrooms and the kids had plain margherita. Grab two drafts with dinner and some gelato to go walk through the historic parks. You won't be disappointed. (Also, 530pm seems to be a great time. We got a table before a giant rush of people came in.)We discovered Cappofito while staying at the Best Western Independence Park next door. The pistachio and coconut gelato are delicious! The texture is light and flavor is subtle....perfection!
It's after 10:00 p.m. (they close at 10:30 on Friday) and my husband wants pizza so he calls Cappofito and orders a Tartufella pizza. He walks next door and is back within 10 minutes. I can smell the truffle oil as we lift the lid of the pizza box. We can't wait so we sit in the hotel lobby eating pizza.....it's delicious and highly recommended!Had the San Lorenzo pizza. The toppings were great especially the sausage. Crust was light and well made. Will come back again to try some other pizzas.We stumbled upon Capogiro when visitiing Philly while our oldest was in college years ago. It became our go to place for authentic gelato. Simply the best anywhere. We heard they opened a full service restaurant in old city so when we were in town for parents weekend for our youngest we decided to check it out. 
What Capogiro is to gelato, capofitto is to pizza. We've been to Italy 4 times. Naples, the world capital of pizza twice. Their pizza is the closest thing to Italy we've had. Fresh high quality ingredients. Thin delicious crust. You don't leave feeling bloated by bready pizza and gobs of cheese.  Nice selection of reasonably priced Italian wines too. And when the pizza is done... More gelato. Bon apettito !Sticker Shock in Boston
Look before I get started know that I am a meat and potatoes guy. I am a follower of Man Vs Food so I understand we all have a niche in life. We drove up from the Harbor in DC to the City of brotherly love. We made a pit stop at that bastion of calories, Waffle House, and arrived quickly with the family to see what you're supposed to see in Philly. Our kids had been walking and well all family places closed so we noticed next to our hotel a pizza joint. When I entered and saw motifs I knew oh, oh, credit check. As I heard the music playing (spotify Indy Pop as stated by my nice server), it confirmed my original thought of an expensive meal. The kids serving us we're helpful and friendly. We ordered 3 pizza pies whose names I can't enunciate, 2 adult drinks and bottles water ($74). Kids were ok and I guess we were ok with meal. Look as a dad with a family "no bueno" yet if you are single and young on a date then this might be a stop for you just remember its expensive when delighting your taste buds. Enjoy?Holy yum!!! The pizza is fresh, Italian style, brick oven, and the gelato is out of this world delicious. If you are touring the area, you can't miss this place! It is a must-go. The gentleman that helped us out was very helpful and congenial as well. All around great experienceThe pizza is good, very thin, with a good crust. The wood-fired oven makes a huge difference and makes the pizza very Italian-like (you can trust me on this, I'm Italian! ).
Tried to order some draft beer but they ran out of 2 of them so ended up getting a cocktail.
Cocktail was good but to strong too be paired with food and too small to be paired with food.
Overall the pizza was excellent, go there if you want to get a real pizza but be aware that will be expensive.
The price is the major downside of this place, two pizzas and two cocktails rang up to 64$ without taxes...
I do understand that the ingredients were excellent but despite that, I consider this an overpriced, although very good pizza.I have to say I was rather underwhelmed with capofitto on a number of dimensions.
Rather than go into detail, I'll remain high level here, they are trying too hard in areas that shouldn't count as much, while slacking on their food.
Example: no one can read the bloody menu, it's basically in Italian which, despite being different and authentic, it's altogether frustrating. Most people don't know there are 13 types of mozzerella, make it simple for us!
The Neapolitan style pizza was fantastic, thin gooey crust in the middle and chewy on the outside, despite the fact that our server forgot to cut our pizza.
The place is clearly in it's beginnings, but I expect changes if they want to seriously compete.Excellent Pizza. Thin crust, crispy bottom, fresh mozzarella and amazing fresh tomato sauce.
Tried hazelnut chocolate Gelato - excellent as well. Pleasant service.Great hospitality even though we had an over-tired 3 year old in or party. Pasta was perfectly al dente, pizza had those perfect brick oven bubbles on the crust and the gelato was abundant in flavors and very nice. Would definitely come back next time we're in town and craving Italian.Wow this is some of the best gelato I have ever had! My friend and I stopped in after a long day of being tourists in the city. I had the dark chocolate gelato, and oh my was it amazing! It was so rich and chocolate-y but still a light dessert. The staff was also very friendly and let us sample a couple flavors before deciding. They had about a dozen flavors with a wide variety including fruity, nutty, and specialty flavors, so there is something for everyone. I hope to be able to visit the city again and have some more of this gelato!definitely my favorite italian pizza restaurant in the city! the pizza came out fresh and the portions were so big that we took the leftovers home!
Capofitto also has Capogiro that serves really delicious gelato! Definitely recommend the grape flavor! It's so refreshing and tastes like real fruit!Amazing margherita pizza!!! The gelato is the best I've ever had. I had Raspberry Cream and it was bomb.  The waiter was very nice and knowledgeable. I hope to come back very soon!We stopped in to cool off from the summer humidity. We tried several gelato flavors. Loved the coconut, orange. We would definitely stop by again!Great little place on Chestnut. Meat plates and charcuterie were outstanding. Pizzas were out of this world. Fresh, full of flavor and appropriately priced.
Mickey was our server who was efficient, smart and a breath of fresh air.
Will definitely keep this in the rotation on trips to PhillyThe pizza was thin, and about 12 inches in diameter. It was delicious but not really something that would compel me to come back. Between 4 of us, we shared 3 pizzas. The eggplant "meatballs" were just okay. 
The gelato, however, has been in my mind since I ate it two nights ago! We got Thai coconut, blood orange, and pecan. All three flavors were amazing and the fruit flavors tasted like you were eating the actual fruit. Very fresh and non artificial tasting! 
Service was great and waiter was patient and friendly. A great place to walk to if you're staying at the Sheraton on society hill.We came on Mother's Day for brunch this year and the entire experience was a treat. We split the prosciutto di Parma pizza and the Calabrian eggs. Both were excellent and quickly prepared. We finished off with a scoop of the dark chocolate and a scoop of the coconut gelato. Absolute heaven. The atmosphere is fantastic and the decor is simple, but has great modern accents. We will definitely be returning!We only went here for the Gelato, and it was FANTASTIC. A huge variety of flavors (at least 24), many of which are unusual (pineapple sage! and it was my *favorite*) although there are some regular tasty stand-bys as well (several kinds of chocolate, plus vanilla and sweet cream). Suffering from decision paralysis? Fear not, they're happy to let you sample as many flavors as you want, make flavor combination recommendations, and to put several flavors into your cup! Highly recommended and I definitely hope I'll be back!My friend and I went to check out capofitto after finding out it was the same owners as capogiro in center city(best gelato) so we naturally thought this place would have the best pizza! And it didnt disappoint.
The anderson valley hop' ottin beer was soooo good! I got the margherita pizza which was absolutely delicious and my friend got the eggplant "meatballs" and marinara pizza. The pizza is made neopolitan style so its really really thin except for the crust which was chewy and delicious. The mozza was perfect and the sauce was great, not too over the top and well seasoned. My favorite part of pizza is the sauce (unpopular opinion, I know) and I was really satisfied with it.
They also dont slice the pizza unless you ask for it (which I did) but mostly people just go at the pie with fork and knife which is how you are supposed to.
Their ice cream prices are weirdly much higher than the capogiro prices we used to get a center city, just something I noticed.
Overall great experience, I'd say one of the better pizza places in old city.Good pie. Fresh tasting. Good ingredients. Crust is excellent. Nice find for snack after museumsSo good!! Pizza was delicious! Unfortunately. I didn't have the chance to have gelato but it looked good. They have a bar and the decor is cozy. They recommend eating pizza with a fork and knife. Also, looks like they have focaccia sandwiches for lunch!My wife and I checked this place out for brunch on a Sunday.  We got the Focaccia Panino and a Margherita pizza.
As noted by others, the focaccia here is truly outstanding.  Its texture is amazing, and its flavor perfectly complemented the flavors of the kale pesto, the bacon, and the egg without overshadowing it.
As for the pizza, I thought the fior de latte cheese is the real deal.  It was probably the best tasting cheese on a pizza I've had outside of Italy.  These guys put a lot of cheese on the pizza, though, and I think they felt that they needed to ramp up the acidity of the tomato sauce to balance out the cheese.  The result is a bit of a sour flavor, which my wife didn't like.  I kind of liked the "zing," but it is much less sweet than what you'd normally find on a pizza, not just in the US but also in Italy.  The crust was excellent.
The space is really nice too, with a great vibe.  I want to go back some time and try some of the other pizzas, especially those without the acidic tomato sauce.dessert staples...
Luca is great!!!! 
Meatballs are a goto item, the pizza is ehh 
Now if we can just convince them stracciatella is a fundamental must have....I'm much more acquainted with Capogiro, but I was very curious to learn that the owner was now baking authentic Neapolitan pies in Old City.  Upon entering, you find yourself in a gelato and coffee bar, which you must pass to be seated in the back dining room.  Although the margherita pie was quite good, I thought the tomato sauce was a bit too acidic.  The menu was not that different (or better) than other Neapolitan-style pizzerias in Philadelphia, and I believe Nomad and Brigantessa sling superior pies than Capofitto.  However, I reckon I would give Capofitto another shot if I'm ever in the area again, and this time I would save room for the bacio gelato, too.I'm giving three stars instead of two on the assumption that I simply ordered the wrong things.  Came here for brunch, enticed by the kale salad on the menu.  For a $12 "Big Salad," the portion was meager; the salad itself was very greasy and scant on kale, consisting mainly of white beans.  The accompanying focaccia was fresh but rather plain and unimpressive.  I sampled several gelatos:  avocado (way too rich), Turkish coffee (tasted like burnt coffee), dark chocolate (decent) and hazelnut (very good).  I did enjoy the sgroppino cocktail, though it was pretty pricey.  Finally, the restaurant was cold to the point of being very uncomfortable.  Maybe I should've ordered a pizza.Everything we craved after a day in Philly. Fabulous atmosphere, great service, the best wood-fired pizza, extensive beer and wine list, Italian coffee and gelato!!!  All done with attention to detail and maximum deliciousness!This pizza is so amazing I rate it better then any In Philly  they've got very good soups and fantastic salads as well.  The Italian organic red wine list is as good as the best Barolo wines I have ever had.  This place is a must visit!Sausage Pizza here is fantastic!! It is a little pricey but yummy nonetheless! Price for a 12 inch pie is approximately $20Underwhelming, overpriced, tiny pizzas! Seriously?  You can't make them a teeeeeny bit larger?  I know it's a personal pizza, but damn, you would think for the price they could grow a few in diameter. Too soft!  Keep it in that specially built oven a little longer.  If I'm going to read articles about special Vesuvian clay or whatever being hauled over from Italy, I want to taste that nice brick oven flavor! 
Flavors were OK, the pancetta on one of the pizzas we got was practically 100% fat...I mean I know pacetta is fattier, but it took on a sickening, greasy flavor that was not good.
This place needs lots of improvement to its pizzas to warrant the price tag and to be held in the upper echelons of other Philadelphia "gourmet" pizza like Osteria, etc. 
On the plus side, the place is adorable and the service was super friendly and attentive.When I first moved to Philly, I was disappointed with the limited pizza options. 5 years later, good pizza abounds with Capofitto among the top of my list. I usually leave pizza crust in a heap on the side of my plate, disdaining to eat the extra carbs...but with Capofitto, all of the Prosciutto di Parma and San Lorenzo slices and crust were consumed in their entirety.Please please make sure your hours are CORRECT ! Not a big thing to ask to prevent customers from arriving one hour after you closed !!!!!!! Which is 9pm Not 10pm
Went there the next day and it was very goodWe just came for ice cream - just a crazy variety of ice cream. None of the normal boring flavors you would expect...so make sure you think outside the tub.The pizza is absolutely amazing. They only come in personal size. Our waitress was really nice and the inside is nice, but we sat in one of those half table half booths. Normally I don't mind, but you are sat so close to the other customers, that getting up is incredibly uncomfortable. You feel like you're invading their space and it's almost impossible to prevent some part of your body from being in their face when you do get up. I've never tried the Gelato but would come back to try it being as it looks delicious! The prices are a bit steep, but it is excellent quality pizza. Based on the price and kind of strange seating, it's not a place I'd go all the time. They do have tables but it seems to be a busy place, so it depends on how long you're wanting to wait to be seated. It's a nice place to go once in a while though.Hubby and I were out for our last First Friday in Philadelphia and we were walking around and trying to find a place to eat.
We made the turn off 2nd Street on to Chestnut and saw Capofitto. We had read the review by Craig LaBan in the Inquirer (which did not do them justice, but I will clarify that later) and we were just going to walk in and say Hi to Owner, Stephanie Reitano, as she was one of my clients in a previous life.
Stephanie came out we said hi and she invited us to eat. I asked if they had wine, the answer was Of course!, and we went in for dinner.
We were immediately seated and greeted by our server who asked us what we wanted to drink. Hubby had a Coke (not Pepsi, real Coke) and I asked for a dry white. OK, I do not remember the name of the wine but it was not too sweet and had an amazing crispness to it. Perfect for the meal we were about to indulge in.
We were sent out appetizers of Crocche di Patate - Potato & Provola and Polpette
Meatballs made with local short rib & pork in a handmade red sauce. The meatballs were to DIE for. Tender and fresh, with a nice spice to them...simply melt in your mouth. The potato had a wonderful, crisp outside and a soft potato inside, seasoned just right.
For dinner we ordered the Prosciutto di Parma pizza which was flavorful. The thin crust pizza was perfectly crispy and the flavors married very well. My only issue was the prosciutto was cut into very large pieces. It is my preference to have smaller ones but that has nothing to do with taste.
Stephanie personally brought us what I think was the Marinara Pizza. I do not remember but the description is correct. With halved tomatoes, micro arugula, basil and cheese, the simplicity of the complex flavors lifts the palate into a dreamworld of pizza.
As we were full to the brim now, we passed on dessert but were brought a sample of the Jamaican Coffee Gelato, which was delish. You KNOW Capo does gelato very well. Hubby also had an espresso which he loved.
LeBan was mistaken with the 2 stars, I would have given them at least a 3. I have a palate as well. The pizzas are some of the best since I moved here 8 years ago. Better than Osteria which is way overpriced. Elevate yourself and go try them. Have some appetizers as well and you will not be disappointed.