Saw a coupon for this little place in a Parkway Museums District brochure (coffee) and wandered in for a quick bite.  I ended up just getting the Cubano sandwich and Dasani water to tide me over before exploring the parkway. Quick service, sandwich was nothing spectacular, but still a cute little spot which I'm sure gets really busy during morning hours with people who need their fancy caffeine fix. Prime location.Hit or miss service but quality food and drinks. 
I went here because I needed a snack, caffeine, and free Wi-Fi to work from. I know this place as Cafe cret, but here it goes by the longer name. As someone not from the area that was a teeny bit confusing at first but I got in fine. There was plenty of seating inside and outside which makes this an ideal place for meeting people or working on your own.
The guy who took my order and made me a hazelnut cappuccino was very nice. The woman who run me up however seemed to not be having a great day. In fact later on while I was still there, a gentleman came in and after ordering started telling her about how she had a passive aggressive attitude and that he was going to report the service. After a while he ended up talking with about 4 different people about whatever she had done to him.
My hazelnut cappuccino was amazing! It had the right amount of flavoring so that it wasn't too sweet and it was piping hot; just the way I like my hot drinks! I also got a multigrain croissant that was very good. Heated up with a little bit of butter, it was so tasty! 
Next time: I will try their selection of ice cream. Maybe I can get an affogato ;)The fancy name definitely raised my expectation going in. I needed to get some food to tie me over through dinner and got one of their pre-made sandwiches. It didn't look too flattering so I asked them to grill it, which at least made it warm. I didn't like the house coffee. It might have been sitting for too long. I didn't really see anything within spitting distance that was open or would be quick, so they do have that going for them. I'll probably avoid as best I can.Delicious cream of mushroom soup! Also love the Barrett ice cream. Next time I'm making a milkshake with Baileys! They're serving alcohol now.This is for the NEW Capriccio that opened near Love Park.
So far so good - my 4 year old and I have been here 3 times and had ice cream and chocolate covered pretzels and milk for snacks.  She loves it here and usually when we come iot's pretty mpty.
It is brand spankin' new - and the bathroom (ask for a key) is still clean and fit for use.
It has pretty much the same menu as the Old Capriccio on 17th Street.
The manager, Liz, is really nice and has a son about my dd's age so that's cool.  I wish them much success.  Hope they can keep in clean and new looking.The Hale & Hearty Soups sign caught my eye on a blistery, windy day.  Hot, tasty soup is always a draw for me....
$4.75 for a medium sized bowl....not ideal, but it sufficed. 
They even gave me a cup of ice water, free!  Who does that any more?
I can imagine that this place is great in the warmer months with all of the walls/windows taken out to make it an outdoor cafe.  
Still, the view from inside is quite nice.  I like the picture on the wall of the way Philly looked before the Parkway came to town.  
Won't go out of my way to eat here - but if I'm in the area, I might stop in...This place is right in front of my office and in the summer time, I often stop here before work for some ice coffee, which i think is pretty good.  
I've had the chocolate croissants, Spinach/cheese croissant, Mozzarella/Tomato sandwiches, and all are really good.  
I'm happy to have this spot so close by, especially on those days when I don't pack my lunch and need something quick to eat.So far so good - my 4 year old and I have been here 3 times and had ice cream and chocolate covered pretzels and milk for snacks.  She loves it here and usually when we come iot's pretty mpty.
It is brnad spankin' new - and the bathroom (ask for a key) is still clean and fit for use.
It has pretty much the same menu as the Old Capriccio on 17th Street.
The manager, Liz, is really nice and has a son about my dd's age so that's cool.  I wish them much success.  Hope they can keep in clean and new looking.Great location, great environment, awful service. In addition, their coffee sleeves aren't cardboard, they're very thin magazine advertisements, so plan on asking for quite a few sleeves, unless you enjoy pain. The coffee is ok-good, not excellent. The food options are drastically overpriced for poor quality. In this area it's not hard to find better food options, so I suggest if you're hungry go elsewhere. Don't plan on being greeted with friendly staff and enjoy some coffee outside on the parkway, great view.This is a neat coffee shop nestled in a small park off Logan square. They have all the usual coffee drinks from a drip flavoured and regular coffee to espressos, lattes and desert coffees. 
They also have a full complement of breakfast items pastries, bagels, muffins and oatmeal. They also do a egg bacon and cheese bagel.
Their lunch items are sandwiches. These can be followed with ice cream or ice cream drinks.
It was a nice stop along the way. 
On the way to the restroom I discovered a fully stocked bar with beer wine and liquor. I could have used a shot of kalua in my coffee. Oh well next time.This is my usual place to come during the afternoon. I do enjoy the location but I do have some issues with this place.
They are slow. There have been times where I was in line for almost 10 minutes. Next, some of their items are more expensive than they should be. I wanted ice cream but it turned out to be $4. It was a small and only two small scoops. Also they messed up my friends order over four times and it disappointed her. The employees can be rude, too. And it's even filled with young children from nearby schools. They cause a ruckus.
Overall, this place has a great location, but poor service.Another one of those "hire some cute girls and who cares if they do a good job" places. The cashier was horribly rude and the coffee was incredibly bitter. The place was also a mess and it wasn't even busy. I ordered a chicken caesar salad and it was so bad. The chicken was ice cold and mushy. It reminded me of the ready made chicken strips you can buy in the refrigerator section. I'll never be back.Really the only thing fabulous about capriccio's is the vicinity. The closest thing next to it to a coffee shop is either a starbucks or wawa. The food is meh. The prices are very high. The service is rarely nice, usually grumpy people who snap at you. Soups usually have a gluten free option. The espresso and coffee drinks are very poorly crafted. The chai is almost always too sweet and you can tell its from a powder mixture, and the lattes never have good foam or flavor. I end up here because of the convenience of its location, which is great for people watching too, and they do have a clean bathroom, but the quality of coffee, food and service is blah.Was hovering between a 3 and 4 stars, since service is a bit crazy on weekend mornings and afternoons. They prioritize people walking in for cafe food over the people sitting in at the bar, but it was mostly because of the holiday and people piling up. Prices aren't terrible for the alcohol or bagels or even the lattes!I really (I mean REALLY) like their chai lattes and smoothies. Especially the chai latte. This thing really puts Starbucks to shame! They're price for them is decent. These two drinks are never inexpensive anywhere.
I have to say I don't care for their coffee though. Got it a couple times and was underwhelmed. The first time was out of curiosity. The following times simply for convenience as its close.
Never purchased anything to eat here.
Cute building, very small but there is never too many people anyways.There is nothing particularly wrong with Capriccio. I just wish I could get more excited about it. The soups are fine, if a little bland; the panini made well and the service is affable and helpful. Nice to have some outdoor space with some good people-watching opportunities. But nothing worth an exclamation point. Certainly a good option if you are looking for something in the vicinity for lunch or a snack, but if you hoof it a little you will be rewarded with more enthusiastic punctuation.Decent spot to stop by if you need a quick little break from sightseeing and walking around Philly (which is what we needed). Not crowded at all on a weekend afternoon and my husband enjoyed his Vanilla Sundae (for all you non-knowers...Jimmies are sprinkles here).This is a good place to pick up a coffee and go, but also a great place to sit for a while.  On a summer day your able to sit outside with a view of the park.  I have never had a problem with finding an open seat.  This place is right next to my office and I have been going here for about 3 years.  The staff has changed a couple of times but always seems to be friendly and accommodating.  They accept LevelUp and have wireless.  Besides coffee, they also sell some pastries, sandwiches, and even ice cream.  I recommend trying the oatmeal cookies which always seem pretty good.Coffe is good. But Jr. A good place to visit with friends. The noise level is HIGH! Between 70-75 decibels.
Could be nice. But between the noisy broken fridge and the loud music... Too much.Word is that this placed is now closed - out of business and good riddance.Very cool location with outdoor seating and a trendy feel to it.  Downside their coffee was not to my taste. 
The women that worked there did not really know their coffee craft, but they were very friendly and pleasant.
I'm in search of a perfect latte...not here though.An unfortunate atmosphere, very cluttered, but not warm or inviting in the least. Mediocre coffee and oft uninviting staff. Great location deserving of a much better coffee house.I used to go to the old location at 17th & Locust before it moved to Cafe Cret on the Parkway. I like this location in the warmer months because the outdoor seating is great!
Today, after lunch we just stopped here for a coffee/dessert. I had a cuppa Nicaraguan Roast. It was very nice. Capriccio always is a good cup of coffee. I also had to get a Hope's cookie for $1.00.
They still have panini's, soups, and light fare. So, bring a book and come and have lunch and coffee...Nice little place. Staff is friendly. The pastry selection is tasty. The coffee is great, the smoothies are good, the sandwiches are sandwiches. They have outdoor seating that passers-by always mistaken for public seating for their Chinese take-out grub. The view of the Ben Frank is lovely though. Yippi!Just a note that we still love Cafe Cret - although it is very expensive and a cup of soup is $4.75.  OUCH!!!!
BUT we have to let you know about the fabulous Le Bus chocolate chip cookies.  They are the reason my daughter is giving Cafe Cret 5 stars.  If you get them heated up (ask the guy to do it) they are heaven on a plate.  For $1.08 (with tax) it' s a great winter warm up.
Terrific service from the guys & gals who work here, especially Emily (who may have left by now).  Many are college and post-college aged students.Expensive, unfriendly service, mediocre coffee, and bad food. Wow - a direct carry-over from the original Cappricio. I'm always a supporter of local over national chains, but in this case, run, don't walk, across the street to Starbucks in the Phoenix building. You'll be happy you did.This cafe & espresso bar is at the Radisson Hotel.  They have a large selection of sweets and gelato in addition to beverages.  There are also tasty-looking sandwiches to go.  
The coffee was good, and my friend loved her chai latte.  All we ate were some really good chocolate-covered espresso beans from a candy machine by the counter.
There were watercolors of the Philly area, done by a local artist, on the walls.  The paintings were for sale.  That was sort of interesting.  It's better than selling a tourist a Liberty Bell shot glass!Used to come here all the time because I worked across the street. It's probably more of a three-star place, but it gets an extra one because I'm sentimental. The service was Philly-level friendly (not actively friendly, kinda brusque and grumpy, but respectful and willing to engage in conversation when warranted). The drip coffee, Americano, and red eye (both hot and cold) were my go-to's, and I liked them all. The pastries and bagels were pretty good (though never enough cream cheese!), as were the breakfast sandwiches. Their lunch options were more meh. 
Kind of getting nostalgic as I write this...but not enough to visit now that I'm at a new job 10 blocks away.I always prefer local options, so when we stayed at the nearby Windsor Suites last week, we frequented this shop every morning instead of the Starbucks across the street. My iced soy lattes were excellent and reasonably priced. I also purchased a multigrain bagel both times. The first morning, it tasted slightly...rancid, but not enough for me to not enjoy it. My next bagel the following morning was much better. They are certainly not the world's best bagels (I would compare them to Starbucks's or Dunkin Donuts's bagels, actually), but still enjoyable.I had a few work lunches here during my trip to Philly and had no real complaints. I ordered the tuna sandwich to-go one day, which was just fine, but totally fell apart while eating it.
Another day I ate in house and ordered the spicy lentil and spinach soup. The portion size was much larger than expected which was nice, but the soup was nothing to write home about. It wasn't bad, but just tasted like your average lunch/cafe chain.
Service was quick and efficient. The people behind the counter were very friendly, and dealt well with me when I couldn't make up my mind and kept forgetting to order things. They were also very quick to open the restroom (which was locked) for customers as soon as they walked nearby.
Not a bad lunch choice for the area!Nice ambience for breakfast.  Stay away from the breakfast burrito, they use canned cheese or velveeta, which is out of place.Was visiting Philly for the night and wanted breakfast in the morning so we stopped here. The egg and cheese sandwich was really good and the blueberry muffin was also. They don't have a huge selection of food though. Coffee was really good too. I would come back here next time I'm in Philly.Terrible Service and Heartless Management. This restaurant discourages my faith in humanity.  My mom was a patient at Magee Rehabilitation Center recovering from a spinal cord injury and as an exercise she went on her first "field trip" in a few weeks to Cafe Capriccio on 16th street which is a few doors down from the rehab center. What a mistake! The objective of the exercise was to balance walking, ordering a drink and counting the change for a drink while accompanied by two uniformed physical therapists from Magee. My mom only had enough change to pay for a little less than a bottle of water or half of a hot chocolate at Cafe Capriccio. When my mom asked for half of a hot chocolate, the cashier asked her manager for permission and she said "no" and gave her tap water instead. What a disgraceful way to treat a handicapped person.This is right near my office, so a good stop for breakfast or lunch. I feel I've betrayed the great people at the nearby Starbucks, but the bagels and drinks here are just better here. The tea brand they use (Mighty Leaf, I think) is great; and the house coffee is flavorful but not too strong. Even when they're busy, the staff is still pretty quick and keep a good attitude.  I like the atmosphere here.
I've had a few different soups there, and was underwhelmed with all of them - both the taste (flavors are average, and it has also been overcooked, with mushy pasta) and the portion size relative to price (my eyes may have welled up with tears the first time, or should have, anyway). As long as I stick to drinks and bagels, though, this is my new work go-to spot. I just wish they would have some sort of frequent buyer's card. I avoided this place for a long time just because of the convenience of Starbucks's cards and the free drinks I'd get as a frequent buyer. So if you could make that happen, Capriccio, that would be fantastic. And fix that soup problem.it was ok. service was a little terrible. took almost 10 minutes for me to get a toasted bagel. and there were like 4 people there all together. not even packed. Has in and outdoor seating which is nice. and a good spot to people watch.I work in an office a stone's throw from this cafe.  I would, from time to time over the past 5 years, grab lunch here if I did not pack my own and was too busy to walk elsewhere.  The quality of the food is just fine, but it was never my first choice, primarily because it was so expensive.  But, convenience was worth the price.  I would always get the grilled cheese and soup combo.  I would add a muffin if I was feeling particularly hungry.  The total came to right around $12.  
Today, however, I stopped in for the first time in about two weeks.  They no longer had the combo special.  All in (including the muffin and a dollar tip for the barista), it was $15.  I was told it was the first time they raised the price in three years.
That's just too much to pay for a mediocre lunch.  For $15, you can get three(!) falafel sandwiches at the King of Falafel a block away and still have money left over for baklava.  You could also get a made-to-order stir-fry or salad and dessert at Honeygrow.  Other options include the bento box at Morimoto (!), a sandwich and fries at Hip City Vedge, the prix fixe at Tria Taproom, any of the luncheon items on the menu at Asia on the Parkway, hummus at Dizengoff.... You get the picture!  All of those options are better than the grilled cheese and soup (which is not even made in house).
For $12, they got my business based on location only.  For $15, I'll go elsewhere.This location has closed - but they have re-opened a brand spankin' new one in Love Park (17 & Cherry ish).
Can't wait to try it - as I miss my Vanilla Italian Sodas.This place is just terrific.  I am so happy when I can patronize establishments that are successfully competing against big chain stores.  Their coffee and pastries are terrific.  Unlike Starbucks, DD and other chain stores ,Capriccio does all of their baking on the premises.  My two favorites are the Cherry Walnut Bagel and the Spinach Feta croissant.  My boyfriend and I love going here.  It is a good atmosphere with a friendly (for the most part) staff.This coffee shop is not known for great customer service. I've been coming on occasion across the last 2 years, there are days where the coffee is good, days where its weak, days where the staff smiles and more recently days where you'll be ignored. This morning they opened over 30 minutes late, I know because they left me standing outside and then gave me YESTERDAYS COFFEE. Never going back.Everyone is nice and food is great. Convenient location as well.
Spinach and Feta croissant is great. Breakfast burrito is alright. Coffee is great.
However, all the food is expensive. Like, really expensive. $8.25 for a reheated sandwich expensive. The AC is always way too cold as well. The internet is also down like, 50% of the time but it's free so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Now that it's late summer, Cafe Cret has really come into its own. I love the patio--it's a wonderful place to spend a summer morning. I'm hoping to arrange that all my meetings from now on can be held there.Popped in here for lunch today because I was looking for a place to sit outside and eat a semi-healthy lunch.
The three stars is mostly for the great location and outside seating. The iced coffee is also very good.  
I have 2 qualms about this place - first, was that I got the Chipotle Turkey sandwich and the spinach on it was so wilted and gross. I picked it off to make it somewhat edible, but for the most part it was pretty bland and tasteless.  
Second, it was $13 for a coffee and sandwich, which is pretty expensive for lunch especially a low quality lunch.
I will be back, but I'm definitely going to stay away from the sandwiches and maybe get a pastry and coffee or some ice cream.
Side note: they also have alcohol and a pretty good happy hour. I'd like to check that out as well.Good coffee. Great location. Efficient service. The breakfast bagels are ok too.I LOVE THIS PLACE.
Coffee is good, staff is pleasant, and the atmosphere is inviting.This place is super convenient if you are nearby and one of the only places in the immediate area. So I like it a lot for that reason. If I am in the mood where I am willing to walk more than two blocks, then I usually don't bother with this place is it's OK, not great. 
I had a chicken panini that was pretty tasty. I would probably get it again. Perfectly crunchy and extra cheesy. Doesn't come with anything, so you will want something else if you're hungry. Otherwise you'll be hangry. The iced tea is actually really tasty and I'm not sure why it's so special but it tastes like a hot summer cooler. Really good. Even in this winter. 
The menu is small and for lunch, it's mostly sandwiches. They have two salads and they should have more. Probably be back soon.Nice place, decent location, and sunny building. Coffee left something to be desire. All to-go cups. Employee had to personally unlock bathroom for me. OK, but not amazing.This place is pretty rad.  Free standing in the middle of the square at Penn Center with outdoor seating, it's a pretty nice place to spend an afternoon (with free wifi).  
The regular coffee here is also pretty tasty, although kind of expensive.  You pay mostly for the atmosphere, and it's kind of worth it.  I wouldn't go everyday, but a morning or two are certainly in order.The coffee's fine, but the actual reason i swing by daily is due to the delightful individuals who are paid to run this place.  God bless them all.I come here often because it's right in front of my office building.  The service is fast and friendly and the coffee is pretty good.  The paninis seem a tad bit expensive, but they're delicious nonetheless and their soups are awesome!  They constantly update their daily selection of soups, they have great chocolate covered pretzels, chocolate croissants, breakfast sandwiches, and they also have ice cream!I really don't like it here, there is a $5 credit card minimum which is not posted anywhere. I came in last week and the barista was outside handling the trash and then came in and made my drink without washing his hands or putting on gloves. EW. There is lots of outdoor seating but so far all I have seen is the area overrun with kids. I think the baked goods taste bad, even though they are made, "in-house."
The baristas have been rude and the coffee shop is always a huge mess, spills on the floor, dirty counter tops, and overflowing trash cans. I have been here a few times at various times of the day and it is always gross. I work across the street and really wanted to like this Starbucks alternative but I really hate it.This coffee stop is very clean and the ambience  is very nice. The coffee taste really good too. However, the employee serving me was taking too much time talking to a coworker instead of quickly taking care of my drink. 3 out of 5.The new Cafe Cret, at 3 Parkway, diagonally across from Love Park is exactly what's needed here! Sadly the Fairmount Park Commission will not make better use of the UFO in Love Park, so this is the next best thing. An indoor/outdoor cafe finally on the Parkway. Coffee and snacks, hurrah! An assortment of coffee drinks and sandwiches are available.This is actually called Capricco at Cafe Cret. The service is super friendly, but they seemed a little frazzled and I went late enough in the day that I was the only one in there.    Enjoyed my drink (but I'm not a coffee snob so who knows).  
They've got a lot of outdoor seating, it's a shame that they opened up in the fall.Cute place for a quick pit stop. Good drinks, and nice outdoor seating. Michael was a great bartender!No more LevelUp. Boo. I get that maybe it didn't make sense financially for them (as I was told) but I still really like to use it. Without this, though I will likely be here less and less. Now if they add their own re-loadable card, I will be back in business. And by "card" I mean "app," because I really don't want to carry around a card if I don't have to. (Also, $5 minimum for credit cards.)
I did finally have a soup I really liked ... and I forget what it was. Curry something. Curry lentils, maybe? I think so. Curry is involved and it's vegetarian, so that really should narrow it down for you. See, even when I'm helpful, I'm not helpful, but still being helpful! 
I still like the staff and convenient location, still don't like the rest of their soups and their prices. -1 for no LevelUp; +1 for curry something soup. Rating remains three stars.Great little quiet hideaway, updated Euro-cafe with La Colombe coffee, a variety of eats, and chocolate covered expresso beans! A prime place to meet up with friends before exploring on the Parkway, or recharging your batteries after a long day. They'll like discovering one of this city's best kept secrets. Still has the feel from heady days as an upstart in the at the upscale Warwick, but in a more relaxed urban egalitarian setting.It's a cute little cafe - indoor seating, outdoor, you can even sit on the grass nearby! Sandwiches are pretty good.I had been looking forever for an open late coffee shop in my area, and had resorted to traveling 20 minutes to goto intermezzo or last drop, but then I discovered this place, it destroys the limited competition.
Unlike the last drop, coffee is decent, and the staff doesn't feel the need to blast their substandard music tastes in your ears while you're trying to concentrate.  Here, it's mostly classical or jazz. 
Intermezzo used to have the best chai tea in the area, but they slacked over the last year, and lost a lot of the flavor.  This place is the new champion!  Also, the space is bigger than both intermezzo and last drop, you'll never have problems finding seating!
The place is open till 11 at night every weekday, and unlike the other two cafe's, 11 doesn't mean "When ever we want to leave work."  it actually means 11.  
The staff is mad friendly.  Shit, I can't find any flaws in this place.  I guess that'll be 5 stars.
Update:
OOOhhhh... lately when I've been there their internet hasn't been up.  Asked the dude behind the counter, and he said he'd call them to reboot it, but added, "They usually don't do anything."  
That sucks... I still like this place, but coffee is just an excuse, I'm there for the internet.  Down to 4 stars.I don't know why I ever choose to stop in here.  The service is really lousy.  I went in this morning and the manager humiliated the cashier while being rude about his listening to the customer instead of her.  And to top it off, my bagel tasted old.  I won't make this mistake again and will make it known to my co workers to avoid this place when there are plenty of places that try to keep customers coming back!I have to rag on this place even though the service was pleasant and the products were fine. I had a decaf americano and that's it. The bathroom door doesn't lock properly and I got walked in on. Wasn't a terribly embarrassing moment but It was awkward. Also definitely saw a mouse under my feet, keep your floors clean guys! Sorry Capriccio, your service and drinks are fine but your facility needs some attention.Bad to mediocre coffee, especially espresso drinks.  But the carrot cake, chocolate chip cookies and the "dark side of the moon" cake are usually good, as are the schnecken, made by the schnecken lady.  I guess if you're at that corner, and need a coffee, go in.  Otherwise, go to you-know-where near 19th and Walnut!!Food is overpriced and mediocre. Walk a few blocks to the 80 Dunkins nearby and experience better tasting food at a fraction of the cost. I got a bacon egg and cheese on a bagel for $5, which was close to eating a sponge with some meat on top. It also took at least 10 minutes to be made. Not worth it. If you're looking for a solid sandwich (breakfast or lunch), might I suggest walking into 3 Parkway (building that says DREXEL on top) and ordering a made-to order sandwich from Cherry Cafe for about $3 in less than 5 minutes, MUCH tastier and quicker.
I liked the iced coffee at Capriccio, for $2 it wasn't bad. 1 star for the iced coffee, 1 star for the good customer service. 
Lost 3 stars for taste, price, and wait.One of my favorite working cafes.  On the Ben Frankin parkway its a treat to hang out there in summer when the windows are open.  staff are polite and never had a problem.  having to ask to have them open the bathroom is a hassle but the coffee is good.The food and drinks there are lovely and the area is picturesque. I go down there 5 times a week - you can tell that I'm in love with it. 
I always stop by before I go cycling or done jogging. I love it here and will continue going here.This place used to have some class, but after a few managerial changes that class went out of the window.First they charge way to much for their products and expect you to tip  for  poor customer service. Second they are really skimpy on the sprinkles of the Bassett's ice cream that they sell. I think Bassette's would have a huge issue with that. Also, the manager is really bias as to who she allows to sit outside with non-cappricio food. Instead of telling everyone who has non-cappriccio food not to eat it in their establishment, the manager stated that she is a little more " lenient" towards people with Starbucks coffee as oppose to people with whole meals. I mean, a rule is a rule!  If you do not allow outside food into or on your establishment, no exceptions should be made! If you want to get great service, head over to Starbucks where they appreciate your business and won't be bias towards their customers.Capriccio has a cute look to it and a friendly staff but the food and drinks aren't as good as they should be for the price you pay.  It is a little over priced.  The bagels are cheaper then what you would pay at a Starbucks and are ok.Coffee was good.  Price was just a touch over average.  Ambiance left a lot to be desired.  Definitely didn't feel like a café, more like a place for tourists to stop and get a caffeine boost to power through the rest of the day.  Perfect to grab a cappuccino to-go or sit in the outdoor area.I work close by and stop in here at least twice a week for coffee.  In this area it's either starbucks, wawa or capricio.  The location and patio is great for nice weather.  If you plan on meeting someone for coffee in the area this is the spot.  
Their coffee is decent and the bagels are good and about the same price as Starbucks.  The reason for three stars is the recent increase in prices (attributed to vendor price increases) and five dollar limit on debit cards.  Not sure if these small businesses understand that I don't care about your costs or fees that's why I am a customer and not the owner.I went there for a bacon egg and cheese sandwich and it was cold. Cheese wasn't melted, egg and bacon cold. I asked them to heat it up some more for me. The bagel got hard from being heated up in the microwave but the inside (the egg) was still cold! And the bacon was almost raw. Never going there again.Nice atmosphere! A nice refreshing stop to visit in the city. We had a Moscow mule &pineapple marg from Michael... Delicious! + great service!Best mocha yet! Cool vibes & indoor seating that opens to the outdoor seating. Great atmosphere for catching up with a friend or working on your computer. Can't wait to come back!The address listed is incorrect. Cafe Cret is actually located at the corner of 16th and the Parkway.
The waitstaff is very friendly and the selection is appealing but this place is way overpriced. $3.30 for a white hot chocolate? I bought that and a bagel sandwich, which was delicious, and spent over $6. That's just too much, especially when the eggs aren't freshly made and I don't get a serving of fruit or hash browns on the side.Decent latte, tasty almond croissant. Friendly but slow service.I only had a cup of coffee, however I really enjoyed the coffee. I was able to sit and relax, I did not feel rushed. Everything that came out of the kitchen, smelled and looked delicious. I will be back to have both their coffee and a meal.Ok there are only two pro's to this place:
-The Barista with the blue eyes who is as nice as can be
-The fact that they have/sell (just espresso I believe) La Columbe which is the best coffee in this city.
Otherwise I am not sure why this dump is wasting valuable space.  The coffee is entirely overpriced and tastes like garbage water (I think Starbucks might even be cheaper and its merely across the street).  The one woman who works there is a nasty child who treats you with nothing but attitude.  She has the worst customer service I have ever encountered in my life.  They yell at you if you sit outside (a friend once bought lunch from here and I had my lunch and because I did not purchase my food at this overpriced place they told me I had to leave but my friend could stay....).  The first time I went here about a year ago, I actually had to bring the coffee back because it tasted SO bad.  I have worked close to this place for two + years and maybe gone... three times.  Honestly I just don't understand how they can justify charging what they do for the food/coffee.  I do love supporting small business but I will stick to the WaWa and Starbucks.  Additionally, even if I wanted to pay for this overpriced crap, I could not because they do not accept cards here.  I never carry cash and I'm sorry but lets move up to 2013 like the rest of the world.Came for a glass of wine in the afternoon and the gentleman was extremely nice and cordial.
Came back for coffee and had a very bad experience with the lady taking my order.
Very rude! 
Should definitely get some more training on costumer service
Still I'm given them 4 stars because of my previous experience and the quality of the product.Here is my lists of reasons why Cafe Cret is one of my go-to coffee shops.
1) Indoor seating with lots of natural light.  This means that when I end up sitting in this place for 6 hours, I feel connected to sunlight (or rain or clouds or whatever the weather is like).
2) Free wifi.
3) Power outlets like whoah.
4) It's never super busy.  Lots of people roll through, but there seems to always be seating.
5) It's open fairly late.  Not like midnight late, but when I wake up at noon and don't get rolling until 2p, I can still chill there for a good amount of time.
6) There is muzak, but it ranges from totally bearable to good.
7) I think that they put crack in their Tuna salad sandwiches.  They're amazingly delicious, and if it weren't for the mercury content of tuna, I could probably eat one every day.
Overall, it's good times.
Also, yelp currently has the wrong address for this place.  It's at 110 N. 16th st, NOT 3 Benjamin Franklin Parkway.  I had a pretty epic adventure trying to find this place only to realize that I was looking in the completely wrong location.  Don't be me.Frigid here in the city of Brotherly Love....out of Penn Center and walking, chilled to the bone this morning.
Very adroit barista---my cafe AU lait was perfect.....extra hot, nice foam, all without me even asking. The cashier is from my hometown in CA:)! See how far a smile goes? Even Susan Cain couldn't argue that point, yeah?!!
PS open at 6:30 AM. Useful to know.This is a nice, sunny spot in near the Logan Square/Parkway section. They serve coffee, gelato, assorted pastries and sandwiches as well as bagels. Staff is very nice. They could use a training on espresso though.Nice, quaint place.  I only had coffee because they had run out of the Cuban sandwich and a couple others (probably because of the Made in America concert happening down the street), but service was prompt and pleasant.  I look forward to a return visit.