AMAZING!!! I'm from NJ and I've heard so much of this place from friends and family. My boyfriend had the tilapia, shrimp and potatoes and he loved it. I had their wings and corn so well seasoned and fresh. Highly recommendThe service was really good and the platter that my wife an I got was delicious.
i would also recommend to try the desserts, the Tres Leches was delicious.OMG!! The food was DELICIOUS!!! I had crabcakes, shrimp, corn, potatoes, and broccoli. I WILL order from them again! I used UberEATS which made it uber convenient since it was raining and cold.Happy I finally found a seafood spot that is clean fast and friendly staff!! Love it hereThe shrimp platter I had was really good.  It came with sautéed butter garlic shrimp, corn, broccoli and red potatoes. Everything was good.  The shrimp is peel and eat which can be a little messy but was worth it.  Loved how the vegetables were seasoned. Some of the best broccoli I've had that didn't have cheese on it.  They also have a deal I got where you get a slice of cake and a homemade juice for like $4.50. That red velvet cake and guava juice were so damn good.So. Very. Good. I kind of not want to give a good review to keep this place the hidden gem I perceive it to be. I am not even a seafood fan but they won me over....all the way. The cherry on top is the staff. Super sweet. Even gave us complementary drinks - which were delish as well. I will be coming back every time the seafood craving strikes.This lil hole in the wall is amazing!!!! Ate there for the 1st time tonight OMG!! Im hooked!! I got the #1: 12 shrimp, broccoli, corn on the cob n potatoes. It had just the right amount of seasoning. Had so much flavor. It made my house smell so goodThe food was DELICIOUS! I ordered based on the Grubhub reviews but decided to Yelp my review because they deserve more reviews here. The seafood was fresh, I ordered crab legs, with 6 shrimp, broccoli, and potatoes. My Mom ordered the flounder with rice and beans and gave it two thumbs up. Everything was flavorful not just your typical platter with butter thrown on it to "flavor it".  I'll definitely be going back! I live too far for delivery so, hopefully uber eats adds this as an option in the future.I've always enjoyed eating seafood and Captain Hooks is quite the exceptional Seafood restaurant. Their portions are large which makes it a great bang for your buck. I highly recommend this place!(Try their Banana Pudding it's incredible)What a treasure I found in this place ..Wow.. fantastic soups ...Love the crab cakes and shrimp and all the secret spices they use.. Really enjoyed all the seafood ordered and can honestly say was truly the best I've had since Bookbinders closed!!!! Also great speedy delivery by ubereats  despite being so far away, delivering the soups piping hot.I gave them a 2-star because when a customer has a complaint or that the store manager, cashier supposed to give you credit and then it's someone new at the register and no one knows nothing about it. I haven't been there in a while we went Sunday after I got off of work to get something to eat they was all out of crabs. And my husband was not feeling that he wanted crabs and salmon but they look like they really didn't have any food so he said let's go and go to another restaurant. So we might try to give this restaurant another try but at that time we had to go and it was in the middle of the day and a nice day so everybody probably wanted Seafood but my concern was about my credit so they wrote my name and number down and said if the young lady that used to work there called when she talks to the lady she will ask her about my credit. But at this point the credit doesn't matter cause I don't know when the next time I'll be back in the store. And don't get me wrong there food is good but you have to tell them exactly what you like or what you want on your platter because that's why I had a credit because they had messed my order up.This place is insanely good! The best seafood I had, it should be on par with Genos and Pats when it comes to Iconic food places in PhillyGot the Cajun chicken fingers, they were great! The container had holes in it so my fries won't sogg up I appreciated that. Food was goodSoooo good!! Food was delivered on time and HOT which is hard for seafood. Every single thing was good! (mussles, snow crab legs, crab cakes, fries, potatoes, broccoli, corn, hush puppies) To me the hush puppies stole the show because I expected them to be mediocre but they were pretty flavorful! Can't wait to order again!I usually order from Grubhub or Ubereats & wondered why I never rated on Yelp. Their food is amazing and they have super fast preparation/delivery. Their blueberry lemonade is awesome :)Decided to order in tonight and totally don't regret it. I got the shrimp plate with the corn, potatoes and broccoli and it was SOOO good. My mom got the crab legs and loved them!! May need to eat here again before I leave!!I have ordered from here several times and I can honestly say that I've never had anything bad. Definitely my favorite place for when I want soul seasoned seafood and I don't feel like doing it myself.Oh my god! My seafood lovers this is the place to go. I ordered tilapia with red potatoes, broccoli, and shrimp all in garlic butter. The food was well seasoned in Cajun spices. I enjoyed but I would definitely order again just with less garlic butter.Great food speedy service, all they need are printed menus so you can call ahead, the menu is huge, so many variations to choose from. Wide variety including wingsThe front desk lady was really nice, warm, and welcoming. The place was very clean. The digital menu that is located on the front desk was nice as well. Now for the food: there is only one word to describe it which was AMAZING! The seafood was nicely seasoned and had a fresh taste. My boyfriend was a fan of the food as well he ate his whole platter so I can tell he really liked the food but he is picky with his food. I would highly recommend this place; don't shy away from the neighborhood it's truly a diamond in the rough.I've been to other Captain Hook's around the city and this by far is the best one. Everything that I had was made to perfection. My gf, who is not a seafood lover in the least, absolutely loves the Garlic Butter shrimp. They are amazing, cooked to perfection with the perfect amount of seasoning, butter and garlic. The crab legs were also amazing and steamed to perfection. This place is going to be getting a lot of my business. Definitely recommend.Love love love. I got the shrimp with corn Broc and potatoes. Everything was so perfect. Best thing for me is the spice level!!!! Quick hot and fresh seafood. 
I've also tried the seafood salad. Beware it's high on the spice. Which for me was perfectly amazing.Given  I live so close I frequent this place quite often. Every time I visit I typically order the same thing which is one of the seafood platters with either crab legs shrimp or mussels accompanied by potatoes, corn and broccoli. When on a budget one day but still craving seafood I opted for the crabcakes and rice and beans platter. I'm very saddened to say that the crabcake platter did not live up to the others.  The rice and beans had no seasoning and the crab cakes were extremely over done .... sticking to the usual from now on.K7,I came all the way from dirty Jersey with a friend  just the eat @ Captain Hooks..  Well it was definitely work the drive.  The crab clusters, shrimp, wings, hush puppies, vegetables and fresh juices areThe customer service is GREAT! The place is clean...the food is EXCELLENT! I would HIGHLY recommend getting your seafood here.I ordered delivery through UberEATS, food was amazing! I got the snow crab/shrimp platter, lobster bisque, seafood salad, and a side of crab claws. Excellent! Sooo much delicious butter.Was craving seafood. Found Captain hooks while scrolling. Ordered some butter garlic shrimp with homemade blueberry lemonade. My boyfriend got crab and homemade strawberry tea. Absolutely the most amazing seafood I have had in forever!!!!! Would recommend wet naps over napkins though...I love this place! Food is consistently delicious. I order off of UberEATS, I had one mix up with one of the drivers cancelling my order and the man who answered the telephone took care of it right away! Good food and good customer service  :)This place is so good. Found it on uber eats and the service was great. Good came in a good time and was delicious. I ordered the spanish rice and a half a pound of garlic shrimp. Definitely recommendAMAZING! I enjoyed my order so much I went back the next day! Everything was perfectly prepared. I am a seafood lover and this by far is the best seafood I've had. I can't wait to visit again when I'm in the area.This place is great!   My new go to spot for snow crab legs and fried fish.  Worthy of everyone one of the 5 stars.One of my favorite street food places. Their seafood platters are YUMMY. I literally go crazy for these food. If you love spicy food, you will definitely FALl IN LOVE with them. The owner of the store was super NICE, they are patient and friendly. Love the food, love the people.Let me see that we have now eaten for this restaurant three times in the past week. The food has been consistently amazing. I will say though that the $10 ad on of potatoes corn and broccoli is a bit of an overcharge, I'm still happy with the food. I will pick up was a bit later than 9 o'clock as well, but I don't mind having to order delivery. I ordered the sautéed scallop platter with broccoli, corn and potatoes.  My GF had a crab platter 2 outta 3 times and last night has the same as me + shrimp!! Again, AMAZING!! BTW.... the 3rd pick is simply me having to prep and organize my platter prior to devouring it!!Captain Hooks is a great new place right by Temple- really fresh seafood, steamed veggies - delicious! So glad to have this new spot in the neighborhood. Student friendly and great prices! Really polite quick service too ;) will be back soonExcellent and amazing with quality and service..
We love the chicken, shrimp and crawfishI ordered the shrimp platter with mild sauce and it was good. Delivery was fast and I would order from them in the future. The shrimp was good and tasty and they were huge. I enjoyed the meal and will tell my friends that love near there to order their seafood from Captain Hooks.Omg yum, Captain! 
Seafood Cajun style in a hole in the wall place with no seats and tables...very much like grub on ship deck! (Or so, that's what I picture in my mind with the restaurant's name.)
Don't expect much on the interior.  It's a to go kind of seafood shack!  
Best crab cakes that I have had for a long time!  It had a zest of lemon in the mix. Garlic butter (add a dollar more) with what I opted on spicy sauce of the seafood is spicy.  I would suggest the mild sauce if you want to taste their sauce!  
I ordered the 2 legged crab sets with mussels!  It's so bomb.  I was nomming like no tomorrow.  They have broccoli bits, a whole corn on the cob in half and potatoes added to the whole order. Complimentary choice of house made juice drink is provided with each order.  I got the pineapple lemonade juice.  One can add shrimps to all orders and they have chicken wings as starters.  I'm loving all the food items from the menu.
I was seafood fulfilled, surely!  It was so garlicky and rich with seafood rich.
Friendly cashier.  I can see this place expand and improve on dining eventually. 
You got me hooked, Captain Hooks!This was my first time eating at this establishment. The customer service was excellent and they answered all of the questions we asked! They were very accommodating to all of our needs. We ordered two platters and were even given extra hot sauce. I will be eating here again. The garlic butter was pure heaven and then with a hint of hot sauce, I didn't know what to do with myself. Lastly, the strawberry tea was nice and sweet and hit the spot.I was so excited to visit this place with my boyfriend. We're from NY , live on the water so we're big seafood people. Unfortunately captain hooks didn't live up to the hype that we saw from the past reviews.
The location I don't care about. I love hole in the wall restaurants they usually have the best food.
The cashier was friendly but while placing our order had numerous side confersations with other customers/friends which was kind of annoying mid speech placing my order.
We seen a review about a "secret sauce" but neither the cashier or the cook knew what we were talking about. So we opted for BBQ. 
I order the sampler, crab sticks, shrimp, whiting with fries.
Service- 3/10
Wings 5/10- this sauce can be found in your local supermarket . I believe it's the HUNTS brand. Lacked season and was very slimy. 
Crab sticks - 1/10 - tastes weird,  no flavor and we're very soft. Thought they would have been crispy
Whiting -  10/10 - seasoned well and nice! 
Shrimp 2/10 were not cleaned at all. Shrimp still has he digestive tract / poop in it. More breeding then shrimp. For a seafood spot I was disappointing the most in the shrimp.
Fries-7/10 - although she asked me did I want the works (Cajun, old bay, salt and pepper and some other spices) I ONLY received pepper. Bummer! 
I wouldn't return. Hopefully they get it together though for the sake of seafood lovers around !This has been one of the best food experiences I've had in a long time. The seasoning on the veggies is a little hard, the shrimp sauce and the butter sauce are amazing. Everything was cooked to perfection and the wait wasn't long at all.First time trying this place. Saw the great reviews and pictures. I have to say I'm impressed. I found this place on yelp because its my fathers birthday. He wanted to try American style seafood and crabs. Call them ahead of time and order #7 just for him to try out. I'm not much of a seafood or crab guy because I see it everyday for the past 14 years. Got to the spot and it's this little store hiding on the middle of the block. 
If I didn't use navigation I wouldn't even notice it. The service was nice friendly and fast. Got home and I was expecting to be one of those small snow crab pieces and tiny mussels. But nope, it was good decent size crab and mussels soaking in buttery garlicky sauce. My pop love it and took down almost the whole tray but he left some for me to try. 
My take, it's good. The sauce was cooked just right that it clings on to the crab mussels potatoes and broccoli. Love how they don't hold back on the minced garlic. But I'll let them know to go easy on the old bay or crab seasoning. It wasn't overwhelming but just a little on the salty side for me. But that's just my taste. Other that this spot is a hidden gem. Will go back and let my buddies know about it too.Anytime I come to Philly my mission is to eat at my favorite Cheesesteak spot. I now have to add Captain Hooks to the list on places to stop. I ordered the scallops and added shrimp. Seafood cooked perfectly and enough butter to baste a turkey with!Right in the middle of North Broad. If you afraid of urban or "sketchy" areas this ain't for you but the food is excellent. I had the colossal crab leg platter with sides an it was hittin. Honestly tho my favorite thing might be the wings with the old bay fries. Basically if you looking for a spot with good seafood that ain't gon run you a crazy amount of money then this the spot.This place may look like a hole in the wall but the food is great. The only thing better that the food is the service. The employees were helpful, friendly and very patient. Definitely going back for seconds...A little more expensive than some other places but the quality of the crabs and mussels I had were great! I also had a fish "sandwich" which left plenty to desire -- it was a piece of fish between bread...that's it! I was quite disappointed with the fish "sandwich". It only take a little extra effort to make your items top other establishments. Example: putting lettuce and tomato on a sandwich costs little. I'd check them out again because of the quality of seafood--hopefully that doesn't change over time.this place is open ! one of the best seafood spots in philly ! you definitely get your money's worth here. i typically get a snow crab platter.I've only ever ordered from them via UberEats. The food is amazing and the seafood is literally dripping with flavor. I definitely recommend.My food was great. Full of flavor fresh. I ordered spicy and it was the perfect balance of spice and flavor. The staff were super friendly and patient as I asked questions. I odered the crab legs and shrimp platter which came with red potatos/broccoli and corn. Good portions for the price. I also ordered the crab cake and it was made just right no fillers. Order the strawberry tea mixed with peach lemonade. It was so good. I would definitely return on my next trip to Philly.This a hole in the wall joint with no option to dine-in however Captain Hooks seafood is the best seafood that I have had since relocating to Philly. Everything tasted fresh. The platter was flavorful. I really enjoyed it.  Can't wait to return.Drove over an hour to get here and it was so worth it. This place is the bombbb. My boyfriend and I both got the shrimp & muscles platter ( his spicy & mine mild) with a side of rice and beans. The shrimp was not deveined  before it was cooked but Everything was amazing and the butter sauce that it was soaked in was sooo good. Will definitely come back for more. The only thing I wish is that there was somewhere to sit because they didn't have any seats inside. However, I will still continue to support this place and hopefully they'll get their own restaurant !! I almost forgot to mention it was extremely cheap for how much food we received. Worth the driveFood was excellent. Plain and simple. Ordered fried flounder with rice and corn and it was delicious. I cannot wait to return. They also have fresh prepared beverages...highly recommend the pineapple lemonade!They are OPEN!!! Food is just as good if not better than before and they have a working telephone number! They are active on Instagram @ CAPTAIN_HOOrdered on Uber Eats and only got half of my already overpriced food. Never again! 
PS: stick to whiting and crab because the shrimp is subparThey are OPEN!!! Food is just as good if not better than before and they have a working telephone number! They are active on Instagram @ CAPTAIN_HOOK215.PRICE GOUGING! I noticed there prices were always higher on uber Eats. So I stopped ordering from uber Eats to avoid the limited over price menu and started picking up my food. Well now there crabs are 23 dollars a pound: and they excludes the platter, which comes with broccoli corn and potatoes. When previously it was 22 dollars for the entire platter. Now you have to add the sides for 10 more bucks. Not to mention they are rude sometimes the wait is a hour. And they leave you on hold at times for 15 minutes.Excellent! Read reviews online and decided to get serious with my life and go get some food! The food was so delicious and fresh! Had the shrimp platter and it was seasoned so well! The service -  amazing! Omg the strawberry ice tea is the business!! Everything was amazing. Keep it up guys!Food Is Good. But This Seafood Place is extremely unprofessional when it comes to the time their suppose to open up, if you advertise you open at certain time, open at that time. That is extremely unprofessional and bad customer service . Also there is no number to contact the store to place an order. It's 2020 come on with having no number for a restaurant.  If They get the above problems together it definitely have potential to be a great seafood place. Nevertheless. Right now can't recommend to anybody because having good food, & customer service goes hand and hand. The food is good. But the professionalism and customer service is horrid! Hopefully they get it together.My absolute favorite place for seafood. I come here often, the waitress (I guess I can call her that) knows me by name because I'm such a regular.  I typically get the snow crab legs with shrimp and steamed vegetables. The crab is so fresh! I normally gobble up the crab and get stuffed and forget that I got veggies too! Very tasty and generous portions. 
If you haven't ordered from here, there's not time
Like the present!
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!EXCELLENT SEAFOOD!!!! This place is absolutely amazing. There are a lot of options and we're fairly priced. You can't eat here though, so plan to take it home or find somewhere to eat it  This place is an order and go business. 
The portions are HUGE! You get a good bang for your buck. 
There is street parking available but it gets packed quickly.Amazing!
I could stop my review there, but I'll just say it one more time... AMAZING!!! 
If you're looking for a seafood spot, stop searching... you've found it!Now this is what you call a seafood place!  I've been waiting to get a chance to experience what everyone was raving about.  I went on a Friday night about 45 minutes before closing.  The menu was loaded with many seafood meal options with a good price range.  There weren't any tables so they are set up for a to go business.
I settled on the 2 snow crab clusters with 6 shrimp (it was my lucky day, I got 8) to go.  For ~$27 that's not a bad deal and better priced than well known seafood chain.  The wait was a bit long, I believe they were also fulfilling delivery orders and call ins.  But once we got our food we were pretty excited.
Once we got home and opened our meal we were pleasantly surprised at the amount and size of our food.  If you are determined you can finish it in one sitting.  My hands were a mess due to the sauce but I didn't care one bit.
It's official!  I found my go to seafood spot!