My better half and I visited them several weeks after they first opened. It's difficult to find a bad pizza place in Philadelphia, and the pizza here was good (but not excellent). 
We ate at the restaurant, which was a mistake; this place caters to take out and delivery. Our waiter was the same person who delivered pizzas, answered the phone, and acted as the cashier; the only other employee was the chef.  Our glasses were wax cups and our plates paper.
Because our service was so slow, they gave us a free order of garlic knots -- rolls immersed in garlic butter. Quite tasty, but quite fattening. 
All in all, a good place to order from, just not a good place for a sit down meal.Best pizza in Manayunk!  The slices are generous in size, the sauce is both sweet and spicy, and the crust is thin.  At $2.50 a slice, it's well worth it!  Jimmy knows how to make a pizza!Most Manayunkers seem to view this Main St gem as a neighorhood take out/delivery joint, but I've discovered it to be just as, if not more appealing as an eat-in.  A casual atmosphere, upbeat wait staff,  open view of Main st passers-by, overall GREAT pizza for a GREAT price, not to mention BYO, a perfect relaxed environment to kick back on any night of the week. The Pomodoro pizza was quite oily with the pesto, but the Meat Lover's was hearty and delicious, the mozarella cheese fries are a must-try.For pizza outside the NY/NJ area this place makes a good pie. Their slices are gigantic and the management and staff were always friendly anytime I stopped in for a slice. Good pizza, good price, good service. I definitely recommend it, especially after a late night.I was really prepared to hate this place when I came to pick up my pizza. Rude phone service, the tomato pie wasn't available, and my second choice (margherita) was $16. Damn!
But in spite of all those hitches, it turned out to be an amazing thin-crust pizza. Crispy, chewy, tangy, full of flavour, wow.
I'll brave the bizarre service for more of these delicious pies.New owners ran it into the ground. It's now permanently closed.This review is for delivery service. 
I had company over a couple weeks ago that ended up staying all day. They got hungry and we decided to get takeout. We searched for some good local pizza and decided on 2 large pies and a 2-liter soda. I was astounded when the delivery total came to $50. However, when the pies arrived, we realized they were bigger than normal. (The box couldn't fit inside our fridge. Bittersweet feeling, ha!) 
The pizzas arrived warm and delicious. The cheese pizza was decent, but the BBQ chicken pizza is soooo good. Lots of solid barbeque sauce, chunks of shredded chicken, green peppers, and caramelized onions. So I guess it's a little bit on the pricey side but at least it's for some good pizza.Had the pepperoni steak tonight. Not terrible. Rib eye tastes fresh, decent amount of flavor, fried onions were great. For a delivered meal at 8:30 pm I would say it was a good deal. I would recommend it.Caputo's has become our favorite Manayunk pizza place.  They cook the pizza exactly how we order it (light cheese and cooked extra long).  And the sauce is delicious.Good food. Probably one of the best pizza places in the area. A little over priced and the croutons in the salads are waayyyy too big! Other than that, we're definite repeat customers.I LOVE this pizza.  I think it is some of the best I've had.  They deliver close by as well, which is nice.  However, the staff in the store is less than pleasant most of the times I've been there, so now I usually just use delivery.  
Try the "Kicked Up A Notch" Pie.  I love it.A pricey pizza but a good choice in Manayunk with quality ingredients for the price. Did not like the Calabria pizza, too spicy. Grande Formaggio and Pomodoro are delicious. Better than Couch Tomato, in my opinion.OMG. My bf and I just moved to Manayunk from center city and asked a local bartender for a pizza suggestion. He overwhelmingly said Caputos and I ordered delivery as we were walking out of the bar. Less than 30 mins later I had a pepperoni and sweet sausage pizza I would do anything short of kill for. Do yourself a favor... Order pizza from Caputos.I just moved to Manayunk from Chicago area. I must say that I was so sad leaving the wonderful and copious options for pizza behind in the Chi but when I got here we ordered delivery from this place. I have to say that this pizza is fantastic! Maybe I wont miss home pizza so much after all.Great pizza, the sauce may be the best part. They deliver later than others in the area which is nice when you are getting home late.I'm a fan of thin crust pizza, so Caputo's was right in my wheelhouse. Visited on bike race day the other weekend and was pleasantly surprised upon my first visit. Big slices, good toppings, great crunch and crispiness to every bite. I mean if you like thin crust pizza, you will be a fan. Girl working the counter also was very nice, she even entertained  the antics of our friend who let's just say may have had a few too many adult beverages. She was super nice as we all joked around. I will certainly visit again.We ordered late one saturday night. Pizza was hot & fresh. Perfect amount of sauce and cheese. Crust edible and done just right. Other than costing over $30 for the two pies it was very good.I ordered from them last night, I got 4 items, and see the picture I uploaded for this review.  Add up what I got and it comes to $28.50, throw tax in there and it should have came to $30.78.  Somehow they calculated it to cost $35.65, somehow I didn't catch that before leaving.  I'm hoping they see this post and can explain why they charged me nearly $5 more, I'm not sure what's going on here.I went to school in philly and went back last weekend to visit some friends.  Caputos is a pizzeria located in Manayunk.  I don't like it.  The people who work/run the joint are not that friendly, their sauce is a little spicy which is a nice changeup, but the dough they use stinks, the crust isn't good, and the grease from the cheese overwhelms the whole slice.  Although philly seems to have trouble in the pizza department, there are better places to grab a slice from.Best pizza in Manayunk. 
We had the margarita pizza & the Kick It Up a Notch pizza. The sauce on the marg pizza was out of control... so delicious. We also got a meatball parm sandwich to share... 4 huge homemade meatballs on a good italian loaf. noms. garlic knots are so good as well. 
the pizza guys are awesome and funny too which is always a plus.Had 2 slices of plain pizza. 
Thin crust. 
Sauce was a bit tangy. 
Not greasy. 
Crust was on the dry, crispy side. 
I'd say it was fair at best.Caputos is under new ownership and currently undergoing some amazing renovations. Lucky for us, they are still serving the same delicious pizza and hands down the best cheesesteaks around! They are open until 3 AM on the weekends for the bar crowd and offer discounts if you like them on Facebook!!So we (my bf and I) ordered from here last night b/c it's one of the few places on Main St. that I have yet to experience. When I asked him if we should check it out, he said that he had at some point and it was decent enough ... good enough for me to give it a shot. So he call and place our order and that's when he remembered why he had never gone back. 
Whoever they have taking orders is a complete jerk. Very rude on the phone; using profanity when my boyfriend ordered something that was not on the menu (back story: he was placing the order while at work and didn't have a menu on hand, I had texted him with their number and what I wanted). So I understand that ordering something that is not on the menu may be annoying (FYI: he wanted a turkey club) but be a decent human being and have some respect for your paying customers. 
He ended up ordering a cheese steak instead and picked it up on his way home; no issues b/w said jerk and my bf when he picked up the food. 
I had ordered a chicken parm and when I got it was a big mess of rubbery cheese, little and greasy chicken cutlets. I took two or three bites and that was it. The cheese steak looked alright but being that I didn't try it, I'm not going to review it. 
All in all, not the best experience. Customer service is lacking and hot sandwiches are sub par. Don't expect to be going back any time soon.Placed an order online via grub hub. I ordered a chicken cheese streak and cheese fries. It took nearly 2 hours for the food to come, and once it did I didn't even eat it. The fries were a cold soggy mess, and didn't even have cheese like I asked for. The chicken cheesesteak was burnt and dry. First and last time I order from thereNot worth the 20 plus dollars for a large burnt pizza with 3 toppings.the crust was so thin the toppings fell right thru. Wont waste my time again, many better options in town
,The guy who brings the pizza to the front counter on friday and saturday nights seems to be on reved up, he's nasty, arrogant and hypered up to the max.
 On the good side, the sweet girl that takes your money after they issue you a slice of pie is incredibly nice. I asked for a box for my slice of pizza and the hypered up dude freak literally threw the box at me .Also, my slice was cold..first time for that!
 It's a shame, because 80-85% of the time the pizza is not a bad value based on the size and price. Don't go in there on a weekend..and that's not because of the yupee clientel but the hypered up freakie kid who pisses everyone off... Even the intoxicated!Ok pizza, a lot of people said it was spicy... Didn't bother me so much.  Used a groupon without any issue.  Probably just the fact that its on main street will keep me away.I've been thinking about this review for a week or two, since the last time I ordered from Caputo's. Tonight I ordered again and thought this would be a good time to write this review while I wait for my pizza.
This will be the fourth pie I've ordered from Caputo's.
The first two times we ordered a Sicilian.
The Sicilian was very good, it wasn't quite what I was hoping for, but having never ordered from them I didn't know what to expect.
The crust was good, the sauce was great, overall it was very good.
The third time we ordered the Grande Fromaggio .
This time both my wife and I agreed that this was without question the best pizza we had ever had.
The cheese they use is of the best quality, straight from DiBruno Brothers in South Philly. You can't get any fresher than that.
The sauce really stands out in this pie. The tomato flavor in the sauce is perfectly balanced against the sweetness and spiciness it really pops in your mouth.
The crust is a nice thickness giving a perfect foundation for any toppings. It's not overly doughy which tends to fill you up and sometimes even overpower the rest of the pizza, this is almost a science it's so well balanced.
Let me add that their service is very good too. When I ordered tonight I said that I want to order "The best pizza in the world." and before I could tell the man what pizza I was talking about he laughed and knew exactly who I was and what I wanted. Not bad for only ordering three times prior, and only once had I ordered this particular pizza.
So very friendly, always a joy to talk to, and takes the time to talk to you.
If you are in the neighborhood, or maybe your from the neighborhood and have never tried a Caputo's Pizza, I cannot recommend them highly enough. You will not be disappointed.Don't expect any customer service at Caputo's.  All of the people who work there are rude thugs who don't care about the customers.  The pizza is ok, most people only go here because its the only place open after the bars close on Main st. and when you're drunk everything tastes good.  There are so many better places on Main st. to go for pizza.Is this place even open anymore?  We stopped by on a Saturday night and it was closed. Nobody answers the phone when you call.CAPUTOS!!! (anyone who has ordered delivery knows what I'm talking about). This review by the way is completely based off of delivery...
The pizza is good, which is an accomplishment in Philadelphia. A wide variety of speciality pies & generally fresh ingredients appear abundant. Delivery is painfully slow though. Usually an hour. Minus one star. Still recommended though.Another late night 'yunk eatery... Luckily, their pizza is actually decent and their staff is easy going.  Expect long lines as 2AM approaches and slightly reduced quality due to the drunk rush. If you happen to be in the mood for a quick bite and its not late night, Caputo's is certainly worth a shot then too!The best pizza in Manayunk for sure. The sauce on the margherita pizza is outstanding and sweet. I think its totally worth the slightly higher price they charge.
Favorite thing to do is BYOB and just sit in and share. They're open late too, so it always gets fun.
They seem to be having issues lately with their oven, but when they're open, it can't be beat.My fiance and I love Caputo's pizza! Great crust, great sauce, great cheese!This place has one of the best pizzas in Manayunk- super tasty, and well-priced. Love it!My only experience with Caputo's is delivery. We went to pick up dinner from them once, and discovered the hard way that there really is no place to park, so we stick with delivery. The only place I've ever ordered delivery from where they apologise for being on time.  
Their pizza is good, as are the wings (even if they are a bit greasy), but for me it's the spinach salad and the antipasti that are the real winners. I make no bones about the fact that I hate vegetables, but they make nice salads here.I love pizza. No, really, I do. I can wax poetic about the crusts I have tasted and the sauces I have smeared. I also travel a lot and have been working late, so I've been ordering a lot of delivery. Particularly delivery pizza. So, having tried a few other establishments within the realm of Manayunk (and elsewhere), I decided to give Caputo's a try.
I ordered via their online ordering system which was easy-peasy and then commenced to waiting. It did, in fact, take them just outside of an hour to make and deliver my "Boardwalk" pie, an order of garlic knots and some mozzarella sticks. An hour. I've come to realize that in most of Philadelphia, this is standard. But in my non-Philly brain, I still think that this is slightly insane.
As part of the online ordering system and due to nature of my current living situation sans doorbell, I always give the restaurant (that seems too generous for many of these places...establishment, maybe?) my cell number so upon arrival, the driver can call up and I can come down the three flights to meet him (her? it's never been a her, but I don't want to preclude that possibility). Last night, with all of my windows open, I heard the driver pull up and watched as he got out and proceeded to take out his cell phone. Instead of waiting for the call, I just grabbed my phone and started down the stairs. 
My phone never rang and when I opened the door, he was actually walking away from the building. I'm going to give him the benefit of the doubt and assume that he was going back to his car to check my phone number. I hollered out to him and he came back, saw my phone in my hand and said, "Yeah, that was me trying to call." I said, "Well, you never did call." He looked at me with the skeptical eyes of disbelief and then shrugged, "Guess I had the wrong number." He was a surly, sloppy looking kid and his general demeanor lends itself to the idea that if I had not heard him pull up, I might not have received a pizza to enjoy last night at all. But, again, benefit of the doubt. He was going back to his car to check on my number.
The pizza arrived warmish. It wasn't cold, but it was definitely at that point where the mozzarella cheese has started to congeal a little. The first thing I noticed about this pie was the lack of sauce on it. When their menu reads "drizzled," take them at their word. It was drizzled on top of the mozzarella in a spiral pattern. The garlic knots were also warmish and smelled heavily of garlic (a good sign for garlic knots, a bad sign if you have a hot date later). The mozzarella sticks were...mozzarella sticks.
The garlic knots were okay. The dough was a little dense and pretty dry, for all of its chewiness. They were soft without a real crust on them (so either baked in a really humid oven or in an oven at a lower temp than required). They REALLY needed the side of sauce to alleviate the feeling of having a mouthful of raw dough (the dough wasn't raw, folks, it just felt that way after chewing for a while).
The pizza was okay. It wasn't bad. But it also wasn't stellar. Caputo's sauce is spicy (like in terms of Scoville units), but underneath that heat, there's not a lot of flavor depth.  The sauce could probably benefit from a dash more salt and maybe a little more oregano or something. If you are a spice wimp (for instance, you think Pace Picante Sauce in its mild form is a bit too much heat), you might want to steer away from this particular pizza joint. The crust was chewy, but more cracker-like in the unsauced areas than it was crusty and the dough really wasn't all that flavorful. 
The mozzarella sticks were the standard arrived-frozen-from-the-distributor slop. Gross. The pug ate them. But then, the pug eats anything. We, the humans, were none too pleased. But that's our mistake for ordering non-pizza food items from a pizza place, right?
In terms of pizza, this one isn't bad, hence the 3 stars. But if you want a mozz' on the bottom, sauce on the top concoction, go with Santucci Brothers. Their pizza is better, their sauce tastier and they deliver WELL within an hour. I'd go with Caputo's over some other places I've tried in the not-so-distant past, but in a head-to-head battle, Santucci Brother's square pizza would totally win.Have gone here a few times, only for the pizza.  The large is an 18'' inch pie that is quality made.  Nice zesty flavorful salty sauce, topped off with a perfect amount of cheese.  Also, the boardwalk pie, sometimes called red top is the best of it's kind in Manayunk/Roxborough.  I'm not sure of another place that even serves this style.  Franzone's in Bridgeport/Conshohocken is the only other place.
Well, the boardwalk might be their best specialty pie which is an upsidedown pie layered with cheese first then loaded with sauce on top.  It's like you're grabbing a slice on the Ocean City Boardwalk.  Superb!  Also have had the "kick it up a notch" which equally as awesome, only enhanced with Garlic and spices.  Instead of throwing out the crust you'll be fighting over it!I am generally a fan of Caputo's. I really like their crispy crust and spicy sauce. Their pies are huge for the price and delivery is free. My favorites are the Boardwalk and the Bianca. Product wise, my only complaint to date has been the Margherita, which I thought was skimpy on both sauce and cheese.
However, I had an annoying experience this past Saturday night. Caputo's says they are open and delivering until 3:00 am but, apparently, that is pretty conditional. They actually only do large, plain pizzas that late but  they don't tell you that until you try to order something else. We called around 2:30 am. First I tried to order mozzarella sticks and was told "hon, we only do large pizzas this late". So I tried to order a large Bianca and was told they were only doing large PLAIN pizzas. So I said no thank you and called Right Off Main, which delivered our mozzarella sticks and white pizza pronto.We stopped for pizza yesterday during the Manayunk Arts Festival, even at less than optimal conditions (it was brought outside for the event.), the pizza was excellent. The crust was crispy, the sauce very flavorful. We got the "kicked up a notch" type, and it was great. Just wish I lived closer to this place to be able to go more often. I think this what pizza is supposed to me. By the way, it is not usual for me to feel this enthusiastic about a pizza. Most of the pizza in this region tends to have a limp per-fab crust and bland sauce. This was exceptional.We stopped in for a slice for my hungry 2 year old who ended up devouring an entire slice.  The service was great.  The waiter came over and sliced up the pizza for my son.  The price was excellent for 2 HUGE slices and a bottle of water and soda it was like $8. 
The pizza was fine.  Crust could have been thicker, could have been more cheese.  These are fairly nit-picky details.   But the price is right and we will come back!this past sunday afternoon, i met up with my folks at the manayunk arts festival where artists were peddling handmade jewelry and knickknacks all down main street.... and the only thing i bought was a slice of pizza from caputo's.
straight from the oven to a paper plate that barely contained it, i liberally sprinkled on my requisite oregano & crushed red pepper before biting off the tip that drooped off the edge. then, folding the slice in half, i took another bite, which oozed with sweet sauce and gooey cheese, leaving drops of bright orange grease on the paper plate. nom nom nom.
dad looked over to ask how it was, which is dad speak for "can i have a bite?" i obliged, and he, a born & raised new yorker, enjoyed. so much so, that despite being full from brunch (note: i didn't brunch with them), it wasn't long before dad ponied up his own $2.50 for a slice which he kindly shared with me & mom.
i wish caputo's had been around when i lived in the yunk (i moved out 6 years ago) as i struggled to find a good pie during those 8 years. for those who live there now - appreciate & enjoy it.I've only ordered online, so I can't talk about the decor or most if the staff. 
However, they always beat their expected eta for food delivery, usually by 10 minutes. The delivery driver has always been jovial and more than accommodating by giving a call before arrival. 
Now as far as the food goes, do yourself a favor and get the margherita pizza. Tangy and apparently all from local suppliers. 
The cheese steaks are simply impossible to beat at this price. Pats, genos, jims, and tony Lucs (especially tony Lucs) can't touch this place.Is this place ever open???? I tried a few times this summer and they have always been closed.dont like the spicey sauce. overpriced for a 2am slice.This location is no longer open, after calling several times and not getting an answer I drove down and saw a lease sign in the window, shame, they had really good gluten free pizza and large slices....Great gluten free pizza! Only downfall was my roommate mistakenly asked for a vodka club and couldn't fulfill her wish. GREAT FOOD!I have ordered many times from this place and have had a positive experience. The pizza is average and is once of the only places open late night. I have also had other items from the menu which have been really good. The hoagies are great and the fries are as well. Overall definitely one of the best delivery places in manayunk.Caputo's is great. I've ordered (delivery) from them about 5 times and I keep coming back for more. Their neapolitan pizza is thin-crust but with a bit more-than-average sauce and the perfect amount of cheese. It's very tasty, with crunchy crust and rarely greasy. I've also had their buffalo chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, and garlic knots -- they're all amazing. I've sampled the best pizzas across the area -- from Atlantic City to Cherry Hill, Scranton and throughout Philly and NYC --Caputo's definitely does it right when it comes to their food. Also, their delivery is nearly always quick and friendly.
Other than the food, the people here are the best. They treat you like family and are quick to correct any problems. I had an issue with one of my orders (they went to the wrong address due to a typo and took over an hour to get to my door from 10 blocks away...oops) but they were quick to repair the damage. I got a call from the owner that night and was offered sincere apologies and a free pie next time i ordered. It was more than enough to smooth things over...and the pizza was so good that night, i called and got another the next night.
Trust me, you can't go wrong by picking Caputo's. Enjoy!First of all, Caputos is the best pizza on Main Street....hands down, no questions asked.  I don't know the owners, I'm not being paid to write this....I just signed up to tell you that Caputos is the best pizza on Main St.   Please completely disregard Carla's review below....how in God's name do you go there and want a turkey club and then settle for a cheesesteak and chicken parm!  It's a pizza place!
The sauce is spicy and very good....cheese and crust excellent...slices are TWICE THE SIZE of any other Main St. pizza place.
If getting pizza on Main St., you gotta go here.  True, the guys working at the counter aren't going to be the friendliest folks you've ever met, but it's the best pizza.The pizza was over priced but great.....the ONE time that I could get it. The place is never open. They have the worst hours of any pizza place I have ever heard of. They even said they were going to open for lunch and they were for like a week then all of a sudden stopped again. I dont understand it. The pizza isnt that great that they can get away without opening for lunch.The kicked up a notch is my favorite pizza in manayunk- the sauce and cheese are perfect with just the right amount of spicy. Jaime, who works the front, is so accommodating and friendly. She even made it happen when I requested a heart shaped pizza for valentines day. Great place.Caputos is hands down the best pizza in Manyunk and the best around the service is friendly and cool the owner is super nice and the pizza is spectacular if you need  awesome pizza look no further.Caputo's, I love you. Your Boardwalk Pie is the greatest thing since sliced pizza. My friends don't like your wings... but I'm okay with them. You're always friendly, and you're always open. You've taught me how to love a pizza place like I never thought I could.
I can't say everything else on the menu blows me away enough to give 5 stars, but you get a 5-star rating based on the Boardwalk Pie alone.I am the kind of person that likes a good pizza, I tried many, and usually they are just ok, and taste the same. But must say Caputos is really good.
We got the upside down pizza with garlic and herbs. 
Man was it good! The sauce had a lot of flavor, the cheese was very fresh and spices blend together really well. This is now one of my favorite pizza places, good people and really good food.This has become our Friday night pizza joint! The best Margarita pizza I have had so far! The sauce is heavenly, sweet and flavorful, fresh mozzarella and basil
The people are always friendly delivery is quicker than promised.
You collect the pizza slice magnets and get a free pizza after 8, which we have already received and working on our next one!Service: 3*
Food quality: 3* (I don't do half stars)
Food quantity: 4*
Speed: 4*
I am an adventurous eater, but I've ordered barely one quarter of the menu thus far. They've corrected their mistakes and made me feel like a valued customer.
I've used their delivery service, take out, and dine in and have yet to be disappointed.
I'll be back.