Carman's serves incredibly large portions that are only exceeded by their ridiculous price.  While I loved the goofy atmosphere, the sloppy and mediocre omelet, unsanitary conditions and overpriced dishes are enough to deter a revisit.  I have to say that I'm glad I went, but only to satisfy my curiosity. The coffee is decent and the service is as exceptional as you would expect from a place that seats 14 customers, but $20 for an bad omelet and coffee??? ridiculous!!I LOVE this place. Carman's is a small neighborhood Gem. The food is only rivaled by the service. The small staff tries to really get to know the customers and after your second visit don't be surprised if they know you by name.  The menu changes every week (on Saturdays I think). There are always 4 things on the menu: Pancakes, French Toast, an Omelette, and some type of meat or seafood. The twist is that you never know what these things will be paired with. Carman (the owner) runs the kitchen and makes everything herself. She comes up with the most spectacular dishes. I try to go there several times a month and I'm never disappointed. 
Things to keep in mind: 
1.Cash only
2.They don't require reservations but its always better if you call ahead, bc the place is so small and there really is no waiting area inside.
3.There is no kids menu or kid sized servings, though there's always pancakes or french toast on the menu. The decoration is also colorful and adult (think a mug with boobs on it set on a shelf) . I took a child here and have seen other children here, but if you are the type of person to be offended by that sort of thing then leave the  children at home. 
4.For a special treat Carman's also has a pickup truck that sits outside which has a picnic table and chairs seated in the flatbed of thee truck. If you call in advance you can reserve this seat and sit there. I think it can fit about 6 ppl.The French toast I had was soo delicious. there were 4 items on the menu and there was 4 diners in my party SO we just got one of each item.
The least favorite was the Jelly Bean pancake- Not a hit.
Hits were the Challah french toast (with the delicious sausage). Also the omelet was great. I would say the Salmon dish was number 3.
The place is quite small so don't show up unexpected with your party of 15. 
It's quite far from where I live so I won't be dropping by randomly anytime soon. But I would add this to my list of places I like to eat.Make no mistake, the food was very good.  And the staff was extremely friendly.  However, I give it three stars because of the price, limited selection, and unimpressive atmosphere.  
My wife and I visited last Saturday morning for the first time.  As suggested by previous reviewers, we called ahead to ensure a spot.  I wasn't so sure at the time, but this is probably a crucial move if you want a seat.
The staff was extremely friendly, and had two seats reserved for us at the counter.  The counter itself only accomodates four, and even then it's a tight squeeze (the two spots next to us were occupied the whole time we ate).  There are a few small tables as well.  Overall, this restaurant has VERY limited seating.  
It's a little dark inside, and has a lot of homeade decor and pictures.  It's "quaint" I guess, but it could certainly use a little updating if you ask me.  They did play 88.5 xpn, which was a major plus in my opinion.
We were given the choice of about 4 or 5 dishes for breakfast.  My wife got pancakes, and I got lamb osso buco.  The portions were very large, but did not include any breakfast meats (you can purchase them extra though).  Mine did include eggs and potatoes.  They were both well prepared and tasty.  My wife's pancakes were very fluffy and delicious.
After we finished and looked at the bill, we saw that each dish cost approximately $15.00.  Furthermore, I didn't have enough cash to pay (it's cash only), so I had to run accross the street to the police station (closest ATM) to take out more money.  All-in-all it cost about $37 for our meal.  Pretty steep for breakfast.if you can afford it (a plate + side + coffee runs about $20) this place is totally worth it. make a reservation. the menu varies according to season and availability at the local market. usually an omlette, pancake, waffle and some other random option. the country sausage is AWESOME! wait staff is super nice.
and, carmen is hottie.creative ever-changing menu, food made from the heart.
loved the challah french toast, so satisfying. washed it down with 2 cups of yummy coffee served by a delightful smiling young man. as has been stated before, very limited seating. but once you're in and seated, the atmosphere will make you smile with all the silly things you'll see on the walls and shelves.
recommended as a place to catch up with girlfriends on a weekend morning, or a place to steal away to on an unexpected weekday off. :)Delish!
This place has a nice changing menu, and great fresh ingredients.  We sat at the counter and watched one of the worked peeling at slicing apples while we waited for our food. Carman was in the back putting together her yummy food.  It really felt like being in someone's kitchen.  Except for the risque decor. 
The food came out hot and fresh, and the portions were enormous.  
This is a great place to enjoy a good breakfast with friends in a nice friendly atmosphere.If you're looking for just a normal/everyday type of meal, Carman's isn't the place to go.  From the decorum--to the service--to the food--- this place offers an off-the-beaten path type of dining experience.  The place itself is very small (only a few tables and very cramped at that) so unless you make reservations on a Saturday morning, you could have a long wait. The server's are personable and friendly and take the time to explain the menu to you in detail.
When we went to Carman's for breakfast a few weeks ago, they had four menu choices and since there were four of us there together, we decided to get all four meals and share them.  I'd really recommend doing this--we all enjoyed the variety of flavors and having shared all of it, it also focused the conversation around our food experience.  Every dish we tried was fantastic...  
You should go and experience it for yourself.What else can I say that hasn't already been said?  I guess all I can do is share what was on the menu on my first visit.
We rolled in just after noon on a Sunday, following a late night or rather an early morning out on the town.  We were informed there would be a 45 minute wait.  Fully expecting this I was prepared to wait, but the rest of the crew weren't so enthusiastic about it.  After a little reasoning and persuasion (we're just going to stand around waiting someplace else), we put our name in and killed some time on 9th st.  
When we returned we were promptly seated in a tight little table by the front door.  After pouring a round of mud our server gave us a quick rundown on the specials of the day.  They included savory baked bean and smoked cheese pancakes or belgium waffles paired with andouille turkey sausage, challah french toast topped with cantaloupe, raspberries and fig served with lavender/lemon zest syrup, an omelette packed with lima beans, jersey tomato, onions and the like with breakfast potatoes and an option of bacon on the side, and a london broil with onions and peppers with potatoes.  
My roommate and I opted for numero uno, pancakes for him and waffles for myself and our lady friends both chose the omelette.  My roommate was a bit wary of the unorthodox batter additions and our friend Sarah quipped how she wasn't fond of lima beans, but I assured everyone they were in good hands.  
Eyes wandering in between coffee curls we became aware of the phallic centric theme about, interspersed with mammary knick knacks and brick-a-brack procured from Carman's travels.
After a few chuckles our waiter came over with our orders.  Each plate was as satisfying as anyone could have hoped for.  Maple syrup linked up perfectly with the baked beans in my waffles, which were crisp on the outside and fluffy in between.  The sausage was pleasantly spicy and flavorful.  The omelettes rivaled the waffles in fluff factor and were bulging with big fat chunks of ripe tomatoes, lima beans and slop sinks, and the potatoes were among the best I've ever had.  Portions are itis inducing but It wasn't too much to ask of us to clean our plates considering how delicious everything was.
I suppose the only reasonable excuse you could provide for still reading this is Carman's ain't open right now.  Because if it is you should already have your name down for a table.the food was fabulous, you get 5 choices on the dry erase board.  when it's warm, you can sit in the back of a pickup.  the slogan is she put the c*&t back in country.  semi friendly waitstaff, we waited a while for our food but it was so good it didn't matter.
downside: super crowded on weekends, and there is no line, people will just walk in ahead of you, this happened to me on more than one occasion.  The last time I was there, they didn't give me any dulce de leche ice cream with my french toast and this was after 10 people walked in ahead of us.  i was very disappointed, that was the whole reason i went there.  i haven't gone back since, perhaps if they have an actual sign in sheet or something, things would work smoothly, and if they don't have any more ice cream perhaps erase it from the dry erase board?  perhaps i'll return in hopes that i won't get shafted again.Great brunch place in south philly. A local favorite so it gets very crowded on weekends. Plan ahead. Don't recall having one bad item. Ever. If only this place was in Old City or Rittenhouse...Basically you either love this place for its unique charms or hate it. My wife and I love it. Carman and her staff are very friendly and the food was great. If you are offended by seeing replicas of breasts and assorted penis, or if you are under the age of 12 then this place isn't for you.
I love that the menu changes constantly (daily). You may be waiting awhile because Carman prepares every dish to order. Sit back relax and enjoy the scenery until your food arrives.I was pretty excited to try Carman's food 'cause she got so many great reviews on Yelp, but ended up being disappointed. 
I decided to try the omelet and, well... sigh. It was watery and undercooked. All of the ingredients that sounded so yummy at first did not go well together: dates, seeds of some sort, lamb sausage? maybe? (forgive my awful memory, please!) and a lot more. Everyone that went with something other than the omelet seemed super pleased, so I'm hoping that I just had one of her failed experiments. I'd really like to go back and try another dish ... I've not lost faith in ye, Carman.Carman's card says "Putting the CUNT back in Country". And she means it. She's rude, disrespectful to her neighbors, and has an ego that quite frankly, isn't justified. Her food is mediocre, her prices are insane, and the place is dirty. She served under-cooked pork sausage, and when the dish was sent back to the kitchen, she sent it right back out and said that's how it's being served- like it or leave. NOT ACCEPTABLE. I live 3 blocks away and would rather walk a mile further than every go there.I like places that are so tiny as to be not only eponymous and operated likewise but feature extra seating in the back of a pickup truck in decent weather.  If you don't eat in the truck be prepared for a phallic bombardment.  Not in a culinary sense (gross?), it's the theme for the decor, done in an almost kitchsy manner.
Good food, nothing life changing but very very good.  Make sure to chat up Carman while you're there but don't pet the dog, its not too friendly.I rarely write reviews but thus needs to be noted. Cute corner cafe with perverse decor. Not appropriate for children. If you want something simple, need not go. I wanted an omelette or eggs of sorts. One omelette on menu with no modification allowed.  I ordered pancakes because per waiter that was the only way I could get egg. I ordered an extra side of toast. There was a hair in the dish of butter I was given after receiving my food 45 minutes after ordering.  Waiter never acknowledged I was eating food, only eggs. Hair happens, but when you offer no simplicity on menu and don't offer or even attempt good service,  there's a problem. I doubt I would come back.  There was a dirty spoon in sugar bowl at table. Not sure if it was quality or lack there of on owner or employee, but cleanliness and lack of customer service. It wasn't busy enough for server to be overwhelmed.Like everyone said, the place is small.   The bar fits about seven people and there are three tables inside that can fit about four people each.  Since the weekends are popular, I suggest calling in ahead of time to indicate when you plan to arrive; theyll make every effort to have a spot availble for you when you arrive.... that or be prepared to wait about 20 minutes. 
Staff is gregarious and always smiling; they will introduce themselves and expect you to introduce yourself as well.  Again, its a small place, so they are not swamped with names. 
Water is served in glass jars and they have an ecclectic collection of mugs that look like they were salvaged at garage sales.  Adds to the charm of the place, I suppose.   
The white board behind the bar listed the menu. Very simple.  Only four choices: pancakes/waffles, challah french toast, omelette, or a roasted chicken dish.  Each of these entrees was priced at $12 and sides (turkey bacon, sausage, etc...) was an additional $2.  
My friend and I ordered the omelete, and while mine was okay, my friend found her omelette too runny for her liking.This is a super cool hipster spot, that foodies and serious food bloggers might not enjoy to much...It has some really great points: cozy, funny/adult decor, some pretty inventive and great tasting food, and other points that can turn a lot of people off: limited menu, limited seating, no changes can be made to ordered items, and it can be a bit pricy. 
When I went a while ago I had an omlete of some sort with apple wood smoked bacon, it was fantastic, but as I stated above, it is very "hipster," and a bit of an insider crowd vibe, like a smaller trying to be cooler version of honey's.
Final verdict, if hipster's dont bug you, and money is no object then you should check this place out, because they come up with some pretty cool food creations.I have a friend who's been to every "cool/unique/off the beaten path" spot in Philly. So, while I can impress my less in-the-know friends with random urban discoveries, this one buddy keeps me on my toes. I finally one-upped her at Carman's. It was actually the first time I'd been there too. 
We walked into this diminutive diner (there's bar seating for about 4-6 people -there's no liquor though- and a few tables) and were seated right away. Our server came over, asked for our names and proceeded to rattle off the specials. I can't remember exactly what they were, but I got the feeling that Carman's the type of woman who goes shopping the day before and buys whatever's fresh. Figuring out what to make with it seems like an afterthought. Somehow she manages to pair the most unlikely items together and keep it delicious.
There's subtle penis iconography strewn throughout the diner. It doesn't come off as tasteless though. While I was sitting at the table, I remember looking out the window and glancing over a little plush piggie. How darling! Upon closer inspection, his little bits were hanging out.
"Carman puts the C U N(ext) T(uesday) back into country." That's what the sign reads, folks. 
Oh! You can call in advance and have your name put on the waiting list. There never seems to be too long of a wait though.I've been back here several times since I wrote my last review.  Each time I am impressed and receive confirmation of my favorite brunch spot being full of awesome.SUPERCALIFRAGILISTICEXPLALIDOCIOUS is as unique as Carman's Country Kitchen who claims in her business cards that she is putting the ____ back into the country.  I will leave the full phrase to your imagination.  
I would recommend to have reservations which means call ahead that morning and decreases the chances of a wait.  Regardless the pleasant, perky, pleasing personnel will make sure that a mug of freshly brewed hot coffee lands on your hand will you wait. 
The staff will introduce themselves to you be ready to do the same.  It is polite and they want you to do so.
The seating area constitutes of an L shaped bar and there are several small tables available. They will make everyone in your table to get cozy and cram together for space constraints.  I find that this makes it intimate.  The small place is infused with mismatching decorations including a picture of Carman not too long ago. 
The kitchen is in the back where you can see Carman preparing the meals.  You can say hi.  She does not bite, and is very personable. 
Remember: Do not expect to have a long conversation with her since she is cooking brunch.  Get it. OK!  Move along now.
In the summer she has seating in a concerted van, truck or whatever you want to call it. 
If you are afraid to break a nail, do not want to sit on a patio or collapsible chair, needs structure in everything this is not the place for you.  I personally enjoy it not only for it's excellent food but also for it's flair.
The menu is based on several main brunch dishes that alternate their composition based on what she finds in season. She also has great marmalade my favorite is the one with Rhubarb. 
There are salty menu items like the omelet and sweet items like the waffles. Listen for the sausage of the day.
Do not plan to eat anything else for the rest of the day.The food was delicious (albeit probably not that healthy). The service was excellent. The truck was the most unique culinary experience I've had. But the price was also very high ($20+tips for a dish, no beverages). For my budget, that's just too much except for a one-time experience, and I definitely wouldn't consider indoor seating at that range. But if the price is no object for you, go ahead and indulge.There a few things we need to get out of the way. First, the place is tiny and you may end up sitting at the counter even if you call ahead (and you may get splashed while the dishes are being done if you sit at the counter). Don't plan to come here with any more than four people. Second, the decor is... mature; don't bring children. If you are comfortable with a small and eccentric environment, then we can move on to the food.
Very good! I went with my roommate for brunch. The menu is a whiteboard behind the counter and had three or four options. We ordered the omelet and French toast. The French toast was MUCH better than Sabrina's (the egg soaked all the way through the challah). It was served with fig-infused goat cheese and topped with a variety of delicious fruit. The bacon that came as an optional side was crisp and not too oily. All delicious. Didn't like the bottled orange juice.
The omelet was fairly standard. I can't recall the type of cheese used, but it did have green tomatoes and sweet onions, which were very nice. Served with a side of potatoes and sausage. The sausage was great, but the potatoes were, again, fairly standard. I would've preferred them to be on the crispier side, but to each his own. 
Portions are large, and I didn't feel gross after finishing the meal. Cash only. $14 per dish if you don't get the suggested sides (sausage and bacon in this case). Came to 19 each with the OJ. All in all, solid - I'll be going back, especially for the French toast.The best brunch in Philly ten years running. Carman's weekly creations never fail to tantalize, the bottomless coffee always hits the spot, and the ambiance is unbeatable. Being able to walk it off in the Italian market down the street is a bonus.
Make sure to call in advance to secure a table. While it's tough to squeeze a large party inside, if you're adventurous you can fit up to eight skinny adults in Carman's pickup truck. It's by far the raddest table in the city.If you want great food and a fun atmosphere with true local color, this is the place. Call ahead to make sure she keeps a table for you. And don't pet the dog. :)You walk in to this tiny, crowded corner rowhouse fitted with an old-timey curvy countertop and a random assortment of two-person tables with patio chairs. Sooooooooo much to look at and listen to (colors, art, kerchiefs, a wonderfully eclectic cast of servers and customers), it takes a while to find the blackboard menu at the center of it all...but once you do....WHOA! BRUNCH!! (And it's different every day!)
On this day:
1. pan fried cod with brussel sprouts, fried eggs, hash browns, chicken/mushroom sausage from Martin's (fresh from the market at the center of town)
2. waffles with strawberries and coconut and M&Ms and ricotta mixed right in
3. challah bread French toast with pear/almond/ginger sauce
We loved it all. We guzzled coffee, and tried not to knock over other customers with our overly-animated eating. And we congratulated ourselves over and over again for remembering to call ahead.The noted "shortcomings" of Carman's (less than stellar cleanliness, high prices, odd and sometimes irascible service, the eccentric and  potentially off-putting decor) are, IMHO, a necessary part of the place's overall mystique.  Without these qualities Carman's is just another breakfast spot.  WITH them, it is a unique and never-to-be-duplicated Philly institution.
Oh... and the food is out of this world!  Creative to the point of craziness at times, but that's the point!  My advice?:  Let go and let Carman!
Frankly, you don't know Philly fully until you venture here at least once.  Don't go changin', Carman!Best breakfast spot in the city. There, I said it.
At first, I was hesitant to go...all the way to South Philly? For breakfast? But what the heck...lets do it. And it was SO worth it. For starters, as noted, the place is very, very small...three tables (I think) and a few spots at the counter. Thats it. One cook, one server. Somehow we lucked out and got there when the counter was empty (on a Sunday, no less) so we didn't have to wait. But, apparently, that can happen often. The server, Alexei (sp?), was incredibly warm and inviting, and we were seated with large mugs full of coffee/tea right away. No menu, save for what is on the board...4 choices, I believe. Somehow choosing from 4 dishes is harder than choosing from 40...not sure how that works. 
Anyway, I went with the omelette. Stuffed with steamed broccoli, onions, goat cheese, and some other tasty tidbits I can't recall (oh yea, it was BIG), it was served alongside potatoes, toast, and lamb sausage. Fresh preserves, too. Simply divine all around. I ate every last bite, and didn't need to eat again for almost 12 hours. This is not a cheap breakfast place (the bill for 2 was slightly north of $30), but worth every penny. 
Also, as previously noted, the decor is totally unique (and totally South Philly). Hard to describe, other than to say you need to see it for yourself. Won't find this in Center City (or any other city), that is for sure. I hope to return, soon, and dine in the pickup truck parked outside (yep...pickup truck). Lots of friendly conversation will be had (as everyone in the place is within normal talking distance), as well.
If you are a picky eater, and/or the sort who always has to tweak something, you might want to think twice about coming here...Carman don't take no guff. But I hope picky eaters don't read Yelp, so this warning will likely be unwarranted.
Finally, people, its CarmAn. Not CarmEn. And bring cash.The french toast was overly sweet... Like mouth full of sugar. I was unable to make it even halfway through. My friend had the turkey dinner omlette. It was watery and definitely lacked a lot. On top of that, almost choked on a turkey bone in an omlette! Not really worth the $12... The only thing that I would rate with 4 stars is the service. Dissapointed....This is a funky place that I was excited to visit.  Unfortunately it didn't meet my expectation.
It's funky enough alright, with limited seating inside and outdoor seating in the back of a pick up truck (never saw that before!).  I didn't care for the fact that there were two large dogs (Chows) in the front seat of the truck barking at us when we first get on the truck bed.  It was also a bit concerning to have traffic whizzing by with the truck parked right at the  intersection, not to mention the stench coming out of the nearby sewer while we were eating.
The food was so-so, overpriced and choices were limited.  Coffee was very good and our waiter couldn't have been nicer or more attentive and kind.  He was probably the highlight of it all.
What can I say, I experienced it, but I probably wouldn't return.Call me crazy - as much as I love fine dining breakfast kitsch will always hold a special place in my heart (and belly.)  Having dined at some of America's greats - Dottie's True Blue, Griddle Café, Bongo Room, Miss Shirley's, and Pamela's to name few - I knew that Carman's Country Kitchen was a must on my visit to Philadelphia.  With lunch and dinner plans starring Marc Vetri and still sated from Modo Mio the previous evening I knew daytime snacking would be light and a solid breakfast would hold me the six hours to lunch - per usual I woke early and hit the ground running, arriving at the Country Kitchen before they even opened the doors.
With the truck-table parked outside I took a seat on the hitch for only a moment before the front of house man would open the door and say "she ain't ready yet, but you can come in and take a seat and have some coffee or something."  Making my way into the restaurant the server introduced himself by name and asked for mine - he'd call me Mike for the duration of my meal.  Browsing around the small diner I have to admit the décor is not exactly G-Rated, but it certainly is hilarious - pigs and tea pots with enormous genitals, pictures from God knows where, and the famous "Put the C*nt back in Country" signage.
Sipping my coffee - dark and solid, a bit acidic but not "bad," I chatted with the server about what I was doing in town, the restaurant, and Philly in general - he had a lot of suggestions for interesting things to see and do.  Around 8am Carman herself would come in through the back door with an enormous grocery bag full of ingredients that she picked up on her way to work - things to "experiment with for next week's menu."  Browsing the big board I made my selection (remember, only 4 mains and 4 sides are available) and Carman introduced herself and conversed boisterously from the back kitchen while preparing my food.
Offered a selection of newspapers, magazines, and other assorted reading materials I browsed the sports section while we discussed the restaurant's history and other spots Carman recommended in the city.  Never short on words or opinions Carman held up her end of the conversation admirably with lots of anecdote - for a solo diner who would spend the duration of his meal at Carman's as the only person in house it was actually very interesting.  After 20 minutes and a couple cups of coffee my plate would arrive along with a dispenser of thick, rich, maple syrup.
Entitled Buttermilk Pancakes with White Figs, Dark Chocolate, Ginger, Ground Almonds, and Anise I tasted a bite solo and then added syrup.  At $14 and cash only for an Aunt Jemima based cake I have to admit the price seemed a bit steep for the portion size, but what was lacking in size was more than made up for by flavor.  Impressively well balanced I was shocked by the sweetness of the figs and the manner in which they were balanced by the bitter dark chocolate and aromatic spices of the fresh ginger and Anise.  Well cooked and fluffy the pancakes were stellar examples as well - whatever Carman is doing to the base mix I need to figure out.
Finishing my pancakes and settling the tab I chatted with my hosts some more - parking cop lore, stories of the best places to go drinking in Philly, and her theory on why the Phillies were slumping all came to the table - I was also given a business card and told the menu would be changing the next day if I wanted to make a reservation because "it gets busy early on Saturdays."  With food and service so impressive I have no doubt it should.after anticipating a great meal, i have to say i was dissapointed by poor execution. the place is charming with its southern dive motif but failed to deliver on what it was aiming to do. the ideas were nice but the end product was mere satisfactory. the waffles lacked a butttery quality and the the lemonade soaked peaches failed to complement the dish effectively. 
The southern buttermilk fried checken breast was cumbersome and i was hoping for something that was closer to the classic Southern favorite. it would have been better to serve a solid chicken fried steak. the menu is still very inventive and the decor is fun and cute. it's still an experience in this city but the food is better in other places.This is a place you could go to for the atmosphere and experience alone and would have a great time. We called ahead to tell them we were coming in and when we had to wait outside briefly for our table, the server brought out the sign with the day's four choices so we could consider our order in advance. I had the challah french toast was light and tasty, and my friend's pancakes were delicious though extremely heavy. I would advise you to choose waffles over pancakes if you can't decide, because the pancakes are extremely large and filling. Another friend ordered the omelet with veggies and lentils, but I didn't try any of that. 
We tried only ordering two things (knowing that the portions are huge and we wouldn't be able to finish it) however when it's busy they make each person order a meal. We had an entire plate left over in the end. I understand the economics of making everyone order food, but I wish places would consider their portion sizes and what should be considered a reasonable amount to eat...we would have gladly payed a dollar or two less for a half sized portion. This was my only real gripe... so just make sure you're super extra hungry before you go or that you're able to take leftovers home with you (we were running around all day, so it would have sat in the car for way past what is deemed safe to eat).See ya, Carman's. Glad I was able to finally have brunch here after years of wanting to and never getting around to doing so. Was my one and only time worth it? YES! 
BOOBS AND PENISES EVERYWHERE. Minimal seating options. Friendly service. Great atmosphere. Nice specials (I had the pistachio crusted catfish) and very good coffee. This place had lots of personality. I hope something worthy replaces it.I have been dying to get to Carman's for a while.  It was a great little locally owned brunch place.  It can fit about 11 people.  Total.  6 more if the picnic-table-in-the-truck is available.
We were served by Alexis at the counter.  I got the Challah french toast with pears, blueberries and a dollop of peach ice cream with a mint leaf.  There were more ingredients but it's so hard to remember.  It was quite tasty but didn't seem especially french toasty.  It was more like big bread with a bunch of stuff on top.  I was a bit disappointed with the maple syrup - it was really runny.
He had orange juice (a little Tropicana bottle) and scallops and grits with scrambled eggs and toast.  According to him, "it was yummy".
I probably should have ordered the pancakes/waffles that had some interesting combination with sweet onions and some other lovely additions.
I certainly plan to go back and try out whatever's up there!This place is exactly what you will expect of the name. It is disappointing that people come here and expect haute cuise and five star accommodation when the draw of this place IS the "country" feeling. 
1. The food was incredible. This weekend we ordered the stuffed French toast (with lime custard, champagne mangoes, and pineapple) and chocolate cherry pancakes. We also ordered the chicken sausage and chorizo. It was well prepared, delicious, and came out in a timely manner. The coffee was NOT bad at all.
2. Waitstaff: Carman's daughter was there and everyone introduced themselves. We were offered water and coffee as we waited for about 5 minutes for our table. (I called ahead of time) They asked for our names and were extremely polite and attentive. Loved it.
3. Carman: She was working in her kitchen and was very friendly, looked like a million bucks, and told all of us that we looked gorgeous. AWESOME! :-D 
Price-wise, it came to about $45 for the three of us. High five Carman. Not bad at all. I was full for the rest of the day.this place ROCKS! I had the absolute pancakes here today, and am hoping they make a comeback sometime because that was just bliss. Mixed into the batter was fresh grilled corn, apples, dates, and crushed walnuts. ABSOLUTE BLISS. 
Other specials we tried were lamb stew with middle eastern spices and a kale omelette with chicken & garlic sausage and yukon potatoes. Everything was AMAZING, down to the homemade jam served with the toast. Specials were around $14 plus $2 for adding a side of meat, but portions were BIG. 
Service was very friendly, and though you have to wait for a table kind of in the middle of the place since its so small (read: 8 seats at the bar plus maybe 4 tables), we were served coffee while we were waiting and genuinely enjoyed just hanging out and taking the place. 
the icing on the cake was seeing Carman herself cooking the food through the service window, which is right below a massive painting of her from back in the day, and of course framed with two huge crowns. Carman is definitely a badass mama, and she is the queen of homestyle cooking.Ah, Carman's. Some people love it, some people hate it, but I'm a fan. I had a great experience any time I've gone. 
I had a white chocolate & lavender waffle once. I have to say, it was freaking fantastic. It came with fresh sausage from the Italian Market which was also pretty great. I didn't mind the coffee, even out of the boob mug.
Carman was pleasant to me (her daughter's name is also Jenna, who is apparently a pain in the ass from what the waiter said), she even waved hello & said good morning. 
The place is tiny, rather crowded with crap and, yeah, Carman can be moody. If you want a great breakfast, go there. Just shut up and eat. You're not there to socialize, you're there to eat.Carman's is the best breakfast/brunch place in Philly.  I don't care what anybody says.  She (and the staff, when they're working) is fun to talk to and attentive, and the menu is always innovative.  Where else does the menu change every day, the staff address you by first name, and the food is always prepared by the proprietor?  Moreover, Carman is an exceptional cook with a fun, kitschy "luncheonette" space in which to have breakfast or brunch.  I can't recommend this place highly enough--although I hope you don't come here the same day as we do, since Carman's is so small.As of 11/18 there is a sign inside saying they will be closed from Thanksgiving to the end of November, then reopen from December 1st to (I believe) December 16th before closing for good.  So if you want to go, go quick.
Also, after reading many reviews for Carman's I kind of had the impression I would be swept up in conversation by the staff here who would become my new best friends and regail each other with stories of sexual endeavors, trips to foreign lands, drug-fueled all-nighters, etc.  While this is fine, and I certainly can hold my own or at least make things up in these areas, sometimes you just want to sit down and have a really good brunch.
You certainly do that here.  So don't be intimidated.  Call ahead, wait out in the cold and try something weird before it's all over.  I had the omelette with Hungarian (which has double the cream versus Greek/Turkish versions) feta, eggplant, mushrooms, and like 9 other things plus potatoes, toast, country sausage.  It was...huge.  I ate the whole damn thing and nothing else for the rest of the day and was happy as a bodybuilder directing traffic.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBSt1CtJEOk
HOT SAUCE.Was just down to carman's again this weekend- and once again she made my tummy happy and her staff wowed me as they juggled more people than you can imagine in the tiny space of theirs. I loved my meal- baby spinach, butter leek and cheese with black mushroom omlette. the bf had french toast soaked in pink lemonade with rasberry's and mangoes soaked in champagne. Do I even need to tell you how fabulous it was? oh i do? well It was just GREAT. 
As always remember small place = call ahead. but keep in mind just because you call does not guraentee you a spot- seriously, keep your cool and be nice and they will seat you as soon as humanly possible. I definitely think if you are seriously OCD about when and how you dine you probably should go other places with more stringent guidelines. (just sayin)Went there once with three friends. I loved it! Food was great, service was excellent and a very friendly staff. Call ahead to make a reservation, because there's only about four tables in the place. I would definetly go back in a heartbeat!This is not a food place for everyone...which is probably why i loved it!  This tiny corner breakfast and lunch shop is bursting with personality and atmosphere, from nostalgic and offbeat decor to the friendly and personal staff.  
We were introduced to both servers and Carman herself, who waved from the kitchen and they asked for our names before taking the time to go over their four menu items of the week.  Yes, there are only four options to choose from and all of them looked delicious.  We went with the squash, red pepper, feta omelet and challah french toast with peaches and strawberry in coconut sauce with some GIANT iced coffees.  The plates were $14 a piece, which is considered a bit high.  However, the atmosphere and portion do make up for it.
Will definitely be back!BEST.
i like the boob/nipple cup.  i like that all of the cups are different.  i like the way the waiter greeted us and told us his name and carman's name as soon as we got in the door.  i like the whole (DIY-type) atmosphere, and the unusually tasty selections on the menu.  i grew up in philadelphia, but have since moved.  this is one place i aim to dine at, whenever i go back to philadelphia for a visit.
the place is a tad bit pricey, but this is one case where it's DEFINITELY worth it.  who has leftover BREAKFAST?  you do, when you go to carman's country kitchen.
be warned: this place closes early and their lines are LONNNG.really great food, best brunch ever! and super friendly service!! thanks Carman for all the love you put in your kitchen....see you soonBreakfast choices in Philly for me in the last 3 years have been: Morning Glory, Sabrina's, 10th Street Pour House, and Honey's.  Enter Carman's Country Kitchen which I had the pleasure of dining at this morning.  The hours are limited - Friday through Monday 8 am - 2 PM and I can only imagine how packed it gets on the weekend days.  There are about 4 tables inside and apparently she uses her truck as an 8 person table on the weekends.  The ambience is quaint (and by that I mean lots of mardi gras beads, cups shaped like breasts, and random porcelain ornaments with an extremely phallic resemblance) and Carman is certainly a warm and inviting host.  
Her menu is limited to what she feels like cooking for you - today there were pancakes with cherrys and chocolate chips topped with berries, a challah french toast with pineapples, mangos, and a key lime custard paired with spanish chorizo (what I ordered), a perch, and a vegetarian omelette.  The menu apparently changes from week to week and there is rarely a repetition.  The french toast was good and the key lime custard perfect - not too sour just the right level of sweetness making the warm maple syrup completely expendable.  
Would definitely make a trip back and have been recommending it to others.  Cash only (there's an ATM across the street @ the municipal building with a $0.50 charge).  Definitely call ahead to get a sense of the wait and if they are open.Other reviewers have hit all the pertinent details for Carman's.  It's small,  fun, penis-full, the food is amazing and not for the picky/wimpy/otherwise boring.  
Go and eat what a really talented and creative chef wants to feed you.  You'll be happy. And full. And jealous of Carman's legs and ability to cook all day in high-heeled mules. xo.Came to Carman's with a friend for brunch. Small space, a few tables and barstools, and strange decor - there were quite a few penis and breast decorations. I ordered the butter milk pancakes (sweet summer corn, apples, dates, and crushed walnuts in the batter) and my friend ordered the lamb stew I believe. Prior to coming, we were driving around looking for a quick but satisfying meal and my friend assured me that Carman's specialized in quick yet satisfying brunch foods so off we went. However we weren't served so quickly in fact a couple who entered a good 10 minutes after us were served first. But when our food came so did a complimentary kale omelet for our wait. The pancakes were above average but nothing to write home about, my friend seemed to thoroughly enjoy his meal and I just couldn't get over how delicious the kale omelet was. It was a tad pricey for breakfast at about $20 (with tip) a person but if you go for brunch ( having this meal take the place of two) then it's worth it. Though there seem to be quite a few people who have made Carman's a regular breakfast spot of theirs, I'm not sure if I'll return.I feel deliciously enriched for having only experienced Carman's once.  I promise myself that I'll be back for more, although I'm on a kick of my own to make the perfect frittata in my own tiny ass kitchen.  
But Carman can whip you up something that you've most certainly never had before, like an omelet containing everything except the kitchen sink.  And somehow, you can still appreciate all the individual flavors.  The homefries are quite like my mom's which I'm sure doesn't coincide with everyone's review, but it was like being home on a Saturday morning...if my mom actually had penis shaped salt and pepper shakers at the kitchen table, that is.  However, the food is hearty, flavorful, and served in large quantities.  You get your money's worth!
Obviously there are rules embedded in your brain after even one visit to Carman's, i.e. Don't attempt to pet Carman's dog or you'll get your arm removed.   Get there early or expect to wait, due to the small, yet charming, seating space.  Cashola only, peeps.  Other than that, sit back, relax, and listen to Carman as she talks to you and her staff about everything from foreign affairs to Jerry Springer.  And she'll cook everything solo style...in heels, no less.The food was excellent, the waitstaff were friendly without being obnoxious and the atmosphere was the right amount of kitschy.
The challah french toast came with a mixed fruit compote that was the perfect balance of sweet and tart and chocolate ice cream - amazing! I actually finished the whole plate (even though it was a huge serving) and was pretty much set for the day. How often do you have a meal that's unbelievably tasty *and* lasts you the whole day?
After reading the other reviews, I realise that we were really lucky to be able to just walk in and get seated at the counter - no long waits and no ugly encounters with Carman. The food was pretty amazing and I'll definitely risk both a wait and Carman-encounter and head to Carman's again. The only downside was that it was a little more expensive than I anticipated - the menu is in the $12-14 range, plus coffee, so that for two people, we spent almost $40.Don't go if you're not willing to try something new or different.  Don't go if you have a predetermined breakfast meal in mind.  Whatever you get, it will be delicious.
Carmen's serves water in mason jars, coffee in all kinds of silly mugs.  When you are seated, the staff of 3 is introduced to you, and you introduce yourselves to them.  Chances are, you will be remembered next time! The friendliness of the staff encourages the small place to be friendly and communicative.  It is a wonderful atmosphere.
You will have a choice of 3 brunch options.  The combinations are interesting, you probably wouldn't have thought of them yourself, which is the best part!  My waffle had berries and bananas mixed into the batter, I don't remember everything I ate, but it was all good, and sausage too!  My friend had pork and potatoes and eggs.  
Coffee, meal, and meat side is about $20 and totally worth it.A gem in South Philly!  Such a fun place to eat!  The menu is constantly changing with the seasons, but everything here is delicious!  Carman is terrific, and will come over to talk to you to see how you are enjoying the food.  A funny story about this place, once me and my sister went here for breakfast about 10 years ago.  The waiter, who was a teenager (and I believe was possibly Carman's son) was going over all the menu items of the day.  On the menu was this incredible french toast with cream cheese, mango and jalapenos.  He told us "It's better than sex...or at least that is what my mom says".  We just burst out laughing when he said that!  Needless to say, that is what we ended up ordering, and it was fabulous!they always have bizarre things on the menu and 6 choices at the most.  the decor is pretty bizarre too, in a fun way. the restaurant's pickup truck claims "carman puts the cunt back into country" and she adds jelly beans, ice cream, and whatever else her little heart desires. she is a sweetie and a cutie. staff do a decent job and are friendly, usually wearing a trucker cap and showing a little butt cleavage.Carman just does breakfast.  That's it.  That's really all this tiny space could accomodate.  And don't try rolling in after two, you won't get a table because they close at 2.  In fact, call ahead because it's often difficult to get a seat.  For breakfast, it's definitely not the cheapest option, but it's oh so worth it.  Carman prepares these world-wise, creative dishes that other people may try to mimic but which come very naturally to her.  
Reasons to go to Carman's
1) Carman. Not only can she cook a damn good breakfast but she's got lots of stories about her world travels.  She's a restaurant owner that you don't mind talking to.
2) The space.  It might be small but there's a hell of a lot to look at.  Not the least of which is a portrait of Carman.  You have to check it out.
3) The staff.  Carman hires pretty much just artists and musicians.  They are all interesting people and good at what they do (including serving brunch).
4) The food.  Last but certainly not least is the food.  As I mentioned before, the creative combinations that Carman devises are stunning.
Also, I heard that she extended seating to the bed of her red pickup truck.  What she calls the 'Chef's Table.'
Things to remember:
1) Call ahead.
2) It's only open from 8 AM til 2 PM.
3) It's only open Thursday through Monday.
4) Carman travels a lot.  When she travels, it's closed.  Call ahead.People have already given a good idea of what the Carmen's Country experience is like.  Let's just say, she DOES put the CUNT back into COUNTRY.  We had an amazing hallah french toast with fresh fruit and real sausage and an omlette with jersey green tomatoes, corn, okra and pepperjack cheese.  Good portions.  Delicious.  Friendly service.  Ended up being about $20 per person with coffee tax and tip.  Not cheap, but well worth it for the quality.  My only qualm was that I didn't get to eat in the pickup truck outside.  Regardless, 5 stars.From the moment I saw this place from across the street, I knew I loved it. That was before I even noticed the outdoor-truck-seating-6-top or all the ceramic cocks on the shelves inside. This place screams character- pure, original, delicious character. The menu was short and sweet and I was torn between the raved-about french toast and the more lunch-y beef stew (we both went for the french toast because even though we love eachother, we could tell this wasn't sharing food- no matter how big the proportion was!). OH MY GOD! The butternut squash and apples brioche french toast was so good I think I hurt myself trying to finish it all. Thank goodness the hubby had to go get cash (cash only, folks), giving me more time to sip my coffee, read a magazine from their basket, and finish off the squash. Go early and you'll feel like you own the place! Wait staff were friendly and fast. The only downside for me was that each item was $14-$16 bucks- kinda steep for brunch, but totally worth it in my opinion. Afterall, it's not just fried eggs.Carmen's is like to going over to your friend's place as a kid  and getting a nice home cook meal... if your friend's mom was an awesome cook and had an affinity for a lot of dick shape art... and kept the dick shape art all over the kitchen. Carmen's menu changes all the time.. apparently she bases her menu off of what proteins and produce looked fresh when she shopped earlier. You usually have a few choices and they are usually delish. I recommend going during a non weekend day if it is possible cuz Carmen is a tad small and gets really crowded on the weekends. Plus Carmen is a trip and if she isn't busy she will probably tell you some crazy travel story while you eat.My husband and I were just in Philly visiting a dear friend who lives within spitting distance of Carman's.  This place is the best!  It looks like a greasy spoon (which would have its own appeal) from the outside, but Carman serves up appealing, innovative entrees with fresh and organic ingredients.  The coffee is fresh and keeps on coming, the water is served in large Mason jars, and the servers are adorable.
Carman is a gorgeous, amazing lady -- definitely some of the local color of this part of South Philly -- and take a look around the place at the phallic decor.  Sure, the gorgeous pinup painting of Carman is something else, but the penis salt and pepper shakers over the breakfast counter are pretty impressive too.  As are the pink teddy bear with the enormous penis and the boobie creamers.  And, of course, the piece de resistance -- the penis shaped sausage shaped with my omelet.
We'll be back next time I'm in town.Been trying to get here forever. Finally did and glad we did...but not likely to go back. 
Most of the previous remarks (the good, the bad and the ugly) are right on. The food was very good, but 2 waffles for $14.00 (no eggs or fruit included) and the delicious pancetta bacon was 3 or 4 more dollars - come on that's just plain ugly. 
We loved the cute, warm, dirty, dingy, weathered atmosphere of the place. Definitely has a ton of character - then add Carman to the picture and you've got one of Philly's truly unique food destinations. 
We also had a delicious big omelet loaded with lots of veggies, toast and potatoes were included for $14.00, but I had to order sausage as an extra for another 3 or 4 dollars. 
The coffee was above average. The service was delightful. A welcoming and pleasant guy asked our names when we entered, provided great, unobtrusive service, and remembered our names as we said goodbye. 
Our total bill (for 2) w/ tax and 20% tip was $47.88. You'd think for that price, you were eating at a luxury hotel.After passing by this place for many, many years - telling myself that I would one day dine here - I finally did.  I loved the whimsical decor (the penis-shaped tea pot on the window sill was my favorite!).  Carman has quite the sense of humor.  I was surprised at how small it was inside.  There were 4 of us and there are only about 2 tables inside that are set up for 2.  There is the table on the back of the pick up truck outside but it was a bit brisk in the morning, so we stayed inside.  The waiter had to make accomodations, but it worked out.  
The complimentary water is served in mason jars - I loved that concept.  I did notice a bit of dust on the window sill which skeeved me out a bit (I am a huge neat freak).  The waiters were so, so friendly.  I loved our waiter's thick Spanish accent : )  We chatted with them about t.v. shows and books.  
Even though there were about 4 items listed on the board, I couldn't decide what I wanted to have - I wanted to try it all.  But after a few minutes of heavy decision making, I went for the salmon omellete, potatos and toast.  The food was good - and at a huge portion - I had to take half of the meal home.  I did find a dog hair under my toast and got skeeved out again.  
While dining, we chatted with the other waiter about things around the city including strip clubs and that's when Carman came out from the back eager to join into the conversation.  I was in awe that I finally got to meet and talk with her.  She is so laid back and so nice.  I am a huge dog lover and we started talking about her dogs who she loves very much!  When she told me that the dogs got bathed often, I thought back to that piece of hair under my toast and relaxed a bit knowing that that piece of hair was a clean piece.  Ha! 
It was a good experience.  The only thing that struck me by surprise were the prices.  I honestly thought that the entrees were all over-priced.  There were 4 of us and the bill came to $80 - I can understand that I had salmon (seafood is on the pricey side), but my hubby had a waffle - I just can't see a waffle being so overly-priced.  But for a really good (and interesting) atmosphere, friendly staff and good food, give this place a try!I legit had one of the best brunches I've ever had. I loved that it was so small and you become bffs with the staff by the end. I ADORED my peanut butter and jelly pancakes and inhaled more than half of them way too fast. And finally, I was crazy about the decorations and total laid back atmosphere. Def, fer sure, TOTALLY a spot I would come back to and eat my heart out over and over and over again.Our table had a boob mug.  Carman's is a kitchy little place on 11th street.  It's TINY.  Call ahead for reservations.  You've got several options on the menu that change all the time.  Recently, I had beligian waffles with ginger & pear...yum.The challah French toast is delicious but prices are a bit steep and the wait can be long. The theme is not for the prudish among us but can be amusing for the rest of the population.  A decent place to grab brunch - just show up early or be prepared to wait on weekends.Carman's is a unique experience. I've been at least 20 times and I have yet to tire of it. The menu is a spectacular new set of four decadent specials every week. There's always a challah french toast, an omelet, a waffle/pancake, and a meat special. I have never had something from Carman's that I didn't love, but I think the waffle is usually my least favorite when I go with a group and we order everything. 
-Do order the side meats, they are always delicious and worth the extra couple of bucks. 
-Do sit on the truck outside if you get the chance, it's highly entertaining.
-Do come here on a weekday. Carman is a high spirited and entertaining hostess when she's in the mood and the place is empty, you'll never run out of entertainment if you get her going.
-Do call ahead, especially if you have a large number of people.
-Don't trickle in as a group (this makes Carman grumpy and hoo boy if you've heard some of the stories you sure know not to get on her bad side!!). Have everyone arrive at the same time, or make sure the people who arrive first know what everyone wants and will order straight away.
-Don't take anyone here who will be offended by a bunch of New Orleans style craziness in terms of decor. There are penises (penii?) and nipples galore, and odds are the word cunt will be plainly visible from where you are sitting.
-This is not health food. Don't think about calories or your arterial walls while you are inside!I want to like Carman's, really I do! I've been taken there numerous times by die-hard Carman's supporters and I get it, every bit; the penises, the crappy coffee, Carman on the grill cooking up a storm in a pair of heels with her fiery don't let the door hit you in the @$$ attitude. 
If you want a table you'll have to wait, if your table becomes available you better hope your whole party is present or that table will quickly become a memory and rightfully so since the joint is tiny.
My problem is the fact that Carman's is a specials only kinda place. She offers 4 dishes, they are ever changing and if you, like me, have allergies or need to make substitutions you are completely S - O - L.
That said, aside from the day she featured duck breast in which she didn't sear off that thick layer of fat nearly enough. When I've gone there and found something I could order on the limited menu the food has been quite tasty. Additionally, it's worth going just for the jams. I've been told that Carman goes down south specifically to acquire them. This might just be an urban legend, but they would totally be worth passing through South Carolina for!My boyfriend and I have been wandering past  Carman's for years. We always wondered what the deal was with the "dog will bite you sign" outside. We came by a card for the establishment stating "She puts the CUNT back in Country" and I knew some day we would have to check this place out. 
Today was that day. 
The food  took about 25 minutes ( I believe she makes everything fresh, it certainly tastes like she does) but it was worth every minute. While waiting we helped ourselves to the magazines by the front door. The guy at the counter (Lex?) Introduced himself to us, and asked our names. it didn't seem like any restaurant I'd ever been too. It felt more like sitting in your grandmothers kitchen. (albeit with a lot more penis sculptures, but hey everyone's Gramma is different. ) I recognized at least 3 kitschy items from my own childhood in the decor. The atmosphere is very laid back, i almost felt like i should help wash dishes!
My boyfriend is the fussiest eater. ever. seriously. The only thing he wanted was Hallah French toast, so he ordered it with the fruit on the side, and I ordered the fried chicken with potatoes scrambled eggs and toast. Wow. The chicken was delicious, not so much "fried" but more like grilled, I didn't mind not receiving a big greasy piece of breaded meat. even the mundane potato and eggs seemed to have a little extra something to them. My boyfriends french toast was HUGE it almost seemed like half a loaf of bread. I ate his fruit (a mixture of fresh peaches, raspberries and black berries with some kind of jam and cream mixture) all the fruit tasted as if it were just pulled off a tree! So fresh! The entrees were $12 a piece, which in my opinion is well worth it. 
I can't wait to bring my out of town friends to this place. In my opinion it far surpasses Sabrina's and Black and Brew. (if only for the many penis' throughout the establishment)I'm not a big fancy brunch person, I like my standard eggs and toast and homefries, so Carmen's wasn't really my thing. That being said, the food was pretty good. The options were:
- omelet with all sorts of weird veggies you'd never think of putting in an omelet.
- duck (do people eat this for breakfast?)
- mint-chocolate-strawberry-almond-otherstuff waffles with whipped cream and more stuff on top. 
I got the waffles, and they were decent, but not worth 12 bucks. 
I liked the decor of Carmen's, there are tons of pervy knick knacks everywhere and she serves the food and drinks on mismatching dishes.  
She doesn't take credit cards, so make sure you bring cash with you. The police station across the street has an ATM that only charges you 50 cents.Extremely creative eats.   Had never seen nor thought of the breakfast combinations she pulled together but they blended together perfectly.  One of the most delicious and most unique breakfast experiences I've ever had, 100% you HAVE to go at least once.   
As many have suggested, call ahead first.  Can't stress this enough, this place is TINY.I dunno. I was kind of psyched for this place....I had heard about Carmen, the kitsch, the penis statues, and the pickup truck table, but wow, I was pretty disappointed after eating there. While the decor and down home vibe certainly lived up to my expectation, the food most definitely did not. The cheapest thing on the menu was $14 pancakes. $14!!!! Really?? For pancakes. It did not help that there were rows of Aunt Jemima boxes of pancake mix within a clear view of our table. If you're gonna use Auntie J as your base, at least HIDE that fact. I got challah french toast and though it was alright, I felt as though it suffered from a personality disorder (do I want to be peach french toast? strawberry? coconut? or something with all three?). I gave up trying to figure it out. My breakfastmate got pancakes, which were good, but again, $14!?!? Unless you are putting some seriously expensive shiz in there (I think there were zucchini and pecans (!?)), no set of pancakes should cost this much. I am glad I went for the experience, but with so many amazing (and cheaper) brunch places in the city, I don't think I'll be going back here again.Perfectly tasty brunch in this tiny spot, great service. However, the menu is limited to a fault and $20 per person for a breakfast without alcohol is a bit insane for me and my recessionista friends.This place is the tops as far as atmosphere and food go.  As has been said here already, you get things the way Carman wants you to - and you'll like it (really, you will).  Sometimes the combos she whips up aren't a direct hit, but still pretty darn good.  I also quite like what I'm almost certain are homemade jams - pear and cranberry on my last visit.
About that last visit - a couple sits down.  As soon as they sit down and are told about the specials the lady immediately starts asking about substitutions.  She is told there are no substitutions allowed.  This leads to a "well, then I guess we'll just split something" as Carman walks by after stepping out of the kitchen.  Carman turns to guy working and says "I don't have time for this".  They are told they both have to order something.  Couple gets up and leaves, goes to wait in line for someplace lamer than Carman's.  I like this attitude in a business owner.
Make sure to read the articles (like the one in the bathroom or on the walls) about her and the place while you're there.I've been here twice - once a few years back and once just a few days ago.  It's a restaurant probably unlike any you've been to before.  The decor is a mix of country and quirky.  If you are offended by phallic paraphanalia, this might not be the place for you.  Be warned, the place is tiny.  There are three tables and 5 or 6 bar stools.  The wait can be long.  The first time I was there was during the summer months.  It took about 30 minutes to get seated.  There was an extra table though - outside, on the bed of Carmen's truck.  The second time, we were seated immediately.  The place was pretty empty - it was the day after Thanksgiving and Carmen had just opened back up from being on vacation.  
The food is awesome and the portions are huge.  I ordered french toast both visits.  The first time it was served with mixed fruit (kiwis, blueberries, oranges, etc.) and an orange cream cheese.  This time, it had prunes, stewed apples, and raisin rum ice cream.  
The service is attentive but laid-back.  Coffee and tea are refilled regularly.  Carmen regularly talks to customers, I hear.  I assume that it could be annoying to people who just want to eat and have to wait because she's chatting it up with other people.  The last time I was there it wasn't a problem  since there were only six of us in the restaurant at the time.  She seems really nice.  She came out and talked to us about her recent travels for a good 10-15 minutes.What an awful place! 14 dollars for a waffle that was so small i needed a microscope to see it. If you charge that much for a waffle please accept credit cards so i don't have to bring 70 dollars cash to breakfat! what a joke! also the b-room is next to the kitchen and i don't shi!t where i eat! They charged me for coffee that they  didn't ask me if I wanted! And it looked like christmas vomited all over the place. There was no menorah!  I had high expectations and there were literally four things on the menu! The people also had beards like santa clause which is not what I want near my food! TERRIBLE! BAH HUMBUG!I don't know what there is to say about Carman's that hasn't already been said.  The food and the service were both exceptional.  I had the challah french toast with a peach, plum, and cinnamon syrup.  My  wife had the coconut-infused pancakes with pineapples, berries, and a whole lot of other fruit on top.  They were every bit as good as they sound.  Of course, the menu at Carman's changes weekly and there are only ever 4 items on it so your experience is likely to be entirely different (although I would expect equally as satisfying).We've eaten at Carman's twice now and decided that it is the best breakfast we've had in Philadelphia. 
The space itself is quirky and a little bit of everything in terms of decor. But don't judge a book by its cover--the food is simply amazing and well thought out. 
Carman features 4 menu options--all specials and built around what is fresh and available to her from what I've seen--and each time we've been there she's offered a pancake or waffle, french toast, omelet and another savory option. The pancakes are light and fluffy, the waffle is just right with incredible toppings like fresh blueberries and bananas. 
The highlight for me so far has been the Challah French Toast--it is the very best French toast EVER. Today it was served with figs, raspberries and goat cheese. It sounded a little odd at first but wow, it really came together nicely. She recommended the applewood smoked bacon for a side and that was perfectly cooked, nice and crunchy.
One recommendation: go early. I've read in several review sites that the place gets super busy, long lines, etc. and the server mentioned they get really busy by 10 AM. Both Saturday mornings we've arrived early--around 8:30--with a handful of regulars, so it has been easy to get a table. I think the place works best for couples--there are around 4 tables that seat 2 each, and then some counter seats--maybe 6-8 seats. There is an outdoor table--on a truck bed!--that seats 6-8 and I imagine you need reservations for that.
The cost is a little high for breakfast but we walk away feeling like it was money well spent. The servers are friendly and on top of everything--our coffee cups were never empty.
Oh, and about Carman, we've found her to be lovely and engaging. She's very Sophia Loren-esque too, in terms of appearance. From what we've seen she does all of the cooking herself and once they get busy, I'm sure she still runs a tight ship. A definite must go. It is our favorite weekend breakfast spot.I've lived in the neighborhood five years and upon passing by I kept thinking about how I've wanted to try this place out. Today I woke up and said, "Today is the day..."  Man, was that a great decision. I agree with other reviewers, this place is definitely not for "everyone". You feel like you've walked out of Philadelphia and into someone's home in a lost part of America. Yes, the decor is mostly scandalous body parts, and the menu is whatever Carmen decided to cook that day and nothing else. The prices are more than you would pay at your local diner. But Alexis and Carmen were so friendly and warm. Our table was next to the kitchen and at one point she paused while flipping an omelet to lean out and ask us how we liked the food. I could barely put my fork down to take a sip of the my coffee, the food was so good. I had waffles made with caramelized onion, figs, walnuts, and corn. My partner had roasted pear/ginger french toast. The syrup was homemade with root beer and brown sugar. And the coffee was good too. I am tempted to go back tomorrow to try the food on the other half of the menu. It was just that good.This place is the dive bar of brunch. I'm glad I finally went. If you like unusual things, this is definitely the place to go. Staff is very friendly; decor is awesome. They have only 4 items on the menu and they call them "specials," which I thought was hilarious. It is definitely on the pricey side ($17 for pancakes and coffee) but worth it for the experience. I had waffles with blueberry and almond paste: they were yummy but not exceptional. Anyhow, I can't wait until I go back.Food is good. 
Penises are fun (can't believe I get to use the word "penis" in my review!). 
Prices are wayyyyy too high, but it's a really small place and I like what they're doin' there. 
Cheers!Carmen never ceases to amaze and delight myself and whoever I bring to her small establishment. Her waitstaff- Alexis and Thomas also never cease to bring a smile to my face. Her place is small. She cooks EVERYTHING herself, she only has 4 menu options and they run weekly - I believe Sunday to Saturday. One waffle or pancake, one french toast, one omlette, and the 'big special' which is usually a meat or fish special with 2 eggs and toast. If you are looking for a hearty meal, Carmen's is definitely the breakfast for you. If you call ahead for seating it's usually easier to get a seat.
Even if you have to wait, Alexis and Thomas will do their best to keep you entertained and get your coffee while you wait! I love this place, and you will too so long as you understand that she's doing all the cooking herself- it can take awhile depending on how many people are in the restaurant, so bring a newspaper or a chatty friend, and you will have a great time!When I lived in Philly I went to Carmen's far to frequently, but thats why I have a membership. 
This place is amazing, the staff is fantastic, Carmen is hilarious, and the food is out of this world. 
Since moving to Austin, every time I come home I make sure we have breakfast at Carmen's because no place in texas has been able to match it in amazing-ness.