Sooooo great!
I would have ranked it 5 stars but my husband said his was only ok, but he might have been expecting more from the hype, including the Prez Obama photo posted. 
Back to me, I loved it.  I recommend the Franklin, it has Philadelphia cream cheese and regular cheese.  I'll ask for extra onions and mushrooms next time because I like my food loaded.
Note of caution, the line gets long and as every sandwich is made to order, it takes a long time.  
The guy who took the order was very funny and made me smile after a 40+ min wait.
One day left in philly, pretty sure I'm going back here.I generally prefer the hoagies here, but decided to try the Philly Cheesesteak this weekend.  The stand in the Reading Terminal has the working class Philadelphia vibe.I wish they would serve fries or something else with the sandwich.  I had the Classic Cheesesteak, and they offered all kinds of toppings.  The sandwich was very good, but certainly not in the class of Pat's or the big name places that Philadelphia is known for.  Still if you visit Carmen's you will not be disappointed.Not impressed.  I just paid $20 for two smaller sized sandwiches.  There is definitely not enough filling in these to make it worthwhile.  I ordered a turkey hoagie with NO lettuce and extra mayo.  I got NO onion and barely any mayo.  Not a big deal, but when you have your mouth set on something and you pay $10+ for it, you want what you ordered.  There are definitely better places to get a hoagie.I first heard about Carmen's is located in Reading Terminal Market because it had been voted as having one of the best Italian hoagies in the city so I had to try it. I went here after lunch hours in the early afternoon and it was still crowded. The guy who took my order was really nice and made good suggestions to my sandwich. The Italian hoagie was really good, maybe not the best in Philly but still good. Meat was tender and a good portion and the bread was pretty soft too. I look forward to trying the cheesesteaks here.Very good cheesesteak. The wait was about 30 minutes but worth it. I have Dalessandro's rated a little bit better just because of the flavor of the cheesesteak itself but you can't go wrong with Carmen's.I had jury duty in the area and decided to kill some time in Reading Terminal for lunch. I did several loops of indecision until I decided to follow in the steps of President Obama and order a cheesesteak at Carmen's.
I waited in line for almost an hour and thanked God every time someone gave up and exited the line. I'll admit there were moments I almost exited myself because my lunch break was concluding and I was worried I wouldn't even have a chance to eat the sandwich once paid for. However truth be told, I consumed that sandwich in under 5 minutes because it was THAT good.
I don't care that I was sitting in a room full of civilians with steak juices running down my arms when they called out my juror number - I was in heaven.Carmen's is a Philly staple and a top recommendation for any out of towners looking for a great hoagie or cheesesteak.
When working in Reading Terminal Market I was able to make friends with two of the workers who also were direct descendants of the owners. I love that Carmen's is still a family owned business in the city.
The hoagies at Carmen's are truly some of the best I've ever had in the city. It's no wonder why one of the most popular food tours in the city samples their Italian hoagie and Cheese hoagie. My personal favorite is the Italian hoagie (and I'm usually not even a fan of Italian meats)! The bread is delicious and they really pile on the meat and cheeses. 
The cheesesteaks are absolutely delicious and are mountains above some of the other Philly "staples" like Pats, Geno's and Jims. My favorite is the chicken cheesesteak with grilled sweet peppers, mayo and sharp provolone. It's worth the 5 pounds you'll gain afterwards.
The staff is friendly and their trademark is giving a playing card matched to your order. If you're visiting the Philly or a local in the area, I'd definitely stop by and treat yourself to a one-of-a-kind hoagie.The line was pretty long even on a saturday around 5ish. It was like half hour before closing time. The price of the cheese steak was expensive. Like 11 bucks for a cheese steak. But if you ask me if it is worth it, Nope.  I'll prob wont be a repeat visitor. There are so many different cheese steak places that have better quality and more reasonable.Carmens was some of the best cheese steaks I had while visiting Philly. I came back multiple times after trying other places but this was my favorite I love the Ben Franklin with cream cheese it was perfect. Expect a bit of a wait as they make it front of you but it's def worth the wait.I don't know about the food, but the service is terrible. I was running late for my bus back home, and rushed to this place for a taste of hoagies. I pleaded the lady there to speed up, but was declined out of "other people are also rushing up for their trains etc" too. She definitely showed no sympathy for her customers. What's more, it appeared that she did not speed up, or even slowed down, by put three tomato slices over a hoagie for more than one and a half minute. My trip to Philly had been perfect, but this event made my last memory of the city aweful.Having stumbled upon this gem at Reading Terminal Market I can't say enough good things about it.  The lines were challenging, as we came during lunch, but the long wait was more than worth it for the cheesesteaks. The order taking was detailed- don't worry about ordering the wrong sandwich or getting something you don't like on it.  They guide you through the choices- cheer wiz, provolone, a variety of peppers, onions and mushrooms, mayo or even broccoli rabe.  You get to collect your order with a playing card on the other side of the counter.  Staff is friendly and keep you happy and entertained as you watch them make your sandwich.  I had the Meat Lovers- with pepperoni and bacon.  BEST cheesesteak I have had in my life.  Smoky, cheesy and the bun stayed fresh and not soggy.  Also tried the Ben Franklin- with American and cream cheese.  Was delicious!  And you can go wrong with the original cheesesteak.  Meat is cooked to perfection, seasoned perfectly and melts in your mouth.  Stands on its own plain.  
Run.  Don't walk to this place.  It will be well worth your time.  Don't be scared by the wait.  It goes quick and your mouth will thank you.  Simply, the best I've ever had.Went here because our normal once a year philly cheesesteak place went out of business. There was some lady ordering 50 or so cheesesteaks and giving the workers here a run for their money which lead to some problems. I ordered a Plain with ketchup and mustard and just got a plain.. and it took about 30 minutes total from line to getting my sandwich because of this arrogant customer that was giving this business problems. I found some ketchup from where the wife got her meal and we couldn't find a seat to eat so we ate in our car. Guess thats what we get for going on a Friday at 2pm.Is it the best cheesesteak in the city? Maybe. I can't tell because I don't think I ever had one in Philadelphia that I didn't like. 
Is it worth the line? Yes and no. Yes if it's moving smoothly like a machine and you're not too hungry (I came just after scarfing two Federal Donuts). No if there's someone in front of you that decides to order everything and the kitchen sink.
Price-wise: $7 basic, 75 cent extra ingredients. Since I'm from NY, this isn't egregious, but probably cheaper options.
Get one to go, grab a beer somewhere and enjoy.Yum yum yum! 
My first Philly Cheesesteak and a delicious one. 
Highlights: 
- stood in line for 20 min on a Saturday lunch hour and yet the men managing the grill made it entertaining by flipping their spatulas and food around occasionally. It was a fun wait. 
- cashier was super sweet and personable. I expected her to rush me by because of the line but we joked and swapped a story about being lactose intolerant and eating cheese anyways.  Great service!I don't know how Carmen's compares to other cheesesteak places, but I do know that mine was great!  I also know that the people were great, friendly, interactive - and the card idea?!  Brilliant!  Bravo!  Thanks for a great Philly Cheesesteak experience!Longest line ever but that says a lot in Itself!! Never had a real cheesesteak so yeah needless to say, amazingI think Carmen's has become my favorite (or one of my favorite cheesesteak joints) inside the city! I came around 1pm and there was a huge line wrapped around the stand. It was not an easy or quick wait, so beware! My partner is a native Philadelphian and he has less patience for lines and was extremely grumpy to be waiting for a hoagie. Anyways! we both ended up ordering a classic philadelphian, which comes with cheese whiz, steak, onions and red peppers (sweet and spicy,) and mushroom. I added extra american cheese! AND MINE came out perfect! so juicy and delightful.
will take all my out-of-towner friends here. they can munch on carmen's then fill up with donuts and other goodies. 
they'll just probably have to be rolled back home though!Best cheesesteaks we have tried. We were on vacation and tried some other famous locations, but Carmen's were the best! We got the cheesesteak with cream cheese on it. They come out extremely hot, juicy, creamy and tons of flavor. The long gets long during lunch and you may have to wait a while. We came here three times while on vacation.Carmen's was the most popular stand in Reading Terminal Market. The waiting line was constantly long and even President Obama was a guest there before! However, after having a Philly cheesesteak there, either I didn't get the deal behind Philly cheesesteak or Carmen's Philly cheesesteak was simply mediocre.
My order of classic cheesesteak was packed with meat, which was a godsend for a meat lover like me! It was nice that the meat was freshly cooked on the spot too. Yet, I honestly cannot find out why people are raving about Carmen's or even Philly cheesesteak itself.
This was my first and only cheesesteak, so judging from simply the sandwich on its own, Carmen's classic cheesesteak is rather decent. It's not that bad, but it isn't something that I would go out of my way to go to Reading Terminal and wait in line to buy again.I had high hopes for the best Philly cheesesteak and my expectations were not met. So let me explain......it wasn't that the cheesesteak wasn't good but it wasn't the best I've ever had. Being a Buffalo native and being that we are know for Buffalo wings I know that we live up to the hype. Now there are some places that have better wings than others but overall you can get a good chicken wing in Buffalo just about anywhere you go. With that being said the cheesesteak I had her wasn't better than ones I've had at home. I will say that they had a good quality of meat and cheese but it was definitely missing something.This market is very diverse and offers a great selection of food and culture simultaneously. Ordered a vegetarian cheesesteak that had wheat protein and looked exactly like meat so you get to join in the fun. It was heavy, and be sure to add extra hot sauce if you like spicier food.Greatly disappointed. Heard good things about Carmen's so decided to try out their Italian hoagie and it wasn't anywhere near as good as I thought it would be. First, the long roll is dry and flavorless. The filling was extremely light, so much so I thought they forgot to put cheese on my hoagie until I finally tasted it a quarter of the way into the sandwich. I was told they would put prosciutto and pepperoni on my sandwich, they did not. You're better off getting a hoagie from Wawa or Subway, quite honestly. The roll and light filling is comparable but they've never messed my order up as much as Carmen's did.These are by far the best cheesesteak sandwiches you will have in Philly. It might not look like much, but don't let that deceive you it is worth every penny.Where shall I begin my story? It was my last day in town and I had to test out a Philadelphia cheesesteak. My visit wouldn't feel complete without trying a Philadelphia cheesesteak. It simply wouldn't have meaning without a cheesesteak! I checked out the Reading Terminal Market in hopes to eat a cheesesteak. I examined a line at this place and that's always a good sign indicating it would be worth the experience. I waited patiently until I heard the announcement that the market was closing. I begin to feel anxious because my stomach is rumbling and I waited on line for 30 minutes. I begin to draw closer to ordering when someone announces there's only 4 more hoagies left. Glad I made the cut. I was relieved. I felt so lucky. I ordered and I felt happy. Customer service was superb. When I took my first bite I said to myself " ah that's legit " juicy, cheesy ah so amazing.Went here for the second time, by recommendation I tried the Franklin and added the hottest hot peppers they had, hope you like heat! Made for a really dynamic Philly cheese steak.Great hoagies, and a GREAT cheesesteak. And although this is NOT purely a cheesesteak establishment, they can sure dish a great one out!!! Definitely would go back!Wish I could give this place negative stars. Went there today to take a friend for a real Philly cheesesteak because there used to be a geno's inside the market a long time ago.(at least I think it was geno's but I know they had real ribeye) I knew it was going to be bad once they started charging for every single item like peppers and onions separately and charging for hot peppers. Most people know these are a given at the best places! It just got worse once I saw them pull a frozen block of what resembled meat out of a box. Can you say steak umm? Gross! So I paid 10 bucks for a steak umm sandwich with about 5 banana peppers that I paid 75 cents for and mushrooms I didn't ask for. There wasn't even enough meat on the sandwich either.it was like eating a bread sandwich. Had to beg for ketchup and then asked for hot sauce. The girl said in a nasty tone that hot sauce ws extra!! Are you kidding me? I was in shock. She went on to say she doesn't make the rules in a nasty voice! Unreal! SHe's lucky I didn't throw it t her! Horrible service,horrible value horrible sandwich! This place is a real ripoff for tourists who don't know what a real cheesesteak is!My first trip back to Philadelphia from NYC a couple of years ago I asked the hotel bellman where to get the best cheese steak and this is where he sent me and he was right! It's tradition now to make my first stop here for one with pepperoni, onions, provolone, and a smear of mayo which always gets a look. LoL. The staff is friendly and it's in the fabby frenetic Redding Market Terminal. They do have hoagies and veggie sandwiches.So, this was my first ever cheesesteak, so I don't have much to compare it to, but my expectations were low. I was expecting a pretty dull meat covered in cheese. But, I ordered the kamikaze and it was spicy and delicious. The bread was perfect and sauce, it was juicy, and I was converted right there on the spot. Or maybe I was so ravenous after a one hour wait in line. Dunno, but I'd eat it again and again. The staff were really friendly, too.So heres the thing, the cheesesteak is pretty damn good no question. But is it better than Pats? Hmm thats a tough call. And i know people will say ohh pats is touristy, but i say man its a cheesesteak its not a delicacy. 
So we went at around 430 on a saturday and the wait was about 35 mins. They have lots of options to choose from but i went with the classic. Bread was soft the steak was tasty roasted peppers and mushrooms on mine. It was damn good. But at the same time i could have pats and be just as satisfied. Also pats definitely gives more meat but also cost about 2-3 bucks more. Id say if youre in the reading market then hell yea definitely check this spot out. But would this be on a must must try? Hmm prob not. Especially with so many cheesesteak spots around. Take it for what it is. Friendly people and its made to order so its piping hot when done. That being said id go back for sure.Had to do Chili Cheese Steaks, and this was the place we chose.  My boy loved his!  Truly authentic, and in a classic location!Philadelphia
Located within the Reading Terminal Market, lines can be long during peak lunch time hours and unbearable if there happens to be a convention being held right next door.
With that said, Carmen's has some very tasty sandwiches ("hoagies") and a large part of the taste factor is the fresh baked bread they use.  I believe the bread cartons I saw said "Locasio".  
And yes, while in Philly, I'm going to order a cheesesteak hoagie.  Skip the whiz and get the provolone.  It'll set you back a little more than $8, more if you ask for additional condiments.  
Read the large menu on the wall for their price list.  The women in front of me said yes to every option the owner rattled off yet was surprised when her fully loaded cheesesteak cost $12. 
The sandwich was far better tasting than than Geno's or Pat's and certainly better than any cheesesteak from any vendor pushcart located throughout Philly.  The bread is a big factor in that.
Are there better tasting places to eat in the food court?  Yes, there are a few, but those lines are even more ridiculous.  The line at Carmen's moves fairly quick.
Cheers!
N.Long wait at Reading Terminal but worth it. Yummy steak with peppers and onions. (Not a cheese person here) the bread was very tasty. If you're in Philadelphia this is a fun and delicious place for lunch. We were served by the owner and had fun talking with him. The onions and peppers and steak were seasoned perfectly. Eat here!What is so famous about these hoagies and cheesesteaks???  Is it that they are the skimpiest in size and fillings that I've ever eaten in Philadelphia?  Is it that they're priced higher than most other places?  Or is it that they taste like something a restaurant in California would call a Philadelphia hoagie or cheesesteak and make for their calorie conscious clientele??Simple review - rip off. 
Complex review - they put a small amount of poor quality ingredients in a substandard roll and charge tourists $12 for a cheese steak!  I ordered an Italian cheesesteak with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone from a rude person. When it arrived I couldn't believe how small it was. It hardly had any broccoli rabe in it and they over cooked it so that the sharp provolone disintegrated. The roll had the consistency of a hot dog roll. Shame shame shame on you for serving this garbage to tourists at such a high prices and ruining the one good food the city is known for.Waited in line to try out the cheese steak sandwich 
That president Obama ate here in past. I was here a few days ago and they ran out of food. Today they had food. It was great with mushrooms and cheese.I cannot believe the level of disrespect with which my husband and I were treated and not just by the owner but by his snotty daughter. First off... who in the world does not take credit/debit cards in this century?
While ordering the owner cut my husband off each time he tried to speak and then got upset when the order ended up being wrong because of it. Shortly after we ordered, he left and his daughter replaced him at the register.  They were taking a very long time so I asked about our food. The person behind us in line received their food first. In a very condescending way she said "it's coming don't worry" and as if I were in kindergarten she proceeded to explain why. O couldn't believe it.  Really folks?Special Italian hoagie. It was awesome!  Just the right balance of meat to cheese to bread to veg. I want to eat another one!I purchased two different hoagies today and was very disappointed with the both of them...the Italian hoagie didnt have the meats in there that he told me that would be in there,I told him no tomatoes and he put them in anyway,I also got a ham and cheese hoagie and it was a one layer of lettuce on bottom and very little tomato and onion that you didnt really taste it...both the hoagies were very skimpy,not full like most places...very disappointed with this place...also i asked for mayo and dont think he put mayo on it,it was very dry...Okay I was in philly for a long weekend and pretty much had a cheesesteak everyday! I was on a mission to find the best and this was by far the best. 
Before even mentioning food let me tell you the customer service is awesome! Yes their lines are crazy long but that's not their fault the food is awesome! Worth waiting on line!! The workers were so willing to help with anything you could possibly imagine. The cashiers (was a young gentleman at the time) was so helpful on what comes with each sandwich. 
I got a mushroom cheesesteak with BBQ sauce!! Omg I'm drooling just thinking about it. There are three kinds of sauces to choose from and they cook the steak with the sauce. Really makes a huge difference. 
My boyfriend got s chicken parm sandwich and he loved it. He wanted a second!
Cheers to Carmens! It is the best!a classic in philly. the line was pretty long, so don't come here if your'e dying of hunger and need a quick fix. still it's well worth the wait. i went cheese steak with whiz. my girlfriend had one with mushrooms and provolone. we both were fans, but to be honest, i wasn't amazingly  overwhelmed, hence 4 stars. worth the visit for the indoor market/delis period.I stopped by Carmens when I was looking to get a cheesesteak while I was in Philadelphia visiting. The line was long, but that can be as expected since it is located within Reading Terminal.
I got a cheesesteak with wiz, onions, and sweet peppers. It was fat and filling, and the meat was tender. It can't get anymore complicated than that. I would recommend if you want to have a cheesesteak.I was born and raised on hoagies and cheesesteak and let me tell you this is the real macoy, Carmen and his crew runs that joint like a well oiled machine, long line short wait and the both my hogie and my 22 year old hot model girlfriend from Holland cheesesteak was outstanding, she really don't eat much and never had one in her life,she ate 2 wit wiz and extra onions and took on to go for a snack later that night,she is such a fan that she made me buy her a carmens tee shirt and she wore it that night back at the hotel, with matching underwear :) she is a real fan of this place and every time we go to philly that's the first stop....So, I gotta say, not a huge fan. The cheesesteak itself was okay, bit on the small side compared to other places, and the line / wait was way too long.Because of the Marathon I knew I couldn't get over to south street for Jim's cheesesteak. So I opted for Carmen's because it was the closest place to my hotel. I had been to reading terminal market the day before & couldn't get over how long the line was so I thought it had to be good! Yeah no. It's more hype than anything else. Honestly the cheesesteak was anemic in flavor. I asked for cheez whiz on it & barely got any. The steak itself was bland even with the addition of mushrooms & peppers which by the way were almost nonexistent. The bread was fresh & warm. Service was quick & friendly. No place to sit. Had to take it to go & sit in back of terminal market.  I ate half, picked at the bread on the other half & called it quits. I should've waited until the roads were open to go to Jim's. Lesson learned.These cheese steak sandwich I give it a 3 maybe a 3 1/2. Service 2.
Be ready to wait a long time for your order. They seem to have been running out of things, even ice for the flat warm soda fountain when I got there at 4:30pm. I'm a person that don't ask for a lot. If there is a problem then fix it or give me back my $. Just don't keep me waiting or ignore me. Could have let me know at the begining when I was ordering. In the end I got my $ back for the soda but ended up eating with out a cold beverage. 
I guess I have to be Obama to get real good quality service.The staff is very nice so it hurts me to rate them so poorly. But just in terms of food I would rate the cheesesteak 1 star. Its pretty small for the price but more than the size, my problem is with the flavor. It just doesnt taste good. It was lacking in rich flavor and they didnt use much cheese either. Definitely lacking something in the flavor department for sure. Sad I wasted a meal here. 
I'm not sure why theres a hype and how it got good ratings... I would recommend trying a different cheesesteak elsewhere.Stopped by here around 5 pm and didn't realize the Terminal closed at 6 pm.  I wasn't able to get a cheesesteak at Dinic's to do a taste comparison, but was able to get one here.  I enjoyed it, but since someone else ordered it for me, it was missing cheese.  I'll want to have sweet peppers and cheese the next time I order one from here.This was not on my list of cheesesteak places to try, but so glad I found it. From start to finish, the experience was second only to the taste of the food. Will definitely come back.This place changed the perception I had of cheese steaks. I thought it was overated but the cheesteak I had at Carmine's was amazing.decided to get both the cheesesteak sandiwch and hoagies sandwich. both were very good. base price for both sandwiches were around $8-$9. When taking orders for the sandwiches, they were very detailed when asking the customer what ingredients they wanted into the sandwich.Wonderful experience - loved the chicken cheesesteak, and the staff were hilarious. I'm assuming it was the owner who took our order and he was very sweet and attentive, and kept checking in with us to make sure we liked our food. (Side note, I had taken my coworker to pats a few days earlier and she had not liked it, and she was so happy that this redeemed her "philly cheesesteak" experience!!) will definitely go back!! Great food and people!Nice little spot inside the reading market. The roll was soft and fresh the cheeze wiz was delicious.  They lose one star for the meat to bun ratio. I like a sandwich to be a little heavier.Ordered two Philly cheesesteaks here--one with American and the other with cheese whiz. Both were very good and were made quickly even though it was busy. There isn't a drink variety, just water and diet coke but there are plenty of places in the market to get drinks. There is also limited seating.I was told to stop by Reading Market because it was a cool place and it definitely was. I ended up getting a sandwich to-go from Carmen's because I was craving something cooler on a hot day. The employees here were all extremely friendly and made stopping here an enjoyable experience.
I'm a vegetarian so I went for their Veggie Hoagie. Everything about it sounded amazing and honestly, if I ate it there it probably would've been great. Unfortunately, it didn't travel well and kind of fell apart by the time I got the chance to eat it. The ingredients were all fresh and good though so if I was in the area I'd definitely give Carmen's a second chance.I was in Philly over might and thought I would attack Reading Terminal Market. I saw this place and a buffalo chickencheese steak sounded good. Got one and took it back to my hotel. Out was at best average. Combine that with slightly rude service, and it was a disappointment.Love this place! The cheesesteaks were amazing. I went on a weekend so it was really crowded but totally worth the wait. The service was good and quick. All the servers have personality...it was awesome.Me on my mobility scooter - they couldn't have been nicer.. However, the hoagie was good, but had shredded pizza cheese on it instead of provolone.. ~ $9.50 ~ All in all, the sandwich was good, Primo's is better... I will give it another try... .. I love the Reading Terminal...While my husband was two people ahead of him in line I sat down at the bar. I was told by the large red head lady running the register that I could not sit down until after I ordered. I got my husband out of line and went to Spataro's and enjoyed a cheesesteak with better customer service.Went there for lunch and the owner recommended the Franklin. I am not a huge fan of American cheese or cream cheese but when in philly, do as they do so I tried it. It was AMAZING. Well seasoned and the cream cheese melted with the American was just fantastic.Better than Pat's or Geno's I think. What makes a good steak sandwich is NOT really the meat or cheese, but the bread. And they use some amazing bread. Not too crunchy on the outside, soft and fluffy on the inside. Get it with provolone and hot peppers and you can't go wrong.sometimes food is redemption from rude/terrible service, but the cheesesteak was mediocre at best, and they forgot my hot peppers. lame. don't waste $10.50.My family and I are big Carmen's fans.  The hoagies are delectable and the service is fast and friendly.Alright, total Midwest girl here writing this review. Carmen's was my first experience with an authentic (I think) cheesesteak in Philadelphia.
Located in the oh-so-awesome Reading Terminal Market, Carmen's is near the front and was apparently a stop for Obama on his Presidential campaign in 2010, which is one reason why I opted for Carmen's rather than the other two-three cheesesteak eateries in the market.
I got the cheesesteak wit whiz, fried onions, pickle, and a little mayo, and was pleased. 
However, note: anything outside of the cheesesteak wit whiz cost extra. The owner/manager/cashier looks you straight in the eye as you're ordering, asks you if you want extra stuff, and by memory, he hits the addition function on the register. I honestly don't know how much each extra cost since I wasn't looking at the register, so be careful! In the end my sandwich was around $12.
There are a few stools around the booth where you can sit. Otherwise, you should go to one of the designated seating areas in the market.
Cool observation: you're given a card from a Star Wars deck of cards while you're waiting for your food.Not sure if Carmen's is the best cheesesteak in Philly but it is the one I was able to try and I was in love with it. I ordered mine with provolone, mushrooms, mayo, onions, and hot pickled peppers and it was out of control delicious. It was so yummy and hot and gooey I had to take one home to CT. I read about how their meat is frozen but it is honestly tasty, so I don't think I care too much.I love this place.  They have a vegan steak sandwich and it tastes good  (it was not on the menu last time I was there - you have to ask for it). 
Only complaint is the long line but it is worth it.I debated the entire time I was in Philly on whether I should eat a cheesesteak - my friends from Philly weren't pushing me to do it - but I bit the bullet and for my last meal decided to get one from Carmen's. What sealed the deal was the picture of Obama ordering from them that they have up by the register.
I ordered a classic cheesesteak and what I liked about the man who took my order was detailed about how my cheesesteak would be composed such as did I want lettuce and tomatoes? did I want peppers and if so did I want sweet, hot or a mixture? I ended up ordering mine with lettuce and tomatoes with a mixture of sweet and hot peppers. To boot the man who took my order called me and other females honey which made me feel like we were already friends. There was also a constant stream of not only tourists but also locals here. They also give you a playing card as your receipt and how your order is called out "Two of hearts!"
Downer is that they only take cash - I was short $2! - and they direct you to an ATM which charges a $2.75 transaction fee, I'd rather give that fee to the business than some sketchy no name machine!
As for my cheesesteak, it was good and composed well, not greasy, not overwhelmed by ingredients and the bread was soft though I should have ordered all hot peppers on my sandwich as I needed more kick. Since I'd never had an official Philly cheesesteak before I wasn't quite sure what I should be looking for however I ate the whole thing! The cheesesteak before tax is a little more than $10 and with tax $11-12 so am not sure if I would order it again. If I were to eat at Carmen's I'd be tempted to try an Italian hoagie which is less expensive at ~$9.Came to Carmen's while on a business trip. Ordered cheesesteak with onion and provolone. Well... the line was long to start, about 15-20 min wait. But I met a Chatty Cathy in line so the wait wasn't bad. When I ordered, the man who was helping me was very nice. I got my sandwich about 10 min later. My bread was soft but the meat is completely unseasoned! No flavor at all but it was juicy. The cheese was sparse which is disappointing. All in all this place came recommended by the hotel concierge but I'm not sure why, it was ok at best.  I wouldn't come back but I can say I have eaten here. This place is much better than Pat and Genos!The classic cheesesteak is where it's at. A little slow, but excellent service and delicious cheesesteaks!Don't be scared of the cream cheese :D haha. GO for it. You won't regret it.  
This was my first time in Philly and I was told you have to check out Reading Terminal Market. While wandering around I saw there was a large line in front of this place and it smelt fantastic.
While waiting in line and drooling over the smell of cheese-steaks, I decided to go with the Franklin + onions. Well damn... it was FANTASTIC. Perfectly cheesy, juicy and full of fat and flavor. If I am ever in Philly again I will definitely get this sandwich again. It was well worth the wait.
The only downfall of this place is waiting and having to deal with watching others eat their cheesesteaks around you, because there is seating near the grill and waiting area section. So warning for those that get hangry, be sure to get in the mindset that you will have to wait at least 30 minutes after you order. 
Also, for Philly the customer service was great. They were pretty polite and double checked to make sure you got the right order. They were also willing  to cut my cheesesteak into fours, so I could share with friends. This place was great. Thanks for letting me have a true philly cheesesteak experience :D.The food. The cheeses steaks, the traditional way with cheese wiz is okay. The meat is a bit on the salty side, the bread is somewhat chewy, and the cheers is plentiful. They priced the cheesesteaks well for being in the great Reading Terminal, but they need a little help with organization. Thankfully we weren't affected, but because of some incorrect counting they ran out of baguettes and the line had to be cut off.
Speed leaves me wanting for sure. The line moved... But it moved very slowly. It took about 15 minutes to get through the line when the other popular cheesesteak places took about five. 
The good thing though is they have glass showing the cooks make the cheesesteaks on the grill, makes me want to get one of those fine pieces of metal for myself at home. If I were already at Reading Terminal and wanted to get a cheesesteak then I'd come back otherwise I'd probably pass on it.Ordering a sandwich in the city is an exercise in discipline and structure. Carmen's at the famous Reading Terminal Market adheres to that ethos. The queue is orderly, and usually exceedingly long. The hot goods, namely the steaks, begin their journey out in the safetyglass-protected grill: beef goes on, gets moved over, welcomes the fixings, meets really fucking tasty Liscio's bread and the rest is what makes it famous. 
Ultimately it's a sanitized version of a city staple, but the service is bright and friendly - never mind that the heft of the end product is dwarfed by its suburban brethren. And there's no Tastykake to wash down the goodness...I will never understand people that go out to eat and not bring enough money...
One of the best tasting things on the planet??? Umm I don't think so...
They fry up some thinly sliced steak and onions...Put some cheese on top till it is almost melted or just put the cheese in the bun...Take your spatula and flip it over putting it in a hoagie bun...the line was long.. I waited about an hour for this freaken sandwich...not worth the wait...I thought the sandwich was pretty mediocre... If you don't complain about your food adventures on yelp are you even yelping right?!?Absolutely worth the 2.5 he drive and moderate line to order.  FRIENDLY service, reasonable food times and good prices.  Absolutely will be back.Had a great hoagie, the special Italian, which had all the meats. The rolls go perfectly with the filling. As I was eating at the counter I could see they do far more Philly cheese steaks. They looked pretty good.Incredible CheeseSteak. Had The Franklin, made it spicy (legit spicy, amazing flavor). The service was solid too. My first official Philly CheeseSteak was epic and was def not disappointed. I highly recommend this place.I was torn as to what I should have for lunch when I was in Reading Terminal Market. Being that I was in Philly I felt I should have a chicken cheesesteak. I definitely made the right choice. Really good bread. The sandwich itself was delicious, however I miss my sandwiches from Hoagie Haven in Princeton NJ.Just got done eating here. Food was amazing and the staff was friendly. It's exactly what a cheesesteak should taste like.One of the best cheese steaks in Philadelphia. I would put it head to head with Jim's. Very conveniently located in the Reading Terminal Market.Great cheesesteak!!! Highly recommended!! The owner is very entertaining to talk to as you eat!!