I should have known better when I wanted to go to an Italian restaurant last night at 6:30pm and this was the only place that had a reservation at 8:30pm.  To make a long story short, we didn't get seated until 9 because the hostess/waitress thought we were a party of 4 despite being able to see on the reservation that we were a party of 2.  My husband also verbally confirmed we were a party of 2.  The worst part about it is there was a 2 top available when we got there but since she thought we were a party of 4..she was waiting for a 4 top to open up.  So we waited a half hour for a table that was empty when we arrived.  Seriously.  We ordered an appetizer which was ok and then waited over an hour (after we got our appetizers) to get 2 pasta dishes.  2 tables that came in about a half hour after us got served their entree and dessert before we got our main course.  Unbelievable.  I assume she forgot to put in our main course orders in which happens I get it..but no apology for the wait at all and she never offered a complimentary dessert or coffee.  I would also like to note that the pasta dishes are between $20 and $25 per dish which is on the higher end of the spectrum.  I will gladly pay those prices but the restaurant better come correct with the food AND service which clearly they did not.  I would not recommend this restaurant.Amazing dinner made by Steve on Friday night. Cozy atmosphere with mouth watering appetizers and entrees. Get the tomato mozzarella salad and the Troffie or the bolognese, or the scallops with gnocchi. Everything was sooooo good. The food here is special.This was a great dinner for a large group of people. We were probably way too loud for the small restaurant, but the server was very accomodating and our food arrived without any delay. I ordered the truffle pasta, which had a great mushroom flavor. The portion size was perfect for me, too. We love BYOB's and this was another great one. They need to start accepting credit cards!I ate here with my son and my daughter and we loved it.  It is a small restaurant so it fills up fast, I would highly recommend reservations.  I missed that it is cash only and BYOB so I had to run to the ATM but luckily there is one right outside.  It does seem odd with all of the easy payments there are today to see a cash only restaurant but a small inconvenience.  The food was fantastic.  We had an order of the house special burrata, a caesar salad, an order of the gnocchi, two steaks and pappardelle with boar.  All were excellent and I have to say we were way too full for dessert.  If the burrata is on as a special I would highly recommend it, it was so smooth and creamy and there was a healthy portion of toasted bread and a roasted tomato, it was a highlight.  The rest of the meal was perfectly done and the staff could not be nicer.  The pace was perfect.This is an exceptional restaurant which high quality Italian food.  The owner is extremely accommodating and goes above and beyond to take care of his guests and to ensure that they have a great time at this BYOB.  Since moving away from Philadelphia, when I return to the city I always enjoy having the opportunity to eat here.  This is the best BYOB in Philadelphia. Thank you for an impeccable meal!Very good Italian fare and BYOB.  The seafood and pasta dishes were very tasty.  Calamari was fresh and tender.  I deducted one star on th review because the service could have been a little better on a Saturday night. Larger parties received the most attention and we went without silverware and water for part of the meal.Somehow, Caffe Casta Diva became my "neighborhood" go-to (it's a bit of a walk, but whenever I find myself looking for a casual but special dinner spot, I end up at Casta Diva). I can't put my finger on what it is exactly that I like so much - perhaps it's the combination of everything; the pasta dishes are inventive yet homey, the space is cozy, and the restaurant owner is earnest and involved.
What first drew me to the place was the bucatini in avocado sauce with shrimp and red onions - who knew avocados made for such delicious pasta sauce! Since then, I've branched out and discovered other favorites, including the crispy whole branzino stuffed with minced vegetables, the tagliatelle with cinghiale ragu,  and the calamari, sauteed in a rich tomato sauce. 
Cast Diva is a small space and quite popular, so I would definitely recommend reservations. Service is overall fairly good, though it sometimes can be slow. I do appreciate that they always say at the beginning of the meal that the restaurant is cash-only, so you're not left scrambling at the end. Sometimes the owner himself waits tables - and it's clear that he makes an effort to get to know his regulars. Casta Diva truly embodies that neighborhood BYOB charm that makes the Philly food scene so unique.I loved this place. We got the calamari as an app and I loved that it was sauteed and not fried. Also, I had the duck which was amazing. This is one of my new favorite BYOS.We had an excellent meal here. The Fruita de Mare was well cooked and tasted great. Roni had the salmon and it was cooker perfectly. We had great company with my cousins Sol and Faith.Absolutely loved this place.  The food was outstanding.  Had a wonderful artichoke appetizer - the flavors melded wonderfully.  The veal bolognese was delicious as was the paparadelle with wild boar sauce.  Looking forward to going there again.  
The atmosphere and service were excellent.Delicious fresh food!  BYO, always good.... And small, intimate space...ask for window seat, very comfy. Overall, we loved it!!!Heard this was a pretty good Philly BYOB, and figured we would head down and check it out. Overall, thought the food was good, but were not that impressed with the service or the menu. We'd heard that the veal chop and the cannoli were the two stand-out items, and when we ordered them, we were dismayed to discover that they were completely out of both items. Flavors were pretty standard for an upscale Mediterranean place, but I wouldn't say exceptional or on par with Melograno, Osteria, or Audrey Claire.This is one of the great little boutique restaurants in the city that is refined, elegant and delicious! The menu is not overwhelming so everything is under control and crafted beautifully both in presentation and quality. 
Had a grilled artichoke dish to start that was exquisite and a Wild Boar shank that was fall off the bone delicious. 
The wild salmon was done to perfection and flavorful! A great place to go for a fabulous culinary experience.I think about Casta Diva's Trofie dish frequently! I cannot wait to return again. I'm hoping it will be as  delicious as I remember it to be!Delicious fresh Italian cuisine in cozy neighborhood storefront. We had a 9:30 reservation and it was very quiet with only a few tables occupied. Both the hostess and our waitress were warm and welcoming and assured us the kitchen was open for a while and they were happy to have us. 
Everything was delicious. For appetizers we split one of go-to favs anywhere, artichokes in a simple but flavorful sauce of white white, lemon, parsley and white anchovies. And, succulent, sweet octopus in a wonderful tomato sauce. 
For entrees we shared two pastas - the gnocchi special, a semolina based (gluten free though neither my friend or I are) pasta with wild boar and broccoli Rabe. The pasta was delicious and dish hearty without being heavy. Our second was the Trofi, akin to a Pappardelle, with wild mushrooms, walnuts and Cacio di bosco al tartufo, a Tuscan cheese. The latter was melt in my mouth delicious and favorite of the two though each were delicious.Caffe Casta Diva was chosen by a friend for his group birthday dinner. This was my first visit and based on this experience I would add it to my little black book of Italian BYOBs. 
From a group dining standpoint, the service was spot on. Our server was efficient, professional and gave us that little extra time larger groups often need. He wasn't intrusive and there's nothing else more I could have asked of him. 
Being a BYOB is obviously a plus. As others have mentioned, it's a cash only establishment. I came prepared but others were able to run somewhere across the street to quickly get money at the end of the meal 
The food was very good. I feel I've become an Italian food snob and wasn't absolutely blown away. With that being said, it was prepared well and I really enjoyed it. It was solid and then some. The group split a bunch of appetizers including a cheese plate, calamari, salumi and fresh mozzarella. The crowd spoke! We cleared those plates. As my entrée I had the Gnocchi Bolognese. The gnocchi were light and fluffy and the Bolognese sauce had small, but sizeable pieces of meat. The light cheese added a nice touch. 
The prices were comparable of other nicer Italian BYOBs in Center City. 
I wouldn't hesitate to go back or recommend Casta Diva to others.first visit to this lovely restaurant this week, and it won't be my last. The food was absolutely delicious and beautifully presented. The beet and artichoke appetizers were fabulous. We had pasta and Bronzino entrees--also superb. Attentive and unobtrusive service. Prices are reasonable for the quality. BYOB and cash only. Don't miss this gem!Caffe Casta Diva served me the best scallops I've ever had, and I've tried a lot of scallops in Philadelphia!  They were cooked perfectly.  My husband had the pappardelle wild boar mushroom ragu and was very pleased as well.  Delicious meals.  The restaurant is a little small and was packed when we went so reservations are most likely needed on weekend nights.Oh my God the truffles...
Get the Trofie pasta dish.  
Fancy little BYOB near Rittenhouse.  Try to snag a window seat and get some people watching in while you indulge in the best table bread I've ever had and delicious and inviting Italian cuisine.  The scallops are a winner as well, but for the love of God get the Trofie.Went there again independently and was once again so impressed by the mains of branzino, duck and pork chops (from daily specials) we had ordered. The starters of ricotta cheese and asparagus puree were also incredibly special. Service was attentive and prompt, and astoundingly, this relatively undiscovered establishment was still only half full during a time that most Philly restaurants were bursting at the seams (huge convention in town...). The wine we brought along matched well with our meal. The only thing to note is - if you need a receipt to claim expenses from your company, note that this place only offers a hand-written receipt. And it accepts only cash.We had a wonderful meal here this past Saturday while we were visiting Philly.  Delicious bread to start, and then both our meals...oh my goodness!  We had the steak and the trofie pasta dish (mushrooms, walnuts, truffles, etc.).  Both were excellent.  We ended the night with dessert, which was also delicious.  The only slight downside (and I'm not even docking a star, because it was not a big deal) but it took a while for us to get our check.  There were only 3 waiters that I saw (also playing the role of hostess and bus boy), so it was understandable why there would be a delay.  The rest of the service was top notch.  Would definitely recommend!I've walked by this unassuming facade on a regular basis, never making the connection that this was one I'd bookmarked based on the terrific reviews I'd read. Sure enough, they were true! We shared five dishes that ranged from alright to 'bring me ten more of those!!'. In the latter catagory was the calamari, unfried, enrobed in a sauce of capers and rich tomatoes and our pappardelle with a slow cooked boar ragu w mushrooms that I could happily have had thirds and fourths on! Sadly, the duck which is the dish I went for was definitively overcooked and in the former 'alright' catagory; still, can't wait to go back to this very cute, neighborhood byob.After consulting Yelp for a nearby byob, I was able to make a last minute reservation at Casta Diva for dinner on a Saturday night back in February. It is a small space (think cute and cozy), so prepare to be seated close to other tables if you don't have a large party. We were seated upon arrival (a few minutes early) and noticed that almost every table was filled. It stayed that way throughout our dinner. 
The portions were just the right size. We split an appetizer and 2 entrees between the 2 of us:
- Calamari: Grilled, not fried, and served in a spicy red sauce. I love grilled calamari and this did not disappoint. The sauce gave the dish a lot of flavor.
- Scallops: Tender and nicely charred. The scallops were definitely my favorite dish of the night. They were served with braised short ribs, gnocchi, and root vegetables. 
- Duck: Cooked medium. The duck was nicely prepared and served w/sweet potato gnocchi and root vegetables. Also a solid choice.  
Be prepared that this place cash only. It is a little pricier compared to some of the other byob's in the area, but worth it. I'd definitely come back.This place is a hidden gem in Rittenhouse square.  It is very cute and quaint inside but that's not the reason for this review, its the food. We ordered one of the specials as an appetizer Gnudi which in a nutshell sort of like gnocchi made with ricotta and shaved parm they melted in your mouth but it was the sauce an heirloom tomatoe fundue which I mopped the rest up with my bread. Honestly, If I had known it was going to be so good I would have ordered it as my entree. For my entree I ordered Frutti di mare  which is Bronzino calamari scallops shrimp and diver scallops which did not disappoint and omplimented very well with our wine. For dessert we had mascarpone cheese cannoli and poached pear the ice cream they served complimented the dish well.  I sort of don't want to tell people that this place because I want it all to myself but I'll be nice and share.Such a great little tucked away BYOB that I'm so thankful to stumble upon. They're grilled calamari was enough for me to go back again the next week. Everything from the appetizers to dessert was delicious. Don't know how this place isn't constantly crowded but works out well for me!wow - just wonderful! The Calamari is not fried (a refreshing presentation) and the broth it's served in, briny herby tomato, amazing. We had to sop it up with the bread before we let the plate go! I had ricotta gnocchi with pancetta and peas in a light gorganzola sauce - once again and a fantastic sauce - not too heavy, so no feeling guilty about the creamy cheese based sauce. Also had the beet goat cheese salad. I am a beet fanatic, and this was the best beet salad I've ever had. Thanks for the great dinner!The best Italian byob in Center City by far! Awesome food, awesome service. And very cozy and friendly. Been eating here for years and its still a favorite! Love you guys keep up the good work.Had a very pleasant experience here on a Saturday night.  Had made a reservation and was seated immediately.
The atmosphere is cozy and comfy.  Nobody minds you feeling and chatting like you're in the family dining room, and the BYOB helps keep the conversation rolling.
The food we tried was the antipasto-with several meats, a delicious cheese and olives.  Very tasty and easily shared.  While I'm thinking of it, even though this place is not cheap, you are given very fair portions.
The sweet potato gnocchi was delicious as was the pasta with homemade italian sausage.  Both very distinct flavors-something I look for-FLAVOR.  Some restaurants have all sorts of descriptors and then hand you a plate of bland.  Not the case here, very good and flavorful.
The staff was polite and attentive, they all seemed to collectively look after the patrons and it worked for us.Great experience!
Went with my girlfriend on a Saturday night. We had the beef carpaccio which was delicious. We both got the soup, which was similar to Italian wedding, tasty but not as good as mom's. I ordered the wild boar cinghiale which was served over polenta cakes, it was a huge portion and very tasty, though I kind of wished it was served with pasta not polenta. My girlfriend ordered the scallops which were perfectly cooked! It came with roasted root veggies which were very good, and braised short rib which I enjoyed as she thought it was a little too fatty.  
It is a small place, BUT you don't feel like you're sitting on top of the next table. Definitely worth trying!Lovely place! Came for a small group dinner for a school club, so dinner was subsidized. Otherwise, the place can get pricey, running over $30 for pasta. It's BYOB though!
I tried their daily special handmade pasta, which was delicious! I would give this place 4 stars, except its pricey and the weird service. 
They wouldn't let us order until our entire party arrived! (Though we were already seated). Also, they wouldn't let us order appetizers first! We had to order it together with the main course... Inflexible. Ugh.This restaurant has secured a spot on our must-return-to-BYOB list. The food was a little too salty and it was quite cold by the window in the winter, but everything we sampled has been very tasty and satisfying over several visits.Really excellent food!
Started with an olive & ricotta plate and a special artichoke puree soup. Both were awesome. The olives had some lemon and orange zest which went really well together. The ricotta was freshly made and had a great texture. The artichoke puree soup was really good, loved the grilled artichoke garnish.
I had the veal bolognese and my wife had the wild boar mushroom pappardelle. The veal bolognese was good, very meaty, maybe a little too meaty (not going to knock Casta Diva for a personal preference). Still good. The wild boar mushroom pappardelle was super delicious! It also had cipollini onions and a very strong truffle scent and taste. I am so getting this again.
Service was good - we arrived very early, 5:15, so pretty much had the place to ourselves. Waitress and server were very attentive (obviously).
Cash only, BYO. Attire I would say between casual and dressy. Our meal (2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 1 pellogrino) came out to roughly $75 not including gratuity.
There were so many other things I wanted to try, like the branzino, the salman, the peking duck, and the steak.Although the food was good, i am giving this a 1 star review because we were treated so poorly. Also, I was lied to buy the owner, which makes me even more angry. We ate here several months ago, I waited to write this review in hopes that the owner/chef would contact me, as he promised, but, it is now 5 months or so later, no word from him, so, I think it's safe to say he will NOT be contacting me, as promised, so, I am writing my review. 
I am the type of person that, if I say that I will do something, I do it...If I say it, I do it... not the case here. When we ate here, we were bombarded with a VERY LOUD, obnoxious & drunk table of about 20 people. We could not even hear ourselves talk. I was with my husband, aunt & uncle, we could not hear & it ruined out dining experience. I don't enjoy screaming my conversations across the table. I asked the server to ask the table to keep it down. Apparently, they had been there for a while... needless to say, one of the diners at that table accosted me & was very rude. It really tainted the evening. The owner did come by the table, apologized & then told us that the large, LOUD table had been there for 3 hours & he had hoped they would be gone by the time other diners arrived. Didn't happen.
Hw was nice, however, here is where I get ticked off. He offered to "treat us" to our next meal there, even asked for my email which he then realized was in the system because I booked with OpenTable. Do me a favor, unless you are going to do it, don't say it. I feel duped & taken advantage of. I will never dine here again because of the poor treatment. Vey disappointed..... 
There are small restaurants that actually appreciate our business.
DON'T LIE TO PEOPLE.I recently dined at Casta Diva.  The service was very cold and unfriendly.  I won't say it was rude, but it was strangely nothing.  It did not enhance our meal in any way.  The food was very good.  We got almost no information or suggestions from our waitress, so we luckily made good choices.  At the end of the meal, I was presented with the check in a typical check folder that had the American Express logo.  When I put down my American Express card, I was told they only accept cash.  I had a party of 7 and did not have enough cash.  It was pretty embarrassing since I was hosting the dinner.  My son had to run a couple doors down to a cash station.  I told the gentleman (I'm not sure if he was the manager or a waiter) that they need to warn people about the cash-only policy.  He said they always do.  Well, I called for my reservation and they did not tell me.  I thought hard about this and can't remember ever being in a cash only restaurant.  Very strange.
So, bottom line, would I go back?  No.  The food was very good, but there are lots of great restaurants in Philly.  I would rather go somewhere that will treat me with friendly service and appreciates my business.  Also, since I don't usually carry lots of cash with me, I think I'll take a pass.  My advice to Casta Diva, don't be such a "diva"-be more friendly and accept credit cards.  It will pay off in the end.Very vibrant, close, intimate atmosphere for a saturday night. Service was on point and was very patient with our group. Had fun lovely couple next to us engage on conversation so be ready to interact with other parties around you. The bruschetta was ok and i thought it would be a little be more flavorful with balsamic or herbs. All the dishes we ordered excellent, however. The lamb chops and octopus were both extremely flavorful and had original sauce complexity to them. I would come back to this laid back BYO.This is a sweet place with good seating and the food was pretty good.  It wasn't too loud.  BYO feature is nice, too.  Good for groups!  Get the cheese plate appetizer and you won't be sorry :-)Food and service were very good, even on a holiday. The focaccia bread is delicious, and the lamb entree was fantastic. Even though the restaurant is small, it is not too loud. Great atmosphere and food.Excellent food and great service! We were a group of six , had the bruschetta and calamari as appetizers; mains included the trofie pasta, Bronzino, bucatini parts and steak. Everything was very fresh and prepared just right. Will come back!I love byob restaurants, and this one is one of the best! Like most byobs, it's small and intimate, but unlike others, the acoustics in the room are great so you're able to have a good conversation without having to yell across the table. The portions are not huge and not too small; this is a great date spot. Also, the menu changes relatively frequently, making it interesting to go back to again and again.Excellent! I have been here twice and have enjoyed every part of each meal. The duck breast entree and cheese plate appetizer will keep me coming back for years to come. The service is superb (had the same server twice, unfortunately I forget his name) . They are able to satisfy patrons with even the most difficult of food restrictions, such as myself, which is greatly appreciated.Had the Spinach Tagliatelle.  Home made spinach pasta ribbons smothered with beef, pork and veal bolognese, with Fonduta cheese on top.  Mix it up and savor the wonderful melody of flavors.  
Also the Ricotta Gnocchi.  Home make pasta potato and ricotta dumplings in a light gorgonzola cream sauce and sweet sweet peas topped with crispy Pancetta.  Just delicious.  
Also, we had the Fresh Mozzarella with Organic Heirloom tomatoes from Lancaster PA with fresh basil and sweet onions.  Tomatoes were light and sweet, and the fresh home made mozzarella, was creamy and slightly salty.  
Service was amazing. The chef even came out to our table to say hello.  
BYOB and cash only.  Not a problem  Definitely going backThis byob is amazing. I don't have any food pictures, each plate was licked clean.  The food is amazing, fresh and inspired. Do yourself a favor and try it. We loved the gnoudi, octopus, lamb chops, branzino and salmon. Enjoy!!Casta Diva was on my list of places to try and I was not disappointed! I went for my graduation dinner and the food was amazing! For appetizers we ordered the calamari, cheese quintet, and assorted salumi. All of the appetizers were fresh and delicious. For entrees we ordered the spinach tagliatelle, branzino, crispy skin wild salmon, the new york strip steak, and the cinghiale. There was not one complaint around the table! All of the food was wonderfully prepared and the service was spot on. The only mix up that we had is that when they say BYOB they really mean it and don't sell any alcohol so we had to run out and buy some wine once we got there. Other than that I will definitely be back!Went here last night and had an excellent meal! It's a BYOB which was excellent. The servers were very pleasant and addressed us and opened our wine right when we arrived. We ordered a cheese plate which was of course delicious (how can you go wrong?!) I ordered a ricotta with house made tomato sauce special which was AMAZING. Light and fluffy and wonderful. He had a veal chop that was perfectly cooked and served with potato gnocchi also delicious! Very happy with our selections!So let me start off by saying if you are looking for a trendy place and happening atmosphere this isn't the place to go. Having said that, what this place is great for is a romantic, quite atmosphere with an authentic Italian flare.  The pasta dishes are unreal, calamari was great(not fried) and the artichokes are a must have! And it's byob, even better.Fabulous food, great service! Two things one should know... it is BYOB and cash only! There is an ATM in the hallway, but I preferred to be prepared. The restaurant is a little small, so make sure you make a reservation. 
You won't be sorry you tried it!Great Pre-fixe menu, delicious gnocci and great coffee... definitely recommend when in the Philly area!Accidentally found this place when our reservation got screwed up elsewhere. And really happy we did - once we addressed the BYOB and cash things.  Lovely little place with great service and even better food. Dishes were great to look at and tasted even better. Wish I could remember what we had but will be back when I am in Philly again.The food was quite good, however the service left much to be desired. Our server was extremely unwelcoming and made us feel like we were an imposition to him. Also, it is cash only, which is annoying.Byob restaurants are great but this place is one of the greatest in our city. I love it. Have had dinner here about five times and every time I have enjoyed delicious, filling, tasty food. On my last visit, I had  the duck breast - cooked to perfection. My favorite  deserts are tiramisu and poached pear. If you know how to distinguish good food from average, then this is the right place.A nice, cozy restaurant that would be perfect for dates or a nicer dinner with friends.  Located near Rittenhouse Square, it gives a good intimate feeling throughout the dinner.
Important: this place is cash only, BYOB.
We had a special appetizer: fire roasted red peppers with anchovies.  That was delicious, and I found myself looking for the recipe for future use.
Also ordered: one pasta dish (the name escapes me, sorry) and the Branzino.  The Branzino was really tasty, very crispy and flavorful.
The service is very friendly, and all the waitstaff are attentive and knowledgeable.
I will definitely come back here, though I have to admit it is pretty pricey so it's not going to be somewhere I can come too often.I really special place for dinner. The menu is excellent. Food was prepared perfectly. Service was great. It was a special place I can't wait to go backFood was good, expensive, but very disappointed after eating 3 courses and spending a lot of money, Management asked us to leave 10 minutes after we finished dessert because they needed the table. Are you kidding me?! 
I'll never go here again.Outstading!  Our favorite neighborhood BYO italian.  Nice intimate atmosphere.  Fantastic homemade pasta, although just about anything on the menu is just great.  
Not always easy to get a table, and service can sometimes be slightly rushed but no complaints.  Can't wait to go back.This restaurant was excellent. The food was divine and the service was top-notch. We actually joined a party of 4 and the restaurant easily accommodated an extra couple. Dessert looked scrumptious although we did not try it. I would definitely come back again!Great little BYO. Remember cash only.
This place reminded me of my grandmother's house... just down home, well made Italian food. Sauteed calamari in spicy tomato sauce and shaved artichoke salad were delicious. Waitstaff was friendly and attentive.Can I give 0 stars? I can't rank the food but I don't live in the area and came in to get a gift card and was told they're in the middle of dinner service and to come back between 4-5pm. I have worked in the restaurant business for about 10 years and I've never worked anywhere that turns away someone buying a gift card. Bad business.Low-key, elegant restaurant. Had the pappardelle with wild boar and mushroom ragu, which was fantastic. Tender, juicy, and hearty. Would definitely come back.I love this place.  Try to make reservations in advance even on a week night because it's a little small.  I've gone there for basically a private tasting type menu event and had the tiramisu, steak entree, gnocchi and the salad with beets and everything was excellent.  I then went back expecting to do the recession special- they have a limited menu for that which actually had a pretty good selection I just really wanted to get their steak again because it was so amazing the previous time.  So I got their caprese salad and steak special and both were fantastic.  I also got their cannoli to go which was good tho not as amazing.  Will try to make it back again soonCute little BYO nestled in Rittenhouse. We were traveling through on our way back to New York and we stopped here via a friends recommendation. Candace was our server and she was super lovely. Very knowledgable of the menu and everything she recommended was hella tasty. We will definitely swing by again in our travels.I came here with my girlfriends for a girls dinner, and we all had a nice time. There were a few small complaints among our group, but that's bound to happen with a party of 8. 
The food was good, but not great, and I think everyone in our party enjoyed their meal.Excellent neighborhood BYOB.  We started with the pappardelle with cingale (wild boar) and not only was it delicious, but the portion was more than enough for two people.  My duck was cooked to perfection and the branzino was delicate, flaky and succulent.  Service was great - understated and not obtrusive.  Very much looking forward to returning!The food here is excellent - it really is a hidden gem. My friend was vegetarian and the beets, artichoke, and the mushroom pasta did not disappoint. The pasta was amazing - we had never had such a flavorful dish.
I also ordered the salmon - very well flavored and a generous serving, but nothing spectacular!Wow, this was incredible. I came as a recommendation by a friend and was not disappointed! We changed our reservation from 4 to 6 people last minute on a Saturday night and they accommodated us no problem. First, it smelled INCREDIBLE when we walked in, beyond amazing. The food was delicious, and the  presentation was gorgeous! 
I got the Trofie dish, which was curled pasta with mushrooms, pecorino, and truffle oil and was outstanding, and everyone else enjoyed their meal just as much. I would 100% come back here in a heart beat, and it was BYO! Not the cheapest one I've been to but the food quality was beyond expectations, so there is no doubt it was worth it. I'm in love!Truly amazing food. Loved everything. Salmon and lamb were great. Highly recommend the octopusMy favorite Italian byob in phila. Perfection  in every plate. The soup appetizers are always incredible. Been there many times. can't wait to go backVery good, clean Italian food. A really nice neighborhood BYO for when you want to go out, but don't want anything too formal. The wait staff is really super friendly.I have walked by here often on my way to Brown Betty or Audrey Claire and thought it would be ridiculously expensive--but it's not!  Turns out it's a BYO and one of the well-regarded Italian restaurants in town with reasonably-priced food.  The restaurant is elevated and they have beautiful decor inside.  Our server reminded me of an older Italian guy in a Brooklyn pizza shop from the way he acted and talked, but he was very professional and good.  We had the caesar salad (Insalata Giulio Cesare) and octopus special as starters.  Both were delicious although I wish their portions were slightly bigger.  The caesar salad was on par with delicious caesar salads at top steakhouses.  We had 2 different pasta dishes for our main course but I thought both were not that memorable.  You could tell they were homemade and they were flavorful, but I found the sauces a bit boring.
We were seated right next to the window and it was a nice view.  I really like the feel of the restaurant even though it's narrow and I usually don't like "railway"-style apartments or restaurants.  And I noticed that most of the people dining there were senior citizens.  Younger people came later but I found it interesting that this place seems so fancy on the inside and outside (similar to Rouge or one of the more trendier places in Rittenhouse) but it seems to have a pretty low-key clientele.I love this place. Consistently a delicious meal and good service. The atmosphere is great for a romantic dinner or a fun night with friends. Their pasta dishes are great!This chef-owned restaurant serves a variety of perfectly prepared dishes at a moderate price. Most recently I dined with a friend and we split 3 courses and felt totally satisfied. The caesar salad contains white anchovies! The servers are attentive and courteous. It's nice to bring our own wine. The music is not too loud but it can get very noisy when it is crowded because there is no fabric to absorb the noise. The menu is small and each dish is cooked to perfection. I have dined here many times and will return and recommend it to others.  You have to remember to bring a wad of cash as they take no credit cards. I don't think that is mentioned on the website but when they call to confirm your reservation, they will mention it. (If worse comes to worse, there is a cash machine at the 711 down the street.) If you come for a very early dinner, check how long you can sit at table before next reservation. They try not to have a line waiting as it is a small space so, if they fit you into a short time slot, you may feel a bit rushed.Unexceptional and average.  Our calamari appetizer was chewy and the sauce watery.  The tagliatelle was a bit gummy.  As is customary in virtually every restaurant, the specials were over-priced and did not contain any ingredients that were particularly special in a seasonal or cost sense.  We also overheard our waitress list the specials to a table next to us and noted she omitted one when telling us, a dish which one of our party would have enjoyed despite the price.  Finally, we had to ask the staff to turn down the music twice.  Frankly, I am tired of restaurants whose staff play music they prefer and at a volume that is unnecessarily loud.  Even were the food exceptional this self-centered behavior ruins an evening out, but when the food is average the noisy self-indulgence lingers.I think this is the best Italian restaurant in Center City.  The food is fantastic!  My favorites are the shaved artichoke, the whole-wheat fettuccine with mushrooms, the salmon and the steak (if it's a special!)
Service was friendly.  The atmosphere is great, livelier on weekends.  
They make stellar cappuccinos!A classy but cozy BYO with a nice and relaxed atmosphere.  We were seated in the very back by the kitchen which made feel less cramped than what some other posters had mentioned.  
Highlights of the meal included the artichoke & parmesean salad and chicken with tuffle jus.  We'll definitely be back soon.My crew and I caused a slight scene so the reason for 4  stars instead of 3 is because we still received remarkable service with all the evenings hiccups.
I do have to say i was not overly impressed with the food but maybe should have ordered a pasta dish instead. A friend and i shared the branzino with frutti de mare , the artichoke salad and brussels sprouts. 
The artichoke salad was good it came dressed in a flavorful vinaigrette along side some radishes. The sprouts stole the show they weren't roasted which is what im used to but they were seasoned well and possibly cooked in bacon fat or something equally as good.the branzino was mediocre at best but was plenty for the two of us to share. We capped our meal with two double espressos. I may return to try a pasta dish in the event im in the neighborhood and looking for a BYOB thats cash onlyI have to rant and rave about how great this place is. My fiancee and I had been here before and I never felt inclined to write a review until tonight....
My friends and I went to Matyson for dinner and were treated atrociously. They did not even acknowledge or apologize for how bad the service was (i.e. we waited over 30 minutes to place our orders, after flagging down a server, and then waited another half hour for appetizers). We were so angry that we left after appetizers and wandered over to Casta Diva.
The service was quick, amazing, and they were really kind and didn't rush us out when we showed up at 9:30 (they close at 9:45). They served us a full meal, with dessert, and were kind and gracious. Also - quick to fill our waters.
I had the spinach tagliatelle and it was amazing. A good end to a terrible night at Matyson. :)A small Italian restaurant just north of Rittenhouse Square. There are Christmas lights decorating the tress outide (and about two tables for the warmer months).
The inside houses only a handful of tables, so make reservations. This place can get loud and the quarters are tight - but it still is a very romantic place. The best part? Great Italian food for really really reasonable Center City prices.After doing a search for "large party, BYOB" on yelp, I booked this restaurant based on the reviews and was not disappointed.  The place was very accommodating of our large group. The food and service were excellent.  Highly recommend!  Very reasonable walk from suburban station.BYOB and BYOC (Cash no Credit Cards Excepted) Small intimate space with a New York East Village Vibe.
The food is very good, perhaps a little too inventive. My New York Strip was very rare, seared on the outside with a rub that had some strange spice that wasn't to my liking. The steak was very good though.
My wife had fish and loved it. She also loved the wine.
Service was great.We had reservations but still waited over 15 minutes and the hostess was not honest about how long the wait would be.  After waiting for a while, we asked how long the wait was. She told us she was clearing a table soon but another 5 minutes later, we asked someone else how long it would be when he told us that the table we were waiting for just ordered dessert... Which would have meant another half hour wait. Not sure why they would overbook and not be honest about the wait time. Anyway, we definitely did not stick around...
Pretty disappointed because normally the food is delicious but not worth a 45 minute wait WITH reservations.I've been going to Casta  Diva since it opened. It is by far the best BYOB in the city. The food is amazing and the staff is very knowledgeable  and friendly. I've brought family ,friends and guests from out of town and they all agree it's the best. The ambiance and music is always nice. The owner is also a great guy. I would recommend this place to everyone for any reason, first date, anniversary, or just a nice dinner for no good reason. Love it.