This was bar #2 for me during my Erin Express and it was not bad at all!!! There was a DJ who played pretty good music and although the place was crowded it wasn't horrible. I definitely want to go back when it's not as crowded and filled with drunk people (especially drunk college students who say racist, unpleasant words) which made my mood sour, but nothing against the bar itself!!!Not the biggest fan. It's in between two universities- UPenn and Drexel so it's more focused towards college kids than families. I've seen them deny entrance to students who are over 21. So we end up going to Blarneys around the corner. Sometimes they charge a cover which is ridiculous because it's not a club, it's a dive bar. 
Sometimes there's dancing. Or people attempting to play drinking games. There's a zillion TVs blasting. Or they'll try to fit some live entertainment in the corner. It's just not big enough to host students. And the bathrooms are gross. 
I came here once to celebrate my friends 21st. They didn't even care. No happy birthdays or free drinks or maybe a shirt. We went around the corner to another bar and they gave her a free mug. 
I came here another time to celebrate Erin Express- these jerks raised the prices instead of giving out deals. We left to go to Wahoos. 
I've come here on several occasions to give them more chances but I've never been happy. We always leave to go somewhere else. There's better bars in university city if you're looking for a good timeeven when the place becomes a proper mob scene w/ the young'uns, the servers do their best to keep everyone happy and take care of the regulars. i am always treated well, which is why i've been coming round for 8+ years and continue to do so after having left the neighbourhood. good people = good bar. as important as the service, of course, is what they serve. the food's very good w/ some decent variety, there are always several interesting tap offerings among the more run-of-the-mill sorts and the take-away selection never disappoints. welcome to cavanaugh's! :)A friend and I came here for dinner and a few beers. Located in the heart of the University City section of Philly, Cavanaugh's signature is their wings while offering a wide variety of draft and bottle beers along with a nice menu selection from wraps to wings.
We walked in to an empty bar but by the time we left, business had picked up. Multiple TV around the bar provide whatever sports are playing at the time. Our server (Alexis?) was pleasant, friendly and knew the menu well.
I had the Reuben on Rye with mixed veggies and a side of the wings. Our food came out in a reasonable time and was very good. The wings are nice-sized.
Other Info.: A clean restaurant/bar, easy to find and has 6-packs to go. The presence of security in the area gives you a safe feeling while walking around.Great wings and late-night specials.  I only wish I was still a few years younger and could still enjoy the college girls...Although, I haven't been here in a while, I've been coming here for years! I had my favorite suicide hot wings. If you enjoy heat, these will definitely do the trick. I also had the Cajun flavored mussels for the first time and I'm so glad I did. I love mussels and they didn't disappoint. Can you say flavor! To help wash it all down, I had the Monday special peach margarita. The flavor was delicious, but it had no kick at all. I'm not s drinker and I felt absolutely nothing. It was more like a peach juice. Nonetheless, it was still delicious and I'll continue to return like I have been for years. Now especially if I'm in the mood for some good mussels in addition to their fantastic hot wings. Might I add, it was late afternoon, we sat in the bar area and the service was great!Criticizing a college dive bar for their food is like criticizing athletes in the special olympics for their talent: it's unfair and mean-spirited. Still, I've got to stick to my guns. Cruel to be kind, you know how it is. Am currently digesting a bruschetta burger with bacon. Still wondering why they put what is clearly a fajita-esque topping on my bruschetta burger (sauteed tomatoes, red and green peppers, and onions). If I'd wanted a fajita burger, I would have ordered one. Burger itself was cooked well, tasty wedge fries. Sorry I can't be more specific. If you've had one mediocre bar meal, you've had them all.
You don't come here for the food, obviously. You come here because you want someplace within drunken-stumbling distance of your place, and because you don't mind taking a shower when you get home. And I'm not referring to having a sweaty dancin' good time, I'm talking about feeling like you're in danger of contracting a low-level illness if you spend any measurable amount of time in here.Stopped in here for dinner before a movie at The Bridge, I mean Rave.  Used to go semi-frequently when I was in school.  It definitely looks the same, except that they have way more tvs.  Every inch of wall space is covered by at tv.  I think it's a little much.  Pitchers of Blue Moon were on special so that was a nice throwback.  I ordered a grilled cheese and requested only cheddar.  The waitress explained that they only had a cheese blend, and I said that's fine.  Much to my disappointment, the grilled cheese still showed up with fake Kraft American slices on it.  That is exactly what I was trying to avoid.  My friend enjoyed his quesadilla.  The waitress was pretty attentive and friendly.Yes, there are plenty of other more popular bars at Penn than Cav's, but it was the one that my friends and I ended up frequenting quite a bit. It's got a bar with plenty of TVs to go around, so you can always catch up on the latest sports action. The beer's cheap, and the food is passable...I usually got chicken fingers or a burger, both of which are standard, nondescript dishes. But I'm not going to a bar for the food, right? On weekend nights they have a DJ who, if my memory serves correctly, did a pretty solid job (and definitely better than the DJ at Smokes, IMO). The service can be a bit spotty, though, even if it's not terribly crowded. A lot more local residents come here compared to the other bars, but it was a nice laid-back place to have a pitcher or two and catch up with friends at the end of the week. Not a party bar by far, but it was a low-key place and enjoyable to visit.Enjoy watching the baseball games early here and then it normally fills up later as the games end, pretty good crowdIcky ambiance. Tables and furniture seemed a bit sticky. Food was decent, but not memorable in any way. Waitress clearly wanted to be somewhere else. Not recommended at all, even for watching game since numerous TVs had relatively poor pictures.Love this place! This is a favorite lunch spot for me and my co-workers. They have lunch cards, the tenth lunch is free! The food is always good, their chicken orchard salad will not disappoint or their pulled pork sandwich. They also have the best mozzarella sticks I've ever had, give them a try. Mondays they have five dollar burgers and fries.
They always have new ciders and different beers on tap + great drink specials.  The main reason we love coming here though, besides the delicious food is the wait staff. All the girls that work there are so sweet, they are always friendly and eager to accommodate their customers.what can i say? i love the folks there. mostly mellow but willing to step up when people aren't acting right. the food's always good, the service better. that's why i've been a regular since 2004. i love this bar. don't tell anyone cuz i don't want to lose my seat.I thought I'd give this place another shot, huge mistake.  Ordered a medium cooked burger with fried onions, cheese, and bacon and picked the mashed potatoes option as a side for delivery from GrubHub.  It was delivered relatively quickly, but I was disappointed with everything else again. The burger was cooked med well to well done and the mashed potatoes were bland and tasted like they were a few days old.  i ate half the burger and a few bites of the potatoes and felt sick 10 minutes later.  I threw the rest out and spent the rest of my night running to the bathroom.  Thanks for wrecking my night Cavs!This place is made for college kids and people that really do not care about quality. The place is really not that nice and it needs a ton of upgrade. Plus the food is greasy but they do have A bigger variety than you would think. There is no hope so you have to see yourself. And there might even be a confusion between who is serving you. I only go in there when I'm visiting my daughter in the hospital and my car is parked.Amazing service, especially by Terry! The drinks were well made and delivered exceptional quickly, the wings (hot) were to die for and the steamed mussels, oh lord did they hit the spot! In all honesty, Terry's speciality drinks made the night, definitely coming back next time! You can't go wrong with Cavanaugh's.This is the worst place, when was the last time it was cleaned or painted?  There are so many nicer places like Drinker's right down the street that I would steer clear of this place not to mention that the management is not nice and seems not to care.Cavs' is an excellent sports bar with great wings, food specials and beer selection. Wings are discounted on Tuesdays and Thursdays and there are beer discounts every day. The bartenders and staff are great, even to whiny Pats fans who play quarters at the bar. Service can be a bit slow if you are not at the bar so I suggest sitting there. Good mix of University City and West Philly crowds.I really enjoyed this place. Friendly service. Good food - I had the chicken cheese steak with pizza sauce and mushrooms. Prices were reasonable. Only complaint was the steamed little necks were a bit salty. Not enough to prevent me from going back the next day for lunch.
Went back the next day and everything was good again. I'll go back next time I am in Philly.Cavanaugh's has all the trappings of a neighborhood bar: cheap beer, cheap food, more tv's per square inch than Best Buy... but it has one serious area it needs to improve on: lighting. The lights are always turned up to full blast, fully illuminating the shabby furnishings and shabbier patrons. I came to this bar once with some coworkers who had never been there before and upon entering they definitely experienced a "what the hell" moment as their senses tried to cope with the well-lit surroundings. We went on to have a pretty decent time as they were actually pretty happy with the on-tap beer selection (it's decent and cheap) but it's tough to recover from that initial shock and go on to declare the bar to be anything but a dive. Aspire to be something more, Cav's!
Oh yeah, the wings are good though.if you're interested in more than just great food and service (good conversation to follow).Dinner specials are a good deal and the wings...well they are "Award Winning".
Ask for Carla at the bar. She'll definitely take care of you and make you laugh in the process.Never have I felt compelled to actually write a review of a restaurant until this evening. It's a Sunday afternoon, and as a sports bar, you'd think the staff would be prepared for that. But no, one poor girl and a disgruntled bar back who was more interested in flirting with the girl at the bar than servicing our table was handling all of the tables. They posted that their pitchers were a lower price during games, and when the check came we were charged significantly more. They also charged us as a group with a table across the aisle from us (who admittedly, we knew) but had not ordered a single thing as a group. We were a table of four, and an 18% tax was added. I call shenanigans. My friend ordered a sandwich and it took them 30 min to get it out, although most of the restaurant was empty. When we asked the disgruntled bar back about the sandwich (politely, I might add) he was so incredibly rude and dismissive. Although the blonde at the bar seemed to be enjoying her service just fine . Look, I get it. Game days aren't fun for service. But the bar wasn't full by any means. You claim to be a sports bar. Come on, man. I wasn't the only one leaving the bar today after this poor performance. I certainly won't ever come back. First and last time.Go to Morgans Pier, don't waste your time with this place. Welcome to hardo city. My friends and I went to cavanaugh's this past Friday night after meeting up for the first time in awhile because we are from Massachusetts, Missouri, and Arizona. My Missouri friend went in first and payed the 5 dollar cover and turned around to see the meatheads up front giving my friend from Arizona a hard time about his id. I understand that the Arizona id is a common fake on the east coast but my friend had backup id's, I pulled up his Facebook showing he was working in Delaware over the summer but from Arizona, and then we realized he was wearing an asu shirt but they refused to scan or get a second opinion from anyone else. So we didn't get in -- ok fine. My friend who had just paid the cover had immediately come over to us to see what was going on and never set foot in the actual club. So after getting denied because there's no way 4 friends could be from 3 different states my friend went to get his cover money back. They refused to give it back because "he was already in the club." 5 bucks is 5 bucks but what a scam! So that kind of killed the mood for awhile but it was quickly lifted up because we went to where we should've been the entire time. Morgans Pier has a competent staff and a better view of the bridge. If this review isn't enough to convince you then look at the 100 other horrible reviews this place has gotten.Having been in a fraternity in college, it pains me to say this... frat party.  Yup, that basically sums up Cavs.  
A popular college destination for the cheap drinks  - I certainly can't blame anyone on a budget - Cavs will pack up for major events such as the Erin Express. Their non-express specials usually include food (cheap wings, free pizza) and a drink option that anyone can afford.  The environment is far from classy, but they still pack'em in.  Truth be told, since I'm not THAT old, you will probably find me here at least once a year...I can't really knock on the bar scene here because I haven't experienced it yet. This review is mainly for the food & atmosphere.
Went here with a friend who considers Cav's the drinking hole for him & his buddies. It was the Sunday of the Eagles vs Giants & Phillies vs. Yankees games. First off I was totally shocked at the amount of TV's. Obviously the place to watch whatever sports game is going on. My friend was always going off about the cheese fries so we ordered that & for me a buffalo chicken wrap. The cheese fries were really good! I must say probably some of the best. The buffalo chicken wrap, BLEECH! There was no buffalo sauce, the blue cheese over-powered the whole thing. I felt sick. Sorry Cav's but going by everyone else's food reviews, i'll stick with the fries & a couple of beers.LATE NIGHT SPECIAL! GReat place! Delicious food, good drink specials & friendly staff :) get the wings & the seafood ceasar salad u won't be disappointed !!I really like this place! Food is inexpensive but really good and the portion size is large. Service is really friendly. They have regular events, like karaoke, or debate watch parties. They have a lot of televisions for watching sports.I've only been here a few times, once for food and a couple times for drinks with friends.
Food is TERRIBLE, I got some special they had, french onion soup and entree (I think I'd gotten a burger or something simple), and everything was SO salty I couldn't have more than a few bites. My friends tried it and agreed, so it wasn't just me. Maybe the chef was having a really bad day and just cried a lot of salty salty tears into our food, but no one liked their meal. We got free malibu shots though, for some reason.
Drinks, pretty standard I guess, and it's a great place to come watch the game. Very excited people, fun atmosphere.I can't give one star because they do take pride in the food.
And they probably serve the best french onion soup that I've have had in my life.
It's also nice to be able to watch all the football games during football season.
The problem here is simply this disorganisation - this is a place that will stay in business and will continue to do good business because of their location but the service is an absolute mess
Once there are more than 10 people in the bar all the staff becomes overwhelmed there is zero organization there is no one who stops and manages the staff there is no one who says okay 
"you bartender number one or waiter number one: make sure you take the orders and you bartender number 2 -  make sure you get the orders to the right tables" - so what you end up with is everybody on the staff trying to do everything and consequently nobody on the staff is capable of doing anything - once there are more than 10 people in the bar!
So you sit there wondering why you have to wait 45 minutes for a beer when there are only 10 people in the entire restaurant but it's because there is zero organization
It is an absolute sh*t show!
I even had the manager come over to our table and say I'm sorry I can't take your food orders we are no longer taking food orders tonight because we're too busy.
And it was only 8 p.m. in the evening.I went here last weekend on a Saturday night.  They were busy because it was a fight night and they were charging $10 to get in.  They were nice enough to let us chill until the fight actually began and then would come around to see if we wanted to stay for $10 or go.  I had a beer and some fries, the fries were pretty good.....mmmmm....wedge shaped.  
There was a nice mix of people, college alumni (yup, there were a few Drexel alums there), college kids, and locals.  The service was decent, it was a pretty comfortable environment, but I'm warning you, tv's are everywhere.Stopped in here on a snowy monday night for drinks and a bite, around 10:30pm.  It was pretty dead and empty.  The place is decent in size with a full bar in the center of the room and seating tables surrounding it.  There's a beer shelf for ones who want to buy beer after stores closed, a pretty wide selection.  
We ordered little neck clams, cheeseburger, and wings.  I'd say they have decent bar food here.  I do like their wings, I did ask for sauce on the side (tangy teriyaki).  I enjoyed their little neck clams which came with 2 pieces of garlic bread (long rolls).  The cheeseburger looked a little dry, so eh, I'd stay away from that. We ordered 2 chocolate pretzel shots recommended by the bartender, pretty good. 
As for service, nothing to brag about on a dead night.  Two bartenders working a pretty much empty bar.Had a great experience today. Wings were so good! Service was great. Fries were good. Roll for cheesesteak I had was little dry but other than that great place. Wings were so good--can see why they are award winning.Me and my friend were looking fir any place in West Philly where we can watch the Presidential Debate and ended up here.
Even though the sound was off and w had to read the debate, no joke, we actually had a lot of fun at this place. We ordered coconut shrimp, wings and fries. Wings smelled crazy good and my cocnt shrimps had alot of flavor, also huge, making it a legit snack. Fries are ok, nothing exciting. 
Once the games and debate was over, karaoke night started and we screamed and sang. For a random stumble upon, this was pretty fun. Pretty good music and chill DJ.Well everyone here has been talking about the bar and stuff... and it's a bar so I guess the food isn't that great but, in case you're wondering! I got salmon and it was really dry and kinda tasteless. They shouldn't offer food if they're not gonna make it at least taste good, forget making it healthy or beautifully presented or whatever. 
But my friend got a calzone and it was like a baby mammoth! I have never seen one that big, I didn't know it was possible! Seriously it blew my mind.I will never forget you, Cavanaugh's. Going there on a fine Sunday evening to witness alleged history in the making, I was humiliated and betrayed in front of all my friends. 18-1. sigh. 'til next season.
Pros:
Great sports bar (read: more LCD screens than a LAN party)
Fun-loving, spirited cross-section of West Philly denizens
Wall-to-wall refrigerators of beer (take-out or drink-in)
Tasty wings...although on super bowl sunday, the wings on our last plate looked like a bunch of midget Lilliputians...which, on second thought is probably the anatomically-accurate size of a pre-steroid era chicken
Cons:
Can be armpit in your face, holding onto the ceiling, NYC subway at rush-hour crowded
Philly liquor laws suck...nothing like getting ripped for a 6-pack
Bottom line:
Get a table, watch the game with friends, drink macro-brews, and cheer for the Eagles like madI waited over an hour in line to get in on a Thursday night after 12am. I was verbally assaulted by the bathroom attendant while waiting in line for the restroom. This place is awful.Went there for erin express (so I admit, not the best time to go). But! It was awful. Really awful. There was beer alllll over the floor (in the bathrooms too, but I doubt it was beer). We got a pitcher of "bud light" which we decided was actually rolling rock served at room temperature. It was skunked and terrible. We tried telling the bartender, but she assured us that it was fresh bud light. It wasn't. 
I've been here for the stanford cal big game a couple years ago and had a good time, but sanitary issues aside, you just can't get away with selling terrible terrible skunked beer (and mislabeled beer to boot).Solid, cheap bar food and drinks, especially for a place in University City. I love going here to watch games because they have 50+ TVs and your game is BOUND to be on one of them. 
Food is pretty typical of a sports bar, nothing spectacular, but for the price, definitely tasty and worth it. My drinks were mixed fairly well, but don't expect any top shelf liquors in this joint. I got Smirnoff vodka and some knock-off energy drink, which still tasted pretty good and was a hell of a lot cheaper than Red Bull.
My boyfriend and I ordered 4 drinks a piece, an order of cheese fries (huge) and a bowl of chili (super meaty and smokey) and spent 40 bucks. Not too shabby!One of my favorite places for wings! They have amazing drink (and food) specials and they are reasonably priced. Usually empty during the week which can be a good thing sometimes.GREAT FOOD! Ever since I discovered that this bar served take-out and delivery, Cavanaugh's has been on my speed dial. No joke. The food is amazing. Typically bars serve alright food.. Hey, after a few drinks you aren't going to notice!
Not the case with Cav's. Everything that I have tried has been a treat for my mouth. Especially the Nachos Grandes and the Chicken Quesadillas. Their desserts are pretty amazing as well; I especially recommend the carrot cake. The only thing I don't like about the cheesecake is the lack of crust.. which, to me is the best part. 
I highly recommend Cav's, even if you don't want anything to drink.I hate this place.  I've been dragged there many times by college friends.  It's filthy and greasy and the floor is always covered with sloshed drinks.  The place is packed so tight with frat boys and sloppy-drunk girls it's hard not to get in a fight just trying to get to the disgusting bathroom.  
I don't know why people go here.  Unless they want to get super drunk on awful beer and accidentally sleep with someone hideous and immature.We went there because my boyfriend had to watch not-Eagles football on a Sunday so already I had a low expectation.  The bartender was really nice and there weren't too many people there on a Sunday afternoon so that was nice.  There were TVs everywhere showing all the games and they would change the channel if you wanted to watch a different game, very accommodating.  A pitcher of beer was $10 I think, so that was pretty cheap, but it was Miller Lite...
It's an OK place to watch a game in West Philly but I wouldn't go here otherwise.  At least the bathroom wasn't too bad.Food wise, Cav's is really up there in my mind for a pub. The calzone on their menu has always been a favorite of mine, and they make pretty great onion rings which I can throw down fast while watching a football game. This is one of the few places in the city where I have been able to find NFL Sunday ticket, so you will find me here on many Sunday afternoons.I am a fan as they were able to get us our Cal Golden Bears football game as Fox and Hound couldn't. They saved our Cal alumni outing, and it seemed like a pretty chill place to watch a game.
I hope to be able to get audio on games in the future, but hey they did deliver on a Cal game when Fox and Hound bailed on us.Finding a decent bar with nfl season ticket is a very tough thing to do in this city, but lucky for me, cavs came through and became my regular spot to watch the j-e-t-s. All my cheering didn't help sanchez or tebow, but oh well. This place has great pitcher specials and solid bar food.NEVER AGAIN!
It took us close to an hour to order, and the place was relatively empty. An hour after we ordered, we came to realize that they didn't even start on our order yet. The next decision was simple...we walked the hell out. They get 1 star for still selling 4 Loco.
We ended up going to Baby Blue BBQ, and it was great.Somebody today asked me, "Where are all the sports bars in Philadelphia?"
There aren't any. That's because places like Cavanaugh's have become more "college" than sports bars. I too, when in college, knew of this place. It was popularized by the Greek-life folks.
This place has cheap domestic beers, good chicken fingers, and lots going on. If that's your scene, load up. But I would not catch a game here, or a cold.Desperation is a major theme in my reviews of Philadelphia restaurants and bars--especially when it comes to West Philly.  Cavanaugh's is another place I've come when I was desperate for basic pub food and/or beer.  The prices aren't terrible and the food's better than the Philly Diner around the corner.  They run your standard boring American / Stella Artois / Hoegaarden taps and there are a lot of TV's, which may be a pro or con depending on your taste.  If you like sports and loud sports bars this could be just what you're looking for.  But consider that when the college kids are here it's intolerable (unless, I suppose, you're a 21 year old Drexel kid with your dad's credit card).  I'll probably come here at least one more time before I leave this godforsaken city.  It won't necessarily make me happy, and it hopefully won't make me too sad.  In short, visitors should adjust their expectations carefully before venturing into Cavanaugh's as this isn't a bar for everyone and it's very different at different times.Decent diner service, the girls were very friendly and sweet but the food gave me food poisoning. Uncertain whether the chicken was bad or the undercooked. Never going back for FOOD, but might visit again for the bar scene when the times are right.I tried to talk to the manager on the phone to ask a question - and he hung up on me. Extremely rude for no reason at allThese guys are amazing. Where can I go to watch a 10pm West Coast Cal football game with other Cal alums? Here at Cavanaughs. They even let us not pay the $10 cover charge for the Hopkins fight and were willing to negotiate on a cheaper cover for us.
Miller was 7.50/pitcher and we were able to get the game on two TVs with audio!!!!
Thanks again to these guys to hooking us up with the game, while other Philly bars may have had a hard time getting us this late starting game.I stumbled across this place on a random weekday with a coworker because we were in West Philly on business. It was definitely not a "nice" place but the food was decent and the prices were not bad and the service was actually pretty good that night. Maybe because it was a Wednesday and there were no games on. 
If you just need a quick place to grab a decent bite, grab a beer, and watch a game, this place will do just fine. It's also really spacious inside.So, I have never written a review for anything in my entire life BUT feel as if its necessary that I share my experience at Cavanaugh's with the Yelp community. To be fair the food is above average for bar fare and the vibe is cool BUT...I have just left from having lunch there and had a brown German cockroach crawl from my plate. To say I am disgusted is an understatement. I immediately notified the owner who was on premises to tell him what happened. He said "I'm sorry about that" and took my plate away and had the waitress tell my co-worker and I that "it's on the house and we are good to go"(no chance I was paying for that anyway).  I am unsure what I expected in regards to making this right but the reaction from the staff did not feel genuine or surprised that this happened. I find it appalling that the owner himself did not come out and have a conversation and make some sort of gesture, be it a gift card(to somewhere else) his sincere apologies or something to acknowledge that something of this magnitude just happened. I felt compelled to call the Department of Public Health and write this review as a warning to future patrons until this situation has been resolved. You can review what actions were taken by the Department of Public health by going on their website after 30 days at : http://www.phila.gov/health/foodprotection/FoodSafetyReports.html and searching for "Cavanaugh's Restaurant". You can also see past reports of mold on ice cubes and in ice machines, evidence of roach, mouse and fly droppings and multiple other disgusting health violations. Roaches carry a host of diseases, viruses and bacteria as they host on human feces and live in extremely unsanitary conditions. Please eat here at your own risk.For food specials, all day every day, Cavs is a good place to start looking. On a Monday, $6 for a burger, french fries, and all pretty quickly! 
I tried the Mac and Cheese burger! I saved 4 bucks on the price, and it was super gooey and just needed a bit of salt. You can ask for pickles, onions and tomato if you'd like as well. The burgers are juicy, 7 oz monsters with a tasty bun and I'm happy with where I spent my lunch time. Thursday nights are nothing like just coming for some grub and chilling in the open space. Solid choice!WAS AMAZING FOR ST. PATRICKS DAY 3/12/16
with several porta-potties, rocking DJ, and selling cases of 9 miller lite pounders, this was THE place to be. 
I had a great great time outside in their set up, didnt set a foot inside.
Ample security between their staff and Philly police, I felt protected as well as guaranteed a good time.Stop #2 on Gator Guzzle. This place is a pretty standard sports pub. I have been to Cav's River Deck and that place is kinda bad, but Cav's U City location is pretty nice. There is a wall of take out beers and probably about 15,000 tvs in this place. They did an great job accommodating us and the kitchen was swift with my food order. Good stuff.I come here a few  times a year, have some friends that live close by. Their service has always been good. 
There are plenty of beers to choose from. Their food is ok sometimes good,  the wings and pizza are pretty good. The menu is large you should be able to find something you like. 
It is a good place to watch a game as they have plenty of TV's for viewing.This place is awful. I came with a group of 7 around 8pm on Tuesday night. We waited at the bar for longer than we should have while the bartender joked with the servers. The rum runner tasted like the cheapest rum with a splash of sunny delight. They also did not have a wheel chair accessible bathroom so we left after one drink. Who doesn't have a handicap accessible bathroom? COME ON.I am pretty over the food here, but if you live in West Philly and want to watch Pac 10 sports (or some other sporting event) on some regional station that no other bar seems to have, Cav's is the place to go.  They get automatic props for that, no doubt, but you'll never catch me there on any day besides gameday.  
If there were other places to get solid sports, Cav's would be ranked lower, but it's surprisingly difficult to find reliable sports bars on Philly with variety.Pro: Went here for Thursday night $.45 wings and had a great time. My fiance and 
         I thought the wings were delicious and well done.
Con: Not so much a con since it is a bar but it felt like the speakers/t.v.'s were a 
          little loud but it could be because we were there to just enjoy the wings, 
          not drink.  
         Also, we didn't know the celery & blue cheese is an extra $1.00. No big deal.
Pro: The waitress was nice and attentive. We shall definitely return soon.People say that it's mostly undergraddy but not on the night we went. Service is pretty hit-or-miss. Definitely hard to get the bartenders' attention. Probably about 10 people on a Thursday night and 3 bartenders that were kind of hard to flag down. Had four different shots: tootsie roll, gummy bear, girl scout, and red head slut. All tasted pretty weak. Wings are cheap and good! No complaints about the wings for sure.Pretty solid Wednesday night deal here-
$5 for all you can eat pizza and 0.75 for most draft beers-they must be feeling the pressure from Drinker's $1 PBR/Taco nights.  It was cool to also watch some West Coast games on TV (I watched my Angels play for the first time on TV for a while!)...but a few more big screen TVs in the place would be a welcome addition.One, two...eight of us. 
Thursday. 'Round 9:30 PM. 
I went there, armed with a restaurant.com gift certificate. Food is fine; I think I'm becoming a burger snob seeing that my (and others) burgers (~$7) had pathetic weight-watchers patties and meh-meh fries that were fresh out of the freezer. The Tex-mex nachos plate (half off that night?) and generously sized pizza ($11) were better than that, so I would call on that next time.
Next time, I say? Because drinks ($4 pitchers of Miller Lite, $4 well drinks, etc) were easy and fair on my wallet, and I was pulled out of my vinyl chair when I heard "to the window, to the wall." 90's hits, and I'm burning calories. 
And service was great, as we were fortunately served by the manager. 
The key is to go early, get some cheap grub, reach the point of tipsy, and as the "frat boys and sloppy-drunk(s)" stumble in, you'll be like two of the seven dwarves: Happy and Giggly. 
...if there was a Giggly.The only reason why I ever went back to this place: Erin Express. I mean at that point when you're drunk you really don't care where the party's at as long as there's something to drink.
My first experience was terrible. I got some dinner after a long day of work and I was unaware that it was college night. I wanted to kill myself. The end.Could've given a better review, if me and my friend who were completely sober at the time got denied into the bar cuz my 24 year old friend had a legit ohio license, but got completely denied by the bouncer. Bouncers asked us to pay $10 per head to skip the line, we said no thanks and for that reason we couldn't even get in...wtfWent there for post softball brews and wings. Had a large party but service started off slow. Place was ok but not where I would go to eat. Wings were ok and the blue cheese tasted a bit funky. They don't have a city wide special either!This is a good bar to watch a game, have a drink and enjoy some above average bar food!  Lots of beers on tap and a good menu selection.  Overall a good time!Right off the bat this place feels like it has a long history of providing cheer and beer for it's happy patrons.  Although I only stayed for lunch while en-route to UFC 133 I had a decent sandwich (rueben special) and an awesome beer (Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy) which I highly recommend on hot days if you like blue moon beer and the bar tender was very pleasant and seamed to know everyone who walked in.  Classy bartenders who know their job in and out and do it with pride are hard to come by.  A few people did ask if they would be showing UFC fights, which they weren't, so hopefully next time they will, but I would definitely go back, hopefully to buy a six pack of summer shandy.i was in this bar when jfk was killed 11/22/1963. i was under 21 and eating a cheese burgher with a beer. i was 18 and they didn't card me.2 DIFFERENT bouncers inappropriately touched 2 of my friends asses while here. maybe they should background check their bouncers. ha haI felt the Irish revenge when I got home and sat on the toilet. I used to regularly come to this place for their wings (which are not even great but benefit from a local monopoly on the supply) and regularly get sick when I get home. I initially struggled to make the simple, yet evident link to the consumption of Cavanaugh's food. However, my strong perspicacity and my ability to read health reviews made by local agencies prompted me to consider the link of my bowel movements and my time at this "restaurant". Hopefully, mice shit won't appear again in the realm of ingredients.Service was very slow. It seems to me that the bartenders don't care about the drinks in front of me. All staff were watching football instead of serving people. Additionally, I was asked twice to switch my channel.Yoo college!  Everyone in this bar is in it.  Wednesday they have 75cent drinks til 12.  There's over 40 TV's in one room - plus a huge projector. It'd be a nice place to watch a game - esp. if you live in the area.  Def fun on Erin Express.this place kind of run down but its a good place to go if you want to catch a game or sports event on tv.  TVs are everywhere. 
Food-wise, the wings (hot and honey) were really good.  Delicious.  
I ordered the grilled cheese for dinner and with 5 different cheeses, I should have known it would be greasy but it ended up being too greasy for me.  fries were just ok. 
If I were to go back, I will definitely stick to the wings.Don't waste your time with this place.  I stopped in on a Monday night after checking their website for specials.  $1.50 well drinks and 1/2 price appetizers, which were listed as "every day specials,"  seemed like a pretty good deal.  After ordering drinks and food, however, the check showed well drinks were actually $3 and appetizers were discounted only 25%.  Apparently it had all been changed, but not updated on the website.  The service was lacking.  This is hard to tolerate when there's two bartenders and about ten customers.  I can't imagine how they handle a crowd.  The food does nothing to redeem this place, either.  The wings (3rd degree) didn't have a lot of flavor.  They were overly salty for the most part.  Same goes for the spinach and crab dip.  In addition the dip, which was supposed to have some kind of garlic toast, was served with a random assortment of crackers and two cookies.  Yes, cookies.  Some sort of honey-graham, I think.  For spinach and crab dip.  Note:  They did comp two well drinks to compensate for the price difference and removed the spinach and cookie dip from the check.The wings were pretty darn delicious.  The rest of the food was ...meh.  I got a fishbowl that tasted just like every highschool party I ever went to, pucker and watermelon something.( That wasn't a compliment just so you know.) Its a great location, and its pretty nice inside, just probably wont make a vist next time in town.I may be dating myself - but I went here when I was in college at Penn in the mid nineties.  Cav's is still kicking (and they also have the "River Deck".
It's your basic bar.  Bar food.  Bar Music.  Frat-boy (and college-gals) crowd.  Meat-marketing and bozzing of the basest nature.  Decent wings as I recall. 
I preferred Smokey Joe's.Back when I was on a ramen budget, Thursday nights were all about Cavanaugh's wing special, and although the wings are no longer 25 cents a piece, at 35 cents, they are still a great deal.
You can get them with a variety of buffalo-style sauces, but I like the plain fried wings even better than coated with butter and hot sauce...(yes, that's really what goes into buffalo sauce.)  The plain wings are nice and crispy and delicious with just a light sprinkling of salt and pepper.
PARTING THOUGHT: I like the wings better than the drummettes, so it was a total bonus when I went with my drummette loving roommate because we'd divvy up our pile 'o poultry Halloween booty styleA fun sports Sunday. The drinks, food and crowd were excellent!