Very solid beer selection, TVs everywhere, good pub food, nice decor, and very friendly staff. Very hard to beat for a sports bar in the area. Just don't go there for the first NFL game of the year: you have zero percent chance of finding a seat unless you get there super early.Pub food
This place was dead on a tuesday night. There were about 3 people at the bar but it was recommended by the hotel I was staying at so we sat down. I ordered the cavanaugh burger medium and it came out well done. It wasn't really that good and for 12 dollars it was really underwhelming. This was also the recommended sandwich on the menu. Look elsewhere.Very dissapointted with this place. The bar tender ignored us. Finally got to us- we had 1 wine and a vodka drink. Got the bill. He charged us an extra 2 bucks for ice- for a drink that ice normally comes in. So it was 13 bucks for 1 mixed drink and horrible service. Will not go back!!!I go to Cav's once a month for their Brew & Chew event. Basically, you pay $25 to sample 4 different craft beers from a featured brewer and 4 appetizer pairings. There's plenty of info on Drink Philly if you're interested in checking it out.
The service is always great, and the event itself is a great deal and an opportunity to try a lot of great beers. They've featured brewers like Troeg's, Yards, Victory and many more. Also, the appetizers they serve are usually pretty delicious, and there's typically a dessert at the end- last night it was vanilla panna cotta with fresh blueberries and graham cracker crumble- YUM!
This time, we stayed a little later after the event ended to watch the rest of the Phillies game. Immediately following the B&C, their happy hour started. The beer specials were great and all of the apps were half price. We went with the pierogis and popcorn shrimp. The pierogis were tasty, but only order them if you've very hungry because they were on the heavy side. I preferred the popcorn shrimp because they were cooked right and they came with a delicious spicy aioli for dipping. It was a nice portion and for only $5, I would totally order this again.
All in all, this is a nice place to grab a beer and watch a game, but I wouldn't come here on the weekend. Their specials are some of the best I've seen in the Rittenhouse area. It's a pretty small space, and because of the location I'm guessing it gets a little more crowded than I'd like. But during the week, I'll definitely come back.Probably the best place I've found in Philadelphia to watch college football on Saturdays. Awesome draft deals ($3 BLs) and a fantastic environment, I love this place in the fall.
The Cavs burger is hearty and delicious, the french fries are thin, but still yummy and... Oh my goodness, the wings are so perfect. Sure, Bud Light and wings - hard to mess up. But I stand my ground in saying you can't get better traditional buffalo wings at a bar in Center City. So if you don't get a draft and an order of wings while watching a game, you're not doing it right. 
Sidenote: The food at Cav's Rittenhouse is better than the food at the other Cav's locations. However, the Bud Light tastes the same.Eh. I don't hate it here, but I don't think I like it either. Never had the food or experienced their happy hour. I've only been a couple of times, kinda late-night... it's just your average bar at that point. Nothing special or worth going out of your way for.Cavanaughs was one of the stops along the way on the margarita march, and it was the one we thought might be best to grab some food. We weren't disappointed. The margarita was missable, but we ordered a sampler platter and a cheese steak to refuel. This was way too much food for the two of us. The portion sizes were large, despite the reasonable prices. 
The sampler platter came with tater tots, pretzel bites, chicken tenders, wings, & mozzarella sticks. It was a great variety and everything tasted pretty good. It came with a variety of dipping sauces as well. The cheesesteak was pretty tasty as well. We got American cheese and fried onions on it. They weren't stingy on the steak, and it came with a large pile of really salty but yummy fries. 
The waitress/bartender was super friendly and attentive. I wouldn't hesitate to come back here. It seems like a great spot for some grub on a night out.Solid space for a game and quick after work drinks.  Tends to get crowded on weekends.
So-so beer selection, a bit small space, crowd can be hit-or-miss.Cavanaughs is not necessarily what you'd expect in Rittenhouse. It's hidden away a block over from the square and is a hotspot for an after work drink. It's unpretentious and has the best prices for the area. If you're looking for a drink and a quick bite without the stuffiness of rittenhouse, this is your spot. The bartenders and staff are what really make Cavanaughs a great place. They're genuine and notice when you come back. Try a $3 mystery beer - you won't be disappointed.If you like really loud obnoxious people in a bar that looks like it should house the opposite coupled with a place that, even in the middle of the summer doesn't turn on (or maybe doesn't have) any A/C then this is certainly the place for you.
The beer selection is decent but even a good beer selection isn't enough to save this place from getting a 1 from me. The lack of A/C on a hot August evening along with the slow service and sub-par food is what did it in for Cav's.
I might give this place a second try because if its proximity to where I work and because a few people I work with seem to enjoy it, but from my only experience there so far- it would take quite a bit to get me back there.I tried this place while traveling for work. It has 2 levels which is nice if there are several sports games on, so you can choose which game/event sounds you want to see. I had the buffalo chicken wrap is a pretty standard. 
To call this place a gastropub is a bit of a stretch. Yes they serve food, but standard pub fare. No 'gastro' items. And the drinks are standard fare as well... Unless you want to try the $3 mystery beer.Love the feel of this bar! You can catch a game, catch a great whiskey, and catch an even better beer! Perfect for any casual occasion!On a early Saturday afternoon, scoring a primo seat a the bar, to watch your alma mater kick some major A in football, whilst consuming lagers for a reasonable 3 bucks a pint, snacking on some tasty taters and cheesy sliders, surrounded by your old college cronies - this was a perfect spot.  Sure, the lower level of the bar where they were showing the game was basically just a narrow hallway with a few tables crammed in next to the bar area, making a trip to the restroom feel like you were going to be gone for days after getting up from your seat at the bar - but luckily there was never any line when you actually got there.  And yes, it took a good 15-20 min to get the bartenders attention for each time you realized it was time for the next round, only hoping that they would meet your eye before the taller person behind me got to them first - but they took your order with a smile, and were prompt each time in delivering.  Fun times were had by all, and I hope to return for future alma mater sporting events!This place is great during the week if you want to watch a game.  They always have specials and the bar-tenders are nice.  It gets bro-ey on the weekends after 10ish,  Good food and good beer.Great place for happy hour, amazing drink specials, wide variety of beers, best wings- their a must with cavs sauce, and has an awesome staff.Tasty wings, great bar service and they always put on the Michigan State game for me somewhere.  The tots are good and the french onion soup is surprisingly good.You can go to any bar in Rittenhouse and get a Miller Lite Bottle for around the same price. What you can't get at any bar in Rittenhouse is the sense of comradery that we offer up FOR FREE. It's the kinda place you don't have to feel weird about coming to alone, you always find a friend, or make a new one. Great food specials and beers to sweeten the deal even more.If there was the ability to give negative stars I would do it. In a heartbeat.
We were looking for a bar that was showing UFC 101. I was at Cavs the week before watching the Phils game on a friday night and I asked the downstairs bartender, who was very friendly and quite cute, if they would be showing it with sound. They were. Bonus. A somewhat small bar with numerous HD TVs with a so-so beer list and your run of the mill bar food Sounds ok to me. That is where the positives would end.
We got there around 9 and were able to secure some seats at the upstairs bar near the bigger tv and a smaller one on the side.  Sat down and ordered 2 Buds. Listen i enjoy craft beer as much as the anyone, but on this evening i was looking for something easy to drink and easier on my wallet ( I had planned to be there for a few hours)  The brown haired, female bartender proceed to ask me if I was ordering Bud because it was on special. I had no idea it was on special so of course I said no. She then informed me "the Budweiser special only goes until the end of the Phillies game and after that you will need to order something else"     Ok. I guess after the Phillies game Budweiser just up and dissapears. I was appalled that she was telling me that I HAD to order something else.  Time passes and we order more beer and a few shots of Tully.  We had menus in front of us and the bartender comes over and asks if we are"gonna order food or not" 
We did, Fried Mozzarella and a large order of Wings. The Pub menu is half priced from 8-12, which we were unaware of, so that was a bonus also. Food took a little long but it didnt really bother us. The Fried Mozz was supposedly "homemade", It was completely flavorless and cold. The marinara was tasty actually.  The wings were very, very good. Not your run of the mill hot wings. This is where the night took a serious turn for the worst. My friend asked for a glass of ice water. A reasonable request being we were eating spicy, salty wings. The bartender, I think Dani was her name, informed us that they are not allowed to give ice water but he could buy a bottle of it. Are you kidding me??? He wanted water so he gave in and ordered it, getting a glass of ice seemed like a chore. On two seperate occasions she removed the glass of water before it was finished absolutely infuriating my friend. This girl was completely clueless and informed us that a bartender "was fired last week for giving away water"
Jaegermeister was promoting stuff at the bar and the girl who working it came over, struck up a conversation (very friendly) and told us they were running a $5 Shot special. To me, a shot special should be no more than $4. I asked the bartender, the next time she came over, how much a shot of Jaeger was normally. She informed us that it was $7.50. I made a funny remark about jaeger "being $7.50" She looked at me (Dani) and said "you obviously aren't from around here". This completely pissed me and my friend off defending our "Phillyness" explaining to this obvious main line bred bartender that I live about 6 blocks away. She then proceeded to tell me that "you are in Rittenhouse i guess you just dont drink here" I then mentioned i do drink in rittenhouse at Black Sheep, Monks, Pistolas and Oscars. It was then she informed me that she had "never heard of those places"  I couldnt even explain to you how heated I was at this point.  
There was also signs of blatant racism by the bartender towards two african american gentlemen who were not together but were asked to "inform your friend over there that we dont offer the pub menu to-go"  He looked at the bartender and informered her that they didnt even know each other. She responded with and "oh"Finally, I can have a Blueberry Seadog and Guinness    YumWow is there a ton of philly sports pride up in this place.  I thought that would make it a bit difficult for me to enjoy the game being that I'm a Yankees fan, but I was welcomed anyway.
Simple setup.  You walk in to a split level bar.  The upstairs and downstairs are set up similarly with a large bar and tables along the side and then a few more after the bar.  TVs everywhere so you'll never miss any of the action.
I watched game 2 of the NLDS here and wow did it get crazy.  Granted, it was a ridiculous game to watch but I felt like the level of excitement here was equal or greater than when I've been to Citizen's Bank Park.  The place was painted with phillies jerseys.
Good beer selection for a sports bar.  Sure they are gonna offer specials on your american water-beers but I was able to drink a Sixpoint and a pumpkin ale.  I can't recall which one.
Anyhoo, good lively place to catch a game.  If you're a phillies fan, you'll like it even more.  Be prepared for a little bit of a fratty atmosphere.  Other than that, not a bad spot.Went here for a Thursday night happy hour.  Drafts were $1.00 and they had a half price pub menu, among other things.  I had the mac and cheese and it was delicious.  We were at the downstairs bar which was supposed to open at 5 but due to a meeting it didn't open until later.  Then when we were downstairs water from the upstairs bar overflowed into a light fixture and down onto the bar.  But its ok, because the service was good, drinks were smooth and the food was tasty.  
The one bartender (Paul?) is all about the board game connect four.  Do not put the first checker in until you want to play him and he usually wins.I went here for a playoff game between the Jets & Colts, so I can only imagine how much crazier this place would be if it were during any Philly game.  It's pretty big, having an upstairs and downstairs with 2 bars and lots of tables, but it fills up very, very quickly. And it fills up with obnoxious people, by the way...  people who seem to make it a point to stand directly in the way of everything and flail their arms about while talking, spilling their neighbors beers.  
Also.. there was only one waitress. And a ton of people. It took forever to get our food, which was eventually brought out from the kitchen by one of the busboys, and even though I had cleared my plate clean long before my 2 friends had, the waitress took their empty dishes/glasses and didn't take mine. What? Why? There's nothing left on the plate... no.. I'm not still working on that little crumb there. Yes, I would actually like a refill on my beer sooner than 20 minutes after I finish and... right..  my friend gave in and ate with his hands after many unsuccessful attempts at getting a fork.
Oh yeah, and I'm pretty sure my hearing was damaged just by being in there.  We were upstairs, and there were 5 TVs in the dining area (not including the ones at the bar) with volumes turned up as high as possible. 
It's an OK place to watch a game, I guess? I mean... rest assured that you'll never have to move your head in any direction to see a TV. There's always one in your line of sight...  but they're all on the same channel for the same game.. so...   not really sure that it's that great of a sports bar. 
I had the mac & cheese, which was pretty great. One friend had the mozzarella sticks (except they are not sticks... more like triangles and i forget what they're called) which were sort of bland...  and another friend got the wings with "cavanaugh style" sauce...   which sounded exciting but really just ended up being similar to a sweeter BBQ, i think.
Go for the cheap beer.I'm usually a big fan of Cavanaugh's for a few beers. They always have something on special, it's a great location, and the Brown Bags can be fun. 
But on Monday night 4/3 at the upstairs bar I had one of the worst bartenders. She checked her phone more than she checked the customers. While she was eager to greet & get new customers a drink immediately, her follow up was awful. We asked for bar menus when we sat down and couldn't get her attention from the other end of the bar where she was camped out for at least 10 minutes. She brought us food - including cheesesteaks and tots, and didn't come back until they were mostly gone. Since both of these pretty much require ketchup, I had already gotten up and walked to the other end of the bar to get it myself since she wasn't coming back to ask if we needed anything. 
Beyond that, the nachos were awful. They were cold within minutes, all the toppings were on top with untouched chips below and the chips with topping were soggy and gross.
I know better than to expect great service at a sports bar but I was surprised at the glaring inattentiveness. And I'll know to only eat here when I'm too starved to care for quality.Great bar, great pub menu! I'm not a huge fan of sports bar but this place is more of a Cheers feeling type of place. The bartender, Paul (downstairs) is a heavy pour and good company. Great place to meet for after work or in between. Great guac made to order!We went on Saturday for the fight. Pub food was half off, -apparently like all Saturdays..and contrary to another review, our waitress was great.  She let us know of all the specials and deals, and made sure we were taken care of.  I got ice water, and lots of it, no problem. My friend is a bit of a beer rookie and she let him try a few kinds before he made his choices. She also gave me a free beer after I spilled my entire glass on my friend like the klutzy ass I am. This probably won't be a regular place for me, because it's not really my type of place, but the food was good and I couldn't believe how nice and cute our waitress was!- if you try the wings get the Cavanaugh's sauce (a spot on reccommendation from our waitress)Loved the wings, make sure you have their special sauce on your wings. The mac n'cheese is the bomb too!  The chef is from the D.C. Area, was great to find a fellow Caps fan when they were playing against the Penguins. The female bartenders are super friendly too.  I ended up eating dinner at Cavanaugh's two of the three nights I was in Philly.  Can't wait to go back!I have been here a few times and it has a great local vibe with some of the best burgers around and a good selection of beer on tap.  I strayed away from the burger and had the Mac N Cheese as an appetizer this time (very good) and then tried the cheesesteak (NOT GOOD). The meat clearly came out of a crockpot and had no flavor.  The onions etc had been cooked down so much in the crockpot that you could barely tell there were any in there.  I will definitely go back however but I'm going to stick with their signature Cavanaugh's Burger.I had a pretty terrible experience here a few years ago and grudgingly agreed to return here recently for a friend's going away happy hour. While I still disagree with their unbelievably terrible policy of charging for ICE in a drink, Cav's Rittenhouse is a decent place for happy hour. The specials are pretty good - nice discount of drafts - and their draft list is decent and includes some nice local brews (what up PBC Walt Wit). The pretzel bites/pretzel dogs combo is excellent bar food and the wings were nice and saucy. While I most likely won't be a regular, it's no longer on my most hated list.I went here for St Patrick's day and it was super fun! They had TVs to watch the Nova game which my friends and I watched for March madness. It was a bar where you could party and dance with your friends, or you could just sit at a table and enjoy a drink and talk to people.We came here yesterday to watch a lil' football and fell in love. The bar was quaint and totally laid back. What we loved was we had SPACE. It was crowded, yes, but we had room to breathe and the service totally rocked. Mai, Sarah, and Daphne - we loved you! We'll definitely be back here. The drinks were priced well and the pours were perfect. There were TV"s everywhere and while we didn't dabble in the food - it looked and smelled delicious. Cannot wait to go back to Cavanaugh's!My son visiting from college wanted to go to local pub and watch the Eagles he found Cavanaughs online it was close by and online menu and drink specials looked good so we went. It surpassed my expectations the bar staff was awesome, the food was great, came out quick (even when busy football crowds),  even though the Eagles lost we had a great time and are looking forward to going back.Hooooo....aaah that is what we did after we had their super hot wings. It was the best i had ever had. It was crispy but ever so juicy and hot hot hot. The wings were not only covered with hot sauce but also with chilly paste. It was like sometimes it is crazy n u still wanna do it.
We went during their sat happy hr where pub menu is half off but still it was pretty expensive. I guess we got 10 shots which were 5 bucks each and that alone is $60. Neways i would definitely go back for the wings.Came here on a Thursday night to watch the football and grab dinner. They have a great selection of beers (finally found a place that serves Crabbies!) but we were all a bit disappointment in the food. I had the pulled pork special and found the meat to be quite bland. The wings that the table ordered were ok, but again, they found the Cavanaugh sauce to be quite bland.
The layout of the bar makes it hard to socialize as well. It's a split level bar so you need to decide if you want to sit upstairs or down. There are a lot of TVs around, but we had to crane our necks in the booth to see the tv properly. This place would be good to pop into for a quick beer, but I probably wouldn't come in here again.Let's take a test:
Charlie Sheen is to porn stars as Noah G. is to: _ _ _ _ _ ?
WINGS WINGS WINGS, The answer is wings. I know their not good for me, they may be destroying my family, and when I have them in public I'm certain to bring shame upon myself but I can't stop. 
With that being said, when boo text me Thursday and said lets do something different for dinner I immediately hopped on the Google machine to find a place that had a wing special with the Flyers game showing. And wouldn't you know it, Cav's Rittenhouse just happened to fit that criteria.
Then I flashed back to a hazy NFL afternoon spent there where the bartender told me the wings are fried, sauced, baked, and sauced again. Was my mind playing tricks on me? At 35 cents a piece I think I could afford to find out.
We arrived around 8 and there was a good crowd but certainly not packed and we sat at a hightop. I ordered 30 and boo ordered 8 and a bowl of French Onion soup. My wings came out first and they were all I had dreamed of and more. Crispy from the baking but still saucy with a little kick (I got the hot, there was an option hotter though). Plenty of carrots and celery with blue cheese (not to be taken for granted). 
I had just about finished my wings when the waitress realized Em didn't get her food, she apologized profusely and comped us a couple beers which was cool. I took the opportunity to order another 20 wings. 
By the time my second order came the soup and 8 wings were there. From the small sample I was allowed to have the soup was fantastic (it's pretty tough to mess up FOS though). We ran into my buddy and he helped me polish off the rest of my wings. Flyers won 7-2, it was all in all a great night.
Today is Wednesday, the dragon is starting to rear it's ugly head and my primal need for wings is increasing. Thank God for Cav's.I was very disappointed with this venue for Erin express. I flew in from Boston to come out for EE to be with my friends and the dj was completely disrespectful towards me. He referred to me as the "c word" and when I asked to speak to his manager, he lead me to some bouncer who told me to back off from the dj. My question had been "what are playing after this?". Pretty simple right? Well, I was received extremely disrespectfully and I certainly won't recommend this place to anyone. Even on a night where it was packed. Worst time everrrrrr.Cav's can almost be missed from the outside if you're not paying attention but is drfinitely worth checking out. The last two times I've stopped in I had Paul(big bartender) take care of me. I'm not a big sports guy but between Paul's conversation and the hardcore Philly sports aura, this is definitely a game day location. I've only had the wings so I can't get into the food that much but they were good. The Philly proud sports aura is enough to bring me back by itself. Thanks Paul*Solid sports bar.  There are lots of TVs and two floors of space.  They have great Happy Hour specials with half price pub menu and pretty much all drinks with some sort of discount.  Bar staff was friendly and good with recommendations.  It's not to far from the train.   Great option for watching a game and getting together after work for  a drinkLove This Place!  The service is always spot on especially when Dave and Justine are working.  Awesome pub grub.  Miss the Yards Sloppy Joe though.  Lots of TV's the staff is always willing to get the game you want to see on a tv close to you.  We live in Rittenhouse and just cant say enough good about this neighborhood gem.Great food! Had the short rib mac and cheese and my fiance had the BBQ Brisket sandwich. The service was superb, the atmosphere relaxing...perfect for watching the NBA Semi-finals!This joint knows how to have a good time. 
Rittenhouse (oddly enough one of my favorite whiskeys) is a top of the line bar for getting libations to make you feel just right. 
We came here with a large group and the staff were super cool. We kept ordering up shots and drinks all night long. Discovered they had one of my new favorite beers, Golden Monkey and I was in love. 
Great low key spot for a great night out on the town.Buck hunter. Get some buddies, some beers and some fake shotguns and have a blast.We've spent the last 9 months coming to Cavanaugh's every Tuesday to play Quizzo with the famous Irish John hosting; a team of four to six players, getting burgers and drinks every visit and making sure to tip generously. We've always been well behaved and have gotten to know some of the waitstaff and bar staff. One of our players has a restricted diet for medical reasons and usually just gets a bottled water. How do they thank us for our loyalty and repeat business? By banning this player from the quiz last week out of nowhere, because "a bar is a business"; and having the quizmaster notify us of this, no less.  I guess it didn't occur to them that alienating a table of 4-6 patrons who order food and multiple rounds of drinks ever week--because one guy gets bottled water--isn't exactly the best business sense. To our confusion they have no drink minimum or order minimum policy for Quizzo, nor did they think to simply approach him and ask that he order more than bottled water (at any point before telling him he's just not welcome), or seem to care that it was for medical reasons. My wife went back to ask them about it this week, and they were adamant about the decision.
We've enjoyed playing Quizzo here a lot. It's been our weekly ritual for a long time now, to come meet our friends for burgers, craft brews and trivia, which makes this situation suck so much more. But we're not coming back after this.Stopped in here one night with friends before we went to dinner. Pretty much your average sports bar. It was very crowded and there wasn't a seat in the whole place. Just had a couple beers. Didn't have any food, but looking at the menu it looked like your average sports bar food menu. Will definitely come back to enjoy watching some games.Always a fun crowd come for Quizzo on Monday with the terrific Patrick Hamilton as the Quizzo quizzer and stay for the awesome bar staff! Great food too and happy hour specials!I always have a good time at Cavanaugh's. 
I'm usually here with friends during the week to watch the Phils, or maybe just for the .35 wing special on Thursdays. I'm rarely here on the weekend, which may be why I'm always able to get a table or sit at the bar. 
The drink specials are OK, but nothing really out of the ordinary. Good beer selection. 
Cav's does serve up some of my favorite wings. The Cavanaugh's Sauce isn't spicy, but is really tasty (they have a Cav's Burger with the sauce on it too). Normally we get one order of wings with Cav's Sauce & another order with a hot sauce. I don't have too much experience with the rest of their menu because we're usually here on Thursdays & the wing special is hard to pass up. But the other items I have tried have been good so far. 
Lots of TVs, so don't worry about not being able to see the game. 
The weekends may be a different scene (they always are) but for a casual place around Rittenhouse to watch a game or just hang out during the week, Cav's is one of my picks.I had a horrible experience at this bar. A few friends and I decided to stop in on a Wednesday night, and when we arrived the crowd was pretty light. As we were standing near the bar, we noticed people playing Connect Four, and inquired with the bartender about how we could play. He explained that we could challenge him to a game for the chance to win a free drink, which I thought was a great concept. He then explained that we would need to wait for the current games to finish before we could compete. Fair enough. 
As we were waiting, I was chatting with my friend next to me, and pointed out some people across the bar who didn't seem to be playing anymore. Literally seconds later, the bartender RUSHES OVER to me and LEANS OVER THE BAR and begins to YELL AT ME about how he's AWARE the girls are finishing up, and will SPEAK TO THEM. That would have been bad enough, but after I don't say anything and stare back at him blankly, he continues his rant, explaining that they are FRIENDS OF HIS and that I don't need to WORRY ABOUT IT, and goes, AS I SAID TO YOUR FRIEND BEFORE, THERE'S A WAIT. He's yelling at this point, and I felt extremely uncomfortable. He was not only condescending, but aggressive and downright inappropriate. I was completely shocked and confused. In response, I calmly said "I was simply commenting to my friend about it," and he then CONTINUED to try to reprimand me and tell me that he KNOWS AND will HANDLE IT.  
Okay.....what?
I was really shocked and upset by how aggressive and rude the bartender was, considering how unprovoked everything was. I have never experienced such horrendous customer service, furthermore a stranger just being downright cruel to me like that for no reason. Needless to say, my friends and I immediately left. 
Moral of the story: beware of the insane Connect Four bartender, he is a total jerk.Hands down best bar in center city! The people the atmosphere the service. Can't believe I found a great dive bar in center city!
My bartender Kat was so friendly and attentive. The service was fantastic, and their bar food.....wow just some of the best bar food I've ever had. Compliments to the chef! Will definitely be coming back soon!Have to give a 3.  The place is great to come and drink at and food is good.  The takeout is never right.  Not sure what it is 3x and they get the order wrong.  Things will be missing or just not done right.Needed a place to watch the MNF games while I was in town for work.  I was staying at the Palomar down the street and didn't want to trek too far away, since I had a full slate on Tuesday.  Picked Cav's based on reviews on Yelp and elsewhere.  It was a great, low-key place to enjoy the games.  The bartenders are super sweet and friendly (even if they have a Jersey aversion!).   I ordered the pierogies and wings with the Cav's special sauce (it was like a mix of buffalo and smokey bbq).   Good stuff.   I'm not picky, just needed some decent food, a seat, and some tvs.  It served its purpose and I had a good time.Love any bar that has daisy cutter on tap. Good beer selection with exciting upcoming selections on the menu that make you want to come again. There's so many TVs it's perfect for any game (I watched the Warriors Cavs game here) and you can't go wrong with the big pretzel. It's SO GOOD and the dipping sauces are even better. We split the whole thing and we said we weren't that hungry before it came!I hear this is a better bar to watch the sports games at, but I went here on a Saturday night and my review is based solely on that. It is not a good bar after the games end. Both floors are a little narrow and when we got in at 11 there were already a few sloppy drunks stumbling around. This would be a "bro" bar if you could use any term to describe it. It wasn't very packed but still seemed that way because of the size and the way people were pushing each other around. There wasn't really a dance floor but it seemed like Cavanaughs was trying to create a club atmosphere without the space to dance. Had better expectations since the Cavanaugh's Riverdeck is a lot of fun in the summer, but this place was kind of trashy and could be better.2 stars for their food via delivery. Bumped up to 3 stars for the decent time we had when we stopped by for drinks with friends. 
------------------
The GF and I tried Cavanaugh's mac n cheese at the Rittenhouse Row Festival last year. Unfortunately, we weren't impressed - it tasted more like roux than anything else. Perhaps it was the fact that they were serving hundreds of people that day, but the execution wasn't there. So in an effort to be fair, we decided to give Cavanaugh's another shot via Seamless.
South Philly Cheese Steak [$8.99] 
Before we get to the mac n cheese again, I decided to get their iteration on a cheese steak. The steak here is more like minced beef, which had decent flavor. The bits of red pepper were nice. But where was the cheese? It was virtually or literally non-existent. The roll was also a bit too much for each bite to showcase the steak. The "cheese steak" also came with fries on the side which were unfortunately not very crisp, perhaps due delivery. 
Spicy Chicken Ranch Wrap [$8.99]
The GF went with the spicy chicken ranch wrap. There were hot peppers and jalapeno (with seeds still intact) to add spiciness to the moist chicken. There were also fresh veggies within to cool off the heat. However, there was no ranch to be had here, which would have been another nice element to balance the heat.
Buffalo Wings [$3]
Any bar that serves food can be measured by their wings. While an order of 5 was only $3 for takeout, these wings were dry and hey - no blue cheese? Perhaps delivery really wasn't the way to go.
Onion Rings [$3.99] 
Now the onion rings were a different story. Though slightly greasy, these had great crunch that was maintained through delivery and the batter was well-seasoned. They also seemed homemade, which was definitely appreciated. 
Mac n Cheese [$5.99]
And we're back to the mac n cheese. While this was a bit better than at the Rittenhouse Row Festival, it still needed more flavor - seasoning and a different mix of cheese perhaps? It did come with a cheesy top though ...
The GF and I have been to Cavanaugh's for some drinks with friends and had a decent time. But as for the food? Get the onion rings.This place is a hidden jewel in center city. The food is perfect, straight forward pub food at a reasonable price. There is no pretension at this bar. Beers and burgers in the heart of center city.This is a great sports bar. Best wings in town but there other bar food is also good. Service is fast and the bartenders were amazing. (I'm a girl and they were girls and they seem to protect me from some of the weirder men at the bar)A great two level bar in center city with unbeatable drink/food specials. Every day of the week they have good deals going on. This is a regular place to grab a burger or a sandwich if I'm feeling cheap and don't want to cook early in the week. Even ordering stuff not on special, I've never been disappointed. The wait staff is friendly and helpful as well. I highly recommend this place and always suggest it when out in this area. Kitchen is open to 1am every night.Came here multiple times during happy hour: I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT! This place is great because it's so easy to find seating (which is self-serving), and service is very quick. It's not too noisy, so you can easily hold conversations, and the overall atmosphere is very chill and casual. My go-to items on the half-off pub menu (which I recommend) are: the Baked Mac & Cheese, which is a decent size for the price, but I would suggest ordering another small item along with it to truly feel full; the nachos, which come in a HUGE portion and can definitely be shared between 2-3 people; the buffalo chicken dip, which tastes great and flavorful, and is one of the best items on the pub menu; and the chicken quesadillas (you are given 4 with sour cream) are much bigger than expected. During happy hour, I can get about 2-3 drinks and 1-2 food items, and the bill never goes over $20. During the special, most marked items range from $4-$6 each. So if you're looking for somewhere that serves delicious, cheap food and drinks, come here, especially during happy hour. It's great for solo diners, small parties (2-4 people), and large groups (4+).Thurs. night Eagles game while in Philly, it's good to be in your home town area for a game.  Since the hotel was right down the street, this was a great spot to grab some prime Eagles viewing and typical football food of wings and beer.  If there is a town that knows junk food, Phila-del-phi-a is tops on the list.  
There's an upstairs and a downstairs as you enter the place.  The wife and I luckily grabbed a spot upstairs at a table.  The menu is pretty extensive on the pub fare/fried food type of offerings, so you won't go hungry by any means.  Get something covered in their Cavanaugh's Sauce.  You truly understand why it won best bar sauce. 
The special of 35 cent wings was awesome.  The Cavanaugh's sauce was killer!  Spicy, salty, sweet and yummy all glazed onto a wing.  And at 35 cents a piece on Thursdays, get as many as you can eat then get a few more.  A side of hot sauce goes a long way as well if you want to up the Buffalo ante on your wings.  The cheese steak spring rolls were also pretty good.  The heart attack factor rose by 95% from this meal.  Washing it all down with some local beer was pretty much as satisfying as the Eagles beating the Texans that night.  
There was a bit of confusion about the game night menu specials and the Thurs. night specials, but the waitress was totally cool about it and still hooked it up.   Pay it forward and the tip goes up!   
Well, looking forward to more return trips when back in Philly and going out to watch sports or just in the mood for wings.Awesome place to watch games, hang out or have a happy hour.  The food is fantastic (try the Chicken Panco -- the best thing on the menu) and they have a number of good draft beers and a nice selection of bottled beers.  The owners of this place are the same owners of Riverdeck and the staff is the same as well - all are cool and friendly.Ok I am a little biased because I have some friends that work here but I go here once or twice a week for beers or food! They have a great pub menu and their food is always on point. I love watching football here on Sunday's, always a good crowd. Also a big fan of quizzo on Tuesday's.Very odd mix of people. Bring your own friends and you will have a good time. I suggest the open bar option because you will be needing lots of their weak mixed drinks in order to get drunk.This place is a solid sports bar; great place for happy hours, games, and apps.  Try the macaroni n' cheese..awesome. Three different types of cheese and crunchy bread crumb top. Wings are a must. Downside: not very good for big groups; pretty narrow space so you end up having to break apart or cluster around the bar.  Good drink specials every night of the week!This may be the worst venue in all of Philadelphia.  I was planning a benefit for a charity this Halloween and was working with their GM.  Little did I know he left the company weeks before my event of which we sold over 50 tickets for already.  I get a call 10 days before the event from their new GM Maureen who lets me know that they don't have this on their calendar anywhere and they can't honor the agreement.  I let her know this is the only day we can do, it benefits inner city kids in Philadelphia, and b.c of profits alone is not reason enough to cancel an event that was promised. 
Now we have no venue and an establishment that doesn't give a crap.  I am thoroughly disgusted and would advise anyone who doesn't like dealing with crooks and a classless organization to stay away very very away!The bar tender was sweet... Food wasn't too good.  First, I ordered the short rib grilled cheese because it sounded pretty amazing... Unfortunately, the chef came out to tell me that it takes hours to prepare and wasn't ready (this was at 130p)...so I decided to keep it safe and order the Buffalo Chicken dip.  It looked good... but they probably should call it buffalo cream cheese dip with a tad bit of chicken because that's what it was, and I'm not exaggerating... It was a watery mess and I was lucky to have a strand of chicken every so often after hunting for it.  At close to $11, there should at least be a whole breast in there and it was probably more like the corner of a breast.  Then there's the Mozzarella sticks.  Again, they looked good... You know, the square kind with the beer batter... Soggy! ... and the cheese didn't stretch like a well cooked order of moz sticks should.  My better half ordered the panko fried chicken sandwich... She didn't care for it, but to be fair, she's beyond picky... So I tried it... The bacon was thick cut and cooked well... However, the chicken was flat on flavor.... but the bread was nice... I ended up eating the chicken with the Buffalo cream cheese dip to balance it out.  She also  ordered a mimosa... The champagne was completely flat.  Anyway, if you are looking for decent American fare, I recommend skipping this place and going to the Wrap Shack a few steps away... just as "divey" but with very good food.  The service was very good though (although there were only 3 other people in there besides the two of us).What can I say...It's a typical pub.  The food is good, nothing to rave about. Enough tv's for sports games.  What keeps me going back are their drink specials. You can pretty much find some sort of drink special every day of the week. If you want to go with the primary intention of going to a "sports bar" I would recommend going elsewhere. There are many other options available.  However, a combination of typical pub grub, drink specials, and sports games makes it a regular.Great sports bar for center city.  More intimate than Fox and Hound, and proximity just off Rittenhouse Square.  New management has changed overall feel - definitely a place to bring your hometown and out-of-state friends.  Kudos to Patrick and Lauren for their great customer service.  I predict this place will be the hotspot of Philly in the next few months.Cav's Rittenhouse is certainly a step up from its counterpart in University City.  I mean, no bar that offers 'brown bag specials' is every going to be high class, but I will say the general atmosphere and service keep it on my "occasionally" list.
First, more detail on the "brown bag special".  For a few bucks, you get an unknown beer (in a brown bag no less).  It could be Mad Dog (boo) it could be high end Victory (yeah).  Hey, it's cheap beer in a bottle - no one should be complaining.
The bar is multiple levels, with a few TVs to watch the game or the fight.  They usually don't charge a cover, but everyone once in a while they have a pay-for-view that has them charging like $3 at the door.  
Otherwise, there isn't much else noteworthy.  Don't come expecting a high brow experience and you'll probably have a good time.  You might even catch me pressing my brown bag luck...This review is just for Happy Hour. I think it has one of the best and most solid happy hours in the city. I really like their $2 off ALL beer, even their craft and bottled beers. They have a pretty good beer selection. Victory Golden Monkey, Titan IPA, Magic Hat are some of the ones I've seen there. Amazing that they had Troegs Mad Elf this past winter, which comes in at 11% ABV!
1/2 on their pub menu is a great deal too. The Lettuce Wraps, Nachos, Wings (get it with the Cavanaugh's sauce), and Empanadas are all good. Nothing is skimped on either of those. 
My coworkers and I have no trouble finding tables for a big group around 530p on a work day. The waitresses here are nice, attentive, and accommodating. And I believe we even got a free shot from one of them or the bartenders the last time I was here. 
Will definitely come back again for another happy hour adventure.Cav's Rittenhouse has a solid happy hour.  Pub menu is 50% off which means that you could eat dinner (albeit a not so healthy one) for around $5 and their beers are $2/$2.50.  This is from 5-7...pretty sure every night of the week.
One thing that you must check out at Cav's Ritt is the Brew & Chew.  This event is monthly usually on a Wednesday and features a brewery of the day.  Every half hour the beer that the brewery is offering changes, and a new dish (small plate) is brought to accompany the beer.  And the beer is unlimited....for that whole Brew & Chew, you can drink as much as you possibly can.  Sometimes this is physically impossible given that these are craft beers.  Best part of the deal - it's $20!
If you're lucky, you'll get selected for the Rock, Paper, Scissors contest held upstairs after the event.  This must be just a normal Wednesday occurance.  However, it is the most intense RPS competition I've ever witnessed.  A NCAA style bracket is posted on the wall and everybody gathers around like that "Yo Mama" joke show on MTV.  When it gets to the final pair, the bar turns into a raging battle inclusive of stare downs, disco lights, hootin...and a hollerin.
Who has two thumbs and is a Cav's Ritt RPS Champion?  THIS GAL.30 minute wait for a beer during MNF
60 minute wait for nachos which came out of the kitchen cold and stale. 
Disgraceful.Excellent wings. Cold beer. Good sandwich.Myself and group of 5 others stopped in here on a Saturday afternoon to watch some college ball and have a few drinks.  The food was pretty decent pub fare and the drinks were good too, if not a bit on the pricier side, but it is in the heart of Philly, so take it for what that is worth.  The cheesesteak spring rolls were a nice variant on the standard cheesesteak.  The big pretzel was exactly that, BIG, but it was very airy and not as heavy as you would expect, also a nice surprise.  Overall, you could definitely do worse then spending a few hours here to watch some games and enjoy some good pub grub.A good Philly pub that's good to watch sports and have bar food.  They have a very good beer selection and great buffalo wings.  
They must have 40 TV's so you'll be able to see the game anywhere.  The bar staff was super friendly and introduced me to several great micro brews.  
They also have great late night deals but the place gets packed late.  
If your looking to watch the game in Philly, give this place a shot.  Their too nice not to like it.  
Thankstypical bar, watched a few games here and i've DEF done Wednesday night karaoke one too many times. i like it here, no negatives really. its big, there's a dart board in the back and fun to get drinks on a Saturday afternoon.The "Cav's wings" are fucking lovely... like a BBQ / hot sauce marriage. Paul is the man. Go sample some whiskey and tip the shit out of him.Came here new years day evening. Our last night in town and since my husband and I had visited on a previous trip we knew it was a good place to watch football and have some drinks. The was a nice crowd for a Sunday at 7pm. We sat at the bar and Mary was fantastic!! She was attentive and entertaining all night! We started with the $3 mystery beer in a bag. Score! We enjoyed the wings, which we were familiar with, and the pretzel that came with house made sauces. So good! Another bartender, Jen, was awesome a well. This spot is definitely on our list of Philly favorites.Went here to watch some golf on a Sunday. I sat downstairs at the bar. Great friendly crowd. 
The beer was cold and reasonably priced, the bar was clean, and the chicken quesadillas were very good. 
Great local hidden gem. Will return.Cavanaughs Rittenhouse has a great happy hour Monday through Friday 5-7 & even late night happy hour on Wednesdays & Sundays 10-12. There's also a daily special for each day of the week. 
It's the best place in the area to catch your favorite sports games like football, hockey, baseball & basketball. 
There's a wide variety of food options to chose from such as small bites to sandwiches. The wings are amazing & you must try them with their signature sauce, Cavs sauce. 
The liquor & beer selection is good & there are always different rotating beers on draft. They also have a seasonal liquor infusion every month that's always good to try.
The staff is very helpful & entertaining at all times.The first time I came here I thought "Hmm, this is the kind of place I could see getting roofied in". We waited ten minutes for a beer while getting tossed around in the tight crowd. Needless to say we left soon after. 
The setup is not conducive to the sports bar/meat market that it is. As it is Philly it's a long, galley style setup, bars lining and taking up the floor space on both floors. To attempt to get to a booth in the back (if they're even available) you have to bump against every random hanging out on the stools both at the bar and the ledge lining the wall about six feet from the bar. I am a girl of average stature, I can't imagine having to find space as a grown man.
There are two reasons to go to this place, especially on a weekend:
1. They have a "brown bag special" where you get a beer in a brown bag for $2. You don't know what it is, and you don't get to complain if you don't like it. Guess what? The beer inside is actually GOOD! It's consistently a Yards or Victory beer, what a surprise.
2. The crowd is a hysterical drunken mess. If you actually get a place to sit take it, stick around a little and enjoy the crowd. Messy girls in ill fitting heels and too short hemlines mismatched with guys in cargo shorts, T-shirts and sneakers. Everyone has drank clearly past their limit and watching sloppy attempts at hookup are never a bad time.
If you're looking to hook up, watch a sports game in a VERY tight space or score a cheap beer on the way home from work, hit it up. If your taste is a little more highbrow steer clear.Nice local bar for some laid back fun! Loved the quizzo on Tuesdays at 8. The food was pretty average, except for the chicken lettuce wraps...those were AWESOME! Definitely recommend. Otherwise most of the appz will be the usual deep fried stuff. Also, the funnel cake fries were pretty good! Lots of TVs for multiple game watching as well.I love this place!  I work in the industry in the neighborhood and this is one of my favorite places to go to unwind. All of the staff is great and friendly....most of the bartenders are cute too!