Good beer, decent food, nice interior. I had the burger, it wasn't mind-blowing but I enjoyed it. Kev had the catfish poboy, he thought it could use a bit more of a kick, the flavor was a tad lacking.  Service was quick, efficient, and friendly. I'd go back and try the chicken and waffles.Cedar Point is pretty legit. My girlfriend and I have been twice and thought our food was great. We've had the vegetarian chili, the pulled pork sandwich, and the white bean kale burger. It was super tasty and filling. The beer selection is alright, but overall the service is great and the atmosphere is cool.My friends and I stopped in here while we were waiting for a ridiculously long wait for Loco Pez on dollar taco night. The bartenders were super friendly and did a great job of keeping up with everyone sitting at the bar. They had a great draft list, having a ton of variety on types of beers for a good price. They have a late night happy hour as well, starting at 10!I enjoyed dinner here so much I've been twice in one week. 
Pros: Extensive veggie and vegan options... that actually taste good. The veggie wings are the best I have ever had (they also come with brussel sprouts, making it more like a meal). My spouse enjoyed the meat cheese steak and chicken wings. You can sit inside or out, both of which are comfortable and spacious. Happy hour options are spot on with app and drink specials. Service has been friendly and quick.
Cons: None really. I was bummed when I showed up during the transition hour when the kitchen was closed (not posted on google). Also, the second time I got the veggie wings they were not warm and the brussel sprouts were not full pieces (instead the crunchy single pieces). Still good though. They probably would have remedied this if I requested.I want to love this place but I'm stuck in the middle. I've gone to Cedar Point 3 times (once for just drinks) and ordered different items each time. I love the atmosphere and The fact that there's a few vegan options on the menu. The first time I went, I ordered the Green Hash and subbed plantain cakes for eggs and got veggie sausage. I didn't know what to expect with the plantain cakes, but they were basically like dry banana pancakes. I wish I would have known that's what they were because I would have just asked for a side of potatoes.  The hash and plantain cakes just didn't seem like a good combo to me. We also tried the veggie wings with buffalo sauce. If you're vegan, specify without the butter in the sauce. They were just okay. I wasnt impressed after some hype about them on other reviews I've read. Service was friendly though and prompt despite being busy for a Sunday afternoon brunch time. 
The second time we went with a group of 4 and sat at the bar. I ordered the kale burger and stressed the "vegan way". A few items can be made vegan or vegetarian if specified. I also ordered a side of potatoes. Food took a while, but that was fine because we were all about the drinks.  Once my food came, the server noticed a tattoo of mine which says vegan on my arm and said "Oh, let me take this sauce away that comes with the potatoes, it's not vegan." I didn't care much about that. But then when we realized the kale burger was mine,  he told me that they put my burger on the wrong type of bun and that I had to wait for a new one becaise there's butter all over the roll. I was honestly too hungover to really care that much, but I did get annoyed once the server then said to me that I must habe not specified "vegan" when ordering with the bartender, which I did. Waited a few minutes for the bun while the rest of my group ate. The bartender was apologetic once he noticed the mix up. Kale burger was a little bland but it did come with this awsome vegan aioli. I feel like maybe it would be better if all vegan items were just seperate and their own item rather than a vegan/non vegan option. It would just be easier for people ordering and for The waiters.   The rest of my group enjoyed their food. Bartender was pretty stressed out, which he made it known,  but his drinks were great. 
I feel like I might just stick to drinks next time.Usually love this corner bar.. there's is usually great service. Tonight I was disappointed because my wings app came out after my entree. I'm not one to complain but they charged us full price for the wings and didn't even comp us one drink for our patience and understanding... not the best customer service after they messed up... I'll remember that when choosing to eat local...I've been here on multiple occasions and have always left somewhat disappointed. The place has an odd smell in the back, and the food is mediocre. The only thing going for this place is that it's cute. Waffles? Soggy. Fries? Soggy. Burger? Underwhelming. They mix bbq sauce with syrup and call it a special syrup on their waffles.... But it's just gross.Great place if you are looking for happy hour specials! I came here on a Thursday night and they had some really good deals. As a table, we ordered fried pickles, ranch pretzel knots, and buffalo wings. Everything was so good. The fried pickles came with a honey mustard and aioli sauce for dipping. The ranch garlic knots were life-changing, seriously, I could have eaten all four. They were seasoned perfectly and the ranch sauce was a nice touch. The buffalo wings were also very delicious. I feel like you can never go wrong with wings, but they came with baby brussel sprouts on time and I thought that was a great topping choice. Needless to say, everything was devoured in minutes. 
My drink choice that night was something they had on special. I ordered the watermelon mojito and it was really tasty. The only thing I would add is that I wish it had a little more of the watermelon flavor to it. Otherwise, I thought it was the perfect summer drink. Between the six of us, our bill was about $15 each. I didn't think that was bad for all the food and drinks we ordered.I love this place. It's in a cute little area in fishtown and the atmosphere of the bar/restaurant is great. The food is amazing as well. it has vegetarian/vegan options. My favorite thing to get is the ceasar salad with buffalo tossed cauliflower fritters. I hate cauliflower yet this salad is one of my favorites, and it is very filling. My boyfriend got the fried chicken and waffles and said it was really good. He loved the BBQ syrup they put on the corn muffin waffle. Would definitely recommend if you're in the area or are looking for a tasty meal!Horrible experience. I usually avoid leaving bad reviews even for some bad restaurants or bars, but wow, this was awful. Couldn't tell you anything about the food because after being told 15 minutes for a wait, and then 15 minutes, and the. 15 minutes... I absolutely understand how hard it is to estimate a wait. However, there were so many open tables that after an HOUR of waiting I decided to move the 2 tables it would take to seat us together. Bad mistake as I was yelled at for finally taking it upon myself to get seated. In short this was the absolute worst experience I have had.Probably one of the worst experiences I've had here. We were warned there was a 10 minute wait to place an order, so we expected maybe the kitchen was backed up. No sweat. But 30 minutes after being seated, we still hadn't ordered, so we asked. Our server, Kelly, took our order. Thought, hey, maybe they're caught up, we'll be good to go. But 45 minutes after ordering, cups empty with melted ice, we asked when the food may come out. The server (not Kelly) that approached us, rudely asked if we just wanted to cash out (they could've give an ETA in good, apparently). 
Really, Cedar Point? I get it, I work in food service as well. I understand. But the absolute bare minimum could have been polite customer service. Guess that was too much to ask. Seems like we're eating cereal tonight:(Had a great early dinner here this past Saturday. Originally, it was 4 of us and turned into 6 of us.  We ordered the wings with brussel sprouts for an app and then we had the Cubano and the Po Boy.  Both were great.  The service was excellent.  They consistently refilled our water (and we drank A LOT of water since we were running the half marathon the next day).  Great job! Would definitely recommend this place to others in Fishtown.Brunch here is extremely great. Their Bloody Mary is on point. To avoid the crowd though I usually come by for late night happy hour. Can't pass up their Brussel sprouts and veggie wings. Also their Mac and cheese is pretty great. Always a great draft list and the  servers are super friendly. Never disappointed.I've been here a handful of times and I've never been disappointed. The food is great, I especially love the veggie wings (which is something I never thought I'd say, being a traditional buffalo wings lover). The catfish po boy, fried pickles and brisket pinwheel are some other items on the menu that I really enjoyed. The beer selection is incredible as well. They always have some good micro brews on tap. The wait staff is very knowledgeable and helpful when it comes to describing what's on tap and helping pick out a beer. Overall, a great place to eat and/or grab a drink. I'll keep going back.As a city dweller, I have a handful of go-to restaurants that I can rely on for a Friday night when I want nothing more than to decompress from work with delicious food in my belly and a quick trip back home. Cedar Point is on that list. 
The first few times I went, it was a little so-so. But they are a new restaurant and still working out some kinks, and it was REALLY close to home, so I persisted. Then came the day I ordered the seitan veggie wings. I do not exaggerate when I say they blew my mind for a number of reasons. For one, I do not, I repeat DO NOT eat spicy food. Especially buffalo sauce. But some weird restaurant voodoo took hold of me one day and on a whim I ordered them. They burned the everloving hell out of my mouth, but by god were they delicious. They also come with perfectly cooked brussel sprouts that offer a quick and small reprieve from the spicy hot inferno bought on by the wings. 
Since the first time I had them, I've learned that you can ask for light sauce, or even get the sauce on the side, and it has only made the experience better. Since they make each batch of sauce in-house, sometimes it's spicier than others, and once a waiter was even kind enough to give me some milk when I couldn't take it anymore. 
Now that they have had some time to get their legs under them, the food, especially veggie entrees, are bangin. I am a huge fan of the "meatball" sub they've had on the specials list a few times, and the BBQ mushroom grilled cheese is very tasty. They always have good craft beers on tap, and I hardly ever have to wait too long for a table. 
This place is definitely worth a trip, especially if you're on the fence. The wait staff is friendly and willing to make your meal a good experience, and if you're a vegetarian you'll be in heaven with all the options!LOVE THIS PLACE!! It has become our neighborhood bar, whether for drinks or meeting friends for dinner, the space is great and they are always willing to accommodate us. The staff are amazingly friendly, and always at the ready with a smile or drink/food recommendation. Very knowledgeable! Our favorites are the corn dogs, burger, chicken & waffles and the eclectic desserts. Beer selection is always impressive, and the cocktail list offers some wonderful concoctions.Came here for dinner and drafts one night...food was great...drafts were fresh.  I had the chicken cutlet sandwich which was a nice size sandwich.  The melted fontina cheese, spicy pepper garlic aioli, sautéed mushrooms and caramelized onions, the ciabatta bread...pair it up with some hand cut fries and fried Brussel sprouts...i fell in love.  Fastforward...I find myself ordering take out twice for lunch.  My most recent sit down visit to this establishment was even better.  This time I tried the double blackened burger...yeah some fat ish.  Only two choices, pink or no pink...i like my burgers medium rare but the flavor compensated.  We also had some wings which were nicely fried and tossed in a buffalo sauce.  The bartender and food runners were accommodating and the atmosphere was warm and inviting.  I'll frequent this gem fo sho.Why did it take me so long to come here?!  Cedar Point is awesome for any number of reasons but these take the cake: Veggie wings, huge deck, great (and unusual) beer selection.  Veggie wings are the best I've had - served with an apricot dipping sauce and brussel sprouts.  So good.  The best.  
We ended up here on a Thursday night around 930 and were seated immediately, had great service, and tried some really unique beers.  I stole a bite of the chicken and cornbread waffles served with some spicy bbq sauce and it was phenomenal.  It was so good that I'd consider ditching my beloved veggie wings next time 
But wait, it gets better.  For people like me who don't make it out to dinner until late they offer a killer happy hour from 10-12 M-F.  Can't wait to go back here.The owner respectfully responded to my concerns immediately upon reading about my negative experience.  I was hoping I'd reach him or someone who could fix it!  He was very apologetic and understanding, and I am happy to give it another chance.  I won't completely write this place off!The food and cocktails are good, the service is really good, and the outdoor space is great. The last two times I came here, the music was so loud we had to shout to hear each other and ended up leaving. I'll probably avoid Cedar Point in colder months and only go there when I can comfortably sit outside.Told us 15 minutes for a table and we waited over an hour while three tables were open for our group. We put three open tables together for us to sit (was open for over half an hour). The manager then approached us and told us he would have done that but it was unprofessional and reprimanded us. We just left. Even the bar staff questioned his decision. Really bad service.This!!
This is what spots all over the country are trying to get right... but Ceder Point NAILS IT!!
First night back in town in a long time. My buddies brought me here and they WON!! The beer selection was just fantastic. The outdoor setting was wonderful. They sat us and served us, in a light drizzle, which shows both dedication and class. 
I had a bowl of wings with pan fried Brussels Sprouts and WTF, it changed my life.
I will be back, but you, you reading this, you will go there now and just give them your money. They will make you drunk, full of food, and very happy!!Great menu !! Awesome service even though I only eat at the bar ....try the cedar point lemonade !!!Service the worst ever...  I have never has sevvice so bad.... its started with hostes who was not very friendly. She showed us to our seat but gave us no menu. Wow.. then the waitress come over and says to us you just drinking tonight. We were like no. After we get menus she comes back and takes our order. we told her two time we wanted the califlower buffalo ceasars salad. She said yea yea..  like I got it... when our food comes its not the salad but some fritters. :(! I really enjoy my 1st time but the 2nd time not so much...  food was good but service was sooooo bad i just had to give them one star... And I am sure the waitress knew we were unhappy when she saw her tip.... the hostes didnt help..... i am usally a happy foodie...I just moved into Fishtown a month ago and came across cedar point while out on a run....  While looking for "happy hours" in the area a week later I stopped in and was wowed by the service food and drink. This Low key gem has a phenomenal, ever-changing draft (and daily specials) list with obscure (and high in alcohol %) selections that last as long as the keg does. Their foodie-friendly specials coupled with an eclectic everyday menu is sure to entice every taste bud. Surely now one of my favorite spots. Salute and Bon appetite!I absolutely LOVE the service the service I get at Cedar Point. The whole staff is super friendly, easy to chat with, and looking to bend over backwards to make your visit happy and boozy.I love the idea of Cedar Point and I think they designed the space really well. I am not a huge fan of the menu. If you're not into red meat, soy, or fried food than there's not much to eat! 
The beer menu on the other hand is delightful, I have had a few beers here I enjoyed.I've been here three times now and have to say that it is solid. I've had the BBQ pulled pork grilled cheese at brunch and that was awesome. I've also tried the mac and cheese and the fried pickles. So far though, the drinks and the prices have been the most impressive. Sitting on the deck drinking the Allagash Shandy is perfect. Their specials are usually worth the trip. The only negative I've encountered has been the spotty service. One trip it's good, the next it's seriously lacking.What a interesting place. From the outside, it looks like the average upscale restaurant (like one would see in center city)
Inside is another story. Reclaimed/pastel washed tables- intriguing art on the walls- light fixtures made with beer bottles- A feast for the eyes!
The new Fishtown, turned sideways a degree or two.
In any case there was no hit of art snobbery or hipster snark among the staffers on the Mother's day- just a group of upbeat hard working folks serving up tasty local coffee and even tastier brunch delights. Specifically, we were each really pleased by the Lemon/tarragon/ricotta pancakes.
Water glasses and coffee cups were never empty.
An aside- We were glad to see so many vegetarian otions on the menu!
Special shout/kudos to the hostess this morning (05/08) who so patiently helped a mom who happened to be in a walker. She so politely moved us while helping make sure a grand lady had a chance to make it to her table to be celebrated by her family.
We don't live in the area- but we'll be back. Count on it.The first time I went here I wasn't impressed. However, I tried it again for brunch and it was delicious. The meatloaf Benedict was amazing. Also, great beer list.Nice place great staff and good ownership who is willing to fix any problem. I recommend the Cobb salad very good and great beer n drink specials. And always a change of food specials.I've been to Cedar Point probably a half dozen times and I'm a fan. The food is tasty, unique and offers a lot of different choices. Fried green tomato po boy is probably one of my new favorite things, although it's just on the edge of too spicy for me. Bartenders are mostly friendly and offer good service, and the beer selection is pretty solid. Brunch was good too!Chicken breakfast wrap and craft beer. Very laid back compared to another brunch place that had 45-60 min wait at 1pm.Found this place to eat by yelping and finding something new. Let me start off with parking is not wonderful. Not the restaurants fault but still sucks. No issues getting seated. Very cute and quaint. Menu has all American pub favorites with vegan/vegetarian options. The food was  delicious I got the salad with chicken and that sweet raspberry ranch. But the reason for the two less stars was for the actual ambiance. It was odd and of putting. I also whitnesses my waiter get very angry after getting no tip from a table. Understandably sucky but didn't need to be publically shown. And towards the end they put an odd movie on that had some uncomfortable phrases, like the kind you hear and all the friends at the table look in awe. All around a decent joint but probably will not return.Love this place!  Let's start with the food is amazing!  Loved the vegan options. Everything was fresh.
Lots of beer on tap. And totally enjoyed the outdoor deck .
 The service was great. The waitress was very friendly. 
Definately will be back, esp as the weather gets nicer to enjoy the deck. 
Wish this place was in my neighborhoodGreat food and service but a little too dark for us. The mac n cheese is amazing!! Also, the sesame spinach and kale salad was phenomenal. All in all, if I was in the area I'd probably go back... I just wish they had better lighting.Oh cedar point, what can I say? This is by far my husbands favorite brunch spot in our neighborhood. We've been going here on a close to weekly basis since they opened and this place has really only gotten better & better. When they added the plantain cakes to the menu as a substitute for eggs in most dishes it was like a gift from the gods. Larry almost always gets the red beans & rice with vegan sausage & plantain (he's a creature of habit), while I tend to mix it up more but the vegan wings are for sure my favorite. The Bloody Mary here is our favorite among all of our local spots, in addition they offer a decent sized rotating draft list (which includes kombucha). Oh and the service is always beyond expectations, Lauren is usually our server & she provides a top notch experience every time.I have to say some of the best wings I've had in a long time. And they come with a side of Brussels sprouts! I mean, that's pretty dope! They are crispy on the outside but have juicy dense meat on the bone so you actually feel like you're eating meat vs just fatty sauce laden skin. Wowza! We had the buffalo and the bbq. Both get two thumbs up tho the buffalo gets the slight edge. Don't mess with the classic. Beer flights are always a good idea. This place gets my vote of "will return."I had brunch here last weekend and was really impressed. The space is decorated with interesting art, plants, and lighting; it's cool but totally unpretentious. There is also a deck outside that allows dogs!
My friend and I each started with a French 75. It's always nice to see some alternatives to the traditional mimosas and other brunch drinks. And you definitely can't go wrong with champagne, gin, and lemon!
I ordered the chicken and waffles, which ended up being a great choice. The chicken is slathered in an amazing combination of barbeque sauce and maple syrup. It's a fantastic combination of sweet, spicy, and tangy. Chicken and waffles is a usually a good choice anywhere, but that sauce and flavor combination took things to a whole new level at Cedar Point. I also liked that they use cornbread waffles, another interesting twist that added even more flavor. 
I plan to go back and hopefully enjoy the deck next time!If I could give it no stars I would. We went there with a party of ten. Let me start of as saying that I can completely sympathize with anyone in the service industry. It's not easy at all. We all ordered our food and were pretty excited as everything on the menu sounded like it was well thought out and would be prepared just as well.  They sent out one order of grits and two pancakes first for some reason. The pancakes weren't cooked all the way....Pancakes...We were later told that they are "vegan" and that's why the texture was the way it was. The grits. I am using that term very loose. They were dry and horrible. Then we waited. For a long time. Three tables on the deck sat after us, and ordered after us, and still had food delivered before us. I ordered the banana walnut French toast. It was just okay. I also ordered a side of bacon. It was literally one piece of bacon broken in half. Did I mention the wait. Yeah. Because the waitress didn't.  If the kitchen is clearly dropping the ball, tell the manager and make it up to your table. It was like the elephant in the room. Finally someone I assume was the manager (he never really explained who he was) said we are really sorry for the wait,  the kitchen is backed up or some excuse, I couldn't really hear him because he only addressed one half of the table. I will finish by saying that I will never return. You can draw your own conclusions but rolling the dice you might loose out too.  There are plenty of good places in the area that I have never had a bad experience at.When tired of center city Philly, why not head over to fishtown.  I'm all for places that are vegetarian friendly.  Those fried brussels with apricot horseradish sauce was yummo.  They were so crispy and chip-like.  I'm definitely  going to try to make it at home.  The veggie wing was seasoned with buffalo sauce.  It got a bit spicy as you eat more and a bit too crunchy, not much "meaty" pieces.  The cornbread waffle was awesome.  I'm gonna try this at home too!  They have a nice beer list.  I couldn't make up my mind so i opted for a flight and the serving size was heftier than other flights i've had.  Looking forward to checking out their lunch/dinner menu.Solid food. Wings are great--unique flavor. Burger was delish (bun was unevenly cut). Problem is the chairs on the deck--they just aren't sittable (extremely uncomfortable...who the heck designed these?). Also, in the restrooms--I need the option of a paper towel. Service is so-so...it's what you'd call "hipster service"--a bit on the "loose" side. All in all, solid place--3.5 stars.Came here with friends for dinner on NYE.  The food and beer selection were both very good, and the vibe is causal and fun.  I got the chicken cutlet sandwich, and finished my fiance's dish too.  My sandwich was delicious, and I finished it for breakfast.  Still tasty on day 2.I've been here several times since they first open, and Cedar Point has  a spotty record.  I've been impressed by the taplist on some visits, underwhelmed other times.  The service is likewise; sometimes great, other times...not so much.  The canned beer sometimes offers the best deal and selection (ie: Torpedo IPA and Six Point pounders for $5).
For food, the brunch offerings are solid, but small portions.  They're priced appropriately, but for me, I don't want to go out to brunch and need another meal in two hours.  I've heard other people rave about the burger, but when I visited mine was dry and overcooked.  Overall, the menu is pub fare on a health kick.  Definitely try the root chips. 
The outdoor space, and really the whole interior, are great, and I think this spot is a positive addition to the neighborhood.  I love late night happy hour and daily lunch. 
Bottom Line:  Hit or miss.  Cedar Point needs to pull a lot of details together in order to become a Fishtown staple.An update to my previous (2 star) review.
My second visit was nicer than the first, with lovely weather and a spot on the deck.
The food was a tiny bit better the second time around, with a vegan cheese plate and mac and cheese shared to favorable, if not raving, reviews.
The service and atmosphere have improved, and one owner contacted me about my initial experience, which I appreciate.
Overall, the food here is still just ok, and this will never be my favorite place to eat.
I recommend for drinks only.I really like the food here..especially the veggie-friendly options! Staff is always friendly and wait times aren't too bad. Happy hour specials are good too!stopped in, after waiting a week or so after they opened.  I will be back to update this.  The one great thing that must be said: this place is another option for vegans!  Im a total meat-a-tarian but my friends that are vegan are super happy to have another option in the area.  
The catfish po boy was too much bread, for my liking.  I ended up having a hoagie roll - not what I expected when I read "brioche".  The vegan flannel hash and smokey limas was great to share.  The beer was top notch and service good.  Sadly they didnt have the vegan cheese plate ready for my friend, so we'll have to come back soon.I was very hesitant about coming here when my sister suggested it when she was In town. I must say the veggie wings were amazing and my meal was amazing. Service is kinda slow, but food was great.I've been here many times and have only sat at the bar, so keep that in mind with my review.
Cedar Point has become one of my "go-to"s since they have opened. There is always an available seat (or three) at the bar whenever I've gone, which is anywhere from a Sunday afternoon, Saturday night, or a Wednesday at like 4:00. The beer list is always changing and is quite extensive. There has always been something I like or something I want to try. 
As for food- I have had the burger, (real) wings, mac and cheese, pulled pork mac and cheese, and their special burger with the chicken-fried bacon and jalapeno chutney. I would absolutely order everything again, though I love the wings. They are cooked perfectly, have a nice kick to them, and they come with brussel sprouts- a combination I would have never thought of, but they work together perfectly.
The bartenders are always super friendly and attentive and the food comes out quickly. I definitely recommend checking this place out if you haven't already.I love this place! The cocktails are made the way they should be, with proper ingredients and attention to detail. The beer list is always changing but never disappoints those of us that know what "good" beer is. The chicken and waffles are perfect and the sauce is such a pleasant combination of sweet and savory. I eat/drink here a lot and will continue to do soWe have been here 3 times and every time they have disappointed us.  Today we had brunch and the Creole eggs were a mess and the biscuits and gravy were awful.  There was a vegan sausage that tasted like a piece of hardened mud.   I mean Trader Joe's vegan meatballs have more moisture.  
The biscuits themselves were good. 
I am not really a snob about this stuff. The first time I had the Ruben. It was not toasted and the fries weren't great. The second time I had the seitan wings. Not good. I was expecting something like Belgian Cafe, but what I got felt like the gristle from the fried seitan covered in buffalo sauce. There are just too many great places in Fishtown to warrant mediocrity.This place was good, not great. The mac and cheese that bf and I split for an app, however, was great. So creamy and delicious. I got the chicken & waffle, which was covered in both bbq sauce and syrup. I could have done with just one of those options. However, it was still pretty good. The waffle got really soggy though. Bf got what I believe was a prime rib sandwich - may have been some other kind of beef - he liked it. His fries were really really good.Great brunch today (St Paddy's) for daughter's bday next week.  Lots of vegan and omnivore fare for hipsters and nonhipsters alike. Bar looked inviting but just coffees for us today.  Must be even nicer in warm weather on the patio!  We'll be back.  
Enjoy.Delicious food and great service! Incredible mac & cheese appetizer (get the pulled pork- it's a game changer) and the best chicken and waffles I've had in many moons. Highly recommend going in for awesome food and a great beer selection!This place is just getting better and better. Love the veggie wings and their beer list is definitely improving. Last week I have a Half Acre Vallejo, my FAVORITE IPA. Everything is well priced and the bartenders are very nice. Definitely coming back soon!It's been awhile since I've been somewhere different. We've found some local treasures and have pretty much kept to them lately. But when something opens a block from your home, with a connection to a place enjoyed previously, I'm game.
In a nutshell, this place should be a solid addition to the neighborhood vegetarians and vegans. For me, not so much.
The service was solid. No problem there.
The menu, though slightly sparse for carnivores, was a vegetarians dream. So we found one and brought her with us.
She ordered the kale burger, which she said was very good, but with a bit too much roll. It came with a choice of chips, fries, or salad. She got the salad, and enjoyed it.
The special of the evening was either a soft shelled crab sandwich, or a meatloaf sandwich. Another at the table got the meatloaf, which reminded me of a brick of meat. It was not the best possible shape to be put on two pieces of nice grained bread, but a little difficult to manipulate.  The meatloaf itself was fine.  Just fine, nothing more. It came with decent fries, mixed sweet potato and regular. The fried were deemed "ok".
The meat eaters shared a Johnnycake pinwheel, which was actually more like a cornmeal pancake/crepe with good brisket, sweet onion and pickled jalapenos. It was good, nice flavor, but not too much heat, even with the jalapeno.
Two of us ordered the storied fried chicken and waffle. A heavy cornmeal waffle had three thick chicken tenders on it, and it was drenched in a hot/sweet bbq sauce. I'm not sure what the actual coating on the chicken was, but it was a tad hard, and I really didn't care for the bbq sauce at all. Too hot for my tastes. I ended up taking half of the waffle and two of the chicken pieces home for others who enjoy that
For dessert, we ordered one piece of a carrot/sweet potatoe cake that was also not very good. Very, very dry. Maybe as a result of being refrigerated, but I really don't care for cold cake, even if it was moist.
So all in all, if I'm going out to eat, I'm not going back there. If I'm going out to have a couple drinks and enjoy the night air, this is a nice place to go.  The bar is fine, with a good selection of beers, and suitable selection of wines.
Four people, with lots of wine and lots of beers...tab came to $148.00Went for brunch and got the disco biscuits and gravy with vegan sausage. Pretty good, nothing over the top but one thing you should know is that it's HUGE portions! So def share any dish you get here for brunch.(I'd give 3.5 stars but it's not an option) I live nearby and have been to Cedar Point maybe 6 times now. If I didn't live so close I probably wouldn't really come back. Although they're creative and offer interesting seasonal options, they consistently under salt (meaning no salt used at all) their food. Fried chicken, no salt. Buttermilk biscuit, no salt. Even the fries didn't have enough salt. This always leads to me being disappointed. One thing I loved was the vegan wings. You'd never care that they're vegan. Super crunchy and satisfying. The biscuits have really gotten better since they first opened, the texture is wonderful, but the lack of salt kills them. Part of me thinks they're avoiding salt to make the food healthier. Their menu boasts lots of vegetarian, vegan, and turkey based options. Maybe they're also watching our sodium for us too? I get trying to offer healthier foods, but without salt the food tastes like nothing, and it's a shame to waste a fluffy, well made biscuit by leaving it out.Two star rating because the place was closed! on a Saturday!! evening!!! for a 'private party'!!!! ... So, obviously I've experienced a lot better. I can't imagine this is good for business if it is a common occurrence ... I checked the webpage about an hour before arriving there; if there was a notice re the closed event, I missed it. However, the walk to and from the car through the neighborhood was worth the trip: folks on the stoop with dogs were chatty, a couple of twenty-something lasses straight from Central Casting also chatted us up as if they found their long-lost grandpappies. The residential architecture evoked all sorts of imaginations as did the scaffolded St. Laurentius church; other local commercial spots seemed worthy of a return trip and a drop in. The ramp to the patio entrance served well for me with minor mobility issues. A wide variety of good places nearby allayed starvation and dehydration so the joint better keep on its toes and stay open when it advertises it is openHad lunch at this local Fishtown cool artsy place. Ordered the Sesame Kale Salad with grilled shrimp. It was not just any kale salad- it was AMAZING! Perfect blend of all fresh ingredients and just the right amount of dressing too. As well, the " MOSCOW MULE" Simply Delicious and perfectly made. I work in the restaurant industry in Sarasota Florida and was very impressed with everything but most of all, the service was outstanding!!!!!! Jessie was an excellent server/bartender. In-fact, everyone of the servers and bartenders were working as a team with the guest without being intrusive. I spent the last several days in the city dining out and this was the best service I've had since my time here so far. The people in Fishtown are different--AWESOME!!!. I appreciate that being a visitor while trying to move in the area. I highly recommend this place. Looking forward to going back soon!The food and atmosphere at CPBK are great! I am a big fan of the wings served with Brussel sprouts and the kale burger rocks. The outdoor seating is great and the bar is beautiful with creative and delicious cocktails and friendly staff.I've been going to Cedar point since they opened a few years ago and in the beginning felt a disconnect between the descriptions on the menu to what actually appeared on the plate. But I went there with my wife and a few friends last night, and was pleasantly surprised. I feel like the food has stepped up a notch. We tried the beet raviolis, they were fantastic, the crab cakes were delicious and the kale burger was ok. Enjoyed sitting on the deck and enjoying the beautiful weather. Our waitress was very friendly and did a great job.Just had an inexcusable experience here. There were two open tables in the restaurant when my husband and I arrived. There was a two-top near the bathrooms and a four-top in the front of the restaurant. My husband and I sat at the table near the restrooms previously and had a dinner punctuated with all the sounds and smells of two individual bar bathrooms at happy hour. So today, we asked to sit at the four-top at the front. After a conversation about why we wanted to sit there with one of the hosts, the table was cleaned and we were finally sat there. A few minutes later, a four-top came in and waiter actually came over and told us we would have to move. I have honestly never been in a restaurant with such a low quality of service. To ask a seated party to leave a table at which it was already for a larger party is ridiculous.   It was clear they didn't want our business, so we left. And we won't be back even though we live 3 blocks away. The food is hit-or-miss anyway.The succotash crostini was amazing!  Do yourself a favor and eat that. Plus the beer selection is also great.My neighborhood "go to" place. Great food and relaxing atmosphere. Love the outside deck part and the service is great. Would love more veggie options though.This place is great. Good food, beer selection, ambiance and staff. Would have given them 5 stars but they changed something to there chicken wing recipe and it is no longer my go to staple.Good Vegan options, and the wings tossed in bbq sauce are so so good.  I'm happiest here at late night happy hour and brunch time.  I've really come around on Cedar Point in the past two years.The food was just so-so.  The beer selection is good but not any better than any of the other neighborhood bars.  I was really looking forward to this place opening but nothing here impressed me.  I ordered a glass of beer from the featured firkin and it was terrible.  I told the bartender (very nicely) that I didn't like it and wanted to order something else.  He quipped back that he could have told me it was terrible before I ordered it and that I should have tasted it.  Well why didn't you suggest I taste it before buying??  And why the smart ass comment?  Dick.
I'll continue to hang across the street at Loco Pez where the bartenders are awesome and the food is good and I'll get my craft beers elsewhere.What happened here? Was so impressed when I went in August, but just went again and was so unimpressed. We got the Caesar salad, Cubano sandwich, and pumpkin gnocchi. First of all, the salad was the only thing that was a decent portion. The sandwich and gnocchi were so pathetic looking! Seriously for $12 sandwiches and $15 gnocchi I expect bigger portions. They must have gotten cheaper. Really disappointed and this ends my business here. Feel totally ripped off for the kid-sized portions and hefty price tags. Also can't believe they took the pulled pork sandwich off the menu and replaced with the Cubano. The Cubano had almost no meat on it!!! The sandwich was flat and seriously unacceptableBrussels sprouts, veggie wings, chicken and waffles!!! - all day, every day.
At this point, I think I've had everything on their dinner menu and can honestly say I've enjoyed it all! Unique concoctions that are a bit "hipster", like edgier versions of your favorite comfort foods. It's easily our top neighborhood place for a weeknight meal.I've been anxiously awaiting the opening of Cedar Point for some time now.  They were supposed to open today, but had an impromptu soft opening over the weekend, so some friends and I jumped on the chance to try it out and boy am I excited to welcome them to the neighborhood.  The menu is extensive, and so amazingly vegetarian and vegan friendly. Woo-hoo! I tried the mac and cheese (yum), smashed root vegetable (not for me, a little too sweet and some pieces were too underdone, but my husband really liked it), the veggie wings, which are really just pieces of seitan deep fried and with a delicious spicy wing sauce and then topped with fried brussels sprouts- hello! and the cheeseball salad.  Everything was pretty good, I wasn't into the sweet vinegar salad dressing served with the wings, needs ranch or blue cheese or something creamy, the brussels are genius though. The beer selection was a little bit of a bummer for me (draft) because there were no dark beers except for Guiness. I ordered a cocktail, then saw the bottle selection, lots of sours, yay! Service was great, and it was opening day, so that's a big indicator that they were trained well. I'm so excited to go back and try the rest of the menu, fried green tomato po' boy- oh man!!!  I'm also dreaming of hanging out on that deck come spring and summer.OMGosh! Ok, they have a late night happy hour which is soooo cool but I need to mention the food. I have been to this establishment several times and had so many good things.  The fried pickles are my fave but the tuna melt and beet ravioli was also delish. The service staff is always great and quirky which makes it a fun night or brunch out every time :) I haven't gotten the chance to sit outside on that beautiful deck but I am looking forward to it this summer.Awesome place!  Walked by this vacant restaurant for a long time, always looked like an awesome deck. So happy this place has finally become a great place to eat outside and have a nice drink on a warm summer night!Went there today with my boyfriend for Sunday brunch. I got the chicken and waffles. It was a little spicier then most chicken and waffle dishes but still very good! The service was good, and there was no wait. ( Hard to find on a Sunday at 1:00pm)Me and my girlfriends visit here was amazing! Our server (Sarah) made us feel very welcomed and had some very nice recommendations being as though it was monday and we hold ourselves to Meatless Monday's in order to ease into the vegetarian life. We had the pretzel knots with the very tasty blueberry basil mustard and the veggie wings with the brussels sprouts and apricot cream sauce! Our meal was the vegetarian lasagna. We'll be visiting againFriendly staff. Accommodating and a cool environment. I got the vegan wings and they were almost impossible to eat. One person in my party returned his because he couldn't even chew them. I'm not sure why they were so hard/crunchy. Apparently they aren't always like that. I would be willing to give them another shot because I think they were just having an off night.Great decor,  great beer list, lots of veggie/vegan options. We thought the vegan wings over brussel sprouts were tasty and inventive, also meant to be eaten with a fork, so less messy. We also had the BEST beer ever, some kind of sour cherry ale. Truly unique. Fries, outstanding. I had open-faced tuna, which was balanced and well-seasoned. We went mid-week, mid-day so I can't complain about the service like some folks did, but maybe give this place some time to come into its own. It's got "potential" written all over it. If they're are kinks, I have a feeling, they'll work them out.Having been here a number of times, I can comfortably say that the place easily deserves four stars.  I've been seated at tables and at the bar, as a couple and with a larger group, and have always been pleased with the service and the staff.  The food is equally good and I recommend the pulled portabella sandwich (this is the first place that has made the vegetarian food flavorful enough for me to choose it over options).   Highly recommend.i want to like cedar point.  it's a new bar just blocks from my house in a neighborhood clamoring for newness, has comfortable outdoor deck seating, what seems to be a decent menu and best of all... an uncanny friday night happy hour.
but then there's the food which just falls completely flat.
also, some very odd aesthetic choices inside regarding the wall colors... ??
*fried green tomato po boy - super thick (because they were breaded - wtf?) slices of green tomato on a gigantic bulky roll with not much else on it.
*reuben - untoasted bread (derp) with reasonably dry turkey and not quite enough cheese/slaw/mustard.
bbq grilled cheese - sounds like the best and worst idea at the same time.  there's way too much happening here to have it be good.  complete overkill.
fried pickles - too small an order.
fries - good.  crisp yet still soft at center with a nice mix of white and sweet potatoes.
pan-sizzled greens - just ok.  pretty hard to get wrong.
i gave them 2 tries and i'm sure i'll give them at least one or two more later on in the summer when i'm ready to hit up that sweet sweet deck.  i wish i could leave an extra half-star because of said deck and happy hour!  oh well.Went there last night with a couple buls for the late night happy hour, half off wings and half of draft (perfect combo in my book)I'm going to say this had been the best wings I had for awhile hands down.. Got hot wings, they come with roasted Brussels sprouts... Also ordered mac and cheese, probably the best Mac and cheese again I had in a long time sooo food this place is a 5 outta 5 
Our server was super on point seemed like every time I sipped my water here comes a refill it was immaculate 5 out of 5 service 
Atmosphere is were the 4 stars come into play soo the scene isn't to much my scene I like to see a mixed crowd of people, felt alittle bit awkward, not from the service but by the people around.....
I'll be going back again the food and drinks were to good to be true !!!