Central Pizza has to be one of the few hidden gems in Philadelphia. It cheap, it's fast, and it's absolutely delicious! It's especially great for big groups or parties because you can get 3 large pizzas for around twenty bucks!!! Where else can you get that? It's my go-to pizza spot!!I really like this place - they make good, inexpensive pizza, and they make it quickly.  Also, the people that work there are super friendly.  Can't really go wrong here.I will rage it at Central Pizza until I find something better. It is my ride or die for cheesesteaks in Fishtown, and the pizza is fine as well. Not to mention incredibly cheap. Their lunch specials are fantastic, as you can get a huge sammie/steak/salad, what have you, with delicious fries and some so-so cole slaw.
I've had my fair share of side-orders as well, and I highly recommend the jalapeno poppers, and cheese crab fries. Mm. They also have some deserts in the fridges and whatever the oreo one is, is AWESOME.
Service is great, they are incredibly friendly and I've never had to wait too long for food.I am always skeptical when trying a new pizza place, but Central Pizza won me over. At first we tried buffalo chicken fingers (they aren't on the menu, but the staff was more than happy to put some wing sauce on my tenders), a cheese steak, and fries. Everything was very tasty and inexpensive! I was actually surprised by their prices.
On our next visit we decided to try the pizza. We were a little surprised at the size of a large, which looked more like a medium sized pizza to me. It was definitely enough for two people, but probably not more. The crust was different, more like bread than pizza dough. There was a good amount of cheese, and the sauce was good- not too sweet.
I will definitely come back, and I will definitely try more items on their varied and reasonably priced menu.Horrible cheesesteak worst cheesesteak I've ever had..  The meat had this frozen funny taste to it, the cheese had NO taste probably cheap cheese. I literally took 3 bites of cheesesteak and through it out... Never ever again..  I don't understand why some of these reviews say best cheesesteak you guys obviously don't know good food or a good cheesesteak...Food is good , delivery times are fast , and the hours are great. But I warn you , if you call to order delivery you WILL be yelled at ! The lady who answers the phone her always yells at me sayin "hun I cat hear you" ...and I'm like ok there's only grills clanking, giant ovens being opened and slammed shut , phones ringing off the hook , and cooks yelling out orders to each other going on behind you. How do I look yelling at a phone in a quiet apartment by myself screaming out "i need a side of mayo I said " and whatnot. She always wins this fight whether I like it or not cuz now my neighbors look at me weird. Whatever ... Not a good look for me. Id probably order from here more often because the food is pretty damn good,  but id rather spare the 5 minute anxiety attack. Lol.Saw the good reviews but really disappointed the way the place looked, didn't look like a real pizza place with the showcase also didn't like that I couldn't sit down and eat my slice of pizza. The cheese and sauce were ok but the dough was so spongy... Should of went with digiornoThis may not be the fanciest place in Fishtown, but it's my favorite. Of the many things I miss about Philadelphia, Central Pizza is in the Top 5. My two go-to's were pizza and calzones - both ridiculously cheap. Olive pizza was especially good - Greek olives instead of canned black olives. 
The nicest people, super quick, really never had a bad experience. 
The person below who says a cockroach crawled out of her pizza is a liar.Cheers for being open until midnight on weekdays.  Jeers for the dense, bready, perfectly and oddly round biscuit of a pie.  The rest of menu composed mainly of the fryolated arts will suit you just fine, as will the sandwiches consisting of chopped meats and melted cheeses.  But that's all.  It's just fine, for being open 'til midnight.  The pizza, aint.This place has some good cheese steaks and they aren't insanely overpriced either. They said it would take 30 minutes to get to our apartment and sure enough within 30 minutes they were here.This place was surprisingly pleasant when we called for delivery. Our orders tend to get a little complicated with extra this and less of that- both times we've ordered the staff have been friendly & patient. The food was really great too! They have the good kind of Caesar dressing- so I get the Caesar wrap. My partner gets the boneless buffalo bites and really enjoys them. 
If I could suggest anything- get different style wraps. Wheat is okay- but it depends what you are eating with it and I don't think it goes all that well with the Caesar wrap I get. (It's obviously good enough though because I'm about to order it for a 3rd time:)Cheap food, but you can tell.  The pizza is a bit bland and the fries a tad mushy, but the steaks are good and it's a steal for how much food you get.  Great quick food in Fishtown.I was craving pizza after work one day. Me and my roomie hit up central. I got a nice bbq chicken pizza and sat outside on a nice night. Overall the pizza was solid and the staff was really polite. I will comtinue to hit this place up and may change to a five star rating over time. Great place walking distance from me I can go to settle my pizza cravings.This place believe it or not has really ,really, good cheese steaks and everyhting is really fresh evrytime i go there never been let down unless you like italian pizza dont get there s. Its greekAsked for Sprite, I got a Pepsi. Asked for plates and cups, I got a spoon. Now I drink from my hands and dump the food in my mouth.This is the best Pizza place in Philly. I like their crust and the marinara sauce is not too sweet and not too salty. Their cheese pizza is to die for. I never thought that I would like just a plain cheese pizza, but they did it. There's no place to dine in but the pie is worth it. The employees their are very hospitable. I didn't know what I had until I left Fishtown. Now, whenever I'm in the old stomping grounds, I need to get atleast a slice.I've been ordering food from Central Pizza for the last 8 yrs and I have NEVER had a single problem. I'm sorry, there was this one time when they were out of Cherry Coke and I was forced to have regular Coke, lol! The service has been awesome. I like to get cheese fries with my pizza and one of the things I love is that they always send a plastic fork and napkins in the bag. Well over the past 8 yrs they have NEVER, not once, forgot to include a fork when I've ordered Cheese fries. But tomorrow is going to be a sad day for me. I'm moving out of the Port Richmond/Fishtown area and I'll no longer be able to order from Central Pizza. But it's been a nice long run. But I'm sure that I'll be stopping in to visit and order food from my favorite pizza place in the area. Thanks Central, for 8 awesome years of great service and yummy food.
.                                                                          MIKE MACE
.                                                                       2547 Webb streetwe tried this place based on yelp reviews. although there weren't a lot of supporting fans of the pizza, we got one anyway. And I really liked it. it's a serious cheese pizza - like connoisseur's on bustleton ave 19116 circa 1988 and Fiesta Pizza in Jenkintown.
the fries were good and it was the cheapest delivery I think I've ever gotten. If Rustica was cheaper I'd order consistently, but I understand why it isn't so my in between deliveries will come from Central.I live down the street from Central and it is our go-to. Food is always fresh and the staff is wonderful. Get their wings or the bruschetta pizza--awesome!they sent us a christmas card!!!! a freaking christmas card from our pizza place! unreal!
and we don't order more than once a week. maybe less than that. they are so awesome.You are drunk. You are hung over. You are broke.  All reasons to eat at Central.  It is "Greek Style" - I think is what it is called.  Thicker crust, cheezy, greasy, delicious for this style pizza.  There is a lot of bread and a lot of cheese, moderate sauce - I'd say the ratios are pretty good.  Plus I think it is about $5 for a large and the pizza is typically ready in about 5 minutes.  What more do you want? 
I have never eaten anything other than cheese pizza here, but I think that is OKI live a block away, and update since my last review, though I don't go quite as much. 
My initial rating was actually more for the super friendly service than the end product, which has always been okay, but not amazing. 
I'm adjusting my rating downward, especially given the increase in competition in the past year and a half. 
I still don't think you can beat the quality to price ratio here, a plain cheese pizza is just $7, and the folks working there are always happy to see you. 
That said, if you're willing to pay more, you'll get more elsewhere... But if you're looking for a local cost effective option this is probably your best bet.$12 for an everything pizza. Reasonable delivery time. 
The quality reminded me of pizza hut or dominos.My order: xtra  spicy boneless buffalo wings, mozzarella sticks and a small bruschetta pizza with feta. Mozzarella sticks were just ok.   Boneless buffaloes sauce was more butter than anything and not spicy at all.  But everything was kinda average.  That is until I opened my pizza and a cockroach ran out.  Last time I stray from Francos.My girlfriend lives and dies by honey mustard. If I come home with takeout and they forgot to include the honey mustard that I ordered for her, I'm toast. Unlike other places, Central never forgets. Their pizza isn't what I would describe as "good" but for some reason I love it. Their wings are cheap and meaty (pause) and they're gyros are pretty good as well. The owner/workers are also extremely friendly. One of favorite places in Philly.Excellent food for the price. Quick and Friendly service.  This is my go to spot when I am really hungry and want something fast, or when I dont feel like spending $20+ on a pizza.The food here is pretty decent and reasonably priced.   The people who run the place are very friendly and I've always been greeted with a smile when I've come in.    I really like this place because it is a 30 second walk from where I usually crash on Friday nights.
The best part perhaps is the fact that it is open by 7am.    For anyone who needs an early morning soda or other bottled drink... it is a life saver.A great neighborhood spot! Money goes far here with a solid cheese pizza for 7$!!! Quick delivery and they're always smiling and happy when I pick stuff up. Don't sleep on their cheese steaks and salads as well. Really glad this place is so close and open late.I grew up on their food.  I lived about a 48 second walk from Central for 20 plus years.  I know their phone number better than know most family member's numbers.  Whenever I visit my mother, I make sure I order food from there.  And it is the only place I know that still refers to a 2 litre of soda as a "Boss Soda."  
They have an incredibly friendly staff, and you get a free Boss Soda with any order over $20.  Also, it is one of the only places I know that will sell you a hoagie roll.  Many a dinner party have been saved by Central hoagie rolls.  
So instead of actually reviewing the place, I will offer suggestions about what I think are the best items from the menu.  The meatball grinder is perfect.  And they are the masters of the Fishtown classic- the gizmo.  The pepperoni gizmo is quite good too, but I prefer the plain.  A chicken grinder with green peppers is my classic order.  
They make a top of the line BLT, but if you are really feeling daring, go with the BLT hoagie.  It is a BLT on a long roll with onions. And falling in line with that, the turkey club is great, and very filling. They also make a really good cheesesteak, but the chicken steak is better.  Make sure you get bacon on the chicken steak.  
Their pizza is not like most pizzas you get in Philadelphia, it is made in a deep pan, so the grease from the cheese kind of fries the crust a wee bit.   I consider Central pizza and pizza to be two different things.  Sometimes I want pizza, sometimes I want Central pizza.  And the small is better than the large.  A small pizza with sausage with green peppers and onions is my recommendation.
They also make a really good plain and simple hamburger.  Nothing special- just really good.  Same thing with their milkshakes.  Probably my second favorite milkshake in Philly behind Snow White.  
The mozzarella sticks are so good that I do not order mozzarella sticks from anywhere else because I know they will not be nearly as good as Central's.  The onion rings are the all bread crumb with some onion flavor style.  Their chicken wings can get confusing- I prefer the Wing Dings, which are five wings deep fried, with hot sauce on the side.We ordered pizza from Central the night before my move.  All clientel was professional, and the delivery driver was very polite.  The food was delivered in approx. 20 minutes, and all food was neatly wrapped and hot upon arrival.  We ordered a small pizza, (tasty and priced well), a bacon cheesesteak (could have had more cheese, but overall it hit the spot), mozzarella sticks (good), and some wings (I would order them well done next time, but I think that has more to do with personal preference than their ability to make a good wing.  The hot sauce was delicious).
If you want food that is reasonably priced and tastes good, a polite staff, and a quick delivery time, call Central Pizza.To be honest, the pizza here is blah. Out of all the pizza places to choose from this would be last on my listOk fare. Reliable and consistent. Better than pizzeria beddia bugs because I don't have to wait three hours for my pie.O.K., This place is cheap as it gets in Fishtown, Kenzo, and No Libs area. Pizza is consistently good, as are the French Fries (kinda like a steak fry). Delivery guys are polite as well as the woman who takes the orders by phone, and the food comes hot and tasty. I have tried a few other places and it seems like you are either doing them a favor by ordering, interrupting their card games (not kidding, i witness it during a pickup), or just plain freakin' rude when you call. Give Central a shot if you have never ordered from them.....you won't be disappointed. -DarthGreat food and cheap prices especially for an expensive neighborhood. Pizza by the slice for less then $1.50 a slice!really good pizza - a kind of hybrid between northeast/NYC style & european/italian style.  their vegetarian pizza is delicious and they will add or omit veggies to order (i always ask to substitute sweet peppers in place of broccoli).  their cheese steaks are decent, especially the royal.  and their salads are tasty & huge!  prices are very reasonable, portions are generous. best of all, Central is a family-owned place that treats you like family too. super friendly!Tasty, cheap food.  Best cheap pizza/hoagie joint in the 'hood I think.  Very nice people also.I love these people! They are super nice, and super fast. Best neighborhood deli, I've tried so far. So if you live around here, choose central!Seriously! This place gets 4 stars. -_- this place has pretty good subs but the pizza is terrible3 1/2 stars.
Its cheap, convenient, and they mailed me a Christmas Card this year.
Pizza Brain is so much more tasty, though. You get what you pay for.Pretty solid pizza, minus 1 star for the cheese fries. Just not my ideal fry. But the service was amazing. Everything was ready within 15 minutes for pickup. Living in the area this is awesome and faster than ordering anything from GrubHub or Uber Eats.Ordered a slice of pizza. Best two slices I've had in and around Fishtown. Staff is super friendly.The perfect take out or delivery pizza place for Fishtown. The pizza is good, as are the wings. Can't say that I've ordered anything else. The staff is friendly, the prices are super cheap, and most importantly, the food is ready quick. 40 yard dash quick. As long as I live in the area, this is my go-to pizza place.Searching for good pizza in Philly with thousands of pizza shops can be overwhelming but once you order from here your search is done. I also placed a large order for my son's birthday a few days before the party. They were very nice and got the order just right and delivered right on time. I was very satisfied with their professionalism. It is a family owned shop that has been there since I was a child and I love supporting these old time shops that have not been kicked out from these newer "trendy" places. I usually order pizza and boneless wings, the wings are good quality of meat and a good size. These newer shops have nothing on this place. It is take out only.This place is the Bomb! Order for delivery, it will be there in half the time that they tell you. I've been ordering from them for over 20 years. 
Good greek style pizza, great cheesteaks, and the turkey club is really good as well, (made with real turkey, not prosessed) The delivery personell are also very friendly. Thumbs up!!Great people great food
I loveéeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee it  everyday everynight everyyeari love their service!  Spagetti Parm and Vanilla shake my fav...Delivery always on time! my food always warm!  Customer service 5 *s in my book!  Happy New Year!!!The cook with the Strahan gap tried to fight a customer tonight. He looked like he was on drugs. Otherwise the place is reasonably priced and nice staff. Too bad they have something like that working there.So I work down the street from Cental Pizza and I've been ordering from here for about 2 years. The pies here are rather mediocre. That being said, everything else which  I have ordered has been outstanding. The deluxe platters are fantastic, and the portion sizes are enough to have leftovers for your next meal. The customer service here is well above par because A) the speed of delivery (usually less than 15 minutes, but I am also literally just across the street); B) competitive prices (other resteraunts in the immediate area all seem to think that charging well over $20 (before tip) for a single persons lunch & delivery charges is somehow acceptable - NOT HERE PAL!  At Central, I normally spend about $15 and I almost always have enough leftovers for lunch the following day; C) the quality and delicious tasting food I get every time I order from Central Pizza. Just tried the soup for the first time yesterday and I will be ordering that once again today! This is definitely the place to order from in Fishtown!I wouldn't go to Central Pizza for pizza. Cheap, yes, but to be honest I'd rather just throw an Ellio's in the oven. 
I would, however, go to Central for the wings! Decently priced, a little kick to them. 
The staff are all very friendly. Prices here are all great, and I love that it's within walking distance.I must say, Central Pizza certainly took me by pleasant surprise. It was Saturday night in Fishtown and after enjoying some of the night life, a pizza felt obligatory. 
Walking in, the staff was extremely friendly. We ordered a few slices to go and I was very pleased with how prompt we got our food. One aspect of the pizza I like is the fact it isn't greasy at all. The crust is thin, yet feels like it as a nice chewy center. My only complaint is the slices were a little on the smaller side; they were just so delicious I wish there was more!
Would highly recommend to anyone looking for a pick me up during your typical Friday/Saturday night outing or anyone that's looking for a quick bite to go.Average at best. Cheap food, cheap quality, cheap prices. This time I ordered a cheesesteak w/ provolone & light onions. It wasn't good, here's why: the whole thing was greasy when I got it, bread was soggy from grease, also the bread was chewy (not good), meat was average, provolone cheese was the best part and when I ordered light onions it was still covered in onions. I DO NOT recommend a cheesesteak here.I give central pizza 5 stars because they're open when I need them, have food when I want it and deliver it all a timely manner. If you want a pie that doesn't cost $45 and STILL want to support a local, small business you can't go wrong.In a pinch for some takeout or a spur of the moment delivery, this place has you covered nicely! Good prices, good customer service and prompt. The food is good quality.