3.5 stars
It was good but didn't blow me out of the water. Portions are huge, food is tasty but service was pretty slow - and this was during an early Saturday dinner when we were one of three tables. Recommend the Po Tek (super flavorful seafood soup for 2).A wonderful late lunch at Chabaa. 
We had the Fried Dumplings, Shrimp Pad Thai, and Green Curry. Everything was delicious. 
I wish the Fried Dumplings were pan fried/seared, but they were deep fried like perogies instead. They were still good, just not the traditional way (to me) of eating dumplings.
As someone who has an open stomach and eats pretty much everything, I have never been a fan of curry. My wife ordered and I tried some. I ended up loving it. That should tell you everything you need to know. 
Shrimp Pad Thai was pretty standard and met every expectation. 
Fried Dumplings - 3/5
Shrimp Pad Thai - 5/5
Green Curry - 5/5
We also had the place to ourselves due to sneaking into the restaurant despite it being closed (long story short..they kept the place open due to a big reservation but the reservation never showed). The server was perfect by every measure.I am writing this review after having had a delicious dinner tonight at Chabaa consisting of 2 appetizers: 1) Fresh Spring Rolls; and 2) Bangkok style street pork, as appetizers and for Entrees we had: 1) Crepe Pad Thai; and 2) Crispy Duck Pad Thai.  We brought 2 bottles of vino with us (thanks Jenn M. for the BYOB heads-up) and had a fabulous time!  I love this place for the authentic Thai food in Philly!  It was about $70 for 2 for food and corking fees.  Go there if you can't get to Bangkok tonight!  Cheers!Really heavy red curry. The spring rolls and pad thai tasted pre-prepared. The food, generally, tasted not very fresh. Spring roll was soaked in oil and pad thai had a weird smokey flavor.  To too it all, this place is much pricier than other (better) thai places in the city. Would not recommend.very good Thai food. have accidentally ended up here. and  i am super glad i had. very good taste the quality was good. i have ordered green curry and it was just the right consistency not too thick nor too thin just rite and tasted heaven. and don't forget to taste their dessert OMG again just great. and since my accidentally visit i have been a regular visitor :).. i would recommend to try out and trust me you will not be disappointed.We ordered a seafood padthai and a regular padthai but the waitress brought out seafood padthai and a curry. So we had to wait for them to make a regular padthai and my seafood padthai became cold as a result. Ofc we did not have a good experience so we decided to come back and give another try. With both times eating here, the flavor was just okay and service was slow. This place is pricey because of the location and is overrated!Great BYO, but a bit expensive to go here regularly.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but the style is Asian street food which I assume a $22 duck pad thai dish wouldn't normally be part of.  I used to get the Panang special ($22) which is fantastic, but I feel like the portion has gotten a lot smaller over the years.  I recently switched to seafood crazy noodles ($19) which is also spectacular.  
If it was a little more reasonably priced, my wife would drag me here once a week, but we only go on special occasions.Excellent Thai cuisine. I had the pad Thai and the vegetable tofu ginger basil dish. The latter was better. Pad Thai seemed slightly blander than other excellent ones I have had elsewhere. The chicken peanut appetizer was very flavorful and fresh. Overall, very nice experience and try multiple things on the menu!DAMN THAT WAS GOOD! Had drunken noodles and they were the BEST! Also appreciated the service and the help with how to go about getting wine, which I wanted as soon as I saw everybody else with their byob.The food was good, not great.  The service was good.  Honestly, it wasn't really a memorable meal.  I probably wouldn't return because it was just ok and I can get better Thai food elsewhere.
The coconut ice cream is pretty good.A lovely Manayunk find! I am really particular about Thai food because it usually gets watered down for Western diners. The flavor profiles get oversimplified and I am not one to be content with a simple Pad Thai that I can make at home for a fraction of the cost. Chabaa lived up to all my expectations. The location is extremely convenient (next to all the bars) and the interior is pleasant enough. We were seated promptly and received plenty of attention from our waiter. Prices were pretty reasonable, about $15-$22 for an entree.
I ordered the penang curry and it was absolutely delectable. The coconut milk was in perfect harmony with the lemongrass and the kaffir leaves added a nice touch. I did regret getting beef because the texture of the meat was a little chewy but I think penang is better suited to lighter proteins. I would not call the dish "spicy" but it has a nice zing to it. SO ordered the pork tenderloin and was very satisfied as well. 
I rarely enjoy leftovers but I was really happy to bust open my curry the next day for lunch, it was that good. I highly recommend Chabaa if you are in the area.The food is exceptional.  However, it is a bit on the pricey side.  Having been a regular at several Thai restaurants in West Philadelphia, I am accustomed to my Thai food being a yummy and fresh inexpensive treat.  Needless to say, when I came here for lunch (they do not have a lunch menu), there was some sticker shock.  Once I got over that, it was excellent and I will be back (for dinner).Here's the most serious problem I have with Chabaa: Every time I try something it's so good I want to order it again the next time I visit.  It takes an enormous effort each time to try a different dish -- and I have never been disappointed.  Truly outstanding food, and attentive service.  I was fortunate, the last time I visited, to meet the Chef/Owner, who was delightful and sincerely interested in everyone having a satisfactory experience.  She made the rounds at least twice while I was there -- though it wasn't too crowded at the time (not too long after opening), with perhaps a dozen diners; I doubt she'd be able to find the time to walk around at busier times.  I especially loved the Panang Special beef, and one of these days will order it again rather than trying another new dish.  The Chef has a deft touch with spices -- absolutely perfect for my taste, with a wonderful blend of taste and heat, but not too hot.  I wish I could give Chabaa more than 5 stars.I was in town and decided that it was most important for good friends to enjoy good food in a ...GREAT location.
So Chabaa it was. Pad Thai I know sounds cliche but was really good. Chabaa - BYOB, so leave it to my dear friend to bring a bottle of watermelon vodka! hahaha i had never laughed so much in my life. 
The service was great the food was very delicious and the places was busy. We had a lovely time and would certainly visit again.This place is great.  A little pricier than some other Thai places, but the quality of the food is the best I've seen in Philadelphia for Thai food.  The servers are very polite and friendly, and the food comes beautifully plated.I came here this past Valentine's Day with two friends. It was a BYOB where we could get a little dressed up and get out of the house. We came very hungry and were seated right away with a reservation. The service was average - nothing to complain about. 
The food here was very good though not particularly cheap. No one in our group tried anything too crazy. We stuck to chicken satay, pad thai, rice dishes. It's a great place to go out for an occasion, but it's not sooo much better that I would pay this premium rather than get perfectly acceptable Thai take out.I've finally found a thai restaurant to go toooo! YAH!!!!!
I bumped into this place while on a leisure stroll through main street. I was starving and after looking at a few restaurant's menus I walked up to Chabaa and the aroma just grabbed me. My stomach was like "we'z eating here today massir".
Initially my friend and I sat outside since it was a beautiful night but we thought we felt a drizzle so we moved inside.
I had the sampler appetizer (by myself) so you know I was hungry. I then went with the spicy tom yum soup after wards. I figured I should scale down a bit since I already ate the sampler appetizer all by myself.
My friend went with a rice dish as her main meal.
Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about the food; giving ideas about what goes best with what...etc.
My tom yum soup (I ordered the spicy) was super good. I mean it was SPICAAAAAEEEEYYYY. The waitress suggested I get a side of rice with it to cool things down - GREAT IDEA. Went well with a spice of jasmine rice. Everything appeared and tasted freshly made not warmed/microwaved up.
I took my soup home with the rice and I'm finishing it up as I type this. It's soo spicy and delicious. When winter rolls around, this soup and rice combo will be a staple. 
There is an upstairs area that I didn't get to see; i was seated downstairs. Next time I'll bring my bottle of wine ($3 cork fee)...Pretty pricey even when we ordered for carry out, but it was one of the best Thai food I've had. It was a pretty large serving and traveled well. The food was even presented beautifully in it's round take out dish. I was impressed with everything. I haven't eaten inside the restaurant yet and after getting carry out, I've been dying to go back and eat there. I can't imagine how much better it can be since it was so good already. Oh and I had the pad thai of course..I'm drooling, just thinking about it :)This place is one of the best Thai restaurants in PA. The service is great and the food was AMAZING. My husband and I ordered 2 entrees and they were both awesomely decorated and were so flavorful. I highly recommend this place.Food flavors were good. Prices were in my opinion a little high for portion size, but not unreasonable. Remember to grab some wine before coming as it is BYOB. Waitress was pleasant and not overly attentive. Which was not really an issue because we didnt really need anything. She kept the water refilled. I would definately go back.Why oh why do you need to be so expense Chabaa Thai? This place has by far the best Thai food in the city, and I crave it often, but the price is just too steep to go here frequently. Over $20 for the shrimp pad thai, therefore this place is reserved for special occasions and nights out. I wish they would drop the price a bit so I could frequent more regularly. Also for some reason their take out menu is the same price as dine in. However, it is a BYOB and the food is outstanding so definitely 4 stars.Hands down favorite dinner spot in yunk. Have tried 4 different entrees and they were all 5 stars. My favorite is lamb special or peanut scallop pad Thai. Go for pineapple dessertAverage Thai food that is overpriced. Not worth a second try. The Panang beef special was flavorful but a bit too salty. The crispy duck pad Thai could have been fried to give a crunch.Fantastic Thai spot in Philadelphia/Manayunk. I travel the country and always try new Thai places. This ranks very high on my scale. Big fan of drunken noodles.I give 5 stars for the thai tea drink....best ever....nowhere in philly is as good as Chabaa Thai....xoxoWe've been meaning to try this place for almost a year now. It's unfortunate they only open at 5pm during the week. The restaurant is large and is great for large parties. 
The food was really delicious! Having been to Thailand this was on par with authenticity! Sadly, for the price I figured we would have a lot larger portions. Great ambiance for a date night as well. 
We ordered all this for $41:
Appetizer Sampler
Thai Iced Tea 
Tom Kha Soup Vegetable 
Panang Curry w/Chicken
Overall this is a great spot and will be back! Took off a star because portion sizes could be larger.Chabba Thai definitely hit the spot. 
Definition of the spot:
A. stew-like, rich curry in which your mind doesn't have to reach for the flavor, but the flavor comes to you.
B. The flavor doesn't just come, it swarms your taste buds!
(Order Red Curry)
C. Deep chewiness of noodles that makes you close your eyes along with bites of crunchy vegetables. (Order Crazy Noodles)
I found this place a tad overpriced ($22 for pad thai? for reals??) but in compensation, they really do put that tropical flower in the website photos on top of some dishes.If there was only one reason to visit manayunk (which there is) then Chabaa Thai is it! After moving out of the area I had forgotten about their delicious, and albeit cramped offerings. The panang curry is and always will be a favorite of mine - it could not be better here! My man always orders the Pad Thai or drunken noodles which is predictable but difficult to go wrong. Considering the byo factor, which keeps the check average affordable, this is one of Philadelphia's best date night spots!I like chabaa thai a lot. Everything I've had there has been good (mostly pad thai and red curry). I find it kind of pricey...$14 with tax for a vegetarian red curry (hence the 4 stars)...seems it should be a few bucks cheaper w/o meat. I've had salads and I think a soup once too, which were yummy. They give you a big portion which usually lasts me 2x meals. I'd go back again and usually get takeout. Would love if they delivered!I love the new location! I came here for lunch with friends and got the pad thai with salmon and shared the sampler appetizer and mango sticky rice for dessert. Street parking, ample seating and very friendly servers.Super solid 4 stars.
Staff is put together, decor is nice without being pretentious, service is prompt.
They have some nice outdoor seating options when the weather permits and a ton of interior space.  I believe they take reservations as well.
The menu is relatively standard for thai...which is fine by me and most people.  With Thai, I think many people sort of have an idea of what they want, they just want it to be good.  Thai beef salad had a ton of well marinated beef, filling for a salad.  My friend had panang curry vegetables, in terms of thai curries, 8/10...a great score.
Overall, solid, hit the spot, nothing more, thai food in Manayunk.  There are not many other options so you're kinda stuck, which isn't a bad thing.we were excited to try chabaa thai and were very disappointed. it was a beautiful saturday evening and we sat outside, which was great. we had fresh spring rolls and thai sausages for appetizers then the house salad and a special pad thai. all of it was fine but totally unexciting and kind of tasteless.  the service was slow and they made a mistake in our order.  really not good for the price.Add this review to all the other good ones on Yelp. When I go to any Thai place I always have to try there Pad Thai. This was delicious! Not overly sweet. I love how they have different varieties. Next time I will try the crispy duck pad. Sounds awesome. If seated downstairs it will be cramped and seat next to the entrance is horrible. Overall it won award for reason and I see why! BYOB is clutchMy friend and I were walking by and stopped in at the recommendation of the patrons seated out side. That's always a good sign! The food smelled amazing as soon as we opened the door. Service was a bit slow, but they were really friendly. I ordered the Crazy Noodles. It was crazy good. It lacked a bit on the noodles side, but was loaded with chicken and vegetables. My friend got the Thai Fried Rice. It was perfectly spiced and loaded with chicken and vegetables. I liked hers a little better, but overall both dishes were good.Good food, really nice prices, and very friendly and prompt lunch service. What more can I ask for?Love Chabaa! Moon has crafted one of the best Thai restaurants in the city. The food is phenomenal. I myself have spent a lot of time in Thailand and it is nice to find food in the States that brings back a lot of fond memories. The Pad Thai and the Beef Special are my favorites but you can't go wrong on anything on the menu!The most wonderful Thai food I have ever had in my life!  For the first time ever, I wanted to meet the chef and thank them for the best Thai food I have ever had. Customer service was impeccable and ambience was "on point!"  Worth every penny. Don't miss out!  I can't wait to come back again and again!  Oh...and the bathroom is outstanding---clean.I love Thai food! 4 years ago I worked at a little Thai place in Ohio called Thai Gourmet and the food was wonderful! I had not had Thia yet in this City so a few weeks ago some friends and I decided to BYO there. We hang out every Thursday and drink lots of wine and eat delicious food and just have an amazing time! We chose to try Chabaa and were very satisfied. Their vegetarian pad thai is amazingly good! The thing was loaded with tons of edible garnish, which the edible garnish is my favorite thing ever, I love it as much as I love toast with jam or cheese! But yeah the service was good, we went  around 6 on a Thursday and they were not busy at all and we all loved the food.Really good Thai food! Love sitting outside in the summer. I usually get the duck pad Thai and it is out of this world! Can get a little pricey.I'm from out of town, but I've been here twice now.  Both times were good, but nothing extraordinary.  The last time we were there our waitress seemed to be in a bad mood and was pretty snippy with us, which caught us off guard.  Additionally, they charged us a $3 corking fee on our wine that we brought, which they gave us absolutely no warning about.  Finally, you're on your own for finding parking, which we usually end up spending $10 on.  The food is pretty good, I think sticking with Pad Thai is a safe bet, especially since there are several Pad Thai options; but I don't think I've been wowed enough to come back a third time.Definitely the best Thai place in Philadelphia. Now, this is not saying much since Philadelphia is really lacking in this area (read: 3 star), but the food is tasty. I would say a bit overpriced for the quality and portions.
I don't think this place serves straight up authentic Thai food. The food is catered towards the American taste: creamier, less spicy, more sweet. I think every dish I've tried was more on the sweet side.
The food is decent. The spring rolls are premade and brought out when you order, so you can't request alterations. The Crazy Noodle, Pad Thai, and red curry are solid.Food was excellent... spicy but not overly done...I got the spaghetti and clams great flavors! Only draw back the air was not functioning so it was hot as balls!I was helping my boyfriend move into his apartment last summer. We were hot, tired, sweaty, and craving thai. We called up Chabaa Thai Bistro to order some food to go. 
Now most Thai places in the city are relatively inexpensive and we figured this would follow suit. Oh my, how wrong we were! $40 later we were eating our two entrees that were good, but not GREAT for the price. 
I would like to go back and actually sit in the restaurant for a meal since people seem to fancy it. I'll give them a second try, but must forewarn people that this is not a good option for Thai takeout.Top Pad Thai in the city due mostly to diversity of Pad Thai novelty dishes. Great atmosphere for a good eat-in experience. I wish I tried the Tom Kha soup but the entree was so damn expensive for a lunchtime meal. The service was top notch. A little expensive but worth trying.This tiny bistro located on Main St In Manyunk is a great find. Chabaa has a traditional Thai menu with favorites like Panang Curry and Pad Thai. Often they have unique specials that offer variates of Thai cuisine. The restaurant itself is quaint and the seating is comfortable. There staff is very polite and helpful, and the service is very good. They provide large portion entrees and the food is delicious.I was in Thailand for two weeks a couple years ago, and nothing I've had since has compared. 
This did. 
Appetizers: 
Delicious spring rolls. Crispy, not oily. Friends soup appetizer was awesome as well.
Dinner: 
I had the Gaeng Dang red curry with chicken. Absolutely incredible. 
The coconut milk cut through in the soup like it hasn't since Thailand. Tender chicken. I ordered the "hot", and it was spicy but I wasn't blown away. Could've been spicier.
I highly recommend it for Thai, and I'll be trying the pad thai next time so wait for an update.Since moving to Manayunk from out of state, I received several recommendations about how great this place is - even one from a random guy at a bar in the Art Museum area. When my boyfriend came into town, he was craving Thai food, so I figured we should try it for lunch, since we were already walking along Main Street. 
I knew this place was on the pricier side for dinner (as are most places in Manayunk, I have learned), but after reviewing the specials chalkboard on the sidewalk outside, which featured some mouthwatering descriptions with prices of $8-12, I assumed that they had a separate lunch menu with correspondingly lower prices and smaller portions.  I was wrong... What we had read on the chalkboard were their appetizer specials, and the lunch menu was the exact same as the dinner menu. 
I did like the atmosphere. We were seated in the front part of the first floor, which was a small, but cozy area with a few tables. There is an upper level, which I would like to have seen, but since it was lunch time and there were few guests, that area was not open. The bench seat was comfortable and had cute throw pillows that complemented the sheer fabrics hanging from the exposed rafters above. It evoked the feeling of sitting cross legged at a low table without actually sitting on the floor. 
I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai ($17), and he ordered the Green Curry Chicken ($15), requesting the hottest spice level, since he is a huge hot foods fan. He also asked that they bring some of their house hot sauce for an added kick. All they brought out for him were hot pepper flakes prior to the meal. Really, this isn't a pizza parlor! (A guy at a table beside us got some, so they likely forgot to bring it for him...)
The presentation of my pad thai was beautiful but, in my opinion, overdone. There was a mountain of garnish in the corner of the plate, including several types of herbs, beets, mango, an orchid, peanut crumbles, etc. There was a lime underneath it all, which I would like to have used had I found it earlier. (An aside on the orchid - no one ever seems to eat these, despite the fact that they are edible, and having worked in restaurants throughout college, I know these are not cheap and are likely adding to the overall cost of the entree. I would rather do without it and pay a couple dollars less...) The pad thai was good, but I have had better. In Charlotte, NC where I moved from, there was a restaurant called Jade that prepared theirs nearly the same way (more Americanized, since more authentic pad thai dishes have a more reddish sauce), less all the useless garnish, with the same sized portion for $7 at lunch and only $9 at dinner. For $15, I was disappointed in the amount of chicken that they gave, feeling like they used more tofu as a filler. Also, the chicken was dry. For being a signature dish, I would expect the chicken to be moist and perfectly cooked. 
My boyfriend's green curry was served in a large bowl with a tiny side of rice. I would have expected them to offer more rice, maybe like a 2-3:1 (dish:rice) proportion, instead of the 4-5:1 that they actually gave. He said his dish was good, but I didn't try more than a tiny taste because of the heat. At an authentic Thai restaurant, the hottest spice level would have made him break a sweat. This dish just didn't do anything for him in that regard.
Overall, I think all the positive recommendations that I got for this place inflated my expectations, and I was let down. Yes, the food is good, but not amazing or mind blowing. When you factor in the price you are paying for average food, it really is not worth it. 
I'm excited to try Phu Fha's on the corner of Leverington and Ridge next. Better Yelp rating (4 1/2 stars) and much more reasonable prices!Ordered takeout pad Thai with chicken and tom kah soup. The lady at the pick up counter was very friendly and nice. The pad Thai was great. Large portion and even nice presentation for take out. It had a great flavor to it. I would have loved more bean sprouts in it for an extra crunch though. The tom kah soup was okay. It was very creamy with not much kick to it. I like to really taste the hot and sour aspect of the tom kah and then having the creamy coconut to balance it out, with this I just really only tasted the coconut milk. I had to add hot sauce of my own to give it some flavor. Could have just been an off day. Overall it was good, I would definitely order the pad thai again and maybe give the tom kah soup one more chance. I will have to try some other stuff on their menu since everything looks great. One big downside is that it is pretty pricey compared to any other Thai place I had been to.This is one of the restaurants in my thai triumvirate (Thai Orchid, Nadia, Chabaa), for good reason.  They really try to offer Thai dishes that are dfferent from just the usual standards.  The green curry is very spicy and quite good, and the scallop pad thai is perfectly seasoned with fresh giant scallops.  This is also the only place in the area where you can get duck and scallop pad thai.  I also love the Po Tek or seafood hot pot, which is cooked in a great basil and chilli flavored broth.  The sai grog appetizer is a great blend of lemongrass, pork, and other spices that will provide your palate with a nice change from tulip dumplings.  Finish off with the coconut ice cream (so deliciously creamy) or mango sticky rice. 
The service is decent, but nothing to rave about.  However, the food makes up for that.One of my Manayunk favorites.  Always favor BYOB and this one does it right.  I am a repeat customer and rarely order the same food - never leave disappointed.  Cannot go wrong with any of their Pad Thai, though!  Service is always good and overly attentive.  They take reservation, and I have never had to wait a minute when I call ahead.I picked up pad thai with chicken for lunch here after reading the mostly positive reviews.  At $10 it wasn't as pricey as the dinner menu so I figured I'd try it.  
It was just okay...not very flavorful at all.  I'm used to pad thai tasting more peanut-y and this really didn't taste like much.  It wasn't so awful that I wouldn't try something else there, but I definitely won't be springing for a $20-something entree based on this meal.I wandered down main street Manayunk on a nice fall Friday afternoon in search of a good meal and pleasant atmosphere for a lunch date.  Once I decided on Chabaa, I was not disappointed.  
They began by hitting on the little things, such as a friendly greeting and clean environment, continued to elevate things by taking the time to explain and answer questions, and locked up a solid rating with a great meal.
While I cannot say it was the best Thai I've ever had, it was well prepared, fairly priced, and did not leave me wanting more.  The coconut ice cream, served in a coconut, was a nice dessert to share.There is a very large selection of pad thai flavors that peaked my interest.  The presentation of the food is worth 5 stars.  The food is great.  I did deduct a star for the prices and the closeness of the tables that causes you to hear several other conversations while eating.  The service is attentive.I went back to Chabaa Thai a couple months ago after not eating there for over a year and was happy to find that the food was just as great as the last time I ate there.  They have a great selection of very flavorful Thai dishes with some good vegetarian options and to top it off it is BYO.  This is one of my favorite restaurants in Manayunk and has never disappointed over several years of eating here :)I've been to Chabaa time and time again and never disappointed. The Panang Curry is delicious and always a great choice. The restaurant located on Main Street in Manyunk  close to all the popular bars and night life on that strip. Chabaa is a great place to eat before you head out with your friends but dont forget to stop at the Wine and Spirits on the way into Manyunk because Chabaa is BYOB!Came here for dinner and the service was horrible! The food may have been good but it's not worth the wait. Do not come if you do not have 2 hrs to wait for your meal and never being able to find your server when things are needed. We had a party of 5 and they tried to charge us 20% gratuity on our bill when it clearly states in the menu an 18% on a party if 6 or  more. So, do not come here and it's really not worth it.I have been here 30+ times and its always good.  The pad thai and panang curry are two of my favorites.  Not a huge fan of the appetizers but the entrees are quality.  Highly recommendI love this place.  I have been on dates, dinners with friends and have given gift certificates there....everyone that I recommend this place to---loves it!
Most times I get the Scallop Pad Thai....but have tried numerous other  entrees as well!  I never have a bad experience!  I can not wait to try their new restaurant-Mango Moon (down the street on Main St in Manayunk)Good Thai place but a little pricey.
My wife, a friend and I went there because of its good rep after Deke's BBQ wasn't opening for two more hours on a Saturday.
We started with scallops (a special) and the sampler. The sampler was fine, I especially loved the chili sauce that came with it. The scallops had a great grilled taste and a sauce that was so good I dipped the carrot garnish in it . They were a little expensive at $9 for three (albeit rather big) scallops.
I had the crazy noodles, mildly spiced, with shrimp. A fantastic dish. Very savory. Chow fun noodles, peppers, mushrooms, a great sauce. It really worked. I had a few mushrooms off my wife's pad-Thai. They could have been an appetizer onto themselves. They tasted almost like they had been cooked in a pizza oven. Just delicious. 
I also finished my wife's pad-Thai which was great but any good Thai restaurant has to master that dish.
All told, good food, just be prepared to pay.Since relocating from NYC some time ago I have been on the hunt for a quality Thai place. Finally, I found this one. My crew and I sampled the green curry, panang curry, tom yum soup, spring rolls and pad thai. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. The curry sauce is super creamy - I could really taste the coconut in the sauce. Plus, it's a very nice, airy space with lots of comfy places to sit. I have noticed that some people commented that the service here needs improvement. That was not my experience at all. I have been twice and both times the service was fast (but not so fast that I felt like I was being rushed out the door) and attentive. I will definitely go back.Clarification - not closed, temporarily merged with their sister restaurant down the street at 4255 until their new location is renovated.I would defintely recommend Chabaa - especially for great friends to enjoy great food!  My girlfriends and I meet here often for dinner and a bottle or two of wine to catch up.  We are always completely satisfied with the meal (the portions are huge and we always have left overs for later) and the service has always been great!My favorite spot in Manayunk and my favorite Thai place in the city!  I have been a patron since it opened and every experience has been stellar.  The food is exotic, comes out timely and hot, the proportions are good, the service always friendly and their fresh spring rolls are the best I have had!  (reserve them if you're going late because they often sell out)  On top of the BYOB you leave happy with what you paid for.  I rarely write reviews but went their the other night and the food was so good  I just had to!Didn't love it. There is cheaper and better Thai food in University City.  Also a corkage fee for BYOB- really?Went for the first time on a Monday night. Excellent! Peaceful atmosphere, great service, BYOB, great food. I shared the seafood hot pot soup for two and it was delicious. Desert was homemade coconut ice cream over chocolate mousse cake. Can't go wrong there! The whole thing was a great experience and I hope to go back again soon! They are available to eat in or take out. I'm almost glad they don't deliver - otherwise I might be ordering from them every night!I initially decided to come because of all the great reviews on Yelp and they proved to be spot on. I would recommend making a reservation on weekends. This place has a really great atmosphere! It was the first thing i noticed when i stepped inside, a perfect date spot.           The food was really good and fairly priced. The place is BYOB! the waiter was quick, courteous, iced our wine right away. We ordered the Summer rolls, a Pad thai, and Crazy noodled (reallly good). Altogether it came to a little more than $40 with tax and tip. I went on Valentines Day and they gave us a free dessert :)Chabaa Thai has now become part of Yanako at 4255 Main Street, supposedly temporarily. The food remains the same, as do the prices which were fairly high to begin with. The decor is of course different, but Yanako is quite pleasant in itself; and the fact that you can order from both menus is a huge bonus. The service seems about the same, which is 'good' to 'very good', but no better; and the only difference I see (and I might have just missed it at the original location) is that now there's a $3 per bottle service charge for B.Y.O.B. - which will keep me away.Very good food. Great atmosphere and restaurant design. Very good and fast service. Very reasonably priced. Would go again for sure.I used to really love this place when it was a whole in the wall and was excited to see it anew.  The staff was amazing as always and the new space is beautiful. Sadly, the entree's have lost the intensity of flavor and feel like where substituted by the sugar and salt. I say this not to bash the establishment but really encourage them not to cater to the "American" palette with sugar and salt- we Americans want more.  The fall special mussels were excellent- in fact they were perfect and without flaw or fault. The broth was perfectly flavorful without feeling salt laden.  And the coconut custard is to die for.Very solid and delicious.  This restaurant is BYOB which is cool.  For some reason I did not mind running down the street to get a 6 pack.
Everything on the menu is good.  You can't go wrong with anything.  Order a lot and spend some time there.  The location is wonderful and make sure you call ahead for reservations.Always my go to for pick up when I'm rushing after work! Really good quality food. The tofu is so soft and moist! All the noodle dishes are wonderful and the tumeric pineapple fried rice is incredible, love the sweet savory!! Also my go to for lunch, the banh mi's are great and their build your own soup on the binto side are great (rich broths).I really wish that I could give Chabaa 6 stars, but alas, I cannot.  Chabaa is hands down the best Thai restaurant I've ever been to and not only that, the best restaurant in Manayunk.  I have literally brought all of my close friends there multiple times and have staged my last two birthday party dinners there.  The food is absolutely amazing, the staff are all very accommodating and friendly and the prices are very reasonable.  On top of all that, it's BYOB so you save a ton of money on drinks.  You will LOVE this place!This is the best Thai food in the city! The service was great as well. Get the crispy duck pad thai and seafood curry. The prices might seem higher than a typical thai place, but its well worth it. The prawns were 5 inches long and the curry came with big pieces of scallop. This is the first place I ordered curry that came with more seafood than curry. Keep up the good job Chabaa Thai Bistro!Another one of my favorite spots in the Yunk! I've been here quite a few times and have never been disappointed. The decor is classy yet relaxed. The menu choices are great, especially the vegetarian selection. I've never had a bad meal here and always try to get something different when I stop in. Most recent visit was the crazy noodles which had the perfect amount of kick for me, simply delicious! Great BYOB spot to bring a nice bottle in with you. Servers are quick and attentive as well. Great spot, great food, definitely recommend this place!Sad face...this place has gone downhill. Perhaps the owner is too focused on his newer project, MangoMoon? 
I'm a bit of a miser when it comes to Thai food in Philly. We have such great ethnic cuisine, but the Thai offerings don't compare to the amazing Vietnamese or Korean joints. Regardless, I stumbled into Chabaa Thai with a friend from out of town one summer night in 2006, and we had the most glorious meal. I remember saffron-infused rice, delicious basil, and pretty paper lamps. 
I made my way back to Chabaa Thai a little while ago and was underwhelmed. The snazzy decor I remembered appeared chintzy and lackluster. Maybe it's just because I'm 4 years older, or maybe they haven't changed the decor in 4 years? 
I got the tofu tom yum soup to start. The broth was tasty, but the veggies didn't mesh well and there were way too many onions. DC got the garden salad, which was ENORMOUS, but in an awkwardly shaped bowl with thick dressing. 
For dinner, I ordered the seafood pad kraprao. Nothing stellar to report- the seafood was limp, the sauce a bit cloying, and there were no veggies. DC got the crab pad thai which was easily the best dish of the evening. It was well-seasoned and the noodles were perfectly cooked. 
If I find myself in Manayunk, I would go back to Chabaa for its pad thai and rice dishes. But I'm not going to make a special trip out of my way, especially when Cafe de Laos is so close and so good.Nice food, great wait staff and cute atmosphere 
BYOB
Next door they sell take out type food as wellI had high expectations for Chabaa after hearing great things. We started with the Satay Chicken and enjoyed the tender meat on the four skewers. I ordered the Gaeng Keaw Wan (Green Curry) with Chicken and, while I liked the flavor, found that the curry a little too thick and that there were not as many vegetables as I would have liked. I got to sample the Gaeng Dang (Red Curry) and the Pad Krapao (Spicy Basil), both of which were good. Across all dishes, there was a distinct spice level that some people might find too strong. We finished dinner with a Chocolate Mousse to go, which was good, but not amazing. Overall, it's a good spot for a meal if you're in Manayunk, but not worth a special trip from Center City in my opinion.Consistently okay. I actually order from here quite often and every time I basically regret it- there's just no good thai places around here. I've tried most of their curries, soups, as well as the crazy noodles. I like the green curry but they tend to put in entire vegetables (whole broccoli heads) instead of cutting them smaller which kinda ruins it for me. Also, their dishes are inconsistently spiced in that sometimes when I receive it it's very spicy (yum) yet other times there will be no spice at all. Mostly your average thai food that is significantly overpriced.Good food but a little overpriced.they charge u 3 bucks for a little bowl of ride which prob cost them 1 cent. I would give it 4 stars but the 3 dollar bowl of rice took away from the overall experienceFood and service was great. Was not a fan of the BYOB but the food made up for the inconvenience.