I've been looking for a restaurant in my neighborhood that doesn't serve the same old food and this is it, I found it! This restaurant is reasonably priced for how good the food is. It's a relaxed environment with comfortable chairs. I had the classico ceviche, it was fresh and zesty. I also got the classic pisco and the sweetness really paired well with the sourness of the ceviche. I also got the appetizer Causa Tasting Trio and it was delicious. I went to a Peruvian restaurant in old city and it was twice the price, but not as good. My boyfriend and I want to visit Peru after coming here.What a find! Feels like vacation in Northern Liberties. Friendly staff makes you feel so welcome when you walk in - taking you through the menu and making great recommendations. 
Palomas are a must try - but the bar menu is incredibly fresh with garnishes of fruit and fresh juice that only enhance the spirits. Ceviche mixto was a large portion - included whitefish, shrimp, octopus, calamari and accompaniments (red onion, sweet potato, fried corn kernels )
Ambiance is friendly - came here on Salsa night before it began - music and crowd still made it seem like a party. Will be coming back soon!I have driven past this restaurant on numerous of occasions and decided to take a good friend of mine out while she was visiting the Philadelphia. I was dying to try this ceviche because that is what is advertised on the marquee. So then I was told by the waitress who was a sweetheart that this ceviche is more so an appetizer which I found to be quite interesting and priced at $17. The taste was horrible. My appetizer was delicious but as someone mentioned below it came out at the same time as the entree.The waitress kept apologizing for the behavior of the kitchen. The best item on my plate happened to be the appetizer which was this spicy sausage served with French fries that we really enjoyed. I feel like this was a gentrified take of  Peruvian  food. I should have known better and have just gone to a restaurant that was  authentic.Love this place. I ordered the half chicken, but should have gotten the whole damn thing. The Ceviche was amazing. Mojitos were incredible.Service :
We came for lunch, there was only 3 tables but the service was slow and the server was not attentive. Not saying we want to be asked how everything was every 5 mins but I asked what the soup of the day was and for hot sauce a few times... didn't get either. 
Food:
The ceviche and soup were good but our main courses were very salty.Best peruvian i ever had coming from a peruano... All seafood and carne seco best food ever. Worth every penny deserts best also. Bring props to chief juan thnx for celebrating my aunt juana birthday.I love Chalaco's Ceviche & Pisco Bar!  The seafood is fresh and delicious. The cocktails are amazing. Craving the pisco sour and ceviche as I write this.... also the fish soup!  So full of flavor and warming, with just the right amount of spice. 
Our bartender was delightfully proficient and designed a specialty cocktail for us that was delicious.  I'm new to Pisco and I LOVE IT!  I get so bored with conventional liquors, (and foods) so I'm SO grateful for a new and inspired dining experience. 
I love the atmosphere at Chalaco's as well.  Very chill.  Comfortable seating, atmospheric lighting, nice space between the tables.  I love the food here but I would come for the drinks and the atmosphere alone.  
I don't usually like TVs in a restaurant but these were tastefully placed and my beloved appreciated that the World Cup was being aired someplace comfortable and cool. Sports bars aren't his thing. 
We also just learned that they are offering Latin night on Saturdays...so excited about this too!  
So happy this spot opened.  My favorite new spot. NoLibs was really in need of a fun, new restaurant.
**Updating after reading some negative reviews. If you are on the fence about whether not to visit this restaurant, just go. It seems a lot has changed since they first opened. NoLibs really needs a cool lounge type restaurant, and this place has a lot of potential.I have been holding my breath and have visited 3 times before writing this review (dinner, apps & drinks at bar and lunch).   Holding my breath because I wanted to have my "go to" place in Philly where I know they will consistently make flavorful and authentic Peruvian dishes.  If you know a Peruvian, you are probably sick of hearing them talk about food.  We are sort of particular about what we eat as we've grown up on such a unique variety and mix of flavors. And here in the US, we look for this.
This review is only for the ceviche, causa and the bar.  The ceviche is excellent.  I have to say best in the city and, believe me, I've tried them all.  The fish was fresh, cut nicely and perfectly seasoned. There are various ways to make ceviche.  Sardi's also makes it fresh and tasty but overall Chalaco's is superior because of the Leche the Tigre.  That is the juice of the ceviche.  Some chef's actually blend up some of the ceviche they've made and add this mix on top of your dish.  If I had to introduce someone to our cuisine, Chalaco's ceviche is what I would have them taste.
Have also ordered the causa.  You know it's good by just tasting the potato first.  It needs to be sufficiently seasoned and should have a moist, lemony and spicy flavor. Chalaco's again came through with their rendition.
I've tried their Pisco Sours and they've made me a Chicha Sour (although I don't think it's on their menu).  They don't skimp on their Pisco and the drinks were very tasty and nicely presented.
Have also tried the seco (very nice), lomo saltado (good) and pasta verde (meh - meat was not tender and it's not your traditional tallarines verdes).  We also had the lucuma ice cream which you must have.  Delicious and the nice portion (three small scoops) was served with a side of whipped cream and blueberries.  
Lastly, the service.  When they first opened, staff was different and they were stumbling.  On our subsequent visits, we've had very attentive wait staff who know the menu and are courteous.  Tending the bar is a seasoned guy who could whip up anything you fancy (with a smile)!
I will update as I get through the rest of the menu.  For now, ¡Salúd!  (And excuse me while I finally breathe).This place could be really great. COULD be. The restaurant and bar are decorated nicely. The waitstaff were pretty attentive, though we had to ask for napkins because they were not provided with our utensils. The food was very below average for the price. The ceviche was good, not amazing. The paella was basically just underseasoned rice with some peas and the tiniest shrimp, 2 mussels, and a few calamari rings. I was very disappointed to have paid $18 for. We also ordered a pisco...which was just okay. The appetizer trio was underseasoned and tiny for the price. I wanted this place to be good. I really did. But it just fell short. We paid too much and left unsatisfied.Great drinks, delicious food, extremely friendly staff-it's a nice restaurant that gives you your neighbors bar friendly service. You would not be disappointed whether you are coming here for a summer evening drink, a date night dinner or the fun salsa dance nights on the weekends!Came for happy hour. The drinks are very generous and delicious. The happy hour food menu is great as well-had the ceviche, tacos,choclos and would recommend all of them. We will definitely come back!The ceviche was great, and they can customize the level of spiciness.
They clear a dance floor space every Saturday night, and the DJ plays some of the best salsa, bachata and reggaeton around.
The variety of drinks they can make with piscos is un-ending, so get ready to enjoy their experimental creations!Visited Chalaco's yesterday with a friend after seeing a new spot was opening in NoLibs a few months back. The staff was really friendly and answered my many questions about the menu. Our server gave great recommendations and we were very pleased with our meal. 
Appetizer - Causa trio: 3 small mashed potato mounds topped with shrimp, chicken and octopus. The shrimp and octopus ones were amazing. The chicken one tasted like deli chicken salad on mashed potatoes. It felt out of place from the rest of the dish. 
Mixed Ceviche - Only good things to say here! The portion was large, the fish and seafood was very fresh and the flavors blended very well. I loved the addition of the sweet potato, it gave a great added texture and flavor to the dish. Highly recommend this dish to anyone. 
Lomo Saltado - Really great rich beefy flavors that were a great third course to our meal. It was fulfilling and satisfying and we loved the fries that came with the dish. The side of rice was great to soak up the sauce, although we wish we had a bit more rice. 
Arroz con Leche - Really great dessert with coconut and raisins. It was a great ending to our meal and wasn't too sweet. 
We loved it here and I already can't wait to come back and try some of the other dishes!We thoroughly enjoyed our experience here.  Our server was friendly and knowledgeable.  We ordered a pisco sour and a Paloma.  Both cocktails were refreshing on a hot day. Classic ceviche and causas first...both delicious.  The ceviche was fresh and wonderful.  We split the salmon entree and it was sooo good, sauce was perfect...the shrimp on top were huge.  The chef came out to check on the tables and say hello.  Highly recommend.  Tell all your friends to come support this place!Came here with low expectations - a Peruvian friend of mine told me the food was eh and portion sizes were too small for the price paid. Unfortunately, I decided to check it out anyway.
I came here with my boyfriend for a late dinner. We waited over a half hour to have our order taken, as we watched our waitress take the orders of two tables that came in after us. An hour passed by between the time we entered the restaurant and were served our food - and there were very few customers in the restaurant.
Instead of being served our appetizers before our entrees, the apps were brought out at the same time, making the food cold by the time we could get to it. Very poor customer service.
I had the Peruvian chicken, which came out very dry. My boyfriend had the mussels, which he enjoyed. I also had the mango amarillo drink, which was delicious. (Only reasons this review is not 1 star)
I asked for a pinot grigio and was told that they had no white wine, only red (at a seafood restaurant!).
Overall, it was a negative experience, and I will not be back.Came here for dinner being a fan of Peruvian food. Service was good but that's where it ends. The menu doesn't mention cilantro but everything was covered in it and I hate it. There goes my dinner. The beef in the Lomo Saltado was massively over cooked anyway, to the point of being tough and dry. Which is too bad because the sauce was great. Finished our seafood tempura appetizer and left. So, good ambience and service, Miss on the food.As soon as I walked into this restaurant I already knew I chose to come to the right place. Our hostess was welcoming and had such a friendly smile on her face. The atmosphere was perfect exactly what I needed. The waitress we had was great! And the food even better, just so delicious! I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys trying different kinds of food. I definitely plan on coming back again soon! Hope this helped anyone out there! :)Amazing new Peruvian spot in northern liberties.  Really brings back memories of Lima and Cusco.  Very much enjoyed the flavors of the tiradito ceviche and the causa trio was delicious.  Our group of 7 ordered a slew of entrees and was not disappointed with any of them.  Definite stand outs were the tacu tacu and grilled octopus dishes.  Peruvian chicken was very good and a whole order can easily satisfy 3 people.  Pisco sour was also delicious.  Service was very friendly.  We all agreed we would be coming back soon.My husband and I were so excited to try this restaurant because we love Peruvian food but have yet to find our go-to place in the city. We went right when they opened and honestly had a mediocre experience. The food was salty, the ceviche had a strange flavor, and it seemed like they were still working out some kinks.  
Today, we decided to go back on a whim because I had a craving for ceviche. We had not realized that they had changed the chef not too long ago, but we did notice that the ceviche this time was mouth-wateringly delicious. We ordered the lomo saltado (a favorite dish for my husband). This was the dish that was overly salty last time, but this time the sauce was just right. We soaked everything we could in it. The service was so great, our waiter was friendly and attentive. The chef came out and that's when we learned they had changed the menu and chef. It is very clear that the chef is passionate about what he does and the food he serves. We will absolutely be back and hope this restaurants stays in our neighborhood.Went on a date night with my husband and had a very nice time. Friendly staff and amazing food and drinks. I will definitely be back to try other dishes and drinks. I will recommend to family and friendsThanks to Chalaco's ceviche is my current addiction. The ceviche (Mixto) and the Mojitos were amazing. I think I'll have the ceviche for lunch every day until I'm sick of it. Yes it's that good and they give u a lot. The atmosphere is nice to. Your welcomeAttended a private event and thought that everything was great from the food, the pismo's and the service. In fact the service was fantastic -- prompt, pleasant, and knowledgeable of the menu. I was fortunate to try am sampling of the menu and found each item to be fresh, creative, and flavorful. We had mussels, fried cheese, ceviche, and the Andean potato and octopus dish. Looking forward to coming back with my wife for great, authentic Peruvian cuisine and fantastic service from Sydney, Kelly, and the rest of the staff.  Parking is a challenge if you are out of area, so I suggest an Uber or parking at the Acme. PS I am not affiliated with the restaurant nor do I have any connections to it.Fantastic! Very flavorful and fresh. The drinks were awesome. Service was top notch. They have salsa dancing on certain nights as well.Disappointing experience at Chalacos. I was very excited about this place and upon entering I was pleased with the atmosphere. I really liked the hard rock music playing but was a bit surprised at the choice of music as this music does not appeal to most folks. Our server was friendly and apologized multiple times for the wait time. The prices were a bit high but it wasn't an issue until seeing how small the portion sizes were. Appetizers were tiny and the main course was as well. I got the Lomo Saltado for my main dish and the meat was extremely rare and very difficult to chew. They gave me the tiniest amount of rice I have ever seen a restaurant serve, about 3 forkfuls and it was finished. My friend got the chicken drumstick and the inside was completely pink. The waiter apologized but came back and insisted that it was cooked.  My friend just sent it back and said that he no longer wanted it, as he was not comfortable eating pink chicken. They still charged him for it. Clearly this place is all about profit and doesn't care about customer satisfaction. Would not come back here nor would I recommend going here.Came here for some good Peruvian food.  The server was nice enough but I saw her spend a lot of time hanging at the bar checking out her phone.  I enjoyed my mango amarillo cocktail which was a blend of sweet mango and bite of ginger.  The anticuchos were small bits of meat and a little dry.  The causa was cute bites with a hint of lemon in the mashed potatoes.  The grilled octopus was charred a little too much on high heat to cook it properly.  I also didn't care for the purple sauce that accompanied it as it was overwhelming with olive flavor.  The fried yuca came out rather late in the meal as I had to check up on it and it came just in time for us to pack up the remaining food to take home.The hubs and I thought it might be fun to try something new so we came to Chalaco's and we weren't disappointed. We ordered the mixed ceviche, salchi papa power and the pasta verde. Everything was super fresh, flavorful and delicious. Also would recommend the mango amarillo-yum!The causa, lomo saltado & anticuchos were excepcional!  However the chaufa & ceviche were extremely disappointing.  I've been here three times and twice the ceviche has been pretty bad.,.  it had cinnamon in it which is big NO.  If not for the ceviche I would give it 4 stars.    Can't be an authentic Peruvian restaurant with that type of ceviche!No longer have the $10 lunch special so walked out. I read about this place in Michael Kleins column just a few weeks ago. Thought I'd test out at lunch. I walked in at 1pm today an the place was vacant. Two guys drinking at the bar and no staff. I sat at the bar and after a few minutes I asked the 2 guys if they were open. they said "yes, she's downstairs. After 5 minutes the woman came and brought a menu. It was a dinner menu with prices in the 20s. I asked about the three course lunch. she said "we don't do it anymore". She tried to encourage me to order the one appetizer under $15 (sausages and fries with an egg on top), but that was it. So I left. Ended up next door at El Camino Real which had great pork shoulder and Texas toast for $9.00!  I'll be back there but  not not to Chalaco's especially when it's empty.The entire experience at this restaurant was wonderful. The food was delicious. I had the "ceviche mixto" and I was very surprised by the enormous portion! Everything about the dish was perfect; thinly sliced, perfectly seasoned, visually appealing and equally delicious. The chef pays attention to detail, matter a fact, the chef even visited the tables and introduced himself! (nice touch)  The ambiance is perfect for a date night or  fun for a group of friends just the same; dimly lit and very modern with music to match the style. I will definitely be back and highly suggest this establishment for anyone who enjoys a complete dining experience that touches all the senses. Parking is tough in this area, so better to Uber or Lift it there!4.5 stars. We had a great experience at Chalaco's. Service was fantastic- our waitress was so friendly and responsive- and food was amazing! Food- we had the causas trio, which was great; the ceviche mixto, which was excellent; and fish tacos for my husband and the Peruvian chicken for me. This chicken was out of this world good, and if I hadn't been massively full, I would have eaten the whole thing. My husband was encroaching on my food as well because the chicken was just a thing of beauty. Drinks- pisco traditional and margarita were just ok, and that's where I take half a star off. However, we had a second (and third) round of drinks- we had the Paloma and Mango Amarillo, and these two drinks were FANTASTIC. I recommend them highly. The chef also came out at some point to ask everyone how their food was, which was a nice touch. We'll be back!We just left Chalacos ! Very nice and inviting place. We have several plates just to try a few. We had the lomo  saltiado, octopus salad and the salmon. Everything was delicious good flavors however we pay $16 dollars for a Octopus salad that didn't have enough octopus .I had to  go through the salad to find the octopus. For the price I was not convinced. The meat dishes were AMAZING!!!! best part of everything, salmon was a little dry. Overall will come back again. 
Note: The music was a little loud and not consistent. I will put some music more according to the ambiance.Food was excellent today, met the chef. The ceviche was on point and delicious. Lomo saltado is great too, sauce is awesome.I've come to Chalaco's 2x's in one month!  I love everything from the vibe, energy of the staff & the fresh food is always prepared just right!  I have yet to have one meal that I did not enjoy & I hear that they are improving the menu in the near future.  I will most certainly be back for that! Thanks Northern Libs for this awesome addition & change of pace!Make sure to eat before you come here.  Food takes anywhere from 45min to 1 hr.  They'll keep asking you if you want more drinks in order to buy time.  It was bizarre the food took so long because they said that the ceviche was pre made so shouldn't it have been a scoop and serve?  Our waitress was super nice though and I felt bad for her since the slow food was clearly a kitchen and management problem and not her.  
Only the ceviche was really good.  Rest of the food was mediocre at best.  And keep in mind my friends and I were super hungry walking in, never mind the extra 45min wait.  Had the Chaufa rice dish which tasted like a poorly made fried rice dish with an omelette and oyster sauce on top.  Friends ordered the Lomo Saltado which was also mediocre, and tasted like something you could find at a chinese fast food joint.  The paella portion was on the smaller side and not very flavorful. The rice was also a tad undercooked.
Sorely miss the tapas place that was here before.  Not coming back unless there's either a change in management or restaurant period.Beautiful restaurant, terrific selection of drinks and very friendly service. The food however, was below average. I ordered their happy hour chicharrones chicken bites, pasta mar (the Spanish version of tagliatelle) with seafood, Lomo Saltado (stir fry beef with fries) and salchipapa (sausage and poached eggs).
First off, I do want to apologize to the owner/operator of the place. The restaurant itself was gorgeous, your staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was absolutely incredible. The food however, was horrible. Let's start with the bad before getting to the worst.
1. All of my food was luke warm, the fries were not crispy, the rice was cold and it took forever to come out. I understand fresh food takes time and I completely accept that but this was not the case, it looked like the food was finished and sat there for a while before it came to the table.
2. The pasta had very little flavor, I tasted mostly pasta water. The seafood was fresh however.
3. The beef was tender in my lomo saltado and the sauce was good but the fries were cold and the rice was very dry.
4. The salchipapa was also luke warm, same problem with fries that were not crispy. Sausage was fried and got cold so they were hard.
5. The worst offense however, was the chicharrones. I love the crunchiness in chicharrones, the unforgettable cracklings of pork or chicken skin when you bite into it. What I had here was nothing more than chicken fingers, and not the best type. I kid you not, they were legitimately just chicken fingers, the ones you get from shop-rite. My local McDonald's served better chicken fingers. Please, please do not label this as chicharrones and put it in your menu.
Final verdict: save your appetite and money and go elsewhere for food. If anything, I cannot recommend the place. This is quite unfortunate as I do think the place got a lot of charm and their plating was quite beautiful.My husband and I had dinner here for the first time. We were thrilled with the quality of the food, service and the atmosphere. Honestly, we ventured in because we walked out of El Camino next door. We have had more bad experiences at said other restaurant than we can count and finally cut the cord. We will be back to this restaurant many times. Can't wait to enjoy my leftovers for lunch tomorrow!Had the Classico/tiradito/tequeno/whole chicken. All of it was garbage. Everything was old and not fresh.The flavors were good. I was disappointed that they didn't have the sweet potato gnocchi I wanted. There were multiple dishes they didn't have. There was no drink menu, so we were reliant on the waiter who claimed they only had one red Australian wine when my daughter asked about sparkling wines. A pisco bar should have a menu of pisco drinks not just 2. They were $10 each, which I did not find out  until I got my check since there was no drink menu. The atmosphere was nice, the staff was friendly and the food was good. The service was slow and the $100 check for 2 make it hard for me to come back frequently. There are some kinks that hopefully will be worked out so that business goes well.First time here! So I called for a to go order to check out the Aje de Gallina because I loved this dish when my friends mom made it for us. They informed me that it was no longer on the menu.. I guess they changed owners but agreed to accommodate me. I was unsure what to expect but it was delicious!! It did take a little bit longer to make due to it being a special order but it was so worth the wait! I am excited to introduce my friends to this spot, and thrilled it's in my neighborhood! I would recommend this place to everyone even my friends family from Peru! :)The ceviche had too much lime juice, was overpriced, had no menu prices, horrible service and customer care,Not what you would expect on 2nd St in Northern Liberties, but to say that it was a pleasant surprise would be an understatement. The food was delicious and beautifully plated, and the chef's interaction with guests was a great touch. Chalaco's is a gem hidden in plain sight.Ver nice place, well decorated very happy and festy as a cevicheria should be but chick and elegant at the same time .Our  waiter was very helpful and well educated above the different plates. 
We went in Mother's Day, so the menu was very restricted , now I must say that I need to come back and try the rest of their menu. 
I had the Arroz con Pato ( cilantro rice and duck) it was out of this world, my  entree was causa, the flavor was good , but the consistency of the potato was a little bit watery, but the filling was delicious . 
My husband had cabrito a la norteña con tacu tacu (goat braise cooked in a way that only the northern of Peru can do it) tacu tacu is Rice with beans refríed but elevated to the N power, he wanted  to lick his plate ,of course he did not do it.  His dessert was suspiro a la limeña , was good . 
I have to talk about ceviche , this is the main dish and the reason of been of this restaurant and they will not disappoint you, their ceviche is 5 stars.
All the experience including the drinks were very good.
I would recommend this place to anyone specially Peruvians that miss our country flavors.We just recently discovered Chalaco's last month and have eaten from the restaurant 3 times since! I was born in Peru and as a fellow native, I can attest that their dishes: their ceviche, anticucho and chupe de camarones are to die for! Since we have a young child and meals out are a little difficult, we've now used the Yelp app to order our favorite dishes. Every delivery has come well prepared, well packaged and ready before the estimated time. 
But I think the most appealing part of this new restaurant is their pleasant staff. Their manager and every person we encountered on our visit was happy to be there and aimed to make our dinner a memorable one. Whether or not you're a fluent Spanish speaker - which my husband is not - everyone easily navigates between both languages.We came for a Monday night happy hour. It pains me a bit to express my disappointment because I get the impression online that the owner is creative. But the time we were able to visit may have been the owner's night off. We sat at the bar and yet it was nearly impossible to get the staff's attention. There was one other group of three at the bar, but I'm not sure whether they were actual customers or just friends of the manager. We tried the happy hour food specials, which were quite salty. Food, too, was lackluster. Had the jalea, and the fry coating was clumsily thick and chunky. With the ceviche the base was pretty much lemon juice (not lime) with little else to it if anything. 
Had only the one drink each. Might have had a second drink if we could have gotten a bartender to come by. We were charged for two drinks each even though it was a 2-for-1 happy hour and had to get the bill corrected.
Oh well, at least there are alternatives for Peruvian not too far.Exemplary service and phenomenal drinks. A little pricier but you're paying for the previous. Would highly recommend coming here. The complementary Peruvian corn nuts are delicious!We walked into this restaurant on cinco de mayo to find half the restaurant empty while the next door restaurant was overfull. That did raise my eyebrows. They didn't have my reservations but it didn't matter. We got seated. The gentleman at the next table got his check and verbalized would never come here again as their order was wrong, bill was wrong and service sucked. We got water on our table after 10 minutes. The waitress came in the next 20 minutes. Took our appetizer order- informed one item was out. Food arrived in 30 minutes. We did not have any silverware, plates, napkins. Waited another 10 minutes. The napkins were dollar store quality. 
The Cinco de mayo Homemade margarita was 3/4 filled up with ice in a dollar store pitcher. 
2 tiny beef and chicken tacos had no flavor or even meat and priced at $5. The nachos, cerviche and beef on skewers were tasteless. All items were presented on paper plates. Very tasteless presentation. The taste/flavors -Nothing to brag about. Nothing to say " wow". Nothing to say will come again. 
We decided to have entrees in better restaurants in the area. Their credit card machine was not working and we paid in cash. 
Our server was very sweet, attentive but clearly overwhelmed as it was pretty obvious there were only 2 servers present in the restaurant. 
The music was awfully loud and we could hardly hear the next person in our group. 
Overall, very unimpressive food, flavors, presentation, decor, service and restaurant. 
I have eaten peruvian food in NYC and this place is nothing compared to it and to charge prices like NYC restaurants is outrageous and a big NO. 
Will not be recommending to anyone.As a Peruvian, I went in with low expectations as most Peruvian restaurants up here in the NE tend to disappoint. I was very pleasantly surprised!!! The food was very delicious. 
Yuca huancaina is great, though the sauce didn't taste authentic, it had extra spices. But it was addictively good. The anticuchos were spot on, though a bit small in portion. The corn was standard, not Peruvian corn. But overall I recommend both dishes. 
We ordered the seafood fried rice and it was perfect. All the flavors and textures!! The lomo saltado was also excellent, but I wish they'd serve the fries mixed in, to soak up the juices. The tallarines verdes were also delicious, though I could have done without the cheese on top (I've never been served the dish in that way). 
We ate every last bite. Which is a shame because the dessert menu has a lot of favorites I've never seen outside of down south where my favorite restaurants are. 
The vibe is cool and they have Peruvian beers. Will happily return.I went for the $10 lunch in early December. My first time there. I was really curious about Peruvian cuisine.
The chef explained all the dishes and the cultural nuances of the spices. Simply said, the food was amazing! 
I took a group of 10 for dinner. Everyone was impressed, thrilled, and really satisfied! The chef again came out and explained the cuisine to all of us. 
I will go back again with another group in the near future! 
This is a restaurant not to be missed! Peruvian cuisine is amazing!I am truly in awe of Chalaco's ability to serve amazing Peruvian cuisine, while creating a hip (and inviting) environment. My family and I were visiting PA for the weekend, and we were craving Peruvian food. To our surprise, this type of food was very scarce in the downtown Philly area, and there were only 2 restaurants to pick from: Chalaco's and Vista Peru. 
Beforehand, I had been given a warning by fellow Peruvians about Vista Peru, and it was not a pretty picture: stale cancha (corn nuts), long wait times, and subpar food. Yikes.
I digress. Once we were seated, I could take everything in. Short and sweet menú that doesn't give you a headache, a large variety of drinks to choose from, and friendly waitresses. 
Now to the food: The only word I can describe my experience with is BEAUTIFUL. The kitchen took their time to make sure that the food looked the part, and the combination of flavors were also, as you know, beautiful. Our first dish got to our table within 20 minutes of ordering, and every 10 minutes our other dishes were presented. 
Friends and family of Philadelphia, don't take my advice with a grain of salt. I am Peruvian, I know what Peruvian food is supposed to taste like.
Don't do yourself an injustice, stop by Chalaco's.
You won't regret it.Amazing complex cuisine representative of Peru. I had the best grilled Octopus outside of Madrid I have ever eaten. The subtle gorgeous sauces were both aesthetically pleasing & wonderful to eat! Will be back soon... hopefully the word on this place will get out.Everything we had was amazing i have nooo idea what the one stars for this place are! We have the best meal! Loved all our dishes and sauces were amazing. Drinks were delicious and strong! We have been to other Peruvian places, this one is so good, almost like a Japanese influenceWe have been eyeing the people who replaced the NoLib staple (BF) and they exceeded our expectations.  Friendly staff, fun drinks and fancy yet delightful bites. I may make this our summer 2018 go to!!!!!
Great balance of spice and flavor with a neighborhood bar feel minus the "noise".Less than 6mos old but already 5* Service. 5* Plating. 5* Freshness. 5* Delish. 5* Owner/Chef.I LOVE Peruvian food and was always bummed Philly doesn't have many Peruvian restaurants.  I saw this restaurant opened in NoLibs on Postmates and ordered last week, however we never got our food.  
We swung by the restaurant yesterday afternoon, however the restaurant wasn't open despite their posted hours reflecting they were supposed to be open.  We ended up going to Vista Peru and loved it.
The only problem was, we were now craving Peruvian food.  
Tonight we decided to give Postmates another shot, and actually received our order!  However, the food was a huge miss.  We both got the Lomo Saltado and ceviche classic.  Both were subpar.  The lomo was overcooked and tough despite requesting medium rare, it was in a thick brown gravy that tasted like powdered gravy, there were no tomatoes and only a handful of onions slivers.  The sauce is my favorite part of the dish so it was really disappointing.  The ceviche was mediocre.  The fish warm, tough and a bit too salty.  The sweet potato was a brick.  
We were really looking forward to having a spot to grab lomo in the neighborhood as we really loved Bar Ferdinand, but unfortunately we won't be returning.My friend and I were trying to find a place for a drink and a quick bite to eat this past Saturday. Considering it was 75 and everyone wanted to sit outside we thought it would be nearly impossible as we passed by Dos Segunos, El Camino and it was PACKED. My friend suggested here as we both never tried and vowed to try new places instead of always going to our go to's. After all you never know what you like until you try it right?
We requested to sit outside and just like that we were seated immediately. We both had the Pisco sours and it's basically very similar to a margarita but I'd have to say it's even better! All the drinks we had were made to perfection, might have to make my way here for happy hour soon.
The avocado salad with chicken my friend got was huge and definitely worth it. It's basically a whole half chicken and a whole avocado. They definitely did not skimp out. I had one of the octopus apps and it was great too! The staff was amazing and our waitress was more than helpful. Can't wait to try out the menu when I can have more to eat!This is not your typical pervivan joint. This is an upscale, fine dinning pervivan restaurant.  Dishes are well executed, Yuki, the chef has talent! The menu has a selection of Peru's all time favorites. Service is friendly and the place is impecable, it has a nice lounge area perfect for happy hour and friends gatherings. Will be coming back!My friend and I came to Chalaco's tonight (Wednesday) and had such an amazing time! They have an extensive happy hour food menu, with everything from ceviche to chicken to tacos, all with a fun Peruvian spin. The best part, however, was the service from the bartender. He helped guide us through the menu, making amazing suggestions. His service was impeccable, and he made the best mojito either of us has ever had. He was attentive to every bar guest, and we never waited for service or had to ask for his attention. We will be back to try more food as long as we can have the same bartender again! Kudos to Chalaco's for great food and incredible staff.A really good Peruvian restaurant and bar has come to Northern Liberties.  Taking over the space of the well-loved Bar Ferdinand (I wonder what happened to that great Ferdinand the Bull mosaic?) this Peruvian gem has settled in nicely.  Peruvian is one of the in-cuisines right now in foodie cities around the globe and this Callao inspired drinking and eating emporium fits right in.
A trio of Causas to begin the meal were the bomb.  Each one was so delicately flavored with strands of tastes like chicken-quinoa, octopus-enokitake, and Amazon sweet drop peppers, I didn't really want to share them.
The main courses were just as good.  My chifa dish of Chaufa was perfectly balanced and flavorful to the last forkful.  The tacu-tacu is beautifully presented but be aware that It is served with beef which is not stated on the menu.  The Peruvian chicken was as succulent as any I have ever tasted.
Service by the new bartender/waiter Antonio was totally great - adding a most friendly and helpful enhancement to the meal.  My only tip to the restaurant would be to just be careful not to have the music blasting too loud.  I know the loud music helps create a buzz and adds to the atmosphere but I still want to be able to talk to the people across the table from me!  Anyway, def hit up Chalaco's in No Libs for a few trendy but still awesome Peruvian eats ... and of course to drink some Pisco!Please save your time and do not go. Service was so bad. The Food was gross and served in a paper take out box. When I told server about my concerns she said it was her last day.   She had not been paid in weeks.This place is the hidden treasure of Northen Liberties! Whenever I walk by, it always looked super nice. It was never busy while the places around it were always packed, so I never thought to go. I actually ended up having dinner here because a nearby place was too packed and too loud, and it was the best thing that happened! 
This place is AMAZING! The food is insanely delicious and the drinks are just right! I am mad that I haven't gone sooner. The only negative is that the sevice was slow. We weren't in any rush, though, so it didn't matter to us. 
This place is soooooo worth it!As a Peruvian who knows her food I can assure you that this is the best option in Philadelphia. Food is neatly prepare and restaurant staff is amazing. Do
Do you want to try food Peruvian food? Go there!I live in the neighborhood and have been a few times and tried several dishes and cocktails. The Lomo Saltado and the Macho Salmon were both excellent. My favorite ceviche is the Mixto. I never had pisco before but have taken a liking to the pisco sour. The interior design has a bit of an identity crisis, but the food is quite good. There are a few outside tables on Liberties Walk that are good for people watching.Firstly, there should be an option for no stars, because this place demands it. 
The only reason this place has 3 stars is because the owners have maliciously posted nearly all of the posts, that's called cheating. The quality of the food is poor, the prices are outrageous, and the drinks suck. The service is not bad, but still... 
When I went in I ordered a ceviche with a pisco sour. What I got was a plate with paper thin slices of white fish that had absolutely no flavor, I was expecting thick chunks of fish.. The pisco sour seemed off, I'm almost sure they're using bottom shelf vodka instead of pisco, you can tell. The whole thing cost me more than $30 and I was still hungry. I will never go back.Soooo good! The drinks are fairly priced an enormous- my mango amarillo was the size of one of those novelty cups they serve at amusement parks. The casua trio appetizer was delicious and had a lot of different flavors. I had the ceviche clasico, which I asked for non-spicy, and they delivered. The ceviche was perfect- served with lots of corn and sweet potato. There was so much fish I almost couldn't finish it. My boyfriend got the ceviche mixto, extra spicy, and he also really enjoyed it. My one and only gripe is that I felt they didn't serve enough yucca fries for the price, but the giant pile of ceviche makes up for it. Our service was quick and attentive. Great experience all around.The hostess & waitress were very nice, as was the ambience, the layout & the cool chalk walls. I am not sure if it were just us, but our taste buds didn't really jive with the cuisine. The food didn't really have any flavoring. The chicken was pretty bland and the salmon with shrimps needed something to make it pop. Like I said, the drinks were good but the food just wasn't compatible with our taste buds. Great service and atmosphere though.This place... let me tell you! Excellent service and their ceviche selections are superb. Their sashimi quality was very good for ceviches. And the service was over the top, I was honored to talked with the chef and the manager. I will come again, i haven't had a good ceviche since my Miami trip!Finally tired this place and what a disappointment, I knew something was fishy when there was only 1 person eating in the restaurant and the restaurant next door was packed. The restaurant itself is beautiful but the food is not that good and menu is not big. We ordered lomo saltado which is usually good everywhere we go but it wasn't good here, the sauce taste more like beef stock and the steak was rubber the rotisserie chicken looked deep fried . They only have 1 kind of fried rice which is a seafood fried rice and no traditional Peruvian fried rice ,safe to say I'll never be back . I give them 5-6 months before they close up.Excellent food and atmosphere. The service was excellent as well. The chef means business on that Diablo sauce. Es muy caliente.This restaurant is amazing!!! The pollo a la brasa is fresh, and has the most incredible flavor. The yucca, and grilled octopus were also some of the best I've ever had! Everything is authentic and delicious... We will DEFINITELY be back!!! We enjoyed the SALSA lesson on Wednesday night!As a True Peruvian this place wasn't the best. I give it a b - in my opinion. My anticuchos were beef jerky on a stick. The lomo saltado was good and so was the pollo labrasa and the pisco was pretty good. I expected better and was a little disappointed. The staff was really sweet tho!First of all, it seems very apparent that 3 of the first 4 reviews on here are not real.  Friends and family reviews might seem like a good idea, but it just comes off as phony.  But what do I know.  All I can do is be skeptical, and compare these glowing reviews from faraway visitors with my own experience.  
I'm happy that Chalaco's opened in my neighborhood.  I hope that they do well, as I wish that upon any new business, but they're just not ready for prime time.  They should have done a few dry runs before opening, to get their game tighter, instead of delivering a poor experience by opening early. 
First , the bright spots:  employees from hosts to servers to bussers were all very positive, nice people.  The people experience was pleasant, and friendly.  Definitely good for a neighborhood spot.  The chicken there is awesome and the sauces for it, which I had to ask for, had a lot of flavor.  I'd 100% return to get take out chicken.  It's phenomenal.  It's seasoned well between layers of meat, and well rubbed under the skin.  The skin was crispy and tasty.     
But, now, the reasons for the 1 star review.  It's bright in there.  The lighting is grocery store level eye searing.  Next, I was given a paper takeout menu, which they plastered around the entire neighborhood- stuck on windshields, doors, trash, flying everywhere.  That's not being a good neighbor.  Also, the printing on the menu looks terrible.  The font is strangely flattened and just looks off.  It's like they created the menu in MS paint and changed the aspect ratio.  Just strange.  Placemats were also paper- not a good look for a sit down restaurant, where rent is presumably high.  There's some not so subtle text on the wall as decor- sub-Panera level.  
Food and drink:  the pisco sour- I'll never order it again. I like alcohol, too, but this was a terrible drink.  And yes, I've had plenty of pisco sours, all over the place.  The appetizer with short rib and little mounds of mashed potato(?) showed up cold. I'm not sure if it was supposed to be served cold, but it was very mildly lukewarm. After taking 1 bite of the 3 on the plate, my server tried to take away my plate.  My arroz con mariscos just wasn't good.  The mussels were dried to all hell, and the rice was dry and lacked flavor.  The shrimp in there was solid, though, but lost in a black hole of flavor.
Service: I was promised small plates to eat on, which never came.  No sauces were served with the chicken, which again, was excellent.   And the 3 sauces were also delicious, but I had to ask for them.  My server disappeared for a while, and it was a hassle to get my check, but the excellent, friendly busser/food runner took care of it.  
All in all, a very disappointing experience.  But, I acknowledge that it was opening night, and they definitely have issues to work out.  I'll 100% go back, though, because this is a new spot in my neighborhood, and that chicken is great- but I might limit it to take out only- though it's a bit expensive for take out- $30+ for a whole chicken.  I'm open to revising this review as well, and I wouldn't usually pan a new spot right away, but I can't stand by and let the community think that this is a 5 star spot.  It most definitely is not.
Added later:  Uh oh.  Here come more fake reviews.  Maybe I won't go back.The food is delicious! Very fresh and fulfilling, the service is honestly fantastic. We had the ceviche mixto, octopus and pollo a la brasa. Everything was excellent not only did we enjoy the food but the music as well it's very clean and overall a really good experience trying Peruvian food.First let me start by saying I love Ceviche but tend not to order it when I see it on a menu because I am afraid that it's not going to be authentic. So yesterday I was about to walk into the a restaurant across from Chalaco's and that this was a restaurant that specializes in Peruvian cuisine. I almost lost it and ran right in I order the Wing, Beef Skewers with the Chimichurri my god !!! It was so good perfectly cooked nice and tender savory and zesty. The wings was good also but the real treat was the Mixto Ceviche and the plantains. Absolutely delicious can't wait to come back. My only problem was the heat was way to high and dry and that the silverware needed to be polish better.I give this restaurant 3 stars because the food took long to be served, and the drinks like the Pisco Sour was not good at all.  If you're going to incorporate the pisco name to the restaurant then the pisco needs to be top quality to live up to the expectation of the restaurant's name.The chaufa was really good with a none-traditional presentation which I found it very cool and tasteful at the end. If I may recommend the restaurant should serve "canchita" at the table as soon as consumers are sitting down. Every Peruvian person will know what I'm talking about by recommending that. Overall a lovely experience, and a nice decor to the restaurant. Great location too.Food was amazing,drinks could be better had the caipirinha almost no alcohol...Overall place was amazing ,would give 5 stars but it took them 45 minutes to get our orders after I complaint.Sat outside ,ambiance was of the wall.Street fair at the time we went ,which made it even more amazing.we had the paella platter,rotisserie chicken with yuca fries and steak with green thingysss ...Lol Food was delicious would highly recommend.....A time when you're excited to visit an old friend but leave feeling disappointed ripped off.  It was just after 8pm on a Friday night (usually first Friday salsa night in the summer).  I got the Aji De Gallina and my other two friends both got the Pasta Verde, no they didn't split it.  Yes, I know this is a Peruvian place and I've had the pollo a la brassa Peruvian charbroiled chicken, very good, as well as the classic and mixto ceviche, also good and pretty fresh but more pretty and healthy than genuinely tasty.  
This time, I wanted to try something different. The Aji De Gallina was bland, ugly, and plain lazy.  We had other plans that night so we didn't feel like fighting over our $120 tab (plus $30 for tip... looking back, maybe $20 for tip woulda been more appropriate) for three entries, four drinks, and two apps.  I wish I took a picture of the apps and the pasta Verde, bland and it looked like they took a 10oz steak and cut it in two and placed in a sea of green pasta.  I may give this place another try but it could be a while, I was that disappointed  
The drinks where good enough, I had the classic margaritaUnable to post a third review so I am explaining the situation again...I had a bad experience earlier today because the food I ordered was not the quality I had come to expect from this restaurant. I was really disappointed because I really loved this place as it always had great food, service, and atmosphere. The owner/chef personally reached out to me, not only remade my order but hand delivered it to my front door! He went above and beyond to correct the mistake and the food he delivered me was amazing! It goes to show they will accept responsibility and correct any issues so I will never be weary of heading to this location. He was very apologetic and just wanted to make sure I got what I wanted! Very happy and impressed with this restaurant and owner! :)i tried a sample of their free ceviche outside the restaurant and was intrigued to come inside. 
my friend and i walked in and saw 4-5 tables that were empty, not busy for a Saturday night but we were so intrigued by the ceviche! a man at the front said we'll seat you in a minute. we stood for about 15 more minutes and then we were finally seated. 
i thought this was weird since there wasn't many people dining that we had to wait for so long to be seated but i remained patient. next someone came and dropped off some menus. i waited another 15 minutes and no one had even come to give us water. 
this is when i left, 30 minutes waiting at a half empty restaurant for what... probably waiting for everything else for the rest of the night. 
service here is clearly slacking, let me know when that's fixed and maybe i'll come try againI loved the place totally clean, space a Latin American urban touch, good music the food was delicious, the attention my waitress Kelly was great I congratulate you and frequent the place because they make me feel at home.Delicious!  They recently revamped their menu and it's even better.  Beyond just a great Peruvian restaurant, overall one of my faves with very friendly and welcoming staff.  Good for kids, I bring my 1 1/2 yr old over frequently.  Spacious and they have salsa nights.  Don't miss it!!! Get the antichuco and tacos!