The service is nice and they take care of you but I am not a fan of the food. The home fries especially are something that I rave for when it comes to diners. And champs doesn't deliver on their home fries.I love champs!! Great atmosphere and great servers! There is always a wait. Sometimes the service is slow, but the food makes up for it. Amazing brunch spot, and not too pricey.Went for a quick breakfast on a weekday morning. No wait. Great service with free coffee refills. Really good breakfast. I got the Cali omelet. The thing was huge and had an entire avocado in it. Reasonable prices as well.I am only speaking on the food and the service which is good. This is my go to breakfast spot when I can't decide on where to go. The couple that works here are always very courteous, and the food is breakfast goodness. 
I recommend the Western Omelet with home fries, which comes with buttered toast on the side. They can makes any type of breakfast you want. This is a staple Temple University breakfast spot, and recommended if you want breakfast food done right.A+ Service. Stumbled into the place while visiting family for vacation and all i can say is the Food is great! The waiters are always on top of their game!! Oh.....and try the Reuben!!!Honestly one of the best breakfast places I've been too. The hospitality is unsurpassed along with their chicken and waffles. This place IS philly, from the decor to the cruising to the hospitality, the area it's in and the locals that frequent it. Don't come here expecting to be pretentious about your breakfast cause they know wazzgood for yah. Just as the best bistros and cafes are to France , Champs diner is to PhiladelphiaQuality food at affordable prices. The waitresses are all very friendly and they provide great service. Try the Oreo pancake, if you're a sweet craver. Or get the western omelette if you like savory.Accidental AMAZING find. The server is hilariously down to earth and the food is awesome. All together we had the chicken and waffles (best I've tried in forever) Oreo waffles, triple berry French toast and the Mex Benedict, scrapple, and home fries. It was all so delicious. But the server hands down made it even more delicious and took a picture with usAwesome food, friendly service, and all around great experience. Chicken Waffles were delicious, Western Omelet was great as well. Okay price range as well!*The card minimum has lowered to $5!* All other reviews of unfavorable minimums are now irrelevant!
I'm a big fan of this place. Yes, it's small, but it's cute. If it's size is bothering you then go to IHOP or something 
The chicken and waffles taste too good, the veggie omelette with home fries (w onions and green peppers) is a great combo, and two eggs+cheese+breakfast meat on a croissant is a nice cheaper, quick alternative for eating on the go. The iced coffee is better than Dunkin' for sure and its price is comparable.
The staff here is friendly and the owner is especially great!
I'm all about Champs. Check it out! Definitely worth it.This place is the absolute f*cking worst. It took forever to get seated after we were told it would be a 10-15 minute wait. We were basically ignored once they gave us waters and had to flag down the useless waiter to place our order after the couple that sat down after us had already placed their order. It took roughly 45 minutes to get our food. My breakfast "dankwich" was disgusting. My girlfriends omelette was really good but not worth all the BS we dealt with. They only cooked half of the order for the couple sitting next to us which is utterly ridiculous. We had to ask multiple times for our check even though the experience was so horrible that they didn't deserve to be paid. Obviously, we will never come here again. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.First impression of the place was "wow this place is very clean". It sounds like not much but i have walked into so many restaurants around the area where I could here my shoe sticking to the floor... 
Second was the staff, and they were actually smiling at you. Again, I walked into many restaurants where staff couldn't wait till they get the heck out of there and it was only lunch.
And finally, when food came out, I thought they were actually very good. I had to order takeout so I could take it to my wife. 
Establishment was extremely busy but it seemed like everything was running very smoothly.
I think 5 stars will be adequate for this diner~I am giving a rare 5 stars to Champs. Excellent, flavorful food. Friendly and lively staff. Beautiful mix of North Philadelphia and Temple U communities. It's my second time here, and not my last.EVERYTHING that I have ever had here has been amazing, hits the spot every time. I've been coming here for about 4 years I think and have consistently be pleased. Not only is the food delicious but the staff is so welcoming and attentive, for take out and dine in. Do yourself a favor and skip the fancy mimosas and brunch spots and come to champs instead.My first experience was great. My second and last time wasnt. Firstly I waited 15mins to even be served, I decided to go with indivual sides so I wouldnt have to worry about paying over $10 for a simple breakfast. I ordered scapple $2.50, hot chocolate $2, and French toast $5.25.  So how did my bill get all the way up to $11? Of course I said something and they changed the bill but...my question is, how many people have they knowingly done this to? I will never eat from champs again!!!If you're ever near Temple University, you have to visit here for breakfast or brunch. In fact, if you're in Philly it would be worth a SEPTA ride. Friendly, fast service. Delicious food. Nice, clean atmosphere. I had the chicken and waffles (excellent!) and the chorizo Benedict (amazing hollandaise - one of the best!). I'd definitely go back. 
They'll take plastic if you spend $15 or more - otherwise, cash only (ATM inside).Just strolled in this afternoon and was impressed the minute I walked in! Very clean and fun atmosphere. It was packed and we were afraid we weren't going to be seated anytime soon but Luke came to the rescue! He got a table cleared out for us and we were seated right away. Kelly was very patient as we made our decision (everything sounded great and the prices were even better!!). I got the 2 eggs, breakfast meat, and 3 pancakes +bananas on top for 8 bucks. Food came out very quickly and was exactly what I expected and more. So happy I found this place! Thanks Kelly and Luke for a great first experience! Will be back soon.Our server was Luke, and he was phenomenal! His service was great and he had an amazing sense of humor. Was very quick to refill our drinks too! I will definitely be back soon.First time dining here, seen reviews on yelp and trip advisor stating they had some really good chicken & waffles. I love waffles so had to try, they did not let me down the waffles were great but the chicken with the chili sauce is absolutely amazing loved it. Service was prompt and extremely friendly. The atmosphere was comfortable highly enjoyed and will definitely be back!My boyfriend and I love coming here! Our go-to place when we are craving brunch and it's so conveniently close to campus. The proportions are perfect, just the right amount that I can finish while feeling full. Can't go wrong with the breakfast platters but if you want something different, highly recommend the chicken and waffles! My boyfriend and I loved it so much we were craving it later in the day. The ambience is very comfortable and the service is great.Best diner I had in 3 years(?!) Thanks for the exquisite food and service! The food made me wanna dance! Lol
A place that would cheer up your day!Not a bad spot. I ordered a French toast platter. I ate from here as a delivery order the morning of my sister's wedding and the order came fairly quickly but the person taking the order mistook what we ordered and forgot one item. They did give us a hard time initially with replacing the order but then brought out the right one and didn't charge us for it. 
The French toast platter was pretty good; basic but good. Prices were great! For 5 women came it to a little less than $30Easily best breakfast/lunch spot on temples campus. Food is amazing and service is super friendly. Only problem is I'm always stuck on what to eat because everything looks mouth watering & as a poor college kid I have to pick wisely. Yet, the price is super affordable and the portions very generous. First choice I made was the Oreo pancakes which was easily heaven in my mouth. Until I tried the eggs Benedict, and I can't even write in words how perfectly the eggs were poached or the sauce abundant. Hands down this chef knows how to cook, definitely Chopped champion material.This is our go-to spot because we live not too far. We love the breakfast! It's always fresh and delicious. My husband always gets the fish & grits & I'll get almost anything off the menu! You will not be disappointed with the food. My ONLY gripe is that on the weekends, it's packed with college students...so instead of being able to eat-in, we usually opt to carry out. But other than that...we love it! The staff is very nice and the owners (the wife especially) are typically smiling!
I would only want it to be bigger, but stay at the location! LOLVery cute place, busy at times but what can you expect from a cheap place that has amazing food? The chicken and waffles are to die for. The waffle was average and fluffy (still very good) and the texture was of a great contrast to the somewhat spicy but beautifully seasoned crunchy fried chicken breasts. My boyfriend recently came to visit me and it was his first time in Philadelphia. He loved it! It was a bit loud but it was a Friday morning. Food doesn't take too long, portions are generous, and there are lots of options. I would definitely recommend this place. There's also a $15 minimum on cards, so keep that in mind if you go (there's an ATM there)!
Edit: Sorry, champs does not accept cards anymore :(. The ATM is still there though!Came here for lunch with my brother. Fast service, clean interior, and not too many people for a Friday afternoon right at 12pm. I got a pastrami reuben with fries. The fries were deliciously crispy. I like my fries double fried with the yummy crunchy bits on the outside. So good! The reuben was good but oddly soggy. I'm not sure what was making it such a wet sandwich, but the bread couldn't hold up. That's why I gave it four stars. 
My brother ordered the fried chicken burger with fries. He's a good brother so he traded me half of his sandwich for half of mine. I really enjoyed the sweet sauce (think Korean sweet chili sauce) that they topped the sandwich with. A nice tower of fresh red onion, lettuce, and tomato sat on a beautifully breaded piece of chicken. I should get that next time!Food 4star 
Service 5star 
Excellent menu .small place but it's good 
Thank you it was pretty good brunch. 
Overall 5star.I used to frequent here with my roommates till one day our take out order bacon egg and cheese came with a moldy purple and green bagel. I haven't  been back since and would definitely recommend inspecting your food before taking a bite.I've eaten here a million times, and they never disappoint. The wait staff are so friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere is great. They closed this place down and revamped it a couple years back and it is so cute inside now. I always get the same thing, the avocado and cheese omelette and it is incredible. I dream about that omelette regularly. I love the location of this place, and it's pretty affordable. Only downside is the minimum for cards is $10 and usually my breakfast is under that, but then I just order more for leftovers. Love this place.Had the super delish Dankwich with porkroll. Loved it. And our waiter "Brother James" was delightful! 
Made this Lancaster County outsider feel at home!best breakfast in temple! homemade chicken noodle soup. made to order. fresh and hot and delicious! go now!This place was cheap but delicious and within walking distance of my off-campus apartment. What could be better? I ordered the Oreo pancakes and my roommates got the chicken and waffles and hash browns and bacon. Everything was cooked to perfection and tasted delicious! The place was newly renovated inside although it was a little cramped. However, it was the Friday before spring break and it didn't affect my experience here too much. Overall I had a great experience and am eager to go back to try more menu items!I'm just very concerned about the horrible spelling mistakes on the menu. 
Someone should take a look at that.... 
#tippleberryBreakfast at Champs diner this morning was delicious. I recommend this place for a great breakfast. Clean and fast. I have ate here several times and service is always the same.We have only been here once but it was a great experience. Server was very responsive and enthusiastic. food was great especially the berry french toast and the sausage links!!Stopped by this cute diner on my visit to Philly. The omelette and Belgian waffles were great. Staff was all very friendly and quick. Definitely had that cool vibe I was looking for. Would definitely stop by here again!Champs diner is a great staple in the cecil b neighborhood. Right by Temple University they have the best chicken and waffles! Different take on it but very tasty! Always recommend champs! 
Take out great and fast too!Pretty decent food and great atmosphere.  I wouldn't exactly call this place a Diner based on the prices however they are quite expensive, but you do get huge servings (if you are one of those portion control avoid this place at all cost lol!!) I enjoyed the triple berry French toast! Amazing!This was the WORST service I have ever recieved in my life. When I got there, they told our group it would be a 20-25 minute wait until we would be seated. We weren't seated until after an hour of waiting. Then the service absolutely terrible, we waited forever to get our drinks and had to asks multiple times for refills. The staff never checked up on our table. It took over 15 minutes to get the check, and then after we got it we had to go find them to pay it because they never came back to get the check. The only reason I'm giving this restaurant 2 stars instead of 1 is because the food was really good. Although the food was really good, I will never go back because the service was so terrible.Food was fine but it was a 2 hour wait for us from the time we entering the diner to when the food was servedI want so bad to give Champ's 5 stars.... but the wait is just SO. LONG. 
The restaurant itself is tiny, crowded, and loud. The servers are super sweet and make you laugh but after waiting 1 1/2 hours I honestly just want to get my order in and eat. 
The food though... the food at Champs is like a staple for Temple. On Sunday morning after a long intoxicated night the only thing that gets me through the days is breakfast at Champs. The omelettes are huge and you can get cheese on everything. The homefry portions are just as large as the omelettes and when you scramble them together it creates a delicious combo.This once cute and old-timey corner breakfast & lunch bar turned dingy de facto take-out has been getting a much needed renovation.  A fresh coat of paint and some remodeling draws the sun inside, accentuating the stamped tile ceiling, brightening the dining area under windows looking out onto the laid-back stretch of Cecil & 16th.  
Champs, and "Champ" is also the name of the adorably always irritable gentleman behind the counter, always had a steady inflow / outflow of customers. And the crowds still mosey on in to order some of the cheapest, biggest, and tastiest breakfast sandwiches off-Temple's campus.  Only now they're not ordering and jetting, they're ordering and dining in.  The up-tick in business doesn't seem to have noticeably uplifted the frowning mood of Champ, but I have seen more smiles from his wife, who rules the kitchen.  This crowd is not the "Owls sweatshirt" and pajama pants Templetown crowd, but a neighborhood crowd of school kids, construction workers, Section 8-partakers and old cats.
Most cats lining the bar meow about the S.O.S., which (your choice) comes over toast, tucked in an omelet, packaged in a Styrofoam container, or heaped into an Italian roll.  Cream-chipped beef hoagies sound pretty far-out, but I prefer the comfort zone of egg-meat-cheese on wheat toast.  These big breakfast bad boys will knock you out.  The bread is buttered, any meat is substantial, the cheese is gooey and creamy, and, the best part, the lightly peppered egg wraps around and encases the meat and cheese - like a mini-omelet sandwich.  And it's insanely cheap - probably the best bang for your buck on a breakfast sandwich from Templeville, and a Templeville breakfast sandwich you actually look forward biting into.  
But all the above may be beside the point. For, the home fries are good, don't get me wrong, I recommend 'em wit'.  But, you can substitute French fries for the home fries, for the same price! French fries and eggs for breakfast, yay!Great little diner with an awesome staff. Everyone stopped by to make sure we were ok and had refills. The place was packed but they were really on top of it. Food is very cheap and large sizes. I'll definitely be back again!Champs is the best diner on campus! Although the lines and wait times are long, the food makes up for the time spent in anticipation. The servers are incredibly friendly and quick to accommodate substitutions. If you have a visiting friend or family, I would recommend stopping by here for their breakfast or lunch cravings. Personally I love love love their Chicken Sandwiches and Eggs Benedict. 
The space is cramped and small, to note.I love this place! I always come here for breakfast and never had I got disappointed.I ordered: 
Egg Benedict
Tipple Berry
Crispy Chicken Wrap
Large portion per each dish for me. 
The atmosphere in this place is crowded. Many people come here a lot.. especially in the morning.
The staffs and managers are always friendly to their customers when ordering.
I absolutely loved it. It's always worth it to go this place. Great portion with affordable price :))great atmosphere, cheap priced food was actually surprised by the portion you get. and the presentation of the food is great too! i will be returning. great hangover spot.Came here after a long night and it defiantly hit the spot! staff is super friendly and the interior is pretty cool to view as well. 
Food was amazing and the price was more than reasonable for the jumbo portions. I couldn't have spent $12 any other way to fill myself with so much breakfast food anywhere else on campus. 
Would definitely come back and would recommend people to come by and try it out!Visiting Temple University with my family and we came across this cool breakfast dinner. It's conveniently located in down town Philly with lots of parking meters near by. I was impressed with their outstanding customer service. Seemed like everyone were trained to be super friendly. I was alone with three kids so they went out of their way to make us feel very comfortable. Food was the bomb! It came to our table very fast and the quality was good. We were happy with our experience here. I will definitely come back again.There was excellent service although our waitress seemed a bit timid but along came another employee who filled us with laughter and a conversation. I ordered chicken and waffles and it was amazing. The chicken and waffles were very crispy and warm. The sauce that comes along with it tasted great. The check was cheaper than what we expected and the food was completely inexpensive. Hopefully they have poutine the next time I come.The place is small and for breakfast on Sunday morning we waited about 30 mins to get seated (a party of 2). The food came out rather quickly and it was very tasty. Because it is in the Temple University vicinity it is very college student friendly with the prices. It is a good portion of food and they have a good variety of breakfast options. Oh, the "hot" sausage is not hot/spicy. That is the only complaint, really. A good thing to note is that the triple berry French toast is rather sweet.The best diner in the area hands down. Super consistent in their quality and their staff is always warm and welcoming.Delicious food, kind service, and great food. They even went out and purchased decaf coffee for me so it would be there on my subsequent visits.I've gotten the best food service of my life by Luke, one of the waiters here. He is always attentive and exceptionally kind to all his customers! Also the food here is amazing and so cheap!! The seating is limited so try to get there early or you might have to wait a bit! Either way, the food and service make up for the wait! 10/10 would recommend. (Also I've been there about 78 times this last semester so I can vouch for consistency- these guys rock)Cute little diner near Temple. Simple, tasty breakfast food in a chill atmosphere, perfect for grabbing a late breakfast after a night of drinking - especially when you don't feel like going to a busy and overpriced brunch place farther south.
I got the western omelette with cheese and a side of pork roll. It came with hash browns and toast, so it was a lot of food for around ten bucks! It was all delicious, but the pork roll wasn't as good as you can get in a diner in Jersey.
All in all, it was a good meal. Come here when you want a no-frills diner experience with big portions and reasonable prices.Amazing food and amazing service. The waiter we got was on top of of everything and gave us refills before we needed them. He was working the whole restaurant and still was able to give us exceptional service. 
Place is a small little diner right on the corner and has every kind of breakfast food that you can imagine. I highly recommend going if you go to temple or are in the area.Keep in mind, I'm not comparing Champs to a typical four star restaurant - it's four stars for what it is! That said, this hole in the wall breakfast joint is quick has been a staple for my temple college experience. Huge omelets, steaming home fries (get them with onions!), buttered toast with jam, and plenty of hot sauce and ketchup! The couple behind this place is an adorable duo: the husband mans the front of the house, the wife IS the entire kitchen. Come here for great, cheap breakfast food and you won't be disappointed.The food is delicious, the employees are very friendly and fast. would definitely recommend this diner to everyone! The French Toast is the best I ever had!Everyone here is so nice, they always make me feel so welcome and can really turn my day around!Nice neighborhood spot on Temple's campus. We went for breakfast and it's a pretty traditional menu. I had pancakes, pork sausage, and scrambled eggs. The portion was enough but not too much. Im pretty picky about pancakes and sausage and both were perfect in my opinion. The coffee was also good. Not gourmet but pretty good. Theres nothing worst than a breakfast joint with bad coffee. My boyfriend had an omelet and home fries. His platter was huge! We took half home for a whole other meal. They come to your table with a square device to run your credit card which is pretty cool. The servers were very friendly and accommodating. There is meter parking on Cecil B. Moore thats free on weekends. Side streets you typically have to pay Saturdays too. 
Overall it was a great experience. I will definitely be returning.Came in as part of a fluke.  Super friendly, cheap prices and large portions. Will definitely come back again if I am in the area.This is the perfect example of what constitutes a five star restaurant.  The place is humble and far from glamorous, but the ENTIRE staff is extremely friendly, the food is reasonably priced, and it is phenomenal.  My wife got the crab Benedict which was delicious, and I got the chicken and waffles.  I think I did go overboard by getting the banana, strawberry, whipped cream waffles with the chicken, which essentially made it two separate meals.  Next time I'll keep it simple.  Another testament to this place is the older woman next to us who told us she goes every day.  I can't blame her.Best chicken wrap in the world, staff always hospitable, great experience every time.I simply love this place. Went this afternoon at 2pm and this is the hack because they close at 3pm so you should go around closing time so that you don't have to wait for a table. It is generally quiet occupied. I love the concept of the food and restaurant. The ambience was very comfortable but the sitting was bit congested because of small space. 
I was sitting right next to the kitchen walk in area and everything coming out of that area looked delicious. I just wanted to take pictures of everything but it was a lot to ask so I resisted myself. I ordered a cali omelet and la colombe coffee. The omelet comes with an avocado in it, toast and home fries. The fries are not actual french fries but its kind of mashed hash brows but it tastes good. You also get some sautéd veggies with it. The coffee was refreshing and you get free refills which is included in the price of $3. 
I might go here everyday for a brunch or breakfast. They have vegetarian options too but I am not sure about vegan. A must must go place. CheersIf you're hungry and want large portions this is the place to go. Stopped by here yesterday to eat breakfast. The staff is so nice and helpful and the environment is great. It's small and quaint but the quality is out of this world. I will be recommending this to other people who I know live in Philly! Overall very impressedThird time ordering here and third time getting my order wrong. Had to come back to get the missing parts of my orders and they have done nothing for the inconveniences after driving all the way home and back. Very disappointed.Love this place! The food is always fast and fresh and service is super personal. I'd go here over Owl Breakfast & Lunch any day!Oh gosh I'm not even vegan but I'd choose this place any day over a non-vegan joint. Getting the cheeseburger on your first go is a MUST- it's unreal. On top of that the staff are super courteous and quick. My friend didn't like her meal and they took it off the bill without even being asked. Left a hefty tip for that  only thing it's kind of a small place so you're gonna be eating pretty close to people you don't know, I mean like a foot away from them.The service is bad. I ordered take out because the place is always too crowded for such a small space. The person who took my order messed it up and when I took the food back to get my order fixed they tried to charge me for their mistake.Can't speak to the quality of the food. I waited over a half an hour to get seated. While I was waiting for someone else came in and they got seated and had their order taken while I was waiting. Very poor form. I won't be back. I walked out and picked up something somewhere else on my way back to my office.Food tastes good, staff is friendly, and it's super affordable! So close to Temple University main campus! One of my go-to breakfast spotsThe food at Champs is always good, but last time I was there, there was a MOUSE running around my feet while I ate at the table. The girls at the table next to me were super freaked out about it to, but it was running around MY feet. The waiter saw the mouse but instead of trying to get rid of it, he tried to distract me and the other girls. EEK!Normally, I don't like rating places so low, but I feel my past experience with Champ's Diner this past Sunday justifies it. Champ's should really consider taking their delivery service offline on apps like Grubhub, Postmates, etc at peak hours if it's going to be a two hour wait time to receive my food from a mile down the street. I had ordered the waffle breakfast platter with strawberries, egg, turkey sausage, and a side of hash browns. Two hours of waiting later and my food arrived cold. My waffle was soggy and was missing the strawberries I had ordered. The turkey sausage was burnt to the point of being too dried out to eat. The same could be said about the eggs; they were very dried out. Really the only saving grace were the hash browns. Although they were lukewarm, they were atleast crispy. For $23 and such a long wait time, I definitely expected much better food quality to be delivered.As far a breakfast goes, this place is top notch! Literally the best shrimp and grits I've ever had in my entire life! I could eat them for breakfast, lunch and dinner! The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is cool. They play music I'd listen to in my car which makes it even more comfortable!This place is a literal shitshow. If I wanted an ice cold, raw egg I could have saved $11 and eaten one out of my fridge instead of getting the eggs Benedict. The chipped beef and pancakes are good thoughStopped by for a quick bite to eat looking to just savor my hunger, but boy I was taken back. I ordered the chicken wrap with fries and what seemed to be a quick easy meal to go, turned into quite the adventure!! 
To my surprise, the fries and wrap were absolutely PHENOMENAL. Fries, perfect crisp and moist inside. Huge helping of fries, which tells me this place does not hold back on portions. This stays true for my wrap. This wrap was beautifully rolled and literally stuffed with lettuce, chicken, and AVOCADO. SO MUCH AVOCADOOOOO
I'm a huge huge fan of avocado (who isn't), and I've never seen such a place that gives you practically the whole fruit. (is avocado a fruit? TBD) Other places charge you extra and give you a ridiculous small amount, like maybe a few slices. This place plops chunks and chunks and wraps it nicely with chicken, lettuce and veggies, it's mouthwatering. For the price, it was quite worth it and how convenient it's near a college campus to cater to our very small wallets but big appetites :) 
5 STARS, I LOVE THIS PLACEHaving a weekend in Philly and was looking for spots near Temple.  This place was a perfect local breakfast experience.  Food was good, great mix of people.  The staff was amazing, friendly and just really positive.  Would definitely go back.Dining in at champs is always a pleasure! You are cheerfully greeted by the staff as soon as you enter, every single time. Sometimes the wait times are a bit lengthy because it's so packed and popular, but they're really swift with the turnover time. The food is always made fresh and tastes great and the dish sizes will definitely fill you up! The chicken and waffles are a hit as well as the triple berry waffles. Another favorite of mine is the fish and grits. Made to a savory perfection every time! Great neighborhood diner and very diverse. College students, residents of the community and even visitors dine here. By the way shout out to my favorite server, Abi she's the best!!The food was soo good, not overly sweet. All the staff were super nice. The prices were affordable and the portion size was just right. This is my new happy place now.Doesn't look crazy when you walk by but as soon as u walk in YOURE surrouned by positivity. The guy that I can only describe as peppy and who I think runs the store made our experience wonderful. And the food just topped it off, the chicken was so crispy , the fires were perfect and crunch. Anytime I'm back in Philly IM COMING HERE.