The overall positive reviews led us to try this place last night. We arrived around 7:30pm and there was only one couple there before us, making the restaurant sort of eerily quiet. Service was prompt and friendly, though, and we were seated promptly. We were both a bit sketched out by the reused wooden chopsticks; those suckers can't be sterilized, ok? But we've eaten in some pretty... rustic locations, so we shrugged that off and went with it.
"Healthy" means they offer chicken, seafood, and vegetarian options (no beef/pork/lamb/etc), and we figured it'd also mean lighter sauces and more veggies.  (Pro tip: nope.) 
Cold sesame noodles were bizarre. The noodles themselves tasted raw--as in uncooked raw, not zucchini and cashew sauce raw--and spongy. Maybe they were made of tofu, instead of wheat? I couldn't figure it out. I've eaten a lot of noodles in my life and I have never encountered that texture before. Bizarre.
Steamed chicken dumplings were good, though not exceptional, and a little dense.
It took well over half an hour for our mains to come, even though only one other table was seated (and had already eaten). We got shrimp and scallops in a taro basket as well as walnut sweet and sour "pork" (because out of all their meat substitutes, that sounded the best--and we've had some amazing mushroom-based "meat" at Ray's Cafe, so it seemed hopeful).
The "pork" was literally just breaded, fried walnuts (maybe 1/2 cup total) in a very heavy (think take-out) sweet and sour sauce. For $15, the portion was ridiculously small.
The seafood basket looked good, but contained only three shrimp. 
Three. 
There were also two scallops (what looked like one half of a scallop sliced in half again, about 1/8" thick) but when I tried a bite of one, the taste was heavy with iodine, and I told my partner not to risk them. At best, the scallops were frozen and re-frozen; at worst, they were old as hell. The one and a half shrimp I had was ok. The freezer-bag veggies were freezer-bag veggies. The sauce was thick and gloopy and very, very salty. Again, for the price, we wondered what was going on.
Rice was charged separately, and was not very fresh, on the dry side.
Our total came to $45.
As other diners trickled in, it definitely seemed that Charles had a rapport with them--but they were all white (disclaimer: so are we), and almost all past middle age. I think this place is basically the local "exotic" restaurant that local adventurous white middle-class Caucasians venture to so that they're guaranteed to have a waiter who speaks fluent English and so they don't have to worry about "scary" flavors on their plate. You'll find more adventurous eats in your local delivery pages. A young Thai-American couple came in and, while the rest of the restaurant was chowing down, they seemed to be just as horrified about what was on their plates as we were.
This is not a Chinese restaurant. This is a Chinese-inspired American diner. And not a good one.
So to recap: not fresh, skimpy portions of the main ingredients, heavy, nasty sauces. Overpriced, especially considering you can get better and more "authentic" (whatever that means, anyway) Chinese dishes at your local $10 buffet. Skip this place. For now, we're still on the look-out for a solid Chinese place in Chinatown (but see my reviews if you're into Taiwanese or Vietnamese eats).Best chinese food I've had. Went here with my meat eating friends for lunch and we loved the two different menus (veg and not.) We were all alone in the restaurant, and the first few things were ordered were not available; but each menu had around 200 items so it was ok. The waitress made some recommendations and we went with them. A minute later I walked to the restroom and the waitress was in the back kitchen hand rolling our dumplings we just ordered. The food is so good and fresh, Mr. Chen really strives to make good chinese food that isnt greasy and disgusting. I cant wait to go back to philly just to eat here.I am perplexed by this place. The premise is that it is "healthy" Chinese food. So I guess the minimal improvement to the "healthiness" of the dishes is solely based on the substitution of meat in dishes. If you are still battering, frying said substitute and then dousing it in the usual sodium-laden sauces then the attempt seems moot to me. I can see the appeal of this place if you are a vegetarian because you have a large number of options. But my gripe there is that if you are going to eat something that has been flavored and formed to look and taste like a meat product then why not just eat the meat? The pretending makes my head hurt. Aside from this it mostly seems like a gimmick more than a commitment to healthier food. The food I ordered was mediocre at best and I will not be bothering to go back.I really thought I would like this place a lot.  I stopped in one afternoon and picked up a menu. Later that night my girlfriend and I called them up.  The first thing that happened was the person on the phone said everything was a dollar or two more than listed on the menu.  Not a big deal so we went ahead and ordered.  They list four appetizers on their menu, spring rolls, dumplings, chicken soong, and something called the triple delight.  Logically yet foolishly we assumed without asking that the triple delight was a combination of the first three items.  Unfortunately it was not.  In fact it was very different.  four fried shrimp, four pieces of fried fish and four pieces of chicken breaded with sesame seeds.  The chicken was very good and the fish and shrimp were decent.  My girlfriend doesn't eat seafood so this was a let down.  We also got their orange chicken.  More like soggy chicken in duck sauce.  The sauce was sweet and sticky but did not taste like orange and was almost completely clear which was strange and unappetizing.  Lastly we got vegetable fried rice which was good.  On a good note everything seemed really fresh and clean.  Also worth noting is that I have never spent $40 on middle of the road chinese for two and not had any leftovers.Do you want to go where Charles knows your name? This is the place! After regularly eating at this delicious restaurant, I can't go back to PF Changs or regular chinese joints. This food tastes so great without being overly salty at all. Everything is fresh, service is usually quick, and I have yet to be disappointed in a meal.
This was not only the first restaurant we took our babies to, it's the first place I trusted to feed them. (Inside of steamed dumplings works really well).  
Kid notes: if you ask, Charles will show you where you can nurse but if you get a booth, you'll be fine there.  Also, if your children are hungry when you arrive, tell them and you'll likely be able to get something for them to munch right away.This place has decent vegan Chinese food at insanely cheap prices. It's good for lunch. I haven't been here in a while, but I plan to go back again soon!The food was average, they threw in extra orders of tea and egg rolls we didn't order and then charged us for them, and gave us poorly washed dispoable chopsticks to eat with.  I feel bad giving them two stars because the staff was nice, so three it is.A little expensive for mediocre american-chinese food in chinatown. It came out to be $300 for 10 ppl. Okay, so that doesn't sound that expensive but you can get a way fancier banquet meal w/ lobster, shrimp, duck, etc at other restaurants near by for that amount of money. This place served mainly chicken. And we all know that chicken is usually the cheapest option on any menu.
Anyways the food wasn't terrible so i'll consider giving it another try - maybe i'll check out their vegetarian selection, hopefully it'll be a bit more satisfying.I got to meet Charles as I was leaving, and both he and the woman I assume is his wife are very friendly! Throughout the dinner, they helped make our experience as enjoyable as possible, seating us where it was coldest from the air conditioning (it was a hot day) and happily explaining anything on the menu I was curious about. The food was great too, my friend and I split shrimp fried rice, seaweed soup, and bird in nest. The soup was great, managing to have enough flavor not to be boring but not too much flavor to be difficult to eat. The rice was very flavorful, my new personal favorite fried rice in fact. The bird in nest was also delicious, grilled chicken and vegetables in a dried noodle basket, covered in sauce. I wasn't sure if we were supposed to eat it at first, but we did anyway and it was great.Yay! I'm a fan.
I came here recently I was quite impressed.  We arrived around 8pm on a Friday evening to find a mostly empty restaurant.  Both the service and food were very respectable.
Charles came by and took our order.  We went with the Szechuan style bean curd and the Singapore Noodles with fried tofu.  I really enjoyed both entrees but the noodles took first prize in my book.  The bean curd was tasty but was a bit too tangy and not spicy enough for me.  I know though that I will come back here and order more things off the menu because the food is really quite good.  The noodles had a small element of heat to them and the entire dish had a light and bright flavor while the noodles themselves had the smallest bit of crunch from hitting hot oil.
The thing that I liked the most about Charles Plaza was the interaction that I saw take place between Charles and his customers.  There were a few tables that came in and out while we were eating and Charles knew everyone's name.  They customers who were clearly regulars absolutely loved him as well.  I think seeing this at any establishment is rare and very noteworthy.
Nice job Charles Plaza.  I shall return.This is probably the best Chinese food in the country.  The quality is so high, and the people are so, so nice and wonderful. I've been eating here for many, many years...and it's always a treat!The food is delicious, they'll customize anything happily, and Charles will give you a present if it's your birthday. What's not to love?Really great food and the owner is very nice. The food is fresh--we saw them cutting the tops off the green beans when we came in.  Both the wan ton soup and the orange chicken were sooo good.  My sister is vegetarian and had a green bean dish with black bean sauce that was to die for with imitation pork.  The flavor of the food was authentic. A great, homey atmosphere and such a pleasant experience--thank you!!This restaurant was highly recommended by a few friends of mine. When we walked in we were greeted by the owner, Charles. What I love about this restaurant is they use organic food and use tofu and chicken (I only eat white meat and seafood). They don't serve beef, pork, or white rice. This restaurant blows away the Chinese restaurants in my area, it's a healthier version of Chinese food. The prices were reasonable.Sketchy place! They claimed they only did baquet when I went, which is a lie. They charged $25 per person for chicken! It was greasy and salty and the staff was rude. The bill didnt come, it seemed like they were making a deal with one of the guys we were with. I like to see menus please. Dry and salty food. They claim to be "healthy," but that was just strange. I want to see the menus and prices laid out. I do not recommend it. There are so many good authentic chinese restaurants and this wasnt one of them.Wonderful place! My large group (sorority) rented out most of the restaurant for a large dinner and the service was fantastic (especially considering the size). The food was good, the atmosphere is nice. The owner was extremely accommodating and friendly!! Normally most owners get frustrated with the size of a large group but this restaurant really knew how to pull off serving a large party quickly and without rushing us. May not be right for date night but definitely a great place for groups!even though it's a bit on the shabby side (it really could do with a bit of sprucin up), this is BY FAR the best and freshest chinese food i've ever had in my life. your best bet is the wanton soup--veggies with a slight crunch, mushrooms that add some real jazz, and  an amazing broth...mmm...
the prices are awesome for what you get (quality and quantity). the staff are super friendly and accommodating in every way. dr. charles even offered to adopt my tot--maybe i'll drop him off and let and him work the register some time ;)
the fare is healthy and makes efforts to include organic ingredients. love it, love it, i'm goin' back.This place has slowly gone downhill.  Charles and his staff have always been so great that we've looked past some obvious and glaring miss-steps.  This last time was the worst.  The lo-mein with veggie ham tasted as though it had been re-heated.  The place has also gone downhill in a correlary fashion in its popularity.  We were the only ones there for a meal at 1pm on a nice Sunday afternoon in August.  Every other Chinese restaurant in Chinatown was packed.  Maybe this is a place who's sun has set.This Chinese stalwart in the heart of China Town has been our favorite for fourteen years - and even before, when it's owner was running another excellent kitchen further up the block.  Charles Chen is warm, friendly, treats you as family, and serves up some of the best and freshest food in the area.  The steamed chicken dumplings are sublime; ask them to spice up the excellent sauce that is served with it.  The soups are all outstanding.  My personal favorite is the sweet and sour, perfectly seasoned, and loaded with flavor.  Our entree favorites are the sesame chicken, and the many seafood combinations.  The dishes are always cooked from scratch, and without MSG.  The restaurant has an extensive vegetarian menu, and is BYO.  This is one place we keep on coming back to, and Charles always makes it worth the trip!Great options for meat lovers and vegetarians. Clean place and good service. One of the best places in Chinatown for American Chinese food.If you are use to Chinese food which was made in large quantities and from yesterday's veggies go someplace else. This place has the most amazing hot and sour soup and wonton. Tell Charles what you are in the mood for and he will make something special. If you have a large group, 10-50, go here and have Charles plan the menu. All the food pops from freshness. If you are use to buffets from the burbs you will have to adjust your taste buds.If you like Kingdom of Vegetarians or New Harmony, you'll be right at home at Charles Plaza.  They have a large section of the menu that is vegetarian.  However if you have a meat eater in your life, they also serve the real stuff.  (The best of both worlds!)
We came here for an early dinner a couple Sundays ago.  Charles greeted us and checked on us throughout the meal.  Service was great.  Their vegetarian won ton soup really hit the spot on a cold day.  Won ton soup is one of those things you can't find in a vegetarian version unless you're in Chinatown.  Us suburbanites don't get to enjoy it that often.
The food was tasty, on par with other places in Chinatown.  Prices were very good as well.  I would return.I think the term "health" food that this place purportedly serves is not exactly so; just because something is vegetarian, doesn't mean that it's automatically healthy.
That being said, there is good vegetarian eats to be found here.  The great part is that its a good place to go for groups with both meat eaters and not, because they do also serve chicken and fish.
I wouldn't mind have lunch here every once in a while.I took a chance by coming here because the last time I ate here a few years ago, it wasn't a great experience; the tea and actual dish were devoid of any flavor. For better or worse, that wasn't the case this time around.
The mild version (GI tract can't handle spicy food, sadly) General Tsao Seitan does kind of taste like funnel cake, but it's not completely inedible if you're expecting it. Of course, I'm saying this as someone who has tried and somewhat enjoyed vanilla garlic ice cream, so take it with a grain of salt - there are people out there with far better taste than me.
Vegetarian Wonton soup was heavy on the sesame oil. I didn't mind it but I could see other people not enjoying the soup.
Vegetables and rice seemed crisp and reasonably fresh. You get a choice of either brown or white rice, which is pretty nifty and fits with their idea of being healthy. Why they have deep-fried seitan in a healthy restaurant escapes me, however.
I'd definitely go back there since the two experiences were stark contrasts of each other; I'd rather my dish taste like funnel cake than be covered in a "ginger" sauce that even a dog might not eat.Yes this is pretty good Chinese if you are looking for Chinese that is healthy and organic. But isn't that an oxymoron? 
I didn't like this place too much because, well, when you're in the mood for Burger King you don't want foie gras. This would be a great choice, however, for a health nut looking for a great Chinese take-out option.
I ordered the orange chicken expecting my nuggets of thrice-fried chicken balls coated in a florescent orange gooey sauce.
What I got was fresh chicken pieces in a home-made, clear orange sauce with slices of real orange. Boo. That's no way to die, heart first.There are two great things about this place; the food and the owner. If you are a vegetarian, this place has an above-average number of vegetarian and "mock-meat" items. The mock General Tso's chicken was surprisingly good and a bit of a novelty. The vegetarian mapo tofu was also pretty tasty. Things can be served with brown rice, making them a bit healthier. The other nice thing about Charles Plaza is well... Charles. He seems like a really friendly guy and made an effort to say hello.I was very excited to try this place out as it had both good vegetarian and more mainstream Chinese food options.  However, neither the food nor the service was good.  The service was particularly horrible this night.  Everyone in the restaurant seemed to get their dishes as scattershot as us.  We had four diners in our party.  The first three dishes came out ten minutes apart.  And it seemed like they completely forgot about our fourth dish as everyone was *completely done eating* and the fourth dish still didn't come out.  They clearly seat more people in this restaurant than they know how to handle.  Also, the only staff member who speaks enough English to be helpful is the owner Charles and he is clearly spread too thin.
As far as food went, the vegetarian General Tao's chicken tasted like funnel cake.  If you're looking for good veggie Chinese food, New Harmony is 1000x better.  Plus their staff is much more responsive.   The other diners said their food tasted alright but it's hard to enjoy your food when the rest of your party is sitting there waiting for their food.
I really wanted to like this place but I haven't had such bad service in a long, long time.If you want to eat a bit healthier, but still crave some good Chinese flavor, Charles Plaza is the way to go. This is one of the few spots in the city where I can get brown rice with my meal, and not leave feeling a little MSG-y inside. 
I took myself here on a "self date" and had a really pleasant time- no trouble with anyone trying to up-sell me. They  were  just friendly and helpful and my food came quick! Oh, and really good on the water refills, which I appreciate.I have been to many restaurants in Chinatown.  What better time to enjoy authentic cuisine than during the Chinese New Year celebration?!  So I ventured down to Philly to check out the wonderful parade, etc.  Of course, I would not dare leave there without a meal.  So, after checking out several---meaning many---of the spots I would normally visit---I saw that everyone and their third cousin had the same idea.  Yep, not surprised---so after walking down to the end of 10th Street, this little gem popped up.  Not toooo many people in here---so I gave it a go.  OK atmosphere, not stunning, but cozy.  Maybe a little too cozy.  The hostess/waitress decided to only seat people right next to each other.  I mean right NEXT to each other.  Little uncomfortable.  Especially with the family with three children and an infant...that was fun.  The wait time to be served actual food was ridiculous.  This place opened at 1:00pm on a Sunday.  I guess the four or five tables of guests was not their normal crowd volume at opening.  I think I arrived there at 1:10pm.  They seemed overwhelmed.  I say this because what should have taken no more than 45 minutes to an hour, lasted nearly two hours.  The food itself was good...especially the veggie soup---very delicious. The spring roll was tasty.  Good quality---I'd say overall decent...but, after waiting and waiting and waiting anything may have tasted good...so hungry.   Not sure if this is the norm or a day of an overwhelmed staff...what put me over the edge was the table of two that came in about 15 minutes after me and was served their meal about 20 minutes before me.  So, I am sticking with three stars for now.  We're not just yelping food in these restaurant reviews, y'know...  Sorry to say that no one seemed overly friendly or attentive...no one was rude or terrible---they apologized for the wait, which was sweet and appreciated---I think we saw Charles...would I go back?  Maybe yes...but not rushing there.Fantastic vegetarian and non-veg Chinese food: After taking the House Special Vegetarian Wonton soup to go a couple of times, a friend and I wen't last night and asked Charles, the owner, too pick the menu (which I've never done in a restaurant).  He suggested (and we ordered) the same soup as a starter, and veg spring roll, followed by asparagus and mixed veg in black bean sauce, then sautéed tilapia with ginger sauce.  Brilliant suggestions and amazing flavors and textures!  I'd given up eating Chinese food after too many Americanized meals (too greasy, too sweet) but I'll now try to eat at Charles Plaza as often as I can while I'm in Philly.  Not to be missed:  Best Chinese meal (I hesitate to say "Chinese," as this was really the best meal) I've had in ages.This is a BYOB place, which is why I was taken here. The people I was with wanted to drink on the cheap, and they knew that the people who own this place would not protest to whatever quantity of alcohol we brought.
   I will say that I was warned that the food was not the best at Charles, but the food was worse than I expected. The food has no flavor whatsoever, and the spice of the food is not enjoyable. 
   I will say that the staff was gracious and allowed us to talk uninterrupted, but this place is not worth a visit.Everyone's partial to a specific Chinatown haunt. Vietnam and Tai Lake are good, I'm sure, but it's not just the food we're after at Charles Plaza, it's Charles himself. And his sister and his wife.
Our family has been celebrating affairs with his family and fare for over ten years. A few memorable visits include my 17th birthday when Charles and company gifted me with a necklace of imitation pearls and my Mom-Mom's birthday when we forgot the cake so he ran next door and picked some up for us. 
By now, he knows our order and within moments our table is flooded with steaming hot food.  Then we descend upon it like we've been starved for days.  Once we've devoured every last drop of wonton soup (the ONLY wonton soup I'll eat), every last spring roll and dumpling, and every last bite of triple precious (get this) and orange chicken, Charles rolls out the whole fish he's prepared for us. 
Then he rolls us out the door.Great place--you can actually taste the freshness of the food.  I've been there twice, and I'll definitely go back when I'm craving some healthy Chinese.  The upselling does happen, but when I was there, it wasn't forceful or anything like that.  It was just Charles making some suggestions, but as long as you're sure about what you want, this isn't a big deal.  Definitely check it out if you're hungrily wandering Chinatown!
Also, Charles is a character, and I'm pretty sure he knows it.  He plays into it really well.What they say about up-selling is on the money.
But if your cautious while ordering and ensure your order is properly understood, you'll be fine.
Charles is such a nice guy. I think this is cool, but can be overwhelming when all you want to do is communicate that you want to eat x, y, znd z.
But all of that aside, the food is INCREDIBLE! It's worth having a conversation with Charlie even if you don't feel like talking, and it's worth having to be persistent regarding your order choices (though, he often does propose a dish that would be better).
...fyi: you're only getting brown rice; don't bother arguing.
oh, and FYI: CHINESE FOOD IS NOT JUNK FOOD. If this is your opinion, then you should probably never write a review again and settle into a life of eating Lean Cuisine, Taco Bell, and KFC so that you don't get disappointed; feel free to have burger king on special occasions.A great place to dine.Excellent food a very extensive vegetarian menu pleasant staff and  don't be surprised if Charles  remembers you after your first visit.Always take his recommendations after all he knows whats good and its not because its more expensive he wants you to have the best he has to offer.The vegetarian hot and sour soup is fantastic as well as the mock sesame chicken.I would also recommend the general chows chicken. Believe it or not you can get the white rice I seen it with my own eyes last night just insist on it,although the brown rice is much healthier and taste much better.They do not serve beer but when I did ask, Charles sent a waitress out right away and 2 minutes. later I had one at my table.Now that is some fine service.Experience it for yourself and you will not be disappointed.Wow! KMSO (Knocking My Socks Off!!!) The food is delicious and vegetarian. What else can I tell you without giving you a free sample? And that's impossible because I'm not Charles! Share the vegetarian hot & sour soup (great idea Mimi) and then get some seitan with sizzling black bean sauce or something and pair it with freshly steamed broccoli. THERE ARE NON-VEGETARIAN OPTIONS. but eat vegetables too so you dont turn into freddy kreuger
Do they keep your water glass filled? YESIf you are looking for fresher, healthier Chinese cuisine, Charles Plaza is your place.  With a huge selection of vegetarian options, this edge-of-Chinatown establishment is definitely worth checking out.  I highly suggest trying out their lunch specials.  The brown rice adds a great grainy texture to meals.  I am typically inclined to order their hot and sour soup- which comes in a very generous portion- plenty for two or more.  Order something a little bit experimental - friends who have gotten the old "shrimp with broccoli" have been disappointed.  
Charles is very accommodating.  I have not witnessed this up-selling issue that others have mentioned...and have been there many times with a variety of different groups.4 stars for food.  1 star for decor.  6 stars for Charles himself.
House special wonton with chicken wontons, steamed chicken dumplings, sesame chicken, and hot pot chicken.  It's a lot of chicken, but Charles does all of these dishes as well as anywhere.
The place could have used a makeover 10 years ago, but the food is great, and the proprietor is possibly the nicest guy in Philadelphia.I came here with some people on a Saturday night, and it wasn't crowded at all.  I think there were maybe three other full tables in the place when we arrived.  We were greeted in a very friendly manner by a waitress and Charles, the owner, after which we were promptly shown to our table.  We were first taken to a table in the middle of the room, but (perhaps seeing that we were six college students BYO-ing it), they took us to a comfortable booth in the corner.
Charles came to our table to take our order and, as I expected after reading reviews of this place, tried very hard to convince us to order appetizers and extra fried rice, but he didn't badger us or anything like that.  The man tries hard, but he will take no for an answer after you politely decline two or three times.  Our waitress was very friendly and even remembered one of the guys in our group from his previous visit to the establishment; she had (in Chinese) what I assume to be a pleasant conversation with him and another guy in our party.  
I was a little disappointed when we asked for glasses for the wine we brought and were presented with red plastic cups, but we're college students, so I didn't lose any sleep over it.  As for the food, I took the advice of another reviewer and ordered the orange chicken, which was absolutely delicious--real orange slices and everything!  Everybody else seemed to enjoy their food as well.  I'm afraid I'm not good at judging if the food is actually healthy, though.
Overall, Charles and the staff were very friendly (if just a little pushy), and the food was good and reasonably priced.  I would definitely recommend this place to a friend.My favorite of what I have found in Chinatown. The vibe inside is almost like a nicer diner. Huge vegetarian selection, including mock meat dishes. Delicious! The food is very moderate pricing and has a very fresh taste. This is a BYOB I believe.This place is excellent! Charles is very pleasant and i am yet to see him not be in house. The food is very healthy, fresh, and tastes amazing. Not to mention i am yet to have to wait on a table! I guess advertising doesn't necessarily help that, but they deserve a good crowd.Charles has been a chinatown staple for some time. Previous to opening Charles Plaza he ran a place 1/2 way down the block. It was similar in regards to healthy non-greasy, brown rice, good eats.
Charles Plaza has super healthy flavorful meals. No pork or beef but they serve up flavorful chicken, seafood as well as MOCK MEAT versions of all your favorites.
I tend to order the hot and sour soup, General Tso's mock chicken, Mock Orange Beef and love the that they serve brown rice.
It's a B.Y.O.B and they can also cater to large parties.Good prices, friendly service, but the food was rather mediocre. There was a lot of sauce in every single dish, which kind of overpowered the rest of the food. I ordered the vegetarian chicken w/ mushrooms + peanuts, and the fake meat was good--and I feel like that's what makes this restaurant different from all other chinese restaurants. My friends who ordered the 'real' meat weren't disappointed, but they weren't excited either. Got to meet the chef!I really wanted to like Charles Plaza, but was disappointed with most everything. For starters, as others have said, the only basis for being "healthy" is that they offer an extensive vegetarian menu, but anyway that wasn't a selling point for me, and not the basis of my rating. While Charles himself is very nice and friendly, it seemed as though he was the only one who spoke English. Fortunately, there were very few other diners (at one point my boyfriend and I were the only people there at all), so the service was certainly reasonable. Before getting to the food, I should mention some basics that they just plain got wrong, namely the lipstick on my water glass and my mismatched disposable chopsticks that had clearly been used before. Sure, I'm all for recycling, but I don't think that disposable (porous wood) chopsticks should be reused by other customers. 
While we were not victims of "upselling" per se, we did receive (and ultimately pay for) a couple of items that we didn't order. First, we received (barely hot, bitter) tea as soon as we arrived. At other restaurants, the tea is complimentary if served without being asked for, but when we received the bill we found that we had been charged $2 for it. Later, I ordered egg rolls, which my boyfriend doesn't like. The menu said that there were two per order, but we received four, and were charged $5 for four, despite specifically requesting one order of them.
We ordered one of their two specialties, a chicken hot pot, which was average, and contained some sort of extremely bitter, unpleasant root vegetable that had both my boyfriend and I almost gagging. We took most of it home, so later I will try to figure out which vegetable was the culprit. [EDIT: Turns out there were about half a dozen turnip/parsnip/some other root vegetable ends (tops?) in the dish. Who would do such a thing to perfectly mediocre food?!] We also ordered a "beef" (seitan a.k.a. wheat gluten) noodle stir fry, which was pretty decent, although the "beef" tasted more like mushrooms. Our crab and chicken noodle soup was great, except for the eggshell (not crab shell) I found myself chewing on at one point.
In short, Charles Plaza isn't horrible at around $20pp (with a lot of leftovers, and probably more like $10pp for a group sharing), but with all the variety that Chinatown has to offer, I don't think we'll be going back.Clean restaurant with fresh ingredients.  Mixed vegetables were steamed as requested an crisp, not soggy.  Love.I love this place, and Charles Chen! (and not just because he hugs me when I see him.) Mr. Chen really bangs it out in the kitchen. Every time my boyfriend and I have been here it's nothing short of severely awesome. If you cant decide what to eat he always offers great recommendations. This is absolutely my favorite place to eat in china town. Charles makes you feel very welcomed and seems genuinely happy to see you when you come back ( which of course you will). The vegetarian won ton soup is basically life changing, as is the vegetarian orange beef, i feel like its safe to say there probably is not really anything bad on the menu. By far the best Chinese food I have had. ever. seriously.As I've mentioned before, I'm not exactly partial to the standard takeout Chinese food. That being said, Charles Plaza isn't half bad. Its pretty gosh darn good! In fact, its probably the only Chinese food that hasn't given me heartburn (yet), which is an extraordinary feat.
But what really impressed me and my bf's family is how freshly made the food tastes. Veggies are green and plentiful, sauces are succulent, and the general consensus is that all of their dumplings are delicious. Also, they know how to cook tofu - it's not the fried, dried out gross bleh, it's soft and tasty. My bf's family loves takeout Chinese food (they are Jewish and do the traditional Chinese food on Christmas Eve, not to mention a near weekly order throughout the year), so it was important that they find "their place" after they moved into the city and Charles Plaza is DEFINITELY it. They also love how they can drive by to pick it up, and someone brings the bag of food right out to the car for them!I love Charles Plaza!  It's probably my favorite Chinese restaurant that I've ever been to.  Their vegetarian options are amazingly good!  The vegetarian ham lo-mein is great and the sizzling beef is out of this world good!  They bring it out on a sizzling metal plate and then they drizzle black bean sauce over it.  It smells and tastes delicious.  They give you oranges at the end, and it's so fun!  Charles and the rest of the staff are so warm and personable.  So many people that I know are friends with Charles and he always remembers me and my girlfriend.  He's such a great restauranteur!Great spot. Family owned, good food, great vegitarian food too. Go and see Charles he's a good guy and a hell of a cook. Most other "chinese" in china town isn't so good. Go here unless you are looking for Dim Sum, Peking Duck, or seriously spicey dishes. For those, I'd head to Dim Sum Garden, Peking Duck House, or Han Dynesty. 
Great spot. Ignore the negative reviews. Those people are idiots. :)I've been eating at Charles since he opened.  The food is consistently fresh and delicious and the servers always warm and attentive.  This is our family favorite and a place we choose  for special occasions.  Some of our favorite dishes are the fried bean curd and vermicelli soup, stewed stuffed tofu, and ginger and scallion fried tilapia.  Charles knows about healthy cooking, serves brown rice, and accommodates all of our requests.  I recommend Charles for anyone who likes healthy food.I had a similar experience with some of the reviews here. While the food wasn't bad, it wasn't anything special either.  It was kinda blah.  I've been to China and I was hoping it was like some of the great vegetarian restaurants I ate at there or at least somewhat close, but alas... 
     I ordered the mock fish and the general tso's mock chicken.  Both tasted the same and kinda bland.  I've had really awesome mock meat before where I swear you couldn't tell the difference other than you got no nasty fatty pieces.  That was not the case here though.   The sauce was too sweet and was nothing special and most of the plate was  sauce.  I actually couldn't tell much of a difference between the two sauces other than one looked darker.  Charles was very pushy and only two of wanted soup, but he ended up bringing out a big thing for everyone and charging us a lot more.  At least the soup was good though because the entrees really were not.
     The atmosphere was just plain wrong.  I have never been in a restaurant that quiet.  That place was dead with only one other table, there was no music playing, and you could hear a pin drop.  We all felt kinda awkward.  
      What really annoyed me, was that the bill made no sense.  I made a note of how much everything costs because I'm cheap and always make a mental note.  The bill was in Chinese and the prices didn't add up at all.  I wondering if we were charged for the tea like a previous review said.  Also, for the soup that we didn't want... and who knows what else.  
   I've had worse, but due to all these things, we won't be going back....Where has Charles gone?!? I recommended Charles Plaza to friends. When they got there tonight there was a note on the door saying "Goodbye and thanks for 20 years." Please tell me Charles is opening a new restaurant somewhere else!My boss took myself and some of my co-workers here for lunch.  I have to tell you I was extremely sceptical.  But, after lunch I was sold.  I brought my husband and children back on a Saturday after a day at the zoo.  The food is so fresh and unlike the ordinary asian fair.  My husband who is hard to please also loved it.  You feel good when you leave nothing is heavy or fried.  Try the green beans with garlice sauce they are to die for.  Charles takes your order and helps to make sure you get what you want.  He is super friendly along with the rest of his family.  This is our new favorite place in China Town.First off Charles Plaza doesn't make any beef or pork dishes. so if your looking for either don't even walk in. But if your looking for the best Chinese dishes that are made from the freshest ingredients, then Charles is unmatched. Charles Chen, the owner and chef, prides himself in making the best quality dishes possible.
Charles and his staff treat you like family from the very moment you walk in the door. aside from being appetizing, the food is also very reasonably priced. the tea is also refreshing. and they do BYOB. going here is a must when you're in Chinatown.