I liked the food.  Took some time to translate the menu.  But it was pretty good.  The nan garlic bread with cheese made great for dipping.  The servings were pretty hefty.  I'm glad they weren't stingy with the food.  
I have tasted some better Indian food from a food cart,  but the atmosphere was comfortable and the hospitality provided was good.  I would go again. 
Try it yourselfThis place is a disgrace on the name of indian food. I just made a new yelp account after wasting my money which I could have well spend either at tiffin or Laxmi's. I will give them one point for decor but food needs a lot of work to bring us back. As other reviewer stated chicken was undercooked and quantity doesn't justify what you paying for.The worst briyani I've ever had. The meat was awful and insanely hard to chew. This can't even be considered briyani, it's just a combination of over spiced rice and hard meat. On top of this, the customer service is absolutely terrible. I called and politely asked for a replacement so we could still have our dinner, the lady on the line hung up saying she would talk to the manager about it. However, they never returned the call and when we called back they refused to give us a refund or replace our food. We just ordered the food from another place to have our dinner. We will dispute the charges through our bank now. Easy to say we will never be getting food from this restaurant again.I must preface this review by saying that I'm not an connoisseur of Indian food. But when this local business opened up a few weeks ago, I wanted to support it. I placed a takeout order this past weekend. I attempted to do this online, but the ordering interface is not quite up to snuff, and I had to call to make sure the order even went through. It did, but not correctly, so it was a good thing I called to confirm. The food was not ready during the estimated time, but that wasn't a big deal. The folks are very friendly and accommodating. 
Now on to the food. I ordered Indian BBQ (Chicken Tikka) and Chicken Tikka Masala. I expected the BBQ to be on a skewered kabob, but instead it was a somewhat dry whole chicken quarter.  It tasted OK, but not what I was expecting. The Tikka Masala was tasty, but I thought the five small pieces of chicken swimming in a pool of sauce was too little for the price. Not a good value. 
I am willing to try this place again and will update my review.Okay so first thing I'm going to say is, the food was good I ordered tikka masala (didn't eat it will tell you why) and the New York chicken over rice. The chicken over rice was Amazing....until I got food poisoning. 
I ate the chicken and rice and 730 8.. by 11 I was throwing up and had diarrhea. Not sure how this happened and didn't even bother giving the tikka masala to anyone else because I don't want them suffering how I did. 
I would honestly say stay away but it may have just been me so idk. Good luck guys and safe eating.Very rude receptionist
Seriously lacking taste in their food
Need to improve in these areasJust threw out $40 worth of garbage they delivered. I am not finicky about food but I have not seen worse Indian food in my life.Service is is always fast and the servers are very polite. The Bhindi fry is a vegetarian delight and my favorite meal with rice.I wanted to try this restaurant despite the bad reviews.  This was the worst Indian food I have ever eaten.  First the chicken masala was watery and the chicken was mushy. The chicken masala flavor was way off. When you spend this kind of money you expect better.   I am so disappointed since it would be nice to have an Indian Restaurant in the neighborhood but this is an utter disappointment.I was excited to order form this restaurant and even asked for a fuller menu. Much to my dismay I could not even finish my meal. The Chicken Tikka was as watery as the someone else said and the rice was disgusting. A Shame because they are all I have in my neighborhood. Order from somewhere else and go get your food..like Tiffin or Sitar. A Shame...do not order from this restaurant. Their food is gross. A waste of money.So even though this place did not have the best reviews I gave it a try anyway based on the most recent review. So I ordered using the Yelp app and it was estimated to be a 45-55 min wait but it came within 20 mins. I ordered the lamb biryani was good but could have used a little more lamb throughout. I also ordered the chicken tandoori which was ok. It had a thick sauce on top of it which I didn't like and the chicken itself was a little bland. There was a yogurt type sauce included in the bag which I didn't care for. I don't know if I would order here again for $33 plus tip.Has improved as of late. Don't expect fireworks but I need to give them credit where it's due.A nice addition to an area with lackluster takeout options. I ordered the chicken tikka masala with a side of garlic naan. I'd say the portions were decent and on par with nearby Tiffin Indian cuisine. The rice was well seasoned and the chicken was tender and juicy. The sauce itself wasn't the best I've ever had but definitely enjoyable. The garlic naan was perfect and seasoned just right. I picked up the order and it was ready before the estimated time. I will be back to try something new and perhaps dine in; the decor and atmosphere was lovely.Nice ambiance.  Pleasant staff.  OK food - we were very happy with chana masala and lamb curry.
chutneys were strangely watery.
and rotis and rice cooked with too much oil.
but really good prices, and we're so happy to have this restaurant in the neighborhood.  We will visit again and give it another try.Unfortunately, this is the worst Indian restuarant I have ever been too. The Tikka Masala is watery and un-flavorful and the Paneer came is 5 huge chunks and tasted old and not cooked. I could not even eat it, had to throw my $15 down the drain....Awful. Ordered chicken tikka masala which was basically watered down tomato juice with chicken.  The curry had ok flavor, but was also watered down.  The samosas were also flavorless and undercooked with horrible chutney.  The mango lassi tasted wonderful since it was mangos, but was just mango purée, not lassi.  I never knew Indian food could taste so bad.speedy food prep. A bit over priced for rice based meals. The Biryani is excellent. Portions good size. Never too busy and the atmosphere is a bit austereI should've known things would not go well when they said they ran out of ice for my Diet Coke.
I ordered vegetable samosas which were great! Unfortunately the entree (butter chicken) took 30 minutes to arrive.
The food tasted good but the total for a lunch entree/appetizer/Diet Coke came to $26.  Way too much money for a simple lunch.We love Indian food and have tried several of them in Philly.. this has been the worst one by far. The Korma and tikki masala were both watery instead of creamy and the spice level was way off.. bad choice!My partner and I ordered from here tonight since jyoti was already closed.
In hindsight this was a terrible mistake.
The delivery was on time and the food was hot. However, this is where the positives end. 
We ordered 1. Vegetable samosas- which were fine and, considering the remainder of the meal, the highlight of our dinner 
2. Chana Masala- it was extremely watered down and lacked flavor. 
3. Naan- we have no idea how the naan might have tasted since we were given paratha with potato stuffing. The paratha was warm but somehow rubbery in texture.
At the end of the night, we were hungry so we settled on eating the samosas. 
I would not eat here again and would not recommend it to anyone.
Update- I was refunded for the naan and Chana masalaWorst Indian food I have ever tasted. I had to write a review. Service wasn't good either smhNice variety to add to the neighborhood. Group of 4 plus a baby. We had several dishes, which were all good. Tandoori platter was excellent -wide variety of meats. Aloo Gobi and chicken korma were both nice. Serving sizes large enough for leftovers to take home! Servers were helpful and nice.This is by far the best Indian food I have had in the city, short of anything home-cooked. We had several items catered from their online menu. We got our big order quickly with zero mistakes. Everything from appetizers to nan to entrees was absolutely delicious and so full of flavor...maybe even too much. Yes, the entree sizes were a little smaller than normal, but the amazing flavors made up for it. When food is this good, you do not need a lot of it to be satisfied. We probably could have ordered half as much as we did, but the leftovers were still excellent, so no regrets. Can not wait to order from them again.
A few picky things that keeps them from getting a perfect 5 stars: some of the meat could have been trimmed better. There were a couple pieces here and there with cartilage or fat stuck on them. Also, the qeema was supposed to be a mix of lamb and chicken, but seemed to be almost entirely chicken.just ordered the veggie samosa, chicken biryani and ras malai. Biryani is ok, a little dry. Filling in the samosa is too chunky. Ras malai is soupy and terrible. Most likely will never order here again. Only plus is that the Biryani has a nice spice.We grabbed takeout here a couple weeks ago and everything was delicious. Some of the flavors of our favorite entrees were a little different from what we are used to, but not in a bad way. Everything was very flavorful and fresh. 
We also had tikka masala as a previous reviewers did.  I agree it wasn't creamy like it is at many places but the flavors were definitely delicious and complex.  We also felt like we were given a sufficient amount of meat in each of our entrees.  
I look forward to going back.We got a takeout order of chicken vindaloo and paneer saagwala when they first opened. Both dishes were delicious and fresh. I especially like the use of vinegar in the vindaloo sauce, which was very bright and spicy. The staff was friendly and my order was ready right on time. In my opinion, this restaurant is much better than Tiffin and Jyoti (both in Northwest Philadelphia).
Update 12/20: I have been here four more times and the food and service have been consistently good. I've ordered biryani, vegetable samosas, aloo papri chat, bhindi fry, and revisited the chicken vindaloo. I love spicy food and have struggled to find restaurants in the NW that can bring the heat, but this place is not afraid of bold flavors.Food is overly salty and the samosa meat is gross.  I'll never order here again. Do yourself a favor and go to tiffin.The food was delivered fast and hot but was not worth the price. I got the simple chicken tikka masala and for $14 there were 5 small pieces of chicken. What a ripoff
The veggie samosas were okay but nothing exciting and certainly not worth the hefty price of $5 for 2. 
The naan was the best thing in my opinion. Which is to say it met my standards and nothing more. Will not be ordering from here ever againMy first ever yelp review prompted by the shocking quality of food! 
Ordered delivery today after a tiring day at work, baingan bharta, paneer curry, samosa chat and chicken kebabs. 
Placing the order was easy, friendly staff, delivery on time. The food however was a different story. 
The Bharta was a watered down goop. Half a Samosa in the chat which was soggy, the Chana in the chat was out of a can. Paneer curry had a weird blend of spices which made the curry bitter. The Naan is not a naan by any far fetched definition of one.This was my first time at this restaurant. It was all right though definitely not special. I ordered the chicken garlic mayo roll. It was A LOT larger than I expected, which didn't bother me as I was hungry. Unfortunately there were things about it still that weren't good: 1) I don't think it had any garlic (despite its name) 2) it wasn't terribly tasty - in addition to absence of garlic I don't think it was well seasoned. 3) even though I ate at a table (yes I was served by a waitress) my sub roll was served wrapped up in wax paper & foil. Odd I thought . Unrelated to the preceding, following the meal I went to wash my hands as they were a bit covered in the mayonnaise. The cloth napkin didn't help much (wasn't the best quality). Since I was the only person in the dining area & my waitress was at the cashier I told her I could pay. When I was paying I said I'd be at my table a bit still. She didn't have a problem with that. The weirdest part of this is she NEVER removed my dish, which was covered with the now really dirty crumpled wax paper & foil!!!! 
I wouldn't say stay away from this lunch & dinner joint, given I've only been there once. Wouldn't strongly recommend it, still.Horrible food. Ordered from grub hub. This food is just beyond bad. Garlic Naan, chicken biriyaini, and vegetable samosa - everything that we ordered - went straight into a trash can. $50 worth of food ended up in trash because it was trash!!! Seriously disgusting. I would say that vegetable samosa was the most horrendous thing I ever tried - deeply over fried (it was really black), the taste was dirty and chemical. I couldn't take even one bite without spitting it out immediately. I am not sure how they prepare their "food." In fact I am convinced that they buy frozen old food and then warm it up in the microwave.How on earth do you manage to make food that is so, so, so bad??? I honestly don't know, and I don't care, but this restaurant does it well. The chicken in biriyani was dry, fatty, old tasting; the rice was mushy and bland. I am not a chef, but my rice is much better and let me tell you that most of the food I make is pretty bad (just being honest). HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE. It should be illegal to serve food that is so bad.Update:  this really is a nice place.  Though the sauces could be richer, I have otherwise no complaints - rice and bread seem improved from our last visit, such a nice atmosphere and excellent service.. This restaurant had the worst Indian food that I've ever eaten in my life. I had the Lamb Biryani that cosy $15 plus tax. The meal consisted of a lot of overly spiced rice and big chunks of lamb that were tough. I wouldn't feed this food to my worst enemy it was horrible. This is my first time trying their food and I did so based on rave reviews from a friend of mine, however I will no longer follow that friend's advice and I will never visit this restaurant and waste my time and money on they're terrible food.I'm a Yelp addict and I'm pissed that I didn't check the reviews first. I went on grub hub, saw 4/5 review and just went for it. LIES!!!! The little chicken that was in my butter chicken was dry. The lamb sag was watery as hell and barely had lamb in it. My onion naan was decent but didn't taste like onion. Aloo paratha was the worse I've ever had. Super greasy. My sis and her husband ordered dal fry and Chana masala ... They weren't excited but ate because they were starving. 
Ignore the reviews if you want but you have been warned.This place has deteriorated from what it was when it first opened or a turd in disguise, I'm not sure!! When I first ordered from here it was divine after a while it's become slop!! I literally just fed the rest of this crap to my dog!!! I can't believe that I just paid $13.99 for two under seasoned chicken kabobs with a chicken gravy that was nothing more than barbecue sauce and Indian spices with a mountain of rice!! I don't know whether to be more insulted by the fact that they think my palate is toilet paper or the fact that I just got robbed by the price point for an rice appetizer. Anyway save your money for some place like Laxmi or I'll just go to New Delhi before I come home. At least I know that I'll receive a reasonable priced meal that I won't have to end up feeding my Bichon!!!I ordered this off of Grub Hub and got it delivered so I cannot speak about the ambiance of the restaurant. I ordered the Aloo Papri Chat for an appetizer, Saag Chicken Tandoori for the meal, and Gulab Jamun for dessert. The Aloo Papri Chat was okay...nothing special. I wouldn't get this again. The Saag Chicken Tandoori was very good. The spinach sauce was well spiced, and there was a lot of chicken in the dish. The rice was well seasoned. The Gulab Jamun was very tasty, and they give a lot of the syrup/sauce which I loved. The delivery was right on time which was impressive on a Friday night. I also liked that you could choose the level of spiciness that you want your meal. I'll definitely get take-out/delivery from this place again.Gross food. Avoid like the plague. Gave overcooked chicken which tasted like rubber. Gross sauce with yogurt. Avoid!Ordered on a Thursday evening, delivery was super super fast.  Got the paneer tikka masala in medium spice and chicken korma in medium spice.  Both were very good, paneer & chicken were perfect, lots of nice flavor, perfect amount of spice -- but despite being 'cream' dishes, neither was very creamy.  Rice was superb.We just ordered takeout from here and wanted so badly to like this place since it's right around the corner but the previous reviews complaining about flavor and portions were completely right.  Should have listened to the Yelpers!  The chicken tikka masala did not taste like any delicious versions I've had in the past.  Was definitely watered down and had only 5 small pieces of chicken. The samosas weren't crispy, chutney watered down, tasteless, and the rice was clumpy.  Was so looking forward to having this tonight but we're left disappointed.  Not going back!So glad there's this great source for Indian and Pakistani food in Germantown. Their grilled chicken dishes are good, samosas too. Don't expect an American portion of meat though.It pains me to say it but I have to agree with Zan's review. I was looking forward to having Indian cuisine close by without having to spend lots of $$ at Tiffin in Mt Airy. We also ordered take out Chicken Tikka Masala. Very grainy sauce, only 5-7 small chunks of chicken. Lacked the distinctive flavor and creaminess of tikka. The portion size was tiny and so disappointing. I feel this was a pretty safe thing to order but it was just sad. And it ended up being only $10 less than the same order at Tiffin anyway (whose portions are also sad, but has amazing flavor & texture). 
As a resident I'm going to try again for the sake of supporting a new business (maybe the Pakistani dishes are better...???). But I'm going to wait until I can stand risking the money.This restaurant is now called Tim's Bagels. I didn't want to write a review because I felt guilty giving this place one star since it just opened. I believe it may be the same owners as the Indian restaurant prior because the listing was strange in Google. I decided to write it because I hope the owners read this and take the honest criticism. 
First, I LOVE bagels. NY bagels are amazing and I have not had a bagel in Philly that has wowed me. My hopes were not high. When we walked in, all the bagels looked very uniform- like they were store bought, NOT even store baked. I ordered the sun-dried tomato bagel with scallion cream cheese. My boyfriend ordered the asiago. They were both awful. They tasted like they came out of a package and seemed like they were warmed up rather than toasted. They tasted borderline stale. I also ordered an ice coffee which ended up being some frothy sweet concoction that didn't really resemble coffee. I was really disappointed with this place for a number of reasons. If you are going to call yourself a bagel place, make good bagels. Try to make them yourself or at the very least buy dough and bake them. Dunkin' Donuts even has better bagels- and their bagels are subpar at best. Please specialize in one thing and do it well.
When I was looking at the menu at the restaurant, I saw that they also serve chicken wings, tenders, and fried fish. Anyone that calls themselves a bagel shop should not also serve fried food. Really hope this place improves, it's nice to have something quick that's walking distance.The chicken tikka masala is just the best! Their rides are fragrant,  the cheese naan is amazing. Hands down, our favorite Indian place!I stopped in today with a friend. The service was impeccable, albeit we came in at a time when they were not busy, we were the only table in the place aside from a few customers in line for takeout. They made sure to constantly refill our water, clean our table, and check up on us. I got the chicken Marsala, the special drink, veggie samosas, and a side of Naan which I took home. The meal was more than filling, and the atmosphere and service of the restaurant allowed my friend and I to just enjoy ourselves in conversation. Neither of us could finish our meals so we each took home doggy bags. The people there were kind enough to include some of their sauces free of charge. Needless to say, they got a healthy and well earned tip. I can't promise this is the way it always is, but when my friend and I came in for a late lunch on a Friday, I have absolutely no complaints, other than I wish they had drone delivery. Lol.I think these disgruntled reviewers are upset that Chatkharay doesn't accept EBT cards like 90% of the restaurants in this area. Here's the reality: Chatkharay's food is very good. It's flavorful, aromatic and is tastefully presented. Also, as someone who likes to throw down when it comes to food - I can assure you that their portion sizes are huge. Those 7 chunks of chicken that the guy below is boo-hooing about are literally the size of Russell Wilson's fist. I have had most of their menu at this point, and it is all top-notch and I always have leftovers to enjoy the next day. If you go all out with apps and courses, they can be a bit pricey, but definitely worth it.  Docking a point for location. That annoying bar next door is always playing loud old-head music that kind of ruins the ambiance. If you can, try to go at an off peak time to avoid that.Ordered from here last friday.  The food was much much better than tiffin.   The portion sizes were larger and the meat was smokey and bbq'd.   
Delivery arrived hot, within an hr.
Im not sure whats up with all of these bad reviews, smells a little fishy to me.   The food was good.Tasty. But portion are tiny for price.the atmosphere is kinda cold and bleak. But again it's not bad just very small
all amount of chicken in curry and the biriyaniIm a foodie. I know food and i know indian.  This food is not only fantastic, it is clearly home made and thoughtfully prepared.  
They have secured a loyal customer hereMy husband and I order from here last weekend and it was gross! The meat was dry and lacked spice or taste. We explained to the operator that we like spicy food and he didn't convey the message to the cook or just didn't care. The only thing that was decent was the vegetable biryani. The prices were a high! I would never try this place again.We love this place! Its great for my friend who's just exploring Indian/Pakistani food. Super quick prep/delivery and so flavorful. I love the Mango Laasi's. He always gets the cheesy naan.Let me level set this review by saying I actually created a yelp account just to express how disappointed I was with this restaurant.
I'll give you the high level pros and cons now then you can read my details if you choose.
PROS: Sauce is flavorful. Rice is top notch. 
CONS: Take out portions are alarmingly tiny. Chicken was undercooked. Paid $15 for good rice with 7 chunks of undercooked meat. So basically paid $15 for saucy rice. 
I was pretty excited to see an Indian/Pak restaurant opened up in the neighborhood so I wouldn't have to go on a long trek for bright flavors but after ordering here I'll just use the extra gas as a trade off for actually being satisfied. 
I went in to place a to go order. The staff was attentive and the decor was nice. No problems there. My problem was with the actual meal. I ordered the chicken tikka masala. It was more masala sauce than chicken. I received about 7 chicken chunks that looked to be equivalent  to one cut up chicken breast swimming in a pool of sauce as another reviewer mentioned. 
The sauce was good, don't get me wrong. The flavor profile was great but the value was awful. 
The chicken tikka masala comes with a tin of rice and one small container with the chicken and sauce. The 7 tiny chicken chunks were undercooked. I bit into the first breast chunk and had to microwave it just to nuke out any salmonella fears and even then I was so turned off by how few pieces existed I just stopped eating.
What is awesome but also sucks is that the basmati rice was ridiculously flavorful! The things they got right they got right but what they got wrong was realllllly wrong. 
The dish cost $13.99 so about $15.20 after taxes and with an undercooked tiny portion of chicken essentially I paid $15 for a plate of good rice with a good sauce. You can buy 10 lbs of basamati rice for 8.99 and cook it yourself. 
I won't be going back. I usually give places another chance to prove themselves but I can't stand by undercooked chicken in any circumstance.I'll start by saying that we have only eaten in. That said, my family has eaten there about half a dozen times. Each time the food has been fresh, delicious, well-seasoned, and in large portions (so large that we always take leftovers home). The service is excellent. The restaurant is lovely and very clean. And the staff is very accommodating. My husband and son both like quite spicy food, I prefer mine mildly spiced, and our daughter likes almost no spice. No problem. Everything is cooked to order, every time. I'm unsure why the folks ordering takeout have had such unpleasant experiences, but our dining in experiences have been wonderful.I ordered take out from here over the weekend, without reading previous reviews on Yelp (I know risky). My friend and I split two entrees: Chicken Biryani and Chicken Tikka Masala. We also ordered Naan (garlic) and some veggie Samosas. Samosa were kind of bland, hence the knocked off star but everything else was delicious. Portions were large and the spicy was actually spicy! Food arrived on time and they even delivered on our request of tamarind chutney which wasn't really on the GrubHub menu. Glad I didn't read the reviews first on this one, hoping the take out continues to be great!I would give this restaurant 0 stars if I could. Absolutely the worst Indian food I have had since moving to the Philadelphia area! If you know anything about Indian food and you're looking for good food stay away from this place!
Our family ordered delivery from here tonight just to try something different. It was different alright! The vegetable samosas were soggy and the filling was terrible. The condiments didn't offer any help and were thin and flavorless. The keema was watery and bland even though I asked for medium. The butter chicken was just yucky - tiny pieces of white meat chicken in a bland tomato/yogurt sauce. The chicken curry was even worse. The naan was nothing but a big puffy bubble with one side totally burned. There was absolutely no substance to it. The raita was just as watery as everything else! The rice didn't taste at all like Indian rice. Horrible waste of money.
I don't know what keeps this restaurant in business. Surely when people who have had good Indian food eat here they never do so again. There are too many good Indian restaurants in the area to choose from. Unfortunately some of them are a drive and most don't deliver, but I will save my Indian food cravings for when I can go somewhere I know is good.I ate here awhile ago and I'm just getting around to writing a review, but I had to do it after reading some of the most recent reviews.
I was so excited to see an Indian restaurant in Germantown! We have nothing like it in our part of town and I was hoping that I would like it. I liked it a lot, a whole lot.
I walked into a empty restaurant and was greeted very nicely by the restaurants manager and I was seated and given a menu.
When the server came over, I put the menu down and said "Everytime I go to a Indian restaurant I order chicken tikki masala  and I want to try something different". The server asked me questions about what I liked and left the table after leaving some warm Nan to munch on.
I gazed at the decor of the spot and I found it very pleasing. The server returned with a platter with a whole Tandoori style BBQ chicken and basmati rice and some Nan infused with ginger.
I was very pleased with the selection. The chicken was tender and flavorful, with a pinkish, red tint to it. The rice was fantastic and the bread was perfect. The only problem was there was too much food. I got on my cell phone and called a good friend Nicole and she rushed down to help me finish off my meal. We ended up ordering more food and taking some home.
I really hope this restaurant is successful. And I hope they get the kind of clientele they deserve instead of penny pinching customers comparing prices to a grocery store. Some people need to stay at home and cook for themselves or try and open a restaurant and see what it takes to run one.
I think Chatkharay is a pioneer in Germantown and will open a lot of doors to other types of cuisine in our area. I can't wait to return.