In fact, that was my first time to hang out with friends at Chattime and I got a memorable experience here. 
First of all, the food that I ate was delicious and it really let me remember the food that I ate when I traveled to Japan with my families. The salmon was very fresh and tender, and different kinds of rolls were also a good choice for me.  
Also, the waiters of the restaurant gave me good impression. They were very friendly and polite. They were more likely to introduce some popular food to us when we ordered food there. The waiter was very patient and nice even though I asked him many questions.   
Last, I wanted to talk about the atmosphere of the restaurant. There were some stone and wood decoration in the restaurant, which made the restaurant beautiful and made customers feel peaceful and relaxed.
Anyway, Chattime is a good choice for the people studying or working in the University City.Thus far this is my favorite restaurant in University City.  It's a quadruple threat when it comes to asian food.  They have excellent bubble tea, good sushi, authentic hand pulled chinese noodles and excellent tempura. 
The food is fairly priced with large portions.  The salmon and chicken teriyaki bento boxes are good.  Of the two, I enjoyed the salmon teriyaki the most.  The side of tempera comes out hot and crunchy.
The lunch specials are an excellent value. The bento boxes are around $10 and there is a 2 roll combo with soup or salad for $9.  They make an excellent shrimp tempura roll. 
They have a great selection of bubble teas.  I have tried the black milk tea with lychee (nata) jelly which was excellent.  You should probably ask for less sweetener/sugar because the drinks are super sugary at baseline. 
I'm looking forward to trying more off of their menu.I like the place. The interior is silly in a way that it is a little night club-ey in the back. But I do enjoy their soups and their sushi, so every time I am invited out to lunch, I suggest this place, and we always go there. Yum!Very friendly service, as for the food , mediocre. 
We were excited to have a sushi/hand drawn noodle/ bubble tea place to open in university city. I was hoping i would be a regular at this place, but that hope has been broken.
Before placing an order, we asked the waiter to give us some recommendations. We ordered : spicy salmon roll, uni sashimi, sliced beef hand drawn noodle,  and a salmon appetizer thing with crispy angel's hair noodle wrapped inside salmon. 
They were really just okey, we did not like the salmon appetizer at all.   The noodle soup was edible , nothing special. 
The bubble thing here are really sweet ! I ordered one with 30% sugar and its still really sweet. 
Ambience here is great and the staffs are super friendly.Came here for dinner twice on two different weeknights. Overall, the food was just OK (they do an average job with the hand drawn noodles), but the ambiance is pretty darn cool and reminds me slightly of the club that Mila Kunis and Natalie Portman visit in The Black Swan. Very slightly. The service is prompt.
The first time I ordered the fried sea scallop entree, which was kind of disappointing. The scallops themselves were smaller than expected, and a bit shriveled and overly salted. Also, they were breaded heavily and served still oily from the frying. Not worth the $20+ price. 
The second time I decided to try their trademark dish -- the hand drawn noodles. It's really hard to find good hand drawn noodles in Philadelphia, so I was a bit excited and apprehensive. The noodles come in a generously-sized bowl filled with broth, and topped with nice big cuts of bok choy and sliced beef (see photo). It was OK -- about on par with what you would find in Chinatown, and about as good as it gets in Philly, but not quite up to the bar set by good noodle shops in New York or Asia. The noodles are of the thinner hand drawn variety and are decently chewy, although some of mine were clumped together, suggesting that they may have been sitting around for a little while. The Jasmine bubble milk tea I ordered was OK, although something about the bubbles tasted a bit off.
The service on my second visit was remarkably prompt and attentive -- it only took 5 minutes from the time I walked in the door to when my bowl of hand drawn noodles arrived. Props for efficient service!
So overall, nice ambiance and vibes, and good service. Would like this place even better if the food lived up to the decor!Amazing noodle soups here! Had duck noodle soup, and it was probably the best duck noodle soup I've ever had. The noodles taste different and fresher than other noodles I've had. Normally, I'm not sensitive to the taste of noodles (noodles is just noodles to me), but I could actually sense the superiority of those delicious fresh noodles over other noodles! I heard their bubble teas are amazing too, so I will have to try them sometime.Heard about this new Japanese restaurant opening up next to Kiwi and just had to try it. The ambiance of the restaurant is really modern, I especially love the bamboo booths.
I ordered the sesame chicken with rice and 2 special rolls. The food took forever to come even though it wasn't even half full. I did not like the sesame chicken over rice at all. It was a weird texture and it was really bland even with the dipping sauce.
The sushi was the saving grace. The Godzilla roll was delicious and the sushi wrapped with rice paper with shrimp tempora and mango was delicious. 
I haven't read the reviews before gong here but it looks like people enjoy the hand drawn noodle soup, I will def come back to try that. And also the lunch box as well.I liked their noodles and the environment of the place. A lot of meetups happen here and every time I come here, I feel like I see someone I know haha 
Their sushi is also pretty good! 
Their boba is ok... but it's like your only option in university city ahaha and it's not like horribleI went here for the first time today. We only had the noodles, so that's what I'm basing this rating on. I didn't try any of the sushi, but I hear from others that it's not that great, but okay. I had the Beef Brisket Szechuan Noodle Soup, and I also tried friends' Roasted Duck Szechuan Noodle Soup and the BBQ Pork Chop shaved noodle soup. Everything was a similar taste to other hand-drawn/shaved noodles that I've had in Chinatown, but I think I liked this place a little better actually. The Szechuan option is PRETTY SPICY, so only order it if you have a high heat tolerance. Overall, this restaurant is a great place to get hand-drawn/shaved noodles, and it is much easier to get to than Chinatown for people who live in University City.I came here twice with some former coworkers.  The first time here, I ordered some pieces of sushi.  It wasn't anything spectacular and the quality wasn't that great either.  
But the next time, my coworker recommended getting the shaved noodles.  It was the first time trying shaved noodles and it was pretty awesome.  The broth was flavorful, though a bit greasy.  The portion was good for at least two days of lunch.  They were a bit skimpy on the pork though.Such a nice place to sit with a friend and enjoy a meal on the fancier side. I ordered the Chilean sea bass, which was cooked perfectly and did not disappoint. The portion size was just right, and at the end of the meal, I felt very satisfied. (A plus that my meal actually looked exactly like the picture on the menu!)
The only thing I have to complain about Chattime is that it's located next to Kiwi Yogurt, which is kind of a huge juxtaposition between a casual froyo place vs. a more high-end restaurant. Definitely check out this place, though, if you're in the mood for good sushi and such that's closer to campus.Chattime has a good lunch special, and I definitely recommend getting the take out. Taste wise this is not a bad lunch I have been maybe 5 or 6 times each time getting take out and only once was I disappointed in the quality of the food. (my spicy salmon crunch roll was anything but crunchy)
However the worst attribute to Chattime is the service. It is horrible. 6 out of the 6 times I have gone people have either been rude or apathetic about customer service. I went once and I was the only person in the restaurant and I was still ignored for a good 5 minutes by 3 members of staff.  Get take out if you want to eat from chattimeA Tale of Highs and Lows
We did takeout tonight, as we arrived a little after 10, they closed the sushi station and only had the noodles available.  I will say they were not very accommodating, but it's the food that matters.
The making of the hand drawn noodles was an event to behold.  I had the roasted duck noodle soup and my friend had the shrimp teriyaki noodle soup.  I started with a simple salad. 
I should have skipped the salad.  I've included a picture of the old, brown lettuce.  That's so easy to get right.  I also ask for no tomatoes -- yes, the red thing in the picture is indeed a tomato.
But the noodle soup was quite good.  The Roasted Duck soup had a very rich broth and the noodles were delicious.  My friend liked the shrimp teriyaki soup as well (admitting that it was an odd combination after placing the order).  
A drawback on the roasted duck was the how the bones made it very hard to enjoy all of it.  You couldn't just eat the soup, as you'd get a mouthful of little bones.  I'd suggest they pull the duck off the bone in the future.
I think they'll work our the kinks and become strong.  This is where I don't like Yelp's titles -- it's not "A-OK" yet but it's better than "Meh."My favorite dinner place for typical Japaness  food. The noodle and sushi here are all made on the premises and taste fabulous! Green Godzilla is my first choice sushi dish. Chattime serve bubble tea and very creative beverage as well. The environment here is pleasant and comfortable.  I can either hanging out with friend here to relax or bring my family for a special dinner.  If you like Japaness food this is a must come place!I do appreciate the kind waiter at Chattime who always makes my day better when I go! The restaurant is also very trendy--although I think they could utilize their space better.
I have only come here for dinner or bubble tea, so maybe their lunch specials are a better deal, but I always pay more than I want to here. I usually am very disappointed with their sushi (especially the lovers roll that looks pretty on the menu--not worth the money!!), but their eel or duck shaven noodle soup usually hits the spot. I love shaven noodle in general so their noodles are what I always look for, but there is nothing special about their broth. Plus, I always want more vegetables in my soup! 
Also take out from here is markedly worse-tasting than dining in, for some reason. I ordered duck noodle soup to go, and it just wasn't the same since they individually pack up the ingredients in three boxes--soup, noodle, and meat. Bubble tea is mediocre--definitely get half or 25% sugar if you don't like pure sugar drinks, but a convenient and quick location on campus.Decent food, very affordable, quick and friendly service, very extensive menu.
I was pretty surprised by how nice this place was.  Much bigger and nicer on the inside then I was lead to believe from the outside.
Food is above average, I've seen many reviewers rate the food as sub par.  They offer sushi, hand drawn noodles/ramen, asian fusion appetizers and bubbletea.  If you come here for the full experience, you will be pleasantly surprised.  I came with my gf and we ordered 2 sushi rolls, the alaskan char salmon, a hand drawn noodle and a bubble tea.  Food came out very quickly.  I was satisfied with each dish, knowing that the price was very affordable and that I was able to eat all of these things under one roof.
If I had come here and only ordered sushi or only ordered the hand drawn noodle, I probably would have said they were all okay but nothing special.  Each of those things on their own were about 3 to 3.5 stars.  But as a combined dining experience, this was easily a 4 star experience.
If you don't know exactly what you want to eat but know you want some kind of asian cuisine and don't want to break the bank, this is a great option.  If you know that you specifically want ramen or hand drawn noodle or sushi, there are better/slightly more expensive options available.  With that said, I would come here again...in fact I've already been back and I still feel the exact same way.  4 star experience.  If the food was slightly better, easily a 5 star experience.My second experience with Chattime was much better than the first. I split the Mango Hawaii roll (cucumber and salmon roll wrapped in mango slices with my friend, and had the nabeyaki udon to myself.
The sushi was pretty good for the price range, the salmon melted in my mouth and the mango added a nice sweet touch at the end. However, the udon stole the show. Looking at the ingredients, you might not think it would work: a mix of chicken, egg, fish cake, mussel, and shrimp tempura. It sounds like someone just threw everything in the fridge into a pot, but the finished product was tremendous. From my very first sip of the broth, I was sold.
Now usually in my reviews this would be where I give or take some points for service. Service could have been better, as the waiter took a little too long to take our order and also rarely came by to refresh our glasses of water. However I liked the food enough to give the place the full five stars.This place is a 3.5 stars for me.
Chattime has the best bubble tea on campus, but their food menus are less appealing. Except for sushi, especially their lunch sushi or bento deals, most of their Japanese menus are not up to par. Try going for their Chinese noodles, because Chattime's udon noodles are a let down.I'm going to give Chattime a solid 4 stars for a large order request - this past weekend I ordered 35 bubble teas to be picked up at 6:20, and they were all set to go by the time I arrived at 6:15. They were timely, capable, and the bubble tea was of solid quality.
Chattime was able to accommodate my request for various flavors and sugar levels, and they offered me a discount for the large order. I paid on the spot. If I need to order large numbers of bubble tea again, I will definitely come to Chattime.I come to chattime for their bubble tea because they are moderately priced for their size (3.50 for a large, which is really quite large) in University City! I like that you can also customize how much sugar you get in your drinks - I usually opt for half-sugar because their drinks can be really sweet. While the drinks themselves are good, I think that their toppings are mediocre. The bubbles, while chewy, are a bit small and clump together in my drink sometimes. I've gotten the grass jelly, and it was definitely watered down. The cubes floated to the top of my drink, which made it hard to enjoy with the milk tea, and they didn't have any strong taste at all. The red bean is decent, but they only give you a small-ish dollop.
I've also come for their noodles. While their shaved noodles are thick and juicy, they become a bit phlegmy sitting in the broth, so I prefer their housemade noodles. The veggie noodles come with A LOT of veggies... definitely super filling. I think their beef noodle soup and roasted duck noodle soup are pretty standard, but it's great that they're offered in UC now.Went here just a few days after it opened. Service was a bit slow (but very friendly!), and I imagine it'll get better as they figure things out. We were seated up front near the bubble tea area, but they moved us to the back as more tables opened up. 
I got the Japanese pork shaved noodles for $8.50, and added a marinated tea egg for $1. Huge portion size and over all very delicious. I prefer these soup noodles here to the pho at Saigon or the ramen at Ramen Bar. Would have liked more vegetables though.
The rest of my party got the Sweetheart Roll, a mango roll, and an eggplant roll (can't remember the name of the other two). My other friend got the special of 3 rolls for $14 (she especially liked the spider roll). Everyone seemed very pleased with the sushi. They also got the udon which was rather mediocre.
We got bubble tea after and the price is fantastic. I also liked it better than Carina (especially for the price) and it will definitely be my go-to bubble tea place in University City! You can get just bubble tea at the bubble tea bar in the front, or you can order it with your meal.
I think they might be BYO, but there is a notice on their window that they are applying for a liquor license.
In short: Try it out. Solid Japanese food near campus and a nice interior to enjoy a sit-down dinner. Bubble tea is a great deal.The first thing to point out about this place is that whilst it claims to be a "hand drawn noodle and japanese" restaurant, the hand drawn noodles only comprise about 10% of the menu.
That aside, I've never realized how big a space has been left vacant (after Hanwool left) until Chattime opened. Happily enough, I think that it's a decent addition to the food scene and definitely provides a cheaper alternative for sushi in University City (compared to the likes of Pod). The restaurant also has a nice feel to it and is not one that has tables crammed side by side to maximize the number of customers they can fit into the restaurant.
I tried the Chirashi which set me back $18 for 13 pieces of fish and a Taro bubble tea. As other reviewers have mentioned, the bubble tea was pretty decent and comes at a more affordable price compared to Carina (just across the road) and yet also allows you to pick your sugar level! I would recommend going for less sugar if you're going to try it as the regular sugar level might be too sweet.
The Chirashi was decent, not the thickest and freshest fish, but decent enough to not give up hope entirely whilst eating. It came rather fancily plated, with red glowing lights in the midst of a transparent glass cup that added this reddish glow underneath 5 pieces of white fish sashimi. This made me wonder if the 5 pieces of white meat looked edible but here I am, still in one piece and alive and kicking.
Apart from these, I had heard from friends that the lunch bento at $10 seems extremely value for money. Probably something I would want to try the next time I'm there. 
In all, I would recommend trying it at least once for you to pass your own verdict of the place.Mediocre, slow as molasses in January and not worth the wait. Both times that I have come to Chattime, I am frankly amazed at how slow their service is. Definitely do not stop by if you've got any time commitments within three hours of stepping in the door because it's probably not going to happen.Decoration
When I get into Chattime, I can is a big transparent water tank with purple lights and it also has air bubbles. The whole restaurant is a little dark. That is a good ambiance for romantic meetings. It is worth mentioning that there is a row of bamboo near tables that makes me feel like eating in nature. The light of this restaurant is fascinating. Each table has a spotlight from top, which makes the foods' presentation more beautiful and bright.
Food
The salmon sashimi is good. The fat of salmon is plentiful so the texture of these pieces of salmon is smooth. However, the texture of salmon sushi is not as good as salmon sashimi. They are still acceptable. The rolls are also good. I ordered Angry Dragon Roll because of the name. It contains shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, cucumber and spicy king crab with soy bean paper and house golden mayo sauce and sliced seaweed. "Chattime Hand Draw Noodles & Japanese Cuisine Menu" Grubhub. Web. Jan 25th, 2015.  The noodles in there are really good. I can saw a man was puling the noodles near the tables, which was really interesting because I can saw how the noodles made. I love Japanese Roast Pork Noodle. There are two kinds of noodle to choose. Hand drawn or shaved noodle. I like shaved noodle because it is chewier and the flavor of flour is more plentiful. It also has lavers and cilantros in it. I love the unique flavor of cilantros. It is worth mentioning that the drinks of Chattime are amazing. I love Jelly Wow Milk. The texture is smooth and full of flavor of milk. Chattime also serves milk tea with bubbles that also deserves to try. There is also a secret that you can ask the waiter for a bow of fried rice. It is 3 dollars and delicious, which you cannot find on the menu. 
Service
The service of Chattime is normal. I cannot say it's good but I went to there on weekend and I was waiting for seats. There are a lot of people so I think it is reasonable. Although the service is not that good, foods are quickly served. It is about nine minutes. 
Price
The price is reasonable and acceptable. For me, a bow of noodle and a cup of milk tea are enough. It is about 26 dollars. 
Summery
Chattime is a good place to eat with your friends. The price is acceptable. The food is fresh, seasoned and various food species. The service is ordinary but the foods are coming up quickly. The drinks of Chattime are special deserve to try.I enjoyed eating at the newly opened Chattime. The restaurant looks very chic and swanky, and offers an extensive menu. 
I ordered the Kani salad, and the 3 roll dinner special. 
The types of roll one can incorporate into the order is diverse and covers a variety of flavors: raw or cooked, vegetables, seafood, and tempura. 
The restaurant offers quite a lot of European desserts, in addition to mochi and fruit sorbets. 
If you are in University City, I recommend this restaurant. The establishment is clean and the food is well prepared. The staff is accommodating and very polite. I will return!Stopped in for a solo dinner midweek.  Excellent sushi, prompt courteous service, menu has good diversity of options.  Would definitely return.  Note: beer and wine only, table service and take out only, no sushi bar.So sad I didn't come here earlier! Such a great place for solid ambiance, value, and quality of taste.
Came here with a friend (we are both super sushi lovers) for dinner. Did the three rolls for $14 deal-- such a steal. I chose the sweet potato, avocado, and avocado peanut rolls. All three were amazing, and came with 6 pieces each. Let me reiterate-- 18 pieces for $14. Amazing.
My favorite was the avocado roll, followed by the sweet potato. Yummmm typing about it makes me miss it.
Service was great and quick. Overall, a great experience. Excited to try out some lunch specials!Chattime does a great job with great Asian food for value. I tried the Roasted Duck with Shaved Noodles recently, and received a huge bowl with copious amounts of soup, meat, and vegetables for only $8.50. It's hard to find any place that has genuine shaved noodles or hand drawn noodles outside of Chinatown!
Out of all the sushi places I have been to in University City, Chattime also has a wide selection of sushi for a great price. I tried the Mango Hawaiian roll and Purple (eggplant) roll, both of which were delicious. The rolls were presented beautifully and were flavorful. 
Their bubble teas are also fantastic, and cheaper compared to other bubble tea servers in University City (Beijing, Carina Tea & Waffles). For just $2.50, you can get choose a bubble tea out of their wide selection for flavors. A dollar more can get you a large smoothie. The avocado smoothie is my personal favorite. I also really enjoyed the green tea bubble tea as well. They also soak their tapioca in syrup, unlike competitor bubble tea shops, which makes them especially sweet and delicious!
Since they've just opened, service is a bit slow if you're sitting down to eat. Doesn't take a ridiculous amount of time to get your food or to get your check, just around 5-10 minutes longer than what I'm used to, which only gave us more time to enjoy the beautiful and modern décor, and their eclectic choice of 90's hip hop music. I'm sure things will start improving as the months start passing! 
TL; DR: Great, cheap Asian food in University City! Come for the bubble tea, noodles (shaved and hand-drawn), and sushi.One of my favorite restaurants on campus! The noodle soups are great and so is the mix and match sushi deal they have. The boba makes a great dessert.My husband and I met our son and gf for lunch here today. We only had to wait 10 minutes or so for a table. We had a very loud group of young Asian students behind us, but thankfully they left before our food arrived. I like the decor and the menu, which was quite varied with something to please everyone.
Above all, we had the best waiter I have had in years, anywhere. I am sorry to say I didn't get his name, but he was pleasant, patient, accommodating with our special requests, and everything came out to our specs. Wonderful, pleasant young man.
I had hand drawn lamb noodle soup, which was great except the broth was too salty. The sushi rolls and bento boxes ordered by the rest of the group passed muster. I would gladly go back again, and hopefully will get the same waiter - what a nice young man.I've gone here twice for lunch both times. Sushi is subpar but you can't beat the lunch specials. First time I got the bento box with shrimp tempura which was a huge portion with rice, 3 California rolls , 4-5 tempura vegetables and 3 huge pieces of shrimp tempura along with a soup or salad to start. That whole meal cost was 11 dollars. The second time I got the maki sushi lunch special 2 rolls for 9 dollars. You can't beat the price for lunch but don't expect excellent quality sushi.I've tried a couple noodle houses in philly but chattime is hands down my favorite! Good food and amazing service. 
The food was delicious, I had the fried calamari and also the tempura shrimp for appetizers, both super tasty and crispy. Also, I got the beef brisket hand drawn noodle, the broth is addictive, the noodles are the right texture, not mushy but not undercooked,the veggies are cooked perfect!
The service is so inviting and warm. The staff are all super friendly. They greet u at the door, answer all ur question and even when they are packed, they still wear a smile.
The restaurant it self is super clean and inviting.Chattime may look familiar with the bubble tea location, Chatime, but be alarmed: they are both two different companies. 
Located in University City, Chattime is both a bubble tea place and restaurant, specializing Japanese and Chinese food. I have been here a few times already and it has, arguably, the best bubble tea in University City.
Thoughts about Bubble Tea and the food:
1) Bubble Tea
From $2.75 to ~$4.00, you can get bubble tea, yakult, smoothies, and more. It was different to see yakult (childhood yogurt drink) in the selection, and definitely recommend the passion fruit yakult. For smoothies, I recommend the taro coconut smoothie. These are just some of the drinks that I usually order, but overall, Chattime is one of the better places for bubble tea. 
2) Food
Food here isn't the greatest, but Chattime definitely have the presentation and portion. I have ordered the noodle soups, sushi, bento boxes, appetizers and entreees here; most of them have satisfied me. Service was not always on point since I was there last time. Service was definitely really bad and rude. The server was constantly looking at our bill, making sure that I paid the bill if he wanted me to leave the restaurant asap. I have been to Chattime last week and I definitely can say that service greatly improved. The server answered my questions, knew his stuff,  and was able to give me recommendations. The food prices are moderate, most of which priced below $20. If you want to get really full, I definitely recommend the bento box. 
I would recommend others to give this place a try, whether if it is a normal hang out with friends or a date. :)While I was standing at the sinks in the bathroom, I watched one of the kitchen staff rinse her hands with water and walk out. It's a shame because my sushi was tasty, everyone else's soups and noodles looked good, and my waiter was friendly. I would have gone back to Chattime if I didn't feel like I had to worry about getting sick due to poor hygiene practices.I came here for bubble tea and found myself a resturant. 
I've been here around 3-4 times strictly for bubble tea, so this review might not represent the resturant in terms of their hot food.
If you're familiar with the Chattime brand, don't be alarmed when you walk in. They sell bubble tea, it's just not great bubble tea. This place is isn't awful. It's the best one in university city.
Even if you don't like jasmine tea, I highly recommend the jasmine milk tea. It's just a more tasty version of the original milk tea.
Their bubbles are ehhh... Sometimes they are decent, other times they are awful. 
Atleast the bubble tea prices are cheaper than the ones in Chinatown.Chattime is a great option for a fairly inexpensive but somewhat nicer meal on campus. Their menu is pretty extensive, although I've only ever ordered their hand drawn noodles and udon (perfect cold weather food!). I like eating here because it's close, quick and tasty. I've ordered the duck noodle soup, which actually has a sizable portion of meat and more noodles than I could ever finish, and the nabeyaki udon, which has a mix of seafood, shrimp tempura, and vegetables. And it's only around $10-15. The soup is hot, sweet and savory, and the noodles are really fresh (made in house!) and have a nice bite to them. As others have mentioned, the service can be spotty, but it's what I've come to expect of asian establishments.
Sometimes I'll stop by to grab bubble tea because there's no other place on campus that really has it. You can order just inside the door without having to walk fully into the restaurant, which is nice. I would definitely suggest ordering half or little sugar in your drink because the normal amount can be overly sweet. I particularly like the jasmine milk tea with jelly or the taro coconut with boba!My friend and I thought to split the 2 entreee combo.  But because it is listed as 2 entrées combo, the entire amount of food is just the size of one entree, and it's not enough to share with someone, especially if you're hungry.  We ordered a chicken dish and beef dish (forgot the exact names because their menu isn't up yet), but despite not much identifying information on the actual dish names, the meat for both was very well cooked. The beef was tender and the chicken was excellently flavored.  
The restaurant has a cafeteria like feel in the first area upon entry and that's where you can get bubble tea to go. The dining area in the back is tastefully decorated.  
Slightly overpriced, but if you're in dire need of pretty okay asian food, this is a good option.I came with my colleagues for lunch on 8/27. We were seated very quickly but we didn't start getting our orders until 45 mins later. Some of us waited a whole hour. I had miso soup spilled on me. When I got my beef negamaki my beef and vegetables were so cold. I won't be coming back here again.The customer service for take out was okay, but the sushi was horrible. The rice was too dry and something smelled bad. I think it was the seaweed. Couldn't even eat the salmon bc it was so bad. The rolls were unevenly cut and messy. Would not recommend to anyone. Ever. Also, I'm pretty sure the guy who rang me up was one of the previous people who gave this place a good review.BEST boba on campus. 
That being said, the rest is subpar. Because they have such great boba, I'd give them two stars, but I've docked three for the following reasons:
 I find the staff to be rude and the waiting staff to be either rude or on their own time. There have been countless times I'd be waiting for my food or even waiting to order. I find the soup to be good, but the rest of the dishes to be nothing special. So now, I typically go to solely order boba and leave immediately (they'll usually give you glares if you stay to drink it).
EDIT 13 March 2015:
Went back to eat for the first time since their opening and I'm happily satisfied with the service! He was very fast, polite, and even when they forgot to package my soup to-go, he was incredibly apologetic which was appreciative. I bumped it up to 4 stars for the kind waiting service (though their baristas are still a little rude). 
The hand-shaved noodle soup (beef brisket, $8.50) is pretty salty and I found it a little difficult to finish without needing a few cups of water. However, the portions are fairly big and I only finished half of mine.Great food and environment! It's a good place to hang out. 
The menu is very diversity. They have Chinese handmade noodle and Japanese food also. 
All the materials are very fresh and clean. I really love the bubble tea over there. 
Overall, I really recommend if you want to find a good restaurant for Japanese food.pretty good japanese food place. super like fresh sashimi and oyster shot here. have to try！the most surprised thing is they have fresh california sea urchin came everyday！and really recommend to try bubble tea there！tasty and the serves there is super nice.Given that I generally have lower expectations for places that are on or close to Penn's campus, Chattime is actually a pretty solid place to grab lunch, dinner, or just some bubble tea!
I've been to Chattime dozens of times and am always pretty happy with the food I get here. Their noodle soups are quite tasty and decently priced. I usually get the Japanese Roast Pork noodle soup. I actually like their sushi as well, and will often get the 3 rolls/$14 dinner special. Their rolls include a pretty high fish:rice ratio, which is definitely a plus, and their fish tastes pretty fresh to me. They have arguably the best bubble tea on campus; their tapioca is always the right amount of chewy to me. You can also vary the sweetness levels if you want to cut down on the sugar. Best of all, you can get a lot of boba for cheaper than some other places (it's $3.50 for a large).
The atmosphere here is sometimes a little confusing (?) here, and their music choice is kind of questionable sometimes and doesn't really match the decor. I think their space could be utilized a little better as well, but generally these things don't really bug me too much (I come for the food lol). Their service was definitely subpar when I've been here in the past, but I have to say that in my most recent visit, I was pleasantly surprised to see that the waiter we had actually provided pretty decent service and was attentive to us during the course of our meal. 
I actually wouldn't give Chattime 4 stars based on each of its individual aspects, but this place really caters to a variety of my needs. Whether I'm feeling like having some hot noodle soup, fresh sushi, or delicious bubble tea, I can always hit this place up without walking too far off Penn's campus.Bubble TEA is out of this world highly recommend this place.  Their food is really good too. I'm glad I work  near by so I can come here frequently.SUMMARY
Best bubble tea and sushi place on campus with smart management. I don't understand why people don't come here more often - probably because it's new and the location is a bit out of the way (next to Kiwi). It's about time that Penn got a decent sushi place - Mizu is okay but too small and there's never any room to sit. This place is fantastic - great food, great decor, friendly servers, fast service, and amazing value for the sushi you get.
FOOD - SUSHI
Sushi is fresh, high quality, and pretty much the best you could possibly wish for at the dinner pricing of $14 for 3 rolls. Never settle for the boxed stuff at Houston again. Some people are all uppity about their sushi but I personally can't tell the difference between this and the $45 places like Fuji Mountain.
FOOD - BUBBLE TEA
Bubble tea here is definitely the best on campus. $2.50 for a small with tapioca boba, which is usually more than enough if you get it with food (I never finish mine).  They use real ingredients (i.e. the red bean tea actually contains red bean purée and is not from a powdered mix like Carina). Beijing isn't even worth mentioning. :p
SERVICE
Waiters are friendly, professional, and fast. Food usually comes within 10 minutes of ordering. No complaints. You can sit down or order takeout sushi/bubble tea from the bar at the front - no difference in service speed.
DECOR/FEEL
Really big, plenty of seating, have never had to wait for a table even during busy lunch/dinner times. Menus are beautiful and typo-free. Large tables with comfy chairs/booths, bamboo dividers, faux-stone on the walls (well done though, not tacky) and a soft blue light which lends a nice feel. Plates are large and artsy, food is nicely arranged without going overboard. Would not feel embarassed taking a friend here at all despite the great prices (sub-$20 for a meal with bubble tea), whereas Mizu feels a little more dumpy/hole-in-the-wall.
BUSINESS/MANAGEMENT ATTITUDE
Experienced two great customer service judgement calls here which have made me a loyal fan. The first time, a friend misunderstood the dinner combo and ordered five different rolls, thinking that the dinner combo would allow her to pick five different types of sushi. Seeing as the rolls would be $7-8 each when ordered separately, this would have amounted to $35-40 on the bill in addition to the other stuff she ordered. When she explained her mistake, management agreed to take the rolls off the bill and let her redo her order.
Second example was when I was accidentally given the wrong order and started eating because I was hungry/distracted by conversation. Two pieces in I realized it wasn't what I had ordered - server took the whole thing back, was very apologetic, brought the correct order immediately, and didn't charge me extra. Very impressed.I tried the sashimi lunch, and it was extremely disappointing. I still haven't figured out how to explain to people how you know if fish doesn't taste right. While fresh is usually best, sometimes fish needs to be aged before serving. I don't know what it was, but I just couldn't finish the sashimi. I had to chew gum afterward to get the bad taste out of my mouth. I'll stick with the cooked items next time.This is one of my favorite restaurants in University City! 
My experience with here is mostly limited to their noodles, but they are absolutely delicious! I definitely recommend trying the hand shaved noodles. They may take a bit longer to prepare, but for some reason the hand shaved noodles just feel more satisfying than the hand drawn noodles, which taste a bit artificial to me. 
The restaurant itself is surprisingly spacious and nice on the inside. Previously occupied by another restaurant that no one ever goes, it was an absolute mystery to see what was inside. The surrounding area of the restaurant is not promising, but the restaurant is like a cozy getaway from the cold winters in Philly. 
Lastly, the bubble tea is wonderful too! Try it cold or hot, and you have choices over what flavor and how sweet. Try it once and you'll keep on coming back!So, I'm pretty sure this place just changed it's name to "Ochatto" (?) buttttt everything else is still the same as it's always been. This is def one of my favorite lunch spots in Univ City, especially since it's only a few minutes away from my office. The sushi tastes really fresh, and the hand-drawn noodle soups are fantastic! Good lunch specials, too - you can get a 2 roll maki combo for $9. Most of the noodle soups are around $10, too, and you get a pretty big portion, so it's definitely easy on the budget.What this place really is is a Chinese noodle shop, hidden behind a Japanese facade.
That said, their sushi is not bad. I had the sushi / sashimi lunch combo today. The fish is fresh, the pieces large, but mostly comprised of tuna and salmon (actually, mostly tuna).
I've also tried their noodles. Even if you order the udon or ramen, it tastes extremely Chinese - I think it's the broth. However, for me, I didn't think it was a bad thing. I strongly recommend the hand shaved noodles.
This place is also probably one of the better options for bubble tea in University City - however, be forewarned, even 50% sugar is really sweet. I'm going to opt for 25% next time.Finally, real bubble tea on campus!
The Good: Their tea is quite tasty and not too sweet. Chattime offer lots of ways to customize your drink too. Service is fast and friendly if you're ordering tea to-go.
The Bad: Pearl texture is unique -- chomp down on the chewy balls and your teeth will sink right in. A matter of personal preference, but you might find it weird if you're used to maximal chewy-ness.
I'll be back to try their food.I was really excited to see that this former-Han-Wool place is now a hand drawn noodle place, something not so common around University City. I hoped that it would be my new go-to place for noodle in U.C. 
Unfortunately, the noodle soup I ordered was not impressive at all. For one, I didn't get enough beef/veggie in my noodle soup for the price I paid. (I usually get more from Sangkee and still pay a similar price). Secondly, the noodle I had was in no comparison to the one I had in Chinatown (Nanzhou Hand Drawn Noodle). The noodle lacked certain "bouncy-ness" in the texture and was in fact a bit too sticky (or doughy) to my taste. Perhaps my expectation was too high...
To be fair, the service and restaurant decor are nice. And it is a cheaper restaurant for noodle/sushi bubble tea if the area. If I were just looking for a quick bite on the go, I'd say this place is fine. But if I want some delicious noodles, it'll still be Chinatown for me.
UPDATE 06/27/2014: I ordered sushi from this place for the first time. For a $6 roll, I was very happy with the amount of fish I got. The sushi tasted fresh and very nice. So bringing the rating to 3 star if I order ONLY sushi from here (no noodle still).I decided to check out Chattime since university city doesn't really have a lot of shops that sell boba. I hope that this was just that one time I went, but I ordered a honey green tea with boba and it was the most bitter green tea I have ever had. I am Chinese and I drink tea all the time, with and without sugar/honey. I'm used to bitter teas, but they must have over steeped the tea leaves multiple times to make it this bitter. I thought it was super bitter, but I figured, what the heck, I already bought it, I might as well finish it. I told my friend to try it and she almost wanted to spit it out. She said it tasted like soap and it made her mouth feel dry. The drink was also not cheap even though it was just green tea. My friend did order a honeydew drink and thought that it tasted okay compared to mine, but nothing fancy or delicious. I hope they can work on steeping their tea leaves at the right temperature and time length so that it doesn't come out so bitter. I don't even want to comment on the boba, which tasted hard on the inside and soft on the outside, not an even consistency. I might try it again just to give this place another chance to redeem itself. Otherwise, I'd hit up kung fu tea or tea do in chinatown to make it right.
BTW, this review is just for the drinks. I have not had the food, so sorry if it's a low rating. Also, I'm from Los Angeles, so boba and teas are my thing and it's hard to find anything comparable in Philly.Only reviewing my take-out bubble tea experience. I stayed at the Sheraton across the street, so Chattime was a convenient spot for me to grab a drink to go. 
The staff was friendly and the interior was clean and modern. Prices were reasonable, $2.50 for a small and $3.50 for a large bubble tea. 
A little on the milky side, but the tea was flavorful and tapioca pearls were soft and of the correct consistency. 
I can't speak about their food, but their bubble tea is decent and inexpensive. Chattime is a good choice if you're in the mood for bubble tea in University City.I am from New York and oftening visiting Manhattan's Chinatown I am obessed with bubble tea, mainly milk tea. They have a couple of Chattime in NYC and they were delicious! 
This one at UC is not affliated with the ones in NYC (I asked!). Their tea is not strong, bummer on my end, but is still acceptable. Currently a Drexel Student, I will be a frequent customer.I debated on whether 3 or 4 stars, the bubble tea is good, typical & just right. Now, I expected that the oxtail soup to be good (being a big fan of it), should have passed, the meat was nowhere to be soft as I would expect especially being in a soup, lovely shrooms & broth was at all salty, I'll likely try something to give this place another chance.I almost go to Chattime every day. I love the handdrawn noodle and shaved noodle. I like beef noodle seafood noodle most. To add the Sichuan spicy and hot flavor into the noodle is a fantastic way, which I found out recently. I also like the filet mignon and Chilean sea bass in Chattime. The seafood udon is also a good choice! These are all the main dishes that I always order.
I also ordered some dishes like Japanese Dumplings, sushi, sashimi, and duck rolls???( I'm not sure about the name). All in all, food in Chattime is worth to have a try!
The drinks in Chattime is also attractive! The milk tea with real red beans and the Yakult drinks are drinks I like best. My friend recommended me to order the peach tea with aloe, which is a fantastic combination! You can also just order and try! 
The service and environment of the Chattime is perfect. You can trust me because I go there everyday. Servers are all very enthusiastic. Compare to other restaurants near Drexel, this is the only choice because of the good food, good service and relative low price!Food: Get a soup, it's decent and an okay value. Everything else is overpriced and not that great. 
Bubble tea: Terrible! I've been three times, just thinking I need to order a different item or communicate better! Most are made from powders that are way, way, undrinkable and sweet (even when you ask for no extra sugar.) Very disappointing.Amazing sushi for a great price.  The jasmine bubble tea ( and the bubble teas/smoothies in general) are absolutely amazing.  Recommendations to order: The Angry Dragon, The Green Godzilla, and The Rock and Roll.  It actually makes me upset to see the 1-2 star reviews of this place- such misleading information!Came here for the lamian (pulled noodles) and they were pretty decent. The brisket noodles were a okay and the pull was good too. Though the quantity of brisket was no where near Nanzhou LaMian if Chitown, and the brisket chunks were smaller and stringier in comparison. 
However, I am a bit disappointed at the extremely inflated price. I know that you are in a prime location, but you do need to readjust your price point to match competitors in center city. Your rolls are averaging about a 15-25% mark up on comparable rolls in the city. Do consider that college students are your main market; it doesn't take a Wharton MBA to tell you that.
Adjust your price appropriately and the business will follow. I have high hopes for this place; it just needs  a few changes (happy hour maybe?).
Will be coming back shortly to see change.Pretty good bubble tea and hand draw noodle around University City. Definition worth a try.Great noodle soups, average sushi, nice atmosphere and prompt service. They also do bubble teas and I am a huge fan of the Nata Jelly Green Milk Tea. I particularly like that they allow you to choose your sugar level in the drink. During peak hours, you can watch the noodle man making the hand-drawn noodles at a station next to the sushi bar. Everything seems pretty authentic to me, and since I'm one of the few non-Asians to frequent this place, I think my assumption about it being authentic is correct :)Yelp wouldn't post my first review for some reason - 
I've dined here several times and have taken takeout here on multiple occasions. Given the selection of sushi restaurants in the neighborhood, this is by far my favorite. While I haven't tried their other dishes, if you are looking for a relatively inexpensive sushi meal - this is the place to go in University City. 
The only thing is that I wish they were BYOB or offered a better selection of booze. (They only serve sake and beer).I'm usually in University City at least once a week, and when I am, it's usually during the lunch hour.  The spot where Chattime is now located has been many different businesses, but I never got around to trying it until recently.  They have a great lunch special where you can get 2 sushi rolls for $9, and thus far, I've been very happy with the sweet potato roll and the mango shrimp roll.  In addition, they serve udon, tempura, bubble tea and other flavored cold beverages.  The interior layout and lighting are rather pleasing to the eye, and while I've never dined in (always gotten my sushi to go), it makes waiting for my sushi (which isn't long at all) a bit more pleasurable.  Here's to hoping Chattime sticks around longer than its predecessors have!I generally go for the noodle soup here - some of the most authentic Asian food in the University City area. That comes with a couple caveats: the shou lamian (hand-drawn noodles) don't have the texture you generally expect, and the broth is a little generic. It doesn't feel like there's a huge difference between the shave noodles and shou lamian. I'd also stick with the 'Chinese' noodles options versus the 'Japanese' noodles (i.e. udon, teriyaki noodle soup). Overall, still very good - a great option when you're craving something of substance. 
I'm not too familiar with the bubble tea or sushi, but I do think the bubble tea is good for its price point - also some of the best in University City. Convenient and with a large selection. The sushi selection looks good and my friends enjoy it, but that's all I've got.
The restaurant interior is new and feels comfortable; the ambience works. Service is above average. They also have a (somewhat expensive) selection of Chinese/Japanese beers.Friendly staff and really good food. I am not a huge sushi fan but i really enjoyed the sushi there. My friend is very picky and they were very patient with her and pretty much made her a custom noodle soup.
The only thing I find funny is the name if the restaurant. They could have been more creative..lolBubble tea and hand shaved & hand drawn noodles. Decor inside is trendy, plus they have a full bar. Service was pretty good too.Best sushi! Friendly service and a great spot when you're in University city or visiting International House!First things first, set low expectations for service. Second, this place is great for a specific food fix: a solid bowl of noodle soup (sliced beef, duck, roast pork) and cheap bubble tea (taro, red bean, jasmine). I've had some mediocre experiences with other things on their menu (lunch specials, rolls). Once you accept those, this is a great casual place to get an affordable meal.Nice atmosphere , friendly services. I love the hand shaved noodle soup. Yummy yummy :)  definitely have to try the bbq squid , sauce is so gooood ~ price is affordable . Will definitely come backFantastic restaurant for hanging out with friends! A very good environment for meals. I like the decoration of all dishes! They look great. The food there is very delicious! Good service, too! A very good restaurant in university city for you and your friends to hang out! Highly recommend you guys to go there!I haven't eaten here and not sure if I would. The place seems a little dark, not sure what kind of mood or setting they are going for. I did have there bubble tea, which is very good. But the person waiting on me made me feel as though I was inconveniencing her ( the place only had 6 people in it eating, so they were not busy). Not the most friendly person, but my bubble tea was good and it was less than a 5 min wait.I will preface this by saying that I think the bubble tea here is pretty good - not too expensive, but still high quality, and lots of selection. Definitely coming back here for that. 
However, the food paled in comparison. I ordered the chicken udon ramen (noodle soup), as well as the gyoza as an appetizer. My boyfriend got the pork ramen. Both were mediocre at best -- the broth was pretty bland, and the meat was too. It definitely needed more flavor and I couldn't eat more than half of it. The gyoza was pretty good, but I don't think I've ever had bad gyoza.
If I come back here, I will give the sushi a shot, since that might be what they're better at. But definitely coming back for the bubble tea - the best bubble tea in West Philly by far.Comparing to other sushi place in the city, chattime is so much better!!  The food is very tasty and well made. I will definitely go back for more =)Really horrible service! They just did not pay attention to customers. The noodles are okay while other things are not. Would never go there again.I love Chattime! It is the perfect place for a casual sit down lunch or dinner. The food tastes great and is reasonably priced, the bubble tea is fantastic (taro is my favorite) and the service is always friendly. I've been going there for over a year now and have never been disappointed!I have been to chattime couples of times. The sushi here was fresh as always. Their hand drawn noodle soups were as authentic as in China. I also love their bubble tea. I think it is the best in the university city.I'm a college student who loves sushi and is determined to try every sushi restaurant within walking distance of my home, but I keep coming back to Chattime
 "Angry dragon" roll especially lives up to its name. Every other choice I've tried has lived up to expectations, including sushi, rice rolls.
The location is next to kiwi frozen yogurt.the inside is clean and what you'd expect from any decent sushi restaurant. The servers are exceptionally polite and service itself is quick. 
If you want good sushi from good people at a good price, go to Chattime.On my last trip to the city of brotherly love, a friend and I were on a mission to find a good sushi joint. I literally combed through the world wide web reading reviews and analyzing the menu and specials of each restaurant. An hour later, my friend's hunger had increased exponentially and his patience was running thin. What can I say, I'm thorough lol. We decided to go to Chattime because they had good reviews and a pretty decent dinner special: 3 rolls for $14. When we got there, we kinda regretted getting takeout because the ambiance and decor was definitely impressive. We got salmon avacado x 2, spicy salmon, spicy yellowtail and spider roll x 2. They rolls were so friggin delicious..with the exception of the spider roll. It wasnt really all that flavourful and it kinda fell apart and ended up being too much work so it was shunned to the side like the ugly step sister. But the rest of the rolls were phenomenal. The fish was beyond fresh and flavourful and the spicy mayo was definitely something to write home about. Almost forgot I even got a mango bubble tea...it was definitely forgettable. All things considered: this place earned a solid 4 stars for the food, price and ambience.Our dinner at Chattime was delicious and pleasant...with a couple of exceptions. Don't get me wrong - we were happy. I feel good about the experience. Read on...
Things that we loved included the spicy crunchy tuna, the Green Godzilla, the Fancy Spider, the Black Dragon, and the Philly. All sashimi was great as well. My avocado salad was also decent - fresh and crisp lettuce, ripe avocado and perfect cucumbers and tomatoes with the standard ginger dressing. Our waters were always full. The hot sake was lovely. Our waitstaff was attentive and very nice.
Now the exceptions. We didn't LOVE every roll we got - the Mango Hawaii and the sweet potato rolls in particular. The former was bland and the latter a bit undercooked. And the waitstaff - while as I mentioned were attentive and nice - bordered on a bit pushy when it came to encouraging us to order more. Not a deal breaker however.
Overall, we had a great night at Chattime and would come back. We love nearby Stephen Starr sushi mecca, Pod, but it can be a bit expensive. This is a notch lower on the price totem pole, but we still dropped a cool $125 on dinner for three, so plan ahead. We also noticed some noodles dishes at a nearby table that looked pretty awesome, so maybe something for us to explore next time! Give Chattime a try if you're in the area!This place has some great hand drawn noodles and sushi. The specialty rolls are not just tasty and fresh, but beautifully crafted and makes for a fun dining experience. What I really go here for,  though, is the bubble tea. They have the best coconut taro bubble tea (my go-to flavor) in philly. My boyfriend who was never into bubble tea, now wants it everytime we go. Must try.