I was looking for a place to bring my fam after attending an event that took place in the morning. Searched on yelp and found this place b/c the hours indicated that the restaurant opened at 11:30am. I show up family in tow and see that the hours on the door indicate 2p. So I try the door, its open great. I look and see food displayed in the case, great. But what wasn't great was Chef Ken's rude attitude telling me they were closed. Next time don't have a case full of food and an unlocked door. Jerk!I tried chef kens cafe one time and one time is all it took for me not to return. I originally tried chef Ken's cafe on the amazing review from Mr. Anthony Bourdain (Rip) but let's be honest the food was mediocre at best. The Mac n cheese had cheese on the top layer only, the shrimp I had were not fresh I can get better shrimp from red lobster, the collard greens were ok but you can't really mess up greens unless you don't season them properlyThere is no better place to eat in Mt. Airy then Chef Ken's.  I thought I may be over selling it for a long while, but after introducing at least a a half dozen people to the food; they all agree.  Don't let the hot bar and styrofoam containers dissuade you, both contain the best southern style cooking I've had above the Mason-Dixon (or possible below it).The first time we tried Chef Ken's, I turned to my husband and said "I'm so mad we've lived here for 6 years and we're only just now trying this." The BBQ chicken is to die for. The sides are delicious!No competition hands down as far as soul food goes. I have eaten here several times and driven across town to do so. This is the spot if you want a good meal!!!Chef Ken's is hands down the BEST soul food cafe/restaurant in Philadelphia! My husband and I have always been very pleased with all of the meals we have had from CKs. The service is great as Chef Ken has personally greeted us and chatted with us, which is something you rarely see these days. My personal favorites are CKs Mac n' cheese, fried shrimp and collard greens. Hubby has had the ribs and they look really tender (falling off the bone). Lastly, the portions are HUGE!! One platter could easily be eaten over 2 days; however, it is so good that you can't help but eat it all in one sitting.The food is good however it always takes 15-20 mins when it's already made. Parking on the Ave is always an issue, cash only. Don't get me wrong, I'll eat here but if you don't time it right this place is very overrated.Excellent food, excellent service!
Chef Ken is a true gentleman and Southern hospitality lives here in Mount Airy!It's great - the menu isn't terribly diverse, but it's all extremely solid, and a great part of the neighborhood.After living in the area for almost 3years, I decided to finally try this place. I went for lunch. For the price I paid, I did get a lot of food. I went with the roasted and bbq chicken. I wanted the brisket but it wasn't ready yet and I didn't have time to wait. 
I think I ate the food over 3days. I got the  rice and beans which was disappointingly not as tasty as I would expect. It was very bland oddly. 
I want to try the brisket the next time and also some of their vegetable side optionsI told Chef Ken I wanted to write him a "food love letter" because his food was SO amazing. You pay around $15 for a dinner with two sides, but it's *at least* two meals. His food was some of the best food I have had in awhile. Thanks Chef Ken!I went here tonight during the Mt Airy iteration of the "Night Market".  I thought that perhaps this would be a good solution to the lengthy lines the various food trucks had. 
Boy was I wrong....
There was only 4 people ahead of me in the order line, but the cashier was too busy bagging orders for the 12 people who had already ordered to come over to us.  There was only 1 other person working the kitchen, who I assumed was the "chef".  
Ten minutes later the cashier took my order and told me that there were out of jambalaya and collard greens.  Okay, jambalaya, I'll give you, but running out of greens in a soul food restaurant is like running out of rice in a Chinese restaurant.
I ordered our platters and sat and waited for our food to be ready, and waited and waited......
I saw that the couple ahead of us got their food and I immediately shot to the pickup counter to see if our food was being packaged.  It was not.  
All the while more and more people had entered the restaurant and waited for the cashier to take their order(s).  The cashier was stressing out due to the volume whereas the "chef" kept telling him that he certainly wasn't.  "I don't care, I'm fine."   Then he announced to the crowd that they should tell the bank to approve his loan so that he can increase his space.
NEWSFLASH: the problem isn't due to your perceived lack of space, its the fact that your sorely understaffed.  You knew way ahead of time that people would be flooding Germantown Avenue due to the "Night Market" and you chose not to hire more help.
I turned to the cashier and reminded him of my order and he said, "coming right up!"  In the meantime I see people who came in after me leave with their multiple orders, after waiting over 30 minutes; I had enough.  
I announced  to the people in line that I wasted 30 minutes of my life and have nothing to show for it, one woman in line asked for confirmation and when I said "yes" she left with me.  
Next time I need a soul food fix, I'll go to Gigi's & Big R's, thanks for nothing Ken.Huhhhhh. The wait is killer.
Would easily give this five stars, but the food takes soooo long to prepare, and we can never get anyone on the phone to take a pickup order. So, you have to walk over, order and wait 20-30 minutes.
The food is excellent though, and I do hope it stays in the Mt. Airy community.Such a delicious meal was had! We were in PA for the weekend and this place was recommended by the October Gallery proprietor's son, Lamar.  We met Kenneth, the owner and was impressed with the food.  My ribs were out of the Flintstone era...so damn good...I needed a good nap afterwards! 
Hubby had turkey meatloaf, we both had fantastic sides with our meal!.  The prices were extremely reasonable.  Love this place and will be back!  Sweet tea and lemonade were great.Chef Ken is serving up fantastic soul food.  The mains are the real star here; I can't tell you lsat time I had brisket that moist or flavorful.  The smells that emanate while you're waiting for food just heighten the anticipation. There was a lot of fat on the brisket, and it was awesome. This is not a dinner for the health conscious. 
A few of the sides can be hit or miss, I didn't love the Mac and Cheese like many other people seem too.  Mixed veggies were a bit overcooked.  Yams were a good choice.  Over all, I love the experience of getting a meal here. There's only a few small tables here, it's not the best place to dine in. 
Bottom Line: This is a small to-go joint, but it's serving up food with big portions and flavor, and at a fantastic price.  Don't wait to eat here.I had a very disappointing experience today with Chef Ken's Cafe. I called earlier this week and was told they would be opening today at 1 with the full regular menu. I took my husband there after church for Father's Day lunch. We got there at about 1:20, the place was dark, the door was locked and there was no answer when I called the phone number on the door, and the voicemail message did not explain why they were not open. This review only has 2 stars because the food really is delicious, I wish you better luck than us trying to get some.I'm from uptown but i live in Maryland now. Just came back from visiting and i stopped by to get the turkey wings and beef ribs from Chef Ken... Mannnnn those platters were on point! As always very generous portions and the green, yams, mac-n-cheese and jambalaya rice were delicious too. Until next time...So I decided to try Chef Ken's café yesterday while I was on Germantown Avenue getting my hair done.  I read the yelp reviews so I knew what to expect, a wait for my food. That's okay because Chef Ken has a sign in his restaurant that states there is no microwave on premises all food is prepared and cooked.   Thats  fine with me because when I go to a soul food restaurant I expect the real deal.  I ordered the whiting fish platter with collard greens macaroni and cheese and cornbread came with it.  I got seven pieces of fish which were fried perfectly, not greasy and under seasoned.  I am a strong critic on collard  greens because  coming from my family I know what good ones  should taste like and they were very good. Now the macaroni and cheese on the other hand  on the scale of 1 to 10 I will probably give it a 5. It did not have much cheese and it had too much pepper! The pineapple coconut cake was good also. Chef Ken was very nice as well as the employees in the restaurant and I would come back.The food was good enough, but they weren't very friendly. We went last weekend. It was 200 degrees in the restaurant, so we ate outside.  They ran out of yams, promised to bring it out to us while we were eating, and never came back.  They tried to placate us with corn on the cob.  It didn't work.  I had out-of-town visitors that wanted soul food that day, otherwise I would have preferred something not-so-heavy on a hot day.  
Not sure if I will return or not.Another great meal at Chef Kens. If you are looking for great food at a great price you gotta checkout Ken's Chef Ken cooks healthly soul food thats not fatty and unhealthly. 
Every item is hand and homemade daily. Check out Chef Ken12/20 I was watching Anthony Bourdaine and saw where Mr. Bourdane visited my old Hood. My heart warmed when I saw that a new soul food restaurant opened minutes from where I grew up.  I'm gonna get right to it. The food was straight right HORRIBLE!!!! I had the BBQ wing dings, mixed greens, and yams.  No freaking corn bread. The corn bread hadn't been delivered yet ! I know  a little something about restaurants and soul food. This place first makes horrible food. Second they are making it a days ahead and then heating it up before opening. Sorry when I want quality soul food I dont expect it to be heated up and put on a steam rack like its fresh and dont want horrible food heated up.Man I was so excited to be going to this place and the food was TERRIBLE. After reading the reviews theres alot of lying folks writing good reviews for this place... Horrible Horrible Horrible ! I'm shocked that Anthony Bourdaine didnt remove this segment off the Philly show!!! DONT waste your time or Money !! You will be disappointed!They make a breakfast that'd put your grandma's cooking to shame. It's a completely customizable menu and you 
get a free buttermilk biscuit with your breakfast!My husband and I just recently discovered Chef Ken's and we LOVE it! We've been twice and both times the food has been so delicious, and Chef Ken himself comes out to thank you personally for coming in and to let you know that he appreciates you. He is the friendliest guy ever. I am a born-and-raised southern girl living up here in the north, and I assure you this food is authentic southern food, and Chef Ken will show you genuine southern hospitality. 
I would recommend sharing a platter if you are not a huge eater. Usually I eat until I'm about to burst and I still have enough left over for another whole meal. The brisket is out of this world!We're from New Orleans and we like Soul Food.  Chef Ken's is the real deal.  It's take-out with seating and the staff will talk to you while you wait (and may convince you to eat-in and continue laughing and gabbing).
All the entrees are good, the blackened halibut is my favorite and is made to order.  My wife LOVES the BBQ chicken.  There are no surprises on the menu, just good, quality Soul Food.  There are some desserts (peach cobbler, et al) in containers that you may find yourself eating in the car on the way home.
Ken is a welcomed addition to my neighborhood and since he dropped the price to $12 for entree and two sides is one of the best deals in town.I split the roasted chicken platter with my wife for dinner last night, and it was awesome. It came with great mac and cheese (or so I'm told, because I only got one bite before it disappeared), wonderful southern-style green beans, and respectable corn bread. The place was fairly busy on a Friday night, and Chef Ken still came out and chatted with me for a few minutes while they were wrapping my platter for take out. He said they were considering opening a second location in NoLibs, which would be awesome because I work in Old City, and could get Ken's for lunch, too. They were sold out of peach cobbler (so sad), so I tried the sweet potato crunch. It was great - almost like a bread pudding with lots of great crunchy brown sugary goodness to dig through. Perfectly authentic southern food right here in Philly that's priced right - what more could you want?Chef Ken's, better than your mama's cooking.
The food here is amazing and Chef Ken is one of the nicest guys you will ever meet. Every time I go Chef always has time to talk, whether it be about his experiences with cooking, people he has prepared food for or just about anything else. Not to mention the food literally is so good my mouth is literally watering as I'm writing this review. Do yourself a favor and go visit this staple of Mt. Airy. You will not be disappointed.I haven't been here in a while but the food was still good. I had the bbq chicken and greens it was on point. The pricing is reasonable and is quite lower then others soul food restaurants in the area. The owner is one of the nicest people you could meet and always smiling and entertaining customers.Hands down better than all the surrounding soul food restaurants. ENORMOUS portions to last you days and very welcoming/friendly hospitality. Both chefs were outstanding. We had the wing dings, roasted chicken, mashed potatoes, yams, and Mac & Cheese. Food was beyond amazing. Definitely recommend coming here. This will now be my go-to soul food place.I lived in Mt Airy for about 5 years now and I only just recently started to vist Chef Kens.  My first experience was during the Night Market last year.  A lady was outside handing out pipin' hot mac and cheese.  This girl (me) does not like mac and cheese.  I think it usually smells like feet and only smells/tastes worse as it cools.  Gross.  But I took a bite and instantly I changed my mind. I like mac n cheese.  Well, only chef ken's.
Every platter is $10, which is such a bargain based on how much freaking food they serve you.  They don't always have brisket, but when they do, my taste buds sing hallelujah to the heavens. Their beef ribs are awesome too, but they usually don't have as much meat so you won't have any leftovers to save. But the sauce is finger-licking awesomesauce.
The collard greens is the best I've ever had, along with the mac n cheese, of course.  Other sides are good (like yams and mixed vegs).  For vegetarians, Ken offers a vegetarian platter for $10 that essentially is 3 sides, but it's a lot of food.  Can I get all 3 sides to be mac n cheese? 
But most importantly, Chef Ken is a great guy.  Friendly and sweet and still very humble and modest despite being interviewed and loved by Anthony Bourdain.  Prices did not go up after the "Layover" show aired.  Chef Ken also provides on occasions many pounds of chicken offal for my pup who eats raw chicken.... for free!
A tip: when you order take out, assume it will take about 25 minutes for your food to be ready.This food taste almost like home (can't be the same)! So good! We got blackened tilapia and fried shrimp and they were delicious! The greens were good and those candied yams were candied right! The only thing I had that I wasn't a fan of was the peach cobbler. It didn't look like a peach cobbler. Maybe we got the bottom of the pan? The rest of the food was delicious though and we are going back!!I learned tonight that I am officially an ass for living in Mt. Airy for 3 1/2 years and never, until now, eating at Chef Ken's. DO YOU KNOW WHAT I'VE BEEN MISSING!?
I went in once ages ago and spoke to Chef Ken himself- he was so nice and friendly. When I decided to go in tonight because I didn't want to cook, he was behind the counter again and JUST as nice, chatty, and sweet as before. I ordered the BBQ chicken (a whole half chicken), and for my two sides I got a double batch of collards. (I do love the collards). He threw in some cornbread, and I got a dessert. This is going to feed me for three days, no lie, and cost less than $20.
I couldn't wait to get my giant, heavy bag of food home, and I was NOT disappointed when I did. He did everything right- it was even wrapped up so well as to not spill or leak. The chicken was delicious, the greens perfect, and the cornbread- wow. 
Chef Ken makes his sides without animal fat, which to some Southerners, would be a sin. But he's in Mt. Airy and he really knows his audience. And I have to say- though they may not have bacon, those greens were not missing a damn thing. I don't know how he did it. I wouldn't have believed it myself until I tried them. 
After a large meal, I put it away to eat probably three more times. No lie. Chef Ken's is my new go-to comfort food place and I'm mad at myself for not being on it before!...huge portions and ridiculously good down home food.youll need a nap after eating here !.Chef Ken's Cafe exceeded my expectations. The staff was as friendly as they come. Chef Ken even let us try some of his ranch mashed potatoes on the house. Portions were generous, prices were reasonable and the food was awesome. I'd go back tomorrow.I live a few blocks from Chef Ken's and never went there because I thought it was affiliated with another local restaurant that I do not like. I can say I am sorry that I never checked that out before now! This is real soul food! Tonight we tried the fried wings, garlic mashed potatoes, green beans, mac and cheese and apple cobbler. All of the food was delicious! Well spiced, good quality, home cooked food! 
Next time, I want to try the greens, yams and ribs!OK lets be honest no one likes canned soul food! and Chef kens is can all the way!
the canned greens are salty, mushy mac and cheese with no cheese and no taste and the canned yams was OK and that's pushing it! 11 dollars for a canned platter of soul food! never again..Chef Ken's catered our wedding rehearsal dinner. Ken and Hassan were compassionate and reasonable in negotiating our dinner needs; they were willing to help us find solutions to keep everyone in the party fed and on-budget. They were very communicative in the weeks leading up to the event, and we had no troubles at all with day-of setup and drop off. The food, even under sterno heaters, was just as delicious in our rental space as it is at the restaurant. Ken and company even threw in some extra cobbler for us as a wedding present. Both the food and the service were top-notch. We'll be eating here again soon and wouldn't hesitate to recommend them as a caterer.Chef Ken's is one of the best undercover spots I have ever been to. The food is top notch. At first I used to complain that it was a little pricey for lunch but Chef Ken serves so much food it really is 2 meals.... I mean one person is not supposed to eat a whole half of a chicken..... and the ribs............ the ribs are huge..... They don't even fit into any regular takeout container.
To top it all off Chef Ken is one of the nicest friendliest people you will ever meet. He really takes the time to make sure you enjoy your experience.""This is NOT a FOOD REVIEW"" I give it 2 stars cus the store closed 45min early. Mind u, i called ahead for the store hrs. I came and the door was locked, ken let us in after  waiting alil. No hi no nothing not at all inviting. While walking in the workers was looking at him as if he was crazy to let us in so we left.then he locked and turned the lights off and they were closed 45min earlyBar none the portion size on any meal are enormous, but who cares when the sides are always dried out!!! Ive been here 3 times hoping and wishing that it would get better, no not at all. If you like dry and crusty food, then this is your spot. Frankly, i would rather eat from McDonald's.Very good! The fish is so tasty and you get so much! The sides are good too. We usually get Mac and cheese and yams. The place is kid friendly. The bathroom is always clean. The hospitality is wonderful! Never an issue with parking either.Chef Ken's employees and himself can be impatient and moody. Sometimes you can go and order food with friendly and accommodating customer service, other times it is the exact opposite-- unfriendly and not accommodating. The  inconsistency and recent price increase has caused them to loose my patronage to eat there. The food is satiable and is acceptable for soul food. I just prefer to be appreciated where I spend my good earns.I decided to give this place a try based on some of the reviews. I must say I am a little disappointed. I'm not sure if the guy behind the counter was the owner, but either he was having a bad day or he lacks customer service skills. When I walked into the restaurant I did not feel welcomed at all. I asked for a menu and he pointed to the wall. I was the only one in the restaurant but he made me feel as if I annoyed him for wanting food. I ordered the fried fish that could be seasoned a little better, mac&cheese taste bland and it was cold and the yams weren't that bad. I'm all for second chances but he needs to work on his customer service skills.I stopped in craving soul food and it was the best decision I've made! I had the fried whiting and the portion size is huge! I will be back!First of all, on my first visit to Chef Ken's Cafe, I was catching  a cold and really wanted to get food for my family so I wouldn't have to cook.  Chef Ken took one look at me and said he could tell I wasn't feeling well and got out some collard green juice...(Pot Liquor) for all you City Folk and he put some cayenne pepper in a small plastic cup and told me to add some to the warm juice when I got home....so I got great soul food and a cold remedy all in one visit!!!  I love the food!  If I could only copy his BBQ sauce!  Fruity, smokey, and just plain good!!!  I could go on and on but I'm so happy I found this spot where the food is made with love!!!We had Chef Ken prepare food for my mom's 70th birthday party. We had fried chicken, sweet potatoes, tossed salad, fried fish and macaroni and cheese. EVERYTHING was DELICIOUS. Most places I've eaten at don't  bake the Mac and cheese but Chef Ken baked his to perfection. I will definitely be back.My son and I dined here last Thursday. Chef Ken was very welcoming and pleasant. I got the baked BBQ chicken which was very tender; it just needed more BBQ sauce. I got the Mac & Cheese and mixed greens. They are ok; needed more seasoning. Their fried chicken was calling my name so I brought a breast which was a little pricey to me but it was delicious!!!! The portions are big so you can share a platter. Their chocolate cake wasn't anything special. I look forward to going back and trying more items. Enjoy!!!For real Southern hospitality without the road trip, do yourself a favor and get yourself to Chef Ken's Cafe. Mr. Smith cooks up some of the most authentic grub this side of the Mason Dixon line, and I should know - I'm a Southern girl all the way. We stopped in for some dinner to go and chose the BBQ chicken and Beef Brisket - each comes with two sides, so we went with Mac & Cheese, Collard Greens, Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans. Initially I was worried that it wouldn't be enough food for the family (party of four) but soon got over it when I picked up the bag - it weighed at least 10 pounds (5 of which probably went right to my thighs after scarfing it down). The food was amazing, flavorful and comforting - just like mom used to make (not my mom, though. I grew up eating Hungry Man Salisbury Steak dinners and sugar cereal.) 
But the real draw is Mr. Smith himself. He's passionate about his food, and probably the friendliest person I've ever met. Stop by and he'll tell you stories about his family, his recipes (all the sides are made without animal fats, so they're vegan / vegetarian / kosher friendly) and the neighborhood. I probably won't be doing my heart any favors by eating here frequently, but luckily I know a good cardiologist, so I might have to take a gamble. While I'm at it, I better sign up for Weight Watchers, too...** THIS IS NOT A REVIEW OF THE FOOD **
Because I didn't get a chance to try it. I attempted to go today, everything online indicated Chef Ken's would be open, and even the sign on the door indicated they opened at 2pm on Tuesdays. It was 2:58pm as I was standing outside of a closed restaurant in the rain after driving 40 minutes out of my way to try this place. "Disappointed" does not even begin to cover how I felt. 
This experience is really a shame, because I'm not inclined to ever return.Delicious Soul Food! The place is very clean (something I can't help but take note of when it comes to food) The portions are nice.. I usually have about 3 meals out of it. A fan of the greens and the barbecue chicken is tasty. The macaroni and cheese is a winner. The staff including the Chef/Owner are always polite. I see him many times speaking with patrons usually with a big smile on his face...Listen, it may not be better than MY  MAMA's cooking but it's better than most..Lol ..Hey what you say about my mama?  Serious if you are looking for tasty not greasy soul food,Do yourself a favor and check out Chef Ken's Cafe...As a matter of fact I am on my way over there right now....I have been to Chef Ken's Cafe countless times before and I enjoy the food and I usually have good service. I came to buy a platter last Thursday and I brought along my 4 year old daughter and my cousin. We waited to order food and we were seemingly ignored. There were two men standing behind the counter preparing food (Chef Ken was not there). They were putting together orders so they were a bit busy. I moved from the ordering line, and up to the counter by the cashier. I heard the man standing at the counter ask the other man, if we had ordered. The man stated that we had not. I also put my hand up and smiled politely. At that same moment another woman walked in and her order was was taking immediately. By this time, I had been there for about 15 minutes by this time. Waiting. Patiently. However by this time, I was pissed. I said, "I haven't ordered yet." Apparently, I wasn't heard by an employee even though the woman looked over at me as she continued her order. They continued to ignore me. By this time, I decided that enough was enough. I went up to the counter to speak to the man that was apparently managing that night. I explained to him politely (I know that it was polite because I was forcing my tone to stay neutral and even toned). I said:
"Hi, I'm a bit upset because I've been waiting here to order for about 15 minutes now and I feel as if we were ignor-"
I was then cut off and promptly told that I was wrong and that I was standing around. He then begin speaking to me VERY aggressively, confrontationally and completely disrespectfully. I was SO taken aback that I was speechless for a moment. 
I said, "Ok, I can see that this is going nowhere. I'll simply write a -"
He then slams his fist on the counter threateningly and exclaims: "You can write whatever you want , where ever you want!" 
I wasn't aware that I had entered into some sort of argument with the manager of an establishment but apparently that's what he believed because he was shouting at me. I turned to leave, with my 4 year old daughter's hand in mine as tears welled up in my eyes.
I have never had such TERRIBLE and HORRIFIC customer service in my entire life. Who leaves a food establishment with tears in their eyes?!? 
It was a nightmare. I have referred many people to Ken's, but I will not be back. Just recalling the experience is mortifying,It was a treat to go to such a down home spot. Ken was great to talk to and takes a lot of pride in his food.
They don't use microwaves and don't have one on premise which I loved to hear. That being said, not all of the food hit it out of the park.
Wing dings - these were amazing..flavorful great texture and very moist. 
Mac and cheese- basic mac and cheese nothing stellar.
Rice and beans- quite dry but it had a nice spice to it
Fried whiting- very dry. I was quite disappointed.  
Collard greens- very good. Nice flavor profile with what I assume was bacon fat as part of it.
Yams- sweet as sweet can get. Definitely reminded me of sweet potato pie instead of a side to a meal, but I think that's just me.  They were great- don't get me wrong just sweet.
I'll definitely be back at some point. We went around 730pm on a Saturday and it was dead with only one other customer in it.
Entrees are only $11 and you get 2 sides. More than enough for one person.Hands down best in town. Food is fresh, perfectly seasoned and delicious. I've had the ribs, shrimp and chicken, as well as the cabbage, greens, mac n cheese and mashed potatoes over the course of several returns. Greens and mac n cheese are those things that, if you grew up with them, you're palate is set to that memory, so while my wife found them tasty I thought they were merely good (but still better than any other restaurant in Philly I've tried so far). Believe the other reviews, its more than enough food for you in one sitting ... but the price matches the portion.This local establishment is always there when you need it. He has really tasty food at reasonable prices. AQnd he always gives you enough for leftovers
When Chef Ken is there, he is always personable and welcoming.Heard of this place about 2 years ago. Saw a TV spot on it once before too, but did get a chance to stop until the other day. Glad I did. Hope this place stays around for many more years. It wasn't very busy when. I stopped in, so I spoiled with all the attention and plenty of time to peruse the menu and the food items on display. Ended up getting 6 wings with mac & cheese and string beans. Everything was good. I think I had high expectations for the chicken. Meh! I want to eat in one day. There is more on the menu I'd like to try, (e.g. red beans and rice, beef ribs, other cuts of chicken). Love my breasts. I'm not normally a dessert eater, but I'm a sucker for red velvet cake and Chef Ken hyped it up. Thanks for that, it was very good. I'll be back Chef Ken.Soul food with healthy ingredients? Oh yes. Chef Ken's has great service and a delicious menu featuring some of the best mac and cheese, red beans and rice, and collard greens you'll ever taste outside of your southern grandma's kitchen. Meals are reasonably priced for how much food you get, one plate with an entree and two sides will absolutely feed two people...unless you've got an appetite the size of Andy Reid. Go there, enjoy it...and say hi to Chef Ken, he's a nice guy.My husband and I ordered take-out from Chef Ken's and we enjoyed the food immensely. We only ordered sides, but he is what we had: mac n' cheese, cabbage, yams and cornbread. The prices are very reasonable, especially considering that you getting a whopping amount of food. One side was good for 2 very, very generous portions. Upon picking up our order, we met Chef Ken, and he is extremely personable. The restaurant was a lot bigger on the inside compared to the outside appearance. We will definitely be returning, and I look forward to sampling his other menu items.THANK YOU CARRIE E.!!!
This is a fantastic hole-in-the-wall that we've driven by dozens of times and never even noticed.  Tonight we were in the mood for take out and decided to stop by.  Platters range from $13-16 with mains of brisket, BBQ ribs, grilled chicken, BBQ chicken, fried fish, and shrimp.  With the platter you get 2 sides and cornbread (supposedly since we didn't get any and didn't notice until we were home :( ).
We had BBQ chicken.  One platter was more than enough to satisfy two, so plan to have leftovers if you order one for yourself.  The meat fell off the bone it was so tender and juicy and I was practically lapping up the BBQ sauce when we were done.  The green beans were okay, but the mac n cheese was deliciously cheesy and peppery.
You can get takeout fairly quickly, but I actually found the inside of the restaurant quite nice - brightly covered walls and tables enough to seat around 25 or so comfortably.I have been coming here for years,the food has drastically changed,im not sure chef ken is still cooking but either way it FELL OFF. sooo disappointing every time i pull up to order from this restaurant they're closed!..they never answer.Then the had the nerve to put a damn wall around the food you cant see what you are ordering or what the food looks like before they saran wrap it 50 damn times.Ken needs to do better & represent more in that part of germantown for the people.I heard good things about Chef Ken's Café so I went there with a couple of buddies. Everything I heard was accurate: the food was great, the service was great and the price was great. The rice and beans side was one of the best sides I ever had; it was spicy and delicious. Everything I tried off my plate or one of my friend's plates was awesome: the chicken, the ribs, the mac and cheese, the yams, the rice and beans all of it. This place is legit and for 10 bucks a plate you can't beat it.This weekend I placed a fairly large phone order at Chef Ken's. The young man who took the order told us it would be a 45 minute wait on the mac and cheese. We read such great reviews that we didn't mind the wait at all. 
So, 50 minutes later I sent my sister in to pick up the order. The chef explained to her, in a not so polite fashion, that he hadn't put our food on because everything is made to order to preserve freshness. I definitely appreciate fresh food but I just cannot understand why an establishment would accept phone orders if they won't prepare the food before your arrival. 
My sister forgot how long the order was going to take and didn't bother to ask the total. So I went inside very annoyed! I had placed the order at 5:03 at this point it was 6:18 and I had to get out of my car with a broken foot. But nevertheless, I was not loud nor disrespectful. I asked the young man at the register how much the order would be and how much longer it would take, he said $92 and "about five more minutes" I said thank you and walked away. 
As I was walking out the door the chef yelled across the room "Excuse me "SIS" is there a misunderstanding"? I told him how long I had been waiting for my food and that he should notify customers of his policies. He made no apologies but told me in a very loud and condescending voice that he has been doing business that way for 15 yrs. 
About ten minutes later, I got my food and left. After checking my order in the car I realized I hadn't received my sides. I went back in and was greeted with a very rude " Is there a problem?"
Well little did he know I was purchasing the food for a tasting. (Which by the way the food was delicious.)  He had such great reviews I was considering using him to cater an event with 125 people at Curtis Arboretum but if that's how he treat his customers he will never receive business from me nor my family businesses again.First of all, on my first visit to Chef Ken's Cafe, I was catching  a cold and really wanted to get food for my family so I wouldn't have to cook.  Chef Ken took one look at me and said he could tell I wasn't feeling well and got out some collard green juice...(Pot Liquor) for all you City Folk and he put some cayenne pepper in a small plastic cup and told me to add some to the warm juice when I got home....so I got great soul food and a cold remedy all in one visit!!!  I love the food!  If I could only copy his BBQ sauce!  Fruity, smokey, and just plain good!!!  I could go on and on but I'm so happy I found this spot where the food is made with love!!!The thing about Chef Ken's I that I would have been tempted to give it 5-stars without actually tasting the food, just based in the unbelievably friendly service. The eponymous owner is one of the nicest people I've met - I defy you to visit and not come away saying the same thing. A truly gracious man who quite clearly loves what he's doing...the free samples he often gives away don't hurt either. Now, onto the food...
Fortunately, the food at Chef Ken's lives up to the first impression given by the service. On my most recent visit, I had the BBQ chicken, mac and cheese and collard greens, all of which was phenomenal. There are so many great southern dishes on the menu that I've yet to try (the red beans and rice are next on the list), but I've yet to be disappointed by anything I've tried from the kitchen of Chef Ken. 
While some people have mentioned that they initially found the prices to be a little high (though I didn't think $12 for a BBQ chicken platter was bad to begin with), the amount of food you get quickly turns it into a value. The first time we visited, my wife and I asked if one order of roast chicken would be enough for the two of us...the answer was laughter. One entree provides enough food for a minimum of two meals - 1/2 a chicken and giant servings of the sides. And, if you order to go, they painstakingly wrap everything in order to make sure everything stays where it should and doesn't leak out of the container.
The only problem I have with Chef Ken's is that is one of those places that we don't visit enough and can never figure out why we don't go more often...You gotta love Chef ken, next to Infusion in Mt Airy, Chef Ken makes great southern style food. Portions are big, food is always good and Chef Ken is great. Worth the tripJust heard about Chef Ken's from a friend of mine and took three of my friends there.  We all enjoyed the food and meeting Chef Ken.  Everything I had was very good from the mac and cheese to roasted chicken and fried whiting.  The yams were also excellent. It was the first time I had greens and cabbage mixed and I am a fan.  I liked everything about this restaurant and we will definitely be back.  I agree with another reviewer that the place is clean and the portions are big.  I wish every success to Chef Ken for his positive contributions to the community.First some full-disclosure: I USED TO work with a family member of the owner. So if I hated this place, I would not write a negative review, I would simply not review this place at all. 
With that out of the way, this place has awesome southern style food. Like you will be craving a cigarette after eating here. Yeah, and I don't smoke either. It's THAT good. The food is a combination of being amazingly tasty, filling, and healthy feeling all at the same time. I took my wife and three young kids here and we ordered the beef brisket, fried shrimp, and chicken wings plus multiple sides and shared.
The brisket was great, the shrimp were huge, and the kids gobbled up the wings. My infant loved the sweet potato side. 
I love the idea of the prices. Every entree is $10. You pick one of many entrees and get two sides to pick from. Makes it easy so you are not asking yourself "do I want X or do I want to pay a dollar more for Y?". 
There aren't that many tables, so if you plan on eating in, be mindful of that. The only minor recommendation I would make would be for fresh brewed iced tea. If it is Southern style food, you got to have the fresh brewed iced tea.Went to Ken's on a Friday evening to order take out. It's a small place that you'll miss if you don't look hard enough. Me and my old lady shared a fried whiting platter (it was more than enough for two people). The platter came with two sides,  we took the mac and cheese and the yams, had to grab some rice and beans too. Think twice on choosing the rice and beans, it's drier than the Sahara desert! The yams and mac was on point though. The whiting was the best! Prices are pretty average for soul food and the service is fast even though they cook on the spot (which is even better).Well, ah do declah. If this place don' got the best goshdarn viddles this side o' the Mason-Dixon, then buttah mah buns an' call me a biscuit.
I got quite a hankerin' for the mac 'n cheese mahself. But if it ain't all just the most delicious, home-cooked soul food. And only one Hamilton a heapin' - and ah do mean heapin' - platefull.
If y'all can't get ya'lls butts down to the dirty south, at least get y'alls butts ovah to Chef Ken's.I love chef ken's!  Flavorful, southern food, with unique tastes.
Some dishes don't always sit well with me thoughJust a diamond in a sea of choices! Best prices, flavors and service of any Southern food establishments I've been too. Talk about "Prix fixe" every item on the dinner menu is the same. THE SAME; and it takes some hunger to finish it. Brought some family in from Virginia and thy were right at home. Great business!Sunday, August  21, 2016 at 2:p.m. - based on many positive reviews I had my first time experience with Chef Ken's café.  Upon entering the place I was greeted by Chief Ken which is always a welcoming touch and it creates an immediate pleasant air. The restaurant appeared Clean; well organized and comfortable - for a small business in the hood. 
It was  unfortunate but  the food display in the showcase was not at all appetizing or appealing. Some of the dishes looked dried out and discolored, while a couple  other dishes were indistinct. I had a carry out - beef ribs; string beans and candied yams - the cost $13.00. The potions were generous.  The ribs were well cooked; fairly tender but covered in a high sugary sauce. The string beans were just ok, but also had sugar added in the preparation . The candied yams were indeed candied - with an excessive amount of sugar. I ate a small portion of each dish and disposed of the rest - which was perhaps three fourths of the platter.   Everything on my platter was overly saturated with sugar - which for me was not good. 
However, ... the restaurant  is clean; it  offers an organized comfortable looking casual seating area; friendly customer service( from the Chef) a moderately priced menu and  large portions.  If you enjoy meals cooked with sugar ... you may also enjoy Chef Ken's café cuisine.My husband saw this restaurant featured on Bourdain ... I must say, after being led astray by Guy Fieri (see my Geechee Girl post) we were both a tad skeptical.  Being that Mt. Airy is our new 'hood, we decided we would give Chef Ken's a try this past Wednesday.  As per usual, we over ordered, but this time we were really glad that we did!  Our Selections:
- Roasted Chicken Platter w/ mac & cheese and red beans and rice
- BBQ Chick Platter w/ yams and string beans 
- Fried Whiting w/ mac & cheese and greens
- Peach Cobbler
Everything was excellent, and I would certainly order again.  In fact, my husband ordered take out again today ... although they were out of a few of our favorite side items (mac & cheese & yams)  (it's Friday - so looks like everyone got their paychecks and headed straight over to Ken's!) we still enjoyed our meals and this time tried the fried wing ding platter w/ cabbage, jambalaya and a side of corn bread (very, very good).
The owner is beyond friendly, as was the young man working at the counter.  FINALLY, we found a spot in Mt. Airy where we can get amazing food!  YAY!!!Friendliest restaurant service I've had in a long time. Great whiting, shrimp, blackened salmon, Mac and cheese and yams. We came at an off hour and the patio out back was perfect for our noisy little family.