My experience at Chengdu was filled with warm welcomes, great customer service, hot delicious noodles, adorable panda art, and  good vibes.
Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood and will be back again.Really authentic Chengdu food! Nice environment! Highly recommend to come here if you a spicy food lover.Stopped by to try this attractive new place in my neighborhood. Ordered steamed chicken dumplings. They were not available, so I agreed to pork. They were the worst excuse for Chinese dumplings I have ever seen: Thick, doughy wrappers with little filling. Found gristle in one. Left half meal behind. Very disappointed as we need alternatives to pizza in the area.Delicious! Tian shui noodles were tasty. Beef noodle soup perfectly flavored. And the red dragon wontons were mouth-tingling good!This place is the real deal.
I'm Chinese (not from ChengDu or SiChuan but I lived in ChengDu for half a year), and I guarantee this place is authentic. 
I was visiting Philly for Lana Del Rey's concert, googled Chinese food and this place popped up. I expected this place to be another typical Chinatown type of Chinese restaurant--I was wrong and this statement is a total insult to this place. I was totally blown away by the food. Ordered TianShui noodle and the Ice Jelly--tastes exactly like what I have had in ChengDu. Wow, simply wow. This is one hidden gem of Chinese restaurant in Philly.
食物非常正宗，红油、麻酱和红糖用得都很正。唯一的缺憾是冰粉上面会加橙皮以及其他一些类似五仁的材料，不喜欢的人会很不喜欢，可以提前跟店家说一下不要加。Bottom line, this place is disappointing. I expected great food from here, but they just did not deliver. The shrimp fried rice was simple white rice with scrambled eggs, green onion and shrimp mixed in. It had absolutely no flavor! The rice probably hadn't even been sautéed. Wontons in chicken broth were tasty and well made. General Tso Chicken was eh okay. Chicken was not fresh. The best thing about this order was that delivery was on time.Fish filet was the order of the day, as I got both the 1. filet with noodles & pickled veggies and the 2.  filet in hot sauce 'stew'....if you love spicy-hot as I do, both will satisfy.
1.  A Cambodian rift on classic 'chicken noodle soup' - substituting chunked fish filet - in a clear broth with fresh crisp veggies and flavor with staying power; 
2.  A heavier tomato based fish stew again with crisp veggies that was a 3-alarmer ...a crusty loaf of bread to sop the sauce will put you in nirvana.The sizes of the dishes are too small. Can't feed an adult. One star for Chinese, no star for food. None of my friends feel hapoy.The 'chicken' used in their dishes contains no meat but is instead chopped chicken necks/backs, etc...not a single piece of it could I eat.  Too bad because I was really excited for the chicken dry pot style.  I will not be charged for nor will i try to eat chicken bones.  Maybe in China, bones are considered food to eat for dinner, but in University City we call it garbage.Food is good! You get a lot for a good price. Fair warning the foods are mouth numbing and if you can't handle the heat, this isn't the place for you. I had the beef and fried fish dry mouths, which left my mouth really numb. My favorite was the fish dry pot! Would definitely recommend.The ice jelly and mapo tofu here is incredibly good, just bring Chengdu to philly. Love this spot. must try!!This place is a gift. Go here and be happy! I totally love everything they have and the staff is amazing (not to forget super cute)Good attentive service. Staff very helpful. Prices are fair. Had beef brisket soup which was pretty good. Really wanted the fish dish they didn't offer a smaller size because of the ingredients. Overall good place to go. Will go back.Good chinese food without having to go to chinatown. We got the beef hot pot, pig pot glass noodles, Lil wine and dragon buns. The beef hot pot hit the spot and definitely had the "ma la" flavor to it. Pig pot glass noodles were really tasty. Dragon buns were just ok, the dough was very thick. Wasn't a fan of the lil wine but it is exactly what it's supposed to be. Overall, friendly service and quick, tasty food. Would definitely love to have them in baltimore!good food! Will come again definitely. The tender is good, and also the double cooked belly. The price is ok and environment is great. Remind me of the restaurant in east village in NY.Nothing good or bad to say about this place. There are definitely better Chinese places around. The price is fair. Food is not the most authentic. Spice level was just that spicy. There is definitely a lot of flavors lacking in the spiciness.We five people shared the Chengdu Deluxe Fish all together and it was great! Can't wait to eat this again!Easy going ambiance, great array of menu selections.
They offer a free wonton in chili oil for a yelp review, which is an awesome offer - except they ask you to write the review before you get any of the food. Kind of hard to review dishes before tasting anything, so here's the detail; 
Best dish is likely the dan dan noodles and the pork belly. Chengdu noodles were not bad but a little too much sauce and quite similar to the dan dan, just not as tasty. Beef hot pot was decent but too salty. Solid service, made it a pleasant experience.Authentic Sichuan food, it even has ice jelly which I believe is the youth memory of lots of Sichuan people. Pork pot glass noodle is awesome, I love it's sour spice flavor. Some of the food you may consider "hardcore" but believe me give authentic Chinese food a try and you will love it! Pretty good place in darn university city, a spot to take you to Sichuan to forget about unpleasant stuff.I love really spicy food, and this place has the reputation of being the real deal.  I went there last night with my wife and some friends and we let the staff help us in ordering a variety of dishes.  We had a great time sampling the great variety of dishes.
First of all, the place is not a fancy one, and looks like a large take out joint, but it is clean and has pictures on the wall of the dishes.  A small number of tables makes it comfortable,and the staff is very friendly and helpful.
The food is truly Chinese, like I had in China, but the heat was decent, and not truly hot, hot,hot as in Szechuan, as the peppers are dried and not fresh, but it is hotter than most regular Chinese places.  The interesting thing was the variety of new and different dishes.  We all personally liked the noodle dishes wi chili oil and meats the best, but everything was interesting, even if they were not our favorites.
This is a fine addition to Asian cuisine in the city and we all said that e wanted to return to try other dishes.I ordered the dan dan noodles, steamed dumplings, and beef cooked in chilly oil (forgot the exact names) and they tasted fine overall. The only downside was that 1. the dumpling skin wasn't very tender, it felt like it had been left outside for a while and then reheated in the microwave or something (not saying they cooked it like that) 2. The amount of food wasn't enough, it was much less than the other Chinese restaurants around campusOne of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. Unassuming spot but the food is so good. I have not been disappointed with anything at this place. Just wish they delivered across the river, but it is well worth the drive.I came here previously and had the hot sauce style fish~ its extremely filling, delicious, and spicy! They load up on the schezuan peppercorn which adds a lot of flavor. Definitely recommend it :)超级好吃的川菜，麻辣鲜香真的是在美国吃的最地道的川菜，我们点了两个干锅，吃一份，带一份。还有陈皮冰粉，久违的味道！老板也超级热情，强烈推荐！super super tasty Sichuan dishes！ strongly recommend！Really good little spot for spicy Szechuan food. Loved the chewy tian shui noodles, red dragon wontons, soothing oyster mushrooms, rib chengdu master special, shredded cabbage, and my favorite was the sour and spicy soup with beef. 
Chengdu Deluxe Fish is fun for a group because of how big it is, but I wouldn't order it again because the fish didn't have the freshest flavor. Skip the guo tie and steamed dragon buns.Smaller place, order at the counter.  Appears to be some takeouts.
I'm not an expert on Sichuan cuisine. That said, the food was among the better Sichuan offerings I've had. I did not request any increased spices,or anything - yet, everything seemed to have the right level of both numbing (ma) and spiciness (la)....Great spicy ignite noodle but not just hot, full of flavor. This place is nothing fancy service wise but the staff was helpful and friendly atmosphere relaxed. I will return.This is one of the best restaurants in philadelphia. Absolutely amazing and such good prices. ExceptionalI had an errand to run in Wayne today, and was hoping to try Dan Dan. The errand got cancelled, so rather than go to my usual Manayunk Handy Nasty, I searched for another local Szechuan place.  Lancaster Avenue sounded close (though I forget how long and windy that road can be.)  This is basically, a block from Drexel, but still only 15 minutes, so within a MainLine radius for me.
Parking was super easy and under a buck for 45 minutes.  I assumed correctly that service is quick. The kitchen is in plain sight, and appeared as clean as the front of the house. There are paper menus, but the pix above the counter are good GUIDELINES...
I had to try the Dan Dan mein (especially since I have so many versions by which to judge.)   There were a BUNCH of dishes which appear specific to Chengdu (Szechuan's capital city) which I have never seen before.  Perhaps one day the management will provide explicit descriptions (though In some cases, maybe Westerners should just be left in the dark and let their palates decide??) 
The Dan Dan were as good as any and better than most.  Firm and hearty noodles bathed in  a complex nutty sauce, brimming with chili oil and topped with dollop of fried ground pork. I was surprised to find some hearty chunks of tender bok choy nestled in the layers below.  At $9, the order was large enough to share, but I was alone. Intentionally.
While the Dan Dan were enough to make a meal, I had driven there as a destination, so felt obligated to have another light dish. I chose the rabbit in chili oil with peanuts (though I had forgotten this is traditionally served ice cold.) It was, and though the temperature was not unpleasant, this WAS rabbit, and that is a protein few cultures have the temperament to fillet.  There were tiny shards of sharp bone in each bite, making this dish more effort to consume than I had expected.  It was DELICIOUS, mind you, and far spicier than the Dan Dan, so left my lips numb and burning all the way to Bala Cynwyd.  I'd recommend it with those caveats, but it's not a dish to order for a lunch interview.
I will absolutely go back. After ordering, I had heard the counter staff converse in fluent English with customers, explaining preparations, so next time I will avail myself of them and ask for recommendations.  It's clear the food is authentic, and it is delicious and reasonably priced. Not everything on the menu is tongue-numbing.  The $5 "burgers" seemed very popular. I'll bet that old American standby "General Tso's chicken" is pretty good here.Authentic Chinese food! Decent service! We ordered Lil Wine, Kung Pao Chicken, and steamed dragon bun.This place was EXCELLENT!!! The food was delicious and the staff was very friendly and welcoming. We got be chengdu deluxe fish to share and it was more than enough for 2 people. The staff allowed us to stay during they're close for lunch break and even shared a bit of what they were having. Great experience. We will return for sureReally excited to see that University City/ West Philly is starting to open up some really good, authentic spots, which makes the Chinatown hike less necessary these days!
Food was good, 4 stars  service was mediocre, 3 stars: 
Food: we ordered the Master Chef Chicken -- this I'll give a 4-5 stars and would absolutely order again. It's SPICY , be warned -- your mouth and tongue will most likely be numb lol. But the flavor was very good. The chicken was perfectly cooked, nice and salty, spiced, crispy but juicy on the inside -- definitely recommend
Chicken Pot Noodle Soup: 3 stars. Noodles were good, broth was good -- but i really wasn't a fan of the protein, I'm like 90% sure it was chicken intestine or something along those lines, I wish they said something when we ordered ( which goes into the service part of this review) but it wasn't what we expected
Shredded chicken with peppers burger: OK, not worth it in my opinion, I'd imagine their pork belly or others might be better, but I personally don't eat pork 
Ice Jelly - 4-5 stars , my first experience so I have nothing to compare it to. But I really enjoyed it, a texture between american jello and the small lychee jellos in Asian super markets but a lighter, less syrupy flavor -- served with black sugar, rice wine, crushed sour candy it was light and refreshing , very nice with spicy food 
Best dish by far was master chef chicken, I would order that and Ice Jelly again, but not the other two
Service: 2-3 stars 
Very standard, they weren't attentive or helpful during the ordering process or during dinner. I think it was clear, our table was staring at the menu and had a lot of questions, but no body came over to try to help or explain the menu, we had to ask someone to come over. Again as i referenced above, when we ordered the dishes, there was no further explanation of the dishes or suggestions or recommendations, which would have been helpful. Lastly, when we were ready to leave we again had to get up to ask for some boxes to go. Not a big deal at all, but again just highlighting the inattentiveness of the staff. Not once during our meal did someone come by our table to see how things were, if we needed boxes, etc. 
Last tip -- I'd recommend a menu makeover at some point. It's nice and simple, if you know what you're eating. but for those that haven't been to Chengdu or aren't that familiar with the cuisine, some descriptions would be nice, rather than just a name and picture
Overall, I'll be back because the food was good and I want to try that deluxe fish.. but service could use a big bump, although they were very friendly whenever we asked for anything! Oh also, Tuesdays are 20% off !I'm from Chengdu myself, and I can say the best Chengdu dim sum place in town! I loved their "Chengdu Ignite Noodles" and "Pig Feet in Chilli Oil" the best. After all the spicy food, make sure to have a bowl of "Chengdu's Famous Ice Jelly" as dessert. THE BEST!As a Chinese with Szechuan origins and have personally been to Chengdu multiple times, I would rate the food as very authentic. The liangfen i had was delicious and had the very authentic consistency, which was really nice. It also wasn't too spicy and had a hint of sweetness which very nice and was like the liangfen in Chengdu.The Red dragon wonton was great as well, being quite  umami and spicy. Beef & tripe in Chile oil is just what I expected which is always nice. Overall it was a great meal.
Plus I saw 三大炮 (rice balls with syrup) on the serving list, which was a nice surprise as it was my favorite snack when I visited Chengdu as a child.A very good place for spicy food lovers!  
A very unique point is that the kitchen is open to the public, which makes this place different from other Chinese restaurants. 
I had pig feet in chili oil and spicy pork stew. The pug feet are just soooo good. 
Could be spicier next time :DIt's cheap but definitely not fresh. I would not come back again. Please avoid this place.When I see the menu, I know this place will be the bomb! Have been to many Szechuan restaurants in LA, NYC and philly but none of them can beat this place and the Menu they have. I like simple / smaller / creative menu instead of huge one with hundred items. The menu has tian shui noodle, chengdu burger that no other places have. They know what they are doing, so let the food speaks itself! :) I hope they can carry more vegetable options .As a Chengdu local person , I must say it is the most 'chengdunese' food I have ever tried in US.Damn good. 
Serious food
Great service with my family
红油抄手比较地道，另外辣子猪蹄是我在费城吃过最好吃的。猪蹄炸得脆脆的香香的，炸过的辣子与炸过的猪蹄香味交织在一起，特别美味！厨师是来自成都的，做出的菜特别的正宗！好吃好吃！The best Sichuan food I've had in Philly so far. Very quick and no frills dishes that taste like home. There's ample seating in this location and it's open relatively late (10:00 PM) which is perfect University City/Poweltown Village locale.
We came in around 8:00 PM and received our food within 10 minutes. Overall, I was quite pleased with the food and the spice didn't overwhelm the flavor (a key differentiation between Chengdu and other Sichuan places around Philly). A review of what we got:
Chicken Master's Special (5/5): this is definitely the star of the show. This is basically spicy and crispy chicken dry-pot style. The flavors were strong and shined through the spicy base. Plus, the chicken bites were actually quite sizable (and actually chicken!) instead of the usual 90% fried breading situation you get at most places. 
Tian Shui Noodle (5/5): absolutely delightful and a very generous portion for the price. The sweet and spicy flavors work together to create a perfectly balanced dish. Very refreshing to take bites of this when the chicken got too spicy.
Spicy Crisp Cucumber with Garlic (4/5): though this dish definitely reminded me of the cold dishes I had back in China (and it was yummy!), there was still something off for me. There was a little too much sauce and garlic which felt overpowering at times. I enjoyed my first few bites but grew tired of it nearing the end of the meal.
All in all, a solid joint to venture to if you ever have the craving for some spicy Sichuan eats.Awesome late night food when you are studying. Relatively cheap and the portion is great. Would recommend it to a friend.Philadelphia doesn't deserve so much incredible Sichuan food, and we're at the point where a place like this is just incredibly decadent icing on the cake.  Appreciate that it's a more casual dining experience than some other more popular options, too - hits the spot in a pinch.Very good food！
As a person from Chongqing, I find the food here to be very authentic. It is better than a lot of Sichuan restaurant in philly. Definitely recommend here to other peopleService was polite but don't expect it to be fast. We had the dan dan noodles, which was good and probably the standout dish. Other dishes we tried was the beef hot pot (too salty), chengdu masters noodle (had more peanut sauce than dan dan noodles if that's what you like), braised pork belly (too salty), marinated cucumbers (tasty and fresh, but kind of pricey at $7 for a plate of just cucumbers), and the red dragon wontons (too much wonton wrap with very little filling). 
Overall, it was an okay meal but too much salt for my preference.I read a review somewhere about this place and decided I would come here one day. While I love spicy food, my husband not so much. I finally convinced him to try last Saturday. I am unfamiliar with this style of food, and we were both rather intrigued. We had dry pot beef and Dan Dan noodles. Both were delicious! That dry pot dish was some kinda spicy!!! Love it! Great prices and service too! Will return and try some other dishes on the menuThe food is much higher quality than most Chinese take out places nearby. Most of it is a little on the spicy side, so it's very good if that's what you like.A new authentic Sichuan restaurant! For anyone who is into the spicy food, definitely come and ask for the real thing! You will be amazed!Decided to give this a try because it's on my way home and so glad that I did!! This is one of the best Chinese food places in the area I must say. The food was good, authentic, and unique. Would definitely recommend this to everyone!I really liked this place for its actual food and relaxing atmosphere, the ideal place to hang out with a friend or really get your fix for quality chengdu food!This place is fantastic.  I might never have to go down to Chinatown again.
I've never been to Szechuan province or the actual city of Chengdu but somehow I got introduced to the cuisine in the US and I'm bowled over.  Once you get a taste for its unique flavors and textures--numbing hot peppers, oily hot pot, a fair amount of offal--there's nothing that can compare let alone replace it.
In my visits, I've had the Lianfang (a noodle dish), the chilled fungus, and the fish drypot.  Everything was good but the fish drypot was outstanding; I have intrusive thoughts where I wonder, "How soon can I get back and have this again?"
Chengdu's location is slightly off the beaten path but it's not too bad; best of all the prices are fair and the service is kind.Heard about this place when it was first opening. I finally made it and already was met with problems. I came on a rainy day, the resto is like a cute shack layout and i was looking for a midday pick me up. I Ordered dan dan noodles a vegnood burger and another noodle dish to go. I requested everything that is vegetarian on the menu and was told i coukd have the dan dan noodles as veg also. I take a bite and still there is pork in it. I have never eaten pork in my life and have been vegetarian for 13 years so you can understand how upset and disrespected i felt especially since i already paid and tipped. All i received from the fromt desk teen person taking the order was "so sorry about that" and walked off like it was not a big deal. Already an immediate turn off to what could have been a better start. Dietary needs should be respected especially if you are establishing trust to first timers. The food should have been comped but nope! I will think a lot more carefully in the future about buying from here. If i had an allergic reaction that could have been awful and lawsuit worthy. I know they're new so i am willing to try again.Wonderful place to grab a bite at university city area! Delicious and authentic Szechuan style dishes that remind me of my hometown. 
Staffs are very friendly and helpful!
Highly recommended!I would rate cheng du five stars. I have ordered multiple times and never had a problem. I would recommend the chef special chicken or the Dan dan noodles. Very nice employees and always has the food ready on time.Usually you could tell if a Chengdu restaurant authentic or not from their one  dish: Chengdu ice jelly. 
This restaurant has it and it is very good.Grabbed a quick lunch from here and I was automatically impressed by the menu. I wanted to try out the fungi salad ( Wood ear mushrooms ) but I didn't have time so I went with Dan Dan noodles. The dish was absolutely delicious. I was practically licking the bowl clean. I was very pleased by the size but I could see how some might want a bit more noodles if you're not getting anything else. I was so pleased and my colleagues back at work were super jealous. I will definitely be back in to try out more on their tasty menu. What a gem in Powelton village.Really good and authentic Chinese Szechwan style Chengdu food, that's why it's called Chengdu Famous Food. Really nice and cozy place, really delicious food. I have been there for many times and all kinds of Wontons there, and Kung Pao Chicken, Hot Sauce Style Fish Fillet and Mapo Tofu, and their Lil Wine are "must-be-ordered" if you are first time there. Nice waiters and nice owners, and by the way two of their chefs are from Chengdu.
They have 20% off every Tuesday. It's really good Szechwan food place which I personally think is better than Han Dynasty and DanDan. Very delicious and I want to go there every weekend!Chengdu is amazing. We love the artwork and the food photography is helpful. Friendly staff offered us menus, would come back:)Love their food! As a native Chengdu person, this is the most authentic Sichuan food restaurant in Philly. You won't get anything workingI heard about this place through a review on philly.com and decided to check it out. I definitely wasn't disappointed and this place is another example of how UCity has Chinese food that is just as good, if not better, then Chinatown. We got the beef dry pot that was really good, and a kind of pork dumpling (can't remember exact name) that was also tasty. But the best part of this was the rabbit we got. It was one of the tastiest things I've had in a long time, and I'll be back for it again. The only downside is the place itself is kinda small with limited seating, so we had to wait a bit for a table to open up. But the great food made it well worth it!First time customer.  While not a typical sit down restaurant, was pleased with the atmosphere and setup.  Several small tables, two larger tables and a bar height eating area with stools.  Carry out style paper menus along with a large picture menu above the ordering area/counter.  Friendly employees and they eager to assist with suggestions.  Unlike many restaurants, they offer 4 tasting menus under $15 served bento box style. Perfect for trying new items.  Enjoyed all of the items in our tasting boxes and will be returning to order larger portions of our favorites.  Kudos to the owners on a well executed new restaurant.Very authentic and very delicious. Tried the fish fillet with pickled vegetable and it was packed with sour cabbage and pickled peppers. Quite spicy, but great flavor. Only place near University City with that dish and loads of others. Chengdu Ignite noodles tasty too, room temperature but packed with heat.
No table service, but staff is nice and will get you utensils and water if you ask. Casual vibe, good for a quick, tasty meal.Mildly obsessed. I went to Drexel for nutrition and my Chinese classmate taught me about Chinese cucumbers. I always get the ignite noodles and crispy cucumbers. Couldn't be better. Couldn't be happier. The only problem is that I love it so much I haven't been able to try anything else.Really special. We had noodle dishes for the kids, and spicier fare for the adults. Staff was super friendly and helped us order what we were looking for.The Deluxe fish has very feel vegetables in it and the fish is very small. Does not worth $36.96. Bad experience in here.Wonderful food! Definitely will come back for the dry pot!This spot serves flavorful Sichuan food. 
The noodle bowls are tasty and reasonably priced. The Bento box special is a great way to try different dishes; it's quite a lot of food too. 
Here is a summary on the foods I tried:
Fish fillet in spicy sauce: Good, although fish fillets were not quite as tender as they could be, about second-best level of tenderness, which is still better than most.
Dry sauteed beans: good
Dan Dan noodles: solid comfort food
Wonton in chili oil
Mushrooms in chili oil: nice, but the ratio of scallion to mushroom was off, the raw scallion was too dominant
Fish fillet noodle soup with pickled vegetable: Salty, sour, with a bit of heat.
Pig pot glass noodle: Spicy with lots of chili oil, includes some bok choy. Plenty of hot & numb flavours.
Chengdu ice jelly: nice & cooling for after a spicy meal
Double cooked pork
I'm looking forward to going back and trying more dishes.Their food is really authentic, especially the zhu'er in chili oil!! I haven't found this dish in another restaurant here in the US tbh, and it reminds me of home!!  I also really love their decoration - it's actually a restaurant that shows the aesthetics of the 21st century China :)Everything from the menu is a good choice and the portions are more than enough which is great. The spice levels are intense for certain items so be warned but it's certainly a great flavor. I highly recommend the chicken dry pot!This is the most authentic Sichuan restaurant I've been to in Philly. Han Dynasty used to be my go-to spot but this has become my new favorite! We ordered the dan dan noodles, pan fried dragon bun, dry pot beef, and the ice jelly. The dan dan noodles were very flavorful and had the perfect amount of spice. Pan fried dragon bun was very crispy but smaller than we expected based on the menu picture. The dry pot definitely had good "ma la" flavor. Be prepared for a decent amount of heat and spice when you come here. The ice jelly was interesting, had somewhat of an herbal/medicinal taste if you like that type of flavor. Only complaint is that the restaurant seating is pretty limited and the heating wasn't great. We could feel the cold air blowing through the door. Given that, I would come back but probably just order takeout.Wow, super spicy, super authentic! Highly recommend the dry pots. My wife and I shared a beef one. It's pretty filling and has some vegetables in it, giving it a nice balance. Wah, my mouth is completely numb right now. We also ordered the oyster mushrooms in sesame oil, which were delicious. The portion is not as big as other Chinese places, but the flavors are really bold and authentic. Definitely coming back to this new gem in Powelton Village.Friendly staff and amazing food. They can adjust the spicy level to your liking! Would come backThis is the best Sichuan restaurant I have had in Philly. If you want to try real chinese spicy food, this is the place you should go. The menu is simple but traditional. I and my friends have been here a lot. Almost every week, we come here and try different dishes. The dan dan noodle is really good, the dry pepper series are amazing.Recommended by a friend and came here for the first time. It's absolutely amazing and stunning from many other traditional Chinese Restaurant. 成都燃麵真的太好吃了。作為一個廣東人，其實這個辣度我也可以接受。下次還會再來，還會推薦給朋友。We were seeking a new option for lunch, and decided to try out this place. Place was not busy when we arrived, so it turn out this is not really a full service restaurant, it an expensive Chinese take out without the service? Wait..?! Say what??!! Yup, we walked in and the 2 people at the counter stared at us without saying a word?? So we walk up to the counter taking a menu to order?? Ok not what we expected, still no greeting, or can we help you? 
Thank you I will help myself, it was so stale and sterile the way they have it set up like your at a fast food joint?? Wait I got better service at a fast food joint they actually say hi, and provide assistant. 
Food was average, spicy as I suspected nothing special!Love their food! As a native Chengdu person, this is the most authentic Sichuan food restaurant in Philly. You won't get anything wrong here.Wow!! Save your money. Ordered Dan Dan noodles, Master Chicken, pan fried pork bun. Dan Dan noodles were a bowl of salty mush. Master chicken was 3/4 dried peppers with a little bit of chicken with decent flavor. Pan fried buns were dry and inedible. When I called to let them know they told me I should have not got it delivered. 41.00 dollars worth of food that I am throwing away.Some of the best Sichuan cuisine I've had. It's near Drexel/Penn in the Powelton Village area and I can say I wish this place existed during my time in undergrad. 
The good: the food is on-point Sichuan flavor. That said, if you're not into heavily spiced (tai xiang le!) food you might find it overpowering. The dry pot was filled with Sichuan peppercorn, hot chilies, and red soy paste with bell pepper and bean sprouts. Exactly how you'd want it to taste and it was pretty spicy. My favorite thing was the San Dapao, a sweet/soft sesame street snack in Cheng Du that my GF had me order. The chef is from Cheng Du and talked to us for a while and was really interested in how we enjoyed the food.
The average: service is non-existent really, the waitstaff is there but has no real knowledge of what we were ordering. The place was clean enough and it's easy enough to find.
The bad: the portions were a bit odd on the meat side, as in skimpy for the price. Some of the flavors just didn't work (woodear mushrooms were super vinegar-y, the beef noodle soup was off-the-charts spicy - beyond anything we'd ever experienced without actually ordering extra spice and my GF is from Cheng Du!). 
Overall, one of the more authentic spots for Sichuan food. Check it out if you're in the area and want a taste of western China.Amazing restaurant with tasty traditional Chinese food. Highly recommend the Master Special with beef and the spicy pork belly.This is going to be my favorite Authentic spicy Chinese food spot in Philly! Their wonton and red oil Zhu'er are on point! The staff is always very friendly too!Dry pork pot is soooo goood!!!! Staff is very nice and place is very cozy and clean and nicely decorated. Highly recommend :)