Somewhat surprised at the reviews for this place. Maybe we caught them on a bad day?
The beers themselves that we tried ranged from okay (the Motra IPA and the lager-ish ale on tap) to disappointing (pretty much everything else).  The prices are fairly high as well too for both the beer and the pizza.
The space is also...odd. You order at a somewhat random counter inside and there wasn't much in the way of detailed info about the beers or the brewery available. I initially thought the counter was an outpost for a much larger brewery that had to be somewhere else. 
There's not much room to sit at the tables either indoor or out, especially if you're trying to balance some kind of food with your drinks. Even outdoors there's not much of a "beer garden" atmosphere; it's more like Starbucks metal tables and seats without much protection from the sun.
If you live in the area, it's worth a stop to see what's on tap. But probably not worth coming up to Chestnut Hill to visit if you're in search of beer.This has become my new favorite place in town. The people who work here are great. The atmosphere is relaxed and fun, with a fire pit and games outside. The beer is always changing, with a guest tap. Plus, the pizza is delicious! I'm a tough critic, being from NY, and I have to say it's really good. If you haven't tried this place, go.This is a great spot! Yummy beer and food, and the atmosphere is really nice. They also are serving brunch on the weekends now, and it's delicious!I had my special girl's birthday party here last night. Lindsey and her staff were great and I thank them all for making it a wonderful evening.
I certainly would recommend having any event here and it is dog friendly!Not a huge beer drinker (prefer whiskey) but they do have a great beer selection as well food menuLove the craft beers, neopolitan style wood oven pizzas and atmosphere.  They make a variety of beers on site ranging from IPA's, Belgian style, Stouts and others.  Very nice place to hang out in a sophisticated yet casual setting.
Great addition to Chestnut Hill.Great addition for Chestnut Hill. We went yesterday on a beautiful summer day that beckoned for an outdoor lunch. I didn't realize it's inside the market. You place your pizza and beer order inside, grab a table and your drinks then they bring the pizza to you. Among us we had 3 style beers and a cider- all were really good. We literally inhaled the margherita pizzas. So good! Will totally be going back.This is like reading terminal market.   Great place for Sunday brunch.  The staff is really nice.  Open concept. Friendly atmosphere.Although this gem was a little hard to find it was worth it! Tried 4 different of their beers on tap in a flight for $10 which I think was reasonable. My favorite was the Gose! Pictured is the winter white pizza which was delicious! My only criticism is that the pizza is maybe a little overpriced for what you get, but tasty nonetheless!The pizza here is phenomenal. I am not a craft beer fan but they seem to have good choices. They have a few wines by the glass which are good. My only complaint is that they never seem to have enough help at the bar. Everyone is very nice. The food runners are very sweet and helpful.The pizza is delicious - ingenious and delicious! The beer is amazing as it is as delicate and diverse as fine wine. Hail to the brewmaster Nick! They, Lindsey and Nick, catered a party for us at the lovely Chestnut Hill Hotel and the guests ate and drank and were thankful. All the marks of a great party. If you are looking for a great time, great food and libations - come on over!Amazingly good pizza, and I dont say that lightly. The business is inside the new chestnut hill market. Parking is good and you have lots of food choices. I didn't try the beer but this pizza ranks way up there!Meh, came here on a Sunday night for a school fundraiser and the business was overwhelming.  Two of the taps ran dry and the ticket times were piling up that night, still a good time but way underprepared.Chestnut Hill Brewing Company located in "of course" Chestnut  Hill, but more specifically inside the Market at the Fareway is a beer lovers must stop destination!!!!!  From IPAs to Pilsners all the way to Stoudts  and everything in between, "I'm talking to you Blue Moon swiggers" Chestnut  Hill Brewery has it all!!!!!!!!!! The location cant be beat either.  It is situated  in the middle of main street, right behind the Chestnut Hill Hotel.  You can spend some time shopping in the many quaint shops of Chestnut Hill and then walk right into the Market and grab yourself a fine craft beer.  The market itself has many great food options to choose from as well.  In the mood for Jamaican; they got it with the Jerk Pit, how about some sushi; its there, Korean tacos "yup I said Korean" you can find that there too.  If you are in the mood for fresh seafood or falafels you can find all at the Market.  Oh and did I mention that the Brewery also has a wood oven pizzeria!!!!!!  And don't get me started with all the great dessert vendors that are at the Market.  Just go see for yourself;)We went after work on a Friday. It was sunny and wonderful weather. This place was packed. Fortunately the Farmer's Market allows the brew pub patrons to sit anywhere outside, so it is not too hard to find a seat. Getting beer is a real problem. It appears completely disorganized. Is there a line? Do they serve at the patio window? No signs and no indication of what to do. It takes about 10 minutes to get a beer. The beer is good, not great, but enjoyable. We waited got a high top. Tried a number of beer (motra, orange ace, hazed) and would recommend them. We ordered the Pontz pizza which is onions, sausage, and mushrooms which took 30 minutes, but was very good. We kind of chuckled every time the server came out to the patio and did that "Where's Waldo" search for the order number, trying to deliver a pizza.
The beer is fresh, the pizza is very good, the place is extremely popular, and the waiting time is relatively long for every beer and pizza. We enjoyed watching the people, kids, and dogs.This place is awesome, wonderful food priced right. Ambiance is amazing.  Eastern style lounges and beautiful lighting and plantings. Nice eclectic crowd.I wanted to LOVE this pizza but honestly there was nothing exemplary. I ordered the white pizza for $14 & change. Probably will try them again but maybe order something different. Every time I'm in the area the patrons seem to be having so much fun & enjoying themselves I felt almost obligated to give it a whirl. I called in advance for pick up. Once at the counter I waited approximately 5 minutes to be acknowledged as the cook had a side conversation. When he was ready I told him what me order was he asked if I had paid, well no because upon entering there was no staff at the bar he gave me the pizza and motioned toward the end of the bar where the register was located. I wouldn't come running back or necessarily recommend here but I may give them another chance in the future.5 Stars for the Pizza.
3.5 stars for the beer.
2 Stars for the organization of service.
Thus far their beer selection has been adequate, no selections that really "wowed" by any means.  
Pizza is the main reason to come here.  It is hand made on the spot for every order and it is fantastic.  Try the white or the pontz.  
The setup for service and ordering is the biggest hangup, especially when its busy.  Only one register without a dedicated person taking the orders while someone else fills all beers.  Line has no place to build to and becomes chaotic when a large crowd is around.  
Definite fixes for the service area are needed and some beers more competitive to hold up against Iron HIll, Earth Bread or Neshaminy creek, all very nearby brew houses.  
The Pizza and its delicious quality is what keeps us coming back.Perfect addition to the neighborhood. Loving every pizza and beer, and the friendly service.First visit at Chestnuthill brewery I had a Motra and a orange ace beer with the margarita pizza it was excellent I highly recommend this placeThis is my personal favorite pizza place here in chestnut hill. Being where it is, the other shops provide an awesome experience.  The pizza itself was delicious,  and was even able to spilt it so my wife could have a less stomach strenuous layout. 
I will be back and I will be eating here again, and so should you!Love this place. We live in walking distance. Eat outside in warmer weather and takeout pizza and growler sometimes. Beer is generally good and pizza is the best in Chestnut Hill. Pizza can be a little inconsistent. Sometimes undercooked.BEWARE...MUST READ:  If you haven't been there before and you are using the address they provide on Germantown Ave, you will get LOST...because I DID.   Chestnut Hill Brewing is located straight down the long alleyway BETWEEN the US Post Office on the right and the Grill restaurant which is part of the Chestnut Hill Hotel on the left.  You need to also KEEP WALKING PASS Green Soul and then ENTER the MARKET and then make a RIGHT and they are right there.
Once there, you will understand why everyone is calling this place a hidden gem.  First off, all the beer they serve was expertly handcrafted by Nick the owner just a few feet from the taps.  You CAN"T get beer any fresher than that.  They usually have 3 or four of their brews always available of which Motra, a citrus forward California IPA at a healthy 7.4 abv., is by far my favorite. But what I like most, is that because of their unique ability to experiment with small batches, on any given night you could be treated to a heavenly Imperial Stout, a strong Barley wine made with maple syrup or a light Pils, as part of their daily rotating taps.  Nick had been known to be open to customer suggestions and the next time you come back, he may have brewed a batch based on your recipe. 
So if you came for the beer, you will stay, and return often, for the unbelievable wood oven pizzas' with organic ingredients that will blow away even the most hardcore foodie.  I ordered the Presto Bianca pizza which had an arugula basil pesto and fresh mozzarella on a perfectly tin crusted dough that was baked the old world way.  They have some unique varieties that would satisfy any tastes and you can even build your own pizza with their wide range of gourmet toppings.  
NOW STOP READING and GO already!!!!  Life is too short to pass up beer and pizza which is this great.Excellent pizza and beer! I had a sampler all the beers and they were each delicious. Love this place and wish I lived nearer so I could become a regular!I am a superfan of Chestnut Hill Brewing Company! As a Chestnut Hill native, I spent my early years in the 1980s going to the Market, and I am so happy to see this place make such an incredible come back, with a brewery to boot! 
The beer and pizza at this place are awesome. My mom, 10 month old son, and I frequent it almost weekly--- it's perfect for any age range! My mom gets a glass of wine and the delish white pizza, I get one of the many (and always changing/adding new flavors!) different beers and traditional pizza, and my son eats the crusts :) The pizza is even healthy--- they usue organic and local ingredients and very little grease or sugar. Everyone there is friendly, easy to talk to, and welcoming! The service is terrific, and they let you sample a bunch different beers before landing on your choice. They are always open to feedback and suggestions!
The outdoor garden area or the indoor seating area is great for kids, for trying to get work done (wifi!), or relax and catch up with friends. What is also cool is that the Brewing Company encourages market goers to not just get beer and pizza, you can mix and match--- get sushi or a baked good or jerk chicken or wings to chow down with your favorite beverage. A really low key and positive atmosphere that brings people together and provides the wonderful sense of community that makes me so proud to be a Chestnut Hill native. 
Best part--- Ralph the mascot. Nicest biggest dog ever! Make sure to give him a hug if he makes an appearance while you are at the market. He'll hug you right back!
Cheers!Amazing pizza, decent beer, EXCELLENT customer service! Our bartender was so catering and kind- made the experience even better! Even if you're not in the mood for pizza, there are a bunch of options to choose from in the venue.I am so happy these guys finally opened up! We went this past weekend and got two beers to sit outside with. The little area outside is great to hangout in and have some beers. We ended up getting a growler to go home with. I will say the growler is totally flat. Unopened, less than 24 hours of getting. But still tasty. Definitely going back for more and try the pizza!Went with family to try a newer pizza and beer establishment in town. Though a long wait (they were overwhelmed with great, unexpected weather on a Fri. Eve), the pizzas were well worth it.  Delicious, crispy pizzas which did not last long. Tried their amber, and their stout- both extremely smooth and well made. Though at or over capacity, the staff made sure to check on food and make sure that everything was to our liking. We'll definitely return!Come for the beer and stay for the pizza OR come for the pizza and stay for the beer.  Either way, it's a win!My go to spot for great coffee. The staff is always kind and courteous and it's a great spot to spend your lazy weekend afternoon.Best pizza in town! They also have a cute outdoor seating area. I can't speak much on the beer because I don't normally like beer but the pizza is BOMB!The space here is pretty outstanding. As others have mentioned, the ordering process is a tad confusing. I ordered a beer and pizza at the counter, took a number away, signed my receipt, and that was it. But, okay, what if you want another beer? Am I supposed to go back and open a new tab? Seemed a bit odd to me. 
The pale ale was solid, full bodied and tasty. A nice take on the style. The pizza was merely average in my mind. I actually had to check when I went home to see if the margherita was made was made with spinach or basil. I was a bit surprised to see it was basil. I only had about 5 pieces on the entire pie, some pieces had none. I prefer a little more greenery on a margherita, and certainly would have preferred if it didn't taste charred and flavorless. Could have been a bad batch. I'll return and try a different pizza next time.I would like to thank Lindsey of CHBC for responding to my last review. I will be glad to drop by and sample some of the updated brews in the near future.so excited to have this new eatery open up. every pie i've had has been delicious and just right. the owners are super friendly and sweet and the chef incredibly talented. it's become a quick favorite!
all the ingredients are fresh and high-end with no skimping. plus, there are great vegetarian options (butternut squash is my fave!). 
welcome to the hill, yo! wishing you much success!I'm not sure what all the fuss is about as far as the beers go. The pizza is pretty good. For the most part though, I found the beer to be a bit bland and not necessarily in the style as was described in the menu. I tried at least four or five of them just to make sure I wasn't being overly critical based on one or two quick tastings. I think over time they may get better and hopefully that will be the case here.The beer is finally tapped and available! Early impressions are quite good. They currently have 3 beers on tap: a pale ale, Belgian style and a stout. 
The pale ale, called Flower Child, is pretty tasty and easy to drink. The Stout was great with a very smoky taste.
The bar area has a nice set-up and it appears they have 8 taps ready, although I don't know if it will be only their beer served. I wonder how fast they can brew and produce beer. 
The outside, where re fire pit is looks to become an outdoor beer garden. Looking forward to the opportunity to sit outside. 
Overall, this is a great start. Good luck because Chestnut Hill could use a place like this.Great addition to the area!  Have been twice now.  Went once before they were serving beer and split a pontz pizza which was excellent.  Went again on Saturday afternoon to try the beers.  Everybody loved their beer.  I had the liberty Belgian which was delicious.  It seems they have made some nice changes to the Market at the Fareway to accommodate this place.  The market feels much more active than it has in a while.  Definitely a positive development!Had the Presto Bianca and the Trenton Napoli (both were amazing)! The pizzas come in one size and each one is about the size of a medium pizza; it's too filling for one person but not enough for two. I suggest pairing a pairing the Presto or Trenton with a pizza that has a red sauce.Loving this place. The pizza is delicious and I can't wait to try the beer. Fresh pizza is the best pizza and this is definitely up there. 
Update 7/7/17
Pizza is still as delicious as ever. The beer is also on point. IPAs were really good and the outdoor seating was great! Love this place!Solid pizza; good beer; but, man, on a nice late Sunday afternoon for an early dinner, I thought I was at Chuck E Cheese. Too many kids making too much noise for this to be an enjoyable experience for 2 adults looking for a relaxing afternoon beer and pie. 
I know Chestnut Hill is now the pinnacle urban-suburban fantasy for families who are trying to hang on to their cool factor, but take that $hit to the Trolley Car Diner where you belong.Loving this place. The pizza is delicious and I can't wait to try the beer. Fresh pizza is the best pizza and this is definitely up there and well worth a visit.Pizza was so damn good and so was the beer. Service was super fast and the woman behind the counter was extremely kind and answered all my questions.This place has the BEST pizza and such a great atmosphere!! I love going to Chestnut Hill Brewery to sit and eat inside or to take to go with fast service! Such an awesome spot in Chestnut Hill!This place was great and in a really cute location. The beer is delicious and so is the pizza. Stopped by and then walked around a bit on Germantown ave. Used the free beer with a check in on yelp and free beer is always a plus.Chestnut Hill Brewing Company is a great addition to the Chestnut Hill dining & drinking scene. First of all it looks awesome - especially the colorful-with-many-flowers outdoor space.  There are many options for en plein air drinking and eating - comfy sofa pods, long communal beer tables, high tops, single tables under cover - take your choice.  Now the food & drink system is that you order at the bar counter.  Take your beer back to your table and the food will be delivered to you when it is ready.  I enjoyed a very tasty pale dry-hopped ale called 'Hazed and Confused.'  The Trenton style Neapolitan pizza was also very good although not the best Trenton Tomato Pie I have ever eaten.  Service was friendly.  
A couple of suggestion to polish up the experience: First have updated menus at the table. The menus at out table either didn't have a beer list or an outdated one.  Also def have more bottles of crushed red pepper and parmesan cheese available.  It's silly to have the waitress scout around to find some and then soon after ask you if you are finished with them so she can take them to another table asking for them.  And have cold tap water on offer.  The table water I was served was actually warm - c'mon guys these little things count.  But overall I am very pleased to welcome the Chestnut Hill Brewing Company to the Hill.Stopped here after a hike and enjoyed it. Cute place! Beers are good and their pizza is pretty delicious too. The fire pits outside were nice to sit around with our dog.Love! Pizzas are delicious and of course the beer is as well. Great casual environment, family friendly but also suitable for an adult night out.Fantastic experience- great service, good beer, good pizza- quick and tasty  shout out to J9Great atmosphere, beer and pizza. The bartender from Minnesota was super friendly and helpful.I saw that the owner brewed a stout fir his wife and was disappointed to find that it wasnt on tap.This is a Wonderful place...A unique and perfect blend for all ages. The staff combines their gifts to share food and drink with the community.
   Recently, my order was misplaced and Instead of waiting, I was given a free drink, pizza and kind Philly company, thanks Jordan and Sal. 
    I'll return, and I recommend you do the same. 
   Thanks all.Pizza was very good, beer was pretty good but they only had a few of their own on tap. Semi communal seating was cozy.If you are expecting a regular brewery this isn't it. It is a small market type place with no heat and a few stools at a counter for the bar. They only had 4 beers on tap and as far as the pizza, I've seen a bigger kitchen in a food truck. Super depressing in here. We were excited about this but left before ordering.The person taking my order was so friendly and made sure that everything was ready and on time also so polite. Can't remember her name but it might of started with a JMy experience was very poor with everything. Let's start with the service. The lady who works the register was so unfriendly, had a rude demeanor, and unhelpful with taking our order. She literally only said one word which was the total of our bill. Is she like this all the time or was there something off about her this day? Now onto the food. We ordered the Veggie Mordeno pizza which came to $15. My friend and I sat outside as we waited patiently. When our pizza arrived about 25 mins later, I noticed something wrong right off the bat. The cheese wasn't melted all the ways after taking a first bite, the pizza wasn't hot. This pizza was not cooked all the way, nor were there enough veggies on top. This pizza was a sloppy job that they put together in less than 10 mins trying to rush it out. It was bad and I wanted to say something but I was with my friend who didn't say anything and I was starving so I just sucked it up and kept eating. Food was a major disappointment. And for $15??!! You gotta be kidding me. 
ATTN Management: If you read this, please make sure your employees treat customers with kindness AND make sure the pizza's fully cooked. That means MELTED cheese, not halfway. It's very unappetizing.The Hef was cloudy and delicious - will go back just for the beer. The pizza was quite good, but not outstanding. Next time will try some of the other food options in the market.Their veggie pizzas are probably the best I have ever had.  Very family friendly and great atmosphere.Love the brewery especially Janine, great beer's and you can wander around the market for whatever food you want. New barbecue place opened up and they had Ghost wings, the whole wing! Lovely outside patio. The best friendly place to go and relax.Good beer, good pizza. J9 is the best server/bartender/tour guide. New taproom coming soon that looks awesome AFWhere can I find a Banana Flavored Beer?I know it sounds weird,but I have a taste for it.There are few things in this world that are as symbiotic as beer and pizza.  So naturally, when you combine tasty versions of the two, you can't lose.  As a light beer drinker and someone who never developed a taste for IPAs, I really enjoyed that this microbrewery doesn't fall short when it comes to the less hoppy versions of their crafts.  The pizza was made fresh in a wood burning over with local ingredients, which made the flavors really bold and delicious.  Perhaps this is not their style, but I love the subtle burn on a wood oven pizza, and these, although again really good, lacked that small aspect.  The staff is friendly and engaging.  There is a small amount of seats at the bar and counter where you can watch the pizza guys expertly toss the dough in the open concept kitchen.  However, since most of the other business sharing this space are predominantly open for lunch, if you come grab dinner at Chestnut Hill Brewing Co. you mostly have the place to yourself.  This includes the air-conditioned seats inside as well as the cool seating outside.Since moving to Philly from CT, I've been searching for great pizza. I finally found it here. The crust is crispy, but has a great chew, the sauce is salty (in a good way), sweet, and tangy, the cheese doesn't get lost at all and is clearly of good quality. I usually get pepperoni on mine (try the Trenton with pep, red onions, and balsamic. You will NOT be sorry), and the pepperoni is always nice and crispy. The service is friendly and fast, the location is great. I could eat there all the time and never get tired of it!Went here the other day after a hike. I live in center city Philly, and thought this looked like a really cute spot.
It's located in a market similar to reading terminal (but smaller.) The concept is cool. They have an outside and you can bring a meal from any vendor out with you. The outside is super cute! Nice flowers, big chairs, and a fire place.
The beer is just ok. I wasn't impressed and thought a $10 flight was overpriced. I asked the girl at the register what IPA was best and she basically just gave me a description. They have pizza, but I didn't try it. A girl next to me did get it and it looked really good.
Def worth checking out, but the beer alone is not the draw. More the experience.We were taking a walk up to the market and decided to give the brewery a try for lunch. I was getting over a cold and was kind of happy to be out for a meal. We had the basic pizza and a lime/tequila cider. While the cider was a bit too much tequila forward for me, my wife loved it. Pizza was really tasty as well.But like... could I be happier? We came here during the chestnut hill home and garden festival and really enjoyed all of the beers and the pizza and reallt had a great day. It's in a perfect little spot tucked away off of the main strip so it was perfectly quiet and sunny and.. ugh. You've gotta get hereI absolutely love their pizza. I'm a sucker for a good wood fired pizza. My go to is definitely the margherita, but I also like their presto Bianca. It's a bit small inside, but I prefer the outdoors anyway. There's ample seating and a fire pit to keep warm in the winter. Their beers are also pretty solid. I collect growlers/ crawlers and am happy to have theirs as part of my collection. Warning: it's very easy to finish a pie by yourself ‍I'm sad that I have waited 2 years to update my review. This has become a staple on my list to visit when I come back to Chestnut Hill. I'm so proud of their expansion. I really enjoyed what they did with their new indoor space. 
The Pontz is my go to pizza and I regret it every time I change my mind. I get it well done, because... yes.. the crust can be a little soggy at times. 
Family friendly, dog friendly.CHB is located in the heart of Chestnut Hill adjacent to the Chestnut Hill hotel and features both indoor dining and plenty of outside seating as well. It also is affiliated with the local food hall that is just next door which is a nice feature. The staff at the restaurant were very attentive and friendly and tried to do all they could to accommodate your wishes. The food is all prepared with fresh ingredients which you can both taste and see in the presentation. As far as their specialized beer offerings they were both tasty and interesting yet could have been served a bit colder. This is a great place for a fun lunch out on a beautiful fall day.I wanted to take the time to update my review for this spot!  I have been here a few times in the past few years and I am glad to report that it appears they have found their groove!
Chestnut Hill Brewery is a neighborhood gem that is nestled into The Market at the Fareway!  I decided on a flight to taste a few beers that I haven't had and they were delicious and had depth to them!  
I am pleased to report the good neighborhood vibe still exists and the service was particularly good on a busy Friday night!We stopped in for a quick beer and pizza. The beer selection was good and you could get a half pour for $4. Pizza was thin crust and was prepared very quickly and was not burning hot when delivered to our table. Definitely going to visit again and try more of the selection of beer!!!They have a well-heated outdoor space, with plexiglass separating guests. We went during Chestnut Hill on Ice, and were able to get our beer in an ice glass. Fun notion, but make sure you drink it quick enough! My glass melted a bit too much. 
The pumpkin ale was good though. We split a pretzel. The jalapeño beer cheese dipping sauce was good, but I thought the mustard was a little too much horseradish. 
We split a Margherita pizza. Wood fired, super tasty. Would definitely go again!!!This place never ceases to be awesome. The beer is amazing, the food is great, and the servers are kind and accommodating. The outdoor heaters make it comfortable 12 months of the year. One of our favorite breweries, especially when Barley and Hops the dogs come to visit!Great friendly staff and excellent beer. I regret going to the Mexican joint next door which was a tragedy and not getting a pizza at the brewery which looked outstanding...This place is located in the Market at the Fareway. I would consider it a micro brewery. Its not the type where you bring a large group to spend the entire day participating in a brew tour, eating appetizers at the restaurant, watching sports type deal. The seating and menu are limited. There's about 10 bar style seats available. There is a beer garden outside to sit at as well. They also allow you to sit at the community seating inside. You don't have to stay at the bar seating. The food menu only consists of pizza. However, I still enjoyed my visit even though it was smaller than I expected. 
I ordered a flight to start. You get to select 4 beers from the menu. I got the Hef, Hazed and Confused, Gingerbread Pear Cider, and Woof If You Like It. The Hazed and Confused was my favorite. It's a little on the heavier side and has a nice herb taste. I don't drink beer often since it fills me up quickly so this flight was a perfect amount for me. The price was only $10 so that was nice as well. 
Next, I ordered the Pontz pizza. It had sausage, red onions, mushrooms and cheese for the toppings. I shared it with my boyfriend so it's enough to feed two people. They have a wood fire oven they cook it in located right next to the seating area. This is especially nice since you get to enjoy the flatbread moments after it comes out of the oven. The location of where the beer is brewed is also next to the seating area. The staff is very accommodating too, which is always a plus in my book. 
The only down side about this place is that there were no TVs to watch sports. Other than that, I would definitely come back here.Awesome space with a great tasty menu and super friendly staff. A true delight to experience.We stopped by during trivia night and had a great time! Margherita pizza was yummy and really good cider.I love Chestnut Hill and would walk town any day.  It's perfect for grabbing a bite to eat and exploring in the warm weather!  This time I decided to check out the brewery with some friends in the middle of a huge snow storm.  First off, it is really hard to find and almost hidden behind other buildings.  If you go past the restaurant that is part of the Chestnut Hill hotel, there is an alley way right before the post office.  You can walk down there and it will lead you to a small strip with more restaurants.  It is past Green soul on the right hand side.  
The inside of the building reminds me of a miniature version of Reading Terminal Market.  The brewery is right up at the front when you walk in, with two strips of bar area to the right and a larger seating area to the left.  There is a bakery, the pizza place that is part of the brewery, a small market, and a few other food stands.  It wasn't as crowded when we went because of the weather so we got a nice seat right in front of the taps.  
I started with a flight so I could try the variety of beers.  I tasted the Shake it Out Stout, the Gose for It sour, the Liberty Bel-gian, and the Guest Tap cider.  The sour was by far the best one I have tasted because of it's subtle notes of salty and sour.  The cider was also really tasty, even though it was Stone & Key and not Chestnut Hill's brew.  We got the Presto Bianca and a white pie with arugula and Prosciutto.  They were both phenomenal and I would definitely get the white pizza again!  
It's on my list to return when the weather is warmer with a huge group of friends.  The beer was good, but I would definitely come back for the experience of sitting outside and having a beer and some yummy pizza!Stopped in for lunch with my wife. Thanks you Yelp for the free beer deal! :-) I had a make-your-own salad. Very big with a nice slice of focaccia. Had the Pontz pizza. Very tasty crust although a bit thin in the middle. Porter was very good and rated a 4 on Untappd.From the pizzas to the beer my family and I enjoy this spot immensely! The outdoor space heaters make it a great night out!We decided to go out to lunch and out son wanted Pizza. We decided to try somewhere new. I found CHBC on Yelp and figured why not. 
We discovered a whole market of amazing places. 
As soon as we walked in the door one of the employees from Chestnut Hill Brewing Company greeted us and told us about all of the places that were open. Very inviting and friendly. We said we were here for Pizza and Beers. 
We ended up getting 2 pizzas which were 
 really good. We had the traditional and the Margarita, both were really good. 
I sampled a few of their beers and really enjoyed the Loosey. 
All in all we will 100% be back. 
Check out this whole place. Market at The Fareway looks like a great place. So much to try.First trip here! Very nice atmosphere, but rough in direct sunlight. I cant wait to come back at night.