Chewy's catered my wedding last weekend, and I can't say enough good things about Charlie and his team! Our guests were so impressed by all they food they served - especially the shrimp roll and the honey Sriracha wings. People are still raving about them almost a week later!We recently had Chewys for a graduation Party for 80 people and it was perfect.The food was enjoyed by all and there were no issues at all.I would highly recommend Chewys for any event they were great to work with and food was awesome.There is nothing better than not cooking for your own party!!Thanks Charlie.We just had Chewey's for a graduation party and it was INCREDIBLE. Charlie is so easy to work with and everything went perfectly. The food was excellent and my guests couldn't stop raving. The BBQ brisket sandwich is the best I've ever had and the BBQ pork sandwich was even better. He even figured out how to make the vegetarian option delicious. I couldn't recommend Chewey's more.Great burgers!! I had a veggie burger done the diablo style and I was very happy. Their veggie patty is one of the best I've ever eaten, and I am very very excited about trying out the veggie burger in a few different styles. The veggie burger is made of vegetables and not soy or some other protein - I can't stand those. The patty was sizeable, but not greasy or overdone.
I have never been a fan of burgers that overwhelm - the humongous variety that get monotonous or boring to eat after a while. And one keeps eating because its sitting there in front of us and we're not concerned about overeating. At Chewy's, the burger size is perfect - it is neither overwhelmingly massive nor small by any standard. It is a good meal-sized burger. I am not sure I would need a side with it, but I'm going to try it a few times with and without sides and see. In all, it is a filling burger - very very good for a meal. 
Another thing about Chewy's burgers - they pay attention to the condiments. Not like some places that throw in a slice each of tomato, onion, cheese and a leaf of lettuce. The condiments suit the burger and go well with one another. The variety available here adds to the excitement of trying out new burgers!
And the tots? The best ever - perfectly fried, crispy and not overdone. I got a *large* amount for $2.
Both the guys here are very good - they are friendly, seem sincere and hardworking. Respect.
Can't wait to go back. 
PS: I have never written so much about the humble burger before - but Chewy's burgers are far from humble.Outstanding food and selection!  Worked all details with Charlie thru text and email and he was ALWAYS fast to respond. Served over 100 people and everyone had nothing but 5 star reviews. The truck's inner kitchen was spotless and obviously was reflective in the pride Charlie had of it. 
Highly recommend as the pulled pork and mac-n-cheese were a couple of the faves.We were lucky enough to have Chewy's come to our outdoor wedding reception this past weekend and we couldn't have asked for a better experience. You can tell by how professional they are that this wasn't their first event! From start to finish, they gave the party a really cool vibe and the guys were all super friendly. Also, can I mention that their food is to die for!!!??? They offered a large menu for the party that SERIOUSLY pleased the entire crowd. Everything was delicious and fresh and if you're looking to have a food truck at your party you should try to book Chewy's. Sh!t was GOURMET (pronounce the T)!!!!! Thanks, Chewy's!!I am sad to say that the veggie burger left me very unenthusiastic. 
I see many others enjoyed it, so perhaps I got the bottom of the barrel/end of the day burger? 
Here's my beef (pun totally intended).
When I think of a veggie burger, I think of beans, veggies, grains. A little crunch on the edges, big flavor. So when what I received was a mushy, visually unappealing patty of eggplant and breadcrumbs, I was bummed. Though it was on a lovely toasted sesame seed bun, some mixed greens, and avocado/tomato/onion, which was the only source of flavor and vibrancy. 
While it certainly wasn't the best veggie burger I had ever had, I sense that the food is made with love- so I'd be curious to see how they execute their other menu item. 
I hear good things about the tots.Food trucks make me hesitate a bit, but the mobile Chewy's Food Truck has a soft spot in my heart.  Though I can only sporadically visit their parked location on Market & 33rd, I always peek to see whether they have their amazing chicken and waffles special.
How can you hate on a combination of the two best things on this earth?  C'mon now, don't be shy.  Just don't crowd the truck all at once, okay?It was a couple of weeks ago that my co-worker came back to the office with a paper tray of the buffalo tots. They looked good and she couldn't stop talking about them. She told me she got them at this lunch truck on market street.
Then earlier this week, a student came into our offices (I work at Drexel, you see) and he was jamming a bacon cheeseburger into his mouth. He was basically making love to his sandwich. He told me he got the burger over at Chewy's.
Well, now that I saw two people eat the food from this truck and love it, I felt it was incumbent on me to try it out. Here's what I got: Texas burger with a side of tots.
The burger was awesome... they actually asked what temperature I wanted my burger. It had barbeque sauce and coleslaw on it. The combination of flavors were great.
The tots were awesome. So much so that I updated my facebook status with "Tom D. is in tator tot heaven." It was truth.
In all, this is a worthwhile place to grab lunch, they are nice guys, the food looks and tastes awesome and it is reasonably priced.Yum! I had the best veggie burger today with caramelized apples, and Brie. The patty was made with big and fresh ingredients and tasted fantastic! It was one of the best I've had. Would highly recommend and will visit again!!!!Chewy's was a hit backstage at the Forbes Under 30 Music Festival! Their tots, veggie burgers, and wings were all amazing and kept our attendees going back for more! We were so happy and proud to have them on board.Amazing food and service. Wherever they come in Philly I will travel to patronize them!  #MrProTipI'll preface this by saying my day has been unusually craptastic.  
This is one of the only food trucks that I've seen at Love Park that don't take credit cards or Level Up, so I had to run back across the street to get money before I could order.  This truck is surrounded by people, so I figure it has to have some good shit on it.  Chicken and waffles are on the menu, that's a good sign, right?  Order a burger.  20 minutes later (no shit, at a food truck?) I get it and the spicy fries.  Smells good.  
I sit down near the fountain and hope a stoner sits next to me and lights up so I can feel better.  Or at least a wino that will give me a swig of Steel Reserve.  I eat some fries, tasty.  Go to unwrap the burger, it starts pouring.  I want to blame the truck, I won't.
I dash back to work, open the burger, looks great!  Can't remember the name but bbq sauce, cole slaw, yummy.  Take a bite, good taste, then I look down.  Pink.  You can almost see the squiggles (ground beef squiggles, you know what I'm talking about).  Seriously?  I tried to microwave it cooked, but I was defeated.  
Didn't even want the fries anymore.  I'm out $10, still hungry and wet.  And not in the good way either.
Now that I think about it, they're really lucky I didn't eat it at the park.  They would have been scrubbing raw meat out of the truck for days.Tried this place out at the night market! I was intrigued when I saw that they had sriracha honey wings and I love wings! 
Sriracha honey wings: 4.5/5 - Crispy on the outside, moist on the inside and very flavorful from the sauce. I was a fan of the sauce, so good! 
I don't think they were expensive, but I wish I had more!Stopped by on their opening day and tried the Diablo burger (avocado and chipotle sauce) and Buffalo Tots. Both were great. The wait was short and reasonable, but I did get there after the regular lunch rush hours.Great food; but one suggestion: while I realize you want to provide fast service, food that's been sitting (like the tasty sriracha chicken I had today) on cold days is quite cold. Give the customer a choice - ask of they want to wait or what's been under the warmer. Thanks.This place has super reasonable prices compared to other food trucks.  Also they are very efficient.  There was a very long line today, due to the nice weather, and my order came out within a reasonable amount of time. 
Tater tots - These were better than I expected!  Super crispy on the outside and soft on the inside - just how I like them.  I got these with a topping of cheese.   The portion is huge!  I gave half to my coworker and still felt like I had more than enough. 
Grilled cheese with apple and tomato - I forgot to specify which kind of cheese!  My fault.  I guess the default cheese it comes with is paste, aka gross American cheese.  Yuck.  Not their fault.  Maybe some people like this, but I think American "cheese" is just about the most vile s*it on this earth.  Otherwise the sandwich was a good size, with the other toppings being fresh and tasty.  The cheese was not well-melted, but I think that might have been because it was so busy they wanted to minimize everyone's wait time. 
Only five dollars for all of this food.  Good deals!!
I will be back, but next time I will order some decent cheese.A solid addition to the UCity food truck scene! I really like Chewy's and think the hiccups I experienced at my last visit will get ironed out as they get more experience. I love that you can combine 2 types of sliders for your order - I had one Texan and one bacon & cheese. Both were delicious, the Texan had big flavor with cole slaw and an awesome BBQ sauce. The size was perfect - enough that I felt like I got a good taste of both burgers and was full and happy when I finished. For $7 you also get fries, which is awesome and definitely puts this in the realm of reasonably-priced lunch options. I thought my fries were a tad undercooked but that's a matter of preference, I'd just like 'em a little crispier. I am sure there are plenty of people who eat them and think "this is so perfect, not like [X place] that always overcooks their fries!" 
My biggest problem was that I waited a really, really long time after placing my order. It didn't seem like they had a good system in place for going from order to grill to burger to bag. If they can get this streamlined - and maybe even get another pair of hands in the truck - it would make the experience a lot smoother.Chewy's worked the after party at my wedding this past weekend and they were AWESOME! The food came out quick, and hot, and was of very high quality- think yummy comfort food that brings you back to your childhood, but well made with high quality ingredients. I really cannot say enough, we couldn't have been more pleased. A testament to their awesomeness: we ran out of grilled cheese so they started making grilled cheese on sandwich buns to keep our guests happy. Seriously you guys rock, come to NYC!!Chewy's is pure unadulterated evil. From the ridiculously tasty tater tots (also in buffalo version with wiz, bacon, buffalo sauce and ranch) to the surprisingly tasty burgers to the super friendly guys working hard to make snacks with love. It's all evil. And I mean that in the sense of "oh, gee, I totally don't need to be eating tots 4 times a week, but I will anyway because a large part of me is convinced that they put crack in the tots."
They are located about a block from my office and a day doesn't go by that someone isn't tempting us all with a big basket of tots. Jerks. 
I had sliders today, of the Diablo variety. The burger was perfectly cooked and topped with care. I wish it was a little spicier but I'm sure that if I ask nicely the next one will be even better. (Although, seeing as how I'm getting over some questionable sushi from earlier in the week, it's probably a good thing)
Plus it doesn't hurt that the dude behind the counter is seriously adorable. I don't know his name, but he's pretty cute. So I'd be back for that, even if the food wasn't a big fat step above your standard food truck fare.I stopped by unexpectedly while walking by "The Porch" at 30th Street station at about 9:30 AM on my way to work.
I ordered a "Cali"  (BLT with avocado and a deicious lemon/lime mayo that really added a pleasant brightness).  Menu said $4.50 but she only asked me for $3.50.
Sweet gal on the truck!
So very pleased.
I can't wait to try their burgers.I was hesitant to write a review, for fear that this place would get TOO popular and then the lines would be out of control (like cucina zappata). I went here today for the first time and gotten one of the best lunches I've ever had. EVER. A turkey burger with brie, caramelized onions, arugula and black pepper mayo (aka the brie burger) and truffle tater tots. Yes, that's right. I said truffle freakin tater tots. With parmesan cheese and parsley. This is the stuff of dreams. I don't know how the proprietors aren't obese, because I would be. The cart itself is cute, clean and decorated nicely. The staff was friendly and the menu diverse (chicken and waffles? what?). I will be back here many, many more times. Thanks, chewy!I almost didn't want to write this review because my feelings on Chewy feel very average.  If there were half stars, I'd give them a smack in the middle rating of 2.5.  But I was feeling generous, so I bumped it up to 3.  You're welcome.
Why was it average?
Average burger.  Meat was tasty.  Nothing special.  Decent sized patty.
Average bun.  One of those sesame rolls.  Not a bad meat-to-bun ratio.
Average toppings.  I got the diablo, which had guac, lettuce, pico de gallo, and a chipotle mayo.
Average tater tots.  I love me some tots.  They were generic. 
Average price.  I ate at a special event, so I didn't pay.  I believe people said the burger goes for $6, tots for $2?
Average service.  Burger came out quick (it wasn't made to order).  Guys working the truck were friendly.
I feel like this is the most unhelpful review ever.  Sorry!!!!  BUT I will say that if you are nearby Chewy's definitely check them out for a burger that will fulfill a burger craving  but won't change your life.Hey kids! Me again.
Just a quick update about a couple things today...
1. The Texan Burger
I've had the Texan Burger... *counts on fingers*... a bunch of times now, compared to the Blue Burger and the Toga -- which I've had only once each. One day I asked Terence which burger was the most popular and he told me that the Diablo, Blue, and Bacon were just about tied. I mean, okay, people dig Tex-Mex-ish stuff, blue cheese...people like that, and bacon's bacon (and -- again -- Chewy's bacon is pretty bomb). But me? I like simple things. I especially like it when simple things turn out to be so much more than you could ever hope for.
The Texan comes with barbecue sauce and cole slaw. That's it -- no tomato, no onions, no lettuce and none of that other ish. Because -- you know why? The Texan doesn't need it. I think of it as the Chuck Norris of Chewy's burgers. Cole slaw beard and cancer-curing barbecue sauce tears... Mhm, sounds about right.
You see, I was doubtful at first. After all, I'd only liked cole slaw once or twice before. Know what made me order that first Texan Burger? Faith, man. I hadn't been let down by Chewy's before, so I gave it a shot. BAM! Fantastic choice. High five!
2. The Fries
It took me entirely too long to try their fries. First, they come in a paper cup à la Boardwalk Fries, which is vastly superior to horrible styrofoam boxes that melt when your food is too hot. Second, they're thin -- I swear I'm not shallow but I do prefer my fries thin. Third, they're delicious. They'll give you ketchup packets but why would you ever want to ruin the perfection of great-tasting fries with KETCHUP? Wouldn't say no to mayo, though. Them fries with lemon or cider mayo? Anyone?
I should end this before it gets too long. I already think I'm stepping into tl;dr territory with this third review. In my defense, I like to be thorough and Chew-Chew's is very easy to write about. Yes, I've taken to calling them Chew-Chew's now. No, they don't know about it...yet.Had the pulled pork while at Yards Brewery.  Awesome sandwich with an amazing slaw.  Will definitely be checking in with his truck more.  Great job guys! D-HEAD Approves!Based on the buffalo tots I had while doing some holiday shopping at LOVE Park a few weeks ago, I'd say I'm a fan. The sizable portion of tots I received definitely filled me up. Tossed in spicy buffalo sauce, and topped with cheese and crispy bacon, the tots come with a serving of ranch dressing to dip into.
Will certainly be back to try a burger, sooner rather than later.Ever since my office left University City, there has been a hole in my heart. It's as deep as a well and is shaped like a big orange food truck. I was super happy to find myself working out of 1650 Arch on Wednesday. Why so happy? Because on Wednesdays, Chewy's is at the park. 
I got a diablo burger and fries, although I was super tempted by the fried chicken since I know it's so freaking good. To be honest, I wasn't even hungry, I just wanted happy mouth noms. And a happy mouth I had. 
I heart Chewy's. The food is awesome, Charlie and Terrence are super nice and they make all their food with love. Love and care. It's like a hug.  Go eat at Chewy's. But not when I'm there since I don't want to have to wait. 
The only thing that would make them better would be if they accepted LevelUp as payment. Then I'd never need cash.Chewy's came out and catered our wedding. The food was amazing, the crew was extremely personable and friendly, and they really made the whole process of feeding our 100 guests effortless. Before leaving Charlie even came and snapped a few pictures with us as he said bye. They went above and beyond and I can't thank them enough for that. The food is still coming up in conversations with friends and family that attended the wedding and how much they enjoyed it. I would highly recommend Chewy's food truck to anyone and everyone and will use them again for any event I have in the future!I used Chewys food truck for my daughter's birthday party. It was a HUGE hit! Everyone was raving about how good the food was. To top things off, Charlie and his crew are the nicest people ever! I HIGHLY recommend Chewy's for your next event; you will not be disappointed.My breathing is stifled right now because of how fast and furious I devoured a massive veggie burger from Chewy's.
My other boyfriend in food service works on this truck.  I think he's going to put his number in my food bag, and that I have to make sure I eat EVERYTHING in case he hid it inside the burger or underneath a tot.  Today I didn't find any love notes, and now I can't breathe.
The prices here are pretty good for lunch - $6 gets you a burger (veggie, turkey, beef) and toppings which they refer to as "styles".  There's Texan, Veggie, some Greek kind, KimChi, and Blue.  Might be more.  I haven't ventured out of the Veggie burger Veggie style range because I like it so much.  The Veggie burger isn't some frozen brick of soy, I don't know exactly what's in it but it seems freshly made and I think I see eggplant in it.  And herbs...it's nice to see herbs and seeds and spices in food that comes off a truck.  Veggie style comes with mushrooms, roasted peppers, caramelized onions, and mixed greens.  Everything was really fresh.
Today I got confident and ordered the tots since people have raved.  It is a serious amount of tots for $2.  They're crispy, salty, HOT, but there wasn't a love note in them.We had the Chewy's truck come for the after party at our wedding - it was such a hit! The food was amazing and everyone is still talking about the buffalo tots. The guys were great, and very patient with some of our guests who had been partying a little too hard!I had one of the BEST veggie burgers today from Chewy's. Fresh big chunks of veggies in the patty and I had Brie and apple toppings. The sauce on it was delicious too! Definitely worth trying. I will be back again to taste other varieties. Highly recommend!Eagles game pregaming with beer bugers and tots. Don't get much better good base for more beer.Really great!  Quick turn around order to getting food time and the food was delicious.  My friends and I each ordered a different the slider combo.  Can't wait to go backMy first time at Chewy's I got the diablo burger, with avocado and pico de gallo. I had heard wonderful things about this truck, and I was not disappointed! Perfectly cooked, perfectly flavorful, perfectly juicy and fresh. Next, I tried the Cajun, and loved the combination of the crispy onion rings with the kick from the jalapeno peppers and pepper jack cheese. This is probably the best burger I've come across in the University City/West Philly area so far.I used this food truck for my sons graduation party . They made the party happen. 
People thought the burgers were some of the best they had ever had . The blue burger was my fav. Each piece of food they served was filled with love . The waffles homemade to order with fresh fruit, great fried chicken, blts with an interesting take.
They did a great job at getting the food out, they showed up on time and were pleasant and attentive to guests. I am an event planner and tough customer they deserved 5 star ratingI pass by Chewy's every day when I walk to work from 30th st station.  It always seems kinda slow for them in the mornings.  I came here with some coworkers for lunch.  I was craving a burger and I had heard good things from others about Chewy's burgers. 
There was a huge crowd of people waiting at the food truck.  I think the big attraction was their Chicken and Waffles special.  Myself, I had given up fried chicken so I wasn't tempted for it.  Two of my coworkers ordered it while I ordered a burger.
I got the turkey cheeseburger with ketchup and mustard.  It was still $6, maybe I should have gotten the bacon with it if it was the same price...  None of the specialty burgers were screaming out at me though.
My biggest issue was the cooking service.  The first coworker ordered chicken and waffles, then I ordered the turkey burger and then the other coworker ordered the chicken and waffles.  Why did the last coworker get her order first?  Especially when they ordered the same thing?  That was my confusion.  And my order took the longest.  That was just strange to me.
The burger itself was okay.  The turkey wasn't overly dry and the sesame bun was really soft.  But it was nothing special and didn't seem worthy of the price.  I really do want to try the tater tots though next time..Pleasurable experience from start to finish. I chose Chewy strictly based on Yelp reviews and the food and service certainly lived up to the hype. My boss asked me to get a food truck for an office lunch pretty last minute, Charlie responded quickly and was super accommodating. The food was amazing. The mac and cheese took me back to my childhood and could honestly contend with my grandmothers (I said contend...no one will ever trump grandma)- baked, perfect amount of cheese, and breadcrumb topping. We also had a choice of the brisket, diablo chicken, or veggie sandwich. The brisket was the popular choice and it did not disappoint. The meat was tender and the pickled onions were a great compliment. 
You can tell Charlie cares about what he does. The truck is super cute, clean, and he even creates a fun atmosphere with some music. My expectations were exceeded for sure. I'm still getting "thanks yous" for arranging and comments on how great the food was.This is one of my favorite food trucks in Philly, and even though it's a little out of the way for me, I make it a point to come here for lunch about once every other week. For $6 a pop, you get a perfectly cooked (i.e. not overdone! I hate when burgers are overdone) burger served to you by Charlie, one of the friendliest food truck owners around. My favorite at this truck is probably the kimchi burger. It's not spicy, but it is extremely messy - be prepared with napkins! Other favorites are the cajun and the diablo.
The burgers are a bit on the smaller side and sometimes leave me wishing I had ordered a second, but they're amazingly delicious nonetheless. Unfortunately, they're only open when Drexel is in school, which I learned the hard way once when I went to their usual spot in mid-September and they weren't there... it was quite tragic. I also wish they were open for dinner too, but for now I guess I'll have to get my Chewy's fixes for lunch only.Wow!  I ordered the diablo with fries and it was amazing!  I am sure everything else on the menu is just as good.  The fried chicken is a must have.  I love this orange truck.  It's one of those places that make you wish you can just keep on eating, food that makes you happy, service that makes you smile!  Nice job!Chewy's was one of the two food options at a wedding I just attended and it was incredible! I wanted to save some room for desert so I had the Sriracha Honey chicken wings and they were some of the best wings I've ever had! The staff was great and friendly, and the food was just down right awesome! Well done!Oh Snap, chicken and waffles! Waffles are made to order and come out hot and fluffy. I haven't had a really good waffle in a long time and was really enjoying the taste of their batter. Under the skin, the chicken itself was fine, some pieces were a little sinewy. The real super duper important thing is the skin, right? Chewy's has got it right here. The crispy skin was peppery and salty and tasted pleasantly like chicken fat when you sink your teeth into it. Honey, hot sauce , and butter are served  on the side. I didn't need the butter. The plate costs $7 an extra dollar gets you fruit on top.Headed for Chewy's on its first day in Love Park.  I opted for the Diablo burger, which I thought was quite good.  Just the right amount of kick.  I also really appreciated its size, I could finish the burger and still return to a productive work day (rather than feel the need to hide under my desk and nap).  I also got fries, which were excellent.  I was a bit nervous about trying food cart fries, but was not disappointed.  Looking forward to more Wednesdays in Love Park!Chewy's catered my husband's birthday party this past weekend. From start to finish, Charlie was super easy to work with from answering my questions, talking about pricing, and communicating about the party. On the day of the party, Charlie and his crew were so nice and accommodating to our guests. Everyone in the party raved about the food. I had the beef brisket and spicy fries which were so delicious. I was too full and busy (crazy hostess running around) to try their other menu items but my guests told me how good the hot wings and pulled pork were. The best party about having a food truck is how fresh the food is since they cook it on the premises. I am definitely going to follow them so I can try their other dishes. Great job Chewy's!I've eaten at Chewy's twice, and had a great experience both times.  They have a really impressive selection of burger styles - you definitely won't get bored eating here.  You can get a beef, turkey or veggie patty with any of the styles so it satisfies a variety of eating preferences.  They also have a rotating special - the last time I was there, it was fried chicken and waffles, which looked absolutely delicious.  Though tempted by the special, I went with the greek style burger with a veggie patty.  It was full of flavor and all the ingredients tasted fresh.  I also had some of my friend's tater tots, which were really yummy.
The guys working in the truck are really friendly, and put a lot of care into making everything.  This translates into a bit of a wait (I would estimate 10-12 minutes), but it's definitely worth it.Such sweet guys who work there! Their fried chicken is fantastic and they were so nice- gave me one of their deceptive pumpkins for free! Make sure to check them out ASAP!!Stopped by the food truck while at the Night Market Philly- so this review may not be a fair assessment of what they are like in their normal location during the week.
It was okay..but nothing that I'd run to University City for. They had two choices of burgers both which were served with fries. I got the blue cheese burger while my boyfriend got the Kimchi Burger . The burgers were cooked properly, had good flavor, and the bun was perfect for it.
Both of us felt the quality of fries were awful. Definitely frozen fries that were not cooked properly- very soggy/no crunch to them. 
Although for $5 for bad fries and 3 bites of a burger, I wouldn't call this a deal by any means.Amazing food, exceptional service, a good time had by all! Chewy's catered our corporate 50th Anniversary Tailgate party. We wanted to throw a party for the employees to celebrate our success and Chewy's was the perfect touch to our tailgate. They made adjustments to the menu as requested, showed up on time and had everything ready to go when the event started. The food was delicious, everyone ate (some had multiple servings), and clean up was non-existent (besides setting up a trashcan). The process couldn't have been easier. It was a great day and fun way to celebrate. I would hire Chewy's for corporate and personal events all over again!These guys are never at their location. Not only that but they do not update their website to let customers know where they will be. Good food, terrible management of business.Vegetarians of the world, unite. (At Chewy's, that is).
The eggplant "veggie" burger is amazing, the Russian dressing that they put on it is amazing, and the bread is amazing. What more could you want? There's a bunch of different ways to get it made, but if you really want the real deal, you're gonna have to go au naturale. Really.
This is one of the better veggie-friendly trucks that I've come across in the area, and their burger beat out (or is damned close at beating out) my long-time favorite veggie burger at Pyramid Pizza (behind Drexel's Main Building).
Even the other food available here (grilled cheese, salads, BLT - basil, lettuce, and tomato, mind you) sums up to veggie heaven.
I'd recommend trying the place out for the vegetarian food ASAP, if you're a fellow rabbit in the area who needs nourishment. Rabbits are vegetarians, right? If you're a meatatarian, still go. If it's anything close to how good the veggie stuff is, I'm sure you'll be fine. My guarantee.Welcome back! to amazing!
1. Had the texas turkey burger today.. bbq sauce and cold slaw.. The cold slaw was fantasmo.. big chunks of veggies and some nice pieces of carrot. Just enough bbq sauce to make is messy but not overwhelming in taste
also had some cheese tots.. cooked to perfection. gooey goodness.
2. They have music!
3. Since its cold out they have a propane heater... WHAT??? yes! we were all huddled around it. Nice touch guys. 
4. The food was hot and prompt and a good deal
5. SCORE!Chewy's is one of the new trucks on the block and its menu does not disappoint. I have nothing against good old breakfast egg sandwiches and chicken tenders, but a new fleet of trucks was long overdue.
I first noticed Chewy's last week after being absent from the area for the past six months. Prior to that, I had stopped getting lunch from the trucks because I was getting a little bored with the options... But yesterday I caved and stopped by Chewy's.
I found it a little difficult to decide what to eat: everything on the menu sounds so appealing and is so reasonably priced! I finally narrowed it down to the Cali BLT and the Apple BLT before choosing the former.
Ding ding ding ding ding! It was delicious! I thought the creamy avocado was perfectly complemented by the lemon mayo (yum!) and the bacon was crazy. The good kind of crazy. I could make a whole meal of just Chewy's bacon.
This morning I stopped by for a small cup of coffee because it's cheaper than the one I used to get at the Nosh. Added bonus: I don't walk away smelling like a deli. I later returned for the Apple BLT (duh), which I found delightful -- though the cider mayo was a bit understated. Blah blah blah, BACON blah blah.
*sigh* You know, I was really hoping to bring my own lunch to work and save some cash (times are rough, yo) but with Chewy's down the street from my job I'm starting to find it hard to do... Plus those guys are so nice it's kinda hard to say no. And look at their burger list... I'm bumping this to five blazing stars if their burgers are so good they make me want to slap someone.My office had Chewy's come to cater a lunch for our employees. First off, the food was so delicious! They had a ton of food with a bunch of items on the menu to satisfy everyone's taste buds! 
Charlie and his team were great to work with! They made the process very easy and enjoyable. We hope to set up another lunch soon and would recommend Chewy's to anyone!!I am PISSED. I got a Chewy's bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich this morning; got to work, and couldn't eat it for, like, fuckin', half an hour! Do you know, do you, just -- close your eyes and imagine:
A sandwich, so delicious and with such a generous amount of bacon they might as well rename it "The Bitchin' Bacon Breakfast Sandwich", sitting warm and snug in a paper bag, waiting for you to eat it. To make it complete. To help it fulfill the purpose of its very creation. Now reach for it -- NO, NO! DON'T! You can't! Oh? You're hungry? Someone dial whine-one-one! Sophie needs a whaaaaambulance!
But despite sitting there (very close to me, I promise) for what seemed like an eternity, the BBB Sandwich did not resent me and was every bit as tasty as I had imagined.
I also got hot chocolate this morning -- with whipped cream, which had completely melted by the time I got to work :(   And the cup was hot so I burned my hands :(   But mainly the whipped cream was gone :(
This review, however, isn't as much about this breakfast of champions as it is about the Blue Burger.
Chose promise, chose due: five blazing stars for an all-star burger. Cooked to near-perfection (perfection being medium-rare for those of you who don't know me), this not-so-little juicy gem comes with caramelized onions, mushrooms, blue cheese, lettuce, and tomato (all in perfect ratios) on a slightly grilled sesame bun (the best kind).
Two important things to address here:
1. The Meat
We all have our preferences when it comes to various meats' degrees of doneness. Mine, for red meat, happens to be medium-rare. Without asking how I wanted my burger cooked, the master of the grill magically produced a medium-to-medium-rare wonder. My conclusion is this: either he knew exactly what I wanted, or he's a man who knows good meat.* I understand that this might be a no-no for some people -- especially because I always assume that when people don't ask you how you want it cooked it means they'll cook it all the way through. BUT if you are concerned about undercooked meat, you should take it upon yourself to ask for it to be cooked to your liking.
2. Topping Ratio
This is crucial, and I'd like several restaurants to pay attention to this: the meat is the single most important part of a burger. Without it, a burger is nothing. Duh? Yes? So why is it that every blue cheese burger I've had was drowned in blue cheese? This is the reason I was kind of hesitant to order the Blue Burger, but I had asked my coworker to pick for me and that was her choice. Lo and behold, there was just enough cheese to a) deliver that creamy, pungent, luscious flavor and b) fall back onto the wrapper so that I could eat it with my fingers post-burger.
This concludes my second review of Chewy's Food Truck. I'd like to add that I wish my arms were long enough to hug the entire truck. But then I'd look really weird, so maybe some Go-Go-Gadget arms would do.
*I don't believe that this was a case of negligence, nor do I think that other people don't know good meat. Rather, it could be that other trucks' meat isn't as fresh or great in quality and thus they choose to do the responsible thing, which is to cook it all the way through. I may or may not be giving Chewy's too much credit, but I call it as I see and taste it: this burger was exceptional and the meat was largely responsible.Another lunch from a LOVE Park truck this week, and I am happy but not too enthusiastic about my burger and tots.
2 man team behind the counter tried to keep things moving along but with one grilling and one doing everything else kinda slowed things down when the orders were coming in strong.
Today there were 5 choices for burgers and I picked the least favorite if the day which was the Blue Burger.  It had onions, mushrooms, bleu cheese, and greens with a balsamic fig reduction.  
I got my burger and tots (Ore Ida out of the bag?) and went back to my desk after putting some ketchup on the tots.
The burger, although tasty, was lacking in something which I could not place.  The patty was a little small for the brioche bun it was on.  There were not enough onions but the mushrooms were outstanding!  The greens came out of bag salad and the reduction was weak with no fig flavor.
Overall, just eh.  Eh for the generic tots, too.
A much more outstanding burger with homemade ketchup and better ingredients can be had at the Lucky Old Souls truck.  If you see that truck, go there instead.
$8 total for the burger which came with the tots.Went to Blocktoberfest last weekend in Philadelphia and had lots of fun. The highlight of my time there was the Italian burger I had from Chewys. There were so many bold flavors in each bite and I couldn't stop thinking about it after the fact. Even though I had so much food all day and felt full, I wanted to give Chewys a try and I was so impressed. Their service was excellent, I was greeted with a smile, and the food was top notch. I will definitely look for you around Philly, Chewys!I had breakfast at Chewy's a couple of times and it was better than my lunch experience.  Both times I ordered the bacon, egg and cheese on a long roll and I tried the tater tots the one time too.  
I'm always a fan of tasty breakfast sandwiches and theirs is no different...although the first time around, I bit into an egg shell.
The tater tots were plentiful and tasty.  It's hard to find a truck that does fry tater tots so this sets Chewy's apart.
Service is super great, such nice guys.Four months. I hadn't filled my stomach with Chewy's goodness in over four months. Since my move to the DC area I often think of Chewy's and the friendly faces that operate that cute little orange truck. There are no food trucks near my new office, nor does any local eatery provide sustenance as tasty as Chewy's does. And so I miss Chewy's and regret that I am never able to stop by for a visit whenever I go back to Philadelphia, as I tend to get in later in the evening.
This time it's a different story; I'm staying in Philly for a whole week at least! Today (Monday) I headed to my former workplace to have lunch with my former colleagues and it was unanimously decided that we would hit up Chewy's.
As if I'd have it any other way.
I thought they were going to be in Love Park today, since I remembered them being there every Monday and Wednesday, but was happy to learn from their website that it was now a Wednesday thing only.
I hadn't been so excited about lunch in a really long time, and I already knew what I was going to order. Wait for it...
The Texan.
Fries.
The Cali B.L.T.
Apparently I lost some weight since I moved and I intend to gain it all back. Yougotaproblemwiththat? Because my stomach and taste buds sure as hell don't. So maybe I was a little ambitious with my order--I had someone finish the second half of my Cali B.L.T. but I think I could have managed; it's just that I showed her this huge chunk of creamy avocado and she took it over from there.
Man, the fries.
I can't get over how everything that Chewy's makes tastes so good. I really hate hearing people complain about how long the wait is because I know how meticulously each sandwich is crafted and how much care is put into everything that Charlie and Terence do. They're a great team, those two. Charlie claims the truck can't make it that far (literally--I asked them to relocate to DC), but I have no doubt that it will go far, way far in life. It seems to me that they're already soaring.
I hope to be able to see them again this upcoming Thursday night at the Night Market in Northern Liberties (http://nightmarketphilly.org/northernliberties.php). But if not, I know that our paths will cross again and that the guys will remember my name.
Thanks for everything, Chewy's!
PS: First-timer? Get the Amigo breakfast sandwich; it will blow your mind.I was lucky enough to try Chewy's at a catered event so I got to do a little extra menu sampling. 
I started with the pulled pork sandwich. It was made with apple slaw, Carolina BBQ sauce and had a side of fries. I was impressed at how much meticulous effort went into each sandwich. They weren't sitting in the back of the truck readymade. The meat was presumably cooked already but then the sandwich was assembled and the sauce was added. It took a little longer to get this food than most trucks I've been to, but I'll wait a little bit for my food if there's so much TLC behind the preparation. The sandwich was tasty, but I would have preferred if the meat and the sauce had spent some time marinating together. It was served on a hamburger bun. I would have preferred a nicer, more fun bun. 
The sandwiches came with sweet potato fries which were crisp and tasty. I think they were supposed to come with Cajun sauce but no one got any. 
What impressed me the most was the veggie burger! I was originally going to order that first, but was dissuaded by a few of the condiments. The onions were mixed in with mushrooms and I cannot stand mushrooms.  There was also a spicy mustard, which I also despise, and I wasn't in the mood to have a dry sandwich. I ordered the veggie patty without bun, without the onions & mushrooms, but then unfortunately forgot to say without the mustard. 
After doing some major mustard removal with a napkin, the veggie burger was almost ready to be eaten. A coworker dripped a little honey sriracha sauce from her wings onto my burger. Can I just say OMG! Ok, so this was an amazing eggplant patty topped with this amazing sweet and savory sauce. I wish Chewy's had more of an ability to do special orders because I would track this truck down for this combo and probably put this sauce on anything I ever order.
So in short, Chewy's puts excellent care and effort into their products and has an absolutely killer veggie burger & honey sriracha sauce.Well I'll start off by saying if he's selling the honey sririacha chicken, you have to try it! One of the best chicken dishes these mobile restaurants can offer. Also would highly recommend the pork sandwich.  To me though, the experience of eating off this truck is what puts it at the top. Charlie(aka chewy) is a great guy and makes your visit to his truck a great experience. Dude always has a smile on his face, and that is the X factor that some of these other miserable truckers lack.I stopped at this food truck while at Blocktoberfest over the weekend.  They had 2 sliders choices..I got the one with kimchi on it.  I thought it was delicious and it came with a side of tater tots.  The tots were nice and crispy and the burger was very flavorful.  The wait wasn't long at all and the food came out very quickly.  
I did however hear a lot of people grumbling about the price- 5 bucks for 1 slider and a side of tots, but I didn't think it was so bad.Addicted to their veggie burger, it's handmade with an eggplant based and cooked just right. Get it with the tots, super salty and addictive!Oh my god! The veggie burger is eggplant! Ahhhhh!
I finally decided to order today's lunch from Chewy's and I am not too proud to admit that I am 90% sure I will be having lunch from there tomorrow. Honestly, I'm kind of excited to go back with a work friend just so I can say I was the one to introduce her to the awesomeness.
I had the veggie style veggie burger and the onions and mushrooms were perfect. I can't wait to try the diablo veggie!As strange as this is to say about a burger food truck, the worst thing about Chewy's is the burgers. I'm sorry, I've had a few and they've left me unimpressed. That's not to say that they're bad by any stretch, but I've had better and I've had it close by. The flavor just doesn't really pop, and they seem to fall behind everything else they do, which makes up for it completely.
Chewy's makes up for it with everything else. Their fries are staggeringly good, and I am curious to try their truffle version (and I've heard good things about their tater tots, even if I haven't tried them yet) They also have assisted me with a guilty pleasure by being the only food truck I have even seen to do chicken and waffles, and they do them oh so well. The waffle is crispy and sweet, the chicken is well brined beforehand, so it's salty and juicy with a coating filled with spices. The syrup that goes over the top works well with both. They also do BLT's now, and I think that (along with the fries) is next on my list.I wanted to love Chewy's.   I really dig the concept, the location (directly across from my office) and the tots.     I went full of youthful optimism and came back with some divine tots and a veggie burger (greek style with feta and yogurt sauce)  that was stone cold.  Not cooked and then got cold, just not cooked. 
They don't make veggie patties in "ultra rare" so I was disappointed to say the least.   I'll be back, but just for the tots.This morning was rough, we'll leave it at: I got 4 hours of sleep last night and needed the worlds largest coffee to get me through a pile of painful paperwork. 24 ounces of coffee later and I was a bouncing wreck, that amount of coffee should be illegal and anyone with better judgement would have limited themselves to a respectable 16 ounces....maaaybe 20 at most. As effective as that liquid crack was in turning out all of the work that needed doing, I managed to completely lose track of time and missed the golden opportunity to get breakfast from Chewy's. They're only at Love Park once a week and here I am once again screwing up the chance to grab breakfast from the bright orange truck. I glanced over at their business card remembering that they take orders by text message and hoped with bated breath that Charlie would be kind enough to allow me to order breakfast for lunch. 
Text Message Received Mere Moments Later: "For you yes, we are at love park today".
Zing! A text message order was placed shortly after and I was given the thumbs up with a 5 minute wait time...just enough to get over to the truck from my then location. Seriously, texting orders? Smarty-pants guys you two are. 
Onto my "Apples to Apples BLT" and Tots: I love bacon, well really who doesn't? But paired with fresh matchstick slices of granny smith apple, a boatload of lettuce, a cider mayo, and tomatoes was a perfect lunch, I can only hope that because of our special bond I'll be allowed to order this again as a lunch because it was too big for me to eat for breakfast. My only qualm would be that the tomatoes weren't of the greatest quality, but it's not exactly tomato season so I can let it go. As for the tots? Well, just read the rest of the reviews, I'm not sure that there is anything super special about the regular salt and pepper tots except that they're tots and tots trump fries.
Thank you a million times over for allowing me to order the BLT I had been jonesing for from the moment I woke up but almost missed out on. And thanks for that order of tots piled so high that I guiltily and admittedly had to throw away some uneaten...I know, I know, maybe I should have shared, I promise to be better next time. Thank you for allowing text message orders so on colder days your patrons do not have to do a shiver dance in the arctic while waiting for orders to be prepared. Well heck just thank you for being you, I'll be back.Selecting Chewy's to cater my husband's birthday party was the best idea I ever had! I was a little nervous about working with someone I found from a Google search, but Charlie was very responsive and made me feel like I was in good hands. On party day the crew was very accommodating and service went quickly and with no snags. The food...oh my goodness! Just yummy. We were getting calls and texts the next day begging for more brisket. It's just that good. Charlie also whipped up some homemade apple pies and peach cobbler for dessert - the perfect ending to a delicious meal. My number one goal for 2019? Find a reason to throw another party so I can have Chewy's cater again.We hired Chewy's for a company event last month. These guys are awesome! The food was on point and the staff was super fun. Would definitely have them out again!Another awesome burger!  Diablo this time.  This burger sounds mean but and spicey but there is just enough heat to add that unique flavor.  This guys know how to tease your taste buds.  Next up the Blue Burger.The best of the best!! Charlie and his crew are by far the best in the business! We hired them to cater a party of 80 and the food was made fresh from scratch and heavenly delicious! Everyone raved about the food but the best part for me was the incredible service! Charlie is a dream to work with! 
Everything I've tasted is perfection! Shrimp roll is probably my favorite, but the burger and brisket and pulled pork could easily stand up to any one in the city! 
Catch him in Love park, or at the night market, but whatever you do, don't mis out!! If you're interested in catering, definitely check them out!We had Chewy's Food Truck for a graduation party last weekend and they completely exceeded our expectations. The food was excellent and had something for everyone. The staff was friendly and personable. Would definitely use them in the future and recommend them to everyone.This truck ROCKS!  I am not a fan of tater tots but I couldn't help but be lured in by the Buffalo Tots...cause man I love some wings....I am so glad I ventured out of my comfort zone.  They were super crunch tastic!  and the sauce...well let's just say I will have wet dream about that stuff.  My friends all got various versions of their slider specials and they were all smilin when I left them at lunch today'.  The sliders are the biggest sliders I have ever seen.  The 2 slider and fries special for $7 bucks is a steal.Chewy's Food truck is amazing!!!!  I used them for a party I hosted at our home and our guests loved them!
On time, incredible service and they stole the show with their delicious food.
I highly recommend Chewy's Food truck for any event!  FIVE STARS!Chewy's is utter deliciousness. 
Yesterday was their opening day.  I stopped by, primarily because there is some serious lacking of quality lunch trucks in the area and I was craving something delicious.  
I stopped out front and took a look at their lunch menu.  They have several different kinds of gourmet burgers and sides.  Their French Fries are homemade and garnished with a sprinkling of sea salt. Their Buffalo Tots are served with bacon, ranch dressing, cheesewiz and buffalo.  
After the burger I had yesterday, I decided to go back today and have it again.  I ordered the Kimchi burger which is awesome! The burger is seasoned and grilled to your liking.  It comes topped with kimchi, sesame oil, cheddar cheese and a spicy korean peppery spread.  The burger is delicious.  
I will be back to Chewy's many, many times.  
The other big allure, other than the delicious food and reasonable prices, is the passion and dedication that is seen in the gentlemen that work the truck.  They aren't playing around, to them this is a pride and passion.  They take lunch truck food to the next level.  
Good Luck Chewy's...I wish you continued success!Here's a step by step guide to having the best possible Chewy's experience. 
Step #1: Order the honey Sriracha wings with regular fries.
Step #2: Go to a secluded place where you can eat wings and make a mess with no one watching.
Step #3: Eat the wings first while they are nice and hot. Be sure to roll each one around in the sauce to make sure they are fully saturated. 
Step #4: Keep the bones on a separate plate.
Step #5: Spread the French fries throughout the dish in order to fully soak them in the rest of the honey Sriracha sauce.
Step #6: Let soak for however long you can manage to let them soak for without devouring them.
Step #7: Enjoy your fully sauce-infused fries.
Step #8: Pout a little that there's no more left. 
Step #9: Don't feel guilty that your lunch was made up entirely of fried foods (and a pickle). If you are going to indulge in a fried lunch, this is totally the way to go. 
Step #10: Look-up the truck's future stops and then repeat step #1-#9. 
Step #11: Listen to your fellow-Yelpers. Get those wings!These guys are AWESOME, we had them come to sell food at my companies annual car meet and everyone was raving about the food.I can not rave more about chewys the are absolutely AMAZING! They were a big hit at my wedding last night! hors d'oeuvres  to dinner! the food was delish i wish i ate more but being the bride it was hard. the fried mac and cheese balls omg if i could have them now! charlie went above and beyond for us! if tounare looking for a food truck to rent he is ur guy.. i would do 10 stars if i couldMy boyfriend and I decided to get some wings here after we saw some other people eating them at the manayunk food trucks. I don't remember the line being terribly long and I honestly didn't even look at anything else on the menu. But the wings were great! They were honey siracha, and I could probably dip anything in the sauce and it still be fantastic. Also they gave us a side of pickles. And I'm a sucker for pickles.I had the pleasure of tasting the food from this food truck on several occasions and it never disappoints.  The shrimp tacos are so fresh and tasty. Never a complaint from the hundreds of people at the parties.  If you want quick service and delicious food. Chewy's is for you.As soon as I reached out to Chewy's for my wedding I knew they were a match. Charlie was so easy to communicate with & they really made that portion of my wedding so simple. They were so friendly & really matched the theme of the day & all anyone kept raving about was how good the food was. I HIGHLY recommend!