If you're looking for chicken you found the place my G. The fries are Ight but the chicken is just wooooooooooow. Like I thought Popeyes was good I was wrong my B. Chicken for daysI ordered the Mango Yakult drink and my friends got the Grey Tea, popcorn chicken, and sweet potato fries. 
I really enjoyed the drinks and the popcorn chicken is really good! It's a must try!!! I tried the sweet potato but I didn't love it, but my friend is because she prefers sweet potato instead of regular potato in which I am the opposite. 
I would recommend this place to anyone around the area!Tried Crispy Chicken Cutlet Bento for lunch.  It was just so-so. Their simple snack menu seemed good, but needs some refinements to be a meal. 
Chicken cutlet did not come with any sauce. Chipotle Mayo on the side can be nice addition.  
Cabbage and broccoli were not refreshing and was under seasoned.  It would've been better it came with salad or pickled veggies.
Rice came with some sauce on top of it, which was the only interesting point from my lunch. 
I probably to come back to try their fried squid (as a snack), if they allow me to bring a beer or two.Walking around China Town and trying to find a midnight snack, we stumbled upon this cute little establishment. What caught our attention was the name of this restaurant and decided to make the trip in. 
The inside is small and there is a cute post it wall you can write on. 
We decided to get the Taiwanese popcorn chicken and the crazy whole squid. It took about ten to fifteen minutes for it to be ready. Portions were pretty big and I will warn you that the squid is GINORMOUS. The batter on the chicken was not too thick and was piping hot when we got it. 
Overall, it was a tasty midnight snack!Great fast casual addition to the chinatown food scene. Think Taiwanese street food. We had the Chicken cutlet, bbq cutlet bento, and pop corn chicken. Cutlet was good but the popcorn chicken was the star here. They use dark meat so it's perfectly juicy and succulent.  Rice (with bean gravy?) was excellent with the chicken, along with the hardboiled egg, broccoli, and corn.  An added plus, it's BYOB and pairs wonderfully with your favorite craft beer. Only issue, there's no take out beer store in ctown. Someone please get on thatThis place have some decent fried food. When it first open the bento box was a little more fuller. The egg was a whole egg and  whole sausage. However I the second time I went there, they cut the egg and sausage in half. The rice was also ridiculously little. Like what the other reviews said, rice is cheap so please give a little more. I like the taste, but it's expensive compare to cheers cut. The squid bento box in cheers cut is only 8plus tax, here it's 10 plus tax. Overall I would be back when I'm in the mood for some fried stuff. 
P.S. don't get the lady or guy milk tea. Not a good choiceThis place is great and reminds me of Taipei. Recommend the popcorn chicken and chicken cutlet. Five stars.Came here after getting word from friends that it was one of the recent Taiwanese eats to pop up in Chinatown. Inside seating makes it perfect for meeting up with groups of friends. Bought a serving of the popcorn chicken and pork ribs since I didn't know how big the portions would be (pictures on menu can only tell you so much). Was pleasantly surprised how appropriately sized the portions were considering the reasonable price. I would say the chicken was pretty decent, well flavored, and not too oily in particular. Probably one of the better ones I've had for a joint in the U.S. However, I've never actually been to Taiwan to have the real thing either so that only counts for so much. Pork ribs were probably my favorite. Though I wish there were more that came with the order, the taste was better than I expected. Wonderfully marinated, tender meat, and all around, a great munchable for sure. Will have to try other things on the menu before making a more thorough assessment but for now, I'll say that this is a place worth checking out for those who've never been here before!I ordered the lady milk tea. It's a small body shape bottle of milk tea. I don't want to describe how bad the taste is and its 4 dollars. My friend ordered oolong milk tea. I saw the waitress just opened a bottle of lady milk tea and poured into the cup. It became a cup of oolong milk tea. I can't trust the restaurant like this. Don't want to go there anymore.Wow! Walked in here just to get a menu, ended up ordering the popcorn chicken and oolong milk tea aka muscle tea. The chicken is incredibly moist, succulent, and juicy. They don't skimp you on the order either! The batter is nice and light and the seasoning is simple. I loved it. Probably the best popcorn chicken I've ever had. Their oolong milk tea was pretty good too. The tea had a floral taste and it was creamy with just enough sweetness. The manager told me they're from the same owners of Vivi bubble tea so no disappointment there. Definitely looking forward to coming back to try the rest of their menu like their ramen.The squid was pretty great, everything else was good can't complain. The price is also pretty nice. The man and woman milk teas are pretty odd we skipped those. I do wish they offered Taiwanese soups as well.Saw that this place was a new place with few reviews so I checked it out. I ended up ordering 3 Bento boxes. The squid, workshop, and the popcorn chicken.This food is decently priced. Portions are small. Amount of food you were receiving was very deceitful since you are not getting what they have on display in their glass showcase outside.  Out of everything ordered, the popcorn chicken Bento was probably the best choice, although it's not the best I've had. The Taiwanese porkchop was sliced so thin and it looked almost fried. The crazy fried squid was decent but it looked no where like their picture either.
Overall, they gave you half an egg per a Bento. Rice portions weren't that much. I actually left disappointingly hungry.cozy place, quick service, delicious taiwanese snack food. popcorn chicken is super tasty at $5I choose different milk tea but they just use same one and pour into another cup...can't belive ......This one star review was in my draft for five months and I totally forgot about it and now the restaurant is closed. RIPchicken is super crispy and not oily at all! Seasoning is also great! Although their ramen is not yet available...hope it will be available soon and not disappoint!I had Thai style chicken cutlet in BBQ crispy chicken cutlet bento!! The Thai style chicken is a hidden gem in this restaurant definitely my suggestion. The price is same with BBQ crispy chicken bento, just ask the cashier to changeYum. This is a bit off the main strip off 10th street so it's not as busy as some other places. When I swung by on a Sunday afternoon around 3pm, there was only 1 other table taken. 
I ordered the fried chicken bento. The chicken was done pretty well and chopped up for you in the plastic bento container. Some of the pieces were pretty thick and while it's good to get more chicken, it was super hot and a bit difficult to eat w/o cutting it. There was one bite where the batter wasn't fully cooked.
The minced meat rice was pretty yum. The sauce had a good amount of ground beef and flavor. Also included in the bento is a scoop of corn, nothing special about that, and some pre cooked old flavored cabbage. That was not good at all.I was really glad to see this Taiwanese restaurant open in Chinatown! I shared a jumbo squid with my friend and I had also ordered my own chicken bento box. In terms of service, they took a while to get the food ready even though my friends and I were the only ones in the restaurant at the time. In terms of the food, I thought that the fried coating had a very superficial taste that didn't quite penetrate into the meat and I was left rather unimpressed.First impressions: This place is pretty good, it's worth the try.
We got here at around 5:45 ish? There was only one person in there, maybe a few people getting pick up. The interior was great, and they have a drink with a bottle of a "muscular man" called muscle milk. Interesting. 
The Ordering: We ordered obviously, the popcorn chicken, what they're known for. 2 orders (each $5) and two sauces (I think they were 25 cents or 50 cents each, don't remember) . The price was okay for the amount of chicken they gave us. The worker seemed kind of bored and looked a little bit like he was doing us a favor. He was kind of unhappy.
The time + The Looks: We waited a little bit and got our chicken fresh, piping hot. It came in one of those red and white cartons. The chicken was in a bag with two skewer sticks. But the sauce. The sauce. It was a solo cup with only a thin layer of sauce at the bottom. Seriously? That's not enough!! 
The taste: The chicken was delicous! I've had Taiwanese popcorn chicken before and this was the best I've had! The coating isn't too much and the batter has a hint of sweetness at the end. It 
was really tasty and I would really get it again. Be careful tho, it was piping hot. The sauce was good, the honey mustard was your typical honey mustard. We got the sriracha sauce which I didn't try. If you want, ask the guy for more, he'll give you more. 
Overall: I would come here again! The atmosphere of the place was lovely and the food was very good. They have other menu options too, bento boxes and other snacks + drinks. 
And btw, the wifi is chi ken lovers and the password is their phone number, just get one of the fliers on the counter, the number is on thereI've got the Pop Corn Chicken Bento and it was quite good. The chicken was very crispy, and the portions are very big, I can have my lef over for diner. The price is affordable, I will come backWhere's my Jumbo Squid ??? That was my initial thought when I saw my order. I ordered the Jumbo Squid Bento Combo and it did not look like the advertisement at all. I asked the cashier what was good and what she recommended. She recommended the BBQ chicken or the squid bento box. I felt like I played myself. (+_+). Next time, I will eat before because there was a fair amount of food but I felt I still needed to eat more.
Overall, the food taste well but could have been cooked warmer. The squid was oddly burnt so I was not sure what happened in the kitchen.It wasn't as good as cheers cut (two blocks away). Drinks were too sweet, I got the milk tea in a naked lady bottle. The chicken was slightly burnt, with too much breading. Prices in my opinion are also a little too high.Amazing Good Yummy I'll definitely come back again! Definitely try the milk tea boy and milk tea girl lolChi Ken is a Taiwanese restaurant that serves fried chicken, squid, pork chops, and minced meat in snack-sized and meal-sized portions. 
My friend and I decided to try the popcorn chicken bento and pork chop bento. Both the chicken and pork chop were flavorful and tender. The bento included a stewed egg, corn, and stir fried cabbage and broccoli. At $7 and $8.50 respectfully, the bento boxes were a good deal. 
We also tried the oolong milk tea and earl grey milk tea. While both were good, the oolong was definitely better.
If you're looking for something crispy, deep fried, and savory to eat, Chi Ken is an excellent option. The food isn't mind blowing, but the price is right.I've only come here once and won't be returning since the food was good but I'm find of fried chicken. 
The fried chicken and calamari there was delicious. They were perfectly salted and there is a definite crunch with every bite.
The ramen left a lot of be desired. The noodles were too soft and tasted like the fresh yellow egg noodle packets you buy at Asian grocery stores. The soup lacked depth the of flavor that nearby ramen restaurants have. 
The service was okay, nothing abnormal. They do have really cool milk tea muscle anatomy containers (look at my picture). The tea was brewed well but also very milky.The food was great. I got popcorn chicken and chicken cutlet. The crispiness of the chicken was something i would definitely come back for. For the most part, the staff was also really sweet and offered genuine services. However, DONT GIVE CREDIT CARD TIPS everyone! Those credit card tips DOES NOT go to the staffs.This place is terrible. Horrible service. Awful music. Disgusting raw food. Save yourself the hazzle.Popcorn chicken is very good and I recommend it. BBQ chicken not worth it. Bento is ok but I would probably just end up getting popcorn chicken again next time.We had lunch today with the ramen fried squid combo and ramen fried chicken combo.  After a long wait (10 mins between the two combos), both the fried chicken and the squid are lukewarm at the best; the ramen is like instant noddles.  Definitely won't go again.This is a good place for to go, especially that bento box. We have Popcorn Chicken Bento Box, since they didn't have ramen at the time we came (1:30pm). Popcorn chicken was fine, not too salty. If you want to go, just ask for the lid and it snapped right in the bento box. It was quite full for 1 person. 
Definitely back for the ramen and squids soon!While wandering through Philly Chinatown, I was drawn to this restaurant by its cute name and eye catching logo, as well as its low prices. The menu is very simple, offering snack items such as popcorn chicken and fried squid. For those that are more hungry, they offer bento boxes featuring their snack items with sides of rice topped with ground meat, veggies, and egg. There were also ramen dishes to select from, as well as bento/ramen combinations. Most of these meal options will fill you up after spending less than $10. Although the taste of the food was not memorable, it was a nice, almost fast-food/cafe style place that offered a hipper and cleaner environment than your typical Chinatown restaurant. It is also a good option if you want a quieter place to eat, since this place is generally not too overcrowded with diners.Been here a couple times, food is good. I really like Taiwanese food. The bento boxes are worth it. Reasonable price for reasonable portion. Staff is rude.Good. Very delicious and the food is great. The atmosphere in restaurant is great. Popcorn is the most favorite food and it taste great!would have to go again. Very nice customer service. did not hesitate to help me and my friend out with orderingMy chicken with ramen was outstanding and left me totally stuffed. My friend got the Thai chicken (excellent!) and the squid (a little tough, but still tasty) and would also give this place 4 stars. We agreed there is not enough traffic in here for how good the food is. Cool vibe inside. Clean.I'm so happy there is finally Taiwanese fried chicken that I tried Cheers Cut and Chi Ken both in one day! 
I definitely preferred the taste of Chi Ken and its Bento box plating. The ground pork over the rice is delicious. The service was fairly quick. I wanted the ramen but they didn't have that yet. It seems like a couple of other menu items are not ready either. I do wish they could be a little more generous with the tasty side vegetables though. Can't wait to be back!Didn't know what to have for dinner so my friend and I decided to just have something close and opened late. We found Chi Ken on yelp and proceeded to walk there. It's only a 7 minute walk from our hotel Best Western Plus, so that's a plus. 
Walked inside, and there was only a table seated so we were able to seat ourselves. We weren't sure if you go up and order or they come to us; so we sat down at first, but after nobody moved, we went to the counter and ordered. I got the popcorn chicken bento (7$) & the oolong milk tea (3.50$). I read reviews saying the food may take a while to come out but ours came out real quick. Less than 10 minutes. 
The food itself wasn't the best, but it wasn't bad either, definitely not for the price. Chicken wasn't flavorful but it was nixe and crispy. The sausage didn't have flavor either. The best part was probably the pork on top of the rice. The tea was good though. Definitely worth every penny of my 3.50$. Customer service was not bad too. Didn't say much but he wasn't rude so that's all good.I've had the spicy chicken and garlic one too. It's pretty good but the wait times are ridiculous because they have one person in the front and back. The passion fruit fizzy drink was good but mildly warm each of the two times I got it. Would I get it again, probably not. For the amount of money spent I'd rather eat at bon chonWe were there around 4p and had popcorn chicken and jumbo squid to go. Perfect snacks for 3 ppl. They were so delicious. Absolutely love the food and the place. It's not a fine dinning place, but a cute, super causal hangout eatery. Will definitely revisitBento boxes are great, BBQ is a little tasteless, no ramen in stock yet. Nice ambiance with Korean music. Check out the muscle and lady milk teas for their containers. Good portion sizes.The prices here are fair for the amount they give you. For $7-$9 you can get an entire meal -- popcorn chicken, rice, and several sides. 
It's cheaper to get a meal ($7-$9) than just an order of popcorn chicken ($5) because the serving of chicken is the same, the meal just has all the extra rice etc. 
The quality is pretty good, it's all fried snacks and some drinks. Can't really go wrong with that 
If you like dipping your fried snacks, be ready to pay for it. Ketchup packets are free but any other sauces like honey mustard or Thai chili sauce are $0.25 and they give you a very tiny container of it. 
Very spacious inside. The atmosphere is casual and clean. You order/pay at the register and have the option of dining there or taking it to go. 
Fast and easy meal option that's on the cheaper side.For those of you who are unfamiliar, Taiwanese Popcorn chicken is a special style of chicken that you eat from a bag with wooden skewers, street-food style. It's a special craving in and of itself. At Chi Ken, it costs $5 for a bag of popcorn chicken, and there are 3 flavors available (original, garlic, and curry). Fair warning, not much difference between the original and garlic flavors. They also offer chicken cutlets, fried squid, and bento boxes if you're looking for more than a snack.
However, there were some serious RED FLAGS:
1. Worst offense: They offer a 5% discount for a 5-Star rating on Yelp. I can't respect a place that tries to buy ratings like that - that is invalidating the entire purpose of Yelp.
2. They refuse to give you a cup of water - you can either opt to purchase a drink or pay $1 for a measly cup of water. Excuse my French, but that's bullshit. Offering your customers water is a common courtesy, and charging $1 for a measly cup is ridiculous. I understand trying to make money but this is so obviously taking advantage of customers.
3. Staff is RUDE AF. Especially re: water situation. When I asked for water, the waiter said "ONE DOLLAR. NO PAY, NO WATER." then promptly turned around and walked into the kitchen. Kthxbye. Not going to pay for your creepy naked man/woman-shaped bottles of cryptic fluid. Need proof? Scroll down and look for Mandy W's 1-star review and the owner's horrible response, accusing Mandy of making things up.
The only reason I'm not rating this place a 1/5 is because their popcorn chicken is really quite 
good. But the red flags I've mentioned are INEXCUSABLE. Despite my cravings, I refuse to give my business to such a stingy, petty establishment that clearly does not value their customers. I will not be returning and DO NOT recommend this place.I wanted to give this a place a try for awhile now. Their choice of putting the plates on display outside the restaurant was a smart one. The giant fried squid looks especially appetizing. Upon entering the store however, you feel less inspired. I went there during the day time and maybe the lighting wasn't appropriately lit, but it feels dark and kind of sad. There wasn't a lot of customers or music or workers or anything really. 
The place is set up like a bubble tea joint. I thought it was a restaurant but it's more fast food, pay first, get order and sit down. We ordered fried chicken bento and braised pork on rice. The waitress didn't really know her menu so we decided to stick with the basics. The food itself wasn't bad, although nothing spectacular. The braised pork on rice was good and decent for the price. The fried chicken however, was much smaller than what's displayed outside. The chicken was a bit undercook as well. Note that any sauce to go with your meal will cost an extra .25 cents. While it's a small deal, I'd prefer them to add this cost to the actual meal. It's like paying for ketchup when you buy fries, it's really unnecessary.
Overall, the food is ok, had this been anywhere else, I would've given a higher score. In Chinatown however, the competition is strong and Chi Ken is simply not up to par. There are just so many good places around, I can't recommend going here especially. If you are curious or happen to park nearby, maybe come in for a small snack but save your stomach for better eateries elsewhere.Deff a good spot if you're really starving and want to eat something tasty. Not too many healthy options, but like it's fried chicken what do you expect. The food is pretty banging though. Deff a solid spot.It was the end of the night and I was ready to go home.
My cousin made one last stop to this chi ken place andThe popcorn chicken is a must-try! It is super delicious with flavors that tickle your tastebuds. That was the first thing I tried from the place and it has me wanting more. At first I never really notice the place even though I am often in chinatown, but after a friend let me try its chicken, I went straight on yelp for its location hahahaha.Amazing crispy chicken and huge squid. Possibly the best fried chicken place in Chinatown. High recommend for people to try it out. Bento boxes are super cheap.This a new place in Chinatown. Portions are generous, food is fresh, place is clean and cute, free wifi, fair prices. Just one aspect: Service could be better. I told the cashier that it was my first time and she didn't really knew what to suggest. Also, she forgot to mention that people usually purchase sauce to accompany the food. These little details are important because it affects the experience and the food flavor, specially if the restaurant is trying to bring new customer who aren't familiar with Taiwanese food. I tried the Popcorn chicken Bento, and I bought the Thai sauce. It was good, you should try it.Brand new place right in Chinatown bringing attention to Taiwanese fried foods. 
Right off the bat, this place is so CHEAP. Quick snack, cheap eats, fast food prep, and cute theme. 
Reading through the past reviews does disappoint me that yelpers had such bad experiences here but there isn't much for me to complain about. The popcorn chicken was quite delicious, a perfect crisp combined with the perfect moist. I got the honey mustard and BBQ sauce to go with the chicken (although it's weird, they charge you extra for sauce and they put it in a big container with only a little tiny dab of sauce). Both sauces were delicious, I personally liked the honey mustard better. 
I got both the waffle fries and sweet potato fries, the waffle fries didn't have much actual potato in it. The sweet potatoes fries were delightful and much better tasting. 
Overall, it was good food! And I also love their sticky note wall, super cute.First of all this place was very nicely decorated but the food wasn't worth all the hype. I ordered the popcorn chicken and it wasn't something amazingly good. It was kinda pricey for such a small amount and there was more fried flour than actual fried popcorn chicken. I guess this place is pretty good for the ascetic looks but other than that the food was not good and the customer service is worse. The cashier girl took a very long time to take my order and she only had one customer and she was giving me an attitude the whole time while I was trying to order. I don't think this place is the best for the food or customer service, but this place is good for Instagram photos.The Taiwanese popcorn chicken is pretty good. I'm not Taiwanese, but I know what it's supposed to taste like, and they do a fairly good job. The bento boxes (other than the chicken) was somewhat lacking. The meager quantity of veggies and rice is pretty sad. Like let's be serious..  white rice is like the cheapest thing on earth, you can afford to give me more than a spoonful.
leaving hungry is never ok.Amazing place! The fish bento is so good and the place is nicely decorated. I just like this restaurant. The milk tea is good. Popcorn chicken is good.After trying another Taiwanese fried chicken place in town, I have to say this is the better one that actually has the right flavor with the five spice powder and everything, reminding me of street food in Taiwan. :) 
I gotta say though, the discount they offer for a 5-star rating on Yelp makes me shake my head. Nobody Elite is gonna do that if they don't deserve it haha. I'm also docking a star because when I asked for water, one member of staff was willing to give it to me for free while the other staff member awkwardly tried to dissuade her from doing it right in front of me..I see you...This newly established Taiwanese fried chicken place was, IMO, a tad better than the other one that opened up in Chinatown. The quality of fairly similar between the the two, but you can't beat the price and amount you get here compared to the other one.
I've been here twice and I must say I thoroughly enjoy their popcorn chicken combo boxes. The drinks aren't anything too impressive, but the food compensates for it! They also charge for even normal tap water which is absurd IMO.
Another downside was that they were superrrr slow getting or order made. Literally waited for over 30 minutes for like 7 orders to go. Hopefully they speed up as they get into the rhythm of things, but if they don't by the next visit then I'll have to dock a star.I'm loving this place. I've ordered several of their popcorn chicken flavored already and it is so good. Crispy but still juicy. They serve chunks of fried chicken in a sizable portion. I'm definitely going to frequent this place whenever I get the chance because I'm definitely a fan of the popcorn chicken. The pricing is pretty inexpensive for what they're serving. I'm definitely coming back to try some other things off their menu.I decided to drop by because of the enticing fried squid on the window display and the yelp reviews were positive. 
Shame on those of you who rated this place 5 stars for 5% off your tab (they have a sign that offers 5% off if you rate them 5 stars on yelp). Shame on you!
This is a review for just the fried squid and bubble tea. The batter itself didn't taste bad but the oil tasted like it hasn't been changed in a while. The squid also wasn't entirely covered with batter in fact the batter fell off quite easily which was disappointing because you end up eating the batter and squid separately. For 8 dollars, I was expecting more. We got the oolong bubble tea and it was prettt good but given the 73728 bubble tea shops in Chinatown, it's not worth stopping by. 
The restaurant was empty when I visited on a weekday afternoon. The music was next to the cash register and the cashier spoke so softly that you had to guess what he was saying.Another Taiwanese fried food. Why not try it right ? My first thought ? It's a big place compared to the other one. They accept cards (min of $10 purchase). The menu is different. They actually have Ramen! When I went here I went for the Squid on a stick. I will be honest, the squid was a little chewy. The breading was not consistent, some parts of the squid doesn't have breading at all, the breading has little to no taste but definitely crispy. You have to pay for sauce, why ? I think you should at least give one free sauce per order, the grapefruit yakult was pricey in my opinion. I don't know, I'm on the fence on this one. I'll try the ramen next time and see if I can update this review. Anyway for Boku no Hero Academia fans, they actually have a good sketch of Midoriya here that you might enjoyThis place is closed.  Out of business.  Not there any more.  Don't waste your time.  It is not "Open" as Yelp and their website says.Super good chicken with very crispy fried combos! I highly recommend this restaurant for those who LOVE fried chicken but wanna still stay lean and healthyThey finally serve ramen here so I came to check it out a couple weeks ago. I ordered the ramen with bbq chicken combo. By the time our food came out, my bbq chicken was cold and it wasn't that crispy, which was disappointing. The ramen was okay, nothing too special to rave about tbh. I wish they served it with soft boiled egg. One where the egg yolk oozes out, but they served it with hard boiled egg. 
I will come back again to order their popcorn chicken. It was really good besides the fact that it was served cold. Again. This place has a lot of potential, just needs a little tweaking. The service was lovely btw :)Been here twice so far, and have been happy with the popcorn chicken both times.  I've compared and contrasted the garlic flavoring versus the original, and honestly couldn't discern much of a difference.  I have yet to try the boxes or anything else, but for a quick snack or something to eat while driving, it's a good & cheap option.  Service can take a little while since they're frying to order though, so be prepared to wait especially if others have ordered before you.Biggest fried jumbo squid I've seen!!! Definitely get it when you are in Chinatown! It's kind funny that you can find people posting "looking for girlfriend on their board" lol definitely come in and give a five star review! Open late till 1 amI don't know what all the rave about on Yelp, but Chi-ken is mediocre at best. Looking through Grubhub and found Chi-ken, I'm in my adventurest bag so I got Ramen(Spicy shrimp base) with popcorn chicken combo, Oolong milk tea and Taiwanese sausage. 
Let's start with the ramen. I like everything about the ramen, from the broth to the vegetables. Only thing negative is, it was suppose to be spicy, but all I taste was a mild spice. And the famous popcorn chicken, one word: MEH. Some part was hard, some part was soggy, and it was luckwarm, this combination just didn't go together. 
Taiwanese sausage were overpriced. I order 2 orders priced at $2.50 each. All I got was 2 sticks of little sausage. I thought Vivi's was on the higher end, but Chi-ken is definitely on the highest end. 
I did enjoy the Oolong milk tea. It is not overly sweet, is just right. Overall experience is just ok.