I don't miss much about Philly.  I miss Henry and Jean almost as much as anything.  This is a place that doesn't dole out numbers, instead takes your name, and will remember that name after you have been there a few times.  I always felt like family when I was there.  Conversation in this place was always group, and genuine.  The best people serving the best food.
Did I mention how great the food is?  I think most everyone else has.  This should be a model business for everyone .I wish I would give you 6 stars! I have been making excuses to come here from all over for years, and I will continue to say, this is, without a doubt, THE BEST HOAGIE in the city. Others are good, and I have tried most, but no one comes close to Chickie's. This is about the only time I have ever ordered a veggie anything, and dammit, I would do it again, and again, and again, and....you get the point. Meatballs=5 stars, Veggie=5 stars, every other item on their menu, 5 stars, and top it off with the mozzarella twists....I am in love.Chickie's is a neighborhood deli with a fantastic staff, and even better food. They remember your name and leave you satisfied. Subs, salads, pasta, everything.Chickie's does hoagies well.  The veggie hoagie is one of the best I have even eaten.  When I crave a really great hoagie this is the only destination.I've more than my fair share of hoagies, and Chickies is going to my new go-to spot.  I couldn't be happier, especially with football season approaching.
I stopped in on a Saturday after a friend of my recommended it.  Once I walked in, I knew it was going to live up to expectations.  Right inside the door the wall is plastered with awards and write ups.  The menu has a nice selection, and after some debate, I ordered "Chickie Special", which is similar to an Italian, but with prosciutto and roasted peppers.  They didn't skimp on any ingredients and its a big sandwich for about $9-10.  It was definitely worth it, the sandwich was great!  I'm looking forward to my next visit to try the Veggie.These were some of the most amazing Hoagies I have ever eaten!  I ordered the Chickie's Special that has proscuitto, capicolla, sopresetta, onions, tomato, lettuce, roasted red peppers, sharp provolone and olive oil.  To top it off, they use Sarcones bread .  
   The sleeper sandwich is the Veggie Hoagie,  Eggplant, Rabe, Roasted peppers and sharp provolone.  And the Fried Tomatoes Special with Bacon, turkey provolone peppers and Mayo...Wow!!!  Yes I took it home and my non Hoagie eating 
wife said Wow!
The small is 6 inch and the Large is 10 inch.  How can you get a small?
Yo Adrienne!Update: They are closed!!!!! That's a tragedy.
I am a meat lover. I barely eat veggies. Chickie's Veggie Hoagie is one of my favorite sandwiches of all time. You cannot park closer than a half mile from it-so prepare to walk... better yet, run.Love their hoagies.
The Tuna special is my favorite.
I tried some other sandwiches and all were great.
The bread is very fresh, the long hots on the side are a nice touch.
One of my favorite places for lunch in south Philly.I'm a woman of many hankerings, obviously. I begin almost every review with, "So I had a hankerin," after all. I'm also always talking about hoagies. Studies show that I'm roughly 78.3% hoagie at this point. I'm drawn to Italian delis. Because I love them. Chickie's is a really great Italian deli. Excellent.
I love all manner of their good sandwiches on Sarcone's bread. The Italian is one of my favorite hoagies, I assure you. And another thing, Chickie's veggie hoagie is completely one of my #1 hankerings. Eggplant and peppers, rabe and sharp provolone, I love...on bread that I love...I love it. It might be my favorite sandwich from this joint. This is important to note, as we already discussed my Italian hoagie loyalties generally lie with the amazing things that Italian people are able to do with pork.I'm giving them 4 stars just to make sure it gets posted by Yelp! I would give them 10 if I could. Best Hoagie's, Hot Sandwiches, and Antipasto anywhere in the city. The Italian is the best. Try their baked veggies and cheeses and meats too!just finished a chickies special hoagie. this  was my first time going and have to say i was very impressed. friendly staff and for the only thing i had, I would recommend it. was really good.Great Hoagie and worth the trip.  Nothing fancy just a proper hoagie.  Primo's has nothing on them.  Chickie is a nice guy and was very outgoing and friendly and even took the time to shoot the breeze with me outside.  As a bartender I have people ask me all the time where the best food is and when I talk hoagies Chickie's is alway at the top of the list.  I recommend adding fresh mozzarella and long hots to your Italian hoagie when you go because it is the bomb. Trust me. You are welcome in advance.This was one of the best sandwiches I ever ate!  I ordered the Chickies Special which has proscuitto, capicolla, sopresetta, onions, tomato, lettuce, roasted red peppers, sharp provolone and olive oil.  To top it off, they use Sarcones bread (The best bread in the WORLD!).  My total was a little under $9 bucks.  The staff was friendly and they have a few little tables outside to sit and eat at.  
This sandwich was perfect!  The roasted red peppers and the provolone were amazing.  They use a chunk provolone and it was kind of crumbled throughout the whole sandwich.  It was great!  Everything blended together and it was a fantastic sandwich.  Its right up there/even with Sarcones as the best Italian hoagie in Philadelphia IMO.  I will be dreaming about this one for months to come!Best deli in South Philly. The seeded rolls and sharp provolone are amazing...The best sandwiches in Philly.  It's hard to pick a favorite, but the roast pork with sharp provolone is wonderful.   You can even order the roast pork and gravy by the pound, so you can share with friends at home.Great sandwiches, but not my favorite. 
A co-worker decided to treat the office to Chickie's last week and I thought I had never been there before, that is until I logged in to write this review and recognized it from its pictures. The un-memorable-ness of my first experience there gave me pause. It's like that girl that sat next to me in sophomore Biology. The one with the hair, and the eyes, that lived on that street, in that town. She had a face, I think. She must have been nice because I didn't want to punch her or hug her, but if she was the only sandwich in the room before the bell rang, I'd eat her. That's pretty much how I feel about Chickie's. 
The selection of both traditional Italian sandwiches as well as other deli favorites like baloney, turkey and tuna sandwiches and salads are good, as are the always reliable Sarcone's rolls. Unfortunately I ordered a hot sandwich not considering travel time for my office mates who picked them up (I work in West Philly, Chickie's is in South, parking and traffic are abhorrent in both.) So even though we phoned in our order by the time my sweet sausage and pepper sandwich made it to me it was effectively 'steamed' in it's little, foil and parchment paper receiving blanket. I was also a little disappointed there wasn't any sauce on it (or gravy, depending on your school of thought), but that may have been my own fault for not ordering properly. As an Italian and a Philadelphian and someone who practically eats for a living, I should know better. 
The fella that recommended the place couldn't stop talking about the fried tomato sandwich that comes with a breaded, fried tomato with bacon strips, lettuce and some other fixins. A few others ordered it and were equally impressed. Next time I might try another traditional, cold hoagie just to form a more well-rounded opinion but in the meantime I'd have no problem recommending it to a newbie, probably while I shrugged my shoulders and gave it an emphatic, 'meh'.The best Hoagie in Philly. The best Veggie Hoagie in the WORLD. The nicest people. Chickie and Henry are the best. Norm GI love this place.
I remember when I first tried this place. I was working on renovating a house nearby and needed a place for quick eats. The home owner pointed me here. 
Ahh, what to do....do I take more breaks to eat more yummy food....or do I show gratitude and finish the job. 
It was difficult to decide while shoving heaps of smoked turkey and extra sharp provolone into my mouth. In the end I went with gratitude. 
Chickie's somehow managed to dissipate in my memory over time, until relatively recently when I started working a few blocks away. I rediscovered it when looking for a place to eat lunch. The great thing about this place is, not only are their sandwiches good, but consistent. I have never ordered something to find disappointment that it wasn't how I remembered it. When I walked in after not eating here for years, it was the same neighborhood faces, the same quality ingredients, and the same dynamic taste.The large sandwiches come on Sarcone's bread which is one of my favorite things in the entire world.
The Chickie's Special is my favorite sandwhich. Try it you will not be let down.  Just drink a lot of water.  All that salted meat will dehydrate you.Everything from this place that has crossed my lips has been amazing. The veggie sub has a good, unexpected mix of fillings and is satiating for a veggie option. 
The Chickie's special is the best thing I've had here...pretty classic Italian sub. In fact, I'd call it the Platonic ideal of an Italian--what other subs dream of becoming, what you always hope they will be. I love the dressing they put on the subs. And the sharp provolone chunks. 
The Sarcones bread is great, but not for the faint of jaw. Or the toothless. They also offer a rotating list of specials as well as a la carte antipasto (pickled peppers, baked onions, stuffed mushrooms, olives, etc).
This is definitely an eat-outside place during nice weather, but to-go any other time (no inside seating). Another drawback is the limited hours.
LASTLY this is a great place for outsiders to hear a thick Philly accent and get to appreciate South Philly in general.You know how some people always complain about being SO broke even though they buy $5.00 coffees every single day of their lives? And yet still buy those coffee drinks and still complain, like, ALL OF THE TIME? I think I do that with hoagies. I wish that I felt worse about it.
Granted I am a boring hoagie eater (lettuce, tomato, onion, sweets, and hots? How about nope, nope, nope, nope, and nope.), I still appreciate a good one.
I usually go for the Italian (I do not like my men like I like my hoagies, it turns out. Sorry, dad. Well that seemed misplaced) or, if I'm feeling bold, the sausage and peppers hoagie. Both are very good and very meaty and very expensive.
I can't speak on the sides that Chickie's offers as I've never participated. They are usually sad, shriveled, and sitting by the cash register which might appeal to those who do like such things (who are you?), but not to this sophisticated lady who literally sometimes walks to the hoagie spot in pajama-grade shorts and inappropriate footwear.
I think that my favorite thing about the Chickie's experience, though, is the pretty high likelihood that someone--staff, patron, or otherwise--will undoubtedly be screaming obscenities into a cellphone. I mean that with most of my heart.Best sandwiches in South Philly. I've been working in the neighborhood for 20 years and I've tried so many different places, some good some bad, all with their spin on the authentic South Philly style sandwich. Chickie's stands out as the hands down favorite among myself and my co-workers.
Fresh local ingredients. Good sandwiches at good prices. Their menu has so many delicious things to choose from. Fried Tomato Special and Veggie Hoagie are my 2 faves but I find myself trying different things and I'm always happy. Corned beef special, roast pork with provolone, even their meatballs are top shelf. Another yelper suggested the Tuna Misto, gotta try that one of these times, and the Johnny Marz looks like a winner as well.
Fast delivery (order early ~10 am if you want it for lunch) 
Friendly service :) Whether ordering 2 sandwiches or 20, they make you feel like you're their best customer. I could go wait in line for a half hour at another place and get treated like a shmuck, but I would rather enjoy my sandwich experience.
Many other places will close for the day when they run out of Sarcone's rolls. Chickie's keeps on going with their back-up rolls. I forget which bakery they're from, I think Villotti? They tell you when you call if they are out of Sarcone's and ask if you don't mind the "other bread". Well I gotta tell ya, their sandwiches are just as good no matter what roll they are on.
When it comes to South Philly Italian sandwiches, this place is the real deal, and it's run by good people. 5 Stars.yum and yum... it's all about the sharp provolone... I get the same sandwich everywhere- honey turkey-LTO hot peppers, vinegar, mayo...At Chickies all ingredients are fresh and tasty but the addition of the sharp provolone sends this sandwich to orbit in a new atmosphere....I tried the Veggie and it's good but for a true taste comparison order your old standby and experience the power of Chickies..I ordered a 2 loaf hoagie tray and 2 sodas from Chickie's over the phone which was delivered a half an hour early. The food was great but I realized I didn't send down the tip. Chickie's called to clarify this and I told them to put it on my card. Then I realized they didn't send the 2 sodas. I called again and they were so apologetic, that they biked over the 2 sodas ASAP and insisted on covering the tip. They handled the situation very well, I have to say. I would order from them again.
(Side note: I don't know if this is a South Philly thing but what is it about putting the person on hold every 30 seconds for 5 seconds? I feel like its kind of rude but hey, the food is good lol)Sarcone's delicious fresh baked bread and amazing specialty hoagies including a vegetarian hoagie that has won awards.  How many deli spots have a veggie hoagie as their star?  Baked eggplant, sauteed broccoli rabe, roasted peppers and sharp provolone, it is a quintessentially South Philly jawn.  
My favorite is the Chicken Italiano, a tender cutlet with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe.  It has the mom and pop feel.  Go early before they run out of bread.I don't know about how much healthier the Italian Veggie Hoagie is than the other options, but I can tell you after more than ten years of coming here, I can't remember what the other options are. A common misconception is veggie= healthier, but I guess it depends on what you consider healthy to begin with... (there is a ton of olive oil on it, which means more calories. Good fat? YES. But still, a lot of calories.) 
This veggie hoagie has to be the best one I've ever had anywhere. And I mean, anywhere! My mouth waters thinking about it. 
It's an intense experience, and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes good food. 
They have funny hours, so make sure you get their early or call to make sure they are open.Often underappreciated deli with great hoagies, sausage sandwiches, etc.Fried Tomato special! Been here several times and got a fried tomato special with turkey each time.  Absolutely amazing.  Its like a turkey BLT on steroids.  They use sarcones bread which I love, unfortunately I feel like its not the best bread for hoagies.  The chewiness makes my jaw so tired but its still worth it.  The marinated mozzarella balls are also delicious.
I noticed the prices increased fairly quickly, I guess its from the high demand.  You can expect a line out the door on weekends.Check me out dog!  My first yelp review.  I have to admit this does feel a little dirty because I think yelpers are for the most part, lame.  But hey, if you can't beat them, join them
All that being said, how about Chickie's eh?  The thing is, this neighborhood is saturated with great hoagie joints all slapping their processed meats on the ever famous, completely overrated, Sarcone's roll.  They are all getting their meats, cheeses, and fixings at basically the same purveyors.  They all have their own little spin on the hoagies with their specialties.  Chickie's is no different.  They basically use all the same stuff.  And they should because it works.
However what sets Chickie's apart are the people who work there and the environment.  Everyone is always smiling, talkative, and efficient.  They try to remember your name, strike up a conversation and you will always leave happier than when you went in (having a hoagie in hand has a big part in this but....)  That's pretty much it- the employees act like normal, happy human beings while putting a out a quality product.  That's often a lost art in this city
Oh yeah---get the tuna mistonice bang for your buck. I personally think Sarcone is better but you can't go wrong at Chickie's either. They have a very nice tuna and a decent cutlet. Their subs are very nicely filled for the most part and delish. I would skip the hot roast pork, bit dry- not terrible but in this city there are a lot better options.I've never actually been to Chickie's but a fellow meat lover is obsessed with their veggies sub and he brought me one. Since taking that first bite I am now assured that subs don't always need meat, and this was probably the best sandwich I've ever had.  
The eggplant the peppers, fresh bread and that sharp italian cheese.... oh man You've got to get yourself here and get one.  Screw cheesesteaks this is the best food that philly has to offer.Although I eat meat, veggie italian hoagies are my jam.  I love love love love everything in them- eggplant, roasted red peppers, broccoli rabe, provolone, fresh mozz, basil, tomatoes, spinach.. whatever variation of italian veggie hoagie there is, I like it.   So when I heard Chickie's was the "creator" of this amazing sandwich (in like 1983... ?), I had to give it a try.
Whoa, mama.  This is a really excellent veggie hoagie.  What I liked about it is that they really roast down their eggplant and sautee their broccoli rabe so that they almost melt in your mouth.  And I really like that they use shredded provolone, which mixes itself much better into the sandwich and you get some prov in every bite.  My only gripe is that I wish the provolone was a bit sharper.  But it was great nonetheless.
My better half does not agree with me on the awesomeness of veggie hoagies, so he got the chicken cutlet italiano (chicken cutlet with broccoli rabe and prov) which I ate a quarter of.  This is one of the better chicken cutlet sandwiches I've had--- the chicken was nice and juicy and wasn't overfried like some of the other places tend to do (cough.. shanks... cough).  And it had that great sauteed broccoli rabe.
Now that I know this gem is mere blocks from my home, I see an increase in veggie italian hoagie consumption occurring in the very near future.stellar. found our way here whilst attending an event at Penn's Landing. we had to figure out how to get past the Italian Market Festival that was taking place but we ended up making it and getting a sick parking spot to boot. We had Chickie's Special and it was awesome. bread was ridiculous. textures, flavors....everything was on point. service was excellent.I don't know what to talk about first...the hoagies (one of best I've ever had), the roasted potatoes (so simple and so good), the thinly sliced roasted eggplant with sauce and Parmesan, the stuffed mushrooms, Roman-style roasted peppers and the owner's mother's falling-apart-potatoes and green beans cooked all day in homemade sauce. I love this place. Ya think?!YES YES YES YES YES!!!
This now THIS is a dam sub!!
Holly carp... the Chickie's special, on great Sarcone's bread, with incredibly tasty Sopressata and Prosciutto, sharp SHARP provolone and incredible aromatic olive oil...  is the best Sandwich I've EVER had in my LIFE.
The place is also very well know for it's veggie sandwich.
Screw cheesesteaks... GO HERE instead!Fellow Yelper Caitlin C. and I live in the same neighborhood, and when I mentioned one day that I wanted to check out Chickie's Deli she said something along the lines of "You haven't been there YET?" Yes, it was true. I hadn't been to one of the city's best delis. I was into the DiBruno's hype for awhile but, frankly, they seem a little too big for their britches over there. (Like, what happened to the meat on the Italian hoagie?) Anyway, Chickie's gets thumbs up for their Italian hoagie, hot roast beef sandwich and homemade pasta salad, which is way better than just grabbing a bag of chips as a side. Chicken cutlet sandwiches are also a winner. Chickie's has won awards for its veggie sandwich, or so the awning says, but if I'm coming to an Italian deli the last thing I'm thinking about is getting my day's serving of greens.For all the adulation Philadelphia's sandwich scene rightfully receives, Chickie's is a bit under the radar. It's not anyone's best kept secret, but what they slather and pile on their rolls seems like it should necessitate longer lines than the ones that await you here.
The reasonable wait is beneficial to the growling stomachs and claustrophobic alike: You're tightly packed between the counter and surpluses of soft drink crates, refrigerators, and Italian sweets. It kind of feels like you're ordering from someone's pantry, but in a charming way. 
If, as it's been said, recipes aren't created, they evolve, then the fried tomato special ($7.25) with bacon, lettuce, red peppers and cheese is evidence of a small step in evolution for the simple BLT. Your future myocardial infarction is held together and hastened with optional mayo, which you probably need to get because there's no room for half measures in sandwiches. The bacon follows these ethos and doesn't punk out with some thin, translucent pieces of pig scab; it's thick and crispy. Again: no half measures.
I'd recommend going with the veggie hoagie ($8) if it's your first time here because it's what they do best and doubles as an edible how-to manual for making a veggie sandwich right. Eggplant, roasted red peppers, rabe, and cheese sound like they're only complements to a protein, but I promise you it's more than enough.
The only drawback is the very South Philly hours of 9-4 with no hours on Sunday. What did I say about half measures, Chickie's?Yum.  I've been going here a lot lately.  The staff is incredibly nice - you just like going there.  Plus there is a large menu so you can never get bored.  The store is very clean.  Nothing but great things to say!Chickie's is phenomenal, and in part the deliciousness factor can be attributed to their use of Sarcone's bread. That being said, what Chickie's is putting inside the bread is just as good as the bread itself. 
The italian hoagie (aka the Chickie's Special) is pretty great but I am partial to Sarcone's Old Fashioned Italian. At Chickie's the Fried Tomato Special and the Tuna Special are easily two of the best hoagies I have ever had. In addition, they are consistently that good, there are never any slip ups or times when either hoagie has been poorly made. The Fried Tomato special looks daunting on the menu, the inclusion of turkey and mayo scared me a bit at first, but it is so so so so good. It used to be my absolute favorite, until I discovered the Tuna Special could be covered in long hot oil. This blew my mind, the Tuna Special became the perfect sandwich in my eyes, the combination of the long hot oil, the sharp provolone and the italian tuna is unreal melt in your mouth good. Caution: the long hot oil is not for the weak hearted--it is aptly named. All in all you owe it to yourself to try both of these sandwiches if you are a South Philly sandwich shop fan. 
Additionally for all the vegetarians out there the veggie sub and caprese hoagie are great alternatives!Can't get any better than Chickies!!! Freshly baked sarcones seeded rolls, broccoli rabe, eggplant, and roasted red peppers made from scratch, with love... Add on some sharp provolone, and you've got yourself one hell of a sandwich. This place has an option for everyone on the list, and their antipasto bar has some prime pickins to boot!Chickie's veggie hoagie review.
The veggie hoagie is definitely something you want to eat.  Call ahead because this place gets busy.  Sometimes they have outdoor seating.  I ask for extra sharp provolone, which makes it even more delicious.  The rolls are to die for.  You can purchase other items at the store such as grated Parmesan cheese and roasted vegetables to go.  The prices are very reasonable and the service is friendly and efficient.
Seriously, you owe it to yourself.  Go here and eat a hoagie.Never seen this many carnivores going crazy over a veggie hoagie. I've been vegetarian my whole life and I wasn't too impressed. They slapped together this pale little hoagie in about 30 seconds and sent me on my way to eat at the tiny table on the tiny sidewalk outside. This place is way over rated. The two stars are for their friendly service but I could get a better veggie hoagie at any deli in Brooklyn( yes Philly...that is the sound of shots being fired). "take that, take that" *diddy voice*The sandwiches are incredible, but please try the soup!!! This soup is what I imagine Seinfeld's "soup nazi"'s soup tastes like. Incredible.great sandwiches, this place is always packed and parking sucks, but man the food is so worth the parking hunt!I grew up in Philly. I've eaten so many steak sandwiches and hoagies from the time I could chew, it's dizzying. I've always loved the hoagie. Wheeler Tavern when my dad would let us cut school. Any corner store. Later, Primos made a different but altogether delicious hoagie. Then one day, my roommate brought home half a sandwich. The other half of her lunch, which she then opened to eat without reheating it. She cut off a piece for me. It had breaded fried eggplant on it. I never had a hoagie with fried eggplant. It was the most delicious sandwich I ever had.
It eluded me. For months. She couldn't remember the name, on some little street in South Philly. She only went there when they had work in the neighborhood.
I had lost my love. We had spent such a short time together, and I would never forget.
So, dammit, I found it on the internet (the lovely, lovely internet). And I will never be hungry again.How on earth have I lived in Bella Vista for 4 years and never eaten at Chickies before a few months ago??? Thankfully, a friend of ours got hoagies to bring down to a Phils game from Chickie's.  We've been hooked ever since.  Heaven.  
Reasons why I love Chickies:
1.  It makes me sad to think of all the Italian hoagies I have eaten from other delis in the city.  What a waste when these hoagies are around!  
2.  Chicken cutlet sandwiches are also tasty
3.  Sarcone's bread.  Need I say more?
4.  The owner came out to ask us how our hoagies were as we munched at the sidewalk tables.  Seriously - when was the last time a deli owner took so much pride in sandwiches? 
This is the real deal!The Chickies Special at about $8.00 is probably the best bargain in the city. Packed with excellent quality meats as well as prosciutto and sharp prov. the hefty sesame bread is enough to handle all the protein.  It s not only a big sandwich its well constructed and simply delicious.  I really have to push to finish it all at one sitting.  I don't know why I hesitate to call it a hoagie, maybe because this is anything but a hoagie roll.  Whatever you want to call it,  Chickie's belongs in the same company as Primo's, Sarcones et al.  A singular treat.  Gotta eat it with their fried long hots.  Its worth the pain.My boss introduced me to this place a few months ago after toilet tank shopping. Man I have NEVER had a hoagie this good before or since. I love their Italian, it has mortadella which I always thought was disgusting when I worked at a deli, but in this sandwich it is incredible. My boss loves their fried tomato special with turkey and mayo, which I will probably get around to trying for myself someday. Their cheeses and meats they sell in the little tubs are quite good as well, I don't have a taste for their artichokes, but my boss loves them. He also explained to me why they have huge cheeses hanging over the counter with baggies filled with oil tied to them. He's a chef and explained to me that that's how they age them, the oil seeps out and the cheese dries.
This place has hands down the best hoagies I've ever had (and I used to order from Wawa *snort* ) I try to grab them from here every chance I get!I love everything about this place, from the delicious sandwiches and fresh salads to the superfriendly people who work there.  The veggie hoagie is amazing but I think my favorite is the fried tomato special with bacon.  Get the jersey tomato salad when they have it - tastes just like summer.  I only wish they had longer hours so I could pick up a hoagie on my way home from work.I don't think I could possibly express to the Yelp community just how fantastic Chickie's really is. When I found an apartment at 11th & Federal, I specifically took it just so I could be less than half a block away from this deli. (I'm dead serious.)
No frills, no bullshit place with just great, fresh food and sandwiches. Let me repeat.. everything is SO DAMN FRESH and the taste is just off the hook (do kids still say that nowadays??) When you order something over the phone for pickup, or wait for it in person, they address you by your first name and I genuinely think they remember you most of the time. They treat you like family.
My picks are the Veggie Hoagie, Prosciutto Special and the Fried Tomato Special (with bacon & turkey, but still just as good without). As the other review said, it's all about the sharp provolone, so I highly recommend it on every sandwich.
Support local business and eat here every chance you get.In a town that's famous for great sandwiches, Chickie's is the best. I must have eaten at just about every notable deli in South Philly but I always come back to Chickie's.  After moving out of the area 5 years ago, my first order of business when I get back into town is to grab lunch at Chickie's. The Sarcones rolls are fantasitic, but get there early because when they're gone, they're gone.  Everything on the menu is amazing.  Try the hot roast beef with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone cheese. I promise it won't be your last one.Yes, Yelpers, the veggie hoagie at Chickie's IS as good as everybody says it is.The fried tomato special minus bacon. Long Sarcone's roll. This is the best sandwich in Philadelphia. Get a couple of the breaded peppers and onions... bliss!Primos is very good.  This place makes Primos taste like mcdonalds.  
Quite pricey but worth it.  Small, simple south Philly corner sandwich place.  Polite but busy staff.  This is about as good as it gets in terms of south Philly hoagies and sandwiches, but if you're good at sniffing out good prices you can probably do just as well for cheaper..  but not much.Really sweet couple that runs the place, and I must say the Fried Tomato Special (with turkey of course and some sharp provolone) is fantastic. My mouth waters just thinking about it.
Downside 1. its a small joint so they run out of bread (fresh from sarcones) at about 230-ish.  2. they get super busy and sometimes even if you place an order they don't get to you for a good 15 minutes or so. 
Regardless of the wait, I'd definitely go everyday if I could. Plus the side mozz balls in oil with basil and red pepper flakes. And now I'm drooling...What a great place for a non-Philly native to listen to some great genuine Philly accents!!  
A great neighborhood feel.  Friendly, familiar service.  I ordered the Chickie's special and it was pretty damned good.  The wait was a bit long, but that was due to high volume of orders and not to inefficiency.  
I'll definitely be back, youse guys.  Can't wait to try more!!This place made me feel proud to be an italian american.
Upon walking into Chickie's I could tell that I was in for a treat.  This place had a living, breathing presence about it that I find is absent in most establishments.  Not only was everyone working intently, but they were truly happy to be doing it.  There is a lot of love here and it shows in their food.
For my first visit, I went with the italian.  I like to judge a place based on their standard items before getting adventurous.  I was extremely impressed.  The sandwich was formed well, and perfectly balanced.  The flavors were in harmony.  As I unwrapped it, my home was filled with the smell of vinegar, hot peppers, fresh lettuce and of course, Sarcone's bread.  The man who took my order was extremely pleasant and even though he could tell I was new, he treated me with respect and professional courtesy.  That speaks volumes of an establishment.
I think this place is a real gem.  I'm glad to live near it and I'm happy they are here in south philly killin it in the sandwich department.  They aren't Paesano's or Jakes and they're not trying to be.  Chickie's has clearly been around and they aren't going anywhere.
Bravissimo!Oh my god they have the best hoagies in Philly hands down!  The place is small but has outside seating in warm weather.  You can call ahead and your order will be ready for you when you get there.  Really... I'm serious... the best hoagies.The first time I tried to eat at Chickie's I accidentally went to Cosmi's instead. I was confused. "This is what everyone raves over?"
So today I decided to phone in an order in hopes of avoiding a long wait. At 12:30 they were already out of large rolls so I had to get a small. I ordered the veggie with low expectations, because even though the reviews are great, I didn't want to be disappointed.  Initially I was told it would be 45 minutes, which I didn't have. I told the guy on the phone never mind, and he said "What about 20 minutes?" 
It was really hard for me not to get antipasto or baked veggies when I was in there because it all looked so good. I grabbed my sandwich, hopped in the car and dug in. It was so good. It was one of those foods that make you feel happy while you're eating, and majorly disappointed once it's gone. 
Make sure you call ahead and early so you can have a large, and feel maybe a little less disappointed than I did when it's gone.My mother worked at a place called 'The Italian Villa', in Gibbstown Nj, when she was a teenager. She took me to visit it when I was a child too, and I remember that she was happy at how little it changed in 20 years. When I moved to the city, as a young man, one of the first things I did was scout out the real deal Italian delis. Chicke's makes the list. Upon stumbling onto Chickie's, I think I felt the same happiness my mother felt at the villa...just to know that places like this still exist is a very good thing. 
   How they convinced my carnivorous palate that vegetables are 'the bomb', I will never know, but their veggi hoagie has succeeded in doing just that.  It's Extra garlic(iness), and provolone(iness), and red pepper(iness) satisfy all of one's deepest, most desperate hoagie desires. Don't be mistaken though...if you want a pound of meat on a crispy, seeded roll they can deliver that too. It's kind of a big deal. 
   Go and be a part of the goodness that is the Italian deli. Take in all the smells from the cheese and curing meats. Try a little of everything, and please please please...do share this with your kids!Without question, they do a great veggie hoagie. May be their greatest claim to fame, although the special hoagie does have a loyal following.My one concession to Philadelphia's herds of mooing vegetarians is Chickie's Veggie Hoagie. 
Broccoli rabe sauteed with garlic, baked eggplant, roasted red peppers and coarsely ground provolone cheese stacked in a seeded Sarcone's roll is last-meal worthy. 
Amazing meat-based sammies, too, but that Veggie Hoagie is so damn exciting you can ignore the pig products and still end up in hog heaven.I'm not really sure what happened, but I do an immense amount of bragging about this place and today, for the first time, thought maybe I should tone it down a little. 
I took a friend here for his last meal in the US before returning home and he was generally not impressed. As politely as possible he said it was good, but that he has definitely had better sandwiches. 
Initially, I was blown away by this possibility. I found it hard to belive that any sandwich could be better than a chickie's sandwich. Since we both had veggie hoagies, I noticed it too. Something was off. 
My boyfriend flew in to Philadelphia to have dinner with me tonight, and I made him taste the sandwich he has heard so much about, and he was not impressed with it either.Primo's, Sarcone's and Chickeie's. Unfortunately, Chickie's is the forgotten one in the bunch. 
The sandwches here are JUST AS GOOD as Primo's and Sarcone's and sometimes I prefer these. The scene is just as Italian, the meat just as fresh, the bread just as good and Chickie's even has great extras like breaded peppers and artichoke hearts.
If you are vegetarian you need to get their vegetarian hoagie (the best in the city according to all the lists).Today I had a religious experience after having lunch at Chickie's.  I had their fried tomato hoagie and i was sad when I finished it b/c I certainly could have had a second one right after.  It had roasted peppers, lettuce and mozzarella cheese (you can actually choose your own cheese that you like) and I forget what else.  Their bread (supposedly Sarcone's?) topped the whole affair.  Yes that's right.  I said affair.  I am looking forward to trying their veggie and italian ones .  This place is a gem!After seeing Chickie's in Rick Sebak's 2002 PBS documentary, Sandwiches That You Will Like, I added this place to my bucket list.  Definitely worth the visit!
The deli is a tiny place and the street parking is nearly impossible, but they have small tables outside, so it was good Philly atmosphere.
Sebak featured the Veggie Hoagie in his documentary, so that's what I needed to try.  It's roasted red peppers, broccoli rabe, eggplant, and sharp provolone on Sarcone's celebrated sesame seeded bread.  It was fantastic!  So much flavor going on!  I am in complete agreement with the other reviewers; you really don't miss the meat.  But the fact that it is vegetarian really is missing the point.  The point is that it's a great sandwich!
Out of town visitors clamor for cheesesteaks, I know, but I would come here before I'd ever go to Pat's or Geno's again!  Next time, I'll have to try the Chickie Special!  Can't wait!I've been to Chickie's numerous times, and always find myself ordering their fried tomato special with turkey & sharp provolone.  It's one of those sandwiches that I'll never get tired of.  I also like the turkey, gravy & cranberry special they offer around Thanksgiving.  
In addition to the usual soda options, they also have Hank's Gourmet Beverages. I particularly like the Philadelphia recipe root beer.
It's a relatively small place, so it can get crowded inside during busy periods.  It's sometimes easier to wait outside while your food is prepared.  They have a few tables and chairs outside, which are ideal for a summer afternoon.
The owner is quite a character. It seems like he knows a lot of the regulars that I'm sure have been coming here for years.This is one of the top two places to get a hoagie in Philly, the other being Sarcones, but the service here and the people are much nicer.  The veggie hoagie is indescribable, in a good way.  I often get the tuna misto hoagie.   The roast pork is pretty good, but not the best in South Philly.   The hoagies though, they are the best, pure and simple.The veggie hoagie is perfection. Holy moly that's a good sandwich. The combo of flavors--sharp, salty, aged provolone, garlicky broccoli rabe, sweet, soft eggplant and tangy peppers all on a perfect roll... sublime. I had avoided this sandwich because I thought it couldn't live up to the hype - I was wrong. Sadly I have missed out on many years of eating this perfect sandwich.A super tiny deli that's BIG on taste. I am obsessed with the fried green tomato hoagie with turkey, sharp provolone, and bacon. The sandwiches are huge and delicious. They use Sarcone's bread but make sure you get there early. Sometimes they run out of rolls. Great marinated mozzarella too!What a great little gem near my apartment that I didn't try until today (unfortunately.) 
Very south philly! Delicious sandwiches on fresh Sarcone's rolls. I got a hot roast pork sandwich with aged sharp provolone and a side of russian dressing for dipping. SO GOOD. My small was definitely not big enough. I will be getting a large next time around to satisfy my belly more.
The staff is extremely nice too. They gave my boyfriend and I each a loaf of fresh bread that they would have been throwing out anyway since it was Saturday right before closing time. Can't wait to make some garlic bread with it.
There's a few tables set up outside to eat at but otherwise, it is just a small deli for takeout. Their menu does say delivery too!
Only complaint- the coleslaw is not good. Honestly though, I have yet to find a deli near me (or anywhere, for that matter) with good coleslaw. I feel like it all comes out of a large container from some wholesaler. Where can I get fresh, homemade coleslaw made with care? I guess I should stop expecting my Grandma's!The best hoagie I've ever had in my life is the Chickie's veggie. This is the spot you've been waiting for.Every time I bring my friends to Italian market we stop here for lunch. Without any doubt the best hoagie place in South Philly. Their roast beef and sausage sandwiches are incredibly tasty. The Italian and Veggie hoagies are absolutely delicious. Also try their roasted peppers and marinated artichoke hearts. Besides the food, the owner Henry, his wife and the cashier Judy make you really feel welcome to this place. When you order sandwiches, either Henry or his wife will take your order. But if you want any homemade items located near the cashier, it is better to place that order with the cashier.Veggie hoagie = good;  fried tomato "with" (in this case with means turkey) = good; lady at cash register - like a favorite aunt (minus the twenty spot stuffed in your b-day card every year).  Price you say? Your meal will be under 10 bucks with a drink.  What else u want?I can honestly say I had my favorite sandwich here. The food was wonderful, the people were nice, it was just a great experience.by far the best hoagies in philly.... maybe the world
always fresh and tastyI am a hoagie (sub, hero, grinder) enthusiast. This is without a doubt the best hoagie shop in the world. The Prosciutto special with fresh mozzarella and long hots is my favorite sandwich of all time. I'd get one everyday if wasn't aware of my own mortality. For a healthier alternative, the veggie hoagie is the best vegetarian thing on the planet. When talking about Chickie's I can't reign in the hyperbole.
RIP Johnny Marz. I saw him there a few times picking up sandwiches on Saturday. Real nice guy and a favorite son of South Philly and Chickies. It's just sad.I love Chickie's!
I've been coming here for a few years and I alternate between the veggie special and the tuna special.  Both sandwiches are delicious!
The staff is friendly and seems to value its customers. 
I have not tried a traditional deli sandwich because prefer softer rolls.What? You say you don't crave vegetables? Try one of their out of this world veggie hoagies. Sheer perfection on a Sarcones roll. Maybe someday I'll try something else from here. Maybe not.Good spendy sammies. Friendly staff, South Philly patrons.