Chickies and Pete's hosted our high school reunion last night. We chose to do the 3 hour open bar and food. From beginning of helping plan the reunion, the staff was very helpful. The food was served buffet style and the serving trays were never left empty. I was super excited about the cheese sauce being served with a ladle (I could drink their cheese sauce haha). The bartenders and waiters were great! We had a good time and I'm glad that we chose chickies to host our event.This place is the perfect sports environment. The crab fries are the best thing on the menu. You just haven't tried crab fries unless you've tried them from here. 
It gets crowded fast, mostly because of the many small tables. It feels like you are eating with the people at the table next to you. 
The crab legs are pricey for the amount you get. The clams are good. Dont go here expecting a full meal. I thought of it more as small things to nibble on. I'm sure its best for drinks during games. 
They have players for the Eagles there alot. They sometimes host a radio show so the players come to be on the show.As always the fries & Cheesesteak Nachos were awesome I was disappointed with the Limoncello Seafood Bake. I just had it twice in AC this past weekend at the Chickie & Pete's in the Tropicana and the dish was amazing, more crab, more cheese and not spicy.  The dish I had tonight was smaller, spicy and watery, I pointed this out to the waitress who said it should be the same and she is not sure why it is not. It is safe to say this is the last time I will be ordering this from the Roosevelt Blvd C&P. Update- The manager came over to ask about our experience and listened as I told her about my A.C. Experience she removed the item from our bill offered us free drinks and promised to look into the portion size and ensure they were following same standards.The crab fries ARE amazing.  I can't argue with that.  But I'm sure any establishment with a stockpile of yummy fries, a supply of old bay, and the ability to melt cheese could compete.  The magooby was delicious - shrimp and cheese and onions and pickles.  It was great.  Also, I am a fan of their corner circular booths.  Only because of the food and the booths do I give 3 stars.  I wish I could give 2 and 1/2.  Aside from a good sandwich and some yummy fries that cost $5.50 an order, I have nothing nice to say.
              The hostess was a jerk who clearly thought I should kiss her ass and worship the ground she worked on just because she was cute and the hostess of the joint.  She was not nice, and was not helpful.  She seemed annoyed to even have to speak with me, and the place wasn't even crowded.  Our waitress wasn't any better.  She "forgot" about our drinks 4 different times.  She was impatient and was trying  to rush us to order.  She had zero personality and didn't seem too interested in or happy about her job.  Although my food was good, my friend got a cold sandwich.  Two of my other friends ordered mussels, which were not the best.
           Overall, not too impressed.  It seems as though the crab fries are really the thing that anchors this place.  .I got bad mussels here 2 times beware and the same thing happen to me daughter I think they let the food spoil and serve it any way a good place for beer but don't eat here !!!!!!!!!!!!Needless to say, this will be the last time we visit this establishment. I've been a returning customer of this company  for over 18 years and have tried every new establishment. It seems as though the more restaurants they open up, the worse it gets. Whereas the crab bisque and the pork was decent, nothing else was enjoyable. The fries were soggy and cold, the roast beef sandwich was dry and the wings weren't flavorful. My daughter ordered the Jumbo Lump crab cake and in the description it said two jumbo lump crab cakes for $12.99. She got her food last, and they were only lukewarm. It was also a plate with three scoops of crab cake and red peppers smothered in oil on the side. She didn't realize that it wasn't what she meant. After we got our check we were charged $21.95 for the crab cakes (that were so not worth that much!) When we confronted the waitress about it she rudely stated that she didn't order the crab cake sandwich which is the $12.99 one and walked away after her short response and not really an explanation at all. A good waitress would have explained when the customer was ordering that there were, in fact, two of the same items on the menu. We're usually good tippers, but she did not get a good tip. Waitresses with bad attitudes don't get good tips. 
Our bill was $101.79. For soggy fries, bad sandwiches and tiny crab cakes. They also charged us for each refill. Good thing they serve alcohol because anything tastes good when you've got a load on. We will not be returning.Chickie's is definitely a place you will need to stop to experience a bit of Philadelphia.
The crab fries are their specialty are just to die for.  I really enjoy the chicken fingers and honesy mustard as well as the buffalo tenders.  The sandwiches are very good as well.
There are four locations and this and the south philly are the largest.  The original is in Mayfair.  Great to watch a sports game as is the other locations. Always make it a point to stop here if I am home or in the airport location to get some fries to bring back to Cali.Wow...one thing Philly has that NY doesn't...CRAB FRIES!
I was really impressed with C&P, the place was huge, the food was great...the waitstaff was exceptionally friendly and the food came out super fast.  
I had the Buffalo chicken sandwich which was great and my friend had the lobster cheese steak (I will be getting that next time for sure)
Can't wait to go back...wonder if the staff will be as friendly if I'm wearing my Yankee shirt :)Come for the crab fries, stay for the sports and atmosphere.  ESPN called this one of the best sports bars in the country, and it definitely is.  Don't expect to get a seat quickly during a big game - or any Eagles game.I honestly don't get the whole Chickie's and Pete's thing, but this I was there last week, and it was a relatively good visit.  The service was good; we were in the outdoor bar area with 2 bartenders.  At least one of the bartenders was on the ball; the other one, not so much.  We had the dry rub wings, and they were surprisingly good.  They were a bit small, but not overly expensive compared to other bars.  The dry rub was nice since it's easier clean up on the hands.  But honestly, this is just an average bar (as are all of the other Chickie's I've been to), and I just don't get the hype.  I will be back, but not before going to many other places first.I aways enjoy this establishment. The seafood here is above average and so is the wait staff. There crab legs are delicious. Your bill can ran up really fast as everything is per order. I love this place I hate the way I've heard they treat their eait staffExcellent lobster roll, lots of chunks of lobster.  Crab fries were tangy/spicy (a good thing) (no crab in them from what I can taste haha)  White cheese sauce is good, I'm not a big fan of cheese sauces in general but this was pretty mild and tasty.  
No desserts but you probably won't be hungry for it anyways.Ah, Chickies and Petes: forget the Liberty Bell, THIS is a true Philadelphia Landmark. As its presence continues to reach to the stadiums and Jersey shore, its crab fries continue to warm my soul.  It gives me that homey Philly feeling, and who can complain about fries in a salad? Sounds like cheating, but oh so good. 
My final words of wisdom are: if you come here and refrain from indulging in the crab fries, you will never understand why Philadelphians' hearts and hungry stomachs soar at the mention of this revolutionary dish.Five stars for food. Excellent idea adding an oyster menu! They were perfect! 
The mussels Red were great and the lobster roll was tasty. Fries on point as usual. 
Not sure if our waitress was new or the kitchen screwed up, there were a few issues with the cold food coming out LAST. they screwed up an order and we were never offered bread for dipping and of course, asked for it. 
Otherwise, this was a nice change as no one had a food complaint!Went yesterday with some friends for a late night bite. It had been years since I had been. Last time I went we tried as much as we could. As usual, I was not disappointed. I had the chicken parm and it was probably the best chicken parm sandwich I've ever had. Can't go there without having the fries and I also got a 4 way drink I think it's called (orange, pineapple, cranberry juice and a splash of lime soda). It was really refreshing. Everyone enjoyed their wings, shrimp, cheesesteaks and more. Definitely will return since it's so close to home!first, our server bob was awesome. 5/5 on his part, but just try the buffalo chicken pizza, you'll thank me later.As you enter the front doors your introduced to what looks like the best place to watch any game and eat all the seafood you can take. Although its not a buffet, it is a place to over indulge on some pretty awesome stuff!
We had the World Famous Crab Fries w/ side of cheese sauce nice and hot.  Followed with a Chikies hot shrimp with the sauce on the side. I wanted to get some crabs while I was there but we got in too late so the last batch was already in.
The place was loud thats for sure, so if your looking to have a quiet conversation..... not gonna happen. We were here when the Philly's won the World Series and let me just say the crowd just went wild!!!!!!!!!!!!! It was amazing. 
I would return and taste the crab's.... from the looks of the bushels they looked awesome with their special powder ( oldbay )I have been going to Chickie's & Pete's Cafe for dinner for a number of years now. When it is Bluepoint Crab season and when you are in a mood for some hot shrimp, mussels or littleneck clams then this is the place to be.
I have always said that BluePoint crabs and beer are a match made in heaven. One can experience this at Chickie's $ Pete's.
The restaurant is huge. You walk right into the reception desk and then either go left or right. The left portion of the restaurant is more the bar area. Great for watching a sporting event there. The right portion of the restaurant is the dinning area. It also has its own bar.
In my opinion, Chickie's & Pete's has the best bluepoint crabs and Hot shrimp in the city of Philadelphia.I have read some of the reviews that put it best "it's inconsistant". The wings either have sauce or you have to ask for more, the Pizza is as consistant as Hilary Clitons FBI testimony, and the service depends on when you go. If there is a big game on your chances of getting good food and service are as good as the Eagles winning vs Denver. WHen this place is at its peak you will feel like you need a membership to an elite club to get what equates to a less then steller pizza, cheesteak that will never be on par with Jims ! 
So its really about what you want, good atmosphere when your favorite Phili team is on, bad place if you want better then average food from a sports bar.
The local sports radio stations broadcast in season so that is a good highlight but not more more to be excited about !This place has the best fries in Philly. Their cheese sauce is also really good. One of the best restaurant/bar in the Philadelphia area.Great mussels, either red or white. Best that I have found in Philly so far, calamari was a hit also."sunday brunch"---good food/great service--fantastic large crab legs,and all the breakfast trimmings--plus much more-a must to try!!!!!Went there this weekend and was very disappointed. The mussels are usually amazing--the broth so good you want to drink it. Not this weekend-they were so bland, no flavor at all and gritty! Seems like going there is always a crap shoot-I don't like those kind of surprises. I want consistency-not getting it there!! 
My husband had a roast beef and it had no flavor at all. Really small for the price and tasteless. Won't be going back.The last time I was here 2 years ago it was a real nice establishment, tonight's experience was horrible. I'll never go back- prices went up and crab quality was poor, very soggy. Sinks and bathrooms dirty. The utensils were plastic and service was slow. They didn't even have bibs to protect your clothes anymore! The crowds weren't there so I'm thinking a lot of people feel as I do. Chickie and Pete you've gotten too big for your own good.I love this restaurant and go there every time I'm home from Cleveland. We had our wedding at the Knowlton Mansion and this was one of the suggestions for the rehearsal dinner so it seemed like a good fit. The whole family loved the food and they gave us a nice reserved area in the tented bar. It was everything we wanted except when it came to one of our guests wanting to speak. The DJ was very nice and allowed us to use his mic however the other group in there had been partying before us and were pretty drunk and started yelling on purpose while our guest was talking. When his wife went over to them and asked them nicely to just be considerate during the speech and she would buy a round of drinks they just told her to "F off". It was very upsetting because this was a very nice night otherwise. I will return just probably not for a special occasion.Overall the food was pretty good. Crab fries are amazing, buffalo wings are okay, but the traditional pizza that we got ended up being cold when it was served so that was disappointing. This place is definitely great for sport games to sit to eat and drink while watching the games going on.I really don't get the appeal of this place. I work close by and have had lunch here a bunch of times. I always thought it was so so. the sandwiches are pedestrian at best. Everyone raves about the crab fries, They are fine tasty enough but nothing to go on about. I don't think melting American cheese is some life changing experience. Recently, i was with a group of friends for a birthday party, we were close by so decided to go over for drinks /appetisers, the birthday girl's sister was with us, and she is only seventeen, everyone else was over thirty. The waiters and host would not let us in,even though we explained she would just be eating, and we were going to the restaurant section, after a litany of probably not's we asked to speak to the manager, explained that we have seen kids with their parents in the restaurant all the time, while parents order beers. just watch that Monday night live show. the manager said little kids, but not a teen ager. Then he asked the poignant question, are all of you(15) ordering food. Umm...yes. Bingo then i guess its OK, Jeesh, are they making up the rules as they go along. 
So we all sat down and ordered our share of overrated fries with old bay, and a horrible thing called cheese steak nachos, and decided we needed to plan better for next gathering.I really like the atmosphere. When I moved to philly everyone kept saying ...you've never been to chickie's?? you have to go!!! well, I went and it's a better than dive bar atmosphere...but just a philly bar. Crab fries are good.I dont get what the attraction is. The place is extremely loud, and gets louder as everyone shouts harder to be heard over the din. TV's are on full blast. The crab fries, doused with old bay seasoning and served with congealing melted american cheese are OK. Make your own with a bottle of McCormicks and McDonalds fries. They even dump a handful of them on the top of the salads. Get the mussels in tomato sauce, the other one is full of pepper flakes floating around in the thin broth. Beers are expensive.Ugh. My run-ins with terrible service at CnP is really starting to get to me. At the location in S. Philly, my GF and I received almost no service while the table next to us were tended to like celebrities on a slow Sunday. Hardly anyone was there, but we felt as if we were left out of the party. Fuck you S Philly Chickie's, suck a nut.
And now at the NE place, a few friends had checked in on a busy Friday night waiting to be seated. We witnessed our buddy walk up to the counter and asked for a table. We proceeded to wait for the table to be called for 45 minutes. Forty-fucking-five minutes. All the while, people were being seated that we knew were not there nearly as long as we were. So, we ask. 'Oh, you never told us everyone was here.' 
FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU
I was ready to grab a bottle of piss [insert any light beer] and throw it at the bitch. We did confirm, in actuality, we did it twice. All for what? Some yummy bar food and beer? No. No more Chickie's for me. Ignore me while being served? Fine, I'll take my food slightly cooled, and leave a shit tip for lack of service. Switch out your blue-cheese dressing to something that tastes like mayo with itty-bitty chunks of mold? Whatevs, I'll bring my own. Completely remove me from the equation and leave me standing in that crowded, festering entrance like an asshole who's really, really hungry for almost an hour? Last straw, I'll traverse to Tony Lukes for my fatty greasy grub.
edit: I wrote this review weeks after the event. I guess I was more pissed than anticipated, because goddamn was that a rant.Alaskan King Crab Legs, crab fries and good beer,  what more can you ask for?  Oh Yeah muscles in red sauce!  The sauce is so good we always ask for extra bread.Took my friend here for her birthday since we were in the Parx Casino. WE HAD AN ABSOLUTELY GREAT TIME!  We were told there would be a 20-30min wait but were seated after about 10min. The waiter was personable and attentive and the FOOD WAS DELICIOUS! My Juicy, meaty King crab legs for $17.99 blew my mind. My first drink was a bit too sweet for my taste so the waiter cheerfully suggested another and exchanged it without any gripe. The crab AND sweet potato fries were Amazing. Can't wait to go back.Meh. Everyone always raves about these crab fries (old bay fries), so i got them. They were VERY disappointing. Very small amount of old bay seasoning on top and the fries were greasy and mushy. There is nothing else on the menu besides regular bar food. Basically average burgers with overrated fries. In addition, the ambience of the restaurant is dark and dreary. Felt like i was in a friend's garage. The service was slow and we repeatedly had to search for our server.Love the food here. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal at Chickie's. The crab fries are the best part. It does get crowded but that's to be expected during any sporting event. the bartenders are great as well. Love hanging out in the patio area, especially in the warm weather months.I am seriously at a loss for all the bad reviews. I have always had excellent service and excellent food experiences from Chickie's. I LOVE their crab fries! They are the original crab fries and I laugh when I see other establishments trying to copy them. The only seafood I've had here is the shrimp and crabs so I can't personally speak for the mussels but I've dined with plenty of people who have had the mussels and have been pleased. One thing I will say is that I don't like their pizza and I don't recommend you get it. My nieces ordered it and couldn't finish it. I tried a bite and spit it back out. That is my ONLY negative. The place is always packed so they must be doing something right. This is a nice place to go watch the game with friends and have some good food good beer and good company.To the disappointment of us all chickies at the airport needs a complete over haul lack of customer service and the over all lack of quality of the food they are serving leaves something to be desired on a 25 plus year old institution. Service should always come standard when it comes to chickies and petes, food should be piping hot and the beer ice cold and in clean glasses, the tables should be spotless since seafood leaves an odor behind if not wiped clean. Bartending staff should look clean and not dingy like you just came home from being out all night. A smile doesn't cost much. In my opinion if you cant do those things as a standard then don't work for the industry and hurt those that try to uphold an already established age old institution of Seafood and good vibes. I am veteran at chickies and this place simply put has disgust me to my core. they way they treat the customer and the lack of at least trying to make the food come out right and the lack of the effort in the kitchen was a total disgrace. I hope that this doesn't happen at any other chickies establishment. I have already left multiple comments on various leaderboards to no avail.Have been dragged to the various C&P's over the years - most recently because my dad really wanted to have the family get together there.
There is no less vegan-friendly place in Philadelphia that I can think of save for Pat's and Geno's. You can ask to hold the cheese on the veggie pizza but the sauce still contains cheese.
Basically the options are: crab fries (very good, and ironically are vegan and contain no crab) or a salad consisting of romaine lettuce, grape tomatoes, and crab fries. That salad sounds horrible, so just get the crab fries.
You will find more vegan options at most steakhouses.Waitress/Bartender - Whatever she was, was a complete "you know what."  I had to leave, ended up going somewhere else in the Airport, which I think gave me food poisoning.  So basically I blame management here for hiring a terrible waitress and through butterfly effect giving me food poisoning.Chickie & Pete's is where all the Northeast Philladelphians of all ages go when attempting to be "fancy."  The bartenders think they are all the shit for working there and are a-holes.  The food is good, especially the crab fries.  Drinks are *expensive* for NE Philly.  
I just really don't dig the atmosphere at all.  It's all the same types of people just trying way too hard.  People don't really intermingle there either, it's usually a lot of big groups.  I'd rather drive the 15 minutes to the city and have a lot more options....especially if I'm going to pay $6 for a drink anyway.
Only go there if you're with a group, want crab fries, and plan on killing one of those beer towers they have.This location is always busy maybe that's why the hostess looked confused and lost when we came in on a Thursday. It was only two of us and she told us the wait time will be 45 minutes to an hour . When I looked over to my right I saw a dozen open small tables for two . I asked her if those are taken and she said - " oh, I guess you can sit there 
The server we had was horrible , the cocktails were less then average . 
Now to the food - the portions they have are ridiculously small!!
The shrimps and steamers were good . But fried calamari and oysters were below average. 
The clam chowder that ordered tasted like it could of come from a can 
The restaurant itself is extremely dirty - starting from the bathrooms to the sitting areaSucks prices are way high for mussels  make your own crab fries at home with Old Bay SeasoningGreat sports bar and food. We visited the place on June 1. It was our first time there. The waitress Erin was excellent. I ordered a Lobster Cheesesteak sandwich which was great. I recommend it to anybody who goes there. I also had an order of combination fries which came with side sauces. They were excellent.Bar staff is awesome friends atmosphere. 
Enjoy hanging out there with friends.
Great specials wish they had more apps. 
Live music and dj's  Hats off  to sr. Mgr Tom, 
Bar execs mic,connor,bridge Mandy John etc...I really enjoyed going to Chickie's & Pete's.  A group of us decided to come here on a Friday night. We had reservations and even when part of our group was late to arrive, they were very accommodating. Food and drinks were good. I will come back againLove the food here!  However. Did order a me drink and it was amazing so I ordered another one and I tasted completly different.  I don't usually send anything back but I couldn't even drink it, it was to sweet.  The waitress said it was probably a different bar tender that made the drink.  So I don't know what the drink was really suppose to taste like but the first one was amazing.  Also I witnessed a waiter pick a fry off of someone's plate and eat it and they were bring the food out of the kitchen to take to the table.  Other than that I love the food here!Chickie's & Pete's is one of the only other establishments in the Philadelphia area that is almost as famous as the cheesesteaks are. It's a good, nice pub, having said that, it by no means is legendary. By far the best thing at Chickie's & Pete's is the Crab Fries, which live up to all its hype. They are seasoned perfectly which adds a great spice, and the cheese sauce that you dip them in adds a perfect cool contrast. The buffalo wings are also very good here. Surprisingly, the Chicken Parmesan Sandwich at Chickie's & Pete's is actually really tasty. The only food item I was disappointed with is the Crab Cakes, for a restaurant that specializes in seafood, the crab cakes were a lot of filler, not a lot of crab. My friend ordered bread with clam sauce, but the clam sauce is just basically tomato sauce to dip bread, not very impressive. 
The atmosphere is always exciting, and very happening. It's almost always packed when I go, but the service is usually pretty solid and quick. Pricing is decent. A good place to eat if you want to get a more chain restaurant Philadelphia experience.This place is really good.  I went there for the first time only 2 weeks ago. everything i had was excellent. They also have a suprisingly good beer selection. crabs, shrimp,mussels, lobster, nachos, and killer crab fries.  all great. there is nothing intimite about the place, but,regardless....if you want to pig out, you will waddle out to you car smiling all the way.Crab fries. Seriously, you don't need anything else when you go there. I'm giving them four stars based on that singular, tasty, mouth wateringly awesome side quasi-main dish. 
My girlfriend loves their buffalo chicken cutlets, but it takes a moron to screw up chicken fingers. Lobster cheesesteak could definitely use a lot more lobster, and how it's lightly sprinkled on top causes the little itty bitty filet of the sea to fall out easily, thus causing the cheesesteak to have little to no lobsters per bite. Sammiches are a bit hard to handle, as they're messier than a stack of ribs smothered in a quart of bbq sauce, but I don't think they're all that great.
SRSLY THO, get the crab fries.For a famous as this local chain may be, we were very disappointed. BEWARE: I think there's MSG in the food. Food seemed extra salty. And our whole family complained of headaches that evening and next morning. Makes sense : salty foods incites more drinking. 
Calamari was a pitiful, pre-frozen, pre-fab, pre-fried, over breaded sorry excuse for an appetizer with a fried hot pepper on it and sauce. Blahick! My youngest daughter tried calamari for the first time and spit it out- TWICE!
Boneless wings were pre-fab tasteless meat with over salty sauce or rub. 
Crab nachos were ok, nice presentation but possibly imagination crab with a mustardy sauce. 
Good thing the crabby fries are your signature dish, but that's a sorry thing to hang a meal on!  
I expected better. No sure I'll be back.This is a review for my takeout order. 
I ordered the traditional pizza. It wasn't even remotely warm. It was super cold when I got it. The fries were soggy. And the wings were nothing special.
Food is slightly better when you sit in, but not anything special. The fries are overrated.Nice place; however It was kind of crowded and I didn't love the fact that there were so many kids running around especially since I thought I was going to a bar! I would say it's more of a family restaurant.
I really loved that the food came out super fast.
My boyfriend ordered beer and he got to keep the cup - that was pretty neat - we can now go back for $2 refills! 
Overall we had a good experience, no complaints, would go again.We were supposed to meet friends here for dinner and drinks on a Friday night at 7:00.  I used uncharacteristically good judgment and suggested to my wife  that we get dinner somewhere else beforehand.  Good move... when we arrived at Chickie and Pete's at 8:30 our friends were still waiting for a table.  Some guests were waiting outside in drizzling rain.  The place was ridiculously packed.  No thanks.  We visited our friends for a few minutes and moved on.I don't care what anyone says, I love Chickie's.  I happen to be a huge fan of Old Bay, so that endears me to about 90% of their menu.  I have never had anything bad here.  From seafood, pizza, wings, sandwiches, and of course the delicious crab fries, everything always hits the spot.  If you are looking for health food, then a sports bar probably isn't the place to go.  But if you are looking for the best bar food around, look no further!
My favorite menu items are crab legs, crab fries and seafood chowder.  Wednesday nights are all you can eat crabs for $24.95.  That my friends is the best deal in town!!  
This particular location has amble seating both inside and out.  They also have a few large bars scattered throughout, that serve an extensive list of beer & other drinks.  
Whenever I am advising someone from out of the area when traveling to Philly, I always send them here.  It is quintessential Philly, but without the crappy touristy food.  I love my Chickie's!I haven't been to chickie and Pete's in years but I had a interview down the street so I said I will go get me some crabby fries. So I also ordered a dozen of fresh clams, steamed clams and clam chower. The fresh clams were tiny....not small....and to think they charge 16.00 smh ....they wont get 16.00 ever again. The steamed were a little bigger but not much. The clam chower was excellent.....and the clams in the chower were huge go figure..... I will definitely come back for the chowder...PROS:  The crab legs, hot shrimp and crabfries are the anchors of this place.  No one beats them in these areas.  Also like the calamari.  Good sports atmosphere.  Sandwiches are ok, but nothing spectacular.  
CONS:  Overpriced drinks for the NE, but not as bad as Center City.  Wings are atrocious.  Hint: Copy off BW-3 (Buffalo Wild Wings) or PJ Whelihan's..Had a good time with friends who all enjoyed their meals. Can't go without having crab fries of course, it's a must. I tried the lobster cheesesteak for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. I wasn't quite sure of what to expect but I really liked it. Overall good experience but wasn't particularly wowed.The  crab fries alone get 10 stars.  
I didnt care for the roast beef sandwich, but the pizza, wings and buffalo shrimp where all good. Service is a-ok, prices are awesome. 
And the crab fries.  I crave the crab fries.I love their crab fries !!! Always craving for them but definitely need the warm cheese to go along with it. Been to Chickes a lot and try many thing. Had an amazing experience today tho the food was on point and the service was great! Never really had a disappoint with them.We stopped by this location to see our friend's band play out in the patio. We sat at the bar and it took almost 15 minutes to get menus and drinks. I mean, the place wasn't full and all the chairs weren't taken so I'm not sure why 2 bartenders couldn't handle the crowd. I did like that this location has drink specials. on Thursday nights it was $2 miller lites, $3 shock tops, and $4 tito's vodka drinks. I got the buffalo chicken tenders which are always delicious and we shared the combo fries. I prefer the South Philly Location.This is definitely my favorite Chickie's location! The decor is nice and there is a good amount of seating, they even have a covered outdoor seating area. They have a great bar, fully stocked with delicious mixed drinks. The service is above reproach. All of the waitstaff are kind, greeting you with a smile and helpful if you have questions about anything on the menu. The hot shrimp are delicious and as with every Chickie's location the crab fries are amazing! They make great crab cakes and calamari as well. This is definitely a great place to go if your meeting someone for drinks and a casual dinner, it's also a great place to go if you want to meet friends to watch a game.I have TWO reviews from two different visits, one for just the bar and the other for dinner.
[TWO MONTHS AGO]
To be fair, this review is based solely on my experience at the bar since we were only there for drinks. All I ordered was the Caramel Appletini, the first drink on the specialty drinks menu. It clearly stated it was made with Absolute vodka but I noticed the bartender pick up a bottle of well vodka and pour it into the shaker. I am thinking "I am not paying $7.25 for a headache-inducing Bankers Club drink" and so of course I pointed out where it says Absolut as the ingredient for this drink right there on the menu. Whether or not he knew this, it doesn't look good. Either you don't know your menu or you're trying to rip me off. 
I got my correct drink and it and the next one were very tasty. The atmosphere is lively as usual, but what a shame that little blunder made me feel awkward for having to be the "picky customer".
I'll give it another try for a meal another time. Crab Fries really are delicious :)
[TWO WEEKS AGO]
I tried this place again because I wanted to try the crabs and seafood AND I really needed to get away from my little kids for dinner and wouldn't you know, I forgot/misplaced my ID so I couldn't even get a drink. Boooooo. Of course this was the one time I got carded and of course I didn't get any drinks. 
Service was fine, tables a bit crowded together though. My husband could barely squeeze through his chair and the occupied chair from the table behind him to sit down. Other than that, the food was absolutely delicious. I whole-heartedly reccomend the hot shrimp and the mussels. Both were bathing in amazing sauces full of herbs and spices and I was not dissapointed. The crabs were delicious as well. Now if only I could have had my ID, I would have had a much better time!!! Unfortunately we couldn't go see the band playing either, which would have been the perfect end to our quick getaway from the kids, but you have to have your ID to get back there too. Sigh.
It was a weeknight so it wasn't a chaotic mess of NorthEasties...we didn't even have to wait for a table. 
Maybe I'll get it right eventually. And oh, I found my wallet in the bottom of the diaper bag later.Had chicken parm sandwich and it keeps getting less chicken  quantity is going down and prices going upWay OVERRATED!!!   Cutlets are frozen, not fresh.  Crinkle cut Crab fries are frozen as well, not even fresh cut!  Prices are RIDICULOUS.  A FROZEN CRINKLE CUT FRY SPRINKLED WITH OLD BAY IS OUTRAGEOUS!!!  Avoid this place and go somewhere that is not hyped by the name and actually puts out a fresh product at a reasonable price!So I'm guilty.  I'm from the Northeast and have never been to the original Chickie's & Pete's.  Even though I hang out at the Grey Lodge around the corner all the time.  Don't know why.  But I do go to the C's&P's on the Boulevard on a regular basis, mainly with friends who drive down from Levittown (might explain why we don't go to the one in Mayfair).  Anyway, I love this place.  It's huge, noisy, filled with fun people and huge TV's, and the food is yummy.  I like getting a bowl of garlicky blue points or dungeness crabs or their mussels in red sauce.  And, of course, their crab fries (which, yes, don't actually have crab in them) are fantastic.  Old Bay, cheese, and potatoes - genius!  And where else can you get a tower of beer with a spigot on it for maximum beer consumption by a group?  This place rocks.
I like that they have an outdoor deck for when the weather is nice, and their strategically placed sinks mean you can wash off the seafood gook from your hands without missing a moment of the sporting events on television.  
In addition to the original location and the one on Packer Ave., they also have a stand inside Citizen's Bank Park, which only sells crab fries and beer.  Now, the fries are awesome, but they are $5.50 plus $1.50 for the cheese at the stadium (and who gets them without the cheese?).  So at $7 a pop, they are raking in the dough.  If you decide you want crab fries during a Phillies game, stand in line during the first inning b/c you'll be in line for a while.  I once stood in line for 2 whole innings before I got up to the front to get my fries.  This place is popular.  Actually, instead of tailgating, get inside the park early so you can get in line.  That way, you might actually get to watch some of the game after you get your fries.  And get more than one order if you're with a group or if you're sharing with someone because you'll eat the one order before you make it back to your seat.  Mm, crab fries.  I wish I had some now...Easy to find and enough parking in the plaza. It has a good amount of choices for food but it's mainly seafood. So if you never been to Chickie's & Pete's and you're from out of state then you need to try the crab fries. They are the best fries in the city probably even the state just go and enjoy yourself.Chickies and Petes is one of those places where I think I really want to go (mostly because I'm craving the crab fries) but then I always leave somewhat disappointed. 
The crab fries, as always, were delicious and the best part of the meal. The rest left somewhat to be desired. The hot shrimp has significantly shrunk in portion size (but not price) over the years, though it still has a nice flavor. We had to ask for the bread accompaniment to soak up the yummy (but perhaps too salty?) sauce the shrimp comes in. 
We ordered the buffalo cutlets with blue cheese, but I would not call what they came in "buffalo sauce". It was somewhat tangy and sweet. Not what I had in mind. 
The cheese steak nachos sounded amazing but left us very disappointed. Lacking flavor, seasoning, and presentation. Same with the lobster roll. The lobster did seem real, which was surprising, but the flavor was just not there. I only tasted celery. And for $20, I'm expecting some really yummy lobster. 
One very pleasant surprise for our meal, however, is that they now do dessert! The chocolate bar jar was really quite good, and the slice of ice cream cake was humongous.Does the owner still keep a percentage of your tips? food ok just fries with old bay seasonNot nearly as active as the original, but still a great restaurant in the area, owned and operated by Americans! Go for happy hour and get pizzas for $5!Everytime I'm here, no matter how packed this place is, service is always quick and efficient. The longest I've had to wait for a table was about 15 minutes, but that was with a party of six.
I don't know about you, but I definitely love their snow crab legs. Succulent, steaming fresh out the kitchen, and tasty! I find the garlic sauce to be a bit overwhelming in taste and quite messy... so next time I will order my legs without the sauce (if I remember to!).
Their crab fries are always a fave. 
The wings? I find them to be on the salty side. I'll pass..
The cherry clams were definitely over-cooked... and extremely tiny!
For the most part, I like this place and definitely look forward to their crabs every time. Plus, it's always fun to drink from a beer tower :)Fantastic food and the $1 oysters were great, our server Kathleen was awesome and recommended their Organic Chocolate Stout which was exactly what I was looking for in a dessert stout. If I lived here, it'd be a place I'd visit weekly. The dj and live band were also really cool.Let me say ...I am not from Philly or ESPN apparently. Let me also say there are some menu items that are very good like the mussels and the blue crabs could be some others I haven't tried everything. But and it's a big BUT....Old bay is not meant to be used on everything...for instance Old Bay on King crab legs? Really? Or fries...or a chicken cheese steak? Really reserve the old bay for Shrimp and Blue crab ..also offer some more salads ...one salad ? It is 2013. I was really ..really appalled when my over 60$ order of King Crab legs came out drenched in ..soaked in ....splattered with Old Bay? If you loooove Old Bay. This is the place for you when you leave your clothes will smell like Old Bay. While I enjoy Old Bay too much is too much. I like the cheese sauce too.It's good, I don't get the hype though. The crab fries are basic SYSCO crinkle cut fries with old bay and white cheddar sauce. My Philly style pork sandwich had supermarket grade provolone, not the aged provolone that is usually found on a traditional philly pork sandwich. 
About the clientele - if you like 24 year olds that wear "ill" shirts and have the same haricut, then you'll fit right in.I love coming here with the wife the crab fries are awesome they have great burgers.only problem is seating can take long and the bathrooms can be filthy and sometimes some of the food is inconsistentAte here not too long ago. Mediocre at best. The infamous crab fries are awful, I can make better ones from fresh potatoes. Typical bar food, except here it's overpriced. Service was ok at best. I certainly would not go out of my way to visit here or any other location.The crab fries are ok, but the rest of the meal was eh. I ordered a crab cake sandwich. The crab was over seasoned and salty. The roll was crumbly and not fresh. You aren't given silverware and after requesting a set I waited quite a bit. I was handed a knife and a fork when I was almost finished with my meal. It was loud. The waitress was nice but service was slow. I probably wouldn't go back anytime soon.The only thing this place has going for it is the atmosphere, and that's because of the patrons of the restaurant, not the staff.  The staff is among the most miserable people I've ever dealt with.  They're idiots, and they're rude.  They know they can afford to piss people off because they know someone else will come in and take their spot.  I never go there unless it's because a friend of mine likes to go there when he comes back to Philly.  This weekend I put our name in and was sent a text message saying 30-45 minutes, but was also told that unless my entire party was there I wouldn't be seated.  I was fine with that because they have a sign stating that, and that is completely fair.  However, when the rest of my party arrived it was too late for 2 so I changed it from 7-5, and was asked if my party was there, and I said yes.  The idiot old lady and another young girl both told me it would be 5 minutes that they were clearing a table.  30 minutes later I went and asked what's going on and the idiot old lady rudely says, "You have to have your entire party here", and I lost it and explained that just 30 minutes prior when she asked me I told her we were all there.  So then she starts going on that "when your whole party arrives your wait time starts over again and then I'm crazy if I think i'll be seated in 5 minutes on a saturday"  So I asked why would she tell me 5 minutes and she laughs saying I'm making it up.  So I said FUCK YOU get me a table.  She tried getting some guy to kick me out, and when i explained what was going on, he said just be careful what I say.  Then suddenly a table opened up for 5, and as usual the food wasn't that great.  The food there is mediocre at best.  Again, I never willingly go there on my own, but since a friend of mine and his wife like it I always go when they're home.  The atmosphere from the patrons, and the few on the staff who are friendly make up for the idiots.  Just watch what you get, because they spend cheaply on their food.  If you get a roast pork sandwich it's almost microwavable.  It's a half stale roll with cold Pork and some Provolone Cheese Spread.  You have to basically order idiot proof items.  2 people at my party ordered wings, and they were delivered in the same bowl.  2 orders in 1 bowl.  Their wings are OK, they're basically idiot proof, so they don't screw it up.  And there signature item which is easy to make at home is another idiot proof item.  They do taste good so I always order that.  I've basically come to grips that the best thing to order there is wings, and crab fries.  Before I was allergic to shell fish I used to go to the Robbins Ave location and eat Crabs, and shrimp and never once had a problem.  If you're in the NE and you want Chickies and Petes, try and go to the Robbins location.  It's also got a great atmosphere, and I don't ever recall running into any idiots on staff like the Blvd location.I've been here many times before however I have noticed a decline in the quality and service.
The server was nice but kind of clueless.  USUALLY when you order an appetizer and meal, the appetizer comes out first (unless specified otherwise).  Nothing came out in the right sequence.   
As for the food, the sweet potatoe fries and breaded calamari were good (the dip for the fries was too sweet...I asked for a container of their cheese dip).  The "steamed" clams were cold and dry.
Also, the wine tasted like koolaid.  I realize that this is a Sports Bar and hence most people order beer, but I expected something a little better.I'm not sure why I did this to myself. I ordered through uber eats today and we had it delivered. I haven't had Chickies in a long time so I figured why not. I ordered a cheesesteak with friend onions on a seeded roll. I didn't get the seeded roll nor did I get fried onions. My wife ordered the buffalo tender sandwich. It was so dry it was inedible, they looked like frozen tenders on a roll. Finally the crab fries. They were beyond salty and had so much old bay on them. While the sandwiches were hot, the fries weren't. For the prices he charges you get junk food and half sandwiches. I'm not sure I'll go back to Chickies or order from Uber eats again. Very disappointing.Soup was cold and took 10 minutes to reheat meanwhile the other person I was with has to watch me eat my sandwich. They bring the food all at same time and is a bad system. They act like they doing us a favor. Very disappointed and expensive take Millers anywayThis was my 1st time here and I really liked it. Me and my boyfriend ordered crab fries, a chicken cheesesteak and a bacon cheeseburger. Crab fries came out really fast and they were amazing. We weren't aware that the sandwiches/burgers don't come with fries so by the time the food came out we already ate all of our crab fries. Next time we will definitely ask for our food to come out with the crab fries at the same time. They forgot to put bacon on my boyfriends "bacon cheeseburger" but we didn't send it back. He said the burger was "ok", my chicken cheesesteak was juicy and overall delicious. Service was fast. Prices a bit on the high end considering the food doesn't come with fries.