Free drink refills and friendly service and allows Sundays off for all their employees? Awesome place to eat. All this an an airport location where customer expectations are low?!  
Good sandwiches and waffle fries are delicious. Good value.Why 2 star ? I came here first time. and I only lived few minutes away. the place seems  very clean. The lady that take my order was very nice,after waiting for around few minutes  the other lady which she gives the order to me was very rude and when she gives me the order she just throw it to me :( not just pass it to me . After I got my food I walked out the door and I check my order,  I order 6 large fries and somethings else but 1 large fries is missing so have have to go back to the store and this rude lady which the one give me the order. Same way she throw that fries in front of me. With the customer came back with the order is missing she didn't even apologize just throw the order to me and walked away. Not sure if I can give my business to them againThere is only one word in the English language to describe this Chick-Fil-A, Amazing! Even when it's crowded you get the fastest service. When I go, I go simple, and order the #1 (Chicken Sandwich, w/ order of waffle fries and a small drink). As soon as I order it they send it out to me ASAP, and I'm already sitting down eating. Other than the fast service, you get the best tasting food you can get. Waffle fries to die for, and the best chicken sandwich in Philadelphia.RIDICULOUS establishment!! I had to call corporate multiple times on a single employee think the name is Jasmine.  This young person has BY FAR THE WORST ATTITUDE EVER!!!!! Quick snapshot I am a public servant went through the drive thru to pick up my order which is NEVER an issue with any other employee I while in uniform asked can you apply emergency service employee discount? She said "WHAT" I again repeated myself same question she immediately turned her back and threw my bag of food on the counter and said I can't believe he wants a discount.  That made me be not so kind in response...my wife spoke to the manager and then called the corporate office they were going to look into it.  Fast forward about a month later went inside same location hadn't went there for a long time because of the little jerk employee she strikes me as the type that would spit in your food... anyway went in there with regular clothes on not sure if she recognized me from the month ago anyway she said "is there a reason you are looking at me?"  Again my response was not to kind as I wasn't staring or giving her any reason to say anything to me.. She just in true HOODRAT format I guess called herself challenging me! The manager while seemingly a nice guy has ZERO control over this little young employee to the degree my assessment was I have to reach a higher level to speak on this.  I know that CHICK FIL A everywhere and I have lived in many places has an extensive hiring process to include keeping Bokeefa and dem out dat spot.... through multiple interviews, ensuring no visible tattoos, no mixed hair color, assume a personality check.. Although the aforementioned person doesn't have the hair or tattoo issues the personality is indeed dysfunctional!! SO obviously they missed one!  Had to call Corporate again on the second incident they said they were sending someone to this location based upon second complaint on the same person! Again manager was a nice guy but lacked the control of the establishment! CHICK FIL A is not the cheap place to eat as such (fast food) u just expect a little better in the service department! Do better or change the staff!!! Other than that further up Roosevelt Boulevard is 100% always on point ZERO issues!!!!  Which in my opinion is the best option..... to ensure the correct location I am speaking of the TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE this was at Rising Sun Plaza at Roosevelt Boulevard and Adams Avenue! The one to go to is up by Red Lion Road!Of course Chick-fil-A is great. But this franchise consistently has the slowest service compared to any other franchise I've ever been to. Word to the wise, when you see a long line, move on somewhere else.My first time here and it was crowded. Nonetheless it was a very clean looking environment. I ordered the number 4 which was a spicy chicken sandwich. It came with the potato wedges that were nothing like anything I've ever seen but they were alright. The sandwich was delicious. 
I also bought a large strawberry milkshake which I can honestly say was the best I ever had. The employees all had a very upbeat attitude unlike the rude ones you get at the typical bottom of the barrel fast food spots.  The two cashiers who served me in particular were very energetic. After I said thank you they both said "my pleasure" which was a nice unique touch and a first. They probably say it to everyone but it was a nice note to end on. I will return to try out other items! 
*And they do have a play area with a slide for those of you with small childrenBest service d ever. I promise I thought I was somewhere outside of Philadelphia. I never thought to write a review on a chic Fil a but these guys raise the bar.Always had a good experience here! Staff is always great. Occasionally they have a small hiccup, which it's only human to have a mistake every now and then. They always make up and are sincere about their hiccups. The store is always clean. The staff is great. Definitely my favorite fast food chain when I'm want something tasty and fast!Now I finally understand what all of the commotion was all about. We don't have any Chik Fil-As near where I currently reside in Seattle. I've had chances to go in Cincinnati but the timing always ended up occurring on Sunday when the restaurants are closed.
Anyway, on a snowy Friday evening in Philadelphia I finally got my shot. I ordered the spicy chicken deluxe chicken sandwich meal. It came with waffle fries and a soft drink for a little more than $7.
The sandwich was outstanding. It did not need any type of special sauce. It was more than spicy. It had serious kick. I was surprised and loved that it truly brought some heat. All too often items are advertised as spicy that merely have a little interest. This sandwich was truth in advertising.
The employees were polite. It is apparently a company policy to say "my pleasure." The staff in this restaurant seemed to mean it.  Great job.Yes they food is good but the service is very slow and the drive thru takes way too long sometimes I want chic fil a before I got to work but they take too long and I won't get to work on timeThe service at Chick-fil-A far surpasses most restaurants I've been to. I sat down at a booth and someone brought me my food AND asked if I wanted a refill. I can't even get some waitresses attention at actual sit down restaurants. I love their spicey chicken sandwiches with pepper jack, and I normally sub out the fries for their small salad. Yes you heard that right, I actually wanted a salad. Their avocado ranch dressing is made by the hands of god and is downright amazing and worth sacrificing my waffle fries.My Boyfriend and I went on a Wednesday night around 6 or 7 PM to grab a quick dinner and it was packed. They were very organized with taking orders. There were tons of kids running around, and old people talking loudly, but it was full. If this sort of thing gets on your nerves, just remember its not an intimate BYOB downtown.I absolutely love this place. I wish there were more around and that they were open on Sundays. Those are my only complaints. Other then that there are no words to describe this place. I usually get the chicken salad sandwich which is amazing. I love their waffle fries and their chicken nuggets are the best.If u haven't had a chicken eggin cheese, than shame on you! This kicks Wheaties ass and is now the breakfast of champions! I saw Michael Jordan, Mary Lou Renton and that other guy that was on the cover of the Wheaties box all eating breakfast here together. I know what you're thinking, why not take a picture of those three, I thought the same thing right after I left and by then it was too late....... It was just too late :-(They have the best service by far that cant be beat. They really deserve up to 10 stars.Because the food is really , really good and served super fast and accurate. Anytime u go there its worth the wait. I even  like their iced coffee, and i never drink it elsewhere.  No body can compare to them. Their cob salad is delicious! And their soup.is good, chicken noodle. Just cant stop raving about thrm. They should have more stores.I've been a chickfila lover since the moment I came out of my mother's womb. I've never had a bad experience, have always been treated well, and preach to everyone the greatness of the staff who serve so well. 
But today, Chickfila disappointed me beyond belief. 
I was visiting from NYC and we ordered at the drive thru for our family of 7. The woman on the ear piece kept saying what and couldn't hear and even though we confirmed our order over the speaker and at the window a total of 5 times, they mixed up and forgot multiple items from our order. 
I won't be visiting this location again!Just like any other location I've ever been to good customer service. Fast service. Hot food. & u don't have to go through a song/dance for extra sauceI know it is a chain but this is my favorite fast food place. Great kids that work there and I love their milkshakes more than nifty fifties around the corner. Always get the same thing but if I am going to cave for fast food I will do it here.I try not to eat a ton of fast food but sometimes you need to due to time restrictions. I came here for lunch during rush hour and was pleasantly surprised how fast and accurate our order was. The cashier was very warm and inviting and seemed genuinely happy to take our order. The tables were nice and clean for the next set of customers. They even brought out our food when it was ready so we didn't have to wait at the counter. 
 I ordered chicken nuggets and I always need more sauce, she was very accommodating and didn't try to up charge me for my extra BBQ sauce. They will refill your fountain beverages for you at no additional cost. The food was very fresh and delicious.Amazing food ! Great Customer service and everything is ultra fresh. Amazing how nice everyone behavior is. Keep it up !i do believe this establishment follows the same mission statement as disney
i am sorry to be waxing poetic about a fast food place
but
no matter how long the lines are ....inside or out...
the service is swift, sweet, and scrumptiousWhen you consider all the fast food restaurants, you think the same for hear. But that's not the case, I don't consider here a fast food place, I consider it good food that's more on the healthy side. 
This is some of the best chicken I've had. Especially their sandwiches, the waffle fries are amazing, and there milk shakes are really some of the best. 
It's a great spot to go especially in the winter time with children they have a nice play area inside for the kids to enjoy themselves. 
Their menu is average, Great staff always polite, food is always warm never had a cold sandwich. With good menu price options. 
If ever get a chance try the breakfast, it's good. And worth getting. I'm more of the dinner kind of person when eating hear.I'm pretty much done with this particular location.  Every once and a while I'll drive by, hoping that things have improved, only to end up scolding myself for wasting my time yet again.
The first problem is with the drive through line.  It's always wrapped around the building.  That wouldn't be so bad if the line moved quickly.  It doesn't.  Plus, because the restaurant is nestled in a corner of the parking lot, you can't see how crowded it is from the street or even across the lot.  Since getting in and out of Whitman Plaza is a nightmare, it's a huge disappointment to get in there, see the length of the line, and then have to find your way out again...without any food.
The next problem is the inside of the restaurant.  It's always crowded with a million little kids milling about...and, of course, the parents are nowhere to be seen.  Then there are the beggars that they allow to wander around.  Sorry, but having your meal interrupted several times by bedraggled people asking you for money or food is...why I'd rather use the drive through in the first place.
Lastly, if you do manage to make it through the drive through without falling asleep or starving, don't bother asking for condiments like ketchup or mustard.  Even when THEY ask YOU if you want them, 9 times out of 10 they won't be in your bag.  "So," you say, "ask them if they put them in the bag when you're at the window or check the bag before you pull away," right? Well, I've tried asking them, been told several times that, yes, they put them in, only to find none in the bag when I get home.  As to checking the bag...after sitting in line for 10-15 minutes, the guy behind you is in no mood to wait while you rifle through all the bags looking for tiny containers of sauce.  That goes over just as well as when they ask you to pull forward because they have to "bring (something that's not done being made) out to you." You're sitting there, waiting for it, with one or two hungry carloads of people blocked in behind you, who now (finally) have their food but have to wait for your order of fries to be brought out.  Not good.
Other locations don't seem to have these problems.  I'll be going to them instead.This is one of my fav go to fast food lunch spot. I love their spicy chicken deluxe sandwich, and their waffle fries are to die for. Service is always excellent, I have never had issues with the staff here. The best part is that they NEVER mess up your order. And I love that they respectfully greet you and always say "my pleasure" when you thank them and not "uh, huh".The food at Chic-fil-A is tasty and consistent.  We typically get the signature chicken sandwich with American cheese.  We also get a side of nuggets.  I just found out that Chic-fil-A has Chic-fil-A sauce which is a cross between honey mustard and BBQ sauce.  The staff is great and always friendly.  They offer refills if you eat in and walk around to help people clear their trash.  I only wish they were open on Sunday's.Simply the best fast food restaurant 
I enjoy coming here 
Drive through or sit in 
Great food overallPoor service..... A real mad house at Lunch time and the poor service don't help I love these places but this is a bad apple got to the other one in Bensalem horizon plaza much betterI love chick-fil-a, but this one is the slowest one I have ever been to. I ordered curb side pick up and I waited for 30 minutes before I went inside and asked where my order was. Apparently it had been sitting on the counter for almost 20 minutes. Then, it took another 5 for them to give me my food that I could see sitting right there. One of the managers finally gave me the food and apologized. But I shouldn't have had to go inside to pick up my food when I ordered curbside. I've had this problem a few times with this particular restaurant and I'm not sure if I will order from this one again.Not only is the food delicious here, the service is also great!  The drive-thru employees always tell me it is their pleasure to serve me, and they gave my dog a biscuit when I drove thru with him.  The dining room is also great, they give you free refills on your drink if you ask, sometimes they even walk around the dining room offering refills and clearing your tray.  The line looks long sometimes, but it goes really quick.  Very well managed restaurant overall!This place has a new owner! He is always looking to do things right!  I'm sure this will be the best CFA in philly!Stopped here for lunch on a work trip and boy was it busy! There was a decent sized line but it moved super quick. Once i ordered, my food was ready in about a minute. Food was typical for Chick-fil-A, which is my favorite fast food place. Service was great, everyone was friendly. This location even has a play area for small kids. If in the area again I will stop back.First time trying chick fil a here and I loved it!!! Prob now my favorite fast food. 
I was not very hungry so all I got was te spicy chicken sandwich and waffle fries. Both were delicious and what made it next level delicious was the special sauce ( honey mustard + BBQ). It's great with the fries and I used some on my chicken sandwich too!!
Wish we had more of this chain in NY :/ though it may be good enough to justify a long drive when I have the craving!I hate fast food, but this is the only fast food I eat. I usually come for lunch, sometimes its super crowded, sometimes its not but on the days that it is crowded, they make the line go really quick. I never had an issue with any of the employees, one time I wanted the grilled nuggets but I said the number of the fried nuggets but said I want them grilled instead (politely mind you), I got a rude" WELL THATS A DIFFERENT NUMBER".  Well I'M SORRY, I wanted grilled today, don't have a cow! I have the app where I can get free things after a few purchases, I will keep returning for waffle fries and awesomeness!Wow, best service, speed, and cleanliness... Friendly environment and always packed but speedy service. I recommend this over the other fast food placesThis place is awesome!!!  I've been here for lunch and dinner. They staff is super friendly. I sometimes take my nephews to this location to play in their fun house. They sometimes have workers walk around to see if you need anything.  I stop here every time I take a trip to Philly.Very clean place.  Staff goes out of their way to ensure your satisfaction.   Recommend this location to everyone.It was weird , all white staff that did back flips for the black customers while I waited longer then all of them who were behind me in line . Food was OK but just a really weird experience  .Was there this past Saturday, drive thru was backed up so we went in. The place was very dirty, straws, food and napkins all throughout the lobby, food all over floor behind counter. We left. If it's that visibly dirty, basic food hygiene is probably being ignored as well.This location never disappoints from their food to the customer service. The curbside pick up feature is fantastic. Black Friday the drive thru was 15 cars deep. I ordered while in the car and packed in the dedicated parking spot and a nice young lady came out and delivered my meal to me.It has good food, and great service. I tried the spicy chicken and salad, and they were delicious. Must try once.What's there to say that probably hasn't been said already. Good food & pleasant atmosphere here..Me & my family favorite fast food. This location is always nice..gets real busy during lunch & dinner. Staff has always been polite & helpful.Always had a good experience here! Staff is always great. Occasionally they have a small hiccup, which it's only human to have a mistake every now and then. They always make up and are sincere about their hiccups. The store is always clean. The staff is great. Definitely my favorite fast food chainLove this location. The employees are always nice and respectful and the food is always fresh and hot. Yes it can get busy but it's Chick-fil-A they are always busy because the food is so good. I also like that they have events for the kids my kids love coming here.I ordered Chick-Fil-A through the DoorDash app, the official partner of food delivery for Chick-Fil-A. I was SO IMPRESSED. I did not feel like leaving my house on New Year's Day after being hung over and sick for five hours, and was so thankful to hear that Chick-Fil-A was open on New Year's Day AND that someone was available to deliver the food. Ordering was super convenient. I was able to track when the Dasher (the delivery guy) arrived at the store to pick up my food and when he was traveling to my house to drop it off. The Dasher was super polite when handing the bag to my fiance. The bag had many stickers holding down the folded bag, to ensure the food would be nice and warm and that nothing was taken out of the bag. The food was very warm when I received it (my house is a 10 minute ride from the location). The food was delicious and cooked to perfection. Thank you Chick-Fil-A for curing me of my hangover. I needed something that wasn't super greasy, but satisfying, and boy did they hit the spot. THANK YOU TO MY LORD AND SAVIOR, CHICK-FIL-A CHRIST. :)Come here pretty often and recently I have not been happy I ordered curbside the first time they forgot fries for 2 of my meals I didn't see until I got home and the fries are my favorite part. Another time I used curbside i did it because the drive thru was so long and I wanted my food fast I sat there for 30 minutes before receiving my order i was mad because the drive thru was moving faster then I was getting my food. Finally got my order and there was no sauce. I had to go inside and flag someone down because I was not waiting again. Other times i have went for breakfast at 6:30am before work, I ordered the chicken biscuit 3 days in a row they said the biscuits werent ready when they opened thats the only thing I liked so I left each time. how are you gonna have that on your menu but not have it available when your open. Today I went again for breakfast I was the second car in line for the drive thru and I sat there for 15 minutes you just opened how is there already a delay. I made it into work with no time to spare. I would go to another chick but this is the only one in the northeast. You guys really need to up your game.Ignorant ash only gave me 3 nuggets and no cheese on my sandwich and sprite instead of Dr PepperThe best chicken. Lightly breaded. Friendly staff. Even gives my dig a dog biscuit. Breakfast burritos are better than at mickey d's.My happy place. S/o the homegirl Mary who got refills on deck. The homie Danny C for hooking my boy up with the free chicken sandwich voucher. Shawties in the drive thru are beautiful too. Highly recommend:Great service, orders are always correct, and staff is always so friendly and helpful. Their spicy chicken (sandwiches and strips) are absolutely delicious, as is the Chic-Fil-A sauce. Their fries and non-spicy chicken are a little overrated IMO though still very good. The only bad thing is the place is always packed so the wait times are long.
5/5 stars because the spicy chicken and Chic-Fil-A sauce is mmm baby yes gimme more.Great food and service. The staff is friendly and always greets you with a smile. My go to meal is the chicken sandwich. It's the best chicken out there in my opinion. I love the waffle fries. For some reason, fries just taste better in waffle form! I haven't tried their breakfast yet but I definitely want to soon. I've heard many good things!Always clean, fast and consistent here. The best part is the service is impeccable with the friendly staff. They have people walking around and asking if we need anything such as sauce or a refill and that's what sets them apart from other fast food places. The nuggets are salty, sweet and crunchy all in one bite. The spicy chicken sandwich is best with the pepper jack cheese to add that kick. All you other gourmet burgers need to use this as a benchmark cause then you'll be getting business like them.Friendly, fast service. Quality food that is consistent and overall clean environment. Drive through is always packed but works fairly fast.Ordered curbside to avoid the crowd since I live right around the corner. Placed an order via mobile and drove about 5 minutes. As soon as I pulled up and parked in the designated area, a friendly staff member was bringing my order over. The drive thru, and inside was PACKED so this was definitely convenient. Food was hot as always.Slowest chick fil a ever! Got in line at 7:00 and wasn't even at the order station until 7:25!!!!!! Awful service, great food!This particular location at Whitman Square will definitely screw up your order. Do not pull out of the drive-through until you are absolutely sure you have what you paid for... It took three separate attempts to get the order correct... This is not rocket science folks... It's fast food OK? Let's get this right!I just love this place- awesome service- actual service with a smile. And good food! Never had a bad experience at this place yet! The chic fil a sandwich with extra pickles is my go to sandwich with a sweet tea or a black and white milkshake. Staff is always on point with service and friendliness. 
Must try the breakfast to if you ever come- the chicken egg and cheese on a biscuit is so delish!Usually good service but I am very disappointed today. My boyfriend and I went to Chick-fil-A for dinner and for starters, my boyfriend loves Chick-fil-A sauce so he asked for 8 and got 3. I ordered a side salad with my nuggets and I'm assuming they expect me to eat my salad with my fingers because I was not given a fork and their side salad if one of my favorite sides because of their peppers that come with it and I didn't receive a pack. I got charged extra for my salad so the least they could do is give me a fork. Not happy with their service tonight. I guess I have to start checking my bags before driving home like most people do if they went to McDonald's.My absolute favorite "fast food" restaurant! Sometimes it baffles me that it's considered a fast food restaurant because of how good the service is & how juicy their chicken is! The staff at this specific location are friendly and enthusiastic. They even bring your tray of food to you if you're dining in & sometimes they beat you to clearing your table for you! I've encountered many miserable beings at other fast food chains, but not at most Chick-fil-A's I've been to. My favorite thing to get is the Spicy Chicken Sandwich accompanied by their perfectly crisp Waffle Fries, oh & of course, a side of their Chicken Tenders as well! Yes, I go all out. No fry or chicken gets left behind. Everything goes right in here *pats belly*.So I love coming to this chick fil a bit it seems the gentleman there wants to be giving out money back to me is he a little lost or in other words I'd say thank you., normally be amazing  but any way staff there is so greatI love Chick-fil-A and I love the convenience of ordering ahead and not having to wait in that ridiculously long line. 
They do try and speed it up by having two lanes but boy it just didn't seem to move. 
Order ahead, tell them what space you're in and in a few minutes a friendly staff member will bring you your food.Excellent food ! Beats KFC , their spicy chicken sandwich was smoking' hot and delicious !!! Great waffle fries tooWe ordered a tray of nuggets and choose a pick up time. We got there a few mins after the pick up time and still had to wait 30 plus mins. I wound up having to get out of the car and wait by the employee door because no one was helping us. Once a nice woman listened she was able to get us our order but it was a longggg wait!Came here on Christmas Eve for another tray and this time the entire process was soooo smooth. I pulled into the designated pick up area and staff who were easily identified by their bright outfits came right up to
My window, asked me my name and walkie talkie'd my info to the inside staff. They directed me to check in via my Phone as well and within three mins I had my order which was hot and correct and I was out of there. That is the type of service chic fil a is known for and I would definitely come back again! Def recommend this location for trays and ordering in advance make the process so smooth!Without a doubt, Chik-fil-a is my favorite fast food spot for all of the obvious reasons. But mainly, I have never been disappointed with my food or service. Never. And that is no small thing for any business, let alone a fast food place. 
The food is always fresh and delicious. My favs are the chicken minis for breakfast (which are ridiculous) and the spicy deluxe any other time of the day. All the sauces are great but my personal fav is the honey mustard.
The staff is exceptionally trained and it shows. They are highly courteous and helpful and the place is always impeccably clean. 
My five star rating is in no way an exaggeration. They earned it.I love this place, play area for children is wiped down and kept clean as well as the the dining area and bathrooms. 
The food is always great, and every employee greets you in a welcoming manner and with a smile!!
Need extra dressing, "No problem" , nothing is ever a problem or inconvenience.
The management and the whole staff is just great !!
It does get very busy at times but it also moves quickly!!Very few fast food places can produce quality service and food! This place does that times 10! Great service, great food, great people! You get your food as you order and the shakes are amazing! Highly highly recommended!Even with a line a 1/2 mile long, still faster than other fast food places. Take a look at the ppl that work there and youll get it. 
The food was good as usual. Drive thru window was a little extra with covid precautions and they didnt give me napkins. Other then that, all goodI waited 30mins for a premade salad that I ordered online before arriving and saw three other ppl who ordered the same way I did receive their food and leave before I got mine. I understand that there are a lot of people but there is no reason people who arrived after me should have received food before me. I even called to check on my order twice and no one answered the phone. Don't waste your time going to this location if you're on a lunch break because I literally wasted my entire one waiting on something I now can not eat.Chick Fil A has to be my favorite fast food restaurant. The employees are always so nice. They have never messed up my order. They are also very quick at getting the food to you. Majority of the time I go through the drive thru and there's ALWAYS a long line, but it goes so quick.Most disgusting Chick-fil-A I have ever been to bar none. The floor so greasy hasn't been cleaned in a week I should come back with my Harvard  lawyer and fall down. 
I do remediation so I know that this is it not one days worth of Grease and all I got was excuses from everybody here we don't clean when people are here that was excuse that was given to me I hate excuses.
This is a weeks worth of Grease. Most likely they have something wrong with their vent system
This place is so bad I haven't even left yet before finishing this review that's how bad I thought I would never say that about Chick-fil-A I thought they had higher standards.
Unfortunately I ordered first whole time my stomach is turning circles.The Chick Fil A Spicy Chicken Sandwich was really delicious. Chick fil A is the Great Service in the State of Pennsylvania and the City of Philadelphia.Im not a huge chick-fil-a fan, the lines are crazy, especially this location, and its not in my top 5 for fried chicken. All that aside, they do chicken well. Their chicken sandwich is better than popeyes, which is something to have goin for them, and they really keep up the excellent service even with 500 orders, 60 yard length lines goin out the door into the parking lot, 70 drive thru orders, and people flippin out over wrong ketchup packets or somethin; they manage to get you a good lunch. God knows wat the drive thru has been like since covid.2 (fruit flies) I Assume in my lemonade. I have been on a chic fila binge for the past wk. Needless to say that is OVER WITH & I am DISGUSTED.I've been coming to this location since they've opened and NEVER had a bad experience. The staff are always so friendly and my order is always accurate. Great job! This is our "go-to" fast food restaurant.Seriously what can you say bad about this place..I went here today ..I received great quick service...if I come on a busy day ...I get the same great quick service ...I got the grilled chicken sandwich today and spicy chicken sandwich last week both were mmm mmm good...This location is seriously SO slow!! It doesn't matter the day or time, you should be prepared to sit in the drive thru at minimum 20 mins.
I visited this location a few times for breakfast and lunch and i have to wait each time. The most recent time, I visited at 11:30am and assuming it was the beginning of the lunch rush I expected it to be somewhat crowded. Well, it was crowded, it was just so slow, I entered the line at 11:31 and did not receive my order until 12:17. 
This all occurred within the drive thru. Since they have cones all over, you can't even jump out of line and leave, after you've been waiting forever.
I know everyone is short staffed. But, compared to the other locations like Neshaminy and Street Road, this location is a terrible. They used to be fantastic, I don't know what happened.This place ruins my diet, lol.  Just too good, love the iced coffee. I like the think they did with the drive through.I gave an extra star because the issue was resolved but I ordered breakfast on the app 10:20. The app tells you to then drive to the thru and tell the associate working drive thru that you have a mobile order. What the app does not tell you is that you have to let an associate know immediately which means that if you really want your food you must order and arrive and wait in the astronomically long line all before breakfast ends or your order doesn't get served. So I placed my order at 10:20, arrived at 10:25, waited in the astronomically long line for 20 min and then was told because breakfast ended before I reached an associate there would be no food for me. How absurd! Your order should be honored because you placed it within the time constraint of Breakfast served. I cannot believe they'd even let you wait in that line and then tell you oh we don't have any food for you despite the app telling you to pull up and retrieve your order. Now, after speaking with five different people, they managed to "find" a way to give me my order with some slight substitutions by 11:10. My confusion now lies at how 10:30 arrives and all of a sudden there is no breakfast. I assume they put it away or give it away but how can you say because of the time of day there is just no longer any food? That just doesn't make any sense. I know this is just an issue with the way the establishment works because their lines are super long any time of day. However, this solidified my thinking that orders on the app should be honored so long as the order is placed within the time constraint or the app should not avoid for you to place the order if the time assumed for the line wouldn't allow you to get the food in time.Terrible. Just look at how much fries they skimped out on my order. I guess this is typical Philadelphia fast food when it comes to ordering fries. Same always goes for all the Wendy's. They only fill it up half way. RidiculousI came here with my family last week for Fast Food Lunch, and although, it's the best for everyone to be honest. The Spicy Chicken Sandwich, one of my favorite meals at the Chick fil A Restaurant was absolutely fabulous and delicious but the thing I like the Beverages is the Ice, how did they do it?!the center city liberty place one in the food court - well managed and fresh because they are the most popular. (Or should I have said it's the other way around?)
The current manager has put in place some expediting measures that work. You're out of there in 15 minutes, even if the line looks long. And if you stay in the court to eat, a nice lady hands out wet wipes and a mint and a hope for a good day for obvious customers. A good idea.
for fast food, this is as good as it gets.Chick-Fil-A is the greatest place in the universe, as far as I am concerned.
Yes, it is a Fast Food chain.   Yes, they serve food.  Fast.  Cheaply.   Yes, the owner isn't there to get to know, or to listen to your comments and sit with you and your coffee or girly martini while you talk about politics.
HOWEVER, this place is amazing.  They are the only fast food chain to fry in peanut oil.   What does this mean?  It means that they continuously claim the "best for you" fast food crown.   Sure, this might be like a medal in the special olympics to some of you....but it goes deeper than this.  No stored are open on Sunday's.  They have higher minimum wage than Federal minimums.  Their chicken tastes great.  Milkshakes?  Hello?!
Oh, did I mention their managers are called store moms.   Awesome.
This place, as a business, has some values.  Whether or not they are YOUR values, I still think that says something.
PS.   Milkshakes.   Hello!
PPS.  Waffle fries here are to die for.  Maybe to die FROM, but not as fast as from other chains!Great chickfila.  It opens early and has a large selection.  The chicken biscuit I had was very tasty as always.  The staff was very generous about free refills.  All in all, I'm very happy with my experience at this particular chickfila.It is "my pleasure" to write this review.  
I was pretty skeptical when I stumbled across this Chick Fil A shortly after the one in the gallery closed just because it was in another food court.  I come from a college campus who houses 4 different Chick Fil A's and they were all run to a 5 star level, so my standards are high.  Unlike other food courts, including the gallery, this location is very clean and efficient.   
Many workers are constantly walking around and cleaning the tables, refilling drinks, and asking how your meal was.  This is something very consistent to their actual store locations.  Praises to the workers as well.  It's hard to find people who work hard and put a smile on their face in this city, especially at fast food places.  Just look at the 11th and walnut Wendy's.  This chick Fil a has very speedy, pleasant and helpful workers.   The line is always the longest line in the entire food court, but don't eat elsewhere because it never takes me more than 5-6 minutes before I'm pouring out that house Chick Fil A sauce all over my spicy sanger.  Im guessing it's because of the high volume, but the fries are always perfectly cooked and fresh.  Same goes for the sandwiches and nuggets.  
I also wanted to point out that there is now a chick Fil a phone app and if you download it you get a free sandwich.  Chick Fil A has the best fast food customer service out there and this location is no black sheep.  
Eat Mor ChikinThis is one of the best options for fast food in Center City. Going to this restaurant at lunch-time might feel like getting on a Tokyo subway, but there's a reason why it's so popular. This reason lies in its efficiency, which means speedy, professional (usually) service and tasty, well-prepared food. Props especially to "Big E" (I have no affiliation with him- I swear), who offers exceptional service. 
Now, if only there could be a "dress up like a cow day" for all the employees. That would be six stars on Yelp.Picture this. In from out of town to run the Rocky Race, woken up at 2am by the hotel's fire alarm, running the race at 7am in freezing temperatures, no Chick-fil-A in NYC (at the time), finding Chick-fil-A in Philly after a hard run race. 
Yes, I'm sure you can deduce from those circumstances that my four-star review is a little skewed. But hey, the spicy chicken sandwich and lemonade still hit the spot even if they aren't a Mens Health approved recovery food. In my opinion, a much better tasting option than some of the other fast food chains. Even my non-Chick-fil-A-believing girlfriend was won over on that day. Was running a race in the freezing cold the day's victory? Or having Chick-fil-A afterwards?
You tell me.Don't have this in New England so I had to try it. I told them I was no jawn. They were friendly people.
 I was not aware that only the deluxe came with the condiments
The manager gave me a happy meal, pamphlet and a free milkshake. Chose the oreo milkshake. I was happy. But it wasn't really a shake, more like a McFlurry.
My first experience at this fast food joint was great by. Happy meal and shake. KUDOS!Awesome, awesome.  From where I come from in Northern California, Chick-Fil-A's are a pretty rare fast-food restaurant.  I came here for breakfast one day and lunch, another.
The chicken biscuit (breakfast) was good.  It was served so hot.  The hash browns were also good, they could have stayed in the fryer a few seconds longer to get crisp.
The chicken sandwich was also good.  I've had this one before, but it's always good.  I've never had breakfast here, so it was unexpectedly good.  The fries I ordered with the standard chicken sandwich also weren't as crisp as I'd like.  It looks like either their fryers aren't hot enough or the timers are too short for the potatoes.
Really standard speed service as I've experienced at another Chick-Fil-A; it's good.This location has all the regular food items.  It is in a food court, so all the food is "to go".  I have been there often enough that sometimes I didn't have to give my name when ordering.Truett Cathy is my best friend.  I've loved this place since I've had my first taste of their chicken nuggets.
It's even better now with the addition of the spicy chicken sandwich.  I never knew the chicken sandwich could get any better.
It's probably not the healthiest food in the world, but they use 100% peanut oil for frying, and everything is fresh made their from their sandwiches to their lemonade.
My only qualm is the styrofoam cups that they use.
If you want super fresh food, ask for the fries without salt or the sandwich without butter and they will make you a whole new one.  (I haven't tried that , but I had a friend who worked there that gave me that tip.)Thank goodness: a Chick-fil-A that also serves breakfast (until 10:30).  The chicken biscuits are addictive.
Note: this location does not have the automatic "My pleasure" and other pleasantries that other Chick-fil-As usually have, but it's nice customer service by Philadelphia standards.  Why is customer service in Philadelphia so surly?  Must be a cultural thing.Customer Service: The Customer Service is the best I have seen as far as fast food goes.
Presentation: Relatively Clean. Long Lines. Longer waiting time.
Price: Little high for fast food. 
Food: Great chicken. I recommend the simple chicken sandwich. Very Tasty! 
Me: Get the Chick-Fil-A calendar. Its full of a ton of coupons.They source all of their meat from straight cis gender chickens.
At this location, it is not their pleasure to serve you, but it is creepy when they say that anyway.
I splurged for the large lemonade. The food court threw away my drink when I stepped away for just a second.  Fellow diners were complicit.  That is not Chik's fault, but who is going to quench my thirst? I will always be forever one lemonade behind.Chicken + honey + biscuit = Heavenly goodness. Four little sandwiches to brighten your morning and put a smile on your face. Out of the entire breakfast menu, these little guys are my favorite.Don't be intimidated by the line stretching all the way to the far wall of the food court. It is worth it. The line moves speedily, even at lunch time when you can see the back of the house is in pure chaos. I have always found the staff to be friendly, to say the least - I can't assure I'd still be polite after facing that many people in such a short time. My order has never once been messed up, and I'm astounded by that seeing how crazy it can get. The manager is probably the nicest, most personable manager EVER. Even when it's insane, he's always laughing, joking, and making sure the customers are satisfied. Once, a special coupon printed with my receipt, and he rang a bell and made a huge fuss about how special I was. Embarassing, yes, but a heck of a good laugh!
Chick-Fil-A is some of the only fast food I will go near, and for being so darn busy almost all the time, this is a pretty great location.I love this place, but the workers can get rude and nasty. During lunch time its a mad house. They wait is always doubled around the time. What they lack and customer service and speediness they make up for with their manager. He enjoys interacting with the customers and giving out coupons. Overall worht ignoring the oh so rude workers...5 stars for a tasty chicken sandwich.  Minus 2 for hating gays.  Minus 1 for making me feel like a hypocrite since I can't seem to stop eating there.This chick fil a is nestled within the food court. It is small, but has all the options of a full functioning chick-fil-a. 
The line can get very long during lunch. However, do not be intimidated because they have a great system. You wait in line, and while you are in line, chick fil a employees will bring you a tablet and they will put in your order. When you reach the counter, you simply give them your name, pay for your order and they'll hand you your food. It is very quick and simple!I indulge in Chick Fil A for lunch once every couple of months.
After my excellent dining experience yesterday I felt compelled to write a review. 
I arrived around 1:30 expecting a line but hoping to avoid the lunch rush.  Unfortunately, I came across the longest line I have ever seen at this location.  I was apprehensive because I hate lines, but I had a Chick Fil A gift card I wanted to use so I reluctantly entered the queue.
My patience paid off - the line moved efficiently and I was through the line and delivered my food in no more than 5 minutes.  My spicy chicken deluxe combo was perfectly executed.  The sandwich was neatly constructed and fresh.  The fries were hot and crisp.  My bottle of water was cold and quenched my thirst.
I've been to this location at least 10 times.  There is always a line of sorts, but the line is handled efficiently with prompt, but courteous, service.  The food is always hot and fresh.  5 stars is warranted for darn near perfect execution of their business concept every time I've lunched here.I normally would not review Chick-Fil-As, or other fast food chain restaurants for this matter, but I just had to had to review this one. Why? Because my discovery of this place made my day, week, month and is still continuously making me happy. 
Growing up in the south, Chick-Fil-A (and sweet tea) is a staple. I even knew what items not on their menu that you could order!
Then, I left for Northern California (where at the time, there was no Chick Fil A, but now there is!!!), then I moved farther away out of the US, where there really wasn't any Chick Fil A. So imagine my excitement when I moved to Philly and saw the Chick Fil As on Columbus and in the Airport! Problem is... I don't have a car, and they are just too far away for me to make a trip out of it just for fast food.
Luckily, my Chick Fil A sensing skills are really great. I was walking down 16th and saw someone carrying a Chick Fil A bag. I knew it couldn't be far, but having never gone inside the Liberty Plaza mall, it took me a while to locate this Chick Fil A in the food court. It's in the very back of the food court, and there's generally a long line at lunch. They offer the full menu, and it's pretty standard. They are generous with all the sauces, so just ask!
Another reason I like this place is because I was randomly selected to fill out a customer satisfaction survey for a free sandwich, which they made a big deal of with this clapper they used.
5 stars for quality fast food but minus 1 star for being so darn sneaky and hidden in the food court of a mall that I wouldn't even call a mall.I came here because I found this location on Yelp (and there is no Chick Fil A) where I live. The location is in the Liberty Center food court. It is not apparent when you top the escalator, but it is there toward the back of the food court.
The food is Chick Fil A fare. The lines can be long, but we're not on two of my three visits.
I was disappointed that they were completely out of breakfast by ten one morning. This is where I took a star.
The great thing about this location is a man (whom I assume is the manager) named Big E (Ed). He is boisterous, happy, and super enthusiastic. His kindness and positive attitude seemed infectious. Two other employees (who have been there on my other visits) Kira and Brentni are also first-rate.
It is not often you get great service anywhere, and some other Chick Fil A's I have visited seem a bit too forced in their "my pleasure"'s. Not here. Love the enthusiasm.This chain's food is usually excellent, but this particular location was a disappointment. Their original sandwich was smaller than I've had anywhere else. Plus, this location is too small to handle the crowds there. They have employees taking orders in line, which helps, but it's confusing at the registers because some (not me) tell the cashiers they already ordered, not knowing they just need to give their name. They've got some employees loudly stating "Next" to move the customer line, and other employees loudly stating customer's names to get their completed orders. Getting additional salt and ketchup can be challenging. Employees are walking all over each other and space is extremely limited. Customers are standing every which way waiting for their order. It's a disorganized mess which could have been planned better. If they could expand their register area, it could run more smoothly and less like the Three Stooges where Moe usually says, "spread out".People preparing food can be heard while they make it. I don't think talking about all the girls they slept with from the night before is an appropriate conversation.
Not only that but only one of the two girls working was pleasant. I unfortunately did not get the nice one. Marishella or whatever her name is was beyond rude wouldn't even look me in the eyes and just held her hand out after giving me my total. Dropped my changed in my hand and yelled...next!!!!!
Salmah was an absolute sweetheart and beyond polite to her customers and to me when she handed me my food. Would never go there again. Place is dirty looking.I love this chick-fil-a. They are so nice. I accidentally ordered the wrong meal and didn't notice until after they gave me the food. They apologized, gave me a full refund, and let me keep both meals for free. Best customer service ever!I've only recently jumped on the Chick-Fil-A bandwagon, and I'm not disappointed! 
This particular location is in the food court of a mall, and there is almost always a long line, which is a testament to how good the food is. The service is quite nice as well, assuming you catch the person at the register during a non-rush hour period!
My go-to's are the grilled chicken nuggets, the spicy chicken sandwich, or the chicken strips. The grilled chicken nuggets are good in concept, but in execution are only mediocre. They are pretty decent pieces of meat, but often times they have no shape and look like a misshapen jumble of grilled chicken, making it quite unappetizing. The meat quality is good enough, although I've bitten into unknown things once or twice.
The spicy chicken sandwich is always delicious, and is made even more delicious with Polynesian sauce with every bite!
The chicken strips are probably my favorite things at Chick-Fil-A. They are a decent size, fried evenly, and seasoned nicely. My go-to sauce at Chick-Fil-A is usually Polynesian, but these chicken strips come with a honey-roasted BBQ sauce that is easily one of the best sauces I've tasted in my life.
I would say the grilled chicken strips deserve 3 stars, the spicy chicken sandwich gets 4 stars, the chicken strips get 5 stars, and the sauces get 5 stars as well.Yeah it's a chain... So what. Yeah, its fastfood.... And? Chic-Fil-A is just plain good. I'm almost positive they add a secret chemical that makes you crave it... MSG? don't care. I'll come here once a month tops, but in the days leading up to that once a month experience I'll be fantasizing about the glorious waffle cut fries and the fried to perfection chicken patty. Its good. 
Today they were especially nice. Duders came out swinging with free nugget samples then free sanitizing wipes to all the people eating at Chic-Fil-A in the food court.This location constantly surprises me. It's run by a team of young people who always seem dedicated and proud of the work that they put in. The daunting lines always seem constant and unending, but the employees never flinch. The employees work hard and get through the lines quickly. I don't think that I've ever waited more than 2-3 minutes in line. The only exception is when I've come when they're shifting between the breakfast and lunch menus. The staff works incredibly hard, and is always giving my meals consistent quality. With the friendly staff and quality food, I find that I am often getting friends to give this location their business. They're doing everything that a business should do, and doing it really well.As a frequent lunch spot this place gets packed during regular lunch hour. The staff does a wonderful job at trying to get people in and out. A cool feature that they have is staff members taking orders via iPads so the line moves quickly as they. All you have to do is go to the register pay and grab your food. There is a woman that comes around if you are dining in upstairs come around passing out mints and wet wipes. It's a lovely gesture and this location isn't the worse.Lousy food, and even worse owners. They support extreme right wing conservatives. Avoid at all costs.I love Chick-fil-A esp their Asian salad and the spicy chicken sandwich. I just hate the line here! The line moves fairly quickly, but the wait for your actual order is dreadful. And to make it worse, when they call out your name, you can barely hear them bc the mall is so ridiculously loud! They need a better system...just not sure what they can do to make things faster.
But, a plus is that service here has always been very very nice.After much hearing about this place I HAD to try it. I've been in philly for 1yr and I've never heard of this place until 3wks ago. Everybody looked at me like i had two heads when I said I never heard of a chick fila.
Most times when i journey into the city, I'm usually already heading to a dinner spot to stopping by this place is not an option. Well I had to work in the city today by univ city and I decided to take the train in the opposite direction from home just so I can try this place. I was starving cause I hadn't eaten all day and it was afterwork.
Anyway, I took my train over to the liberty place. I ordered the chicken club sandwich, small fries, and small chocolate milkshake. 
I really liked the thickness of the milkshake but it could have been more chocolately...perhaps more chocolate syrup?
Fries were tasty...not out of this world but they were good. not too salty either.
Now for the main meal, the grilled chicken was also not salty which I appreciated as I'm tired of eating salty grilled chicken.
Overall I was very stuffed...the caloric intake was about 1300 which was okay considering that it was my first meal of the day and the time was 530pm...so it was okay with me.
I'll go back BUT i don't eat fast food frequently so I won't be heading here no time this yr, plus it's not on my way home or around where I live so another reason this place won't be seeing me for a very long while. however, I will keep the name in my head for whenever I'm on the road and I run into another franchise.In the middle One of the busiest part of Philadelphia, this place was a pleasant surprise. The service is always incredibly quick and you can always find a table inside liberty place. The staff is friendly and work hard, and are quick to fix mistakes.Chick-fil-a consistently has some of the best chicken around.  This location in particular can get crazy busy during lunch hours but the lines are usually efficient and the service is quick.  Unlike other Chick-fil-a's, you may not get the usual smiles and "my pleasure" response to "thank you" but Big Ed is often seen smiling and establishing order to the chaos.  Despite the hectic pace, they get the orders right, and the food is on point.  Chicken tenders are always juicy and not dry with the right amount of crisp on the outside and the waffle fries are seasoned just right.  You just have to remind them on the sauce you want with your chicken and waffle fries.
Seating is within the food court area of Liberty Place, and there is plenty of it!
Enjoy some delicious chicken!I always go to chick Filaduring my lunch break & get the Cobb salad. This particular time 90% of the leave were withered brown and slimey! It was absolutely repulsive!! Called and talked to owner, Fred who stated he would replace it but couldn't make it back because I had a meeting. Check your leaves before you eat them!!Big E is the zoom that makes this place go. Food is regular chick fila fare. the lines are always too long, but it does move relatively quickly. im not sure why they have one long winding line though. but seriously, they need to give Big E a raise since he's more than half the reason we keep going back.What can I say? Even though the staff often looks like they could give a damn if you want a #1 or not, they're fast and consistent. And, yes, I do want a #1.There's no Chick-Fil-A in SF so when I was walking around exploring Philly in March of last year and saw them in the Penn Center, I was so excited. I grew up eating Chick-Fil-A in TX so it's a nostalgic thing. I always get an order of their chicken nuggets and a deluxe chicken sandwich with Polynesian sauce. That sauce, so addicting! The line here is fast but my gripe is the actual wait for the food. Takes forever and a day, especially when you're hungry. =/ It's in the food court upstairs so there's plenty of seating.Okay so I don't know what happened in the last two years since I wrote that review but CHick-Fil-A has really stepped it up!  The employees are very nice, courteous, and service is fast and organized.this location is always fast!!!  they even have a lady who will walk around to the tables and re-fill your drinks if you want! 
the food tastes standard to all chick fil a's i have been to.  i have absolutely no complaints about this place. 
and there is someone who dresses up like a cow, but he stands down on the street, not in the gallery.  :)I am not obsessed with chick fil a and the long lines make it annoying to come to this location. Be aware that if you have a lunch hour you should try to come early to beat the line that wraps around the corner. 
DO NOT ORDER A PARFAIT: I know that I probably am the only person to order a parfait, but I was not expecting the fruit in it to have mold on it. They claim the parfaits are made daily in the morning but clearly that is not true. When I showed them the parfait they did refund my whole order (which was nice), but I will obviously never order a parfait again.Not feeling the Chik Filove. The staff here was pretty rude. I live in Atlanta and employees take great care of you there. We asked for fries instead of tots with out biscuits at 10:25am. They told us we couldn't do that and we would have to pay full price for fries and soda. So our regular order of $14 ended up costing us $18. Then we waited over 20 minutes to get our food. Absolutely ridiculous.They got my order wrong and were missing an item.  These guys aren't careful with ensuring that the orders are correct so always double check your order in front of them.  They are essentially stealing from customers by short changing them for items that they paid for.The manager here knows how to run a proper fast-food establishment.
The counter girls are well trained and polite. 
The food comes out hot/fast.
The line can get pretty long during lunch hours, especially on Fridays but it's never taken me longer then 10 minutes from start to finish.
Chick-Fil-A is the best, and this is the best outpost I've visited in the Philadelphia area.
Closed on Sundays but thats not their fault.I'm always satisfied but I'm Not Happy this location doesn't have Mac and Cheese on the menu yetThis Chik-Fil-A is just OK.  Not as good or well run as the stand-alone shops in the suburbs - but the service is quick - and my little one loves the Chik-Fil-A nuggets kids meal.
Chik-Fil-A is just about the only fast food I ever let her eat.  We are not proponents of it.
I enjoy the side salad (minus the cheese) and it comes with (fattening) tasty croutons and honey roasted sunflower seeds.  If you ate all the condiments and dressing Chik-Fil-A offers with the side salad - you can easily pack away 500 calories.  Sheesh.
So be careful out there folks - it's a nutritional mine field - but it's decent fast poultry.  And your kids will eat it. (Not sure how great of a thing that really is.)This location can get very crowded, since it is in the Liberty Place food court, but they move out very quickly, and always take your order while you're waiting in line. The food is also nice and hot when you get it; and the employees are always very kind and willing to help you with whatever you want.I come here every so often for lunch because it's convenient from where I work. There's nothing spectacular about it but it's not the worst fast food place I have ever been to. 
The customer service could be better. I understand that the employees are ALWAYS busy but putting a smile on your face is the #1 rule in customer service. 
The food is just okay. There's nothing to rave about and there's nothing to complain about either. Sometimes, the food could be a little too crispy of burnt but I would rather have too crispy than undercooked.
The line is long 95% of the time but everyone tries to keep it moving at a steady pace. However, it seems as though no matter how simple your order is, it will take a few minutes to get it. 
Lastly, if you want sauce, ask for extra. Sometimes, they forget to add the sauce in the bag or they do not add enough.Due to the two most recent experiences I have had here, I had to give Chick 2 stars. 
My meal when I order here is always the chicken nugget meal. The past few times, some of the nuggets in my 8 piece were undercooked. I had to spit out at least one nugget. Guys, it is not difficult to make nuggets! Please get it together!
On my most recent trip, the cashier handed me my ketchup. The ketchup had goo all over the outside of the packet! My hand was so sticky, as well as my purse when I stuck the ketchup in my bag. I spent at least 5-10 minutes washing my hands and cleaning the outside and inside of my purse before sitting down and eating. I ended up throwing out half of the ketchup packets that were given to me. Disgusting!I cannot understand the attraction to their food. Sure I can appreciate fast food once in a while, McD's fries or an In-N-Out burger, but I really just don't like the taste of Chick-Fil-A food. It is incredibly overrated - maybe CFA's fans got hooked during childhood or just want some cheap calories?
And lately with CFA's hiring practices coming to light (including religious, racial, and marital questions) as well as CFA's donation of sandwiches to a group opposing gay marriage, I would avoid CFA even if I did like the food.Chick-fil-A is a great spot to grab a meal to go or to eat here. In the middle of the food court in the mall, it's one of many options, yet every time I come it's always packed. That is one thing about this location, the line is always long. Overall though, the service is good, and the food is always great! I've never had any issues with getting my food other than waiting some time, and it always comes out fresh. Nothing really hits your chicken cravings quite like Chick-fil-A. My latest run: 8 pc Chick-fil-A nuggets with Chick-fil-A sauce. A centerpiece in the chicken diet.Not quite sure what to say here, I mean it's Chick-Fil-A chicken Tendies.. So of course they're going to get the 5 stars. Love ordering here when trying to get great platters for the office. Great service when stopping here in person.Had to wait and subsequently made my friends wait for 30+ minutes.
And they didn't give me the fucking fries which I paid for!This Chick-fil-A will have a super long line but will get you out of the line within 5 minutes with the correct order and then some.Food sucks badly (at least to me).
Although I am not a huge fan of Chick-Fil-A, I am being honest.
The chicken here at this place sucks.  I don't know about the rest of the Chick Fil a's in the world, but the one @ The Gallery is much better.  
No matter when I have chicken from this place, it seems wet.  Either they have it sitting too long, or have it in too much grease.  
The sodas are great, and so are the fries which I absolutely love!!!
I guess you get what you pay for here....Like all chick fil as, this one serves all the typical delights you may require. This location is located in the food court. 
There is amole seating and many other food locations around it. 
This is my favorite place to go to when I do visit the shops here.  Service is quick and the food is definitely up to chick fil a standards at other locations.The lines are long and service is slow. But they deliver the usual delicious Chick-fil-A sandwiches and fries. After you order u are stuck waiting in a crowd and the noise level makes it hard to hear your name when your order is ready. It's far from my favorite Chick-fil-A but its good in a pinch.Chick Fil A tastes great, unfortunately this one is mismanaged. It's probably a function of the space they are working with and the demand. Demand, outpaced supply, always. Don't bother going when they open, there's no food. You go later, and there's a long line. Don't order a nugget party tray because they'll give it to the guy who ordered it 30 seconds ago instead of the responsible person (that being me) who preordered it that morning. 
Just don't go with high expectations, you will be disappointed in one way or another.The customer service is horrible . I've been coming here since I was in high school 12 years almost and this location seems to become more tacky as the years go by . The owner needs to review his staff and do a makeover . For one you can be ugly with a beautiful attitude and make up for it , but you can't be mean and ugly and wait on people . UghhhhhOnly ever been here in the morning, but every time I've been here, they've always completed my order correctly, quickly, and the food temperature was always great. Given that, I can only determine that the branch is well managed. A+. Will definitely continue to come here for breakfast.Service is quick, but lines at lunchtime are very long. Be patient, they are doing their best.   CFA has now offered salads for a few years and I enjoy the Cobb Salad, no cheese, grilled chicken instead of fried nuggets.  It's still not healthy as it is loaded with bacon, but it tastes good.  The Avocado Lime Ranch dressing also tastes great, and adds on 310 cals per pack.  I try to use less, but sometimes I cave.
CFA is about the only fast food we eat. My vegan teen loves the waffle fries.
CFA is taking over the nation. I wish their political views were more in line with mine, but they just aren't.  Not LGBTQIA friendly.I love it at Chick-fil-A. Yes there is a BIG line but really it is nothing to be mad about... I see some people mad about it but the workers are trying there hardest to go fast and they are. The line is worth the wait. And the food comes out SUPER fast and it is still probably the best fast food I ever had. Chick-fil-A keep up the good work!* FAIR WARNING: if you come here during lunch hours you will be waiting for a minute as this is the only Chik-fila in the center city/Rittenhouse area * 
I always order on my phone and walk over to pick up my order. Chik-fila is a classic and it really never disappoints. During their peak rush times you must 100% check your order (to-go or not) as they 8/10 will forget something in the bag. I'm not saying something big like a sandwich or fries I'm talking about napkins, a sauce you requested or utensils. So not a biggie per se. 
I'm a Chik-fila app member and they are always sending me free rewards so I really can't complain lolQuick service, delicious icedream cones. It seems to always be busy at this location which is understandable as it's the only one in the city. You really can never go wrong with chick fil aI try to go early when I have a craving for chick- it gets crazy busy during peak lunch hour but they have seemed to manage it pretty well with order takers beforehand and you can just pay when you get to the counter!
The waiting corral is a little messy- people standing around straining to hear their names being called- it's a bit of a pain when you have a drink and need sauces- they don't give you a bag, so you are standing juggling all these things until your order is up. That being said, the food is always consistent and the waffle fries are the best!Quick service, delicious icedream cones. It seems to always be busy at this location which is understandable as it's the only one in the city. You really can never go wrong with chick fil aI continue to be impressed by this Chick-fil-a! I recently went towards the end of the day when there was a crazy long line! With people getting off from work and kids getting out of school it was nuts. But each employee stayed calm and collected and moved the line along quickly. I was very impressed with how fast my food came out. 
As always, Chick-fil-a customer service didn't fail to impress and this location was no exception! As the only chick-fil-a in center city Philly, they have handled the volume of customers so well time and time again. 
I've always been happy with the quality of my food and the accuracy of the orders too. Overall, very pleased with this location and definitely will be back.I'm surprised at the low reviews for this chick-fil-a. I've been here more times than I care to admit, and I've been impressed by the customer service and taste each time. One caveat is the long-ish wait (10 min) for fast food --but this is only because of its long line and popularity. 
The cashiers are always nice, prompt, and generous with the sauces. They have NEVER gotten my order wrong, which has not happened at ANY fast food restaurant I've been to in Philly. Free refills are available for the lemonade and the sodas! The food, especially the fried chicken sandwiches, taste fresh and are made of high quality, tender chicken. It tastes like something you would get at fancier restaurant (applebees, ruby tuesday, chilis, etc). 
Like I said, the only drawback is the wait--it easily has the longest line of any restaurant at the food court. Definitely worth it though!
Things to order: spicy chicken sandwiches, frozen lemonade drinkWhat can I say - they're consistent.  When I dread the thought of trying to find something to eat during a layover, I come here as a back up.  I have yet to have a horrific experience at a Chick-Fil-A food-wise.  This particular location isn't the friendliest one I have been to, but at least their chicken sandwich tastes the same as their other locations.Looking for a decent chicken sandwich, then give them a try for the two people in the country who haven't. I look the spicy chicken sandwich. It's spicy (obviously), served hot and reminds me of chicken you get at Nashville hot chicken places.
The line goes fast & even though you may be in Philly, the staff sometimes is friendly!Food is excellent. The staff are full of sass. One customer was confused where the line was and came to the cashier directly. The cashier directed her to the back of the line and then complained to her colleague "can you believe people are stupid enough not to know where the line is?" Just a lot of ballsy backtalk in front of customers.
The food is, as usual, amazing. Unfortunately, this location only serves a limited menu, so no chicken strips, grilled styled nuggets/strips, kids meal, salads, ice cream, etc. They do have the lemonade though.
The line moves quick, and the food is freshly fried because of the steady stream of customers.
Despite the attitude, the cashier still says "my pleasure," the Chick-fil-A way, when you thank them. I still frequent regularly, but caution to those easily offended or upset.More reliable than any of the sit down restaurants in the airport. You can't go wrong with chicken nuggets and fries, they go perfectly together and the chicken was very crispy and flavorful. At other locations I've gotten less crispy chicken that has been unsatisfying. The classic chicken sandwich is good as well. Service was fast and not overly polite which I honestly prefer over service that makes everyone feel special, in an airport at least. I always feel safe spending money at chick fil a because I know I'm going to get quality.No chicken nuggets and no lettuce when we stopped by for lunch. And rude service to top it all off  it is the holiday season and I'm sure they've had a long day but damn girl, no need for the attitude.I'm so happy that there is a CFA in the Philly airport as I love CFA. This one is located between terminals A/B and C along with lots of other food options and shopping. I stopped in here for breakfast before my morning flight and the line was pretty long, but kudos to CFA for moving that line along quickly! Staff was friendly and the overall counter area looked clean and kept up. Would certainly go back here.This location is fine; it is very fast so don't let a long line turn you away.  However, I guess (based on a sign on the wall) that it's not run like a regular Chick-fil-A; it's run by a large company that runs multiple restaurants at the airport.  Thus it doesn't have the TLC and sweetness that a typical Chick-fil-A has (a typical one is run by a solo operator who has only one location and really focuses on making it great), and it also has a more limited menu; the healthier options seem to be missing from the menu here.
However, it's Chick-fil-A, and it's accessible to people who don't live near one but are flying through PHL.  I had the most amazing Chick-fil-A chicken biscuits at this location: sweet, warm biscuits with fried chicken in the middle: to die for!Watch out for some sass from one of the cashiers that mumbles if you come here early in the morning. When you talk under your breath, the customer is going to ask you to repeat yourself. I ordered the bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit sandwich meal which came with hash browns and a drink. The sandwich and hash brown was very comparable to what you can get at McDonald's. However the coffee was crap, one of the worst tasting I'd ever had. There was a nice seating area in the food court with many big screens displaying all of the flight information so you don't forget to go catch your flight!We love Chick Fil A!!!    Nuggets, tenders, chicken sandwiches, lemonade, waffle fries.  We love it all!  Service is always fast and friendly and food is fresh.  We are so happy that at least layover at this airport was worth the aggravation of a missed flight. We even brought some to WA and then on our way back home, we stopped again, ate and brought home.  Happy until we find another one.Flying home out of PHL. Stopped here. Had the sweetest most delightful young lady wait on me. Dana. Thought she deserves the recognition. You don't see much of that in PhillyI travel quite a bit, and, as a Southerner who has been living in the sparsely Chick-fil-a-populated Northeast for eight years, I must say I plan my air travel connections around where I know some waffle fries and fried chicken ambrosia can tickle my palate between flights where Cindy Lou Who's long lost twin barks at me to shove my bag further under the seat in front of me and listen to her damn safety demo. Of all airport Chick-Fil-As, I must say this one in Philly never fails to put a smile on my face. Rocky Balboa can sprint all the hell he wants up the steps of the art museum, but rest assured: that chump is a slow mofo compared to the sprints I have made from the end of terminal B to the food court with 45 seconds to spare before the breakfast shutoff. Sorry, middle-aged lady from Kansas that I just mowed down with my Samsonite...PAPA BEAR HAS A CHICKEN BISCUIT TO GET TO!
If Americans are supposed to view the St. Louis Arch as the Gateway to the West, then we sure as hell need to view the Chick-fil-A in the Philadelphia airport food court as the Gateway to the South. Not only does it acclimate a body to the joy that comes from fried food (from 100% peanut oil, according to their cups. No trans fats! Praise Jesus!), it is the first time a haggard Northeast soul may have experienced Southern hospitality in quite some time. No matter what goes down in an exchange with an employee here, it is capped by the employee putting on a smile and saying sweetly, "My pleasure." I shit you not...you could be the biggest troll (and trust me...if you've ever been to the Philadelphia airport, you will know there are more than a few trolls, knaves, and goblins haunting those halls), and any of the fine, upstanding employees here are going to tell you it was their pleasure to do whatever complicated ass order and trifling extra dipping sauce request you had. Five packs of Polynesian for your chicken minis? Her pleasure. Hot sauce for that chicken sandwich and maybe double cup that Diet Coke to avoid pesky cup condensation? Her pleasure. An extra three packs of Polynesian that you're clearly just stealing at this point for use at a later date because it's just that good...or so I've heard? HER DAMN PLEASURE (even if she did grind down her molers from faking a smile to your jank ass request). 
Beyond offering customer service akin to the Four Seasons at an airport food court, Chick-Fil-A PHL really knows how to deliver a clucking good meal to passengers. Now, before you start getting fancy and wanting that delicious, exotic spicy chicken sandwich, know that is going to have to wait another three hours until you land south of the Mason-Dixon and you can lie to your mother and pretend you haven't had anything to eat all day and go straight from baggage claim to a full-service brick and mortar CFA. This is just a quick, in-transit mode CFA. All basics like the glorious regular fried chicken sandwich, the simple chicken biscuit that could bring a tear even to Vladimir Putin's craggled face, and WAFFLE FRIES are offered...and not a lot more, but why do you need more? This is more than enough to give you a fix of the good shit before having to endure a middle seat next to someone who is probably going to assault your nostrils with some heinous, leaky creation from Currito's Burritos in Terminal A (yes, that was a read). Really, if I haven't convinced you to stop flying anywhere BUT Philadelphia, you're just a lost cause who probably brings their own trail mix on flights and sips herbal tea. LE SNOOZE! BUT if you're in the middle of the food court at PHL right now about to make Sophie's Choice between Popeye's and Chick-Fil-A...I think you know which one to toss down your pelican gullet.Food was great,  but that's not hard.  Apparently customer service is. It wasn't just me who noticed and it wasn't just the one person who served me.  I intentionally go to Chik-fil-a because of the service,  though the opportunity is few and far between. Manners people!Don't hate me - I live 2 hours from the nearest Chick Fil A and it's become my tradition to pop here before I get on the plane, get the sandwich meal (oh, those waffle fries!) AND also get a sandwich to go for the second leg of my trip.  I pity the people who have to sit next to me on the plane and watch me slowly savor my sandwich.  I always ask for extra pickles and they always oblige.No chicken nuggets and no lettuce when we stopped by for lunch. And rude service to top it all off  it is the holiday season and I'm sure they've had a long day but damn girl, no need for the attitude. 
Update: 
I got a call apologizing for the incident and the person who made the call was extremely nice.Had a 3 hour layover, and was so glad to find this place in the AM. They serve their full lunch menu during breakfast time so it was great. Had some hash browns with their famous breaded filet. Made the layover go by a bit quicker.I have only been to a couple of Chic-fil-A. And of those times, the workers at Chic's seem a little nicer than other fast food joints. Even in Philly, they were quite pleasant. I digress. had an early morning flight with a layover in PHI. Was glad to see a Chic fil A here. Got some breakfast chicken sandwiches. They were fresh and good. Was a happy way to start a vacation,I have this 2 stars instead of 1 because the lemonade never fails to please me. However, the service was absolutely s***. 
A good experience is a combination of good food and good service. The cashier, Jaisa, was the rudest person I'd encountered this morning. I ordered a diet lemonade, and emphasized diet, and I witness her pour a regular lemonade. I nicely reminded her that I wanted a diet lemonade and her co-worker friend, who's just meandering about doing nothing, tells her she poured a diet. No, I saw what I saw. She still hands me regular, with an attitude that made me want to chop her in the head, and doesn't even say bye, later, nothing. I mean, I ain't about to drink my calories for the day so I go to another cashier who switches out the drink for me. What could have been a raving review turned in a sour Me fiddling away at my keyboard. Speaking of sour, the lemonade (diet) was excellent.This is rating their.customer service.  The food is just like any other chick fil a restraunt, but the service I got was amazing for a fast food restraunt!  I ordered two burgers for my friends back home and asked for 6 chick fil a sauces.  She asked why so many?  I said cause we dont have this back home.  So she took it upon herself and gave me a total of 10!  :)  sooo nice!!! And not at all shady.
The chick fila sauce is BOMB.COM.Ok location, but a bit less personable than most Chick-Fil-A locations.  Tasted good as usual.Rarely does Chick Fil-A disappoint. We arrived at 8pm looking for a kight snack prior to boarding. The line was short and service was fast and accurate.  They could have given us some more  napkins, but thats a minor peeve. The counter appeared clean and our fries and chicken nuggets were nice and hot.Oh, if only Buffalo had a Chick-fil-A! My husband is such a fan that anytime we travel, he looks to see if the airport has a location where we can pick up a original chicken sandwich and waffle fries. Always greeted with friendly workers and delicious food!Now this is the place to stop in the Philly airport.  Grab a bag of minis and run for a flight!I've had Chick-Fil-A once before, couldn't understand the hype. Gave it a second shot, still underwhelmed. Just your typical fast food spot, chicken nuggets and fries and soda. Sauces are nothing special. Don't know why people rave over it.
This particular location was quick, service was good. No problems there. If you enjoy this chain, you'll be just fine dining here.It's chick-fil-a at an airport. A little overpriced and staff not as friendly as a normal one. They also don't offer sauce at counter but otherwise food was expected.As per my typical MO, when I'm in the States I like trying one or two fast foods joints that we don't have up in my neck of the woods in Canada. On this visit, Chick-fil-A was that fast food joint on a stopover. 
The menu is a lot more limited than most of their competition, but doing a few things well is better than doing many mediocre dishes. I went with the regular Chick-fil-A sandwich with lettuce and tomato, waffle fries and a lemonade. After a short wait, my girlfriend and I were seated in the food court area seating for our calorie bombs and people watching.
The piece of lettuce was obscenely large so I had to break it down into a few pieces to make it manageable, but it was nice and crisp and a vibrant green. The lightly toasted bun held up well and the star of the show, the chicken, was juicy and well seasoned and I enjoyed the crunchy breading.
The waffle fries were some of the best waffle fries I've had - nice and crisp and not suffering the all too frequent sogginess that they can suffer from. Extra large ketchup containers made dipping easy.
The lemonade could have used more tang and less sugar, but it was still decent.
All in all, it was a successful indulgence in one the many artery-thickening options that I, for better or worse, do not typically have.I love that chick fila is here at all my philly connections. I have been in a rush and hady food in less than a minute. Everyone is always nice, I have nothing to complain about. They do have. Reduced menu which means they do not carry the spicy chicken sandwich but they have the chicken bios it sandwich for breakfast and that's what I love so I'm happy.Just as delicious as any stand alone store and the line moves fast as there are always 3-4 employees at the registers. The food is consistent, the people are friendly and the price is right. Located in a courtyard with several other restaurants, there is ample seating (or look for a rocking chairs across the way for a chance to plug in your phone). This is always my stop on my way home from Philly!What I like most about chains is consistency. The things I like most about Chick-fil-A are way too many to mention... but here are a few:
I love the iced tea. Even up here in Philadelphia they serve it. One of the very few places where I can get sweet tea!
Healthful meal options.
Friendly service.
Overall, good experience.It was my first time eating at a Chick Fil A.  What better time to do so than to eat here while waiting to board a plane?So my family knows the Cathy family and the COO of Chick FilA. We've eaten at CFA so many times and this was the only time we've ever had what we would call an awful experience. Our food wasn't warm, the waitress was borderline evil she was so unfriendly, the nuggets must've have been deep fried in sewage or something - the breading was nowhere close to correct and they tasted awful. 
To the manager of this location, you are not modeling your restaurant to CFA standards. The young ladies at the cash register need a time-out or something. And remember "My Pleasure" is part of CFA culture. Teach your people to say it. And maybe smile. And maybe even be respectful instead of mean. So disappointed with our experience here.Even though they are north of the Mason Dixon line, they are still full of sugary sweetness "My pleasures" However, whats with the lack of spicy chicken biscuit and sandwiches at this location? Can they not handle the heat??If I was one of the co-tenants to Chick-fil-A in the Terminal B/C food court, then I would almost certainly feel some line envy.  This spot is always busy, but their simple menu helps them to move the line quickly.
This shop delivers consistent and tasty Chick-fil-A products.  I may be old fashioned, but my favorite is a #1 with a sweet tea.  This is a limited menu location and they do not offer the spicy filet.
You can get lunch at breakfast if you are willing to wait a couple extra minutes, which is a nice plus since Chick-fil-A's breakfast game is a little - OK a lot - weak.
Chick-fil-A is the best option in a Terminal B/C food court that does not have a lot of great options, but the good news is they take their leadership position seriously and will deliver you a tasty meal.Chik-Fil-A is crack disguised as food, pure and simple. It's so delicious and so cheap and just the right amount of salty on that soft bun oh god nom mmmm mmmm . . . wait, what was I saying?
Oh yeah, when you're short on time and/or money but need a bite to eat at PHL, Chick-Fil-A can't be beat. Granted, the counter is strewn with garbage, but it's mostly wrappers and they don't carry salmonella, right? And it doesn't matter if the cashier doesn't want to make eye contact with you, because you're just minutes away from becoming one with your true love, the Chick-Fil-A sandwich.Stopped in for breakfast before my flight.  Service was quick and the folks behind the counter were helpful and friendly.  
This is in an larger food court at the airport so there was plenty of seating. Given the early morning time, there were not a lot of people so it was easy to find a seat and the area was clean.  I could see that later in the day this could be a very busy place.Chicken, egg, cheese on a biscuit with OJ for breakfast. It was okay. Took awhile to make it though and the biscuit was a little hard around the edges. I think my local Chick-fil-A is better.Come on, folks... the Spicy Chicken is here, and it's here to stay.  So why in the HELL do you not offer it at this location?!?!?!?  Oh, and you don't take Chick Fil A gift cards, either???  B*stards.  I settled for the Chargrill Club for nearly $4.  Unfortunately for the rating, it was good.  I really wanted to give this location a 1 or 2 star, but the sandwich was good, as well as the service as it is at practically every one you go to.This location has zero salads or grilled chicken bits. Pretty much just sandwiches and fries. Very limited menu.Finally tried a original chicken sandwich.  I get it, it's pretty good.  The coating on the chicken beats KFC or Popeyes.  Who wants to open a franchise with me?Most airport and mall locations don't match the free standing chick-fil-a quality, this location, for my visit, was the exception to that norm. Friendly staff and my order came out quickly, the fries were smoking hot and my spicy chicken sandwich was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. My only complaint was that they were out of the grilled chicken, my first order preference, knocking them down a star. Otherwise very pleased with my airport lunch, now if only all airport locations performed the same way...Attitude city. These girls could care less if you came here or not. Screwed up on my order and never uttered an apology or reason. 
If you can find other, do so.This has to be the first chick fila that I haven't received good customer service. All I ordered was large Coke, the cup was dripping with Coke on top and down the sides, the cashier looked at it and just handed me the drink. I said can I have a napkin? She gives me the napkin and I wipe down my drink. She didn't smile, say thank your or "my pleasure" . This has to be the worst chick fila. When I walked away I had to make sure I was at a "chick fila". Customers should receive the same level of customer service no matter what city they are in.Food is good! 
Awful Awful Awful...service.
The guy taking the order has a thick accent and speaking as quick like a rap song ....how the hell i am suppose to understand ? 
One item was missing ....I was told by friends to check out Chick-fil-A when I had the chance. The chance came and I ordered the chicken sandwich with waffle fries and unsweetened iced tea. The meal was nothing to write home about but the staff were friendly. I'll need to come back and try other menu items.I recently purchased Chick-fil-A gift cards. But, as I am standing in line to order from a Chick-fil-A in the Phildelphia airport, terminal C. My wife and I make an order only to be told our gift cards were no good.  What is the point in buying these, if we cant use them at every location. Horrible business if you ask me...
BryanFood was awesome as always! Main problem is not enough employees to get the orders out. There is no space for the amount of people waiting for there orders. May reconsider the staffing as to facilitate faster service. Keep up the great chicken sandwich!I know Chick-fil-A has recently gotten some competition with Popeyes making a chicken sandwich but, Chick-fil-A is definitely the OG in this game! This is a great pit stop if you have a long layover or need a fill-up before your flight. I am always a sucker for airport food stands. Their waffle fries are delicious! The weaved texture of waffle fries always make eating it more fun. I liked how perfectly seasoned they were. Their nuggets are shaped like real chicken and taste like real chicken. Usually, nuggets have that texture of mashed up chicken that is shaped into a patty. I didn't like how all of their ketchup packets were smeared with ketchup. I thought it was cool how there was live music in the food court where this Chick-fil-A was. There was a saxophone player, drummer and rapper. It wasn't the quickest service ever but the wait wasn't too bad. There's plenty of seating because this place is located in a food court.This is my go to stop for food at PHL airport when I don't have a lot of time. It's conveniently located in the atrium. 
This time, there was almost no line to order which was nice. There was a bit of a line waiting for food, so I probably waited 5-10 minutes to get my food. 
No complaints about the food. They made my chicken deluxe sandwich correctly with no pickles. I do think the menu should say that it comes with pickles so that people aren't surprised. The fries were good an expected as well. 
They were generous with the Chick-fil-a sauce which was nice. I do wish they would ask if you want any sauce because I almost forgot about it. 
All in all, it's what you would expect from a Chick-fil-a.Worst experience at the Chik- fil-A in the Philadelphia airport today. I love Chick-fil-A's food and their employees are all usually very nice and pleasant, a nice touch compared to a lot of other fast food chains. But unfortunately not today. I get in line and I'm watching the employees and they all look like they hate their lives, no one has a smile on their face, and no one is making eye contact with any of the customers and they all have the worst tones in their voice, like we are inconveniencing them by coming to their business. I get up to the counter and one of the managers takes my order. I order the 8 count nuggets and medium fry. She's multi-tasking, again not even looking at me and she says something to me. I said excuse me, since I didn't understand what she said, and she repeated herself, "do you want the meal?" And I say no drink, just the nuggets and the fries, like I ordered the first time. I then pay and I move to the side to wait for my order. It's pretty busy as it's lunch time so there is a quiet a few people waiting for their food. I wait a few minutes and then move myself closer to the counter where they are handing out the orders at I knew my order must me coming up soon. I wait, but my name is not called. I then start seeing people that were behind me in line start receiving their food. I notice them calling out a lot of sandwiches so I think to myself they must be making more nuggets, so I keep waiting. Still my name is not called. And as I'm waiting this entire time I've been right next to the counter so I'm clearly visible to the employees that I'm waiting AND the manager that took my order is now handing out the food, and this whole time she doesn't even glance my way or notice I've been standing there for probably 10 minutes now. I finally realized they clearly skipped my order so I say something to the manager next time she comes to the counter "Excuse me, do you know if my order is coming for Amanda, an 8 count nugget and medium fry?" Again she seems too preoccupied to pay attention and she says "uhhh one sec." I then see her go over to the monitor with the orders on it and flipping through it trying to find my order. Then she tells another employee to ask me what my order is again, and I repeat again "8 count nugget and medium fry for Amanda". The manager finally gets my food together and hands it to the other employee to give to me. The employee says "sorry bout that, we gave you a 12 count nugget instead. Any sauce?" I said no and walked away with my food. Very disappointing service from Chik-fil-a today. And even more disappointing that the manager that took my order and then messed it up didn't even apologize. I understand it was a pretty hectic and busy time of the day and things happen, but I would have least liked an apology from the manager or act like you care at all, when Chik-fil-a usually prides itself on their customer service.I always get homesick whenever I find a Chick-Fil-A outside of the South, and a Chick-Fil-A in the Philadelphia airport is certainly no exception!
The food here is good and of the same consistently high quality that Chick-Fil-A is known for, and the service is both friendly and efficient. The last time I went there, I had the food in my hand less than a minute after I paid the cashier.
Overall, this is pretty standard quality for a Chick-Fil-A franchise, which means that you aren't likely to be disappointed.
Besides, where else are you going to get quality sweet tea in Philly?If I wasn't so hungry, this would be one of my rare one star reviews.  Alas, since cardboard would have tasted good after a day of just a muffin and some coffee, I was ready to eat whatever was open at Philadelphia International.
We each got a grilled chicken sandwich combo that includes a medium drink and a container of waffle fries--their world famous fries.  The wheat bun was very dry (did they know I would have eaten cardboard?) and the chicken in the sandwich was nothing tasty and it was not a juicy chicken breast as advertised.  It made do.  The waffle fries were not crispy and my fries needed salt.  On the other hand, my wife's fries were over salted.
As for the two drinks, the Sprite and Diet Coke were superb!  That's enough to get the second star.
I am sure I will never stop at a Chick-Fil-A again.  It just wasn't good. Oh, for some McDonald's fries and a Big Mac--now that would have been a meal!A Chick-Fil-A located inside of Chicago O'hare, there isn't much different with this location in comparison to the other brick and mortar locations. The biggest downside are the slightly increased prices and that you can't scan your membership to earn rewards. 
Pricing
Slightly higher than a normal brick and mortar Chick-Fil-A, but that's expected from being inside an airport 
Food
Delicious as always. The quality definitely doesn't diminish from it being in an airport
Service
Employees are trained just as well as any other Chick-Fil-A, saying things like "my pleasure" and are just as kind
Overall
Hard to say no to Chick-Fil-A if you're a big fan. When you're hungry and just want to eat something quick (so long as the line isn't too long), Chick-Fil-A is always a great choice.I love chick fil a. I'm from the south and...I love it. BUT these guys at the philly airport forgot the pickles on my chicken sammich. Unacceptable- the damn thing has 3 ingredients! I'm still coming back.I don't know what it is about Chick-Fil-A, but this place is overrated. People talk about it like it's some kind of great thing. It's not.
They have below average fast food chicken. I got the classic friend chicken on a bun. It comes with pickles, and nothing else. There is not even a sauce on it. I had to ask for some on the side, and the options were BBQ, Honey Mustard, Ketch-up and Mayo. I can do better than this at a lot of places.
And, there wafer fries are just okay. They are no McDonald crack addicting type of french fry.
I do not get the big deal about Chick-Fil-A. It's really nothing special.Was so excited to see this in the PHL airport, however was treated so rudely it's hard to want to come back. They did not say hello, just waved me to the register, and they don't say "my pleasure" which is customary to chick-fil-a. The line also took a while, which is so unusual for this company. I also asked for no bun and she stared at me, then made sure it had a bun on it when I received it. This chik fil a makes the company look bad overall and was sad to see this.Just like any other Chik Fil A, this place was packed with people. Also like most other CFAs, I found friendly staff, short wait times, and excellent customer service. I would definitely get food from this CFA again.No complaints here. I got a number 2, the mini 4 count. Has he brown were crispy. Lemonade was sweet. And the 4 minis were fresh. They had a very long line but every seemed to be in a pretty good mood. I would come here again.I feel terrible about their ANTI GAY stance. but still i had to try their food at least once to be objective. I had heard SOOO much about their juicy chicken breast and I was skeptical since we all know it's hard to have a good chicken breast patty.  I had their chargrilled chicken breast...and YES..it was juicey, tender and yummy... unexpected and surprising DELICIOUS for a FAST FOOD CHAIN!!!!!   yes....it surpassed my wildest dreams about juicy chicken breast (a usual oxymoron for me) ,and yes it was yummy.  I'm tempted try to their chicken nuggets since i heard they were good too! But honestly I would not come back since I do not agree with their anti-gay views.  oh well.   also, i tried their waffle fries and they were just ok...too soft and maybe they should have left it in the fryer for 1-2 minutes longer to toughen it up...it was too soft to hold my ketchup! so maybe 4 stars for their chicken breast but 0 star for their terrible, antiquated, backwards view on the gay community.  so I guess we'll meet with somewhere in between with 3 starts mostly for their food, since I'm not sure we are suppose to rate them on their unintelligent , ignorant  views.Seriously underwhelming compared to the real thing - feels like every airport chick fil a I go to the food quality is way, way worse. Staff was great but food was not at all up to their standard!This Chick-fil-A puts the restaurant name to shame. The staff was rude not only to their patrons but to their fellow co-workers. No one cared about getting the order right or doing a good job. Our food came out cold and dry, as if it had been sitting under the heat lamp for hours. Don't waste your time, even if you have 3+ hours to kill in this airport.Definitely not a "normal" Chick-Fil-A experience. Food portions much smaller, salty and nobody was smiling. I would say this is either a new CFA or they were not trained in the concepts and foundation of this great corporation. Smile!Absolute worst chick fil a, the line was 45 mins and they had one person working the cashier. People have flights to make connections there should be more cashiers to accommodate to the 300ft line of people! I waited in line for 35 mins and then had to leave to make my connection. Worst experienceNot the best chicken sandwich I've had by a long shot. The cheese was melted and spread all over the place. There were not a lot of hash browns. They really held back. 
Service was good and fast. I'd like to go back and try the same place for lunch. Maybe it would be better.Chick-Fil-A might just be the only thing redeeming about PHL.Chick fil A in general seems to be hit or miss lately and this was definitely a miss. I ordered 2 chicken egg and cheese biscuit and both were cold with a tiny piece of chewey, tough chicken. Tasted awful for a sandwich I regularly love and eat. The tiny piece of chicken didn't even take up half the biscuit on both sandwiches. I could definitely tell this sandwich sat a while before being served to me.Maybe I was starving after my 2 hour flight.. Or maybe I was hungover from the night before.. Or maybe because this is the first time I've ever had Chick Fil A, it was freakin' awesome. I had waffle fries and chicken tenders and omg the chicken was pipin' hot and so juicy! They even gave us a refill on the soda cause I was super dehydrated from the flight!
Yummm wish there was one close to where I live!Ok, mornings at the airport are always funny.  Like Forest Gump would say, you never know what your gonna get.  I'm not talking chocolates, I'm talking customer service.  I was greeted with a smile, order taken, money paid, receipt given and a nice "please wait over there for your order".
As I was "waiting".   I was digging through my computer bag.  I hear someone say #1... number 1!  I think ... I'm not #1 by any means, but apparently today "I am"!  And what does this get me.... SIR, you ordered a #1!  Here it is ... and the lady behind the counter puts the bag down and walks aways.
Maybe the receipt should not have said #1479.
I look at the lady next to me, she rolls her eyes over what just happen.  I yell out.... "Have a Blessed Day"
Better, happier people today! When the management replies an extra star is always warranted.Big line to start the morning, but they were churning out the orders quickly. Same quality that you would expect from any chick-fil-a. The chicken biscuit was smaller than I'm used to, but it may have just been the odd one out.This is the worst chick fil a location that I have ever been to. They  were very rude and nasty and I never heard the 'my pleasure' response. To add insult to injury, when I boarded my flight I realized that they got my order wrong!!! They really need to do better and train their staff on customer service!This is the worst chikfila I've ever been to. Because they're a brand I usually trust, I thought it'd be a solid bet for an airport meal. I ordered the chicken egg and cheese biscuit. The biscuit, egg, and cheese were fine. But the chicken, which should be the star of the show, was tough and overcooked. Blatantly unacceptable. Avoid this chikfila.WORST Breakfast Biscuit sandwich EVER!  I love my fast food breakfast, but this was not actually edible.  I took two bites and was grossed out by the taste and texture.  Staff was very pleasant, and their chicken nuggets are great, but their breakfast is awful!!Well my Chick-fil-A sandwich was good and standard quality BUT service was lacking... Down South you are always greeted with a smile and positive attitude... it's one of the best (besides chicken sandwich) qualities that I about Chick-fil-A... Not even a please, thank you, have a good day, have a safe flight... nothing... if I was dealing with a robot I would even expect better mannerisms... Highly disappointed in the way this establishment is being ran. They are not even using the systems that are in place at other stores.Stay away. Slow   Lethargic. Rude people. I had plenty of time to get my flight   Until I came hereHomophobic 'christians' ... Jesus would puke !It's chick fil a and it's the airport. 
So the quality is the same as anywhere so that's good. 
It's the airport so the wait was forever. 
It's a good option over the other overpriced low quality food options 
Just make sure you have enough time.So we have 25 minutes till boarding begins- you think it would be plenty of time to grab a sandwich. Nope...it took 15 minutes to get a sandwich. I love Chick-fil-A but this location doesn't have their act together.
The silver lining I had something to eat on the flightQuick, easy option at the Philadelphia airport. Wasn't too busy around 5:30 pm, so I was able to order and get my food within 5 minutes. Quality was good as any other Chick-Fil-A, just a bit over priced as expected for an airport.Truthfully, this was my first time ever at a Chick-fil-A and it had to be inside an airport.  The prices were inflated but that was expected.
I wasn't too hungry though at the time, so I didn't order any of their sandwiches.  Instead, I opted to try their Nuggets.  I thought they were pretty tasty, though a little bit on the small side compared to other fast food nuggets.  I like the sauce options like buffalo sauce, bbq sauce, ranch, honey mustard, Polynesian, and their special Chick-fil-A sauce.  I opted for the buffalo sauce and it went well with the Nuggets.  I probably should've gone with the Chick-fil-A sauce though.  Maybe next time.
So my first Chick-fil-A experience wasn't too bad.  The Nuggets were good but weren't much to get excited about.  I'll have to try their sandwiches next time to give a fair review.  For now, it was just A-okay!I love chick fil a and go pretty much every chance i get, this location was the WORST service i have ever received from the company. The service was rude and messed up our order and didn't even try to fix it. The "my pleasure" was no where near the picture but not even close to the biggest problem.Whenever I see a chick fil a, of course I have to stop! This place by far was the worst chick fil a, that I've ever been to. The cashier ringing me up was very rude and it was so odd that they served Pepsi instead of coke products. They had no chick fil a sauce what so ever and it was early in the morning which was off too. When I received my food the chicken in the chicken mini meal was the size of a nickel, smallest sandwiches I've ever had at chick fil a. Just all around bad.A whole meal (drink, fries and a sandwich) for under five bucks. In an airport. Yes. That is correct. Sandwiches are always fresh and well made. Fries are good and crisp. Service is excellent. They have free refills too!I love Chic-Fil-A. It broke my heart when I was unable to eat there during the period where they were outed for discriminating against the LGBT community.
Thank goodness that dark period of my life is over.
I like this location. Compared to the ones in the Gallery (ugh) and Liberty Place (long lines at any point in the day) this is a spacious location, with a drive-thru, AMAZING service and a clean space to dine in.
I really can't commend them enough for their great customer service. I'm always served with a smile and the cashiers always make sure that the order is correct before handing me my food. That's a rarity in Philadelphia even at a few nice restaurants so to find it at a fast food joint is simply refreshing.The people here are always very nice. 
I went last night and ordered a salad without chicken, fried, and a lemonade. I waited forever for that salad...and by "forever," of course, I mean seven minutes I started to believe that they had planted seeds for the lettuce and were waiting for it to harvest. 
But the manager came over and said that they were making a fresh salad for me. Apparently, they prepare them with the chicken on them already. The manager said that he figured I was a vegetarian and didn't want to give me a salad that touched meat. 
I really appreciated the thoughtfulness and attention to detail. This manager certainly exceeded any expectations I had of chick-fil-a, and I was equally impressed by how attentive he was to what was happening in his restaurant.What a customer service. Tried to use the Phillies tickets to get free breakfast sandwiches. But since they are not open for breakfast, and tickets were only good for the next day, they gave us lunch sandwich.
I love their chicken sandwich in the first place, now loving it even more.They got the nicest people working there. The guy who took my order Sterling needs a raise. Give him about $15 an hour. Went in there during their lunch rush and git out pretty fast. Great placeIt feels wrong to love Chick-Fil-A. 
I'm not talking about the moral code / political opinion of the company, but the fact the chicken remains stupidly addictive while also being stupidly unhealthy. My only CFA experiences have been from down south - all great - but the city of brotherly love did not disappoint. 
It was a complete meal: waffle fries, a hearty yet sugary milkshake, and a juicy, tender chicken biscuit to top it off. A friend was rockin nuggets and some sweet tea, which were definitely tasty in their own right. And we were able to scarf it all down after failing to score some John's Roast Pork (http://www.yelp.com/biz/johns-roast-pork-philadelphia) due to their strict afternoon hours.
But in the end, the service, cleanliness of the interior (and bathrooms!) all score big points in fast food land. Not that there is much to love about fried food on the go, but there is just something about the chicken that makes this experience worth repeating again. We need one like this in NYC.Love this place. Employees treat you with respect and have a sense of urgency. Great for fast food. Wish the lines could be shorter!Staff is incredibly friendly, they bussed my table when I finished eating, and offered to get me a refill. Girls at the registers seem to have fun at their job, overall seems like a very well run establishment. I usually just run through the drive through, but I'm gonna have to stop in more often.Came here about a week ago for lunch but I didn't eat inside. After leaving the drive thru and eating my food on the way back to work, I noticed that the chicken tenders I had received tasted a little gummy. Once I got somewhere I could stop, I opened up one of the chicken tenders and low and behold: they weren't all the way cooked! You could literally see the raw chicken. I didn't eat there like I stated in the beginning and my lunch break was coming to a close so I had no time to go back and complain. I really hope this never happens again because besides this incident, I never had a problem out of this location and it's convenient because I live in South Philly and it's close. I don't think I'll be returning for a little while though.Greasy. But the chicken is sooooooooo tender and good for that quick grab a bite that I can not help it! I order just the basic chicken sandwich for like $3 and some change. Nothing else cause of greaaassssseee. Lol. I am always disappointed when they are not open and I pull into it and then I realize..oh it is Sunday. It is interesting a place that sells chicken but not beef. Thats the first thing I thought when I first here. And a fast food that doesnt open Sundays was kind of odd also at first. Im always a drive through but when I did get a chance to go inside it was okay. cozy. Forget if they have wifi or not.In all of the years that i have gone to Chick-Gil-A, I have NEVER EVER EVER had a bad experience except for today! My "waffle" (can't even call them that today, more like bottom of the bag) fries were greasy! My chicken sandwich was cold and greasy! This has NEVER happened to me before. Chick-fil-A usually has exceptional customer service and the quality of the fast food is exceptional as well. I truly hope that this was an isolated incident because I usually truly enjoy coming here for a quick bite. My heart is really crushed right nowI've only been to one other location, so hard to compare them. 
I had a good experience the couple of times I'm come here. Chicken if flavorful, juicy ( not dry) and tastes fresh. I was surprised to see that they come around and refill your drink if needed, kudos!
Chicken nuggets and their spicy chicken are my favorites.
Only reason for a non-5 star was because one " bad apple" employee wasn't as friendly as all the other co-workers. Being a little nit-picky.. but Chick-Fil-A prides itself in having great customer service and for example always saying " my pleasure" when you thank them etc. She would say " sure" or " mm-hmmm" and walk away. Just a little nugget of a note.
Otherwise, very clean, friendly, and tasty spot!Never thought I write a review for chick-fil-a but here we are. One of the best fast food places I've ever been to. Their food is always fresh and fast. Unlike other fast food places chick-fil-a is clean the food is made with quality ingredients and the staff is nice the trifecta. If you walked in with your eyes closed you would think your walking into a restaurant not a fast food place. Nice job hopefully they keep this up.We don't "do" fast food - but when you have a 2-4 year old and need a play-room this is a great choice.  Our daughter gets a 4 nugget kids meal with fruit (instead of fries) and lowfat milk.  Then she plays - sometimes for a whole HOUR in the play room.
A great break for mom & dad.  Cheap.  Not too nutritionally horrible.  (But we don't come more than every 2 weeks.)
However, recently our daughter discovered that they serve Lemonade.  Our lowfat Milk days are numbered.
NOTE:  Recently (May 2009) the play area has gotten stickier and dirtier.  It needs a good floor to ceiling cleaning.Probably one of the best fast food places I've ever been. The staff is very friendly, its fast, clean, and the prices are really good. I love the waffle fries with the lemonade that has free refills.
I'm not a big fan of what Chick - Fil- A does politically but I love their food.I have been to this location multiple times previously and had good service. On this occasion I had a legitimate coupon for a free sandwich with no expiration date. When I tried to use the coupon the manager told they had "discontinued that program a year ago", whatever that means. When I told him that I had used a similar coupon in "that program" about a month ago, he basically called me a liar.  
To me it's not even about the food but the principle. If you are going issue a coupon with no expiration date you should honor it not demean the customer. 
I always admired their company values and business model, no longerThis location is POPPIN. I opted for CFA while I was at IKEA, needing something fast in the middle of lugging furniture around. The line was nearly out the door, but they really busted through it. The customer service is really awesome here and you can tell that they are used to the volume of people that hits it. I don't find the food to be anything too special, but it is something I hit once in awhile. Waffle fries and cookies. That's all I need.I heart Chick-Fil-A! Out of all the fast food chains, they have the best chicken sandwich. I like that their buns are whole wheat. Whether I walk in or drive thru, customer service is top notch. They greet you with smiles and sometimes even help take your order to a table, I had my kids with me at the time and they brought my tray over. My kids also have a clean play area once they are done eating.It's Chik-fil-A. No need to describe food, you know it's such good fast food. This particular location is usually extremely busy, but the line inside goes quickly and like most Chik-fil-A's, the service is incredible. Stay away from drive through if you can. Only 4 stars for the stupid "not open on Sunday" rule. Gotta change that.Unbelievable customer service for a fast food restaurant!!! I've eaten a lot of fast food and the customer service has gone down over the last 35 years of my life. I love fast food and I'm a little over weight. Here is what I experienced:
- the person taking my order didn't take the next order until my order was complete
- the booths were easy to sit down in because I have a belly to fit into it. I don't think the booths are wider but the table is shorter in depth
- a manager walked around and asked every one dining in if they needed anything including asking everyone if they wanted a refill and even took away my post meal tray
I am very impressed!
PS Classic chicken sandwich with jack cheese was unbelievably good!This location is cool. It seems like their bread is too doughy. This Chick-Fil-A isn't as nice in some other areas I've been to. 
I took the two stars off because chicken sandwiches from here weren't nearly as hot as the other Chick-Fil-A's I've been to. 
But way better than going to a BK or McDonald's.This chick-fil-a knocked customer service out of the park!!! They were pretty busy but the staff seemed to be working overtime to ensure food came out in a nice fashion. 
I also tried the cookies and cream milkshake which was $3.50. I like to think of myself as a milkshake connoisseur and these milkshakes were phenomenal. They exceeded in the areas of flavor, amount, and cost. Most milkshakes in Philly are around $5 small and seem to disappear in 30 seconds. This milkshake was on the thicker side so I really felt like I got my money's worth! 
In terms of the staple good, it was to be expected. The nuggets and fries hit the spot!Chick-Fil-A rocks!  I think there has only ever been one location that I've been to that hasn't deserved at least four stores.
However, this location is: THE. BEST. EVER.
The nuggets and the fries are seriously perfect every time I've been here.  Sometimes you can get a lot of those weird looking fries, you know the ones without the holes?  No one likes them.  I've never gotten more than one or two in a box here.  That's impressive.  The nuggets are also bigger than any other location that I've been too.  I'm glad this is the closest location to me!
PS. Shut up about the gay comments people. Did you really think that a Christian company that is closed on Sundays was going to say that they support gay marriage? C'mon people!This is the worst chick fil a I have ever been to. My salads are consistently watery and the food is never as good as the other franchises. Today I went through the drive thru and ordered chick fil a sauce for our meals. Of course, no sauces were provided. Who wants to eat nuggets and fries without sauce? Never had a single issue with any other franchise around the country.Always surprises me how clean and friendly everyone is who works here! They bring your food to your table, often bring around free samples of cookies or icecream and kindly remain attentive to needing another drink or napkins. What fast food spot does all that!? I'd give this place 4 stars but the food sometimes is not as great as usual.This is considered FAST FOOD?? Chick-Fil-A is definitely one of the rare fast food chains that is trying to break away from the fast food joint mantra. Reason being, is the service which for fast food is above average, surprisingly clean, and lets face it the Spicy Chicken Sandwich they are KNOWN for is damn tasty. 
I order the #4 Spicy Chicken Sandwich combo with a small chicken noodle soup, along with a Cookies & Cream milkshake (SO GOOD). My order was taken, and the food came out very quick. The cashier who took my order also brought my meal to my table, and was very courteous in doing so. I did not see this coming, overall the sandwich was the best part and the meal was pretty filling. 
I rarely eat fast food, but if I have to choose Chick-Fil-A is to be considered. The A in Chick-Fil-A is well deserved.Best Chick-Fil-A, especially for it to be in South Philly.  The service is excellent.  It feels like a regular sit in restuarant, not just your average food restuarant.  There is music playing and you are never waiting long.  The employees greet you with a smile and give you whatever you ask for.  They even line up the ketchup packets in this Chick-FiL-A.  When your food isn't ready, they ask you to have a seat and they will bring it to you.
Food is always hot and crispy, never soggy.  It's fresh and a peaceful little place.  Very clean as well.  They even have little faux flowers on the table.Not usually a fast food fan but I came with couple of my friends today. The customer service was amazing, especially the manager (Ryan) asking if the customers need anything, etc. I thought it was very sweet of him to go out of his way to help us. Will definitely visit here again.This location usually provides great service. Which is probably why I didn't check my order before driving away from the drive through.  My fault - won't do that again as I didn't have everything I ordered.  Food was fine but hard to swallow paying for something I didn't get.I have to agree with Steve's review- I'm not one to review chains, but this one gets a nice one because of the service. They are always ready to accommodate the customers and that can go a long way. They already have the best chicken sandwiches, so adding great service is a great way to keep this place in our rotation!This is not typical fast food. The employees say, "My pleasure," just like they do at the Ritz! Honestly, I have only encountered warm, kind, friendly service here. I trust the food. It's real chicken and not formed meat. Blah! My kids love the indoor playground. It could probably use a good cleaning, but, regardless, this fast food joint could teach some local fine dining businesses a thing or two about customer service.Chick fil a always has great customer service and you'd expect it to drop off being in the heart of the city, but it doesn't. Service and the food are still top notch! Everything taste fresh and the customer service is above and beyond!Best service, better than most of restaurants in Philly. Pleased with the food and by the staff every single time. Very well managed. They really care about the customers.I feels strange to write a review for a fast food restaurant, but this particular Chick-fil-A deserves 5 stars. 
Always been a fan of their food---always fresh and you can't go wrong with any of their chicken products. Chicken strips with the Chick-fil-A sauce is my go-to. 
I have to mention the excellent customer service here though. Everyone was friendly, and for the 15 minutes I was sitting down I was offered a refill on my Coke twice by two different staff members, and each thine they asked if the food was good, etc. Absolutely impressive, especially for a fast food place!I come here very often during my lunch hour.  Customer service here is top notch. Service is fast.  Food is consistent and good.  Price is more than most fast food places but it's worth it for the quality of food that you get.  Their milkshakes are excellent!!This is seriously the best Chick Fil A! The staff is really nice and helpful. The salads are on point. The manager is nice, and the food is fresh. Yum!After a nearly 2 year boycott on the chain, Chick-Fil-A finally buckled and I once again feel free to enjoy their delicious nuggets, waffle fries, and diet dr. pepper.  What an amazing meal!The place was packed, drive through rapped a round the parking lot.   About 7 people in line.  I waited four minutes to order and sat down, with my little numbered sign, my son walked over to get napkins, looked up and food was at table.  Excetlent job by manager and crew.I went to this location last night. Everything was fine as far as the employees. The person helping us knew plenty about the items on the menu and was able to answer the questions my gf had about all the different salads. We ordered a salad and two of the meals. The problem is I got home and realized one of the sandwiches from the meal was not in the bag at all.Some of you may be thinking why review a fast food chain right? Well this particular one really stands out. The customer service is unbeatable and the place is always super clean. The manager himself comes out and asks everyone if they need anything. They clean up your table and refill your drink for you. Better service than a lot of restaurants with food that's double the price.Looking for real iced tea,heres the place to try 'n let it flow your soul with Chick-Fil-A Iced Tea..not juz chicken winnerThe food is the food - it's chic-fil-a, it's fast food. This place stands apart in that the service, cleanliness, and attitudes are well above average. I don't just mean for fast food, but for any restaurant. Show up at lunch time on a weekday and you'll see the parking lot full, the drive thru full, and yet you still will find bathrooms and tables clean and ready. My order was taken quickly and with pleasure from the staff. The place was packed to the brim but yet a worker still came by to refill my drink. Later she came to take my tray. This isn't an exception, it's the rule.  Bottom line? This store is on point.Everyone here is very friendly and all about customer service. The food is always good, but it's better to go inside and order since the drive thru line is constantly packed.The cashier, Paula service is so bad. I have been to this Chick-fil-A several times but this time is so disappoint. She never say thank you and speaking without look at me. Most ppl who work here their service is good only her is not good. I came here 2.05 of Aug 13 she is on the third cashier from the left. I won't come back here again!!! Never!!!Had a misunderstanding over an advertisement on the app. No big deal. That is until I was. Belittled verbally abused by an African-American Muslim girl from behind the counter who indicated I was slowing up her line. Her belligerence and my desire to get the hell out of there forced me to spend money I really didn't want to only because I didn't feel like going to another restaurant such as this and be abused by somebody worse than this young lady if that's possible.
I have a good bit of money left on the Chick-fil-A app. I would sooner flush it down the toilet or give it away ever set foot in that restaurant again which is a shame because my eight-year-old daughter loves the play areaI'm in love with chick fil a service. The service at this chick fil a was amazing and is actually one of the best ones I been to even though it's not my usual spot. When I was ordering my meal during breakfast hours the cashier did not get annoyed at me for not knowing what I want since I never gotten breakfast from chick fil a before. She was very accommodating with me wanting an orange juice instead of soda or anything. As for ordering my husband coffee I change my mind on regular and vanilla a few times since I wasn't sure what he wanted when he was parking while I ordered but the cashier did not rush me and was very patience. I love how they check around the table even during breakfast hours to make sure everything was fine and as well as help us took our trash away and brought us the food to begin with.I like that I had a place to relieve myself whilst en route to the shores of New Jersey, but really, the toilets at this joint are pretty disgusting.  Reminded me of public toilets in Scotland.  A veritable BOG.I leave in Southwest Philly and drive all the way over here just for this place; it's that good.Outstanding food and service.  Consistent and delicious had an amazing meal that made my day. My kids love the shakes. We need one in Brooklyn asap! I need one closer to my home. If they delivered i woulf only eat Chic-fil-a. .lolI never understood what the big deal was about Chick-fil-a especially to warrant all these huge new restaurants cause the menu is so minimal. 
The chicken sandwiches are pretty good for fast food but the waffle fries are the real stand-out. 
The peach shake, when in season,  is amazing with chunks of real peaches.
The playground is a huge help if you have little ones. The best bribe to get them to eat. :)The perfect fast food getaway. When I mentioned fast food, It isn't McDonald, this place is something far better. Food quality, service, cleanliness are top notch in this place. I wish I live next door from this place.Got our lunch today,  a little bit costumer line but all cash registers were open to speed up the order process.
Employees all wear clean and neat uniform, they even deliver food to costumer tables when the food isn't ready rather to have costumer stand and wait.
Manager walk around and greet costumers, tables cleaned up every time costumer done with their meals. 
One of the waitress offer me for a refill, I asked her just to add more ice cubes for my ice tea, and she happily help me with that.
Feels like eat at fancy restaurant rather than a fast food chain.Their milkshakes and waffle fries makes it all worth it alone.  Other food is decent,too.I can't believe I'm writing a review for Chik Fil A but I have to say, this particular location (near the IKEA in S. Phila) was amazing.  I've never gone to one before, so I was derping and hemming and hawing looking at the menu and the lady behind the counter was really nice and patient.  Then, while I was eating, the manager came around to each table, asking everyone if everything was OK.  I saw him talking to a family, and then he was clearing off the table for them because they were busy with their kid!  Later the assistant mgr (I assume) went around and did the rounds too. Never seen anything like it in a fast food place.  The sandwiches were really superior!  I am not affiliated with this franchise or company or whatever but whoever runs this place has got their stuff together, very impressive.RUDE AND INCOMPETENT STAFF! So disrespectful! I did NOT have a difficult order at all, and they literally could not comprehend it and then were SO rude to me when I pulled to the window! "Your order is too confusing" and of course everything was wrong. Do not recommend this location!When moving to Philadelphia -- the #1 thing that excited me about coming a bit south was the opportunity for Chick-Fil-A in my life.
After having to drive 30 minutes to the closest Chick-Fil-A was not acceptable in Boston.
This free standing location is awesome. They never have a line, quick, and usually with a smile on their face.
You can never go wrong with this fine chain of chicken restaurateurs. I visit them at least once a week.... MmmmmmSurprisingly good. I don't really frequent fast food joints, but this one is pretty good. It was well lit, clean and nice inside. Prices are as you would expect from a fast food place, $3.00 for sandwiches, around $6+ for meal deals. They actually made everything sound so good.. chicken and waffles, etc etc.
I got the original chicken sandwich. It's simple, but they do simple well. The chicken is so darn juicy and not dry on the inside -- crispy outside. Looks small, but I barely finished it. Good choice if you're craving chicken or in a rush.. and have to go to a fast food joint.
Seriously surprised by how clean this place was. Most fast food places gross me out!terrible. i dont usually hate on a place but this one blows. chick fila in general is awesome. but this one in particular is the worst. we went there during customer appreciation day. the promo is if you dress up like a cow, you get a free meal. we have been going to chick fila for years, and the four guys at the office really look forward to it every year. we did our usual cow drawing contest and posted them on our shirts. we go there and the jerk manager says thats not good enough. seriously. on customer appreciation day. never going back there and the four of us will continue to badmouth this terrible dining establishment.Very good customer service. Free wifi. Grab food and drink- sit back, relax. They will come around to ask if you want refills and clear your food when it's done. Top of the line fast food.I went there this morning and I'm salty as hell. The restaurant is closed for reconstruction. I looked on the app and the website and it's not mentioned anywhere that it is closed. I'm mad bc this was the only nearby philly location that I somewhat liked. Anyway, I'll check back next time I get a chance and switch my review up bc I know normally they have have good service here.I never had a bad experience here with the staff or food.  There are plenty of cops and customs agents as well as other law enforcement people who frequent this place.  I generally roll through the drive through, which normally looks like a horrendous line, but the staff here really moves.  I normally only wait a few minutes, ten at the most.
They are the quickest, most efficient, moderately healthy place to eat around in South Philly.  Sure it is a chain, but this is the only fast food chain I ever go to.  I have not eaten at any other fast food chain in well over a decade.  Why bother, Chic Fil A has everything they do down to a science.
When you see a manger out on the floor talking to patrons and wiping down tables you know this is a solid place to work.  
So I have to give them a five as every possible criteria I would rate a business on they completely fulfill.  They are clean, they are pleasant, they offer a consistently great tasting product, they are efficient, they value my business and provide a safe and worry free environment in which to dine.Worst Chick-fil-A ever. The drive through is always a 45 min ordeal. Food is cold and the employees are rude. I ordered a grilled chicken club and it was half off the bun, cheese was a thick slice thrown on as an afterthought, not melted at all. Kids nuggets had no breading and were dry. Looked as though they'd been heated in a microwave.I don't usually write reviews on Fast Food restaurants because you've eaten at one...you know the saying!  But it isn't true. I usually eat at this location when I travel down to Philly. The first time I was introduced to ChicFilA. I thought the excellent  service was the norm at all the locations. Well, I was wrong! I traveled to Atlanta and the food AND service was horrible. Eating here today, made me appreciate the wonderful service from the manager to the workers! And the food is very good! Kudos to them!This place has great food, service and clean. I will have to go back and rerate all of my other fast-food joints. All hands down to this location. Real chicken in my book is way better then those other places. lol. Love the number 4.
The staff here brings you - your food after your order has been taken. World class service. Love-it.Very good plain chicken sandwich. Good coffee.  Breakfast biscuit with egg, sausage and cheese was sorry.  Not sure where the quality control is on these products.  Sandwich was luke warm and the sausage was tough and barely had taste.  Not sure if it was sanitary regarding the holding temperature. I will return for the chicken sandwich.Recently renovated. This chick fil a is what you would expect from a standard chick fil a. It's got more seating and a modern atmosphere. Food is pretty much straight from the cookbook and taste is just like every other chick fil a. Parking was easy as it's in a popular shopping area.It's lunchtime on a Sunday. I'm craving Chick-Fil-A. This is the only day I ever crave Chick-Fil-A. 
Why do I only want food from here when it's closed? Is it some unusual marketing tactic? No. It's just that so many of their stores are located near malls and shopping centers and people tend to do their shopping on Sundays. 
You head down to Ikea, Best Buy, or one of the malls and, boom, you're staring a closed Chick-Fil-A dead in the eye at lunch time. You could apply Leo Getz's philosophy on drive-thrus from Lethal Weapon 2 to this scenario.
I get that the owner is a devout Christian and he wants to be closed on Sunday because it is the "Lord's day" but people still need to eat. The J man handed out loaves of bread and fishes to his peeps. He didn't leave them starving, right?This is why Fast food at Chick-f-let is different. It is consistently great!    You walk in, your in a hurry, and the place is spotless, the employees smile and are pleasant. They want to serve you.  I'll pass 5 Bk's or McDonalds to come to a CFA.   The wraps are great and so is the carrot raisin salad.   Thanks to the founder, Truett Cathy, this is a great company!  And the service reflects the loving, caring attitude that they share.This place has good food but even better service! The most thoughtful, polite and hard working people are at this location. They are fast, kind, friendly, and provide excellent service!!Honestly chic fil a has the best customer service I even seen in a fast food restaurants 
!!!!!! Boston market starting to fet better !! U go in mcdonalds  service no good Burger King KFC noone compares to there service 
And the food is also good and clean placeUpdate!
This location did reach out to me and ended up providing me a free meal. The difference was extremely noticeable and pleasant! As you can see from the picture, the sandwich is much larger as what I've always been used to in the past. The service and speed was still great as well. Love a company that can might things right with their customers. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Let me start by saying Chick-Fil-A if one of my favorite fast food restaurants. 
This is my first time trying this location and I was greatly disappointed with the quality of the sandwich. The chicken itself was extremely thin and fairly dry. There were a few bites where I only got the breading/skin. See picture below. 
The order did come fast, 30 seconds tops but may have been pre-made and sitting there. I've been the many other Chick-fil-A's which always delivered sizeable and juicy sandwiches which was why I was hooked. 
The fries however, was a good portion and the staff was OK. Maybe this was just an off day?I am a true lover of this chain, however, this has been the worst experience I've had with them thus far. Service is chaotic with no rhyme or reason and the staff was not warm or friendly. I actually felt as if I was bothering them whem trying to place my order. The young man who took my order clearly didnt want to be here and at this point neither did I. However, after shopping woth my granddaughter, I promised her Chuk fila for dinner , so I endured. Three people receives their order while I waited for an ETA on our food. Finally , I asked why was the order taking so long and was advised they're waiting for cheese for my Spicy Chicken Sandwich. This should've been communicated prior to my asking and waiting frustrated as people marched in and out with their order! Had to return my very cold fries. This is not the Chik fila I love and this is a scar on their reputationThis Chick-fil-A location never fails at customer service . The line is always super long during any time of day . There's nothing but cleanliness all aroun and condiments area very neatly and organized . Compared to any other fast food chain you'll never see a manager walking around asking if you're okay or if you need anything as if you're eating at a restaurant. Hands down by far the best fast food chain around . Food always good except a few times where my fries tasted soggy or undercooked that's where that one star was taken off for . That's why I'm a frequent here . Whether it's for a chicken sandwich or a salad . Always excellent service.Big fan of Chick-fil-A. Fresh and original ingredients.
I highly recommend their deluxe original or spicy Chick-fil-A sandwich over the plain since it adds a more full flavor, chicken tenders over the bites since has a little more meat for similar price, crispy delicious waffle fries, and a nice cold cup of Philly water. Don't forget to ask for any dipping sauces such as Chick-fil-A and Polynesian sauce since they don't always ask you.  Recently tried their honey roasted bbq sauce which tastes like a spin off version of the Chick Fil A sauce but has smoky flavor infused, recommend to give it a try! 
Great customer service compared to other fast food restaurants and great food, period.Great restaurant, great menus, friendly employees, clean restaurant, neat appearance of all employees with team worksMy favorite location! Fast and efficient ordering process and excellent customer service.Fantastic Service. Even when they're busy, they take the time to be friendly and polite. 
Great locationA really solid Chick-fil-A with excellent food. The lines can be very long, but there's a reason for it... it's because of the food! I've eaten several chicken sandwiches from here and Shake Shack and can tell you quite honestly that Shake Shack's overpriced chicken sandwich (it's twice the price of Chick-fil-A's) is no better than the chicken sandwich here. In fact, on one of the Shake Shack visits, the chicken sandwich ended up tasting far worse than any chicken sandwich from Chick-fil-A and that's a crying shame because so many people adore Shake Shack. The waffle fries and chicken strips are usually very good, the Oreo shakes are great, and the table service (if lines are long, you can seat yourself and a server will bring your order out to your table for you) is a plus. I hope they never, ever change. Kudos to the management and the great team working here. Oh, and one reason to come to Chick-fil-A rather than a place like Popeye's... they don't charge you 30 cents for an extra sauce pack!First off, I think yelping about fast food is a little silly - but a few weekends ago I had such a wonderful experience here, I feel like I HAD to tell the world. 
First off, it's probably one of the cleanest fast-food joints I've ever stepped foot in. The condiments area was absolutely pristine; there wasn't even a napkin out of place. I got my food about 30 seconds after I ordered it (which is a little creepy but awesome). There were fresh flowers on every table. 
And just when my friend and I were wow-ing at how impressive everything was, the manager came walking through checking to see how everyone was doing and if the food had met everyone's expectations. I mean WOW.
The only downfall of Chick-Fil-A is that they're not open every day.This is a late review from when visited but this place is on point in every good way possible. I've visited a few times for various meals but where they stood out was customer service on my catering order. I ordered some trays for a party I was having and the communication between them and myself just confirming the order and letting me know it was ready etc etc. the manager even came out to make sure all was great. When they say MY PLEASURE you actually believe that they care and enjoy helping. Which is rare in food...fast food...the world. So A++++ for this placeOoh Chick-Fil-a.  Your delicious, juicy, tender chicken fried to crispy fast-food perfection.  I know you are bigoted about gays.  But I can't stop myself from the cravings that make me go against my principles and rush into your doors and stuff my mouth in self-loathing.
This particular location has excellent service.  They are super quick and they are super friendly.  
The milkshakes are excellent.  The chicken is great.  I love waffle fries.  Thank you Chick-fil-a for making me feel like I would snort your chicken if necessary.