I really want to like this place, but Chick's reminds me of middle school me : trying really hard to be trendy, but lacking a true identity. 
I came here on a Sunday, as the pickins for football watching in the area are slim. I'd heard of this joint, and had been keen to try it, so my friends and I decided it'd be a great place to get our Eagles watching on. When we arrived, it was very busy, but we were immediately sat. There are four large TVs spread throughout the place. It was much smaller inside than we anticipated and felt very crowded. This wouldn't have been a huge deal - I mean it was Sunday in Philly during an Eagles game - but the acoustics in this place are terrible. It was so loud, but loud isn't even the right description. The way the sound waves were bouncing around, was driving all three of us nuts. That's the first time I've ever made such an observation.
We ordered beers, the buffalo wings, and a three cheese pizza. The wings came to the table even before our beers. Our server was odd and provided spotty service. The wings were $14 for 9 wings. The quality of the meat was good, and they were cooked perfectly, but the "buffalo" sauce was super weird. It was more of a tangy barbeque with hints of sweetness. It tasted fine, but I wouldn't call that buffalo. Additionally, the homemade bleu cheese sauce was room temperature, and was clearly made with a sweet Gorgonzola. Again - it was fine, but just weird. When we asked for ranch dressing, the obvious alternative, we were told there was only a Chipotle ranch. MEH.
The three cheese pizza was a huge disappointment, mostly because NO WHERE on the menu did it insinuate that this was a white pizza. We were really sad when a pizza with no tomato sauce came to the table. The dough was tasty, but a little on the chewy side. It was very garlicky, but not salty enough for our palates. It was $17 for this large pizza. Seems like a lot for what it was. 
Our server was just odd. She seemed frazzled, and would randomly clear our table. I'll give her the benefit of the doubt though. It was busy.
Overall, I can see why some people like this place. It's definitely not suited for football watching though. They seemed way too eager to kick us out, and we were happy to oblige, as the noise was driving us nuts. We couldn't help but think of all the food we could have ordered from home, at what it cost us to eat here . 
I'm not in any hurry to return. Maybe someday I'll give it another try for happy hour or something, but it is definitely not the place for football.Burger/Wings/Pork Sammie....stay loyal to those 3.  Very happy this place is in our neighborhood.Friday night was hopping!  We tried a few of the small plates and pizza.  The duck wontons were delicious as were the meatballs and the eggplant.  Loved the pizza, the tomatoes and cheese were so fresh.
We will absolutely be back!Great spot.  Exactly what the neighborhood needed.  Will be perfect for once football season starts.  Exceptional bartenders, especially the guy named Anthony.  Gave great recommendations and service.  Definitely going to go back.A rough area that puts together some crazy good food. You'd never suspect this place given the 1-Star exterior, but the food is on point.This place is fantastic! Went opening night and had a blast even the rain didn't stop anyone from having a great time!! The owners really know how to welcome people and make them feel at home!  I went back on two different occasions for lunch and Dinner.  I highly recommend the duck wontons and the lamb gyro.  Oh, can't forget that veal chop and mussels delish!! Didn't even need a knife to cut the chop!  The chef also made an appearance, this guy is hitting it out of the park!! The staff is attentive and courteous.  Everything about this place is great!  The food speaks for itself!  My tastebuds were dancing, I suggest everyone needs to stop by this place for a good bite to eat and I'm sure you won't leave hungry the portion are hearty!!Food was fantastic! The atmosphere was fun! Can't wait to go back to try more of the small plates & the mashed potato pizza!!   So happy to have this place in the neighborhood.This is a great addition to the graduate hospital neighborhood! I have celiac disease so need to be very careful when dining out. This place has the best gluten free pizza crust I have ever had. Even my husband loves it who is not GF. The salads are very fresh and big. It can get a little loud inside but overall the atmosphere is very nice!Bland food and average service for above-average prices. There is just nothing special about this place. The double cheeseburger and fries feels like something you could get at McDonald's. Their bruschetta appetizer is a big hunk of bread with slabs of mozzarella on top - not great for sharing. The caprese sandwich didn't even come with tomatoes - just eggplant and mayonnaise. There's a fine line between being "different" and just plain missing the mark. I think Chick's has crossed that line. 
The only redeeming factor about this place is their craft beer list. There are plenty of more interesting spots in Philadelphia to try.I am giving such a high rating after four visits, and great service. While new, there is a very clear effort at professionalism. After 45 years in the business, I can tell how that is going.
The food and beers are great. Try the Warsteiner if you like a light crisp beer. The pork Italian is authentic south Philly.
Due to the high ceilings, noise level is acceptable.Finally made it to Chicks! Great place to watch college football. Lots of big TV's. Good beer list. Food looked great. Great for groups, I think there were 10 of us. One small child was there so great for kids too. Can't wait to go back.Chick's was a great afternoon.
The brunch was amazing! We stayed at the bar and had the most amazing frozen pineapple mojitos.
The staff was down to earth and the owners were on site, treating people as if they visited their own. A wonderful restaurant- will definitely be back!Came here for their grand opening and had a blast! Although the weather was not in their favor, plenty of people still showed up. We got a chance to try out their pizza and it was very delicious. Beer selection looked expansive too. Will definitely try out this place again as a patron.The area has been dying for a casual, clean sports bar with good food and I think this is it. I admire opening on Washington, it's worth the risk considering the proximity to both neighborhoods. We loved the modern industrial feel to the place and the floor to ceiling removable windows are clutch on a summer night/fall afternoon. 
The gravy was great on the chicken parm and the roast pork sandwich was wonderful. My chicken parm was a little dry though. The bread used in the Muscles and the bread on the sandwiches was excellent. The muscles were a little chewy but the bread mixed with the tomato, basil, beer, white sauce was delicious. 
Fantastic selection of draft beers including some of my favorites. Didn't get a good look at the liquor selection but i'm sure it was solid. I'd like to see how it looks on a Friday/Saturday night and what they do with the tables to accommodate guests for large events.
Wait staff was great. 
Looking forward to coming back especially for football season. I hope Chick's hangs around the neighborhood for a while.Much needed, large sports bar. EXCELLENT beer selection, and great happy hour. Surprisingly delicious pizzas as well.Update 26Sep2017:
Soon after leaving this review I received a very nice note from the owner, which I appreciate. I will certainly give Chick's another try in the future. 
I've checked this place out a couple times. The first, we sat at the bar and had a great experience. Both visits the food and the beer selection were good. The second occasion we came by to watch an Eagles game, and the service was not good. Our server appeared incredibly rushed and seemed to take quite a few shortcuts. He also was either not familiar with the menu, or was hoping I wouldn't notice that the side salad I ordered (that he repeated twice back to me) became a regular salad. Most restaurants offer side salad portions. If you do not, it would be great if you could inform me at the time rather than charge me for a huge salad I did not order. Various additional frustrations along the same lines. Not sure if this was because of the game, but both times we went the place seemed equally busy, so I don't know why our level of service was so different.Went for Happy Hour, sat at the bar. Lots of drink & food specials to choose from ranging from $3 -$8! We had the fried ravioli, hummus & Old Style pizza... All of which were very good. The bartenders were nice, the prices are right & the food is great... So why not 5 stars??? The noise! I know it can't be helped but I have never been in a restaurant that was this loud!!!!!!My friend works here so I come here often and I honestly love it. The food is great and service is good. I've tried the duck wontons.. delicious. The old school pizza sooo good and only $5 bucks during happy hour. The garlic parm wings were really good. Also loved the double cheese burger. Also liked the Mac and cheese and eggplant parm bites. My friend got the mussels and they were huge. And her boyfriend got the roast pork sandwich, he said it was good. If you come on the weekend ask for Ali, she's the best.Attentive and friendly staffs.  Great place to have a few drinks and some comfort foods with friends. Nothing fancy or pretentious.Chick's is my go-to spot in the neighborhood for great food, drink & atmosphere. Always excellent service from all of the staff.  LOVE the salmon ( please bring it back soon :) ) duck confit wontons, the steak en frites, pizza etc. Heck, everything is delicious & on point every single time.It's nice to see West Washington Ave gain another restaurant. This is definitely a neighbourhood spot, not so much a destination restaurant to go out of your way for. The pizzas are consisntly good, the cocktails, less consistently good.The staff is always welcoming and beyond accommodating. My boyfriend and I always tend to sit at the bar and every bartender we've had has been kind, respectful and attentive. The food has always been great and we've never walked away disappointed! Can't say enough about this new neighborhood favorite. I hope it stays around for years to come!I work down the street from here. When we saw a new restaurant was opening up, we were all eager to try it, since there's not a ton on Washington Ave besides the Halal cart or Tacos.
The servers were very attentive, and I definitely get the sense that they're going for a more upscale vibe. But the size of the salad I ordered, for the price that I paid, was really small. My co-worker's sandwich seemed to be the same way. Someone got one of the pizzas, which the kitchen got wrong, and then comped for us. I was told both incorrect pizza and correct pizza were good.
I think the biggest headscratcher for me here is why they're trying to open this kind of restaurant on Washington. Maybe it'd be better for dinner, and the menu did list some happy hour specials, but they're way overpriced for lunch (the time when the most people are out on the road), and I wouldn't go back.Really cool new spot on Washington by Grad Hospital and Point breeze. Awesome ambiance, great happy hour specials, yummy menu. I got the BBQ chicken salad (It was ok, nothing to write home about). My boyfriend got the greek salad which he loved and we split fries that were very tasty!  Looking around at other peoples food everything looked great between the pizza, burgers, wings, etc. Next time I will opt for something more along those lines, but overall, great experience and will definitely be heading back throughout the summer!Great addition to the neighborhood. Large open space with a fairly large bar. Garage doors open so great in nicer weather. Only had a couple beers here and their offerings are extensive. I saw other patrons eating pizza burgers and mussels and all the food smelled and looked great. Staff are super friendly. Definitely recommend.One of the greatest Hot and New spots yet! Amazing food, great atmosphere in a casual setting! Who could ask for more!! Definitely coming back to try their brunch! Service was great!  Love the people, great hot and new crowd!I feel like I've never experienced such good service in a long time! Loved the server, busser, manager who stopped by- all warm, thoughtful without being obtrusive. Plus the food was delicious! Can't go wrong with sausage gravy and homemade biscuits and home fries. Couldn't eat the rest of the day, we were so full!Here for happy hour. Great beer selection and friendly staff. Pretty crowded for 4:15 on a Thursday but that is good for them. Have only had the hh deviled eggs that were small but tasty. A couple guys sitting next to us got mussels which looked and smelled great. Service still needs some tweaking but that is to be expected for a new establishment.Went to brunch here to meet friends and I was so pleased with everything from the food to the service I decided to write my first review in a long time.
The space is large and open, has the industrial vibe going for it. My wife and I split the huevos rancheros and avocado toast and both were great. Huevos rancheros is one of my favorite dishes and these were on point! The portions are hearty and no one left feeling hungry.Came by here for dinner.  There's lots of TVs around to watch local games going on.  There's usually happy hour specials every weekday.  
I ordered the cheeseburger (brisket/short rib blend, shredded lettuce, onion, pickles, american, special sauce, brioche bun).  It was a great taste by burger). The shoestring fries were ok.  There were a bit cold and some tasted burnt.  
My wife also had the wake and bake burger and loved it too.  Service is good and fast!My husband and I went for dinner on a Wednesday and the place was packed, which is always a good sign, so we sat at the bar. The service was terrible but the food was delicious. We had to wave down the bartender every time we wanted a drink or order food. They didn't look busy and one bartender was hand drying glasses out of the dishwasher the entire time we were there. They did not pay attention to any guests sitting at the bar. I would recommend they get another bartender to derive the restaurant drink orders so the other bartenders can pay attention to the people at the bar.
We had the wings which were great (Highly recommended) and the truffle pizza. The jalapeño cocktail was so so and there is a good selection of beers are tap. I hope they are able to work out the kinks and we will try again probably during football season.Excellent new addition and just what South philly needs. Chicks blew me away with the number of beer options on tap and their food didn't disappoint either. 
Pizza was good; fries were perfect. Beers kept coming and there were no complaints from anyone at the table/ 
I will certainly be going back, likely for happy hour, and will continue to add to this review as I try my hand at the rest of their menu.Food was good. Nice place with a lot of good beers on tap. BUT.....the service was soooo bad that I can't see my way to give it more than one star.Finally another restaurant in/near graduate hospital!! It's really slim pickins in grad hospital, so this is a much needed addition. I've been here twice so far - once for a late night drink and snack and then on Sunday for brunch. There was a pretty substantial wait both times I was here, but the bar is big enough to hang around to wait for a table and the staff at the front of the restaurant was extremely helpful and friendly and kept me updated on my table and provided suggestions when new tables opened up. It was really appreciated that they actually cared! They have an awesome selection of beers and my waiter was really knowledgable when I asked him for suggestions. I really wish I could remember his name because he was amazing (tall, thin, glasses... that's all I got...). I had the margarita pizza late night. It was pretty good but I definitely was interested in a lot of other things on the menu, but my group wasn't into getting food at the time. For brunch I had the In Bruges (YUM!) but could have used a little spice (maybe a spiced honey?) and my friend had the loaded bagel, which I thought was amazing and vowed to come back for it. The menu is interesting and different. Almost everything sounded delicious and is very different from your basic bar food. Overall, I think Chick's has a really cool vibe and I'm glad they opened before summer because I have a feeling I'll be here a lot.I was hoping this place was gonna be good. I'm all for the changes Washington Ave has made. Right off the bat coming in I was "greeted" by manager, Ilona, who was dismissive of my inquiries of the place. She kinda answered my questions, but in the bitchiest and condescending way possible. Not welcoming what so ever. I decided to walk away from her and make my way towards the bar. The draft list was large but redundant. Pales, IPAs, Pilsners and Lagers were represented in mass. No variety. I ordered a Old Fashioned and my bartender began pouring it with Canadian Club.   The one redeeming thing from this was the pizza. Perfectly made. The price of the pizza was a little steep. Reminded me of the hip pizza fad that's been sweeping this city (vetri, nomad, etc).  All in all, this place has all the class and warmth of an episode of Jersey Shore.Had the luxury of trying the food and drinks before the grand opening. Everything was absolutely amazing. We had the meatballs and duck wontons for appetizer, BBQ chicken salad, and the vita pizza . Everything was perfect taste wise and portion wise. The drinks are amazing and the atmosphere is top of the line. It's a swanky sports bar feel (not sure what category it falls under)  with food options that don't compare to the other bars in the area. Can't wait to go back for the grand opening!Excellent food, great ambiance and atmosphere and priced well!!!  Went for the first time this evening and the food was delish!!!  
Drinks, apps, pizza and salmon mmm mmm good - would absolutely go back ;-). Was really busy on a Thursday night and all the waitstaff were friendly throughout.This place is awesome and just what was needed for that location. When I went with a friend a few weeks ago I was pleasantly surprised to see how open the restaurant felt, the large bar, and the great TV set up to watch games. We did not eat there, just had beers and watched football however we will definitely go back just off that experience alone.A South Philly gem! Stopped in here one Saturday night and the place was packed so we ended up sitting at the bar. There were a couple flat screens above the bar so the bf was happy he could watch the basketball game that was on. I appreciated their vast beer and cocktail selection. I had a good, strong peartini and was happy. I'm a sucker for short rib so it was a no brainer when it came to ordering. The braised short rib was accompanied by mashed potatoes and roasted brussels. It was so apparent I was enjoying myself a mysterious other fork made its way onto my plate to have a try (Hmm, I wonder who's that was...lol). Service was great and I can't wait to go back. Great date spot for sure.Mashed potato pizza. Oh.Em.Gee. Cool space, I'm just happy there's another close-by bar that also has good food to add to the list. Really crowded but hopefully it dies down just enough that you're not on top of everyone.Ordered from Chick's before and I've always been happy with my food. Tonight I tried their Salmon Piccata. For $16.50 I expected a lot more food. This is robbery.Went here for dinner recently. It was crowded on a Friday night. Good happy hour specials, wine and beer for $4 and mixed drinks for $6. Wait staff was extremely friendly, upbeat and helpful. I ordered the chicken salad which is a popular item there. It was good, next time I would get the dressing on the side as the ranch was a bit too much. French fries were really good, shoestring style. My niece had the mac n cheese which was good and served in a large portion. My brother in law had the part sandwich and said it was really good. All in all a nice place, good American food but nothing too crazy.Chicks is a great addition to Washington ave. The food is decent and the beer selection is good.Love the food! I had a special appetizer tomato salad, it was the best tomato I ever had. My friend had the meatballs app. delicious. My waiter was amazing Chario. Manager was very professional and attentive. Desserts we had was made onsite ricotta cheesecake perfect! My friend had the chocolate torte he loved it. I have told people about this place, some said they heard good things about it. Prices were good. I'll be back!I enjoyed myself this evening. I love the atmosphere. My waiter couldn't be any kinder or hard working / NATE. The menu had ample choices.  Fish tacos were great, The bruschetta was great. The particular pizza that I got was definitely not my favorite although I loved all the ingredients within the pizza itself - it was the one with the Brussels sprouts / perhaps I would get again when the weather is cooler. 
I would definitely go back again. It has a very nice city vibe open space feel. And the food was very good! 
ENJOY - you won't be disappointedI have been here a couple of times. It is step above the typical sports bar. First, the service is excellent with friendly and attentive service.  You never have to look around for your server if you want another round of drinks or need anything.  The food is also excellent.   The salads are fresh and the portions good (I usually split a salad).  I have had the falafels and the fish tacos.  Both are tasty and very fresh.  I haven't had the pizza yet.  It is always crowded and the noise level is high but its a eclectic designed place.  I hear a bakery may be in the works.  Great neighborhood place.I came here for an impromptu lunch with a friend and was pleasantly surprised! Parking was rough, but this neighborhood is growing so that makes sense. I got the roast pork sandwich, spicy boy pizza, and pineapple mojito. The roast pork was delicious, super juicy, roll was good too. Wish maybe the roll had a little crunch to have texture against all the mush of roast pork but I still tore it up. The pizza was good, definitely spicy, lots of great flavor, came out hot and freshly made. Pineapple mojito also delicious. Would definitely come backGiving this place a true Philly YO welcoming them to the neighborhood and thanking them for the good grub.  This morning I dined there to test their brunch skills.  Had the banana foster waffle, sans the ice cream because I'm not a dairy person, and it was still satisfying.  Added a side of protein, bacon, which was cooked crisp, delish.  Brunch experience rating was an 8 out of 10 for delicious food, prompt, friendly service and good looking, clean, industrial ambience.  Definitely going back for more, happy hour and dinner here we come.  Look forward to the take out option as well, SOSNA needs some more pizza options, so bring it, Chick's!The food was great! I got the wake and bacon burger. Which was amazing! The blended party delicious and the egg perfectly cooked with the yolk soaking into the fries. One of the best egg on top burgers I've ever had! The issue I had like many reviewer was the service. I sat at the bar at 4pm on a Saturday, the flow was steady but not swamped with people, but they only had one bartender working the whole bar and making drinks for the whole restaurant. I had to wait over 20mins after the point I said I wanted to order food before I got service and almost just left cash for my beer and walked out. But when the bartender was able to get back to me  she apologized profusely and was great. She was clearly swamped and I never saw her stop working the whole time I was there. Definitely a staffing issue behind the bar. But the food and beer list were great so I would definitely give it another try.The duck wontons were excellent. Tried the La Viva pizza, which was also very tasty. I ordered the chicken parm sandwich, but the waitress forgot to put the order in. It eventually came. Was good, little on the dry side, could have used some more sauce or as people think it's called gravy. 
Will definitely return.Came with my husband and young son. The beet salad and lamb gyro wrap were both fantastic. The wrap was super flavorful and the meat was very tender. The sangria on special was too watered down for our liking. Great atmosphere for families but note there is no changing table for small kids. We'll be back!We went on a Thursday night at around 7pm.  It was difficult to find parking, but eventually found a spot a few blocks away.  There was a 30 minute wait, but found a spot at the bar in about 10 minutes and decided to eat there.  The bartenders were very nice and offered samples of the beers on taps before ordering a full glass. We did ask for their size recommendation on pizzas and they suggested the larger of the two sizes.  It was massive and we certainly could have gotten the smaller pizza and still had left overs.  We got the truffle shuffle and it was delicious.  It came out quickly and was clearly freshly made. 
The venue was well decorated for a pizza spot, although can get quite loud.  I would definitely go back and even order a pizza for take out.  The prices are reasonable and they have a variety of beers on tap.This place is amazing! Exactly what the neighborhood needed. Delicious beers on tap, the pizzas are creative and addicting, and the brunch doesn't disappoint either. I've tried the In Bruges and Old Forge and honestly they were both some of the best pizzas I've had. I LOVED the sausage gravy and biscuits I ordered for brunch. Excited to try more of the dishes!This has to be one of the best grubhub experiences so imagine what it's like when you eat the food fresh there.
We got the Duck Wontons which were so delicious. The duck was very tender in the wontons and did not taste gamy which can happen when it gets overlooked. The sweet chili sauce was a bit sweet for my own preference, I but it's still a great appetizer.
The pho mussels were amazing too. It's a bit on the spicy side so be ready for a kick. It smells like pho, but doesn't really taste like pho (must be the bean sprouts and Thai basil)  hehe
The Cabernet braised beef short rib with garlic mashed potato and sautéed brussel sprouts was also delicious. The short ribs were so tender and just peeked apart with a fork. The mashed potatoes were creamy and the Brussels has s nice charred taste. However, the sauce was a bit on the salty side.
We also went for the Old School Pizza and added mushrooms. Great mushrooms and generous with the cheese. This is some Doug Funny pizza. I just prefer thinner crusts, but still great pizza.Do not even try coming to this place if you have over 5 guests!!!!! Waiting for over an hour and a half even though there were open tables. The hostess shared they were saving a table for 8 for a party ahead of us that had been waiting longer even though there was no one else around the restaurant or above us on list.  Not to mention no one sat at the table the entire night....guess her imaginary friends did not arrive!   Could be a cool place if they fired their hostess/manager.  She was very stuck up and rude with her comments towards are party, asking us if we had secrets to tell as she overheard us talking about her terrible self.  Food was great so brought rating up as well as our waitress who turned our opinion around thankfully.I liked it so much, I did it twice. Enjoyed a great dinner with the girls last Friday & brought my husband back the next night. We're delighted to see this casual eatery open in the Graduate neighborhood. It's attracting a diverse crowd of diners who appreciate good food & drink served in an upscale, comfortable atmosphere.
The mushroom truffle pizza is pure bliss & the salmon BLT is more than delicious. Kudos to the  servers who maintain their attentive & friendly attitudes with all that's happening. It was great meeting the owners, who stopped by each table to chat. Their passion & creativity, Philly roots, & their love of this city combine to make this spot a winner in my book.Came here twice. Once for Happy Hour and the 2nd time for a late night drink. I'm definitely digging the location. Nice addition to the area. Usually people don't complain when they ordered cocktails and it comes out strong but both time I was here my drinks were so strong I thought I was drinking straight from the bottle. Even the girl next to me said her drinks were too strong. I did ordered a frozen lemonade type drink and it was definitely better. Will come back here cause it's a nice hang out spot to chill.Excellent atmosphere with a great draft beer list, delicious upgrades in old favorites (like ricotta on a chicken park sandwich), and friendly people. Can't wait to go back.I love this place! We all know Washington Ave has been in need of a spot like this for a long time. Chick's has great food, an amazing beer selection, and fun staff. Anthony the bartender is the greatest and always makes sure we are well taken care of. This is definitely my new neighborhood spot.I came here for happy hour drinks on  a Wednesday. I haven't had the food yet but I can say that this place rocks for happy hour. They have over ten beers on tap and have the coolest industrial black pipe tap design. The whole place is nicely designed, perfect for lots of drinking. It has a modern meets rustic meets industrial look that really works. The bar is a nice size with about 20 seats. The bartenders were really attentive. The guy next to me ordered the meatballs appetizer and they were giant and looked delicious. The menu looks pretty awesome too. I look forward to having dinner here.I've ordered from Chick's in the past, and food has been a good. But we came in with party of four adults and two kids Saturday 9/30 and the hostess proceeded to sit multiple parties ahead of us. When we inquired, she said there are no tables of six available... But several tables of four next to each other that could have been pulled together, as has been done for other parties already seated. As we left, another table of 8 was arguing with her as well. Hopefully someone can help the hostess on table management.Really cool spot. The variety of good food was impressive. Duck wontons were one of the best things I've ever had. Had a pizza with Brussels sprouts on it that was amazing as well. Definitely look forward to another visit.Went to Chicks on Saturday 1/27/18. 7 of us for Brunch.  Great Place!!!. Food was fabulous.  The Shrimp and Grits best ever.  The Artichoke Pizza was a great choice.  The Beet and Orange salad was a favorite.  Love this Place.   Highly recommend.I've been dying to try Chick's since they opened and finally had a chance. The space was much larger than I was expecting and it was pretty busy on a Saturday afternoon. I was curious to how the choice of location would work out for them. 
I follow Chick's on Instagram and it seems like they always have fun deals and specials, but didn't have any when we went. I got one of their artisan pizzas which was very good and definitely meant to be shared. Overall a little pricier than I expected but yummy food and probably a fun atmosphere to watch a sports game and hang with friends.
The one big downside is the lack of an HVAC system. They have wall AC units so it was HOT.New place in the neighborhood. Great food, even better service, and a very relaxed environment. I will definitely be returning to try more items on the menu!Decided to give it a try..... we ordered a few things and it was extremely overpriced. The fish and chips were horrible and extremely over cooked and ugly! The pizza was dripping with oil and super chewy with a sour taste. The wings were mediocre. The total price of this meal was $53!!! Never again !First time at Chick's and overall a great experience! Service was awesome! The food was great and good size portions! Would highly recommend and definitely will be back!Chicken is dry and tough to chew. The greens look like from a generic supermarket bag. Nothing is fresh. I can't believe I paid 17$ for this!!!!Food is decent.  Execution and service is poor and hasn't changed since week one.  Rating the service as a 2 and the food at a 3.5.  The image is an order of takeout wings.  First, No blue cheese side.  Second, these wings should be drenched in sauce.  Lastly, you call some of these wings?  The cost of $3 at the market, $12 here you'd think they'd step up their game.  Mr Chicks, come over my house (its 50 ft away) I'll show you some real wings.good hh
friendly staff
lively atmosphere with an open garage concept which is unique to the restaurant scene in philly
decent bites (although mussels need to be better prepared as they were too mushy for my liking)Food is amazing, the meatloaf, the meatballs, burger etc all good. It does tend to get loud in there but in a good way this place is poping ,also the servers are all nice and helpful . Now the people that are complaining on these other reviews should go to a quiet boring place if that's what they want and cut them a break they just openedVery cool spot. Open-air garage with tons of seating, bar or tables. Communal bathroom with individual stalls for all genders. 
Happy hour was solid. $6 for a personal pizza that is totally shareable between two people. It's thin crust with good sauce to cheese ratio, and parmesan sprinkled right on top. $4 deviled eggs with a nice horseradish kick. $3 draft Yuengling. 
Service was awesome. Tons of servers and bartenders that were all very friendly. 
Probably will be back for happy hour and not dinner. Many of the menu items were very pricey.Came for happy hour and stayed for dinner. Happy hour specials are pretty legit - $4 wine, a selection of $3 beers and $6 well drinks. I had a margarita that was not great, but the chips, guac and salsa were divine. Actually, the salsa was some of the best I've had - somewhat spicy and smooth. 
We ordered a pizza, which was definitely big enough for two people to share. While it was good, I'm not sure I'd rush in for another.
Love that Chick's is bringing a part of Washington Ave. to life that has been rather dormant. I'll be back for beers and snacks.I've ordered 3x from there! All the same times they have forgotten my salmon on salad and just offered to refund me. I find one time, it's okay, but for this to be a repeating pattern! I would NOT order from there, as often food, doesn't even come warm, but I would EAT there!Really like this place. All the food we've had here has been great. 
Unfortunately, the service does bring it down a notch. I've been here a handful of times and I don't think there has been a time where we got our food right the first time. We either get the wrong drinks or missing toppings on the pizza. One time one our relatives ordered the meat ragu, and they bought out a meatless pasta and tried to tell us it was meat flavored sauce - very strange. 
All in all, will continue coming because the food is really good, but hoping they can improve upon their service.Great food and great service! Even though the place was packed for happy hour/dinner around 5:30pm, Nate made sure we were enjoying our meal at all times. 
All of the food came out pretty quickly and was amazing.  The meatballs appetizer is well portioned and the meat was very juicy without being drowned in sauce unlike places where it seems like the meatballs are premade and have been sitting in a pot for a long time. 
The Italian market mussels come in a delicious tomato gravy with garlic and toasted ciabatta bread. Also fresh, delicious, and large portion. 
Lastly, the Spicy Boy pizza. Prefer our pizza a bit crispier, but was still really tasty w cherry peppers, fior di latte, chorizo iberico, and hot honey. Can definitely imagine myself craving this again. 
Can't wait to come back and sit at the bar for happy hour, which I believe is from 3-6.Came here for the first time last night. My roommate and I sat at the bar. The bartenders were very nice and very attentive despite the dinner rush. We got the Greek salad to start. It was delicious- perfect for splitting and very fresh.  We also got the "small" big rock pizza and added mushrooms. The atmosphere is fun, food is great, we will definitely be back!Have been here a few times now due to its proximity to the wifey's job and our place. Nice and new spot with good open air style hang out spot to sit and chill. Great happy hour prices (full pizza for 7 bucks) with solid food and drink options. Brunch also has a great selection as well. Relatively big portions for the price with friendly staff. Great addition to our neighborhood for sure.Stopped in on a Thursday night after landing at PHL for a late family dinner.  The pros - The food was delicious.  We ordered the Salmon, Korean tacos and a grilled cheese for the little one. We each loved our food and also felt like everything was reasonably priced.  Nice casual atmosphere etc.  The only con was how long it took to get our food.  (Over a half hour and it wasn't very busy) People who came in after us were eating before us - we did notice every single one of the other tables ordered muscles and pizza.  Would 100% go back and 100% recommend - maybe just not so late with the kids trying to grab a quick bite to eat.I went for an early dinner and drinks, the food was amazing!! The Rigatoni Bolognese was fantastic, I make gravy but this was awesome. We also had drinks the winter Cosmo was delicious, I'm not a huge sweet drinker but this was perfect.  I'll definitely be back, it was out of this world!! Our server was very pleasant and gave us his opinion, great service!!