One of my favorite take out Chinese places I have ever had. I get food from here all the time and every time it is excellent. The only thing was one time that I had delivery it was pretty late, but I just get takeout now and I don't think having a bad driver really impacts how I rate restaurants. Food is great. Takeout is fast. Five stars.It's certainly a step up from the average Chinese take-out, but still nothing impressive. The food is slightly less greasy than expected for Chinese, which I liked, but besides that the dishes are pretty standard.
I had the dan-dan noodle special (flavorful but no Han Dynasty), some tofu dish, and vegetable dumplings. The dumplings were too dough and the filling was 90% broccoli. The tofu was good but not as spicy as the menu suggested. 
I'll likely give this place a second try, since I live nearby, but not in any rush to do so.Had szechuan cucumber  appetizer and shredded pork with long hots. Good spice level. BYOB.The food is amazing but delivery guys sucks!! He is the reason I am never ordering from here again. The last time I ordered he rudely asked me to walk to the store to get my food and accused me of never tipping. I usually order late and don't feel safe walking at night. Also I tip on the app since I never carry cash. Either way he had no reason to be rude. I ordered food tonight. It took almost 2 hours to get my food even tho the restaurant is like a 5 mins drive away. I kept calling the store and they said he was on the way. When I asked him why it too so long he said "you don't see the rain it's been busy". His tone was condescending unapologetic and inappropriate. The driver obviously doesn't know how to treat customers! For that I refuse to order from them again!!!!?If you get the food to go or delivered, it is really good. In house the services is very lacking. If it wasn't because the food is good, the rating would be lower. Dont come here with toddlers who need highchair or booster seat, as they dont have any of those.My family and I came to Philadelphia to visit Okawa Asian restaurant in university area their foods taste so tasty . I am strongly recommended all new visitors. We found our new restaurant.Why haven't I checked this place out sooner?! We ordered general Taos, dumpling, and rice. We got the food home and it was still crispy and delish! I have yet to find tasty Chinese in west philly....until now! Get you someTried it out for lunch - spicy and delicious. also liked that the water came with a big piece of fresh lime. been looking for a new Chinese spot and this is itFood was great . Service was great ! Very clean and quite. I ordered shrimp fried rice and general tos chicken . Every thing came out hot and steamy like I like it !Why haven't I checked this place out sooner?! We ordered general Taos, dumpling, and rice. We got the food home and it was still crispy and delish! I have yet to find tasty Chinese in west philly....until now! Get you someSo I ordered from okawa this past friday. I placed my order via grubhub and I ordered a bento box with miso soup teriyaki salmon 3 dumplings and 3 pieces of California roll. I remember the website asked if I wanted to add a can of soda for 50 cents extra....of course I said yes.  I also ordered a small shrimp fried rice and small chicken and broccoli as well as an order of crab rangoon. Food came to about 30 bucks which seemed fair.The food came fast and was hot when it arrived. I got my food from the delivery guy set it down and finished what I was doing and opened my bag like 10 mins later. No miso soup. By now the place was closing soon but I still called back just to let them know at least that they left out my soup. I got someone on the phone. Explained they left out my soup. They told me the soda replaces the soup which was not what was said on website. They then said the were closed and would refund 50 cents to my card for the misunderstanding  -_-. I would have rather they not answer the phone at all. Update your website so that it's more specific please!Food took 2 1/2 hours to deliver. They offered no compensation and refused to drop their $5 delivery fee. Poor cs from the restaurant and the driver especially. Bogus. 
Pho broth was pretty on point though.**this restaurant has new ownership and menu**
authentic and delicious Szechuan cuisine! The hardworking owner is very sweet. Her service is excellent and gracious.
Please try the non-Americanized dishes, it's where they shine. A lot of the dishes are meant for sharing as well. They're larger family style portion so great for a date or groups.
Also, their scallion pancakes are legit!portions are tiny. prices are pretty high. i've ordered several different dishes and they're all just ok. chinese noodles and mapo tofu tasted like nothing but pure sesame oil. food always arrives cold, not even warm...and a mess because the delivery guy is in a rush. he yells at you to come to the door to pick up your food. he once yelled at me to pick up my food and i still waited like ten min. the first thing out of his mouth should be "i apologize..." or "i'm sorry..." instead, he walks up to me and the first thing out of his mouth is "are you chinese?!" no i am not and that's none of your fucking business what the fuck i am...i can be a fucking shoe for all it matters as long as i am fucking paying customer, where do you come off asking that fucking question to me? AND he still expects you to tip him. 
to top it all off, tonight's order was wrong-the spicy crunchy salmon roll was def not crunchy. DEFINITELY no longer spending my money here!Do not order from this place the food is horrible and they don't make it the way you asked I told the girl 3 times how I wanted it.when she's on the phone she acts like she's stupid she keeps saying umm..umm like she don't know what the hell she is doing . you have been warned and also there was a roach in my food my lawyer will be contactedOrdered food via grubhub.  Waited almost two hours but they never arrived.  Called restaurant several times no answer.  Finally called grubhub and they told me the restaurant had closed.So, I ordered delivery through GrubHub.
The food was cold on arrival, probably because it arrived about an hour and a half after I ordered and almost 40 minutes outside of GrubHub's predicted time period. It was snowing lightly to give them credit, but this place also less than 15 minutes from my house, so I'm still not sure about the hold up.
What I ordered was pretty tasty, but... I found a hair (long, straight and black) in my egg drop soup, and I didn't notice it until I was halfway through. Not a single person in my family has hair of that type so... no hairnets, I'm guessing.
The portions of the appetizers are small in comparison to the price. Like their scallion pancake being $4.50 was fine, I'm used to paying those prices but it was smaller than I've ever seen it. I was wondering where the rest of it was.
The Miso soup had barely anything in it (including flavor). Little to no tofu, and two pieces of seaweed.
The bento was a good size for its price compared to the rest of the menu and the flavors weren't horrible (even the Miso soup wasn't inedible... it just didn't taste like much of anything at all.) I don't think I would go back for ordering out, but I might try their dine-in experience since it might be better.I'd read so many negative reviews on west philly local... so here's my experience. 1 pm the other day saw on their site they are open for lunch... drive by and not opened. so I called and they answered I said when are u open they said now I said your. doors are locked and security gate us down they said open now (I was parked out front ) then they opened so I stopped in and got a menu... 2 weeks later... I live on Baltimore a few blocks down the guy who answered the phone (I'm trying to get delivery) didn't know Baltimore ave I'm like it's your same street he also had never heard if duck sauce??? but I did manage to order delivery in the end. I'll keep u all posted but thus doesn't seem promising...got my delivery ... soggy and bland dumplings were ok veg egg roll was stale and hard. Kung pao a bunch if doggy zucchini and broccoli   Sorry won't be backTheir lunch specials are awesome!  Rice is perfect! Noodle is perfect! I tried their beef with broccoli and it's so good. Hot and sour soup is one of the best selection.The deliver took really long, but I also was told that so, I guess it balances out. Although they could find a way to increase food delivered to be under an hour and a half. That's insane. 
The food was decent. The packaging was beautiful. 
The 3 star comes from the long delivery, (which wouldn't matter if you did pick-up), the really small portion and the fact that I asked for fried rice and I got white rice. 
Also, a little pricey for the amount of food you get...
Would I order from here again? Probably not.First time eating here food was delivered fast, I had the mei fun with shrimp even through my food was fresh whoever made it use to much peanut oil which gave it a burnt spell and taste. The cheese wontons where fresh and taste great and shrimp roll was good
 Ok third time eating here delivery took well over a hour the delivery man was rude my miso soup was all juice and I'm sure it was old. Never bring soy sauce or napkins  which makes them look cheap Done ordering from hereThis is genuine and delicious Sichuan and it's BYOB! I lived in Southwest China for 2 years and it reminded me of my time there.  The owner, is so sweet and provided great service. We had the wontons in spicy sauce, sour beans with ground pork, shredded potato with green pepper, eggplant with garlic sauce and Kung Pao chicken. We loved everything and can't wait to come back. It's fairly new and seems like many folks haven't discovered it yet- they are missing out on this gem!Loved my meal. Ordered shrimp and broccoli and some spicy tuna rolls. Was fresh and tasty. Delivery time wasn't bad. I'll definitely be ordering from them again.This place is solid. It's better than almost all of the hole in the wall chinese spots around west philly but not quite as good as fancier chinese places. Perfect right in the middle as far as pricing as quality. We've enjoyed everything we have ordered although the szechuan tofu doesnt even compare to chili szechuan. Their pad thai isnt authentic but its good. Green beans are delicious. Great for take out or delivery- haven't eaten there yet.Perhaps the dishes are not the most flavorful in the world, but the food is good, staff is nice, portions are generous, prices are very moderate, and delivery is fast.Probably the worst Asian restaurant I've been to in the US, ordered Thai grilled shrimp but received grilled fish , Singapore muffin was decent, tso chicken was so so, 2 stars !Good food overall! 
Things I really like:
Eggplant in garlic sauce
Broccoli in garlic sauce
String beans
Fried veggie udon
Things that are not so good:
Pad thai (really not good pad thai)
Veggie dumplings
I will be back for sure!I thought everything tasted fine but the sesame chicken made me very sick. A friend (who's a vegetarian) gets takeout from here all the time and has never had an issue, so if I come back, I definitely will only eat vegetarian.As I go to work I pass by this restaurant via 34 Trolley and was excited to see 'open'. So, I ordered food via Seamless to pick up. I ordered : Miso Soup, Steamed vegetable Dumplings and Vegetable Chow Fun. Excited to see this dish as Vegetarian, as other local Chinese restaurants have only meat options for chow fun. 
Food was almost ready when I arrived to pick up. It was pipping hot when I arrived home to eat.. Thought everything I ordered tasted good. Love that they have many japanese items on menu as well as Vegetarian options. 
There is a dining room if you prefer to eat at restaurant. I plan to come back and maybe my friends will want to try this restaurant too.First time eating here food was delivered fast, I had the mei fun with shrimp even through my food was fresh whoever made it use to much peanut oil which gave it a burnt spell and taste. The cheese wontons where fresh and taste great and shrimp roll was good tooBetter than average Chinese food - and delivered! We ordered a few dishes to share including the scallion pancakes (yum!), spring rolls (ok), chicken teriyaki  (yum!), hot & sour soup (decent), and sesame chicken (good but way to sweet). 
Overall, we were all quite happy we upgraded to Okada from our usual Chinese food dives in the hood. They offer brown rice and the delivery option was a nice plus. Soups were tasty. The hot & sour needed more diversity of veggies (only fresh button mushrooms?) but still hit the spot. Also, if you like veggies, order a veggie side as the veggies that come with main entrees are more of a garnish (only 2-3 pieces). Also, no fortune cookies? Not a deal breaker and possibly just an oversight, but :-( 
We will indeed order from them again. It was a little more than our usual (Choy Wong or Lucky's) but the better food quality and abundant proteins are worth it. (We have lunches for all of us for about 2 days. Hooray!)The food is generally good, in particular the ma po tofu. But, never order delivery. It took nearly 2.5 hours to arrive.The food is decent. Preparation was fast. Eggplant with garlic sauce was spot on. Veggie dumplings, however, were a flavorless disappointment. I think they have nothing but the blandest possible cabbage in them.I don't write a lot of reviews, but last night's meal from Chili Garden was easily the worst Chinese my wife and I have ever had. We order on Yelp maybe twice a month, and expect variety, but, regardless of price, it's always edible. My General Tso's chicken was incredibly dry and doused in Five-Spice powder that didn't cook into the sauce. My wife's wonton soup was bland and the noodles wouldn't hold their shape. The rice and lo mein were decent--but what a disappointment on a movie night.This place GOT GOOD. The vegan and vegetarian options are awesome. Try the Szechwan tofu or tofu Dry pot. West philly gem !I have to update my review after ordering from Okawa last night. While I stand by the comment that their food is delicious and fresh, I ignored comments from other people indicating hair from found in their food. Low and behold yesterday I found a very long piece of thin black hair in my food. Extremely long in fact. Needless to say, I will NOT be ordering from them again and it's a shame cause I do love their food.Wish I could give them less stars because their customer service is beyond terrible. The first time I ordered from them they DID NOT give me a courtesy call telling me my food was here. Instead, they left it outside when it was 30 degrees outside so the food was left out in the cold for at least 20 min. The second time I ordered they cancelled my order without my knowledge. I even called to confirmed and they claimed it was on its way. But, I found out via email that they cancelled my order 30 min after I placed it. These people are so rude and they should not be treating customers like this.Don't be fooled by this rating. After reading the reviews all the lower ratings are because of delivery. 
Don't get delivery/take out, a lot of these dishes are meant to be eaten there and they are fantastically flavorful. This is the best Chinese food I've ever had in Philly (I've lived here over a decade) and probably in the top 3 I've ever had. 
The main woman (owner?) is so sweet and very helpful. Skip Chinatown and check this spot out, no frills byob quality ingredients and preparation.Their lunch specials are good! I have tried their beef with broccoli and dry pepper chicken. Hot and sour soup is one of the best options but too small...This place never disappoints with how delicious it is. Portion sizes are also great. Service is wonderful. This is my go-to for Chinese food in this area.I get takeout regular 2/month from here and love it. 
-cumin tofu *****
-dumplings in chili oil ***** perfect 
-garlic eggplant **** delish
-string beans w Garlic/pork ***** 
-general tsos *** a little too sweet for me but tasty and it's a sweet dish to begin with so 
 I pretty mush always get the cumin tofu and garlic eggplant and I'm happy. Good quality, quick delivery, open lateish for the area, byo, good ambiance, regular spot.Chili Garden new to the neighbor and recommended by my daughter for its good fresh and something new Chinese food. So my family and I had to try them out, let me say our dinner was a delightful refreshing something new. I had gave up on dinning in or take out. I just couldn't find good tasty Chinese food. Well I highly recommend Chili Garden (B.Y.O.B) @ 4626 Baltimore Ave. Philadelphia, Pa 19143. Food awesome, service awesome, atmosphere pleasant and place very clean. We ate there food came out fast, hot and tasty. Also they have plenty of veggie dishes and spicy dishes too. I love this place and I/we will be back for all our Chinese food needs. I also need to say this food isn't your average Chinese food, also they have take out and delivery. Recommend Dan Dan noodles, shrimp rolls, citrus cucumbers, dry pepper chicken, shrimp pad thaiThis is my go to Chinese restaurant! I usually order the Dan Dan noodles, veggie spring roll, shrimp fried rice, and shrimp in garlic sauce. The dan dan noodles are amazing and vegetarian which is a bonus! The spring rolls and fried rice are great and very delicious. The shrimp in garlic sauce has a good helping of shrimp and vegetables that taste fresh. I order from this restaurant once a week and every time it is perfect. I would recommend to anyone looking for a good meal!I'm kind of surprised this only has three stars, it's a pretty damn good Chinese place, in my opinion. Duck rolls are nice, I got Gen Tso's once and it holds up incredibly well and doesn't get mushy. My go to is their Spicy and Hot Chicken, that stuff is gooooooood. Maybe it was just my order but it tasted like my Dan Dan noodles were made from spaghetti, which was... unexpected.
Nonetheless, I commend this place for somehow keeping their chicken crunchy despite me putting leftovers in the fridge overnight.This place looks like any hole in the wall Chinese restaurant BUT their customer service and their food is delicious ‼ I'm currently obsessed with the chicken broccoli and their shrimp broccoli, I also love their wonton soup! I've only been to this place a handful  of times but every time the food is amazing and their hospitality is great! I see myself visiting many more times in the futureGreat if you're craving Szechuan food but don't want to oh the Caviar food delivery price. The dry pepper chicken is comparable to han dynasty if that's what you're into. The pad Thai is surprisingly delicious though--depends on your definition of traditional and what culture you're basing it on.
This is a go to when I want to order in so I'll be eating here again for sure. As most people the issue becomes the delivery--I had asked them to call and no one did and I almost didn't get my food!!The kungpao chicken is fantastic! 
Loving the new chili garden the chef is on point with authentic Sichuan style cooking.  The staff is also incredibly nice and hospitable. Will definitely be coming here more for my Chinese food fixThis place went through couple of names/owners change in the past 5 years or so. I was a bit hesitant in going after it changed from Okawa to Chili Garden. When Chili Garden first started they did not offer lunch specials; I was told they wanted to set themselves above other typical Chinese take out places and offer more authentic Chinese regional food (specifically the Szechuan region). Their prices are higher than other places and I did not want to pay a lot for a simple take out. Months later I found out they started offering lunch special (still a bit higher than other places), I guess they realized lunch specials are pretty crucial around here. My daughter decided to get orange chicken lunch special ($7.50), and I was able to taste some of her lunch. To be honest I was impressed. Chicken had more meat than batter and not dry!, it was not unnecessarily salty and sweet, and I could taste they added other spices like cumin just for extra subtle flavouring. Ever since then we ordered mainstream Chinese American dishes to compare the taste and all of them have been fresh and good. My husband wanted to try their Spicy Chicken Sichuan style and it wasn't too spicy (I'm Asian so maybe I'm biased), but full of flavour. Last night we ordered 2 chef's special (not on the menu; can you tell we got bolder and bolder), and Buddha's Delight (something safe). The first dish had spicy ground pork with tree ears (really tasty with subtle spice), and the second dish had pork belly with sliced jalapeños (not spicy, not greasy, but good balance of flavours). Buddha's Delight also had other vegetables we usually don't see in other take out places (like cauliflower and zucchini, along with more traditional veggies). What I like this place is the freshness of their food, flavouring, their food not being overly greasy, and offering beyond Chinese-American dishes. The price point is a bit sore, but it's actually not too bad. I think the chef's specials are around $14 ( depending on what you get). More traditional Chinese-American dishes are around $9, but you can go as high as $20/dish, and $38/dish here. Overall, I highly recommend this place. We always order and pick up the food, so I can't say much about their delivery.One of the most authentic Chinese (Szechuan) food restaurants I've ever been to. If you are used to typical American Chinese dishes like orange chicken and general tsao's chicken, this might not be your place. But if you are FOBs or international students who just get to Philly, this restaurant def worth a try.Just eating their food for the first time - Dan Dan Noodles and Dry Pepper Chicken. So spicy, so flavorful, I love it.It's sad to see such a poor review for Okawa being the lone customer experience on here. Okawa did a wonderful job with our pickup order earlier this week, and we can highly recommend them when you're looking for a quick bite of your Chinese food favorites.
The portions are generous for the price, and you'll have leftovers for days! We ordered chicken lo mein, sesame chicken, pork fried rice, and general tso's. All were delicious, and I can't wait to try more from their extensive menu.
When placing our order, they noted it would be 20-25 minutes. Approx 15 minutes passed, and we received a phone call that our order was ready - ahead of schedule! Most restaurants would leave your food hang out on the warmer without the follow-up, so I really appreciated Okawa's exceptional customer service.
Please ignore the first review from mark s., and give Okawa a try!I've been going to this place for over a year and it's one of my favourite places to eat Szechuan food in Philly. The food is authentic and feels home cooked. The service is kind and attentive. It's a modest place but with great food. They have great dry pot dishes, lo mein, hot and spicy fried shrimp and chicken. One of my recent favourites is their boiled fish with pickled cabbage. Love this place!Decent place. We got eggplant with garlic sauce. It's a little too sweet. The scallion pancake was a bit on the greasy side. But overall a 3.5 to 4 star Chinese restaurant.NEED A BETTER CHINESE RESTAURANT IN WEST PHILLY!!
I live close by and wanted to try out this place and hoped to be a regular customer. Spring rolls for appetizer was cold in the center and tasted below average. I ordered double cooked pork and the pork tasted yucky, smelly and not fresh(most likely frozen for months). Beside that, fried dumplings and wonton soup were good. I wouldn't take a risk going back there again :( They need to focus on the quality of food and the taste.Food was decent and service awesome but the chili cukes and Dan dans were next level spicy. I didn't specify a level but they were way spicier than Han dynasty or chili schezuan, however the hot and sour soup was next level best I've had in a while. I wish they didn't make their Dan dan's with regular old spaghetti, I wish they used a fresh soft egg noodle. But using dried Italian style Americanized pasta definitely helps them cut costs. Still paying $8 for a bowl of regular old pasta w chili oil garlic ginger and a few pieces of bok Choy seems like a rip. Spring rolls were decent. crab Rangoon was fried a little too hard and thus tough, almost too crispy and dry. Would reorder hot and sour soup though, best in the neighborhood!The other night I got some super solid American style Chinese food from Okawa at a great price. They even called me when my order was ready for pick up! Inside the restaurant is very clean and new. I live down the street and this place will probably be my go to for take-out Chinese food. I don't often write reviews on Yelp, but I noticed that this restaurant had only one review that is 1-star and written by someone who appears to be a troll (look at his other reviews).I love the Chili Garden. Food is always good, the appetizer menu has some total gems (Dan Dan Noodle anybody?!) and the server/front of house person is THE sweetest. They do a ton of takeout but I enjoy sitting down in the simple and clean dining room with a BYOB and having a great meal..Solid restaurant. Shrimp Pad thai: 7/10. Fried Auricularia with Chili Pepper: 8/10. Egg drop soup: 8/10Very authentic and delicious Szechuan food in the neighborhood. The portion is big and their menu has so much options. It's my favorite take out spot when we don't feel like cooking because I know that you can't go wrong with them.The lunch specials are a pretty good deal if you want to try a few things like soup and main dishes. The quality of the noodles is a little lacking, as they feel like they're not meant for Dan Dan noodles, instead maybe some type of Italian noodle. The spice level was good, and the spring roll was pretty light and tasted good. Whenever I try noodles like this in an Asian dish, I wonder if they are cutting quality just to save a little bit on production. Pretty average for a Chinese restaurant, if you're looking for some basics and fried goods.Don't sleep on this neighborhood gem. This place has great, authentic Szechuan cuisine for reasonable prices. I love the dry pot dishes, poached chicken, ma po tofu, and dan dan noodles. I also highly recommend the wonton soup, chow ho fun noodles, scallion pancakes, and baby bok choy with garlic. Excellent service, friendly staff, and BYOB. What more could you possibly want?This place is a jewel, and I have never been disappointed. Strongly recommend the Dan Dan noodles and Garlic Eggplant.I don't know what was happening today. We usually make a phone order and pick up orders. It usually takes about 15-20 min. Today, we ordered 3 items at 7:20pm, they said 30 minutes, and guess when we received our food? 9:00pm. How can you underestimate by an hour?? Granted, they were busy, however, something else must have been going on. I am so disappointed with them. This is not how a restaurant should operate. We are in the midst of a basement renovation and we're depending on receiving food in a reasonable time after a long day. We were all HANGRY!Ordered online. An hour or so later, I get a notification that my food has been delivered, but I hadn't gotten the food. I ended up on the phone with Grubhub for 20+ minutes only find out that the owner said that they were busy and didn't have time to make the order. Super disappointed. I get that things happen, but be up front. Don't mark the food as delivered if you didn't even make it. Just let the person know you can't fulfill the order so that they can order elsewhere.This is a different menu than when i ordered back in 2016. Again, i got food to go, but this time i was a walk in. Menu has traditional Chinese and Americanized dishes. Today i opted for noodles and dumplings. The dumplings were homemade and delicious. I got them steamed. The sauce it comes with also delicious.  My noodle dish is the "wide noodles" called chow fun. They have a section for vegetarian dishes but also you can get noodle dishes with vegetables and bean curd, which is what i chose. Had a nice array of veggies , tofu and a wonderful flavor. There are tables if you wish to dine in, carry out service and delivery options. They take all major credit cards. I shall return.I discovered this spot during the Baltimore ave dollar stroll earlier this summer and I fell in love with their food. My bf and I went tonight after my class to grab dinner and it was sooo delicious. I opted for the shrimp lo mein, and he got the chicken and broccoli with spicy garlic sauce. We also ordered a plate of the hot pepper wings.  They use a lot of spices when making their food, but your able to ask them to adjust it. It's also byob, so you could enjoy a nice bottle of wine with your food. Everyone inside the restaurant is really nice and friendly. The portions are all nice sizes, we usually order different items then share them. I live in the East Falls area and I travel to Baltimore Ave to get their food it's that good!How do I put into words how much this food means to me? My boyfriend and I order from here almost weekly at this point. Our go to favorites are the fried spare ribs (seriously so good), Dan Dan noodles, dumplings in chili oil, cumin chicken, hot and spicy chicken, general tso chicken. Also I get fried rice as my side and it's some of the best! The other thing I appreciate is how safe and conscious they are of COVID protocols. We order online and pick up from her. The only note I would say is that the online ordering system does not seem to reflect the accurate time that food is ready to be picked up so we do end up waiting outside sometimes. I don't really mind because I can tell it's a small operation and I think they deserve endless support. Give this place your money!!Shout out to Chili Garden for delivering food fast so that it was hot and fresh. Take out during covid, these  days, can be hit or miss and I find more often than not that slow delivery is common which makes for eating a cold, dried out meal. Not this time! From beginning to end, using Grubhub my order was delivered in about 20 minutes. The Dan Dan noodles were delicious. Al dente, peanuty and spicy. The scallion pancakes were a hit as well as general tso's chicken. The food was good, delivered hot... and we scarfed it down. Delicious!After numerous orders & delivery, we finally stopped in to Chili Garden. 
The space was great. Well spaced tables. Bright & clean. 
We have our goto dishes:
Spring rolls
Roasted pork fried rice
Ma Pa Tofu
Dry pepper chicken
Spicy chicken wings. 
All highly recommended. And even better the 2nd day. 
Food: spicy goodness
Ambiance: bight and spacious.
Fat friendly: absolutely. Comfortable seating.