Most of the dishes are great compared to other takeout joints.  The biggest pain in the A about this place is having to go get your food and lose your parking spot, as they don't deliver.  But its consistently good.. and always busyThe best Chinese takeout in Philly. I've been ordering from them for well over 20 years and have NEVER been disappointed!! The only downside is the wait can be a little longer on busy days because their food is so damn good!! But it's well worth the time investment.Best Chinese delivery I've had in the city.
My favorites:  pork dumplings, General Tso's, beef lo mein.
Also, super cheap for the amount you get.  It's even good cold the next day.My roommate had been ranting and raving about this place for a while ago. Having not had access to a car until recently I had remained curious about 'The amazing place down on Oregon Ave!" I never expected anything great from a place so far into South Philly that doesn't deliver, but boy was I wrong.
Having spent the last eating my way through every bean curd and broccoli dish in the city, I have to say this one is very close to the top of my list. The brown sauce that came atop my perfectly cooked bean curd and hardy pile of broccoli had such substance. It wasn't watery or overly salty. It seemed like there was effort placed into preparing the food, and for 5.00 that's hard to find.
This place is totally worth the drive into the boondocks of South Philly!Cash only, pick up only, take out only. and not much of an online presence. Sometimes ordering is complicated by communication issues. Why is this place packed at all times? Easy answer, the food is awesome. Make no mistakes here this is no ordinary China House, this is Number 5. Few reviews here because people in the know want to keep it a secret. I may lose my South Philly membership card for writing this review. You're welcome.Best Chinese food in Philly!!! They are super nice and very fast. If your a regular they will remember you. Only accepts cash (I think they have gift cards now) and take-out only.I'm from NY so my standard for Chinese take out is pretty high but wow did this place blow my mind. I ordered pick up and the order taker mentioned that it's cash only which saved me to trouble of finding out in person. When I showed up, the vibe of the restaurant was very live. The workers looked happy and were very friendly. I especially noticed when I asked for duck sauce the worker gave me a handful.. Wow another plus in my book. Most importantly, the food was banging! They gave me more food than I was used to and the food tasted amazing. I don't usually write reviews but the service and quality of this place left me no choice. I'm definitely going back.Horribble. Rude on the phone. Messed up our order. We tried telling them but the woman just kept hanging up on my husband (he has more patience than myself). We had enjoyed them the first time we used them but will stick with Asian Harbor instead.Not a bad Chinese restaurant. They have a pretty good selection to choose from on the menu and everything sounds pretty good. The service is good and the food when it came out was pretty good too. It wasn't the best meal I have had, but was pretty good for the price. Overall a good meal and good experience here.Best Chinese food in South Philly hands down!  Food is always excellent!  Food is fast very short wait time.  Never had a complaint.  I wish they delivered but well worth the drive.My favorite take out Chinese restaurant. They have the best tasting food, the way I like it.  Also, they are very friendly.  The only problem that it is cash only, and they round up (maybe I want my pennies).Simply the best chinese takeout I've been to. You can tell the food is really good here by the amount of customers coming in and out. Considering the location is not that good. So call ahead of time to avoid waiting. The thing I really like about this restaurant is none of their food is pre-cooked and its made from scratch. Unlike many of the chinese take outs I've been to, premade.
All the food they sell here is incredibly delicious. From chicken and brocolli, chicken wing, lo mein, to singapore noodles. So if your ever in South Philly and want an excellent chinese takeout, go here.
Happy Eating!!This has to be one of the best Chinese food spots I've ever been to. They seem like they use quality ingredients & the times I've been here the food was always fresh. My favorites are the chicken or shrimp with broccoli but just like any other Chinese takeout they have a variety of dishes I'm willing to try. Give it a try, doubt you'll be disappointed.I went to Philly for a conference for about 3 days. I tried many chinese restaurants at Chinatown. As a Chinese, I want to say that this one would beat many Chinese restaurants at Chinatown, although it's located at south Philly. Great food, excellent price...You won't regret if you try it. I had shrimp rice noodle soup there, and really enjoyed it!Probably the best Chinese chicken wings in the area. Depending when u go, it can get busy ( because the food is that damn good!) everything taste much more than the average corner Chinese spot. So far i tasted the general tsos chicken, beef n broccoli, pepper steak.  Super friendly workers and you could see them hustle hard to get your food asap. Call for takeout to avoid the wait. You can't go wrong with this spot!Everybody loves Chinese food. Thus is where you should get it. They are quick and nice people. Not too talkative probably because they focus on efficiency. They food is good and cheap. Large portions sizes also. However Friday nights are ridiculously packed. Order ahead if you canBest place to
Order Chinease only bad thing is u got
To pick it up , they don't deliver !  But def one of the best places in city to get a decent Chinease meal .... Service is always decent ,,I must admit, I love Chinese food and moving to South Philly from Fishtown I had a difficult time finding a decent Chinese takeout. I had the opportunity to try this place out and it has been my go to for all my Chinese cravings. The staff is all so friendly and after awhile they do remember you. I usually always call first to order because they always seem to be very busy. 
The only downfall is that it is CASH ONLY and they don't deliver. Thank God, they are very close to my  house. I have been coming here since I moved to South Philly in 2011. The quality is great and they don't mind if you have a special order/request.I know everyone has a "China House" in their own neck of the woods, but this place has awesome Chinese food. Tons of choices and everything is great. The service is fast and the staff is friendly. This place is awesome!The best! It's a bit inconvenient to have to go to the physical location (no delivery) and to always make sure we have cash, but we are willing to do it because it's the only Chinese food we've ever enjoyed. It's clean inside, the cashier is HILARIOUS, and you don't feel nervous eating the food. I always get their steamed chicken with veggies. I used to get this from another place, and China House's is SO much better. Fresh vegetables and great chicken, not fatty or stringy at all. My husband gets different things each time and has always been happy. I even find their white rice to be better. This place is definitely worth the inconvenience of pickup and cash-only.I've been going to Chine House for over 10 years now, they never ever disappoint! You will never get a meal you don't like, all the ingredients are always fresh. The staff is always pleasant and happy to see you, and they remember EVERY person that walks through the door. The only bad thing is that they don't do delivery, but I guess that shows how good they are, the customers just keep coming.Probably the best take out restaurant I have been too. I've owned a Chinese take out so I know. Always fresh, consistent, and plentiful. I will not get take out anywhere else period in south Philly!Cash only. Would have been nice to know when I placed by carry-out order.Got take out here at least a dozen time. Favorite place in South Philly. Only downfall is they don't deliver. Favorite is the Orange chicken, lemon chicken, wonton soup, chicken lol mein.This place gets great reviews for a reason.  I have been going since my next door neighbor told me about it (about 10 years ago, at least).  The food is always fresh and the workers are always friendly.  I have had the ribs, wings, Hunan beef, Hunan shrimp, General's Chicken, shrimp and broccoli, beef and broccoli, shrimp egg foo young, pork yat.  ALL EXCEPTIONAL.  I had my first hunan beef and hunan shrimp here.  They are my go-to dishes here and I have not had them as good anywhere else.Best take out EVER!  We used to live in the area and would go weekly.  We now moved about 1/2 an hour away but still make a trip down to South Philly to pick up Chinese Food from here every few months.  We get the Lo Mein and egg fu yung pretty consistently.  Also my husband loves the pizza rolls.  Enjoy!I am Chinese and man they make delicious and authentic Chinese food. You will not be disappointed.This is the best Chinese food in south Philadelphia but they never give you enough condiments such as duck sauce .. Food is great but they don't deliverThe best Chinese in South Philly! This little takeout only, cash only joint in a strip mall on Oregon Ave has the best lo mein and hot and sour soup I've ever tasted! It's our go-to for a Chinese takeout for the past 6 years. I can honestly say I leave any other place totally dissatisfied as no other restaurant compares regarding with these two items. 
The veggie lomein is chock full of veggies, nice big crisp pieces of broccoli, huge carrot chunks too. The noodles are a perfect sesame taste. 
The hot and soup soup is so flavorful and just the perfect amount of spice! It's very, very good! They make it for me sans egg and meat! 
Hubs rotates between the general tso and sweet and sour chicken. The trick is to get the sauce on the side! He subs spring rolls for egg rolls which is included in the meal and they don't disappoint! 
They are always super friendly and nice, and our food is ready for pick up, quick. 
Large portions at a great price! Leftovers for days!
While they don't speak a ton of English, they never have an issue catering to our dietary requests.Ahh the beautiful and bustling Oregon Ave...hosting a jewel of fine Chinese Cuisine.  Bottomline is this, if you want great Chinese takeout, consistently, great priced, and very well prepared....You want this place.. Full menu, staff hustles and gives you exactly what you want....
Sure there are others out there that might provide better ambiance and indoor ponds, but if it's simply "Take out" Chinese in South Philly...here ya go..fyi..it's takeout not delivery
Highlights:
Steamed Dumplings (prepared fresh, not the industry standard looking ones)We constantly purchase from this restaurant. Fast/friendly service...food staff is consistent with good service.   This restaurant has been around for a while and within the same family.   Prices are reasonable; definite recommend.Whenever I come home to visit the family, I always make my sister bring me to China House! If you want good Americanized Chinese food then you need to hit this place up! The food is DELICIOUS and very affordable (two adjectives I like). The workers here are very personable and are happy to engage you in a conversation while you wait for your food. If you get a chance to visit Philly or live there, I recommend trying this place; just know you get your food to go.
Recommendations:
*Fried Shrimp
*Friend Chicken Wings 
*Chicken Fried Rice with Shrimp (extra charge)I don't give five stars easily, but I must say that China House is as good as it gets in Philadelphia.  I've been going to China House for a few years now and they fail to disappoint.
The first time I went there, I noticed right away that:
-- there was no bullet-proof glass
-- it was very busy
-- the cashier (who I now know as Amy) was asking a patron about her mother
What?! I've never seen this in ANY Chinese food take-out spot in Philadelphia!
Then I noticed that the broccoli was fresh and the shrimp were fresh AND deveined.
When I lived 35 minutes away and had a hankering for Chinese food, I would hop in my car and risk life and limb on I-76 for my shrimp egg foo young and shrimp fried rice made with brown rice.  I also get shrimp rolls every now and again and, in the past, I've had the shrimp and broccoli.  It's all good.
Recently, I tried their shrimp in lobster sauce, which I bought at a discount, as someone ordered it and decided not to buy it because it contains egg to which they're allergic.  So Amy offered it to those of us in the store at a discount.  I don't usually do white sauce, but I took it off Amy's hands.  It was SO good!  I even poured some on my cat's crunchy food, which she hates, to get her to eat it and she tore it up!  
And the place is always busy when I go.  This is important to me.  If I walk into a restaurant and hear crickets, I walk out.  
Whenever I talk about this place to people, most already know about it and love it as much as I do.  
Anywho, the prices are reasonable, the food is always fresh, the place is clean, and the service is great.  What more do you need in a Chinese take-out?  Go!Kind of looks like a hole in the wall but the biggest dumplings with the best portions ever.  Definitely bang for your buck.  Just need to remember that it is cash only.  But definitely a reputable neighborhood Chinese place.I have been coming here for about 25 years and I have never had a bad meal. You can watch the fresh ingredients go from the wok to your meal in a few minutes. China House is in a little gritty strip mall. If you did not know about this place you would be missing a really great meal. Inexpensive and sort  of divey. Stop in.The quality of the food that they make here is very impressive.  They have a massive kitchen and make  their products fresh. The work they put into to the boneless spare rib platter blew me away. You can see the picture above(its #3of 8 in the header).  The one downside is they do not deliver. With the exception of  some of the restaurants in Chinatown  they have some of the best American Chinese food in the area.Cash only if you haven't heard.
Food was ready in less than 10 minutes.
Singapore Mei Fun was spicy and had large chunks of chicken (and onion too). 
Lots of food for the price.
Very busy even on a Tuesday night not at dinner time.I wish they were faster on delivery. Not my favorite spot to go for delivery when my stomachs is starving in agony!!Beware of China House!!
I ordered China House through Door Dash and I usually have no problems. The door dasher delivers the food, she was polite and I had no problems with her. I looked into the bag and none of the food was what we had ordered. Upon calling the restaurant they were rude for no reason, said the Dasher had taken the wrong food and demanded that we bring it back in order to get out food. My mom went and finally found the restaurant and when she brought the food to the counter, the food was snatched from her. My mom tried to explain what had happened and what she had been told to do and instead of responding in any type of manner that would have been acceptable. My mom was yelled at, cursed at, and then threatened. My mom simply stood there while she was being yelled at and kept asking them calmly why they were yelling at her and how now all she wanted was her money back. Soon the owner called the cops on her for no other reason than that and the matter was "resolved". I contacted DoorDash about this whole situation, the company representative was very apologetic and was able to issue a refund to my mom's card without any fuss. Never again will I go to China House, if I could they would zero stars! iI can't say that I tried the food but if it is anything like their employees then I know it is disgusting.I have been craving American Chinese food for a long time!  Many of my standard Chinese takeout places have been closed due to COVID-19.  I hope more will be opening back up soon!  I ordered the chicken with garlic sauce, kung pao chicken, chicken with green beans, sesame chicken, and chicken lo mein.  In my opinion, I expected the chicken with garlic sauce to be more sweet, but it was just savory.  Overall, every dish tended to be saltier than I wanted and the flavors were not as well-rounded.  Even the sesame chicken, which is supposed to be pretty sweet, was more savory and tangy.  Good portions and you can order the lunch menu on Saturdays.I have been coming here for the 25+ years that they've been in business. The food has always been " fresh, delicious and cooked the same way every single time. The kitchen is open. Not some hole in the wall. You can actually watch your food being prepared. The portions far outweigh the prices. An order can last til the next day! For example, the shrimp and broccoli, OMG! The biggest shrimps every time!!  They don't cut corners when it comes to food.
They have a takeout system going on in there where they never get your order wrong. Anybody out there that's a regular knows that they are super friendly and they actually remember your favorites before you order! So, 5 stars easy. If I could give more stars I would.I have been going to this place for many years !! The food here is so fresh, delicious, and inexpensive! The staff is very nice as well ! I always order their chicken with garlic sauce without the water chestnuts. The sauce is so flavorful with a hint of spiciness . Their chicken wings are huge and so good ( their batter is so good and are crispy ). If you are a fan of chicken gizzards, get their fried chicken gizzards with their chicken fried rice (I always ask to make the rice spicy) ! Their hot and sour soup is very flavorful and spicy (which I like ) ! This place is always packed ! 
It's cash only and you can call ahead to place an order !! EnjoyThe food is great, but they are extremely slow and disorganized. Call to place your order, wait at least 30 minutes before going to pick it up, and double check before you leave. Avoid the busy times, like Saturday nights, too. Judging the food and portions, though, China House ranks very high for me.This is a small place in a strip mall and doesn't look like much from outside. It's mostly take-out but they do have two small tables so I chose to eat in. Very busy at lunch. I had the general tso's and a shrimp egg roll. It was all fresh and tasty with just the right amount of spicy!  I'll be back!This is my one week stop when I hate the cock I love the people there the food is fantastic and cheap enough to feed two people and they always remember to give me cookies for my bird that's impressiveFood was great. Hit me like a brick with the meat sweats lol but I'll blame the 36 hours of booze that preceded my meal. Everything was flames.Today was my second time having food here. Like the first time, it was very fresh and delicious! I ordered by phone and my order was ready in the 15 min time frame I was given. I wasn't happy that my order wasn't complete. By the time I arrived home (20 mins away) I noticed the pancakes and sauce for the Moo Shu Pork wasn't in the bag. For the $10.50 price for it too. Not a good lookThis is my one week stop when I hate the cool love the people there the food is fantastic and cheap enough to feed two people and they always remember to give me cookies for my bird that's impressiveFood was good and plentiful. Wife and I ate the lunch meal for both lunch and dinner. Ordered chicken and broccoli, garlic chicken and broccoli, wonton soup and crab Rangoon. All was good. The only reason for 3 stars was during this Covid time, only one employee was wearing a mask. The lady at the counter. All the cooks and lady packing food had one hanging from her ear but not wearing. Wife contemplated refusing it , but did end up taking it . We hoped it be good cooked fresh and in a hot wok would kill any virus but still concerning. Food handlers, I know it's hot but please wear the masks!Wings were amazing. Everything else is mediocre as you would expect from a corner store Chinese food place.Good solid Chinese food. Got chicken wings, shrimp fried rice with extra veggies and egg roll. SO tried the Coral Shrimp, sauce on the side, he loved it!CASH only!
I hit up China House based on their Yelp reviews.  I was driving home from the airport and wanted to try a 'new to me take out restaurant.'  The woman who picked up the phone was easy to talk to and she advised me on what was best to order for what I was describing to her.  I got beef lomein and one spring roll.  The food was delicious and full of meat.  It was also a good temperature...very hot (warmth).
This is definitely a take out place.  I wouldn't recommend eating in unless you were in a hurry.  There are two tables in the take out area.  The interior of the restaurant is very run down looking.classic Chinese spot... can tell its good with so many ppl coming in and out of it. 
- Amazing spare ribs! 
- ordered kung pao chicken platter (comes with pork fried rice) - $5
it was a little bit more sweet than what im used too so probably wont get that again. 
- mongolian beef (comes with brown or white rice) - 7/10. big pieces and SOOO MUCH FOOD
i had enough for 3 meals afterwards!This hole in the wall has the best Wonton Soup in the city dollar for dollar. The dumplings in the Chinatown restaurants may be fancier but they don't have the flavor of this place. I also loved the flavor of my Chicken Egg Foo Young and look forward to trying all the different varieties of that dish. Also, those working the counter have personality and actually engage with the customer which is refreshing.This is one of south Philly best Chinese take out. After searching all over south Philly for a good Chinese take out the search is finally over as I have found my favorite Chinese take out. Everything I've had from here so far are tasty. I've had the general tso chicken, sesame chicken, wonton soup, egg drop soup, best hot and sour soup from chinese take out and their shrimp roll. I must say I'm a bit disappointed at the shrimp roll as I am expecting whole shrimp which are not found in it but its still tasty. The combination platter are well priced. You get a lot of food for your money. Although it comes with egg roll we always request to switch it to shrimp roll and never been an issue. Only one issue I had during my recent order was that I ordered a large wonton egg drop soup only to find that when I got home they did not give me any wonton. So since they don't deliver we had to take a trip back and when we got home found out they gave me a pint (small) wonton soup on the side so I felt like I've been rip off when indeed I paid for large.  So when you pick up your food make sure you check to make sure all your food is there to prevent any issue like me. I normally check my food when I get to my car but this recent visit I placed the order and my fiends went to pick up the food otherwise we probably wouldn't have that problem.The best I've had in South Philly! Cash only, must pick up, but it's worth it. All Lomein dishes are great, as is the triple delight, wings, beef & broccoli and the spring rolls. That's all I usually order and I've been here about 25-30 times over the years. They are consistent good!A real hole in the wall place in true authentic South Philly fashion. This place has a few tables inside, but is really a pure take out establishment. I'd rate the food as comfort food with massive portions. The employees mean well, don't take it personally when they are overwhelmed with orders. Your food will more than likely be late and you'll be waiting for it.I born and raised in South Philly so I am very familiar with this restaurant. When I moved out of the neighborhood more than 15 years ago, I would take the 20-25 minute drive down to get their food. At that time I was ordering the shrimp fried rice and the chicken and broccoli with garlic sauce. Yummy in my tummy.
I am happy to report that after all the years of business, their food is still very good.
I placed a large order of food for myself and 3 others. We had General Tso's chicken, pork dumplings, shrimp lo mein, shrimp and broccoli, pizza rolls, and shrimp egg rolls (well kinda of).
I took away a star because I ordered 3 shrimp egg rolls but only one had a shrimp in it. Yes, as big as the egg roll was, there was one very small shrimp at the bottom. The other two rolls had zero shrimp and I didn't order a regular egg roll. They were still good especially with the duck sauce but I asked for and paid for shrimp rolls. I'm not happy about that.The order arrived early, the food was so good! This will be my new go to for Chinese food! Love them Thank You for a great dinner!In a regular fashion of Philly neighborhood, I see trash but thank goodness, not inside this Chinese food place. However, I did not like the food.You may find yourself at the end of your rope, ordering off Grubhub alone, diversifying your selections to increase the odds that one item will impress you enough to think that forsaking Han Dynasty and giving a shot to more Americanized Chinese food may be worth it. If you have chosen China House for this pivotal moment, you will find yourself sourly disappointed.
The General Tso's chicken is squishy.
The steamed dumplings are not very impressive.
The Singapore noodles have very little kick to them.
To be fair, China House will give you an absurdly large portion of food for a hilariously low price. The General Tso's chicken combo with rice weighs easily enough to bludgeon an enemy with, should the need strike you.Finding your favorite Chinese spot is a task that I am now ready for. China House was recommended as a go to spot...but I didn't have that feeling of home. Ordered the General Tso platter and...yeah. I probably won't go back. If you love this place, suggest a good item and I'll consider going again.
Update: I won't be back. It did not agree with me ‍Pretty good food! We ordered about 3 platters and they were all fairly good with a decent amount of food. It's really hard to mess up the American Chinese food. If I'm in the area, I would get it again for a quick takeout option.New favorite Chinese take out in south Philly! Super quick, very affordable and cash only. Got an entree, dumplings, and 2 egg rolls for me and my partner for under $20. Their dumplings are also very good.So when I arrived there were a few customers standing around and there was one person in front of me. I said it's my first time he said just give them the number associated with my number. He said you won't be disappointed  I could tell he was an avid consumer. I appreciated him sharing and I was excited. 
As quick as people let shortly other customers were arriving. Nevertheless I told the lady my number and yes ma'am my food was ready and I called in 15 minutes prior to arrival. I am impressed with that alone. 
Our food was still hot when I got home which was 15 minutes away. It was fresh, well seasoned and tasty. The meat in my broccoli beef with $2 extra shrimps was so tender and the brown sauce was really good. I normally just get broccoli and beef but my braider who recommended the restaurant said her family orders from her all the time and have for over 15 years. Now that speaks volumes about a business. My friend order shrimp lo mein and we agreed how delicious and fresh out food tasted. The eggs rolls were decent but still good and crunchy. 
I would highly recommend this place for American Chinese food.They have the best chinese food i have ever tasted. Their general tso  chicken smells like fried chicken. Their general tsos sauce it so flavorful i get the chicken and shrimp. I will say when i order the shrimp roll theres no shrimp in it but everything else is amazingI got the chicken fried rice. It was pretty descent but maybe because it wasn't spicy at all as requested. I also got the chicken and broccoli but they mixed the order up. I will definitely like to give this place another try because I belief they have potential. The pizza eggrolls were really good.Fast delivery but the food doesn't have much flavor. I got sesame chicken, crab ragoons and wonton soup - nothing blew me away so I probably won't order from here again.I ordered the shrimp and mixed vegetables off the "special diet menu" and it was delicious! Fresh steamed veggies and plenty of shrimp! Sauce is on the side which is a plus...wonton soup is not too salty and one of  the better in the area.  I was going to Beijing Garden for awhile and was hesitant to change but it was just as good if not better!The menu is what you would expect from a Chinese restaurant. They have a large variety. The food is slightly above average in my opinion. The price is decent for what you get. When we order delivery, it can take upwards of 60-75 minutes even though we live a mile away. But I think that's pretty typical for the Philadelphia area.This is my first and last time ordering from here. My food was an hour later than the time given and only when I called to cancel my order, did he actually arrive. In between I called to check the status of my order and was put on hold while they took orders on speaker phone where I heard people giving credit card number and info. When they finally got around to picking the phone up I was rushed and hung up on before finishing my order and the same when I called to cancel. She just said OK and hung up. Long story short never againI ordered fried chicken fingers with honey mustard and received  friend sweet and sour chicken instead. Beyond disappointed!Small portions with very little sauce, ordered and took 35 mins for delivery. This store made me more aware why lucky garden is the best inexpensive chinese food around.I ordered food at 6 pm and it is now 7:40 and I still have no food. Extremely disappointed since I never order Chinese from here and decided to give this restaurant a go. I'll never order again from here. They didn't even offer an apology both times I called they just said we are very busy tonight.High quality Chinese food. Best in Manayunk. 
I recommend the garlic chicken or the sweet and sour chicken. 
Five starsDelivery man cussed at me for not having a tip when he had no receipt for me to sign for oneThe food is mediocre. Your run-of-the-mill, Americanized Chinese food. I ordered delivery and it was 35 minutes late. I could have looked past that if it didn't arrive completely cold. The most difficult challenge of living in Mt Airy is getting good, hot hold Chinese (as I fondly call the bullet-proof shielded corner spots of Point Breeze and Templetown). Le sigh, I guess you can't win them all!Do not order from here especially if you leave near lincoln drive or mt airy.  Their service and excuses are all crap.  My food was late and cold.  Never again .  Byemy roomie and i are hopelessly addicted to their garlic sauce.  their general tso's is pretty damn good, too.  they're friendly, prompt, and haven't messed up an order yet - with about 4 years worth of orders from me.Speedy delivery, amazing General Tso's. I like the sesame cold noodle a lot as well. Fast delicious greasy Chinese food - my favorite in Manayunk so far. I always order General Tso's everywhere I order from and this is hands down the best. Others in the area don't compare.
Update - awesome sushi too!!!!!I've been ordering here for a year.  It was decent, nothing special but it was cheap enough.
This is the last time I'm ordering from here.  I ordered to my school and I wrote in the instructions to please include silverware such as spoons / forks / chopsticks because I had none at my school.  I even called to confirm.  I ordered soup and rice specials.
They included none of it.  Sure they gave me soy sauce, but how am I going to eat this food without silverware?  I guess I could drink the soup and try to suck some of the tofu into my mouth, but how am I supposed to drink rice?  I wish they'd just follow instructions.  They've forgotten a few things here and there in the past, but this was the absolute worst because now I can't even eat my food.
Seriously, don't order from here, these people just go through the motions - I'm sure if they can't follow instructions to include silverware, they probably don't take the utmost care of their food preparations or anything else.
Edit:
An exciting update to my story - I decided to eat like a cat.  I put the tray of food to my face and licked the chicken and rice into my mouth.  I felt like the little stray kittens I feed at home.Very Good!  I don't have to add any soy sauce to anything.  I've never been disappointed with the items I've ordered.  I order through grubhub.  Thumbs up for me.In my opinion, this is the best Chinese food place in the area. I think their food is overall the best out of the many places to choose from. The garlic shrimp and General Tso's are my go-tos each time I come. Their sushi options are good too--I'm a creature of habit and always get either the Crazy Tuna Roll (spicy tuna and pepper tuna) or the Superman Roll (shrimp tempura and spicy crab). I also love if you order online through Grub Hub or Yelp, they offer coupons.How disappointing this place was.  I read the reviews and wasn't too excited about the food, but I wanted some chinese and this place is pretty local.  
Steamed Dumplings:  Actually the best thing I ordered tonight, i'd say 3.5/5 stars for this.
Wonton Soup: The wontons were super dough-y, the broth was okay.  I actually threw halfof my PINT away  - I nofmrally finish a whole pint if not more..
Chicken Lo Mein: Actually this was mediocre.  Chicken was decent, an okay amount of veggies and the noodles were cooked all the way.  However, it felt as though it was lacking some flavor or something.
I will not be ordering from here again, however the staff did seem very nice.  However, there's a bunch of chinese places around here so I am sure i can find a better one than just 2 stars.The second star is for these guys delivering in some really bad weather. Otherwise the order was received well and I guess I understand why this place exists. It's one of the only Chinese takeout places that delivers. 
But the food was terrible. The main issue being re-used oil that made the entire order smell stale. The shezwan shrimp tasted of mild garlic shrimp sauce and the tofu veggies just tasted terrible. They even managed to screw up the egg drop soup which I could t even imagine happening. I would order again from here if like today they were about the only viable option for eating."Meh.  I've experienced better."  - you got that right.  Thanks, Yelp!
Ordered a couple General Tso's off the lunch menu for delivery.  
Food was average, at best.  Price was super low, so can't complain too much there.  Had I paid more, I might have something to say here.
Would avoid delivery, the driver wasn't so pleasant - or bright as he was incapable handing the prepaid bag of food to the receptionist of the only business on the designated floor (as I'd requested and directed over the phone).I ordered there and 1 1/2 hours later called asking the status since they are located a few blocks away. They said they "looked up our order" and the drivers on the way. Another 1/2 hr goes by and call again. This time they ask what we ordered saying they can't find the order number. So two hours, no food and poor customer service. Will NOT order from there ever again.They're ok. I have an issue when a customer orders food and then cannot get the lunch special price for the same order after the food is cooked. Loss of cool points and a customer.After trying practically every Chinese place in the area, this is my favorite right now. I like that you can do the online ordering through yelp, it's a lot easier than calling up. I have probably ordered from here three times now and the food has been consistently really good each time. Different chicken dishes, egg rolls, wonton soup, all great. Their delivery is also pretty fast and usually arrives within 20 minutes. This is the best Chinese place I have found in the roxborough area, in terms of being reasonably priced and still having great quality food.Incredibly fast. But it's fast because they do not drain the grease. Everything was oily. Even the egg drop soup. I will never order from here again.I've been trying a lot of different Chinese take-out places on the main line and this place has the best General Tsao's chicken both sides of the river. It's been a long time since I found a place where they made them actually crispy. I was so happy I found this place.
That said, I ordered $35+ worth of food for delivery; while it got to me at a reasonable time, it was missing one of the vegetarian entrees. I did think "is this all" when my food arrived all snuggly fitted in a "tray" made from the bottom half of a cardboard box, but thought it was a pretty good system to make sure my soups didn't spill. I had planned on lots of leftovers and didn't figure out what was missing until later. Maybe the last thing didn't fit in the "tray" so they forgot. Whatever the reason, it leaves something to be improved with their management and logistics. I would be a lot more upset if that General Tsao's wasn't so tasty, and if they hadn't been such a good value in spite of a missing item (compared to Main Line price).On the menus that China House drops around the Rox/Yunk area, they claim that their food is MSG-free. As someone who is sensitive to MSG and has ordered from here, I can attest that that would seem to be true: if you're worried about MSG, you should be ok with this place (or at least, I was).
Otherwise, the food is only ok. The GT's Tofu was probably a B+/A- but the spring rolls and lo mein were more like B/B-. Not bad, not great, but safe for those worried about monosodium glutamate.We got lunch here and ordered the chicken chow mien and beef with Broccoli.  It was great! Exactly what you would expect from a no-frills, to-go Chinese place.  We did take out and our order was ready very quickly. Chow mein was cooked to perfection, the Broccoli wasn't over-cooked, and neither meal was greasy! there's not really any option to sit and eat (there's one table) so it's strictly take-out or delivery.  Totally worth the money though!Food is great But delivery takes forever!! Every time it's a least an hour or more.When you call after an hour it's " always on its way" .Very good Chinese but be prepared to wait more than an hour for delivery .Still loving this place and ordering once or twice a month. I see a lot of people complaining about the delivery driver but we love him! He calls when he's out front, then when you open the door runs it up to you. And it's always the same guy. Not sure what everyone else is talking about. We order Friday nights, maybe it's just his standard shift.There are a bunch of run-of-the-mill Chinese food places on Ridge, but this is consistently the best one. Chicken is actual chicken, and they cook some mean tofu.
They have a really great list of 'diet' dishes, and have always followed my directions to steam the food and put the sauce on the side for things that I need to be gluten free. We tend to order delivery on Friday nights, and their guy is fast, with our food usually getting to us a mile away in 30 minutes or so. We've never tried the sushi, but we did get the fries once, which were (surprisingly?!) decent for having come from a Chinese food place. The prices are very affordable, and the portions are just right.Worst service I have ever had. Over an hour and forty minutes for two entree orders. I call twice, only to be told it was on its way. When I explained it had been that long, the employee simply responded with, "I know". It's safe to say I will NEVER order from here again and neither should you.Got the family dinner Any Two. Good food portion for price. Crab Rangoon weren't as crunchy as I would have liked but the filling was good! Egg drop soup not my cup of tea. Egg rolls crunchy and tasty. Got the shrimp with garlic sauce (would have been nice to have a sweet glaze as a side to balance out the garlicy taste) and the General Tso Chicken (very good). Very quick delivery service!This place is alright in my book. I eat a lot of sushi, and I'm not picky. The Godzilla roll is aces. They're always speedy and nice, it's a great place to just pop in and grab some decent food. 
Nothing to do with them, I think, but there's always a car parked in the lot with "car nuts" which is totally gross and offensive. That's the only thing I'd change.I like it here. It is clean, convenient, and fast. You can order on yelp and the food is usually ready in 15 min. Their sushi is pretty cheap and decent, I am Japanese so you can trust me. It is perfect when you want to sushi with a little fried snack like an egg roll. Chinese food is what you can expect and I was never let down. I will continue coming here for take outs.I wish i had read all the reviews before ordering. 
Terrible service. Took forever to get my food and very rude on the phone.
LuckilySo I'm really unsure how to rate them, I do think their sushi is actually quite delicious but...delivery is ALWAYS late - takes at least an hour and a half. I do appreciate that they completely separately bag hot and cold items. The rest of what we've sampled has been average at best (chicken and green beans, general tso's chicken, spring roll, scallion pancakes to name a few). So I'm going to go with 3 stars overall.I'm not one to rip others but in my opinion, this local Chinese restaurant is in competition to be one of the city's worse. After living most of my adult life a few minutes from some of my favorite Asian restaurants such as, Sang Kee and Vietnam Restaurant located in Chinatown, I hardly expected a 3 or 4 star experience at China House. Unfortunately, for my few dollars, China House served fare rated much lower. 
Chicken Rice Soup and Hot and Sour Soup are very easy to make. I expect most cooks to do it well. At China House, the Chicken Rice Soup was watery, devoid of chicken or even chicken flavor and it smelled like rancid grease. (I actually saw the young lady top off my container with liquid from a nearby wok. What I thought was more broth may have been rancid grease or oil, I'm not really sure).
My experience with the Hot and Sour Soup was worse.  First, it is one of my favorite dishes when it is prepared well. Second, since it requires more ingredients and care in preparation, the cook or cooks had more time to screw this up. Neither soup smelled appealing. The Hot and Sour Soup had the same rancid smell as the Chicken and Rice Soup and outside of a few bean sprouts and perhaps a few tofu bits, this watery ill tasting broth had no substance. Why did I even taste it? I spit it out, poured both down the garbage disposal where they belong and vowed never to step foot inside China House again. If you're within walking distance and eager for a local "bowl of rice", try Tang Thai.Are there better Chinese take out joints? Sure. But when I don't feel flush enough for Cin Cin in Chestnut Hill, this is my tried and true standby.
Nice people and the food is really good 70% of the time. Pretty good another 25%. Then, once in a blue moon (5%) they boot a dish. But, I think it depends on who's cooking. Lately, the cooks have been in the "really good" category.I have to say this is one of the better places around this area. They offer healthier options, their sushi is on point, and the food is really good. I used to order from another establishment from around the Roxborough area, but I am now committed to this place. Five stars no question!Placed an order through GrubHub on a Sunday evening around 7:30pm. The order confirmation said food would arrive 8:25-8:35pm. At 8:56pm, I called the restaurant to check on the status. It sounded busy and rowdy. A man answered the phone and as soon as I started talking he said "HOLD!" and then a woman picked up about a minute later. I explained that our delivery was about 20 minutes behind schedule and I wanted to make sure everything was okay. She asked for my address and said "it's on the way. we're super busy." And then hung up. No apology, no friendliness. 
At 9:22pm, I was Hangry. This is nearly 2 hours after we placed our order and 30 minutes since they said "it's on the way." The restaurant is 10 minutes from my house AT MOST. I made my bf call this time because I wasn't sure I'd be able to muster any kindness. He got the same treatment. Again told it was on the way. 
About 10 minutes later, the food did show up. No apologies for the delay. At this point, I expected it to be disgusting and inedible but I was also very hungry and I have to admit, it wasn't bad at all. We had sesame chicken, pork chow mein and pu-pu platter and it was all fresh-tasting and I really couldn't complain. The food is the only thing that edged this up from a 1-star review, though. I will not be ordering from here again with all of the other delivery options in the area. Hard to believe this place is still in business with service like that...I can't say anything negative to say about this place - they make good basic Chinese food. I have ordered from here numerous times. Tonight we had the General Tso's, Moo Shu Shrimp, Sesame Cold Noodles, Steamed Dumplings, and Shrimp Toast. The dumplings were a bit smaller than some other places.
BTW while they have a couple of tables along the wall this is your basic takeout only place.Avoid this place like the plague... called twice to check on the status of a two hour order. Each time was told it was on its way. Finally cancelled the order with Grub hub, only to have the delivery guy show up at the front desk of my apartment building and call me to ask if I still wanted it, and that I'd have to pay for it if I did. He hung up on me while I was explaining I had paid with a credit card and didn't have cash. I was told by the restaurant they had a "new driver", but from other reviews, it seems like they're drivers are always new and always obnoxious.We just moved to the area and were looking for some good, cheap Chinese. All of the places in the area seem to have mixed reviews. The idea of bad Chinese food really freaks me out, so we had to just pick one an hope it was decent. We were pleasantly surprised by China House! We ordered on grub hub and it said it would take about an hour for delivery--they arrived in about 20 minutes! And it was down pouring. The food was good--your typical greasy Chinese that you just NEED every once in a while. The shrimp lo mein was really good. We also got egg drop soup, crab rangoons, sesame chicken, steamed dumplings, and chicken with broccoli. Everything was good! Will order again when we need our Chinese fix.Standard as far as Chinese food delivery goes. General Tso's was great, and so was the gyoza. Sweet & sour chicken and veggie lo mein were just ok. Delivery took quite a long time but I was satisfied with the meal overall, so yea, I'd order again.Not good. They are the worst chinese take out spot around here. I have tried them all I promise you. The sushi was spoiled and a little bit cooked as I had ordered raw fish. I guess that is what you get from ordering japanese off a chinese store. The delivery was 2 and 1/2 hours long. I know, that is VERY long. I was starving the time they got here. The delivery driver was very loud and kind of screamed in my face. I will not be coming back. Sorry.EXTREMELY TERRIBLE RESTAURANT EVER!
TASTE WAS OKAY! BUT EXTREMELY DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!
I FOUND TWO LONG HAIRS AND ONE SHORT HAIR IN MY DISHES!!!!
The store owner is very dishonest! They won't accept their fault and never apologize! 
Don't come to this store unless you LOVE EAT SOME HAIRS!!!!!
ALSO, check your carry out items carefully! They LIE a lot!
I ORDER Two times here and after the HAIR ISSUE! I'll never come back again! There are many other choices in the area, try to avoid this if you can!!
Someone need to give the store owner a lesson! SUCH a TERRIBLE experience.I ordered the two items family dinner and it suppose to included rice, crab rangoon(3), egg drop soup (8oz), egg roll per person. However the 6 crab rangoon were missing in the order. China house insist that they pack the 6 crab rangoon! Such a big lier! There were 12 fried Wontons (free item when you spend more than $15) BUT NO CRAB RANGOON! 
DISHONEST RESTAURANT! and also very unhealthy food! Avoid this place if you can!This place has been a staple of our Chinese food fix, not because it's the greatest tasting but because it's in walking distance from my house and has awesome prices. 
The hot and sour soup....average.  The General Tso's....average.   Beef and Broccoli...average.  But it's just enough to satisfy a Chinese fix on the days no other food will cut it.  When I'm hungry for hot, consistently descent Chinese in the afternoon, I'm calling China House and ordering the L.32.Worse place ever and I never write reviews. We come here always and will never ever come back. I walked in 15 minutes prior to close and ordered less than the $10 credit card minimum which by the way is illegal from a vendor standpoint to enforce as a restaurant as visa and MC will revoke the ability to use this form of payment. The polite son looked at the dad and he barked at the son which was translated to me "it is a $10 minimum".  I asked him to make an exception because we get takeout here every time we get Chinese. The "Dad" looked at me and said, IN ENGLISH "I ONLY SPEAK CHINESE". OK!!!!  Never again.I love China House!!  Their General Tso's Chicken and Chicken and Broccoli are the best! Their portions are in smaller containers than most chinese restaurants. I would think that would make them lose business, but I guess people don't mind because everyone I know loves this place!Great food.  Always Clean​. Staff is very friendly. Fast take out service. Must go.
John HDelicious steamed dumplings! Shrimp lo mein and the egg rolls were tasty, all with fast delivery! I think the hot mustard packets could have been better...I like it super hot.I ordered the chicken chow mein combo platter. When it arrived, it was just chicken with celery and onions. When I called to ask the restaurant about the missing noodles, I was lectured about how chow mein does not mean noodles it means vegetables. I was then told that no other restaurant serves chow mein with noodles. Not only was the staff not willing to listening to what I said but I was made to feel as if I was in the wrong for even calling. I will NEVER be ordering from this place again.We tried ordering here tonight, and will never order here again. After over an hour of waiting for our delivery, I called to check on what was going on. I was treated rudely and told it was on its way. 
Over 35 minutes more passed, I called again, and was treated poorly again. At this point I said I wanted to cancel the order, and was told to wait five more minutes. I persisted and told them to cancel the credit card order, to which I was told there was not a credit card number for this order! When I called to place the order, I gave all of my credit card info, so somehow that got misplaced. Not great for a business to toss around credit card numbers. In the end, we ordered from one of the many other places to order from in this area, and will not be ordering from here again.I don't eat here often and when I do I always order the wonton soup. It is the best in the area. It is flavorful and not soggy and is always fresh. Whenever I am sick that is my go to and it soo fulfilling. I like is when I get the pork slices in it which they didn't add this time, I'm not sure why but overall tasty. They also just added sushi to the menu.They have great sushi!!!! I love when the woman that works there makes my rolls :)
I will say, I always go to pick up my order so it's nice and fresh.  I haven't tried much of their chinese menu but they have good fried rice and the Jade Shrimp and Scallop dish is AMAZING with nice sized scallops and big shrimp, yummmmI order here all the time. Best Chinese take out in Roxborough. Consistent and always quick! The family that owns it are great!The food is always delicious and ready quickly. Prices are inexpensive and they're always nice when I go to pick it up. If you're looking for quality Chinese food at a good price this should be your go to in the area. I always get the hot and sour soup which is really good, I really like the beef lomein, and the pork fried rice is some of the best you'll get around. I've been ordering from here for years. It's my go to.Favorite neighborhood Chinese place! The staff are so friendly and the food is consistently very good. The sushi is great and the veggie fried rice and lo mein are my favorites.Decent fulfillment of your neighborhood chinese needs! I had a neighbor who did work on their kitchen and told us it was by far the cleanest chinese food kitchen he'd worked on. 
My delivery took a little over an hour, but it is a Friday night during COVID. If memory serves, delivery has been speedier in the past. 
I've had many chinese food staples from this place in the past and they've all been very good. Order included vegetable lo mein, shumai, and a Philly roll (just can't resist a Philly roll). The good was no longer hot but still very satisfying. The lo mein was onion heavy, if that's your thing. Noodles were cooked well and had good flavor. It was a little light on other vegetables, but overall good. I haven't had shumai before, if you're in the same boat they were like mini dumplings. I think they may have included meat but I'm not entirely positive and the menu didn't specify. They were tasty and a nice added app without being overwhelming. I've been hesitant to try their sushi, and though it's not the most complicated, the Philly roll was solid!
This may not wow you, but it is a staple in neighborhood go tos. The word of mouth compliment on their cleanliness, and the friendly family I've encountered when picking up will always keep me coming back. Maybe next time I will explore more of their sushi offerings!This was my favorite Chinese place. Last Friday placed order via Grub Hub. The estimated delivery time was between an hour and 70 minutes which let's be real Chinese food always shows up in like 20 minutes. Well when 85 minutes passed, I called and asked. They asked for my address, I told them, the guy answering the phone repeated my address and some lady in the background screamed "out for delivery". 
Another 30 minutes goes by and now in hangry and started eating peanuts, I called back. Same convo as before except this guy asks what I ordered. I rattled off what wanted and he tells me, " we never got your order, sorry". I cancelled the order and the guy was mad that I was cancelling. It was almost two hours after I placed the original order; I filled up on peanuts and an apple I found in my refrigerator. So China House is dead to me and from what I read on Grub Hub, delivery is apparently becoming an issue. The only positive thing from this experience is I finally went grocery shopping.The food dish is one size smaller than regular.
Their price is 20% higher.
Stay away from this place.I don't eat here often but when I do I always order the wonton soup. It is the best in the area. It is flavorful and never soggy and is always fresh. Whenever I am sick that is my go to and it is soo fulfilling. I like it when I get the pork slices in it which they didn't add this time for whatever reason, I'm not sure why but overall tasty. They also just added sushi to their menu.I ordered vegetable fried rice and when I went to pick it up every time I asked for something like sauce or utensils they saiid something to coworkers and laughed.
Then they wouldn't let me use my card to pay.
To top it off there was PORK IN MY VEGETABLE FRIED RICE!
And the rice and vegetables were the most bland I had from anywhere. I thought there reviews were fake because so low but accurate asfGreat food! Wonderful people! I usually get the miso soup and sushi but my boyfriend gets a variety of different meals. He has never been disappointed!So I love this place. I love the baby that they deliver to or area (other Chinese places around us don't) their menu is on grub hub and once you place the order expect your meal within 30 minutes. They have NEVER messed up our order, which is surprising to me with delivery. Food is pretty good, and I'm very particular with my American-Chinese food. I love their hot and sour soup and happy family in garlic sauce. Order $30 or more and they will give you a free order of General Tso's Chicken. Waiting on my delivery now :)Gave two stars because the order was correct, hot and was delivered quickly. Although will not order from again based off taste. The Shrimp Toast and Dumplings were the only two items that were tasty .... Fried Rice and Lo Mien were bland, Wontons were over cooked and mushy, threw in trash. Egg Foo Young and Beef W/ Broccoli were flavorless, nothing special.Around 7pm I ordered through GrubHub and was told 2 hours, I was fine with that because I wasn't hungry immediately and the weather wasn't so great. It took 3.5 hours and when I called to ask where my food was and to see if the driver was ok- I was cut off mid sentence "Its out on delivery" and hung up on. I live a mile away and "it was out for delivery" for 45 minutes. I will never buy here again. I thought they were going to close for the night with our food. Never apologized and basically threw the bag of food (order missing stuff, cold and drink spilled) before taking off to the carThis is as good as chinese take out gets, I had the general tso chicken which I ordered through the yelp app, it was ready when I got there and the cook was friendly. I did request extra spicy and it wasn't but the food was tasty, I'll definitely be back, also the store was very clean.Just ordered from this place. While they had fast delivery and were nice on the phone.. They are completely unsanitary. I opened my combo of sesame chicken to find ants.. That's right.. Ants in my white rice. Some dead, some still moving. Beyond disgusted! I will never, and I mean never order from this place again.I was the first person to review this place.  I used to eat here all the time back when I worked at Power 99, which was on Domino Lane at that time.  Almost everyone at the station ordered from this place because they were THAT GOOD.  Wellll... times have changed.  I guess they've changed owners, because this place hasn't been good in YEARS.  I felt I needed to update because I did not want to be the reason people ate here and hated it.
I used to love the general tso's, chicken with vegetables, shrimp fried rice, and egg foo young.  None of these are good anymore.  They use plastic containers which make the chicken chewy and hard by the time you get it home.  The metal containers they used to use were much better for keeping the food hot and fresh. Nevertheless , I kept going here because I still hadn't found a place I like better... until now.  I won't say the name of the place here because I do not want to ruin their business, but they need to step it up.  The food is not nearly as good as it was.  This comes from someone who was a loyal customer for about 14 years.I ordered pickup from here via Grubhub on a Saturday night.  Food was hot and ready at the appointed time, and doing it through Grubhub meant I basically ran in, grabbed, and ran out.  It's purely a storefront, there isn't really anyplace to eat there.  So you are going to do delivery or pickup only for this place.
First off our order was accurate!  This doesn't always happen when doing pickup from a spot...Secondly the food was still hot by the time we got home.
The food itself was good but not standout delicious.  I went with the "healthy" version of a dish with shrimp and scallops.  While it certainly wasn't packed with flavor because these specifically leave out the salt, fat, msg, etc (e.g. the good stuff) the food itself was perfectly cooked - the scallops were not rubbery, and were just the right consistency, which is tough to master so kudos to the cooks at China House.  The sauce on the side was very good for adding back flavor in the amount that *I* want.
My dining companions were not as impressed as I was with the food - they said the crab rangoon was only ok and the California roll was ok but not very big.  The moo goo gai pan was pretty good.
All in all not a bad option to have.