I feel inclined to write a review because for a long time, I was weary of any fast food restaurant that makes tacos (ie. Taco bell).  But I have some friends who are die hard chipotle fans. I just figured, they don't know good tacos.
Now, let me preface first by saying, this is not a review on the best mexican food or the best tacos even.  
I give it 4 stars because a) tacos and burriotos are customizable, b) service is fast and friendly, c) decent guac and chips, d) taco meats are good.
If I wanted an awesome out of this world burrito or steak tacos, I'd go to Pura Vida in Nor Libs, but unfortunately it's out of our way now.  Chipotle on City Ave was a great alternative for a monday evening when I didn't feel like cooking and we were starving.
The restaurant itself inside was clean which is always a plus for a fast food chain.I should preface this review by admitting that I am totally drunk...
on Chipotle kool-aid. Yes. I love this place. Yes, it's a chain, and I know I should support the "mom and pop" burrito place. But I'm sure there's a mom who works here...and maybe even a pop. And how can you argue with customizable burritos?
I always get the black bean veggie burrito, no cheese or sour cream (make fun of me if you want, but I'd like to live to see many more burritos!), extra guac, and yes on the chips. The chips have always been good here, though compared to some other reviews, maybe I'm just lucky?
What I love about this location is 1. its proximity to Target, and 2. its nice outdoor seating.
Not much else to say here. I'm a fan!staff is great but lines are long. we used to frequent this place a lot but especially during busy hours, their steak is severely under-cooked and shows a lot of red. I don't really like a lot of red in my meat so I will not be going here again. also is very pricey compared to Qdoba and chipotle does not allow you the same amount of options. guacamole also costs more money which I find ridiculousI eat here almost twice a week. Love the food!
The staff is great as well. Always upbeat and friendly!
I recommend to everyone!
Fact is, I travel most every week. I have their app. I go out of my way to find one because the food is always consistent!
Big fan!their salad is my favorite. don't forget to ask for salad dressing tho!
;)This Chipotle is the best location in the Philadelphia area. The difference between this location and others is the quality of the employees. I eat at this location once a week, and I've never had a bad experience. If you're coming here for lunch during the week, I would highly recommend coming a few minutes before noon to avoid the crowds.Had lunch here today. It was very fulfilling. I don't understand why they have to blast 80's pop music tho'. I couldn't even hold a conversation with my friend. Good variety of "junk" to put on the burrito. I'll be back with earplugs...I was a little wary to try Chipotle because McDonald's had a hand in its development. But since it seems like a pretty decent company and everyone seems to love it, I gave it a try.
I am the type of person who goes on the website and looks up nutritional information. As usual, it was a horrifying experience. 
Luckily I was able to cobble together a salad that was reasonably healthy. I picked chicken, black beans, hot salsa and guac to go on top. I'm glad the dressing was on the side because the salad honestly did not need any. 
Over all, it was okay, not fantastic. I would eat here again, but for mexican cravings I'll stick with taquerias.I've had some of the best burritos I've ever had here. Duh-li-cious. 
Chipotle is always a treat for me since I am a total fatty and get extra rice (but light sour cream- it balances right?) on my steak fajita. It's a guilty pleasure that I always am sinfully happy to indulge. I love the burritos and the workers are both friendly and efficient. The prices are quite reasonable, even with extras like guac or chips and drink. 
I also appreciate that the have lemons available at the drink bar so that I can add it to my diet coke. 
This is the best Chipotle I've been to and the only thing that would make it better would be easier driving/parking access. Whoever designed the parking complex should be kicked in the back of their knees. Seriously, who makes only one entrance on city line avenue going in but doesn't make one coming back out??Terrible service, really disorganized. The employees usually have a terrible attitude, don't know how to wrap a burrito, and they're often out of things. The food prep itself is also questionable (undercooked rice, overcooked chicken).I would give this place no stars if that was an option. Out of all the chipotle restaurants I've eaten at around the country, I've never experienced such horrible and rude service. The first employee serving me as it was my turn stared at me blindly for one minute (maybe asking can I help you would let me know you're waiting for me to order???) and then proceeded to say "brown rice?". When I looked down and realized there wasn't white rice at the moment I asked her if there was any white rice and she yelled at me and said "there's no white rice do you want brown rice!?" Yes it's understandable to run out of food but usually there would be some more being made; turns the rice maker was broken as I found out from the poor lady who had to step in front of her rude coworker to stop her from being a further embarrassment to the whole establishment. I'm thankful for the lady apologizing on behalf of her co-worker but no person should EVER be treated like that to begin with. Won't be returning here ever again but thanks for the good laugh I had afterwards with my significant other.Anyone who knows me knows I have such an addiction to Chipotle. Now, just because I love Chipotle doesn't mean every location has been an amazing experience. This location is one of the WAY better ones. The service is fast and the staff is friendly. They are always accommodating even when I'm one of those super specific people who likes their burrito bowl in a certain way. Guilty as charged! But I always leave happy and satisfied. This is definitely my new Chipotle location since I've moved to the area.Yo this spot is the worst I went there. I went there yesterday with my girl . an the first bad thing was that the spot  was dirty an then I asked them can they clean the table so me an my girl can sit down an eat an they acted like I was asking them to comit A crime . then I ask for a extra side an told me no an I'm eatinf in there an I spend money an they . are very sloppy an not good workersDisappointing visit for me. Been to a lot better chipotles. I really dont like when they really measure out how little to put on there.  The amount of chips in the bags seemed too small and measured. I'm afraid they're turning into the subway of burrito places with exact amounts. 
Guac was tasty. 
Probably won't go back to this location.I've been eating at Chipotle for..2-3 years now :) This location is close to where I live so I go there a lot. 
Clean area, the staff are very friendly and some of them try their best to work as fast as they can when they see there's a long line so we customers don't have to wait forever. So thank you for that. Well since I eat here for the last 3 years of course there's a time when they messed up my order, but for me messing up my order isn't a big deal But it's how you deal with it. And the worker didn't give me a hard time, she apologized and just re-do my order, didn't give me any attitude whatsoever. 
Overall a great place to eat!The food not so much,  but it is good test . No enough place to sit. But it is popular Italian food.Staff is fantastic; super nice and friendly. The rice and fajita veggies can be really salty on occasion though. Probably a 1/4 of the time my burrito is just a salty messThis location off City Ave. is great. Big portions and they don't hold back in giving you a fair portion of chicken or guacamole. Love this spot...in comparison to the one in Center City that puts a handful of pieces only.Doesn't answer their phone. At all. Tried multiple times over period of 2 hours. Guess I won't be ordering tomorrow for the entire office.Rating this as my kids do. I love it for my son who can get a gluten free meal   They gave me a handout for those with food allergies!  So appreciative of that. Now if they only had corn or rice tortillas it would be 5 star for us.
The food is very fresh, the staff is pleasant, and there is easy parking.My new addiction - the chicken burrito bowl.  I freakin' love this place.  The guacamole should be against the law, it's so good.It's Chipotle...can't go wrong. 
Quick service at this location and the cleanliness is up there too.
Has some tables set up outside if the weather is nice for you to chow down with friends.This is the best Chipotle that I've been too. The food is consistently hot and delicious. The staff is courteous and moves a long line through efficiently and quickly. I was there recently when a tornado / very bad storm caused a power outage and the staff handled it very well. Everyone got their order and was sent on their way safely and happily. I'm always nervous when I go to another location because it rarely lives up to the expectations that I have from this one. They set the bar very high!Philly doesn't do burritos very well at all, and in my opinion the best you can get here is one of the chains, Baja Fresh, Chipotle,  or Qdoba.  As far as I can tell, Chipotle and Qdoba are clones, and their various locations are all very, very similar.  So everything in this review, although based on this particular location of Chipotle, pretty much applies to all locations.
Chiptole does just one style of burrito.  Choice of meat, choice of beans, lots of rice, choice of salsa, sour cream and cheese.  It is made to order right in front of you.  Once you get to the head of the line, your burrito is prepared in about 90 seconds.  The ingredients are certainly of high quality, and served the way I think in the right way - wrapped in foil and possible to eat with your hands rather than a knife and fork.  The restaurant overall has a cool modern look.
So why only three stars?  I'm not entirely sure what it is, but these burritos just don't excite me, and I'm a person who gets excited over burritos pretty easily.  There's no flavor explosion.  I can't put my finger on it, but I find myself loading these up with salt and Tabasco to try and get some flavor satisfaction.Not all Chipotles are created equal ... but this is a simply fantastic location, every bit as good as my all-time favorite one (in Avon, Indiana).
Strong lime/cilantro ratio in the rice, tender and perfectly cooked chicken, spot-on guacamole, salty and crispy chips. Outside seating, easily accessible parking, clean inside and out. 
All Chipotle locations should aspire to be like this one.Sadly, this place has been over-hyped.  i was expecting AMAZING, and all it was passable.  I would only give the food 2 stars (way too much cilantro in everything!) and too much sour cream, salsa, etc. slopped on.  But I added a star for two things.  one, I appreciate their commitment to quality ingredients.  Second, the employees are GREAT.  One of the managers came over to see how we were doing, saw I wasn't thrilled, and promptly subbed out my meal for something else.   Now I didn't love the new meal, but I was able to eat some of it - the original steak tacos, I couldn't even eat.  The cubed steak was seasoned unpleasantly to me, and had a weird texture.  But good customer service means a lot!Just an average experience. Came for lunch and it was crowded, which was expected for  its location.  The line went pretty quick, but it was so hard to hear between the people and music.  There are not that many tables so I had to hawk one out.
Food was okay. I had a bowl with rice, chicken, and topped off other sides with guac.  Tasted good but not amazing for the $12 I paid.  I get it's fresh ingredients with anibiotic free meats but still pricy.Chipotle Mexican Grill is one of my favorite places for a hot, quality, low fat meal.  This location on the Main Line provides all of that, and a spacious dining room and FREE, close-by parking. 
I have been to this location three times.  I have found that the food is always piping hot and fresh.  During each visit I found the line fully stocked with food that was fresh, hot and recently stirred.  The store has many healthy options that fit into a 500-750 lunch diet.  My recommendation is the Burrito Bowl with the Barbacoa.  According to their website, the shredded beef Barbacoa is actually lower in fat than several of their other meat dishes.  This location now served brown rice - which combines the cilantro flair of the white rice, with a light nutty flavor.  Other lower fat and lower calories options include the tacos, the burrito and the salad.  (The meals fit so well into my calorie plan that I can even get some full fat shredded cheese.)  
This location offers some extra perks versuses other Chipotles in Philadelphia.  There is a free, close-by parking lot just feet away.  You also get to stop by Starbucks after for coffee, and hit up the Target.  The location also has a spacious dining room with ample seating.  I can bring my laptop to get work done and never feel pressured to leave quickly.  The staff at this location have been friendly and efficient. 
HEALTHY LUNCH RECOMMENDATION: 
Barbacoa Bowl with Brown Rice, Pinto Beans, Extra Salsa
For a treat (not on the diet plan), don't skip the tortilla chips!  They by far are the best in Philadelphia with a hint of salt and lime.  Better yet, get a bag to go!Friday evening and no ones here .. but that's not the reason for one star .. service was poor and staff was unprofessional .. worst part is that somehow the food gave both me and my wife a bad stomach .. lastly, didn't seem like the best neighborhood to hang around at night.This is a very nice, well run, clean Chipotle.  My Chicken Burrito Bowl was a bit too spicy for some reason today - but otherwise - it's just the way I like it.I discovered Chipotle sometimes last year, and I'm now in love! I have passed it tons of times, and finally went in after some prompting from my friends. I'm not typically a huge fan of Mexican food, but I definitely make an exception for Chipotle! 
I get a bowl with white rice, chicken, medium salsa, and guac on the side. I haven't tried anything else, just because I'm unsure what to get. I don't feel like there are tons of options, but that's ok. 
The price is not terrible, but it's not an affordable place you could go every day. Mine usually costs about $10. 
This location is usually busy-the line will be to the door- but it moves fast.
Overall, a great restaurant!Portion sizes here seem to be smaller than at other Chipotles. If you go on a weekday, don't expect to be able to find somewhere to sit. Not nearly enough seating for this prime location.I walked in this location at 10:55am (10 mins after opening) and was served undercooked rice, yesterday's guacamole (I can't imagine guac turns brown THAT fast,) the blandest tasting meat I've had (carnitas,) and a side of attitude from employees for pointing out that the soda machine wasn't quite working. Yikes! Won't be back to this location.Ok... I've been having Chipotle for years but it's about time I review the one I've been frequenting for the past few months.  I literally eat here 2 or 3 times a week and it is so frickin' delicious.  I always get the chicken burrito with rice, pinto beans, corn salsa, mild salsa, sour cream, guacamole ($1.80 extra), and lettuce.  Add a small fountain drink to it and it costs exactly $10.04.  But it's $10.04 cents of heaven... :)
Thank you Chipotle for rocking my world every time!  So delicious!!!I review places based on how they stack up to my expectations. In this case, my expectations are admittedly low. 
This location is pretty solid though. I'm vegetarian, so I'm always on the lookout for contamination issues, especially at quick service spots.  This particular location (which I've frequented for years) is consistently better than most Chipotle (or Baja or Qdoba) locations. Keep an eye out though, once or twice I've had to politely call them on stuff like touching the salsa spoon to the meat on the dish ahead of me etc. In those cases, they've uncomplainingly started my dish from scratch. Cross contamination is a broader issue amongst this category of food establishments though. 
Super busy at peak times though...
Definitely avoid Friday and Saturday nights!!I'm such a fan of Chipotle, like seriously.
I think it's because my friend likes it. Or maybe because my parents like it. No, somehow, even if you get short-changed on your ingredients in the place, your burrito or burrito bol will still taste pretty damn good. The ingredients are pretty addicting. Though I think I must give a warning in that I think the tomatillo-green chili salsa is pretty damn spicy. This is coming from an Indian girl, so mind you, I can handle most of the spicy stuff I am given. Perhaps I'll give it another shot before I REALLY warn you about this ;)
And nothing says accomplishment better than eating an entire Chipotle burrito. Until Center City has a location, I suppose I must frequent this location more often.This place has good solid and an expensive Mexican food. The weight is always short. They will customize your order. Nothing fancy from this J forTerrible service
Waited 20 minutes in line with the wife last Friday night while there was one worker on the line preparing food and going to the register. The pinto beans weren't even cooked, but hard. This place was such a disappointment.I love Chipotle, I really do.  Someone said this place is exactly the same as Qdoba and that is FALSE! Chipotle has better food and it's a bit spicy, hence the name Chipotle.
Now I will say the menu is limited but they have just everything they need.  Tacos, Burritos, Quesidillas, Bowls.  My favorite is the Chicken Bowl.  I love it and that you can get it just the way you want it!  
The salsa is fresh salsa, not that stuff you get out of jars and they have free refills on fountain drinks as long as you sit in.  
The bathroom is usually clean.
The staff is friendly and even during crowded times, the line moves fast.I am a Chipotle aficionado. I order online at several locations throughout everywhere I travel and live. This Location is the only location I've found that keeps its food consistent and fresh. 
The portions are fair and for an athlete who burns up to 2000 calories a day, it's important to maintain a diet that replaces these nutrients with protein (beans) and carbs (rice/avocado). 
Their guac is always creamy. 
My only complaint at all locations is that I hate eating charr. Vegetables should be stir fried, not left to blacken on a grill top. 
Love the crew that works here-they deserve a shoutout for awesomeness and consistency!!!It's okay here, I've been to better Chipotles before. I think the customer service can be improved and better care when preparing the food. As far as taste of food, it's the same as any other Chipotle.How can you go wrong with Chipotle? Very large portions at reasonable prices. The burritos are not like authentic burritos but they are very tasty if you are looking for something quick. Although when I was in this evening there was a pretty good crowd so I had about a 10+ minute wait before I got to order. Nonetheless, the end result was I got filled with good tasty pollo burrito. Chipotle is always an option if one is near. The service at this particular store was good and it seemed as though they kept the place pretty tidy.Always a great experience at this chipotle, we are so happy to have one close by and staffed by great people.I crave this place every 3 days!  The chicken Is unbelievable!  That alone is worth the trip!  Fresh veggies and rice and guacamole to die for and when we go out to eat fast food, it is  Chipotle for me because my husband is a meat and potatoes kinda guy, he waits for me and then goes to Wendy's!   Who is this man I married!?!?!?!?!Didn't think you could mess chipotle up. My burrito bowl was like a soup. The girl piled on too much salsa and sour cream and it was just gross. My friend got a burrito and said even that was gross. No quality control. Is there even a manager there?After the majority of times hittin up Qdoba because its closer to work this was an interesting litmus test.  When it came down to it, it seemed like my burrito was bigger here and more flavorful.  Both are very fresh ingredients but I give the edge to this place.  The only downside is no queso, but it is an easier ordering system.Get the burrito bowl or you're ingesting like 2000 calories. Everything is fresh and I like that's it customize able. Overall good quick food.I love Chipolte and this one is just like any other. I just wanted to comment on how amazing the service was! As per usual, the line is almost always out the door but you will still get your food quickly (less then 10 minutes for sure) - they are efficient, clean and very friendly here!Finally it is here. One of the only places i went for Burritos in Atlanta is finally in Philly, andd right across the street from my office building. You can't get any better than that.
I've tried your Baja's and fake "Mexican" restaurants Philly and I was not impressed. Chipotle is going to make easily a million from this one location in the next two months. Didn't get to the free stuff. Line was way to long. But rest assured I ran over there as soon as lunch hit. 
Note to self and others: They still use fax to place pick-up orders(how 90's) but it is well worth it because of the long lines associated with good food.Until last week I had never experienced Chipotle.  I heard many people ravish about how delicious is it so I thought I would give it a try while in the neighborhood.  I ordered the chicken tacos and was quite underwhelmed.  I found the chicken to be too spicy for my taste (I admit, I am sensitive) and the quality in general to be just "alright".  I didn't find this place to be any better then Qdoba.  I would consider trying this again nonetheless.I hit up this location on my way into or out of the city without having to worry about parking/tickets/crowds. 
I usually get the vegetarian salad with guacamole or the steak salad.  I'm not sure why people get the burrito bowl over the salad bowl.  With the salad you can get all of the same things for the same price except with fresh romaine lettuce on the bottom and an amazing dressing on the side if you so choose. With the burrito bowl they add shredded lettuce at the end, like it's a decoration or something.   
I like that Chipotle now offers brown rice in addition to white.  It's probably not much healthier in the grand scheme of things, but it sure feels healthier. 
I also like the music... And the fact that you can ask any employee (or go online) for a playlist.  Good food and good tunes make me swoon. Thanks, Chipotle.Never, not even as a kid who hated squash, did I think food was inedible until now . Let me start from the beginning. I never tired chipotle until today. I have had delicious gourmet Mexican dishes down to the fast food Mexican and loved it all. I like Moes and other Mexican grills so I went in thinking it would be something like them. NOPE. I go in and repeat my order three times only for the next person on the line to get it right. They make my quesadilla and flop it into the bag so that it's not my any means lying flat but folder over itself like a t-shirt. I guess they don't cut quesadillas so they're easier to eat either. I hear about their new queso so I Oder chips with it. As soon as I tasted my meal I regretted my decision. INEDIBLE. Gross. The queso was just spiced runny oil. The color of texture just reminded me of throwing up but more oily. I was really hungry and couldn't finish. My quesadilla reminded me of soggy cardboard and I might have had 15 chips in my bag, not that much, they're small things. This was my first and last time going to chipotle. NEVER AGAIN. Also makes me think if all the "good" reviews on here were being bribed or paid to say good things because I honestly doubt they stepped foot into this placeI took my wife and daughter to lunch and the food was great. Each of us got a bowl and a soda. My wife also ordered the chips and guacamole. 
We definitely enjoyed the meal, but I must admit I was shocked by the price as it came out to $39.69. Now don't get me wrong, I review on here often and have paid more at other restaurants, but this is a franchise.I love the location also the store was nice and clean. the only thing they need to fix the food quality were terrible. I have 2 rice bowls for to go today at lunch time i got the white rice were over heated and hard ,  so me and my wife wont eat them instead we went to eat at whole food at center city. they need good quality control.Look, I don't care about "humanely" raised, "organically grown", or "fair trade" anything.   I just don't.   If an animal has to die to feed me delicious burrito-like-carbon-matter...don't bother me with how it died.   Just season it and grill it mid rare.   
That rant over - I love this location of Chipotle.   I've hit Chipotle restaurants in three different states while doing transport for work, and I have to agree with other reviewers - not all Chipotle locations are created equal.  
This one, however, is excellent.   Clean, fast, and packed.   As a former restaurant manager I can tell you - it takes work to get a restaurant packed from open until close.   And once it is packed, you see turn over in your ingredients that guarantees higher qualify, and more business.   The guy running this place?   (You see him occasionally helping on the line.)   He's doing a great job.  
I've never waited more than five or ten minutes for food.   The high traffic in this location guarantees that the ingredients to my food were cooked fresh within a ten or fifteen minute span - most of the time I watch them cook and refresh every ingredient at least once while I'm in line.   And see above, about the short wait times?   That says something about how fresh the food is. 
The parking - yes, fellow Yelpers...the parking situation sucks.   Thank Target for that - there's an entire garage, and half the time it's full of target employees "garaging" their car, instead of using the Target parking lot.   The other half of the time, the parking lot is mostly empty - except for the hipster kids who seem to gather in the lot for "chat" time.    (I have no idea why groups of teenage kids hang out in this parking garage.   Seriously.   There are better places to score weed and take IPhone photos of yourself posing.   Really.  I promise.)   
Other than that?   I've had one bad experience here, in the years it has been open.   I received some guacamole that had browned - and no, I wasn't paying attention when the counter girl grabbed it out of the fridge instead of scooping it fresh.   (Now I ask them to scoop it fresh right there.)    
And when I sent an email to corporate (they don't answer the phone here, they're seriously just that busy), I had a call from the store two days later asking me to give them another chance, and a pair of gift cards for two free visits within a week.   
Seriously?   That kind of customer service?   Yep...that's why they get 4 stars.Hit or miss service at this chipotle location. Sometimes the employees are polite, other times they are extremely rude. I understand places get busy and I can be rather patient but some employees decide to take this out on the customers here. The food is usually always good though! Which is a plus. However today I had pieces of steak in my chicken bowl, and I can't eat red meatI'm not much for chain restaurants, but as far as burritos go, they're better than most.  And massive.  If these burritos aren't laced with a little crack, I'd be shocked.  I'd say I'm here once a week, mostly if I'm leaving late from the library (I go to school right down the street) and they're generally pretty kind about piling on the fixings.  I've also tried ordering online which works out pretty well.  Just follow the instructions on the website and you can't go wrong.  And if it does (and it has - burrito wasn't made when i arrived) they smooth it over with free chips and guac.  It's difficult to complain with free food.Hey you, the redhead in the Ralph Lauren sweater. Yeah, you. Remember when you went to Chipotle today and, after five seconds of waiting in the long line, you cut a deal with one of your friends, took the only open booth, and then stared blankly at the high metal ceiling so as not to make eye contact with any of the people giving you the death stare?
Well, I was one of those people, the one standing at the cash register who should have had rightful possession of that table. There's one of you every time I come for lunch. You're the reason I don't like eating here.
The burritos are fine and I guess it's cool that Cipotle boasts of seemingly endless organic achievements but there's only a handful of tables and always some selfish patron who feels he can cut the line to hold the last one for friends, even though they won't have their burritos for at least another five minutes.
Of course, you're not completely to blame, as Chipotle opened up in a spot too small to handle the traffic in the winter but you could at least show some courtesy to the people who were here first. Jerk.The food is alright but I think it can get a little pricey. 
I have one suggestion for staff, please speak at normal speed. I understand you guys are trying to be as efficient as possible but you're not when I have to ask what you're saying multiple times because you're speaking too fast. English is my native tongue, imagine the internationals that struggle when they order something! 
My other suggestion is for customers: I recommend getting the bowl or burrito. If you get the tacos like I ordered, it seems like you get half the food and pay the same price as if you got a bowl/burrito. Kind of a rip off. Haha, lesson learned!As far as fast-food Mexican restaurants go, this specific Chipotle is great. The employees are friendly, the store is always very clean and the line, however long, moves quickly. The ingredients are fresh, and my normal order of a fajita burrito bowl comes in well under $8. And to top it off, the parking options in the garage are plentiful.
Definitely recommend this particular Chipotle, over many in the area and other competitors (you know who you are).Jebus, I love this place.  Kicks the sh*t out of Q'doba (as Brad P. said); enough that I could eat there five days a week.  Hint: get mild AND hot salsa on your burrito.I love Chipotle & this location is my absolute favorite. I love the food everything tastes incredibly fresh its just so incredibly tasty & the portions are big !!! You will def get your tastebuds worth here :) . The place is clean and the staff does a great job when there are long lines of people.  This place also has indoor/ outdoor seating & convenient parking. It is very easily accessible. I love the chicken burrito bowl. The guacomole is a def must !This is my favorite place to grab a quick bite since I've worked in Bala Cynwyd.  I consistently order their steak taco, hard.  The staff is so friendly and since I am a regular, they usually have my order up from when I get in the door to when I arrive at the counter.  It's not fancy, but it's always clean, clean, clean.
I love that everything is fresh and there are no additives in the meat.  I am never disappointed with the quality and taste.  Consistent.  An entree and a drink is almost $9 - a bit costly for semi-fast food - which is why I did not give five stars.  Lunchtime parking for the shopping center where it resides is pretty congested, too.Friendly staff, they had no trouble understanding me and didn't ask me to repeat any parts of my order- which I appreciate. Indoor Seating is adequate at off-peak times (e.g. before noon and after 2) but there may not be any open tables at the busiest times.Do not eat here!!
Used to eat here regularly however, went this past Sunday and got food poisoning. It is now Tuesday night and I'm still dealing with it, may have to go to the ER, seems like E. coli to me so please beware!My experience at Chipotle was excellent.  Everything tasted really good.  We both ended up getting the rice bowls (one vegetarian and one with chicken).  They were cooked deliciously and came in a really big size.  It was kind of disappointing that they didn't give out chips and salsa.  Also, they don't have any taco shell salads which is  a major bummer for me.  I would go back here again but it's basically the same exact thing as Qdoba which is up the street.I'm a HUGE Chipotle fan and have enjoyed burritos and the salad bowls in New York City and Philadelphia area Chipotle stores. I LOVE that fact that the meat is hormone free and high quality.  The toppings and produce are always fresh. Guacamole is VG to EXC .... only guac that beats Chipotle is table side prep at Rosa Mexicano in NYC or my own made version.
I'm happy to pay an extra few dollars for quality 'fast' food and have to confess that our family members 'crave' it from time to time.
Staff at this location on City Line Ave. is ALWAYS friendly. Never had a problem here. Stop by for a quick dinner, then get your Target shopping done right next door.3pm on a Wednesday afternoon. Friendly person behind the line.  I have food allergies and although she admitted to be new, it was apparent she's not be appropriately trained. She was happy to accommodate my needs, but one one else around to assist a new person on the line. There was a lot of horsing around in the back an no manager around to help. Quality control really stinks...no fajitas, at all and no one even standing in the kitchen. I counted 6 people in the back during a slow period--but had to wait 6 mins for undercooked fajitas, while making the new person run around to do all the work? I'm sure after all the hub-bub in about chipolte in recent months this isn't the standard they would want...plus my lettuce for my salad was rotten. For someone with limited food options, my old reliable, CHIPOLTE, was not that.This specific location of Chipotle is weak. I generally like Chipotle, but this one just doesn't have their shiz together.  
If you can avoid this location and try the one out at Plymouth Meeting mall. It's much, much better.  
Chipotle really does have good food, even if it used to owned by McDonald's... barf... but don't worry, they don't own them anymore.I had my first Chipotle experience at this location and the staff was extremely friendly which I love and the food was great. Big portions though so next time I'll share with my boyfriend.I just wanted to follow up on the glorious Chipotle experience I had today. 
I ordered my burrito via the iphone app, which is very well designed. As I walked through the door, the person working the register recognized my face, and grabbed my order. It was prepaid, so I just walked out the door. In and out in 15 seconds. Simply amazing customer service for a chain "fast" food place. 
Finally, my burrito was not only exquisite, it was phenomenally well wrapped. I will post a pic.Simply put...they sell the freshest and most flavorful ingredients and put them all together in a bowl or in a burrito. You won't be disappointed but anything on the menu so try it all!I checked this place out when they first set up this area. It was alright. I haven't been won over by the taste at this location. I've been to a chipotle in Ohio, I definitely thought it was better there. 
The service hasn't been top notch from the last couple of times I've been there either. Sorry, I wouldn't Crave this place if time and money depended on it.Timely service, as is the case most of the time, and great hard shell tacos. Everything was prepared well and fresh as always. If there is one thing that they have to get on top of, professionalism of the help. At times, it is lacking. I am not going to"zing" them on it though because for what it is, it's done well. Huge difference between this location and Ardmore. Ardmore is horrific.I've spent close too $200 bucks total in this location during my time in school. For years it was a goto meal, but recently ive noticed a dramatic decrease in quality. The past three times I've eaten here were very disappointing. Burnt chicken & toppings that were less than the usual freshness I've become accustomed too. Despite living in close proximity, I will not be back to this location. It's time for some quality control Chipotle.I love Chipotle. This location gets extremely crowded even at night. I wish the portions were the same everytime.  Bathrooms are always dirty and there usually isn't any toilet paper in there.Not bad.... I'm not a real fan of Mexican food, (it doesn't fill me up!!)  but this was one is okay. I've gone there twice and had soft chicken tacos. The place is clean enough, but I will never forget how unhelpful the staff was the first time I went in there.
I went the week they opened, and I guess they just assumed that everyone knows how the place "works". (Which they shouldn't have, since it was new to the area!)
This is an ok spot for lunch, I guess.Limited menu but what they do have is solid yummy. Usually I love Chipotle, but my last experience at this location the servers avoided eye contact, and seemed annoyed with our ordering (ok, admittedly with 2 kids it is harder). Servings were MUCH smaller that I got at Plymouth meeting location. Like, the kid's taco had a pinch of meat on it, and my veg salad didn't fill me up--I was stuffing myself with my kids' chips, all 5 of them in the little bag. Get your serving sizes UP please! SMILE at me and don't act like I'm bothering you. Thanks.I couldn't wait until chipotle opened up on cityline so much so that after I finished classes, I drove myself out of the way to that area just for a carnitas burrito when I heard it was finally opened.  
But there was something different compared to others.
I got in and waited for the tortilla flattening guy to put on his latex gloves for like literally 4 minutes. When he finally stopped fidgeting, he was finally ready to take my order (how convenient of him) and then when it came down to the end, the other chipotle handler had problems wrapping the burrito, tearing the tortilla.  After seeing all that, my burrito didn't taste as good.
I'm not an unreasonable guy, the place just opened, I realize that, but this happened to me again a week ago.  Compared to all the other times i've had it in Chicago, SF, Atlanta and NYC, this one is a train wreck.
Hopefully they'll get their act together before their food suffers.I came here yesterday afternoon for some taco takeout. Taco was fresh and very delicious. I order 2 grilled chicken with basic toppings and 2 with rice and beans. Like I said the taco was great, so why would I give this place 3 stars?? It's because the way they wrap their takeout! I order 4 soft tacos and they just balled it out together in 1 piece of aluminum foil looking like it's ready for the TRASHCAN. Ummm Chipotle...you have how many chain locations and you can't afford containers??? You would rather have me slowing separating my soft taco so it won't break apart and get all frustrated and never order anything from you again rather then supplying us with proper takeout container. Thanks, but no thank you. I rather go to Pedro Taco truck!pure awesome till the last grain of rice!!
+great musicUniversity City Chipotle, you deserve more than a paltry 3ish stars!
You would think with all the college students, this place would be packed, but I never have to wait more than a good 10 minutes to leave through the exit doors with my burrito in tow (I wouldn't sit down to eat here, as the atmosphere leaves a little to be desired and plus, I can just walk 10 minutes and I'm home again, free to put on my drawstring PJ pants and plop down on the couch like a good American!)
Their veggie burrito is far tastier than Qdoba. At least, their guac is better...the general ingredients seem fresher to me...and I never have a stomach ache by the end like I do with Qdoba. Sorry, Qdoba. I'm not sure what that's all about.
To the reviewer who said look at the calories online and skip the tortilla, are you crazy? Life is too short not to eat burritos. And yes, they are gigantic, so there's a reason that I cut mine in half and wrap it up right away for lunch the next day (except when sometimes I dig into leftovers an hour later).
Chipotle seems to be getting on the eco-friendly-gravy-train, with locally sourced ingredients or some other corporate BS-speak proclaiming the goodness of their ingredients on the menu. It makes me feel a little better eating here, so I guess it's working.I love chipotle but this specific location never seems to fail in disappointing me. Their tiny burritos make me regret spending almost $10 a piece for them, I could have gone to a different location and literally get a burrito twice the size for the same price. Sad excuse for a buritto.This is hands down the worst Chipotle I have ever been too. They constantly miscook the meat, over salt the rice, etc. Whenever I go to another Chipotle I am shocked at how much better it is. On top of this the staff is super rude and the online orders are never completed on time. Someone needs to fix this Chipotle!!!I thought it was only ok. So many people hype about this place, but it's average in my opinion. I ordered a steak burrito, and I felt it was a tad plain. Maybe it's my fault for not throwing in much veggies, but I felt the meat and rice could have used a little more flavor. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but it just wasn't great. I think they need a special sauce to top it off! 
Service was good. Fast and welcoming. Price is also pretty reasonable.
Overall: If you need something fast and want to avoid your typical fast food, this could be your spot. I prefer their competition, but to all their own.So so good... until I reach the spicy part of my burrito. It happens every time. I'm nearing the end of my delicious burrito and BAM! I get a super spicy spot. This doesn't stop me though, for I am the Burrito Bandito. 
Staff is nice, but they always seem flabbergasted when I say "no beans". I wish they would just accept this already. I'm never getting beans, get over it. But I always get the nachos. They always come nice and hot, with wonderful lime flavor.Despite recent food safety scares and warnings from loved ones not to, I came with a friend for lunch because I had a coupon for a free meal. How could I turn that down? I hadn't had Chipotle in years and I had missed the gigantic burrito bowls so much. When you get to build your own bowl from a selection of yummy proteins, toppings, and salsas, not much can go wrong. If it does, just throw some hot sauce which is readily available. Service was fine - on par with what you'd expect from this type of chain restaurant. I am writing this review three days after my meal and I have experienced no adverse effects. Though this meal was free, the opinions here are honest and my own!Like all chain restaurants, Chipotle is Chipotle. I frequent here for a quick pick-me-up dinner or lunch. Unfortunately, the service here is horrible. The staff is unfriendly and cold. They are also really slow, hence the forever long lines here that barely move. If you're craving Chipotle, be prepared to wait in line for a long time during prime time.I am a CHIPOTLE LOVER  (Texas, chicago, center city philly, etc) but this location is terribly inconsistent! I didn't have time to eat before starting my night shift at work so I ordered with my work group via online. If I had known this was the location being ordered from I would have cancelled my order. When my food got to me, it was a tasteless, half- bowl with blk beans, cheese (not ordered), scant chicken, and sour cream (no where near what i ordered-  missing the corn, salsa, rice, lettuce, tortillas). I was so SO ANNOYED! When I attempted to go to the next day to complain but realized it was this location I didn't bother as I have had such bad experiences with them: Undercooked brown rice, no flavor to the chicken, no vinegar in the rice. Stay away from here. The center city and city Avenue  locations are much more representative of the average Chipotle.This has to be the best place to get a naked burrito. Doesn't have an extensive menu but if your looking tacos and other things of that sort, this place is one of the best.Tldr; Staff at this Chipotle told me that their sofritas (which are supposed to be vegan) are not vegetarian and have never been.
I usually love Chipotle. And I've had satisfactory experiences here in the past. After today's visit, I may never frequent Chipotle again.
1. Asked for a veggie bowl with soft tacos on the side. Lady started getting the large tortilla they use for burritos ready, and eh I didn't care enough to complain. But first strike.
2. She asked me which meat I wanted. Suddenly thinking of the lack of protein in my diet, I asked for sofritas. Her response: "They're not vegetarian." What?! They're widely advertised as vegan, there's a "v" next to it on the menu! So I asked again: "It's tofu, how can it not be vegetarian?" She mumbled something about how their sofritas aren't vegetarian. Whatever, I moved on.
(Heard her ask one of the cooks why they 're not vegetarian, unfortunately couldn't catch his response)
3. Got to the cashier. Asked her: "Hey, have your sofritas here always not been vegetarian?" Her response: "Yes." Me: "Then why is there a v on the menu next to it?" Her: "I don't know."
I've ordered sofritas many times there in the past, so I'm very concerned that either their sofritas here aren't vegetarian (as they're advertised to be everywhere). Alternatively, none of their staff has a clue. Not sure which is worse.
Relatively small portion (compared to the past) means that I'd give this place negative stars if I could.Not bad but not great
Tastes good, healthy, clean, and bland
Good service.  Nice staff.If possible, please pick a different location. 
Like many others I don't usually do reviews on chain restaurants, much less negative ones, but this one is seriously bad. This place completely ruins the Chipotle image. 
Pros: Chipotle always tastes good
Cons: Everything else. Poor portion size. Mistakes all around. Overcharged. Unpleasant staff. 
This is how it went down. I ask for: burrito bowl, tortillas and vinaigrette on the side, guac instead of meat, salsa (2 kinds). Not too bad right? This is what I got: The second person forgot my vinaigrette. Third person gave me guac and wrote down chicken and guac. Cashier, forgot both my tortillas, salsa and charged me chicken/guac without confirming my order. I had to protest that my bowl was veggie and remind her that she forgot my tortilla and salsa. She still left my salsa sitting there. Good God lady, are you working or sleeping. Chipotle you failed me. I was so annoyed I went and ate at a Ramen place to make myself feel better.
Unfortunately, I'm probably going back today because Chipotle is addicting and this is the only location in walking distance. Eventually, I'll learn to get over you.I love chipotle! I love this specific location for multiple reasons. 
1. free parking on walnut street after 8pm.
2. outside seating! I sometimes bring my bichon poodle for walks and like to stop by here for a quick bite while people watching.
3. Always friendly staff. They're constantly running through their foods so basically you'll always get fresh of everything.Firstly I wanna say I'm a die hard chipotle fan. Whenever I don't know what I want to eat, I usually end up at chipotle. It's cheap, you get tons of food, and it tastes like something God made himself. That being said, this place SUCKS. Not because of anything bad with the three things I mentioned above but because of the service. 
I went to this other chipotle where I saw this nice, awesome chick make this gigantic burrito for this guy with "double wrap, double meat". I have a reputation for eating a lot so this was like something out of a wet dream (from drooling in my sleep). I asked her about it and she informed that any chipotle should be able to make it for you and it doesn't cost any more also! I was too excited at this point and she even offered to make one for me on the spot but I turned it down cuz I was in a rush at the moment and my burrito was almost done. 
Fast forward a couple of days. I went to the gym and worked up an appetite so I drove over to this chipotle. I tried to ask if the First Lady if she could make it a double wrap and she said sure. I'm on a roll (no pun intended). Then I asked the next lady if I could get double meat, then she just ignored me. Then I repeated myself and then she looked at me, then ignored me and then started muttering under her breath, then I asked if they could make it like a giant burrito, and then another lady answered saying they don't know how to do that while I could blatantly see the second muttering stuff (I'm assuming it's about me). In the end, I just gave up and asked the third lady to get rid of the second wrap and make it a regular burrito. 
I didn't mind that I just walked away with a regular burrito (well I did mind a little but only cuz I was hangry) but I was mostly pissed about the second girl blatantly muttering under her breath. Look me in the eye when I'm saying something and if you don't know then just say it. Someone like her does not belong on the line talking to customers. She's definitely a BOH kinda person so stick her on chopping duty or something (tats on rift arm). 
Granted it was dinner time and it was a little busy but the whole point of people in food/bev industry is that they gotta work under pressure. And if they're in the front, learn how to not seem like a witch. Obviously this place is right in university city so the people that work there are probably kids but you think a college kid would've learned manners at this point in her life. I'm curious to how she'll fare in the corporate world when there is potential more crap to dealing than just particular customers (I'll admit) like myself. Unfortunately I came here more than the place in center city because of easier parking but I much rather deal with parking that deal with her (people talking under their breath is one of the things that sets me off as you can tell).I could go here for an early lunch and be content for the rest of the day (and that's saying a lot). 
I'm a chipotle advocate in general, but when speaking specifically about true chipotle on 39th and walnut I can't say enough positive things. 
There are times when I walk in and see the line and immediately get a bit depressed, like today for instance. It was literally out the door, but I was so pleasantly surprised when I found myself ordering in under 10 mins. 
The food itself truly needs no explanation, but for all my non-believers out there let me just say you are living an unfulfilled life. They almost always serve up enjoyable portions and have options for both Jose that love em at and those that don't. 
I found today's visit to be especially enjoyable because I received a healthy help thing of both carnitas and chicken on my burrito and straight up gorged. I always love going there as a quick lunch or dinner and will always be a staunch supporter of their food. If you haven't gone yet you are truly missing out.Chipotle was sort of cool when it first came out. It's still cool to many people. But to me, it's always been average and still is.
Yes, they make a tasty burrito. And, they do it quick. And the guac and chips they overcharge you for are pretty darn good.
But as a boy for Cali, this is not a real Mexican burrito. It's so American wannabe Mexican. And, it's priced that way as well, which means you pay more for something not quite is good.
Don't mistake me. It's not bad. When convenient, like on this recent occasion, it does the trick.
But, there is a lot better out there. And, not just authentic restaurant places. There are plenty of fast food Mexican joints that are much better.AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL. these people disgust me time and time again. Officially done with this location. Everyone EXTREMELY rude. Ask for a salad, literal 5 leaves of lettuce given. Give me a break. Nope. Not for my hard earned money.staple for all Penn kids. The food is good but I find that this Chipotle always gives you less food than other Chipotles. Additionally, I'd rather walk the extra 5 blocks to Honest Toms and pay an extra $1 for their amazing burrito.Every time you ask for extra of an ingredient, they just proceed to give you regular anyway. Chicken is sometimes grilled for too long. Some employees have nasty attitudes. Think i'll try a different location.On Monday, I was craving a burrito all day. I kept thinking about it. Then I had to work late, during which one of my coworkers spent some time taunting me with a Chipotle burrito- I couldn't even steal a bite because it had meat in it! 
I kept having things to do that afternoon, which turned into evening so quickly: working out, running errands. All I could think about was having a Chipotle burrito for dinner. It was like a dream deferred. It felt so far away. 
Ultimately though, nothing gets between me and my dreams. Stopped at Chipotle in University City on my way home from work and finally at 7:30pm my wish to eat an enormous and delicious burrito came true. 
It is not an authentic Mexican burrito. But I don't care.What a ripoff!!
I got a bean burrito (3/5 stars)with some chips and guac (1/5 stars) on the side.  I paid approx $14... maybe even more for my meal.. which is far more than I want to spend on greasy fast food that is going to send my GI tract into shock. My stomach wasn't right for two days, I don't know why, I eat beans on a semi-regular basis so all I can blame is the greasiness. 
Next time save yourself the money and make your own burrito (everything they have comes out of a can anyway).If you like Chipotle food, and I do like Chipotle food, then you'll like this UC Chipotle because they make their Chipotle food just like all the other Chipotle restaurants. 
I always get the same great thing - burrito bowl, black beans, carnitas, medium hot salsa and corn. Also ice tea. 
If you go online, in terms of calories, you can see what you should and shouldn't order (jesus christ kiddo, skip the tortilla!).
What I don't like about this particular incarnation of Chipotle is the seating area. Loud and uncomfortable, so I always get my burrito bowl to go. (Seating area at the Urbana-Champaign Chipotle is way better)
Also....in my opinion, Mexican Food in Philly sucks, so in Philly this is about as good as it gets. If you want good Mexican food go to El Paso, New Mexico, or Arizona.Honestly, it can be difficult to find healthy food around campus without resorting to salads, so I always go to Chipotle when I'm feeling a little low on the veggies. If you avoid the sour cream (and white rice), you can get a pretty healthy meal for less than $10 here. I love the taste of the cilantro in the rice, and the chicken is usually juicy! The guac is also excellent, but up to you whether it's worth $2. They've been getting stingier with ingredients lately, so now the burrito bowls can fill me up for 1 meal (I used to do 1.5 or even 2 sometimes).
This Chipotle doesn't seem too different from any others, aside from the convenient location... which means it will always be packed with students during the academic year! The line often wraps around until it hits the door, and even though the service is usually efficient it'll still take you a while to get to the bar. Please pick out what you want in advance, or else everyone will be waiting for you.
Pro-tip: They have an online ordering system where you can pick up at the cash register! Saves you a good 15 minutes of waiting. There's also generally no line before 11:50 AM (and sometimes not the hottest ingredients), but anything goes after that.My daughter and I had a lunch date yesterday and decided on Chipotles.  
We have had Chipotles before but this time was quite disappointing.  I wanted to place two orders. The first, a bowl. The second, a burrito.  Both with the same ingredients.  I noticed that the initial server was in an unusual rush thus making her 1st mistake in giving me chicken when I asked for shredded beef.  When I informed her of her error, which wouldn't have occurred if she was listening, she then stated that if she added Barbacoa, it would be additional costs to me. That was her 2nd mistake.  I didn't ask for a mixture to begin with. And once she realized her error, she grabbed the bowl and threw it into the trash.  I had no idea Chipotles took part in throwing away food just for the hell of it.  
Now, onto the burrito.  Once I began nearing the end of the line to pay for the order, I realized that after they added the Barbacoa to the burrito, someone then placed cubed steak onto it. Which I never asked for.  I made it pretty clear to the servers that rushing orders causes unnecessary mistakes and voids quality customer service.  The cashier apologized for the inconvenience that the servers should have given.
Overall, although my daughter and I enjoyed the flavor of our lunch, it wasn't a pleasant experience ordering it. I wanted to get out of there in a hurry from being so aggravated.
Do better Chipotles.I love Chipotle but the service at this location was just dreadful. Walked in and I was the only one in the place at  2PM on a Saturday. The girl at the counter let me wait there for 4-5 minutes as she fiddled at the counter with things. When she finally came over, it was obvious she didn't want to be there or to serve me. So rude, not paying attention, had to repeat myself on every request. Next I have to wait a few minutes again for someone to come out from the back so I can pay for my burrito. 
I don't expect much service from a fast food restaurant but don't expect to be treated like I'm a pain in the ass for buying lunch. 
Chipotle has enough of a PR problem from past health issues, they should be working extra hard to win back customers. 
BKThe burritos here are better than the ones at Qdoba around the corner, which has gone steadily downhill for the last two years.
That having been said the people working at Chipotle must have severe cases of anterograde amnesia, because I must have repeated my order four or five times to this one woman. Every 10 seconds she looked up at me as though I had just arrived. She was a lot like that guy in Memento.Worst chipotle I've ever been to. I'd stop going if I wasn't addicted lol. They're constantly running out of things and giving half scoops of everything. Definitely needs a new manager!So I walk in and you have four staff members working the counter.  #1 is yelling at a young woman about what beans she wants on her tacos. #2 is fighting with #4 over a mismatched side of guacamole, and #3 is standing in the middle of them all and trying not to cry.... Seriously folks, a McDonald's at 3am has more decorum and poise than this. So I know chipotle is having problems with its beef and problems with its financials, but when did they throw basic management skill out the window?
Food - yeah that was pretty bad too. A burrito insanely over stuffed that it *completely* fell apart into my hands when unwrapped.Great veggie burritos. Meat eaters should know the beef is local, organic. This is a good place to eat and the food is tasty too.I was craving for an over sized burrito the other day, and I happened to pass by a Chipotle.
I haven't been to a Chipotle in ages, so they may have changed how they operated since the last time. As I recalled, Chipotle always had the over sized burrito really made for 2 people. I was very disappointed as they were making my chicken burrito. They barely gave me any lettuce, maybe 10 little shreds of lettuce on it. The size of the burrito definitely was cut in half because I was able to finish one whole burrito and was still hungry after wards.I guess this place is great if you are a typical penn kid who never eats in the dining hall or ramen in the dorm. 
I was up near Penn and excited that chipotle had opened up shop, but I will stick to el fuego.Chipotle's chicken is SO tender & whatever they cook it in makes me melt! It is so good. I even went close to closing & the food was fresh. The drinks are expensive. One thing that disappointed me was the lack of sauces. I enjoy thai peanut sauce on my burrio-less burritos! *I get it in a bowl*. Better selection than what I saw at Qdoba, helping me to make the decision of coming to Chipotle.Chipotle has been getting bad press lately, and rightly so, but I decided to give them another chance. That was a mistake. It was embarrassing how badly they served me. They gave me barely half a scoop of mild and 10 strips of lettuce, if that. I thought maybe he had just slipped or something, so I asked for a little more. He gave me three more tomatoes (I was watching because of how much they skimped previously) and literally 3 more strips of lettuce. Naturally, I asked for more, and he said no. And then I said "Really?" And he scoffed at me and said "Yup. That's all you get."
I then called the manager on the phone to tell him about my bad service. A girl picked up, however, and was clearly in the back of the restaurant based on the music I heard in the background. I told her about what happened, and she neither apologized nor assured me that it would never happen again. 
My service here was embarrassing. Don't go here. You'll either get sick from E. Coli or be treated terribly and regret going.The food is great, typical chipotle food. However, they seemed to have replaced the entire staff over summer 2014 and even after giving it a month or two to speed up this is still consistently the slowest chipotle I have ever been to. Lines are 20+ minutes even at 3pm, don't even try to wait during lunch time or dinner, the line will be out the door and crawling along.This is the last straw. I am so over this place. This is AT LEAST the fifth order I've received incorrectly. Sometimes they make the wrong protein, but 100% of the times I've ordered a tortilla on the side they've forgotten it , including today. 
Today was even worse. I arrive at 9pm. There is not a soul in the store. I ordered my food at 825pm for a 845 pick up. I walk in and it's a ghost town in there , nobody is in line and no one is eating there. Yet somehow my order wasn't ready and all the employees are standing around doing a whole lot of nothing. Both my burrito bowl and burrito weren't even touched on. She made it when I walked in and ask how she can help me .. 
then I bagged it on my own stuff because she just sat it on the counter and ignored me. 
On top of that they forgot my queso and chips which I didn't realize until I got home. 
For the record I did speak to the assistant manager Luis Washington  and he did say he would refund me if I go tomorrow. Today is "tomorrow " and he's not in - so I had to explain it to the GM Luis Rodriguez who graciously refunded me. But it's the principle. How was an order not ready after 35 m when the whole restaurant was empty and why was there no communication to the current managers ?
Worst chipotle location hands down. Lived here over 12 years and I'm confident when I say this is the worst location. Incorrect orders 95% of the time ( in my experience ) and the food is inconsistent in the amount of salt sometimes insanely bland , other times WAY too salty.
Go to this location at your own risk.This location is like any regular Chipotle. Since it is located on University campus, it has a large demographic of college students. The time when I ordered a regular burrito bowl was fairly slow. 
Try to go under non lunch and dinner times. Not sure why but I feel this location is dirtier than the typical Chipotle location. The service is comparable to any other location minus smiles. I went later on the day so the employees might have been tired or depressed but it just makes me grab my food and run.I have never had Chipotle before- so maybe my review of this specific store is biased.. But I don't care! This was good and a stellar option in University City!
I came in to try the new Sofritas. Being a vegan always on the lookout for new and exciting vegan goodies, I was desperate to give these a try. And I do not regret it. 
I had them in a bowl with brown rice, black beans, grilled veggies, pico de gallo, lettuce, and some spicy sauce. It was a very spicy meal overall. The sofritas themselves were the strangest thing- it tasted nothing like tofu- the pieces were so crumbled up that it was all sauce, aka DELICIOUS and a great cruelty free way to enjoy the benefits of tofu for those who don't like the taste. 
Eat all the sofritas!I usually have a good experience when I come here until last time when I got the carnitas instead of what I usually get which is chicken and steak. The carnitas were not fresh at all. I let my mom try it because she's usually I better judgement of food and she told me to throw it out.Honestly, I would love this Chipotle if the assembly line learned how to process customers quicker.
Seeing as how this Chipotle is right on Penn campus, you can usually expect a 20+ person line during all mealtimes. While other Chipotles would be able to process this many customers in less than 15 minutes, this particular franchise's assembly line could use a few pointers on how to do that.
Other than the fact that I normally have to wait 20+ minutes for my food, this Chipotle really isn't bad. The employees here are actually pretty nice, the food quality is typical of all Chipotles, and if you really wanted to eat in the building, it's usually not hard to find an empty table or booth.
Definitely a convenient place to get your Chipotle fix.Honestly, you can't really go wrong at chipotle. It's always healthy, reliable, and really delicious. I always get the burrito or salad bowl with brown rice, fajita, chicken, corn, mild sauce, lettuce, and guac with a tortilla on the side. I can count on it tasting the same everywhere I go. Only 4 stars for this particular establishment because the service is spotty. The workers can often be rude or slow and not very friendly. Otherwise, no complaints.I'm a college student and therefore naturally obsessed with Chipotle (veggie bowl = life) but the lines here are actually ridiculous. Like, I go at least 2 times a week during the semester and I can count on one hand the number of times when there wasn't a 15 minute line. They should open up a new location or something (I always ask myself why am I waiting so long for fast food, this is ridiculous, and then I promptly come back) but I'm already a hopeless pathetic addict so... can't complain too much.Not the best Chipotle I've seen. Very good and friendly service, but this one is a bit too dark for my taste. Great food, as well.The staff is constantly turning over at this restaurant since I can go in any given week and not recognize most of the staff. The opposite is true of the nearby Qdoba location. I've been to many chipotles, including ones in the south, west, and Midwest and the quantity and quality is almost identical. This location consistently underserves, specifically the meat items. My friends and classmates all feel similarly and many of us have stopped going. I went from going 4-6 times a month to not at all. Management told one of my friends that they couldn't add more meat after only giving him a half a scoop for his chicken burrito bowl. My friend declined to pay and hasn't returned. Chipotle overall is a great restaurant with consistently good food. However, I would avoid this location. There are many other wonderful food locations next door and nearby that are equally if not more affordable and won't have you leaving with an empty stomach.Consistently rude employees who couldn't care less about basic manners. Food is passable. Poor management.Chipotle is a staple for me and I come here on a regular basis. So I give it extra stars for being good and reliable and cheap. But damn, the workers in this location are so incredibly rude and bad at their job. I came here with a friend and we were the only people in line. The girl behind the counter was barely listening, acted like I was bothering her, gave me a tiny portion of everything I asked for, and in the end just basically through my food to the cashier like it was garbage. The cashier wasn't much nicer... 
To make things worse my friend was an international student who had never been to Chipotle before. The people were so rude to her and didn't want to answer any of her questions and treated her like she was the most annoying customer. 
People behind the counter- you have one friggin job. Can you not suck at it so much?? Thank you.Friendly staff, great burritos, and speedy service, what more could you want?  Granted I was getting my food to go and not sitting in, the length of the line didn't deter me for a second--the efficiency made up for it.  Seems like it gets quite busy during the lunch hour, but that's to be expected.  I'm sure I'll be back!This chipotle is terrible compared to any other I've been too, the service is terrible, not courteous, and not attentive at all, had to tell the cashier 3 seperate times what everything I ordered was and she still didn't put everything in my bag, and the food station was really dirty all of the choices were mixed with each other and it made my girlfriend sick she literally threw everything up less than 20 minutes after eating it, and I'm a avid chipotle visitor but this location is awful.A vegetarian burrito from Chipotle costs $5.95; beef or chicken, $6.35. For this amount of money, one can purchase roughly seven and a half pounds of oatmeal, ten pounds of bananas, or one pound of wild rice (which is actually not rice at all, but a grass that grows primarily in the American North East). When these three options are not available, however, a Chipotle burrito surely satisfies. A wise man once turned one burrito into two meals--I have never done this, and so end each dining experience with heavy eyelids and an inability to think clearly. This is also known as "The Nod" or "That Itis," and its effects are bolstered by Sunkist Orange, consumed through a straw. Frankly it is not altogether unpleasant. Thank you, too, to Chipotle, for offering free burritos the first day they opened. Though the nominal monetary savings was negated by the seemingly endless uphill battle against sub-zero temperatures, the plain free-ness of it all made it taste so so sweet.I've been a huge fan of Chipotle for over five years now. I was so glad when I saw Chipotle opened in Philly, and even more glad to see one in University city. 
BUT...
All i can say is that the staff at the university city location is downright sloppy, which yields a lousy burrito
The quality  of the burrito is all over the map. It's either too much beans or too much rice, too little salsa or too much steak. Scratch the too much steak part...I kinda like that. In the end, there is only so much a tortilla can handle.  The worst incident I remember is when a server mercilessly squeezed the living daylights of the burrito and tore it. Instead of rewrapping it, she just tacked on another piece of foil, and handed it to me as if saying," I wrapped it, didn't I? It's your problem now."  The servers at this particular location give this  joint a bad rap. If you head over during weekdays in the afternoon, you may get a better burrito.
I have to say that the spicy salsa (red) at this location is better than the city ave one, where it seems a bit milder.Obviously it's good. 
The guy gave me free guac which was super nice. They have single person bathrooms which is necessary for the humiliating process that follows eating at chipotle. The tortilla was kind of wet and cold which freaked me out and turned me off of finishing my burrito. I think it was a fluke though so I'll definitely come back because it's conveniently located halfway between campus and home.An annoying trend I've noticed:
When they get to the "wrapping the burrito" part of the human conveyer belt, they will tear the tortilla. Considering that these burritos have the breadth and stature of a premature newborn, this is understandable and almost expected.
What annoys me though is that the employees at this location will carelessly tear apart the burrito, then check to see if you didn't notice so that they can just wrap it up and let you deal with the mayhem after you get home. After creating a tear that a car could drive through (hyperbole) one employee asked me, "you think you can still eat it or do I have to grab another tortilla?" No, let me just grab a fork because of the inconvenience I've caused you. It's not like I'm paying for it or anything...
So basically, keep an eye on them when they're making your food. They are after all college students who could give a rat's *ss if you end up with a burrito that you can (or can't) contain with your two hands. Promptly call them out when they try to hide their mistakes and then your dining experience can only be ruined by your own incompetence as opposed to theirs.Om nom nom nom. Burritos!
As far as the food is concerned, Chipotle is Chipotle. They've got the magical combination of meats, beans, rice, and other miscellany that unite to form a pretty tasty meal. I live within a 5 minute walk of this location and I probably eat here 2-3 times per week.
The crowd here is almost entirely what you'd expect: college students. Unfortunately this means it tends to get VERY busy in the evenings, to the point where I'll wait nearly 15-20 minutes to get food. But, for me at least, this isn't that much of a problem because I'll always run into friends here. This Chipotle's crowd is a microcosm of Penn undergrads! 
Due to the high volume of customers at times, the workers here can sometimes appear rushed but you can hardly blame them. I've never had any bad experiences here, and this Chipotle will continue to be my go-to for a quick, filling, and delicious dinner.This particular location is a hot mess express. Everyone always seems so frantic. There's always long lines. The employees are just bitchy. I know they're mostly students who could care less, but a job is a job. I often ask for extra rice because I don't like their meat; they always act like its the biggest inconvenience to them here. I've been to several Other locations and had amazing experiences, no complaints. But this place is so hit or miss and it's mainly because of the staff. I only go to this location when I have to.I'm a huge fan of chipotle. The food at this location is good, it tastes right.
Although, service isn't so good. The employees constantly roll their eyes and rush at making the food so it's inconsistent. They will ask you what you want on top of your bowl while you are at the other end of the line...then you have to scream over the loud noise in there which is pretty annoying. You can tell the employees hate their job, it's very clear. Management here obviously isn't so good since they don't keep their employees in check, usually means the manager is just as horrible as the employees. The employees are just straight up rude, maybe even beyond rude at times.
I go to chipotle a few times a week, at many different locations. The other locations I go to their employees are nothing like the employees are at this location.Of the many Chipotle locations I have been to, this one remains one of the best.
The ingredients are always fresh -- more so than other locations in Rittenhouse and even in Manhattan. The music (though I believe this might be standardized across all locations) is always great and sets a chill mood for customers. While it can get busy at peak lunch and dinner hours, the lines move fairly fast. And most of all, the staff are extremely friendly. The portions are more generous than most other locations and the staff never complain if you ask for extra ingredients.
Overall, Chipotle is truly one of the best dining options available on Penn's campus and will remain one of my favorites for the rest of my time at Penn.Veg Burrito includes Guac says the menu. Hmmm.. then why didn't mine have any on it?
I ask and I am told I have to ask for it but the menu says it comes with it.  So it's like ordering a chicken burrito and having to ask for the chicken?? Riiiight.
Quit trying to be cheap, Chipotle.  I'll stick to something else for now. Sorry.He says:  I've eaten here a bit more than the "she" so I get to go first.  I am mixed about this place.  Firstly, the food is not bad.  They're pretty much a chain burrito shop, in the mold of Qdoba and others.    The meats are pretty tasty, which is an important part of my burrito.  I also find their guacamole to be pretty darn tasty, above average for a chain.  And they have corn salsa, which is pretty tasty.  Unfortunately, adding guac is practically 1/4 the cost of a burrito.  So basically, you can get a good burrito if you're willing to get ripped off or an okay burrito if you just want slightly overpriced tex-mex food.   A solid choice if you're looking for quick mex that takes credit though.  I prefer it over Qdoba.
She says: I agree with him.   I usually get a chicken burrito bowl; the chicken is always nicely charred and seasoned, and the rice is pretty yummy.  A little on the pricey side, but a relatively fast and tasty option.I went here after much raving from people who said they just looooooooved Chipotle. So I said, what the heck!
I had a chicken burrito and added my usual salsa of choice and just a little bit of cheese (I don't like unmelted shredded cheese on my food).
I wasn't impressed. It lacked some flavor...
Nothing special in my mind..
Qdoba loyal.
I really don't understand why there is always a long line (or at least used to be when they were fairly new)... it's nothing to rave about. Sorry, Chipotle.A huge fan of burrito. The delicious food can always remind me of the good olds days back wdk. Oh, youth~Waited in the super long line opening day because, hey, free burritos. My chicken burrito was above average, though not my #1 burrito. I will definitely head back soon and investigate further.Do not understand the hype about Chipotle. The consistent crowd made me curious about this place, but 
1) The Mediocre food isn't worth the line. 
2) Filthy and messy cashier's counter--you could just imagine the dirtiness in the kitchen. 
3) employees have zero patience and sometimes show rudeness to customers. 
4) Do they ever Empty the trash?I was disappointed with the location. I placed my order online at 4:57pm, almost 2 hours before I planned to pick it up, which was 6:30 pm. It was simply two burrito bowls, nothing extravagant. I walked in and asked the cashier where the pick-up location for online orders. She told me that I could pick it up, "right here," meaning at the cashier's station. Fine, not a problem, but of course, after arriving at 6:55 pm, the order still was not ready. I assumed when she picked up my online ticket, she was going to send it to the front of the line for priority. But, no. Instead,she ignores me and continues to take three other customer orders. After I noticed that clearly they had not prepared my order, I asked her how much longer would I have to wait. She tells me that the didn't have a chance to make the order even with 2 hours advanced notice, because "they were busy." Part of working in the restaurant industry is learning how to manage the "busy time."  If you are late with a customer order, you make a rush to expedite it. 
For an establishment like Chipotle, I was expecting better, especially since this is prime college location where they should always anticipate being "busy." It is not that difficult to scoop rice and meat into a bowl and it does not take all day. If you are too busy for customers, then you're too busy to make money. I walked out with my money and without my Chipotle, which is a shame because I really wanted some Chipotle. Take heed, Chipotle, you just got over an E. Coli outbreak. Don't add subpar customer service to the list.Oh yes my pork with black bean burritos was the best today ... they are fast and good ... also take along for chips and salsa ... not much more to say but OH YEA..!!!Unfortunately,  this Chipotle gave me cold rice... Cold chicken.. Not popping hot to balance out the salsa or guacamole!   The Chipotle n Ardmore is the best!  City Ave.. Horrible and 39th walnut ..waste of 9.57Pretty standard Chipotle set up/service. The line can get a little sloppy and rushed, but overall my recent visits have been pretty good.
I've been doing the Whole30 program, and Chipotle is one of the few chains where it is pretty easy to dine out and be Whole30 compliant.
My go-to Whole30 order is: lettuce bowl with Carnitas (only protein that is W30 compliant, double if need be), mild & medium salsas, and guacamole. It's actually delicious AND you don't end up feeling bloated and weighed down (like you might with a burrito).Consistent at being the most disappointing at everything, this chipotle is in desperate need of new management and team members. Definitely the worst experience of any chipotle I've ever been to. From low quality food prep to unbelievably poor customer service, this chipotle wins the award of most disappointing on every level. Unfortunately, it is the only location on campus.I'm normally pro Chipotle but this one was pretty chaotic. I hoofed it over the other weekend for dinner and was informed upon approaching the line that they'd run out of black beans. Um, what? You're Chipotle, you should have beans coming out of your ears. Not to mention the kid working the line should've informed his cook that he needed more. 
I waited it out about 10 minutes for more beans to be cooked, but didn't get even a fake apology for being made to wait. When first informed that I had to wait, I told the fella I'd want a new tortilla heated up (he'd heated one anyway and already put the rice on it knowing the beans were out) and then tried to pass me back the cold one. To have this be my problem is not the end of the world of course, but dude this kid is not doing this Chipotle any service by working there.
I did eventually get the completed burrito I wanted and mostly enjoyed it. I live in Fairmount and am rarely in University City. I can definitely say I won't go out of my way for this place again.Whats up with the dead rat in dining room for customers Chipotle?Never going to eat here again .Second time it was shut down by health department.Bye bye Chipolte.Mobile ordered. Fast service and ready on time!! Always fast and friendly staff. Definitely good place for a Mexican fixI can always get a seat at this Chipotle. It's conveniently located, and if I order ahead, there's really no wait! staff are always nice. 
I'm a fan of their burritos.A couple days ago I came here with my mother and I must say that my food was very tasty. However I've been on the toilet for days now.Worst chipotle I've ever been to. Unbelievably bad. Not only is the customer service horrendous but they give you the smallest servings at the standard chipotle over priced food. Cold food. Never have enough of anything. Not worth your time. Every employee should quit because they clearly hate their livesI almost never review established chain restaurants like Chipotle because I don't think they or other people care, but maybe they do care these days since their image is going down. Unfortunately, this location is not doing much to improve it. Chipotle is awesome because its supposed to consistently deliver a delicious, nutritious, and filling meal at a reasonable price. Twice in a row now, they've ran out of my two favorite toppings (fajita veggies and corn) around 9:30 PM. I realize that's late and ingredients run out, but for a chain like Chipotle that has its daily inventory needs down to a science, this should not happen twice in a row. I go to a chain like Chipotle and not the local burrito place because consistency and quality is expected based on its brand name. In them trying to save a few dollars on potentially not wasting that extra batch of corn and veggies, they will lose many customers that will just stop coming past 9 PM. Just make the extra batch, guys. 
Also, their rice here was wack. Barely warm, many kernals seemed either uncooked or overcooked - basically dry and inedible. 
Going to Qdoba next time.I was wrong about chipotle, I've been a fan of qdoba for so long and vowed to NEVER give chipotle a chance lol. My first experience at this location was terrible. I ordered a burrito bowl and they were out of cheese!!! I thought my corn was entirely way too sweet. I hated my meal. I gave them another chance this time at the city av location. I had a chicken burrito bowl with plenty of cheese and guac with an amazing side of chips. I used to think qdoba had the best chips, now on a good day their chips can give chipotle a run for their money. But if the chips aren't fresh you can get a stale batch. Chipotle chips have this wonderful crunch qdoba can only dream of having. I would prefer a little less salt but still very good. Now this guacamole, my goodness I'm in love with the overall quality. My only complaint is the long lines. But I'm an official fan nowOne of the better options on Walnut b/w 39th and 40th. It's a standby for a decent sit down burrito place. I usually get the naked vege burrito bowl (guac comes free -- YAY for being vegetarian!). It's relatively clean, though the dim lighting makes this place a sad establishment to eat at.Avoid lunchtime at all costs unless giant crowds of babbling Penn kids are your thing. Avoid move-in week all together.As with all Chipotles, the food here is quite good. Personally, I am partial to the steak burrito with double meat. However, a few things hold this location back. For one, the lines can become astoundlingly long during peak hours. Like, there are people out the door at noon waiting for their burritos. Another complaint is that several members of the staff are just over the top in their efforts to make conversation and seem cheery. I would much prefer they simply take my order and allow me to proceed to the next station rather than demand to know what I'm up to, if I'm particularly hungry today, whether I've been to the bar represented on the t-shirt I'm wearing, etc.
Again, good food, but there are better Chipotles out there.Why did I bother the time to put in my order 3 hours ahead of time and pay in advance so that I can show up and find that the order  isn't ready yet? Instead of a serious apology she tells me to sit down and wait while they get my order ready.I love Chipotle. This location has super nice people, and they are always friendly and generous with their servings of food. These guys do an awesome job. Keep up the great work!I had to leave a review because I just had such a great experience at this chipotle! Unfortunately I didn't catch the woman's name, but the woman working was SO accommodating and friendly about accommodating my dietary restriction.I want to give zero stars after what I went through all morning. Before I explain why just know I haven't been sick and I wasn't drinking which could be other factors. I got food from here for dinner last night and I have been vomiting and having stomach cramps among other related symptoms since early this morning. I've never had this happen from eating from this company until now. But the staff was super slow and one guy was to busy texting on his phone to take a girls order. It was all around horrible.Perhaps I'm not going to the right places, but generally speaking, the chain restaurants around Temple University suck. The one exception is Chipolte. 
Chipolte is a fresh addition to Montgomery Ave. and a good choice for vegetarians and carnivores. Customers have the option of choosing Burritos, Burrito Bowls, Tacos or salads,and meat selections include chicken, pork, beef and tofu.  
I get the vegetarian sofritas (like a spicy tofu version of ground beef) in a salad or soft shell tortillas every time I go.  The restaurant is clean and the service is quick, so the next time you happen to be in the area, give this place a try.I just finished trying to get through what had to be the WORST Chipotle ever. My burrito was cold the whole way though and my friend had an unidentified object in her (vegetarian) burrito -- probably meat -- she thinks. Aside from the sloppy assembly of the burritos, the cashier felt it appropriate to break in the middle of our paying for food to change the trash... without making an attempt to wash her hands before touching our food. Very unpleasant experience, won't be frequenting this Chipotle again anytime soon.I'm not sure what these other reviews are referring to... It's Chipotle. We've all been here before. I heard that they were offering free guac when it first opened which is a +1 in my book. Anyways, solid service when I was there. Very friendly staff and the food is, well, what you'd expect from a Chipotle. If you're not feeling it after one visit, Qdoba is a couple blocks away...This location started off strong when it first opened but it has dropped in quality very quick!
-Service has gotten unbearably slow
-Quality of food has dropped as well, the food doesn't taste as fresh anymore
-Like many others have stated, they tend to run out of ingredients and shortchange you on servings a lot now as well
-I'd steer clear and grab a bite at other places on campus!Giving them 3 stars not because their Mexican/American food is amazing but because of the service always super overwhelmedNo. This specific location is lacking though I love the franchise. I've gotten sick twice after eating here. The health department needs to check in with them. The chips taste old and lack lime or salt. Salsa was flavorless. Not worth it at all.it's temple so don't count on parking. they didn't fill my bowl up very much but when i asked they did a decent job. chips and gauc were great!I've been coming to this chipotle since it opened and they still don't have their shit together. They are constantly out of things and theyre sooo slow. Today I had to write a review and I never write reviews. They ran out of napkins during a busy dinner rush at 6:30 pm...this place needs new management.This is your typical chipotle restaurant. At times it can be crowded, but don't forget it is on a college campus. I have been here multiple times and haven't had a problem yet.Eating in a college atmosphere...need I say more?
Yes I will. There's nothing like the oppurtunites my to get a young vibrant college chick. 
I love it. 
Oh and the food is always fresh because the line is always deep. The male employees could do a better job of dressing however. I don't like seeing a man's underwear ever.Literally one of the worst Chipotle locations ever. Everything is always burnt, bland, and simply not great as the other locations. I try to give them the benefit of the doubt because they haven't been open very long at this location (maybe 2 to 3 yrs) but this is unacceptable.I love chipotle but, Every time I come here they never have vegetables ready. Today I came in at 4 and my burrito was made really so badly, I opened it and it fell apart / they made it so much smaller than usual. Felt like I was just eating breadHad such a bad experience here at temple university chipotle...such bad customer service and they give too little food in my chipotle bowl. Big disappointment and will never go back to that place ever again.I love me some Chipotle, but not from here.
First of all, the joint is TINY. I mean, really tiny. There is hardly any seating, and what seating they do have is very cramped and uncomfortable.
That being said, my real problem with this place was that there was a giant black hair in my food. Upon eating half my meal and then discovering it, my lunch companion and I began an observational conversation about the employees. None of them were wearing hair nets, and I am 99% certain I know whose head the stringy hair came from. Needless to say, we both stopped eating immediately.
Between the cramped quarters and the hairy food, I think it's safe to say I WON'T be returning! What a shame :(The good: Yes it's a chain, but I will say that their food tastes better than other Chipotle locations in Philly. So that's a plus. The location is also convenient. 
The bad: service is pretty awful here. Usually only one person working the line an several others in the back walking around or chatting with coworkers. They run out of ingredients fairly often. The app is a waste if you're in a rush: orders are never ready when they say it will be. In fact, on more than one occasion they never even got my order. When they did, they only started making it after my arrival. Everything is really slow here.
The ugly: finding hair in my food? Done!This place has gotten S L O W and they regularly run out of staple items like chicken, fajitas or rice. I guess they want stuff to be fresh (?) but this is a foreseeable and preventable issue that after being open for over a year should have been ironed out. Further, some employees are great and fast, while others move like snails and randomly walk away from their positions for inordinate amounts of time, bringing the line to a grinding halt. 
Who ever manages this place needs to step up because it's about to fall out of my rotation to one of the hundred other lunch options.Every time I go to this specific chipotle the food is cold.  I've never really had a great experience here.  Also the rice usually has no flavorToday, I have had it with this chipotle. I'm convinced that the workers at chipotle r sexist because every time I go in there they give my male friends more portions. Today I order a chicken burrito paid about 9 bucks and it was smaller than the water cup they give you. The burrito barely had any meat or rice and the majority of the burrito was made up of sour cream. I would greatly appreciate if the management fixed the issue with the amount of portions they give. I'm not asking for double meat I am asking for the usually amount.This place have bad services. I ordered to go, yet they added wrong stuff to my bowls. In addition, they just put the caps in the wrong bowls.Lotta hate for this particular location.  All I know is that Chipotle is one of the very few national chain fast food places that I can actually eat at.  
Seriously, when you eat healthy, crap like McDs and even ChixFillAy is indigestible. But Chipotle I can eat.My past few experiences haven't been to great, but tonight my mind was changed! I believe it was Rocky, Camille, and Summer behind the line. They were really friendly and I didn't feel rushed like usual.  I got to talk to them while waiting for steak, which they made fresh because I've had recent bad experiences. Best bowl I've had in weeks :) thanksHORRIBLE! This location deserves 0 stars. The restaurant wasn't crowded, so I'm not sure why the young girl behind the counter was moving like it was rush hour....I watched her slap rice and beans like she was training for the Chipotle Olympics (let me know if there is such a thing!)
Back to the Burrito Nazi: she stares at you, asks you if you want steak, rice...then proceeds to slap it on your burrito sloppily. The kicker: all the mess from the rice, beans, lettuce, etc ends up on the dirty counter and she wipes it with her hands to the trash and proceeds to use those same dirty hands to roll numerous burritos! 
Maybe she was pissed off because 4 of her co-workers were chillin in the restaurant eating burritos and tacos...I dunno, but damn....
Will NEVER come back again....I'll take the drive to University City and grab Qdoba instead.Since it opening. I have been going to this location. I never have any problem until just last week. I order half chicken and half steak bowl with guacamole. Came home and eat my bowl, as I use my fork to grab some guacamole, I find a big shell of avocado. I was not happy.Just opened and sucks already! Ordered a burrito, salad and chip with queso. Lettuce was barely visible so I asked for more. Salad lettuce was welted. Girl making salad was sweating like crazy and I was praying it wouldn't drip on my food. Asked for a tray to carry the burrito, salad, chips and queso, side of mild salsa and 2 drinks. Girl gave me tray with puddles of water on it (how does that happen) takes salad out my hand and places on the soaking wet tray. Needless to say my salad bowl was wet and water got on my burrito (because it wasn't fully wrapped). Finally open the chips and was disappointed again. Ok so sometimes you get a  chip that's "undercooked" but an entire bag of chips that can be folded and never break lol this place is a joke and I will never returnI've been to this location several times since it opened a short time ago,  always had a great experience with the order takers and the overall service HOWEVER I'll  never come back to this location after the lack of consideration the server showed me. As soon as she greeted me she started to Ramble On in a low fast pace tone that I could not understand, she ran off words, not sentences repeatedly.
I motioned twice that I could not hear what she was saying but she refused to slow down,  I asked her several times to speak up SHE REFUSED!! In the end I purchased food I did not want because she wouldn't listen.
Worst Experience.!!!!Terrible services. It is clear that the people who work here have never had any customer service training. Seems as though there is no leadership  or direction. No napkins and dirty tables. I will not visit a chipotle again.Had this amazing chicken burrito with my own choice of sauce, veggie and rice. The dressing was flavoursome and the presentation was amazing. My burrito was neatly packed and didn't have loose ends. Taste was so good that I got one for take away as well. If you are a student then they do buy one get one free on Saturdays of every week. The staff was amazing and it was pretty intense to see how quickly they were delivering orders to their customers. I was very impressed with their service. This will be my next stop for mexican food.We drove from Maryland to visit Temple University for a football camp on a Sunday. This Chipotle was open. Great customer service. The staff greeted us we entered, were polite and spoke as we left.    Kinda rare at chipotle so they get 5 stars from us.I don't typically review chains but this Chipotle can be frustrating. On more than 5 occasions, they have not had fajita veggies, which are a staple in my bowl. I have never run into the problem at any other Chipotle location. But I still get it because its on campus. Other than that, its just a Chipotle. Nothing different than any other that you would find.This place has gotten S L O W and they regularly run out of staple items like chicken, fajitas or rice. I guess they want stuff to be fresh (?) but this is a foreseeable and preventable issue that after being open for over a year should have been ironed out. Further, some employees are great and fast, while others move like snails and randomly walk away from their positions for inordinate amounts of time, bringing the line to a grinding halt. 
Who ever manages this place needs to step up because it's about to fall out of my rotation to one of the hundred other lunch options. 
Update: this place has gotten even worse somehow. 3 of the last 5 times I've been here they have been out of chicken. Are you raising and slaughtering them in the back?! What the actual hell is going on in this pkaSubpar.....
Although the workers were friendly, my pinto beans were undercooked and for some reason every time I come here I get way less food than I get at any other Chipotle for the same price? I usually eat about half of my bowls but I just ate this entire bowl and I'm still hungry.Hello yelper! I love m y grand daughter so much i went to her show and my it was Just lovely!! But you know Marg. I was s ooo hungry they filled me with Wine at the show so I was a little tipsy I'll admit if. I'm an adult after Ll no shame in that! Nay way Granddaughter was still hungry so I said let me take you a little treat sweatie. Of course, the food trycks were closed so we had to go somewhere else. Oh my beloved Chipotle. How dare this place slander such a good name. I know it's a happening Friday night you are all college kids but Margie isn't having that . The kids didn a good job to keep the line moving but this YOUNG LADY did not listen to me! I ask for my salsa on the side and she scopps the whole shabang in. I said um excuse me. Sad. And they were such in a rush they were barely paying attention to me. anot to mention that this Chipotle is one of the bad ones mothing was very fresh I got the Salad dressing and it was watery mind you. Soaked my rice right up ! The meat was undercooked and I was sick the whole night. Took a gas-x and NOTHING. So I say you must apologize to me. For the love of God , all I jeed is an apology because this is my sweet Chipotle and nothing can ruin thatbfor me. We had such a good night and then this! So sad for Marg.SHAME ON YOU CHIPOTLE MEXICN GRILL... SHAME ON YOU...
Hello Yelp, or should i say Hola!, as you can tell... Fran is not a happy girl. The experience I had with this so called "Chipotle Establishmint" was HORRIFIC.... My first One -Star rating ever. The food was just plan old nasty. NO FLAVOR FOR MILES. Now this hip little "senior citizen" has had her share of tastful Chipotle before... but let me tell ya this place was Awful. I got my Fran usually, the chicken bowel. (Pro tip: get a tortilla on the side and mkae your own borrito!!) It tasted like i was eating a pile of mush. And inbetween my bites of mush i chomp down on a piece of hard BONEY chicken! Had to spit it out on napkin infront of my nephews boyfriend. Yes i said nephews boyfriend, im thecool grammy i support him no mater what! All i wanted was a nice sit down meal with my boys. One of the worst Mexican Grill experiences i have ever had in my long 60 years of life. What ever you do stay . away from this place. Thanks for making my day miserabel you coorporate pigs.
Thanks for reading, Love Fran xoxoSlowest service on the planet. You can mobile order a meal an hour in advance and it still won't be ready when you show up. It's insane how poorly this place is managed. Hire more workers or stop accepting so many orders, we shouldn't have to stand out here for an hour waiting for our order.Ugh! Don't order your food from this Chipotle. I ordered a Nantucket nectar apple juice and they gave me peace orange. They forgot to put guacamole with my burrito bowl and with my chips. Lousy restaurant and would not recommend getting your food from here, whether it's through door dash or your going to pick it up.This location is very hit or miss. I've visited several times over the past year and have received the wrong or incorrect order on more than one occasion. The 2 stars are because of the customer service. Chipotle refunded my money in this case, as they delivered a chicken quesadilla when I ordered a sofritas bowl (vegetarian).Ordered two burritos online and when my order was delivered the second burrito was missing the veggies and sauce. I guess since they close at 10pm they were rushing and didn't bother to double check the order as they were making it. The burrito was so small cause i was banking on the veggies to sustain me. I ate the burrito, still hungry and have to go online and wait for a refund. I was very annoyed cause it could have been avoided if staff did their job.This Chipotle has TERRIBLE customer service. After I waited in the 25 minute line and they already made my bowl, the diamond dollars machine would not work. This resulted in them THROWING AWAY THE BOWL. I had to leave the restaurant with nothing after waiting in a 25 minute line because I didn't have another form of payment with me and I have a 20min walk back home. No way I will go to this chipotle again.Staff kills it, management is on their game, food is excellent - standard chipotle expectations.The food here is fine, it's your standard chipotle. The issue is with the online orders. I've ordered twice through the app and both times I've had to wait thirty minutes to an hour past the supposed pickup time outside of the store to get my food. Also this is chipotle, all the food is cooked, it just needs to be assembled. The system is bonkers, they make you wait for an employee to come out who you then have to flag down so they can take your name and then eventually start your order. The first time they were only accepting online orders because they were short staffed and COVID precautions, both of which are understandable, however it seems so strange to not just start the orders as they come in. The second time I came they were allowing people in and they served them immediately, pushing aside all online orders, even if you had put in a name. They also won't let you pick it up in store, despite the directions on the chipotle app. You instead have to wait for whenever an employee collects enough orders to bring them out, so they sit and get cold before it even gets to you. When you're letting people in to order, why can't people come in to pick up their food, you have the shelf for it already? Again, the food is fine but given how many people order takeout they should improve the pickup system. If you can't be ready for a pickup until and hour after I've ordered, make that clear ahead of time and don't give me the option to pick up fifteen minutes after ordering if you can't fulfill that.Do yourself a favor and DO NOT GO TO THIS CHIPOTLE. Ordered via doordash with estimated 30 min pickup. After an hour there was no call so we went to try and get it. They took our names after 30 additional minutes of waiting and said it doesn't matter if we ordered on an app, the time starts when we get here.. Makes so sense! Over 2 hour wait, complete waste of time. They are in serious need of management revamp.i hate to be a karen but i have ordered from here a handful of times and have never had a good experience. tonight i was given chicken instead of steak, no corn in my bowl, and both of my bags of chips were missing.I just called the store @ 1:10pm on 7/22. I ate there around 11/11:30am and got  violently sick. I ate the steak salad, brown rice, corn and lettuce. Hot sauce and a side of sour cream. Something was off this was the only thing I ate all day. I am so angry. I keep throwing up. I called the store and the girl said sorry to hear that. I will NEVER go back! EVER!It's like every other location but not as fresh. They really like to pinch every penny here since I ended up getting the scrapped parts of the brown rice and brown guac. The black beans look like they've been sitting there for a while and they were out of sofritas since they didn't want to make another batch. Another negative is the tortilla was hard and they didn't fill up the burrito like the other locations I've been to. On the plus side, I didn't get sick like how some other people described their experience. Qdoba's a better option between the two burrito giants.Can you give lower than 1 star? You're lucky you if not. You guys BLOW. I ordered 2 1/2 hours before close and made doordash wait over 2 hours at the location for an order that was never fulfilled. After countless cellular minutes wasted, I was told by an employee (via doordash call) that the location was closed and was not taking more orders... you would think I dropped my colostomy bag when I say I absolutely lost my shit! 10/10 would definitely NOT recommend this garbage excuse for a well-established franchise.Just went at a very busy time. There were 10 people in line and 15 people waiting for online orders. The staff was working very hard and serving as fast as possible. 
I had to wait about 20 minutes later than my pick up time but I understood. The food actually came out good too. Everything was in my order and it tasted good. 
The employees were working their asses off.I totally get restaurants are busy and getting a lot of orders during COViD times but this place needs  new management. Placed my order in Uber eats for pick up at 7:30 today for pick up. Got no reply at 9 so I went to the store to see what's happening, maybe the app wasn't updating. It was a mad house when I got to the location. There was a group of 20 people waiting outside the store with their phones just like me trying to get their order. Finally got to talk the the worker that came out to pass the food once in a while. Was told that it doesn't matter when you order the food, you need to tell her your name and she will find your order and then they will make it. SHOULDNT THE FOOD BE MADE IN THE ORDER IT WAS SENT TO THE STORE? if I didn't go to the store to see what's going on, my food would have been last?? WHAT THE POINT OF THE ONLINE ORDERS THEN? At the same time they were taking walk in customers, so all the people who ordered hours before hand doesn't get their orders made first. Everyone waiting outside was getting pissed and there was no system in place. We had to legit fight to get our names to the worker so she can try to find our order. There was literally a pile of orders printed out by the cash register waiting to be made. IF THE STORE IS OVERWHELMED, STOP TAKING ONLINE ORDERS THEN. Waited another hour outside the store, can't give up now. And finally food came out at 10! That is 2 and a half hours!! Neve again.Every time I order delivery, it comes an hour or two after the estimated delivery time. They just make the door dashers just sit and sit. I don't get this. If u r that busy, stop accepting online orders. If you are that busy, update it on your delivery app. Don't say it will take 30 minutes, when in reality it takes 1.5-2.5 hours. 
Just so greedy and deceitfulI got white rice, pinto beans chicken and fajitas on my burrito. I was unable to get black beans or mild salsa Bc excessive online ordering. I waited in line 20 minutes while they made online orders. People moving in slow motion. 
My burrito was the size of my palm.Whoever manages this location should quit. Not once has a delivery order been correct. They hand out orders to whoever shows up at the spot and 50% of the time they cancel on you. I spend more time speaking to support than eating. AVOID THIS LOCATIONI got to chipotle as soon as they opened (I know I'm annoying but a girls gotta do what a girls gotta do) the person behind the counter had big round glasses and brown hair I think. They got everyone's burritos made quick and cashed us out fast. They were a beast making those burritos! Give that girl a raise!!!they forgot our guac, they forgot to put lettuce, and some of the chicken in my burrito was inedible, never had a bad experience here before so it was a disappointmentDo _not_ order delivery from here. This is the second time that my order hasn't shown up. Every other time it's been severely delayed. The most recent time is because my order was stolen and needed to be remade, and the restaurant didn't answer the phone despite calling 4x. The other two times are a mystery. Inconvenient and disappointing.Our guacamole had half of an unriped avocado in here that we couldn't even break and part of a pit still on it. This is disappointing considering that a side of guacamole is $3.I work for uber eats and postmates. I understand restaurants are struggling because of the Covid 19 scare but have a system when it comes to delivery services and online orders. This location does not. Drivers waiting 20 minutes to an hour for food, very ignorant staff, two people who looked like managers sitting doing nothing to help. Never dealing with this location again.Oh Chipotle, I think our love affair is coming to an end.  I've noticed in the past few months that you are serving considerably less food in your bowls than in the past and this makes me extremely sad considering I'm paying about the same cost.  
Let's be honest for a second here, I cheated on you and went to Qdoba the other day.  I got my regular - the bowl (er, "naked burrito") - with the same toppings and add-ons for $3 less that was overflowing with deliciousness. 
This is so hard for me, but I'm sorry - it's over.  I'll miss you and your snazzy music selectiongood reliable food, fast and easy.  and pretty tasty tooMy coworkers adore Chipotle.  At least three of them get a burrito at least once a week if not three times.  There's good reason for this. 
First, Chipotle has the cleanest look and feel of any Mexican fast food joint around. It's classy, modern, and the offerings are very similar.  Second, the food, as you will read on their menu, is locally sourced and organic (at times).  Third, the food looks and tastes fresh-- easily the biggest positive.  Finally, the proportions are filling.  
The reason for four stars is less about  the fact it's a fast food joint that doesn't have a second to slow down.  You enter the assembly line, you order your food, and the cashier is more interested in getting to the next person than serving your needs.  That's expected.  It's about the fact that regardless of the clean, modern feel it's $7 for a burrito that is mostly rice. Sure, it's the size of a small child, but it doesn't justify the ratio of rice to meat/veggies. 
It's true. I'm a fan of Chipotle. I'll go back, but I wish they'd double up the veggies for me and limit the rice.I live for the vegan sofritas and eat here way more often than I should.My partner and I come here often for lunch when shopping on Walnut St. The vegan options are limited, but good. I usually get a black bean burrito, however, once I ordered the pinto beans and did not know they were cooked in lard! I tasted it immediately and the manager was kind enough to replace it and give us coupons for a future visit. I will definitely continue coming here!Great experience! Perfect scoops of rice, nice portion of chicken. They treated me like a king, offering me any of their additional toppings --even guacamole (but it is extra)!This Chipotle is the best Chipotle. The team they have working the assembly line is friendly, fast, and motivated. The burrito I get is always spot on and none of the ingredients are undercooked.
The Chipotle in Abington (see my review) should come and observe this Chipotle to learn how the operation is supposed to run.
5 stars to the GOATif i die of a chipotle overdose i will die happy.   General chipotle praise aside, I have always found the staff here excellent.   They're always in a good mood.Came here for a vegan veggie bowl. They messed up my first bowl by putting chicken in it. When they made me a new one, they put sour cream on it. When i said i didnt want sour cream, they tried to scoop it off with a plastic ramekin. I ended up just saying nevermind and leaving. 
I wasnt a fan of being rushed through line anyway.
Now im just frustrated and hungry. 
I dont usually waste my time at fast food places, but i thought the non GMO ingredients sounded like a good lunch choice on my break. I guess i will possibly try another location sometime?
One star because they are gmo free.. 
One star because i do feel bad that i left.
Im not saying not to come here, but i reccomend to be very specific and clear to the employees so they dont mess yours up like mine!It was good until I found out that the buyer for Chipotle gets half his stuff third world countries. The pork products come from Vietnam all the beef products come from Honduras, lettuce tomatoes  from Guatemala. The Wonder everybody's getting sickSavory, delicious, great value, and fast (usually).
This Chipotle has a convenient location in Center City if you live in the area, but I imagine it's a real pain to find parking.  Delicious food, however the setup of space (can get very crowded) and noise level (usually on the louder range) make it not the ideal place to dine in.  I usually just grab and go.
Rundown:
Burrito bowl to go with tortilla on side
Mix brown and white rice
Extra rice instead of beans
1/2 steak and 1/2 chicken
2 scoops pico
2 scoops corn
Lettuce on top
Cheese in a cup
Outcome:
Slide that 1lb bad boy into a bag, grab some napkins and 2 forks, I'm usually good for two meals.
This meal was the single most item I craved when I was in Africa for 3 weeks.  Either very sad...or just very awesome food...maybe a little of both.Cool looking place. I definitely feel like I went here on a bad day.
Everyone tells me that Chipotle is the best mexican fast food chain (I can't believe this is even a category, it used to be just Taco Bell..) I can find.
I gave them an easy one my first time here, I usually go with the complex burritos, etc. But decided to go for a chicken quesadilla for my first experience at Chipotle. I think they forgot to grill it.
It was pretty expensive for chicken, cheese and a tortilla and fell apart as soon as I lifted it up. I'll definitely give this place another try because of the good things people say about it, but for my first visit, I was extremely disappointed.I'm not sure I get all the Chipotle hype.  Especially this location.  It is extremely narrow and near impossible to find seating at lunchtime.  
The staff seem to be almost robotic...don't dare ask a question about rice when they shout "chicken, beef or pork."  It will completely throw off their groove, and you will be on the receiving end of a nasty little look.  I speak from experience.  
The ingredients are fresh, I guess.  But when they all mix up in your little bowl or burrito, they are indistinguishable from one another.  Nothing special here my friends.I understand the the draw that Chipotle holds for poor college students and young adults... its a ton of food for not a lot of money, but that's all it is, and it doesn't even keep you full very long.  Everything is luke warm and nothing tastes fresh or even good.  The only reason I got dinner here was because the boyfriend had a BOGO coupon and I figured it'd be a cheap way to do dinner.  I got the bowl, not the burrito (I have some crazy thing against burritos, don't ask...), and didn't eat more than half before thinking "why the heck am I eating this..."  
Never again.Chipotle, overall, I enjoy.
This location can get the job done (chicken burrito bowl typically for me). However, as I compare this location to several others in CA, they could go a bit faster. Through observation, they should pay more attention the the patrons' ahead of me's orders as they tend to mess up which causes a delay in the process.
But I still enjoy Chipotle!I wonder how many people in the city got a buy one get one free coupon from Chipotle like I have, the place was packed. Luckily I got a table in the former lofty Susanna Foo space and while I had to order lunch, my companion kept watch on the table. 
The space is pretty nice, clean and brand spanking new with great lighting. I've never been to a Chipotle since most of them are in the burbs and I don't drive. So I've ordered two burritos, one barbacoa and one steak. Frankly I didn't know what barbacoa was as it didn't state it on the menu, I know it means barbecue but I don't know whether it was beef or pork, turns out, it's beef. 
At the assembly bar, the server steamed the tortilla slightly and put the  sauce, meat and rice and beans on top, then it's passed on to another person to put on sour cream, cheese, salsa and lettuce. You can pay extra for some guacamole. The end product is huge. I can hardly finish one and I'm a big guy.
I have to say though that the sour cream mellow out a lot of flavor, so the various available Tobasco sauces were welcomed. I love the steak cubes even though there's not much of it, it provided a chewy bite that provides variety to the other textures. The corn salsa also added some sweetness. I would like the whole thing to be grilled to a crisp and I would also have welcomed a steak sauce but it'd be quite unauthentic. 
With a drink, it'll be about $10 a person which is reasonable. Again, the whole burrito is quite filling, so it's possible that you'd share one of this with a friend. They also have bowls, taco (x3), salad and chips and salsa available. If they could salt the meat a little bit more to add some flavor, it might be better but I surely don't mind it, especially with a free coupon. Nothing wins my heart over faster than free food. 
Is anybody else appalled that a tortilla is 200-300 calories? That's the downsize of listing the calorie values of each ingredient isn't it?Always my go-to spot for a quick, fresh Mexican meal. Dependable, reliable, delish! Guac is definitely worth the extra $As usual, enjoy chipotle as much as everyone else. Fast service. 
Once I went and the rice was really undercooked which ruined it as I always get it to go so I was at work and disappointed but that only happened once. Otherwise very happy with chipotle. I always get a sofritas bowl, yumChipotle is my go-to hangover food on a Saturday/Sunday morning. I will wait anxiously like a little kid on Christmas for it to be 11am so I can go get my burrito to start easing my whiskey-induced pain courtesy of the night before. 
Rarely do I eat at this location. It's not just because 1)I look like a hot mess when I roll in there or 2) because, let's face it, it is impossible to look attractive while burrito is falling every which way on your hands and face. Rather, the restaurant can be pretty crowded and it's difficult to find a seat depending on what time of day you go. 
I have never had bad service here so I am happy about that. Though, I can't help but get a tad peeved when they tell me that "guac is extra". Yes, I know, what does this look like amateur hour? Just heap on the goodness, I'm not concerned about the cost. 
My review is now just about as big as chipotle's burrito which, for those of you who don't know, are huge. I can't speak to the delayed effects of Chipotle (which some people can unfortunately experience) but I can personally attest to its ability to please my taste buds and stomach.My brother swears by Chipotle's quality and flavors.  I've experienced much better.
I tried the Sofritas bowl yesterday, as I didn't see any veggies in the bin, and as I needed something with protein.  My first disappointment was with the proportions.  A decent amount of rice, about four black beans, a TON of Sofritas, a bit of pico de gallo, and a bit of cheese.  Understandably, when I started eating, I noticed how overpowering the Sofritas were in the dish.  It tasted like a bowl of salt.  I kept trying to get more and more rice on the fork to ease the salty taste.  
Perhaps the new American palate is all about salt, but as much as I love it, I think it needs to be toned down.I usually go to the food court one at the mall, but decided to take a walk during lunch today. I made it to this chipotle at around 12:30PM and there was literally no line at all! I'm not sure if it's because it's the week after Presidents' Day weekend, and many people simply decided not to work this week or what, but I was very excited about the lack of line !!
They are not very generous with the portions here! So If you're someone who loves chipotle for the portions, this specific store might not be the move.
All in all, solid clean chipotle. No complains. Lots of seating as well.I am not sure whether it is Chipotle in general or just this particular location, but WOW this place has gone downhill fast. Their ingredients used to be great quality, but now it's all nasty.  I ordered a salad and got more leaves of cilantro than actual lettuce.  Or at least I think I did.  I couldn't actually tell if there was lettuce in the bowl under the 65 pounds of salsa they slopped on.  What a hot mess of a place.  Also, there is literally nothing left that isn't encrusted in cilantro.  It's been real, but see ya never, Chipotle.I enjoyed this chipotle as I do any other.  This one did not particularly stick out in my mind as far as the food goes because they offered the same choices for food as the others.  The place itself was very cramped and a little uncomfortable standing in line because the tables were right next to you so you almost felt like you were hovering over their food which I did not like feeling like that and I am more then sure they did not appreciate it as well.  The line was long when I got here but, they were on the faster side of some chiopotles they were really churning and burning to get the line moving which is always a plus.  The staff was friendly and efficient because not only were they going very quick they were getting everyone's orders right.   Which I think is actually the most important part.  Parking was nearly impossible I did not bring a car as I ran here from school but, it did not look like there was anything but street parking and that was so few and far between that if you have to drive here you might want to choose another chipotle.  They are also doing roadwork in that area around this time so that also cuts out a lot of parking and really backs up traffic.Always my favorite.  I received a healthy amount of everything I asked for.  Staff was friendly and kind.Chipotle is a staple in my diet.  I hit the Cherry Hill location literally 4 times a week.
I'm just trying to spread the Chipotle stoke.  I'm re-copying some of my Chipotle "lessons learned" from my Cherry Hill review here.  
1.  Don't fear the salad
--It's essentially a bowl with some lettuce on the bottom.  I throw a little white rice on.
2.  Skip the dressing
--It's unnecessary (and it's made from crappy oils) -- just get all three salsas and you are golden.
3.  Barbacoa is really dependable
--It's also the only meat on the menu that is not cooked with soybean oil (soybean oil = not desirable).  I get the steak when it looks fresh off the grill.
4.  Guac rules
5.  Get shredded lettuce on top of the guac -- keeps it from sticking to the lid.
6.  Skip the soda, pimp the lemons
--I ask for a cup for water -- squeeze three lemons in and fill with water.  Lemon aid, for free.
Honestly, the Cherry Hill location gives this one a run for its money.  This location doesn't quite hold up in terms of service and quality.  But, by all means, it's still an extremely solid Paleo / gluten free option for under 10 bucks.  Rip it.I like Chipotle. This is one of the better ones. 
I don't like Center city though. Fuck that place. 
All these people breathing up all the air. Crowding into places. Can't park anywhere!If I were to rate Chipotle for being Chipotle, it would for sure get an easy five stars! However, given the assumption that most readers have already frequented a Chipotle and knows the goodness that it is (with its standard ingredients that pervades across this nation), my two-star rating applies solely to this particular location. 
For one thing, my friend found a short frizzy piece of hair in her food that was NOT characteristic of anyone at our table. Um yeah, ew. 
For another thing, why would they meld ALL the hightop chairs into the floor so that they can't ever be moved? So basically if you ever go with more than four people, either you're going to have to a) split into two tables, which is never quite as fun, b) have the extra person stand as they eat, or c) eye whoever is at the ONE booth table that's basically always taken until they leave and quickly snatch it up and squeeezeeee (which is what our party of 6 did). #poorarchitecturaldesign
And finally, the servers here can be pretty stingy about their veggie portions, even when you ask for just a little more and it's closing time anyways... (sad face).Here's what I like about the place.  The vegetarian options.  I eat here at least once a week. Every time I get the same thing: a vegetarian burrito or vegetarian bowl with white rice, black beans, fajita vegetables, and guacamole. It's somewhat   Healthy. Sort of. For fast food that is. And it tastes pretty good too.  The meat looks terrible to me, so I never go near it.  In any event, i prefer it to the other Mexican place up the block.It is Chipotle. It is better than the place you go to. It is better than Qdoba (and always has been and always will be).
There's nothing specific about this Chipotle that's different than the rest so in other words, you can rest assured that their recipe for success is still working.
Occasionally it gets very busy. It does not however, occasionally get less tasty. In fact, it gets more, and MOARE tasty!!
Also, if you don't like chipotle, you're probably just not ordering enough of it. You need to spend at least 20 bucks. Get guac on everything man, like seriously everything, even your soda. And you can't not get chips, unless you're like made out of freakin chips, in which case BRAVO sir. You basically HAVE to get chips and guac. Also, if you don't eat here at least once a day then you are probably some type of inhumane ungodly looking creature and we shouldn't be friends.I went when it first opened and used my debit card to pay.  Next thing I know, I got a BOGO coupon in the mail!  I wonder if they just sent it to everyone or if they got my information from my card, however it happened, I'm not complaining because I'm going to go back to this very pretty space for a chicken burrito that has tortilla that doesn't stick to my teeth (as compared to Qdoba) and perfectly prepared rice (as compared to Qdoba's) for double the yum!Never got a bad burrito here!
Awesome place.
You can customize your order, order ahead, and pick it up.
Fast and Good Food.Fast food with a more upscale feel. Food quality is always very good and the portions are big. The choices for what type of food is more limited so if you're looking for a large variety, I would say look somewhere else. It really depends on what mood you're in, if I'm looking for more variety, I almost always go to Qdoba; however if I'm looking for a solid burrito and that's it, Chipotle all the way!I often find it difficult to find a quick meal in Center City that is somewhat healthy and fast, with great taste and quality products.  Chipotle Mexican Grill in Rittenhouse Square comes to the rescue!
The food is always piping hot and fresh.  I have been to the location four times, and during each visit I found the line fully stocked with food that was fresh, hot and recently stirred.  The store has many healthy options that fit into a 500-750 lunch diet.  My recommendation is the Burrito Bowl with the Barbacoa.  According to their website, the shredded beef Barbacoa is actually lower in fat than several of their other meat dishes.  This location now served brown rice - which combines the cilantro flair of the white rice, with a light nutty flavor.  Other lower fat and lower calories options include the tacos, the burrito and the salad.  (The meals fit so well into my calorie plan that I can even get some full fat shredded cheese.)  
While this store gets very busy (up to 15 people in line during my peak lunch hour visit), the lines move super fast.  The staff hardly has a second to think as they are so focused on getting you in and out the door to get you back to your office.  Service is important to me -- and I have found the crew members here are always on their toes and extra efficient.
The only downside to this newer Chipotle location is the lack of seating.  During almost all of my visits the dining tables have been full.  However, there is something to be said about being popular! 
My recommendation for healthy lunch:  Barbacoa Bowl with Brown Rice, Pinto Beans, Extra Salsa
For a treat (not on the diet plan), don't skip the tortilla chips!  They by far are the best in Philadelphia with a hint of salt and lime.  Better yet, get a bag to go!Good location. Fast service and short line at 9:30PM on a Monday. Plenty of seating and super clean bathrooms.I think Chipotle has finally lost a loyal customer. I have been trying to hang on, but they've become so stingy. No wonder their business is hurting. I always have to ask multiple multiple times for more veggies...otherwise I end up with a sad empty bowl of lettuce and beans for $9. There are plenty of other options in the neighborhood. Chipotle, step up your game!Decent fast-casual food. Better than Qdoba. Salad bowls and guacamole are pretty good.
The space for sitting and eating is comfortable and well lit.Short version: I was their first customer of the day. Had to wait for the workers to finish their personal conversation prior to ordering. I ordered a salad, only to find out there was no lettuce and "there wouldn't be for awhile". I ended up being charged $15 for a bowl of a half scoop of rice, chicken, corn, and some brown guac that had definitely been left out overnight, and a fountain drink. The worker then proceeded to argue with me for another 10 minutes while ringing me up and my food was cold. Best part? I go to get my soda and there is a cockroach on the counter by the forks/drinks/condiments. A COCKROACH!!! They had just opened so clearly nothing was sanitized or wiped down upon opening. I would hate to know what goes on back in the kitchen....
#TEAMQDOBA4LIFEok once and a while. a little better than qdoba. their guac is really good.This is absolutely our go to spot for cheap eats. If you can't decide on which meat you want, they let you do half/half. I usually do half chicken and steak and they're both awesome. Just simple and good fast food.I love chipotle! The staff here is generally really friendly and helpful. Food is always great. Love the burrito bowls. Usually the line is not too long. You can also pre order online and pick up.Great fresh food. It s filling and a healthier version of fast food. Organic but still flavorful.I never experienced Chipotle before I moved into Philly, and I'm not sure how I survived without it.  I've had several things off the menu and have been impressed with each and every item.  At this point, I'm hooked and am constantly craving burritos.
But, I must admit, that I tried Qdoba again for the first time in years, and they have really stepped up their game.  Chipotle needs to get it together and get queso and a rewards program like you can find at Qdoba.I feel a bit silly writing a review for a chain fast food restaurant, but everyone's doing it so why not! Most of you probably know how good the food is, so I won't go too much into that. However, just be aware that this location is THE prime Chipotle in the city. There is one on 12th/Walnut, but this one attracts basically everyone in the Rittenhouse/Financial District area so definitely expect it to be packed from 11:30am to 2:30pm any given weekday. Even on the weekends, it can get somewhat packed around these times. The line does however go faster than one may initially think. The service is pretty standard. You do get the stereotypical employees every now and then that are pretty stingy on the ingredients (which definitely doesn't work for a vegetarian like myself!). However, on the contrast, sometimes they hook you up with extra stuff, especially when they're closing up for the night or when they're closing early like on NYE.
I wish there was more seating in here, but I guess I've mostly taken it to go and eaten at work so I guess I can't complain much. Last but certainly not least, FYI they just raised prices so a veggie entree is about $7.50 now :(.Always satisfying experience to come here. You get value for the money and even more. Great spot for a quick meal on the go!Hi. My name is Alicia and I'm a guacamole addict. There. I said it. These things can't be helped. Or can they? Chipotle certainly gave it a go! 
I like the burrito bowl. Picture it: last week. Cold, tired, and hungry. I passed by a Chipotle and stopped. Is this real? I thought it was Qdoba or nothing. Alas! I get in line and decide to order my usual from home. Rice, fajita onions no beans! Chicken, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, and a heaping spoon of guac. NOM. I can hardly stand to talk about it because I miss it so. 
Point of this is I'm dramatic and I love Chipotle. I thought it'd be salty like sometimes back home but no! No salt overload, good quality, and delicious. Plus the service was good, they came and checked on us like a real place. I did notice my friend's burrito was on the small side so 4 stars it is, though I'm pained to say it.Well-run, efficient, tasty, dependable, quick. 
I order the burrito bowl every time, changing up the protein, and am never disappointed. Very consistent as far as quality and taste, and love that the beans no longer are cooked with bacon grease. Well done Chipotle!
What more can you ask for?This Chipotle's burrito building efficiencies are paragon. They must have gotten A+'s at burrito school. You know how sometimes they just throw the beans on there with all their bean juice, and the tortilla is sog city? Not here. The cashier was in swipe zone and wasn't gonna quit until all the cards were swiped. She was like "can't stop, won't stop" and just kept swipin and swipin her way through the lunch onslaught, only taking a break to wipe the sweat from her brow, and high five herself. On. Her Gaaaame.I love Chipotle I wish they had one closer to my place.  This is probably the closet one but its downtown in a not so easy area to park so unless I wan to walk 25 minutes or a burrito I only hit it up once and a while.
Line move fast they were extra generous on the gacu which is a super plus I hate when people are stingy, especially if you are paying extra for it.  I tend to get the veggie burrito it comes with gacu but occasionally I get something else and usually add it.I love Chipotle! It's the best place for fast mexican food. However, this one isn't the best of them. Don't get me wrong, I come here often bc I love the food, but the lines are RIDICULOUS!!! And sometimes, I felt a if they were rushing so bad putting things together that it sometimes spills out of the bowl. And if you have never ordered from chiptole before, I feel as if they rush you. I felt so overwhelmed the first time I ever went here. It's a what do you want and they just scoop away. I felt like there was no time to look at the items they have.
So, I then resorted to ordering online. It makes the whole experience so much better! You walk in, skip the lines and watch all the stares of people standing in line thinking in their heads like..wtf!! HAHAHA. I have waited a few times, but not as long as if I ordered there.
My fav - Burrito bowl w/ brown rice, tomato salsa, hot salsa, corn salsa (yes, I know...it's tons of salsa, but sooo good), black beans, lettuce, cheese, and barbacoa. I skip the sour cream and guac (gotta watch my girlish figure...lol. JK)
I really wish there was a chipotle near where I lived. I would probably go everyday. Hmm, maybe it's a good thing I don't live near one. I'd prob have a heart attack.I like chipotle. Good for vegetarians like myself. This location is ok kind of noisy and the staff unpleasant. I like the one at the City ave location much better.I love Chipotle! Not just this location, but just about every location I've been to. Chipotle is by far the best "fast-food" style mexican place out there, miles above places like Qdoba or Moe's, and light years past Taco Bell.
Chipotle not only offers delicious items (their spicy salsa is the best), but they are fast, efficient, and in no way skimpy. Obviously, prices are a little high for fast food, but the extra couple bucks are well worth it. So glad they opened one up in Center City, and looking forward to many more of these opening up all over the city!At Chipotle, I had the Sofritas Burrito, which was warm, comforting, good clean food. It's a fair sized portion. 
Solid food that's reasonably priced. 
3.5 starsI know it's just a Chipotle but...
ITS A CHIPOTLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!1111!!!!
it feels so spacious (I wasn't there during a busy time but even so, the ceiling is really high and makes it feel more open). i love the seating, stools at tables all the way back the narrow restuarant (but not narrow in a bad way). 
It's so nice and clean and new. The employees are happy and nice (they haven't had time to hate their jobs yet probably). There's this really cool Aztec-looking art on the wall. 
Chipotle itself has really awesome fast food that I definitely prefer to Qdoba. They use a lot of fresh, organic, and local produce and though I don't eat meat, I'm pretty sure they're behind fair and humane practices.
Good job, Chipotle, for placing yourself one block from my work.When two lonely women lock eyes in Chipotle, a bond is made. A connection, an understanding between two fake-Mexican-loving overeaters.When I heard Chipotle was opening up in Center City I almost was in disbelief!!
I love me some Chipotle and this place is swanky. Yes I used the word swanky. 
Only two reasons 4 and not 5 stars is:
Place is really dirty after 7pm-ish
I don't like having to ask for more beans or rice!Great food (as with most Chipotle restaurants) and usually isn't too crowded, even at peak dinner times the line doesn't take more than 5-10 minutes to move through.Great place, grabbing lunch before heading to the Apple Store, very delicious steak bowlThe place looks nice from the outside but inside was not clean. The tables and floor need to be wiped down and swept. Ok for fast food but not pleased with the appearance. Prefer Qdoba over Chipotle now that I tried it.This is a nice location- never much of a line, if any, when I come in, and the crew is very friendly!  Glad I live so close to here!The company I work for decided to try out Chipotle's catering as an option for one of our quarterly office events for my department. I will say the food itself was oK, it came with everything that we needed (The ONLY reason I gave 2 stars as opposed to 1), however the process to get the food was extremely stressful, exhausting, and a huge inconvenience. We tried multiple times to place the order for delivery online as well as on the phone with different credit cards that worked fine with all the other orders that we made. Do to Chipotle's system issues it would not allow us to make the payment so we had no choice but to place the order for delivery which took away time we didn't have to spare. I called the morning of the event to confirm everything was in order and I was informed that the order was canceled. I had a whole department waiting and they cancelled my order without a call or at the very least an email to inform me. One of the customer service representatives looked into it and said it was a store manager that cancelled because they can't accommodate our order. They said they will place another order for a later time and I still had to pick it up. What really befuddled me is that they placed the order at the very same place that it was canceled after they claimed they couldn't accommodate. I had to go with it because at this point I was in a bind and had a department full of people to feed. Thank God we eventually got what we needed but that shaved an hour off of our time that we have to get pre-approve for these events as well as took us away from work that needed to be done that day. When I called to discuss the matter I was told that they would like to keep our business and they will have someone call me back. It's been a week and I have yet to receive a phone call. Very unfortunate. I couldn't convince my company to go with this business again if I wanted to do to the lack of professionalism.Glad to see a Chipotle make its way outside of freaking University City and City Line Avenue.
As a transplant from Maryland, an area that thrives off Chipotle, it's good to have one in the city I now live in.
Cannot go wrong with almost any item here as they are all DELICIOUS. Especially the vegetarian burrito and chicken burrito.
Their guac is phenomenal for a chain, so I definitely recommend that as well.
All in all, I will be visiting this location more often when I'm on that side of Walnut Street.Meh - I don't know what I was expecting, but I suppose for a vegetarian whose choices here are limited to one thing, I should have realized I was just going to get something pretty basic. Good? Yes. Fresh? Oh, very. In fact, that THAT's probably the big draw here - everything is super fresh and that shines through. Cheap? Yes! Win! But I can make seasoned veggies at home. I wish I had more to say - I wanted to LOVE Chipotle, but I was impressed with everything BUT the taste. 
           Employees were so nice I wanted to take them all home. Place was clean, even the restroom. I may be back, if only because I feel confident of product quality, price point and staff, but I can't say it'll be my go-to. This makes me sad, but....I know for a fact that there ARE locations of Chipotle that carry faux meat for their burritos and tacos. GET WITH IT, center city Chipotle! I need some seitan in the mix, here! THEN you get your 5 stars, I promise.I'm going to be real. This is my go-to fast food minus chick fil la- not open on Sundays so I can't be totally devoted to that. 
I come here 3-4x a week on average. I don't like cooking very much so this is the place I go to for lunch and dinner.
I get the half chicken/half steak...I think this is the best way to maximize the amount of meat you get. You get charged for the steak but I think it's worth it. 
This is first on my top ranked fast food place. Close tie to chick fil la but like I said..chick fil la ain't open Sunday so I give it to Chipotle. The line goes by pretty quick which is also why I ranked it above popeyes because who doesn't like fried chicken? #amirightBest guacamole and chips hands down. BOOM! Best burritos and burrito bowls too. Now it just needs beer to wash all that deliciousness down.not much to say but:
FINALLY!! A CHIPOTLE IN THE CITY!!
also, the exterior design is stunning. reminds me of a luscious apartment building in downtown new york. already made me happy walking up to it and i wasn't even inside yet!
interior is also wonderful as well. very clean, spacious looking (mostly white interior). and the best part? stools!
staff is friendly and quick with orders.
well priced and you get your money's worth.
will be coming back many times more!Broooo I've only been to three chipotles; one in Bensalem, one in University City and now this one. It's been a year since the last time I've had chipotle so I was like why not. But they are NOT generous with their portions here. The bowls I always gets are always overflowing---the best thing about chipotle! But man here they do not give you the right portions. The guy literally put one scoop of rice and one scoop beans and THREE SCOOPS OF SOUR CREAM in which my rice and beans were swimming in. Honestly though at least give enough rice and beans???? That the whole core of the bowl!!!!! Idk I was super disappointed in this location and honestly it wasn't very clean in there and I got a side of guacamole and it was sort of brownish. Chipotle has disappointed me for once. Sad.I love that the food is locally sourced and fresh, and you can really taste it. The burrito bowl is hands down my favorite item to get here with brown rice, a ton of veggies, chicken, black beans, salsa, tomatoes and cheese. I have loved the service I have gotten here.I'm not a fan of Mexican food so I had never heard of Chipotle, but the guy I was on a date with said he wanted a burrito and it had to be Chipotle. So, we drove into center city (it took about 40 minutes) and found Chipotle. The guy behind the counter did a great job helping me decide what to put in my bowl. It was really good, I was pleasantly surprised. Another employee came by while cleaning up and asked how we were doing. she chatted for a few minutes - very nice.
 I highly recommend the stopI work equidistant from two Chipotles and had originally only gone to the other one, which always had a mammoth line. I tried this Chipotle on a whim one day and was promptly swept into a whirlwind of efficiency.
I walked in to a half-full seating area and a line of about five people (the prep counter is all the way at the back of the narrow space). I mentally prepared for a wait, but I was immediately engaged by an exuberant employee, who cheerfully asked what I wanted. I uttered a response, and no sooner were the words out of my mouth was the next station's employee asking me for the rest of the particulars. This service continued down the line so fast that I almost couldn't keep up, and I think it only took me a cool 45 seconds to order, receive my food, and pay. My head was spinning as I grabbed some napkins and left.
The food is typical Chipotle quality--yummy, environmentally-conscious meats, three choices of salsa, and delicious guacamole. No complaints there!
Further trips by me and others confirm that this is indeed the fastest Chipotle on Earth.i cant remember what life was like before i knew the downright delicious drops of heaven commonly known as chipotle burritos.
sometimes i order ahead via iphone chipotle app. sometimes i dont. it just hits the spot after a long day at work when i dont want to cook and pizza isnt on my tummy's radar. so thanks for never judging me when i come here too often.I love me some Chipotle....but I'm done with this location.  And it's all customer service related.  It was not crowded - there was one person in front of me and two behind me.  The counter guy talkedsofreakinfast about what I wanted on my burrito that I had to say "Uh, sorry - can you repeat that?" several times.  For the 2nd time in a row, I came back with a broken burrito.  I should have watched him more closely.  That's just sloppy service, especially when it wasn't peak time.  If you are so eager to rush me out the door, maybe it's not worth it to step through the door in the first place.  No thanks!It's Chipotle, the food and atmosphere is the same as every one I've ever been to. It's clean like most Chipotles. I only come here when I have a random craving for Chipotle, or when my friends convince me we should all get together here because it's cheap. 
One time they gave me a hard time about my "homemade" Halloween costume for a cheaper burrito, but they still gave me the deal, so that's neat.
There's nothing great or bad about it. As per usual, I just love the chips from here for some reason. It's just a Chipotle. Guac is still extra.One of the nicest chipotle restaurants I have ever went to . Everything was clean and good portions .AWFUL!!!!!! Came in today with my bf we just came from the Phillies game, 13$ for a burrito and drink (it's a fast food place) the food was terrible and my bf was vomiting shortly after. The cashier/girl with the tattoos on her arm was beyond pushy I said I wasnt hungry and was watching calories, she then went on to describe in detail what I should order. No thanks I'll stick to Qdoba if I want cheap (mexican) fast food or El fuego.As a former Maryland resident I was excited to see a Chipotle appear near my office, and the staff at this location is phenomenal.  Service is always fast and friendly, and if you're a once-a-week-or-more regular with the web orders, as I am, quite quickly they recognize you and have your bag ready to hand over when you get to the counter.  Qdoba is closer to my work, but I've not darkened their door since this Chipotle opened.Probably the best Chipotle I've been to in my area. For being the only chain that has a place in my heart, I haven't found a chipotle that doesn't have some sort of issue. This location is great. The staff is prompt and courteous, they listen to exactly what you want, and they're organized! Food is always stocked and warm. Gasp! I know it seems ridiculous to hear, but I have had some horrible experiences at other Chipotles. Other locations I've reviewed could really use some pointers from these guys! 
Only flaw is how tight of a space it is. I never sit down to eat there. Weird seating plan.It made both me and my fiance sick last night.  I got the vegetarian sofritos bowl and he got the chicken bowl.Upon the urging of daughter, we went to Chipotle this evening.  While I love their burritos,  this was the first time that I had the displeasure of eating a steak burrito that I did not like.  Five pieces of steak were mostly fat. I understand that the fat gives the steak most flavor,  but I'm sure that my burrito would have tasted better if the pieces of steak had been leaner. I still like Chipotle,  but I'll probably consider having something other than a steak burrito.My boyfriend ate here over the weekend right before his night shift and had to leave early (i.e., lost wages) as he had explosive diarrhea and vomiting. He vomited all night and had chills, dizzyness, headache, and body aches. He's still recovering. I called the manager but he said that "no one else reported anything", and clearly didn't care.  Don't risk it, eat someplace that doesn't have a long history of poisoning people!Now, let's keep in mind I'm comparing the Chipotles here in Philly to my  fair, fun and beloved state of California. 
Pros: 
-consistently great taste of the food. Steak or chicken, the meats are delicious. The veggies and dressings are fresh too. 
-the tables are clean and even though this place is always busy, you can always snag a table. 
-another thing, the packaging of the product is cute! Aesthetics are important too you know! A nice, decorated recycled brown bag for the food is cute :)Seriously, when I die, I want to go to a Chipotle. This one may be preferred as I can people watch while over indulging on decent Mexican. I have never had a bad meal from Chipotle. Add the Chipotle special dressing to anything you order for flavor explosion happiness. 
Ps- Chipolte beats Quodoba. Everyday.Chipotle is perfectly A-OK for what it is: a large serving of above average fast food for a low price.
With the selections of entirely customizable burritos, burrito bowls, tacos and salads, your meal can be as healthy or as unhealthy as you choose.  Carne asada burrito with double meat, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, please-hold-the-veggies anyone?
This location gets away with inefficient, though friendly, service because they are in a great spot for foot traffic with few similar options nearby.  I highly recommend ordering ahead online to save time.  You need to be a little bit aggressive when bypassing the line to pay and pick-up (or you will likely be ignored), but you can usually be on your way with your ample amounts of tasty, fake Mexican food within minutes.  Note that their different levels of "hot" do not include anything that my palate actually registers as spicy.
If you are dining in, this Chipotle has unexpectedly nice seating for a fast food restaurant both indoors and out.  There is a lot of car and bus traffic if you sit outside, but the stellar people watching opportunities usually make up for it.I'm really disappointed that I have to write this review. I've always been a big fan of Chipotle especially because of the quality of their food. I don't know if it's because this a new location and they haven't gotten all the crew fully trained but my food was terrible today-and most of my friends who I have spoken to who have eaten these last few times also complained of the quality. The first two weeks from their opening they were awesome! (But I heard they were using staff from other locations)-now it's a completely new staff-and it's reflecting in their food. My tortillas weren't cooked all the way, the ratio guacamole to meat was off, and in general the food didn't taste  as fresh and hot as I know it to be. My bean also seemed a little under seasoned..I hope that over time while the new staff gets trained more and gains a little more experience it will be the Chipotle once again!Let me start this review by saying; I actually really like Chipotle food and what the company stands for.  That being said, this location has some of the douchiest employee I've ever experienced in a fast food, quick service, etc restaurant.  I understand that restaurants, just like all businesses, run out of items and thats not what upset me about my recent trip to Chipotle.  I went to the restaurant at 8:45pm on a friday, over an hour before closing, and walked up to order.  The staff was cleaning while is an awesome thing, but they turned around and huffed that they had to stop.  No acknowledgement that I was there and they walked away, and came back and with a pissed off attitude asked me what I wanted.  They actually didn't have what I wanted, so I left.  But I have to say, I don't think I'll be going back.  Chipotle has good food but to be blunt is overpriced to start with and adding the attitude doesn't really make me want to go back again.I get mexican at least once a week and this is my go to place. Close to home and its clean here - the first thing I look at when I'm going to a restaurant. This place gets busy and I try to go off peak times. This place is managed well and if something is off they understand and fix the issues.I end up at this location for lunch quite often since I work in Center City. My experiences have been mixed. They get a ton of traffic and the speed of service never suffers. Things that do occasionally suffer: food quality, consistency in portion sizes, employee friendliness and accuracy in ringing up your order.Like other Chipotles, Standard delicious burritos! This place is unique in its nice layout, all around windows, and nice location. It has tables that are good for big groups or those eating alone to sit at the bar next to the floor to ceiling windows.I love Mexican and this is great for a quickie!
Love the salty, limey chips, burritos, and the tacos! 
This is our go to when we want dinner fast and very satisfying!
Yum!Excellent food, nice staff, good facility. But the music is so loud, it seems designed to drive customers away.So me and the wifey went here the morning after a long night of drinking.... 
 2 problems.
1. They ran out of both chicken and white rice
2. They require a code for the bathroom so when I had to throw up from the raging hangover... well lets just say the burrito is very good on a empty stomachThe food was great but the portions were very little I asked for steak they only put like 4 steak pieces it was literally the smallest burrito I ever got in my life and I am not going there againDont get me wrong, I love chipotle. But this location is awful. The only possible way a person could have a good experience here is if you are friends with one of the workers because they will pack their friends burritos full and leave real paying customers with nothing. The quality of food there is also terrible, they dont make guac properly and chipotle is the best guac. I just moved into the city and im still looking for a decent chipotle.I hate that this is the only Chipotle close to me. The fajitas are ALWAYS burnt or not ready. I literally spend the first five minutes picking burnt pieces out of my food. They also forget to add ingredients. At least three times they've forgotten to add guacamole to my order and I'm a vegetarian, so it's really not a complicated order. The staff aren't friendly either. The whole experience simply doesn't warrant the ridiculous prices for the food.Great food (I love chipotles) but the service here wasn't the friendliest. Points still something. They forgot lettuce in my order so they gave me a bowl of lettuce when I went back and asked for it, that was great!Always quick and easy. Only problem is the hours of operation!I love chipotle so this review is about the service. Let's just say I have never walked into Chipotle and had the workers roll their eyes at me (cashier in particular). I get it, you're tired and you want to go home, but all I want is a steak bowl. You made me feel like an evil person for wanting one at 9:50pm lmao.Most disgusting take out I've gotten from Chipotle. I ordered through Postmates and the delivery came very quickly. However, the bag was leaking, and the whole bottom of the burrito bowl container was SOAKED. The Chipotle employee obviously didn't drain the beans before placing them in the bowl.. My food was swimming in bean liquid and most likely barbacoa liquid as well. I get it, it's a fast food joint, I shouldn't expect much. But this is RIDICULOUS. I honestly love Chipotle so much, but this location sucks so much. The staff is usually rude when I dine in and they put ZERO effort into food quality.Horrible - "large", no "huge" order for party.. Failed miserably at each and every opportunity. Run do not walk if needing anything more than a burrito or two? "Service" was absent.... These people were the Definition of indifference.... 
Not nearly the amount of food promised, needed or PAID FOR!!
Did not have key ingredients (how does this business run out of "hard shell tacos" for an order placed WEEKS prior) train wreck!!
I failed my guests through Chipolte failing me.... Errr!! So frustrated!!! 
Stay clear for parties or roll the dice and prepare to be disappointed.The staff was friendly. The store was pretty clean. The food was decent although the fajita vegetables seems over cooked and the lettuce a bit wilted otherwise a good experience at this city location.Always running out of food. SUPER SLOW! Horrible service. Have walked out 2 times as a result. I'll take my money elsewhere.I went here for the first time for lunch and loved it. I ordered the salad with brown rice, pinto beans, chicken, salsa and guac...so delicious! The seating is adorable too.A previous reviewer said they are heavy scoopers here - and they weren't wrong! I've been to many Chipotle's, but here's one where I feel like the amount of food that got in my goal was actually worth the price. I found the steak a bit spicier than other Chiptoles, so I probably wouldn't get steak there again, but hey, it also could have just been the day I went.The workers at this location are always rushing you and they all seem miserable. They always run out of stuff and never have anything prepared. They won't make more and ask if you want to wait if it gets late, it's just "no we're out move on". I love chipotle but this location is horrible.Yummy burritos and friendly staff always make for a pleasant experience at the 12th and Walnut Chipotle.  The seating area by the big window facing 12th Street is also great for people-watching, but if you don't have the time to sit and eat, they're more than happy to prepare your meal to go.  This location is also convenient to a number of the neighborhood bars so you can grab a bite amidst your bar-hopping, should you be craving Mexican!I enjoyed this chipotle as I do any other.  This one did not particularly stick out in my mind as far as the food goes because they offered the same choices for food as the others.  The place itself was very cramped and a little uncomfortable standing in line because the tables were right next to you so you almost felt like you were hovering over their food which I did not like feeling like that and I am more then sure they did not appreciate it as well.  The line was long when I got here but, they were on the faster side of some chiopotles they were really churning and burning to get the line moving which is always a plus.  The staff was friendly and efficient because not only were they going very quick they were getting everyone's orders right.Never been here .. Food was great! Something different from the everyday items you find when you are out and enjoying the dayService was fast. The workers aren't friendly won't say rude but could greet customers better. I had the burrito bowl with brown rice chicken. Rice a little under cookedSweet Jeebus...what is the longest you have waited for a burrito bowl (if you total the time from "I'll have a burrito bowl" to payment).  I'm going to guess on average it's 1.5 minutes to 2 minutes.  Well these doofuses took 10 minutes.  Not because they were understaffed, but because the employees were clowning around and straight up watching me and three other people wait.  On top of the bunk ass service they were out of everything, gave meager ass portions and were rude as all hell. Pimps were mad that we were getting food an hour before they close.  Made friends with the guy in front of me in line and we agreed it was the worst chipotle we have ever been to, and I travel everywhere for work... So I've seen some embarrassing chipotles.  The guy left super deep about the experience and I told him the only thing we can do is Yelp about it to warn other future disappointed customers.  It gets 2 stars because the food was standard.  Everyone please write your congressman or local councilman about my experience. We can take this to city hall ppl!It's 2:30 pm, not closing time. Out of brown rice and ice tea. Also out of one other item they announced that I can't remember. This isn't a start up, it's a chain. Shouldn't they have this figured out? I saw this in other reviews as well. Hmmm. Also had to wait for the cashier who was then in a hurry.When you are very very hungry, just go to this place!!!! Good people nice smiles and awesome food!!! Always love it here.I love the food here and was in today around 3:30pm, but I refuse to give money to a place that has an attitude when I walk in. I'm sorry I am ordering food when it is 3:30pm, but that is when I get my break. I come in to 3 workers sitting in the corner chatting with their friends. I'm standing in line, by myself for 3 minutes before I am acknowledged.  The lady who made my food was the only one doing anything. She was running around filling up the station, and cleaning. She is a keeper. Smiles and takes my order, before she is even finished closing the lid, and I thank her, the rudest cashier interrupts and asks If I want a drink, and glares at me because I didn't respond right away. I was thanking the hard working employee who just did all the work on my meal! I swear, the lady who is cashier either hates her life, or people. She should not be working as the cashier. Furthermore, she needs to know that it is extremely rude to ask me to move as I'm filling up my bag with napkins and utensils so that she can put more napkins. You wait until I am finished! I gave this place a second try today, but it was the same rude skinny girl as cashier. I work around the corner, I will not be back for a long while. People, go to Cosi! They actually like people, and are nice!This Chipotle is not good. Every time I go it's really messy and all the staff seem newly hired so they don't know what they are doing. This time, they told me they were out of cheese! A burrito shop, and they're out of cheese! How is that even possible?!? You had *one* job, Chipotle.I been to this Chipotle at 1200 Walnut a couple times. I gave up eating fast food a few years ago but tried Chipotle. Now the reason why I gave up fast food is because of the factory farm system but I walk into Chipotle and they actually talk about humanly raised animals and all right on their big menu board as you can see. So while all the other fast foods hide the food industry, Chipotle actually talks about it so I think their honest or they wouldn't just put up the food industry secrets right in front for everyone to see. I also like the fact their website labels GMO's which also something no other fast food does. so I can choose what I want to eat if I don't want GMO's. I like the food. It taste very good and the price is reasonable for restaurant food. You can get Burritos, tacos, with beef, pork, chicken or no meat. they also have chips and guac. 
It's fast just as any fast food. You go to the line and they prepare it the way you want. The restaurant is usually busy being in center city Philly. But chipotle seems more busier then the other fast foods on walnut street. but the dining and fancy restaurants is also busy. Despite it being busy, there is usually always a spot to sit. The place is very clean and have windows every where and looks very nice. 
So while Chipotle is not perfect, but in this nation of poor fast food restaurants which I would rate a 1 to everyone of them, Ill eat Chipotle maybe once or twice a year.My husband and I like to go to this particular Chipotle because they fill the burrito bowls more than their other location on 15 and Walnut.As a student, chipotle is a perfect place to eat good without spending a lot of money. Most of the time I would order the burrito bowl and it would fill me for hours until I am hungry. A chicken burrito bowl without drinks or chips is only around 7 dollar which is very student friendly. Plus the food is always fresh, it is not fast food restaurant where you are not sure if the meat you are eating are processed meat or real meat. Chipotle keep it real and prepare the food in front of you! 
The staff on this location is really nice and friendly. The seating arrangement is well-thought-out. Highly recommended for people that don't want to spend a lot of money but want amazing Mexican food.No Chipotles are made alike! I must say after two times coming here for a pick up of a burrito bowl; it has been less impressive and my expectations have not been even acknowledge. During my online, it updated my pick up for a later time, which I am fine. I got there at exactly the same time as the pick up time but I did not get acknowledged or greeted as I waited by the pick up area/cash register.
What was odd to me, besides the poor service, was that people who came and ordered got served before me. Basically, if I waited in line and ordered, I would have received my food sooner than ordering online. 
Overall, don't blame the Chipotle brand just the peeps working here. I have given a few weeks since the second incident, so I am not still hyped from the incident but nothing has changed. Still feel this location sucks. Luckily I can find another location.I love Chipotle!!! It's the McDonalds of mexican food, but a lot more edible. I mean...by a lot. This one is pretty close to my office, so I come here from time to time. I've been here both during peak and off-peak times and the service is fairly consistent. Fast and delicious. I do have to take a star away because my office did a mass order a few months ago and the order was all out of whack. Despite the mishap, I would still spend my money here.I've only been here during the lunch rush so that may color my review.
This place reminds me a lot of NYC - you better know what you want when you get in line - think the soup Nazi - otherwise you will get a Philly attytude. 
The portions are an acceptable size - just right for lunch. The service is quick though the help at times seems disorganized. The last few times I have had lunch here I ordered and paid online ahead of time (at least an hour) and half the time my order was not ready when I arrived, and once I was ten minutes late.
Overall, I like the place since it is close to the office but the staff could use a shaking up as another yelper mentioned.Wish I had read reviews for this Chipotle before ordering.  I ordered online for pick up for my hubby and myself after a long day.  Chipotle needs to change their standards for salads to include more lettuce. Don't get me wrong I like all the ingredients but the primary ingredient should be lettuce.  Also, my salad had just a few bites of chicken. Maybe they were being stingy because I picked up at 9:30pm and they were running out for the night or they really want you to pay for extra meat, but I could hardly even tell there was any.   The staff was really friendly which is the only reason that I have 2 stars and not 1.I'll admit it.  I'm shamelessly addicted to Chipotle burrito bowls.  The ingredients are fresh, and I have no idea what they marinate their chicken in or what secret ingredient they use in their guac, but there's just no recreating it at home.  
I will agree with the general sentiment that the line is always long, but it moves pretty quickly.  Also, don't bother with the online ordering at this location.  Almost a half dozen times (...should I be ashamed that I have THAT much experience with this?) I've arrived and my order hasn't been ready.  I've gotten every reason in the book: "online ordering is down", "the receipt didn't print", "we were waiting until you arrived so we could make it fresh"... I could go on.  Just wait in the line.Maybe it's just because it's shiny and new, but I love this Chipotle. To be fair, I love all Chipotles, but this one tops them all for convenience to my apartment. The staff is friendly and generous with the barbacoa, which is always a bonus! I like the seating arrangement as well, with the long tables instead of smaller individual ones. I guess they had to do that since the location is rather small, but it really works. Very homey feeling.I absolutely love Chipotle even with all the food scares. I always get the Barbacoa, which is kind of like pulled beef with delicious seasoning. This place is usually good, although some times the service is a little slow. The staff is typically friendly though.Although everything is oversalted, this chipotle is my go-to place to get a guacamole salad.  The staff is strong and the place is clean.  ... And the music isn't horrible.The staff is slow and you often have to repeat several times what you want. They give the skimpiest servings out of any chipotle I have ever visited and will charge you extra for what should be the full amount. They're always out of an ingredient and you'll be waiting 10 or more minutes for the Ingredient to come out. Save your money and walk a few extra blocks to 15th and walnut or liberty place.I wasn't too impressed with this chipotle. The burrito bowl was skimpy. They had a near empty peppers and onions container and tofu so they gave me the scraps that were left and no more. The guy in line after didnt get any peppers or onions  in his bowl. I should have listened to the other reviews.Love this place I'm happy and full every time I heve my reg which is salad (love their home made salad dressing) salad with brown rice, Pico, corn, sour cream, cheese and more lettuce love it consistent and never fail meWe are Chipotle regulars and were happy there was one just a few blocks from where we were staying for the weekend. We got there about 20 minutes prior to closing and they didn't have rice. I understand running out of something, but shouldn't you make more or offer to do so for waiting customers? No mention of rice even happened which was strange. The place had some cleanliness issues happening and the utensil area appeared to have been neglected for a bit and could have used some restocking. The line also didn't run as smoothly as most Chipotles. Everything just seemed off. On a positive note...the mild salsa was really good.Like any other Chipotle, this location has great food.  However, the customer service has been consistently poor.  Today was a culmination of everything  wrong with the service.  There were two employees at the line with one customer in front of me. One employee stopped making the customer's order to make instead make two online orders. My order was taken and a child's portion of beans and rice was haphazardly  thrown in the bowl; I asked for more.  All other ingredients asked for were thrown into the bowl in an Pollackian fashion. While this was going on, one employee in the front was rightfully asking other employees for help on the line; I saw three, only one who seemed to be putting any effort into what they were doing. The others appeared to be annoyed by the inconvenience  of being asked.  
Tl;Dr :  Great food, but don't inconvenience those empoyees who don't want to be there.I must say I was happy to bump into this spot when I was in town.
Guacamole and chips are so good here and so are the salad bowls =)  
Good spot to stop into for a quick bite to eat 
=0)The food here is awesome but this is the second Chipotle I've had to change a baby on the floor. 
Why you have no changing tables?Seriously what is the point of this place!? I understand restaurants run out of food but week after week? This is either lazy employees who aren't making food and should lose their jobs or bad management; either way it's just unacceptable. Not to mention the trash that works in this store.I had a gift card that I attempted to use at this location. There is $20 on the card as confirmed by corporate. I was told that the card was not being read. I asked that the number on the back of the card be entered, instead of the card being swiped. I was told that that is not possible, and that another form of payment was required. 
I made a special trip to use the card and was disappointed to have to pay in cash, for a meal that I otherwise likely wouldn't have sought out.I love Chipotle. It's filthy fast food and it's my guilty pleasure. I like the set up of this store more than the one in rittenhouse. Service is usually always fast and friendly, but it can really vary.No chicken on my chicken burrito bowl and no containers of cheese or salsa in my daughter's kids meal like I requested. I understand mistakes happen, but reviewing bc of employees insistence that she included those things when I asked, when she did not. She was way more concerned about getting me out of line. Two stars bc the cashier was sweet.I'm an odd vegetarian in that I don't really like sandwiches made up of just veggies, ditto for burritos (though if you're ever in Boston, The Purple Cactus does a great New England version). When Chipotle announced they were coming out with the tofu based Sofritas I was excited and a little skeptical. So often tofu based burritos contain large chunks of chewy flavorless tofu. Chipotle did a decent job. Sofritas are marinated in a spicy sauce, and instead of chinks of tofu, it's more like ground beef.  As a large corporation that brands itself on ethical practices in farming and animal care, it would be nice if they extended said practices to the humans who work there and paid them a living wage.the worst place to eat really bad bad food bad .. I ordered the food to go and at the time of eating I found a hair and a real plastic was disgusting. I do not recommend itChipotle is my favorite "fast food" place as it's actually healthy (minus the sodium) and cheap. I always get the Steak brown rice bowl. Like other reviewers have pointed out, this location does tend to give you bigger servings than average so that's a plus for value. 
This location is next to the 12th St Gym, so you can expect to see a lot of good looking fit customers grabbing a bite after their workout. Good for people-watching if you're into that ;)Not bad. I absolutely love chiptole don't get me wrong but I don't know if it because it's in center city and I normally get it in the northeast but their portions were sooooo small.  I got barely any steak in my burrito and it was so tiny compared to my regular.  It was still pretty good.  This one's very crowded but I'm probably just not use to the lunch rush in the city lolVery rarely do I have poor service AND a poor meal, but this established accomplished both. Now let me start this by saying that I have Chipotle at 2 other locations which were actually really good. This place, however, needs some serious changes. First off, the people working there have no sense of customer service. They are rude, inconsiderate, and just sit behind the counter talking to each other instead of interacting with their guests (especially the tall black guy with earrings, if I took over this place he would be the first one I'd fire). Second, the food was just plain terrible. My steak was cold and the chicken my girlfriend got was burnt but also served cold. There are plenty of other fine options in the area so avoid this place at all costs!Likely you've never heard of Chipotle, so thankfully I'm here to review it for you. Solid and quick food. Honestly I just wanted to review it because I am giving everything 5 stars and really wanted to give a place 4 stars and Chipotle seemed like the perfect choice for that.
It's about 50-50 everytime I go whether they charge me for a 3-pointer or not. Sometimes I engage with the cashiers about it and try to get the 3-pointer rate, but honestly I think it's not supposed to be a 3-pointer so I don't bother anymore. Instead I just hope to get lucky.After visiting this chipotle I can understand why they've been making so many people so sick across the country
This is the third chipotle that I've eaten at in as many weeks
this one is dirty the staff at rather untrained they talked internally rather than serving customers 
and I could not believe that they did not have lettuce a five minute wait to get lettuce with a burrito bowl
I would walk down the street and eat anywhere but hereDo not order your food online for pick-up here!!! We had a group of 6, placed an order for pick up, arrived at the location for the appropriate time listed on the verification email and continued to wait 30mins+ for our order! It was a massive waste of time- especially for a 1 hour allotted lunch break. Also when I finally got my order & went to eat it- it was wrong... Such a disappointment. Will never order lunch here again.I'd rather have potbelly...
But oh well yet another chipotle. I mean some days I'll be in the mood for it I guess, it's a little better than qdoba, but less options, but it's further away...
So hard to make a decision between the two.
Burritos are alright, I mean what do you expect from a fast food joint with the typical "mexican" ingredients in little containers being plopped down on a tortilla.
The barbacoa is a nice thought, but it's really not that flavorful.The veggie burrito bowls are phenom! I usually go here because of the relatively little wait time. The staff actually pay attention to what I want rather than mess up the order as has been my past experience in the other Chipotle Restaurants in Philly. A must-eat place in the city!i love chipotle and this location is very small. i kinda like it because at the times i go, it isnt very crowded. the food was great as always, but the customer service is something that has to be worked on for some employees. the music was too loud in there, so the employee and i had to scream at each other to make my order. the person running the register seemed like she just wanted to go home, she kinda gave me that mcdonalds employee customer service. besides the customer service for a few people, the location is great!Worst chipotle I've ever been to. Stick to the one at 15th. I've been here multiple times, and have never been satisfied with the food nor the service. Bland meat, dry rice, and they dont even have the courtesy to strain my mild salsa, so I end up with a puddle of tomato juice at the bottom of my bowl. Just terrible. I will never come back to this location.My son loves this place so I am happy- But this place is always busy- there is no communication between staff. There is always one person working the meat, salads and register on their own. All the while they are calling out over their shoulder for assistance. expect at 25-30 min wait online. I only wait again, my son loves this place. 
dont expect a thank you.I know, I know. The pork problem. Blah Blah Blah. I don't care- I like Chipotle. Its a quick and convenient lunch option close to my office. Sure, sometimes the line is long, but the staff moves it pretty quickly. The flavor of the food is consistent and that's what I look for in a chain restaurant like this. 4 stars for being convenient, relatively quick, delicious, and predictable.The best chipotle in the city!! A sweet staff that is attentive and willing to make customers' lives easier and better. I accidentally ordered on the app from the wrong store. When I arrived the manager told me he would honor my order so I didn't have to walk again in the rain. He even called the other store to let them know I wouldn't be coming in and that they would be handling my order. So nice!I walked in here around 5:00pm maybe. I haven't eaten at chipotle in awhile so had the urge to have a steak burrito. I've never been to this specific location but it's the closest to where I reside so it was an easy decision. I drove her and parking was easy (probably just luck or it was a Sunday). 
I walked in and their were about five others sitting around eating and conversing with one another. I walked up and the gentlemen asked what I would like. I told him and he prepared my request, the second lady on the line wasn't so nice. She seemed short with me and wasn't professional at all. I asked for more corn and she just put it on there. I felt like I was troubling her. I know it's just chipotle but she clearly has an attitude.
She should leave it at the door when she walks into work. She's getting paid to be there so theirs no excuse for it. I said thank you and I didn't get any response from her which I thought was rude. The third lady that cashed me out was nice so overall it was ok. Maybe she was having a bad day or something but she wasn't professional and just think she should have common curtesy when she's working and getting paid.
The burrito was good and can't complain about that. I usually don't go on about a specific employee at a establishment but felt it was necessary. She was rude and not professional. The place was clean but when I went into the bathroom and wanted to wash my hands their was no soap in the dispenser. 
I will go back there for sure and hope that employee is in better spirits. I gave it 3 stars this place because of the lack of customer service from her and no soap in the dispenser, the place wasn't full so don't see why one of them couldn't refill it.We were running a couple errands around here and decided to pop in to grab a quick dinner on our way home.
It was a pretty normal Chipotle.  I felt like the line moved slower than at our normal Chipotle, but it wasn't long before we were out with our burritos.
Other than the slightly slower line, everything was just what I'd expect and our burritos were just as delicious and fresh as always.Edible fast food but there's always a bit of drama when I ask for sliced jalepanos on the side. Last time they emerged from the cooler with 2 whole peppers and handed them over. I sliced one with a plastic knife and brought the other home with me.As far as the food goes, its great!!!! everything i ever had was tasty and a nice large portion (enough to save some for a later snack) and the location and atmosphere are very nice. Most of the staff was friendly and polite but not all.Used to love this place - would order and pickup lunch for the whole office and it was great. Easy online orders, always ready on time. Now I've been three times in a row an waited OVER half an hour each time. 
Nobody says sorry or offers any consolation. The staff is rude and doesn't keep me updated as to why they're SO late.  Very disappointing, was hoping they'd treat large pickup orders with more respect. 
Guess it's time to move our company's business to Qdoba.This chipotle location just might be my favorite! The staff is always friendly and patient with their customers and greets you when they see you. Service is quick like it should be. I ordered the bowl (I always order a bowl) but this time, there wasn't as much rice as I remembered. I was kind of disappointed, but it was still a great meal!In my opinion there are two types of chipotle employees: the ones who scoop deep, and the ones who are dead to me. Haha fortunately they are not skimpers over here!!
I'm a shameless chipotle addict, similar to many others I'm sure. Luckily for my mid-section, my new apartment is a little more of a hike from here. The line is always pretty long, being smack dab in the middle of bustling midtown village, but this location is just as, if not more, efficient and I'm never in line more than 5 mins, even if the line is all the way around the place. 
I just can't stay away, so I'm happy to say this is a clean, happy, quick location with plentiful seating where I can fill all of my greatest chipotle desires!Don't ask for a quesadilla. For starters, they do not know how to make them. My friend and I just stopped in since she wanted to try the new location. She ordered a chicken and cheese quesadilla, and the cheese was not melted at all, nor was it cut into triangles like at most other places. Just one big flat, unmelted tortilla with chicken and cheese. The gentleman who made the quesadilla also was noticeably annoyed that she had the nerve to ask if they make them. They could have told her no, and then she would have gotten a burrito, but instead they huffed and puffed and made her a bad quesadilla. When she got to the register she asked for a side of salsa, and got this response "We could give you salsa, but then we would have to charge you for a burrito". The manager then explained to my friend, in detail, that she could buy the salsa, but since they operate on a "point" system, they would need to charge her for a burrito instead of a quesadilla, should she get salsa. Since she was not getting rice, or beans, or corn, or sour cream with her meal, like she would have with a burrito, she might have considered this, but she declined. Chipolte has fantastic chicken (on this quesadilla in fact- it was awesome), incredible quacamole, and they can make a mean burrito. So in short, go here for a burrito, but don't try to branch out too much.Great place, but I took a star away for inconsistency.  Sometimes they give a good amount for your money with the burrito bowl, other times they barely fill it.  Also, they run out of ingredients often.Terrible service and low quality ingredients! This establishment would receive better reviews if they employed capable workers. Chipotles in the suburbs are far superior! Not coming back!!!Pretty solid, standard chipotle. I've always found the line moves, they are rarely out of ingredients and the service is friendly.Went yesterday asked for a salad, the girl came back with a pan with a small amount of wilted lettuce. I asked if they had anymore she said it was out. I said to her chipotle out of lettuce ?!?!!! This was because of her ignorant who cares attitude. Miraculously when I barked back at her ( giving her what she fished out to me) there appeared a fresh full pan ! Amazing if these people don't want to work and want to bring thier streety attitude to the workplace, maybe they shouldn't have a job there. I'm sure there would be someone that would gladly take the job. Not good food service knowledge !!!
Btw was in there at 4pm July 16,2018. The girl I'm talking about was first in line asking what I wanted. I'm sure chipotle can narrow down who this ignorant employee was and rectify this problem .Heard a lot about Chipotle, decided to try out their steak tacos and wasn't impressed. The meat was tough, fatty, and too spicy. Taco Bell is a lot better than this place.Horrible service. Very very very slow. Staff need to be trained to be efficient and fast. In general the concept of Chipotle is fast serving and to go, but this one has failed at all levels. 
Have to stand in line for 30 minutes anytime of the day you come to this place. I have been to this place 4 times and its always the same.  Who would like to stand for 30 minutes to get their food. It's very disrespect-able to the customers .Always have a good meal here. I've talk to a few employees and they really care about food safety. For fast food it's great. A little pricey but for the quality of the food you get it is worth it.My husband likes this place and that's the only reason I eat here. It is completely overpriced!!! $24 freaking dollars for 2 burritos and 2 small sodas. That's ridiculous!!!! My chicken burrito had a piece of bone in it that I almost chipped my tooth and chocked on. I can and have made better burritos in my own kitchen. They need to turn the music down. They have the music so loud you can barely hear the girls when they ask you questions. I do not go here willingly nor do I recommend it. The only positive thing I can say is that their portions are generous. I'd rather go next door to Popeyes. It would be a hell of a lot cheaper and I'd be more satisfied.Years of silent prayers to the Chipotle gods have been answered.
There's finally a store in Northeast Philly! And apparently I'm not the only one with an undying love affair with Chipotle. There's literally a line to the door all day and every day since their grand opening. Service has been a tad slower than I'd want but it's expected from a new place. But the employees have been very respectful and friendly.
You cannot go wrong with anything you order here. I usually alternate between a burrito or a rice bowl depending if I have extra calories to spare that day. The food here is worth the wait evident by the hordes of people going in and out here daily.
Tip- Download the Chipotle app and order your food in advance to avoid the lines! =)Went here today to try it out for the first time looking for something healthy to eat. I was angry standing in line and the girl skipped over me and went to someone else for their order. I moved up in line and was told i need to order first before going to the register i said i know she skipped over us and didnt take our order. 
So i waited a minute then a nice gentleman that works there apologized and took my order that made me a little happier. I ordered a bowl with steak lettuce pinto beans and brown rice food was edible but not worth the price sad to say every bite of the steak was chewy and fatty. Very disappointed and will not return to this place in the future. Not worth it.Friendly staff but since this location opening I've been there so far a total of 4 times and they are always OUT OF SOMETHING and the wait for the missing item is always 1/2 hour to 45 minutes. I've even been there at opening (EXACTLY 11am) and there was no tomatoes and the pork still had to be cut up, as well as other items that still needed to be brought up to the line. It's very much a disappointment and inconvenience when these things are happening frequently. I've always gone to the chipotle by Neshaminey Mall and that location has been there for A WHILE and NOT ONCE have I ever been told they are out of something or that I have to wait for something. I'm from the northeast and thought this chipotle opening up was great and would be more convenient since its closer but I'd much rather make the drive to the other one knowing ill get what I originally wanted and came for.. Not sure what's going on with management and operation at the Cottman ave location but you need to get it together.The food is the same quality as any Chipotle but the staff needs to be retrained. I've been to this location a few times and it's the same issues, every visit. A 30 minute wait because the food line seems to be confused and/or chatting - or maybe they just don't care about customer service.Worst chipotle experience I've ever had. Lettuce was brown, meat was cold, no fried vegetables, no eating utensils, coke was dispensing water and the chips were unsalted with no salt available to add it myself.it's open!!!!!
Was craving chipotle before the snow got too bad but didn't feel like driving. Something told me to call, no answer (would've given 5 stars if they answered). Then went to the app and it seemed like I could order online (which I couldn't do before) so I thought hmmmmm maybe I'll check Yelp! 
That's when I noticed they closed in 15min so I sped over. Clean, courteous, and fast! Didn't hurt that the ladies on the line were very attractive!
Welcome to the NE ChipotleChipotle is amazing. Fresh food, large portions, and great fast service. The chicken burrito bowl is my go to. You can choose whatever you want, however you want it. The only complaint is that the sour cream portion is always too much so I've just stopped asking for it. That's only this particular location though. The prices are reasonable and everything is so flavorful. On Halloween wearing a costume gets you a free burrito!I should have turned my sister down when she said lets get Chipotle. Firstly, I have never liked their food the two times I've tried it years ago, but today was the absolute worst. I got the pulled beef or whatever that was, it was so spicy it overpowered everything else, so I can't even begin to talk about the rest of bowl. I paid for a drink but the ice machine was empty so I left the cup behind. I forgot to mention we were in the line for 45mins waiting to reach the counter. There was so much confusion with the staff they charged me someone else's meal, which by the way was wayyy cheaper then my food should have been, didn't realize until I checked my receipt in the car to make sure they didn't overcharge me.A friend and I waited in line on Monday. It was our first time and we did not really know that process, I really feel that they should have the first line server at least ask are you new to us? This way we can get our money's worth, I ordered a bowl and didn't really know what items they had that I could put in it. When I finally caught on because I listened to the person behind me I had to ask the food servers to go back with my food bowl because I was new to the concept and was unaware what I could get. Everyone was nice about it, but I feel if someone asked ahead of time I wouldn't have been a bother. The serving size was ok. Quality of the food was good. Price was a little high thou, considering the wait and portion you get.I live and work close by so I usually eat here once a week. I always order it ahead of time. I love that my typical order is saved online. You don't have to wait in line just go to the front and pay. It seems they do overcook or cook the vegetables on too high so they get over blackened at times. I'm really addicted to the dressing but watch out for the calories.Cottman Chipotle. Smaller portions than any other chipotle I've been to. Sloppy burritos. Meat I is OVERLY spicy. Slow. The food is still good but it just doesn't compare to the chipotle on 16th.Pretty Good beef bowl! I went around 8pm on a Sunday was no lines. The place was really clean and very efficient.  I will be back most definitelyhorrible. rude customer service. i told this lady to leave half of my order without certain ingredients and she didn't listen at all and hit me with a "i didn't understand what you said", walked away, and still charged me for it -- wth ??????This was in my rice bowl. The nut that's in the middle of an avocado. This shows the workers are not careful.I was not pleased with the service. The servicer was rude and slow. The nachos wasn't fresh and bowl was a small for the amount I  paid. This will be my last time at this Chipotle.Haven't been to Chipotle in a while and will not go back. Went for fast dinner and most of not all hot foods were empty and looking sad. The place was so unappetizing that I left . I have eaten at chipotle.many times in the past and had good experiences . I don't leave low ratings but this place really deserved itThe service here has definitely changed. The people are a lot more friendly and efficient. Still a bit slower than other places but the atmosphere and the attitude has upgraded. I also would like to shoutout to the girl who always makes me an a foil pepper whenever I ask for a tortilla on the side. She's friendly and welcoming despite a short encounter (which is ultimately a good thing since that means the line moves quickly.) I don't feel rush during this quick exchange of words. And if I misspoke, she will ask again or repeat in a way where I don't feel embarrassed. This chipotle team is definitely on point.Just an observation.....why would anyone w/ an ounce of common sense wait more than 10 minutes for food? I'm thinking that if you wait any longer than that for a taco or burrito, that would be your fault. Who's forcing you to stay?I never really went to chipotle because it is way too far for me, but ever since they opened it up on Cottman, I love it here! 
Service here is excellent, they are very fast and gets my order right. Employees here is very friendly. Atmosphere is good here there are plenty of seats to sit and eat with friends and family.Meat was cold, taco shell was cold, bean was cold, and even the lettuce was cold. It was my first time and my last time.  Service was good though.  But the food was to cold and it didn't taste good.  I was craving for taco and didn't want to drive to far to get real authentic taco.  Loco Pez in Fishtown is good or my to go taco truck on G street and Huntingpark ave is good. Love their tamalesThe staff is good and the food is good like that of any Chipotle.  I gave it 2 stars only because I've been here twice now and each time the line has been ridiculous.  Maybe that's a good thing bc it means people like the place but it's not worth the wait for me.The food is good. But the service is poor. Rude workers that double charge and don't even know the correct prices for what people order. They have messed up my order at least 3 times. And they don't even apologize for it( the staff). That's the part that tells me no more chipotle for which is so sad because I love the food.It's been awhile since I've been to a Chipotle but I just had to say today my bowl was prepared perfectly and the staff was so friendly and chatty! I especially have to shout out Monique! Great job to whoever is supervising this location!The steak was literally red. The food was cold. No fried vegetables and my beans didn't taste done at all. They were hard and white in the inside. I did not enjoy my food and regret buying It. Now my stomach hurts! The customer service was that great either!my first time at this location. staff is friendly but the portion was considerably less than I'm accustomed to, the flavors weren't as bold as I like and they were out carnitas. however the decor is simple, beautiful, trendy and relaxed. I still love Chipotle but I'll stick to my usual locationI am a huge Chipotle fan and have been eating here for many years, including locations across the region. I visit this location at least once a week because it is along my daily route. This store has high volume due to its location and can have long lines. I also find that they tend to run out of certain ingredients early in the evening. Despite the constant business, the service is always satisfactory. The staff are consistently friendly and efficient. I'll be eating here for a long time.Fantastic alternative to normal fast food! Absolutely the best option if you have dietary needs, the food is still just as tasty even if you are vegan, vegetarian, or gluten-free....that's not often how it is in most chain restaurants. I am quite honestly a bit addicted to the chipotle burrito bowl it's SO filling and is always delicious!!! Yes chipotle is a bit on the expensive side, but my burrito bowl always lasts for two meals so the price is definitely worth the amount you get. Plus I love that you feel like your getting fast food without having to consume all of the grease and nastiness of traditional fast food.Have been there 3 times since they've opened. The first time I went, the chips were stale. The second time, the chips were better. I always get the chicken bowl which is always good. The food is consistent and the service not bad. I got thru the line fairly quickly each time. So happy there's Chipotle in NE Philly!Chicken was burned. Chips were tougher than rocks to chew. Staff is not polite. Please avoid this place if possible!Although I know sometimes the new employees don't give you a lot in your bowl, whenever I go, the people who have been working there for a while always give me just enough! The service is great, I've never encountered someone snarky or rude. Sometimes the wait is long, but no one can really prevent that if people just keep coming in and the line only can go a certain pace, right?
My favorite location. Clean, and no issues.WHAT-A-MESS!!!! This location is fairly new. You'd think the staff would care about its upkeep. Clearly that's not the case. I went in this evening to grab some grub. Worst burrito I've ever had by the way.. Mainly because it wasn't properly made. All the meat was at one end of the burrito, while the rice and sour cream were at the other end. But that was the least of my worries. The floor by the drink machine had a HUGE spill which sat there the entire time of my visit. I dined in so I was there for at least 25 minutes. Every single eating surface (tables and counters) were covered in food people left behind. Again, not cleaned once in the time I was there. The trash can was over flowing. Full beyond its limit, spilled onto the floor, matter of fact, we had no choice but to leave our tray on the tray return with our trash still on it because there was no where else to put it!! The most annoying part of this was, two employees were on breaks, sitting and eating. I personally have never worked in the food industry, but if that were my place of employment, I would take the 5 minute cut into my break, to quick clean and sanitize the table tops and wipe up a puddle. Otherwise, you're pretty much asking for a slip and fall lawsuit.
Hope management isn't surprised when the time comes. This establishment needs to get their act together.After all the hype I finally decided and gave this particular location a try. After 30-40 minutes of wait it was no where near worthy. The food was alright, just some general stuff. The group of staff were unprofessional. All you see were a bunch of useless staffs talking and not working. I wouldn't waste my time going here unless your craving is really kicking in.First time ordering food online and after i paid for the delivery i was missing a meal. I called and guess what sure come by with your receipt and we will give you the meal. First of all i ask for a delivery cause my car is getting fix, ps i paid for the delivery meaning i can't go over there ill share my soggy ass taco with my daughters.FIND A DIFFERENT LOCATION, NOT WORTH YOUR TIME!!!!! 
Super rude staff and unhelpful. Why do you guys make it so hard for me to give you my money? I've never seen such terrible problem solving. It's not the situation it's the principal, I'm not familiar with every specific name for everything they have, I asked for the fruit punch not knowing the specific name was "pomegranate cherry" the cashier stood staring blankly at me for an extended not providing any alternative help or solution to my problem, until I had to point at the fruit punch colored juice. Is it really that hard to problem solve ??? I don't work there I don't have the products memorized. Then after I had paid for my meal. The cashier stood there expecting me to lean all the way over(to his side) of the very wide counter to collect my meal, which being pregnant, makes laying on a table pretty difficult. NEVER coming back to this location EVER.1 star to me is to generous they need zero as option!!
Before writing Review what I noticed:
I'm really not surprised at this Chain/Franchise's low reviews for more than just this 1 location after my experience. I can tell that the higher ups in their chain of command has little to NO concern about the lack of quality service that the faces of their Company offers when coming in to work. I don't fault the Product (the horrible staff) I blame the hire ups who allow them to operate in this manor. Smh
MY HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE:
I want to start by saying that I used to love Chipotle and used to go all the time about a year or two ago so I was definitely excited to go back to an old fav, but my order today is def the last time I'll waste any money at this place especially at this Cottman Ave/ Roosevelt Mall location!! 
I ordered my food via Doordash which I normally use UberEats but for some reason
Uber Eats don't pick up from Chipotle (which I def should of took that as a warning shot lol) but I wasn't to upset because I actually receive a 15% DoorDash when paying with my Cashapp card so that outweighed the UberEats dilemma.
I was busy doing a few things at home so time gets away from me and I haven't even noticed an hour has gone by with no updates from either DoorDash or Chipotle. So I go to the Doordash app and found no way no reach out to DoorDash or Chipotle in ways of providing contact numbers or DM options other than the call or message option for the Driver which makes no sense to me because all do us drive how can they tell me why my food is still not ready. As soon as I placed my order I immediately was able to track my driver's location In addition to seeing my orders prep time and eta pick up to delivery time which started off as showing about 30-40min which is reasonable given that I ordered close to 6pm-ish. I'm addition to me trying to contact Chipotle I also seen that the driver was no longer at the location which to me was fine because my food still showed prep time and he wasn't to far so I assumed he had other deliveries or something else that's really not my business nor concern since he wasn't holding my order up. So I go to google to find Chipotle's contact number which is also the same number on their official website. I decided to jus save the number and allow alittle more time.
Again I lose track of time and my daughter who I also ordered for asked me the status. At this point about 30 more  min. has gone by!! I'm annoyed to see no messages from DoorDash or Chipotle. 
I tried calling their number thats all over the internet including their own website and to no surprise the phone number was no longer in service!!! How can a place as well known as Chipotle not pay their phone bill??? 
 phone number for the restaurant 215.695.2083NUMBER DISCONNECTED!! It's so hard for me wrap my head around the notion that not only have I've been waiting close to 2hrs for food from a place considered Fast Food and already made!!! It  took over 2hrs for my food to be delivered when I live 10min away. 
Each time I tried to cancel DoorDash kept saying it's coming and offering credit which annoyed me as well because they weren't responding as quickly as I needed to them as well!! 
I ordered my food close to 6pm and received my delivery at 7:50ish. 
I ordered 2 burritos, 1 order of chips & 2 beverages and included a $5 tip for the driver which brought my total close to $40. The chips was greased soaked and disgusting I immediately through it all away.  I will NEVER ORDER FROM CHIPOTLE AGAIN. 
MY SUGGESTION: 
Invest in your Company again when Chipotle first popped up everywhere, I suggest hiring a Chick-Filet Staff Member who clearly train their staff members in the Marines or something  (doesn't even matter from which department you take a staff member from at chick-filet,   it can be the person who comes out to ensure the tables are clean or maybe their window cleaners  all of the are on point ALWAYS) to train your staff. This place has RE-written the book on 
*Customer Service,
*Customer Satisfaction
*Customer Appreciation
*Employee satisfaction/Appreciation 
And sooooooo much more!!
They take service serious!!!  Not one staff member strays from this Companies mission. I def don't see Chipotle being around within the next year or so if additional measures are not made to change things.Some of The workers didn't cover their nose with the mask, one (who looked in charge) did not even cover their mouth. There were no enforcement of the social distancing even though the stickers were on the floor. If you waited for previous customer to walk before ordering, they would rush you to take your order which pressured me to get too close. I come here often and service is usually great. But in these COVID 19 times, they have to do better. I understand it's a lot but if your going to be open, do it right.It is literally a 45 minute process every time I go here. Then after standing in line for that lengthy period of time they try to be stingey with the food so you can ask for a normal amount and get charged for it. Drive the extra 10 minutes, and go to willow grove. You will save yourself a lot of aggravation.Ordered two dinners for a late night meal at 9pm online. We waited about a half hour and we get there and they aren't ready but they said it would be 10 minutes. Waited 15 and we left. Ghetto!wish I would have taken a photo but I was so frustrated that a cheese quesadilla is made on a huge shell n only uses a half a hand full of cheese also the wrap it in foil n then throw it on a grill for 30 seconds so when I go n open it it looked Lucile a wet tortilla shell my husband n son use to love it here but I rather take the trip elsewhere if they want this food the girl tonight making the food is miserable and what's the point of wearing a hat when ur hair I hanging out of it I'll be having my husband n son also leave this ridiculous place 1star review bc theirs no way this place should have 2.5 stars also how do they never have coke cola The place looked dirty. I convinced my friends to come here instead of their competition, unnamed. I frequent the chains in NY and NJ and I was so embarrassed. The trays for attendant's were bare, not replenished well. The attendants were not pleasant, no forks or napkins available at station, tables weren't wiped, i was embarrassed. I even thought their food was not as tasty. An epic fail. I gave it a two cause the nachos were good, the guac was also missing something. Just an embassed outcome.I went in for a kids quesadilla meal to go and they forgot to give me my quesadilla !!! No big deal mistakes happen , what is really wrong here is that when I called to see what could they do for me considering that I wasn't gonna go back for my quesadilla after driving 20 minutes ... they pick up the phone and hang up right away !!!!!!! So angry now and not because they didn't give me my order but because they don't want to pick up the phone ! This is ridiculous !!! Called three times and all three times they did the same thing ! People check your order when you're taking outService is ridiculously slow compared to other chipotle flagships. I waited 30 minutes to order when there were only 2 people in front of me. It wasn't even rush hour. I don't understand why it was so slow. I've been to other chipotles at rush hour and the line still moved pretty fast considering all the people. This time around, the wait is ridiculously long. 
Also there was this employee who complained and constantly rolled her eyes after every customer. A customer wanted beans on the side and she made a face and was very unpleasant. I asked for a tortilla on the side and complained that she "burnt" her finger to the customers behind me. She made it seem like it was my fault that she "burnt" her fingers because I ordered it. If she was attentive enough then the speed of the line would have increased and she wouldn't have accidentally touched the inside of hot press. I rather travel all the way up to cheltenham for better, friendlier, and quicker service.Always my choice , haven't branched out and tried anything else . Oh and the queso & Chips . Maybe I'll try something else one dayHorrible service for my first time ordering online. my order was screwed up and I got the wrong things and my food was very cold. Staff was very rude as well. I'm not eating here again!this chipotle sucks never order from online they never put my exact order. when i ordered this time they had a pile of salt on my food it was honestly disgusting.Chipotle forgot to add meat to our tacos when we ordered . We called to put a complaint and the lady said we're lying that she checked the cameras and the workers put meat . Why would we lie and pick out meat from tacos when we're hungry to eat . Makes no sense horrible customer serviceI'm not sure why Chipotle is getting such poor reviews. I'm a self proclaimed chipotle addict and I'm not ashamed. A little e.coli never hurt no one. Chipotle is in my estimation a great alternative for crappy fried fast food type things. Everything tastes fresh to me here and i can see it cooking, which is exciting. 
I love my burrito bowls...all the burrito deliciousness without any of the mess. It's huge and filling, which is good since it is a bit expensive. And as we are all well aware, the guac is extra. We get it chipotle. It's fine. 
I recently made a discovery here-the medium salsa. Try it! 
The people who work here are friendly, fast, and efficient. The food is delicious.  And this location actually delivers if you can believe that. They may be sprinkling crack into their burritos because I'm unreasonably hooked, but I'm ok with it.I have reviewed this location before after having a few bad experiences. I figured I would give them another chance to redeem themselves. Long story short, I shouldn't have. 
4:15pm - place online order for 4:45 pick up
4:45pm - arrive at location to pick up order and get told they will start it now.
5:00pm - ask how much longer, and am told again they will start it now.
5:15pm - tell employee that people order online to avoid lines. How much longer do you think? Employee takes receipt  and slams it in front of the line cook who finally starts making food.
5:30pm - Finally eating stingy bowl prepared by cranky mc'hateshisjob. 
Go somewhere else.Never ever use the Chipotle App, I waited forever for my online order while customer after customer was taking care of in the line. Finally a girl who I assume is some sort of manager told a kid to do the online orders which were hanging on the floor.  Neverrrrrr again!  Stay away!!We ordered 2 burritos and 1 quesadilla. We ended with 3 burrito bowls for pick up. None of which were made right and none of which had the extras we requested through the app. On top of all of this we had to wait 25 minutes after the pickup time only to receive cold food. Absolutely disgustingMexican food for gringos who don't know what real Mexican Food is. Their tacos and burritos are tasteless and will cause you to do nothing but fart for days.I came here to pickup a door dash delivery and it took them 20 minutes after I got there for them to have the food ready and half of their employees were wearing masks under their nose. Not just that but half the people waiting for pickup also wore their masks wrong and weren't told to correct it. This place is a public safety hazard.Horrible. I can in with the intent to claim my free guac and chips. As soon as I walked in the young man at the beginning of the line was being very rude and smart toward me and made me feel very uncomfortable and disrespected just to mess around with his coworker and have a laugh. I was so upset. I walk to the front of the line to claim my free guac and chips and the young lady proceeded to tell me I needed to buy something to claim my FREE REWARD! You literally spend money in order to get this reward... that is the point of the reward it is a thank you for spending money at their restaurant. I never had this problem before. Obviously the managers need to be careful who they are hiring these days because the workers are rude and do not know what they are doing, also they just lost a faithful customer and I will proceed to tell my friends and family not to come to this chipotle ever again...THIS CHIPOTLE IS HORRIBLE! I order a VEGGIE BURRITO AND GET BEEF. I ate it and didn't swallow. Realized something was off. I'm vegan and haven't touched any meat  in over 8 years. They never get anything right over here.Not only did my door dasher  have to wait over 30 mins but my food was super cold & full of cheese like really extra cheese it tasted weird. No one is going to feel comfortable ordering thru delivery if we receive our foods this way. We still pay extra of course for delivery and to receive food cold and not well done and late it sucks !!!!RUN! RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN! this Chipotle is the worse thing that could happen to your Chipotle cravings and dreams. The place is filthy and the food is gross. I ordered a chicken bowl with brown rice, black beans, chicken, mild salsa, corn and lettuce. The chicken was so gross! It didn't taste right and it was mushy. The corn and salsa were bad, not as in taste but it went bad yet they were serving it. The utensils station was dirty and wet that I left without grabbing any. As for the food, I had a few bites and threw out my meal, not worth getting sick over it. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere, this will taint you and make you never want chipotle again.I ordered delivery from the Chipotle app. It was missing multiple items. I called Chipotle and the said that it wasn't their fault. They blamed DoorDash and said the driver must have taken it. I asked for the phone number for DoorDash. They gave me the number for Blue Cross Blue Shield.I can see why they got two stars and I know oh so well . I ordered through YELP and some how it directed me to this one after my order I was trying to get the one on Roosevelt. Why ...... because this one is NASTY . However I received my food and it was wrong I do not and cannot eat this I tried to call but guess what no one's answering.. I let it ring continuously and nothing they screw  your food up and probably know it and then don't even answer the phone to take responsibility. Don't go here please I'm gonna stay away from chipotle altogether after this crap.Probably worst Chipotle i've been to. They're currently only doing online orders. I ordered the new chicken quesadilla and one if my sides were missing. I also ordered a steak bowl which came with 80% rice and probably half a portion of steak. I gave this location so many chances but the service is always lacking and the prepared food isn't up to par. Guac is always half mashed too.
UPDATE: just found a hair in the steak bowlThis Chipotle is the worst one in the city.  Poor customer service, they act like they are doing us a favor.  Stingy with everything, giving half servings instead of the usual.  I'm Expecting and my baby hump only accepts chipotle so I'm a self proclaimed expert on serving sizes and acceptable customer service at a Chipotle.  I would rather pay toll and drive to New Jersey to the next closest one than eat food that has been around the unhappy people who work at the Roosevelt Mall Chipotle.  Please retrain your employees, and maybe clean the place a few times a day.The worst chipotle in Philadelphia. Every time I order from door dash some ingredients are always missing. I spend too much money for this to keep happening. I wish I could give 0 stars. This is highly unacceptable. Where are you guys finding these employees?? I can see this happening maybe once or twice. But it happens every time I order. Please contact them to fix this issue 
Thanks in advanceAMAZING SERVICE. Loved how polite and cute the staff were. My food was nicely put together. The seats and tables were clean.Just . . Don't go here. . Especially if you don't wanna get ripped off . . They skimp on the meat like a lot :/I love chipotle, but unfortunately when I visited this location (which will be my last) I ordered just a bowl of chicken and rice. I checked my order before I left luckily, and I was horrified at what I saw. THE ENTIRE ORDER WAS COLD, there was barely any chicken and the chicken that was there was scraps from the bottom of the pan and then they just covered the rest of the bowl with rice. I asked the lady who was working that day if there was any way I could get extra chicken or refund the order and she said "I can get you the number to call for a refund but I don't know it". I asked to speak to a manager and he also said he would grab me the number because he didn't know it off the top of his head . After about 20 minutes there was no return from either one of them with the number I should call. They offered no solution to solving my complaint. Customer service and food quality are horrible at this location and I highly recommend against going here. None of the employees know what they are doing and they have no idea how to problem solve or to help a customer in need. I would give 0 stars if I could.This chipotle is terrible, they never have food ready and can't order in person. What kind of restaurant won't let you order in person. I want to see it being made like all the other chipotles. Hope everyone here gets fireAbout a year or 2 ago they were pretty good but just yesterday I ordered through the phone application a steak bowl for 13$ nothing too crazy but they gave me my order with no meat I'm not much of a complainer so I ate it, it didn't taste bad but if I paid for something I would like to get it & on top of that there were small pieces of plastic in my bowl, I'm tired of this business letting me down last time before that I went it wasn't a great experience either my food was cold still tasted good but a long time ago it use to be really good I miss the old chipotle .Literally the worst location ever. The food SUCKS, the people are rude and no one wears masks. Like this place just needs to shut down, never had a good experience here and it's completely put me off chipotle entirely. U can never get ur refund for the nasty food they give you either. Just don't go, it's a waste.This particular Chipotle is the worst in Philadelphia,I've been here multiple times already the tables are filthy always and at 630pm when closing at 10 pm don't have rice and steak !Always something with this location it's def my last time coming here !Management def has to step and do something about this business,obviously I'm not the only one with the same complaints! It's not worth the one starThe food is good however 8/10 times I go to the Cottman location I feel like they are very sloppy with their bowl and burrito making. I also heard one of the employees say that when the online orders ask for extra anything he doesn't make them extra anything because we were too lazy to come in store. The employees every time you come into the Cottman Ave location are always so rude, unpleasant. They act as if they are being inconvenienced by us being there. I always feel like I'm bothering them when I ask for anything.  The store is always a mess. The employees have poor customer service training however the manager at this location is the reason I keep going.If I could give this no stars I would. This is the worst Chipotle in the whole city, disorganized, the staff look like a bunch of kids that don't know what their doing. Covid has been going on a for a whole year snd this restaurant doesn't even know how to run the takeout orders let alone prepare the food correctly without being sloppily. Like the food is nasty like the staff aren't better trained.The food is delicious,  the waitress was friendly and also gave suggestions love the placeProbably the worst experience I've had at Chipotle. 
The chips were at least a day or two old 
The guacamole was brown. 
The burrito was cold as ice, and tasted like a wet Baby diaper. 
I wound up just throwing it all away.I ordered online. When I went to pick up, I actually had an order to pick up. This was my third chipotle today. The only one that had sofritias. I was also pleasantly surprised to see out of all the locations I've entered today, this one was doing in person orders as well.  Guest and workers wearing mask properly. Only downfall was no silverware in the bag or out to grab.This chipotle overcharged me twice. I compared the prices between this chipotle and the other chipotle in The Northeast Shopping Center and they just overcharged people. The employees just goof around in the back without masks on and they give you dirty looks. They look like they don't want to work there at all. When I walked in, one of the girls gave me a dirty look as if they didn't want ti serve me. The security guard is useless, he stays on the phone and comes in and out of the store.Absolutely worst chipotle I've ever been to avoid at all costs rude employees, dirty, it's the worst do not go