Really high quality food! I got the sesame chicken bowl and it was great. Big portions-my boyfriend and I each got one and neither of us could eat more than half. I am SO picky on the quality of chicken that I eat because I will get grossed out easily so I'd give it all 5 stars just for that alone. Chicken was all white meat and no fatty pieces, also the right amount of crunchy. The sauce was good and they give a generous amount. Will go back soon!Huge portion sizes, decent prices and good food. Came here as I was craving rice. As you walk in it has a sort of Chinese takeout feeling although much cleaner. Chinese takeout feeling prob due to the large menu on top when I walked in. Making the food unfortunately was much slower than Chinese takeout. Took 7-10 mins for my chicken rice bowl when there wasn't anyone ahead of me.
-Jamaican Jerk Rice Bowl $8: still eating my bottomless bowl. It actually doesn't come in a bowl. Got dine in and they put the food in a meal prep container... maybe they thought I wasn't going to finish. Vegs we're alright, brown rice with no upcharge. Chicken was decent. The sauce was GOOOD! Ask for more
Overall, a quick and casual spot. Was in between a 3 and 4 stars as it wasn't anything special. The portion sizes and decent prices made me round up.Suppose one wishes to eat a relatively healthy, but nonetheless tasty lunch or dinner, without defaulting to the usual fast-casual fare? This place is your ticket. You choose a starch (white or brown rice), and protein (probably some kind of chicken with a sauce); and you get mixed vegetables on the side. Voila! A healthy but fast meal. 
So far, I've stuck to the Jamaican jerk chicken, which is legitimately, snot-inducingly, eye-wateringly spicy. And I say that as someone who laughs at wasabi. Those of you with a milder palate might choose one of the non-spicy sauce options. 
Portions are reasonably sized, and costs are comparable to fast-casual places.Love this place, i go here after work, the fish sandwich is really good and the price is rather cheap for downtown..Had the teriyaki bowl for lunch. Satisfied with the quantity and the sauce that completes the taste.
Have yet to try the chickenJay the manager was the real MVP. First impression, service was great, friendly and professional. Second, the food was prepared in a timely manner. Third and the most important, the food was on point. I ordered the chili garlic steak and it was . Definitely coming back for more.Update- sesame was good, but not as good as the teriyaki. I had the teriyaki a second time and it was just as good as the first time !The best wings! I like the traditional but the crispy are good as well. The staff is very friendly.This is definite the best fried chicken restaurant in Philadelphia. I have ordered from the restaurant multiple times and it never lets me down. The chicken is so crispy, moist, and flavorful. Honey garlic double fried is a must order.This place really hits the spot. It's reasonably priced, good portions, and tastes great! The spicy garlic chicken bowl is my favorite so far.I consider this place one of my local weekly meal values in our neighborhood, though their food seems to be getting greasier.  I gave this place a 5-star review originally, but after 20 or so visits, I clearly see the quality dropping.
I truly enjoy their chicken bowls with brown rice.  I love spicy foods and food with a lot of flavor - this place has both.  It's quite a good value getting a flavorful boneless chicken dish with a side of deliciously grilled veggies.  Chix & Bowls veggies even pack a lot of flavor.  Additionally, they include a little cup of shredded carrots with sesame seeds in a tiny bit of canola oil.  Chix and bowls uses 100% canola/rapeseed oil. I think they use too much oil in their grilled vegetables, especially the sliced zucchini. I think the quality of their product has decreased, especially when they are busy. They say they use "hormone free" chicken.  Hopefully it's better meat than the crap they serve at fast food places.  
If you like spicy food and chicken, here are my preferences in order:
1. Lime jalapeno chicken bowl
2. Jamaican Jerk chicken bowl (though this will not taste at all like jerk chicken)
3. Spicy garlic chicken (this reminds me of a Korean BBQ taste)
They have three non-spicy chicken bowls too - but I'm alive for the spice of life!
Also, they offer three types of rice as choices: white, brown, or chix rice.  Chix rice is yellow rice cooked in chicken broth.  Chix rice tastes the best, but I prefer brown as the seemingly healthier choice.
Now that the food is out of the way, let me talk about the atmosphere of the place.  I have always gotten take-out; the place is on the small side (maybe 5 tables and stool bar you can eat at looking out the window - all tables are by the window).  It has a pleasant wooden bench seating area.  They have an excellent quality sound system playing New York City's hit music station Z100.  The music is at the right volume you could hold a conversation, yet still notice the quality of sound system.Wow, banging. get that good good baby - lime jalapeno is like flavor town's capital. 
Tenders are mostly good - sometimes you get alil chicken slippage out of the crust - you know what im sayin!?I recently discovered this place and it has quickly become my go-to for healthy food.  Highly recommend the teriyaki chicken bowl or the spicy garlic chicken bowl (it's not too spicy).  Jay, who works at the front, always gives really good service as well.I thought that the chicken was pretty mediocre and dry. The breading used was too crunchy and not crispy. The size of the chicken finger was too wide and not easy to eat. The meal came with sauces with were OK but did not amaze me. For better chicken you can try Wishbone.FYI: They don't have their whole menu on the wall for some reason. For their full selection, check out one of their paper menus on the counter.
WHAT I GOT: 4 piece fish and chips
PROS: Oh my lord. Their portion sizes are HUGE. I watched them make it in the store and pack it up in this large plastic takeout box and for some reason I didn't think that much of it until I took it out at home. Their fish portions are fillet sized. Like I'm not even kidding. There were a hefty amount of fries at the bottom of the box too. Definitely something to get if you're looking to either eat two meal portions in a sitting (no shame man) or if you want to save some for another time. The fish itself was pretty decent. Still moist and flaky on the inside with a nice coating of fried bread crumbs. The breading wasn't too thick either and gave the fish a nice crunch.
CONS: Well to be totally honest, I was a tad concerned about how cooked the fish actually was. The inside looked a tad translucent to me but it could've been the crappy lighting of our living room. The fish itself didn't have too much flavor so you rely heavily on that tartar sauce they give you. Their grilled veggies (as a part of my fiance's rice bowl) was also kind of bland, with most of the flavors coming from the blackened areas.The chicken barely had meat on it and way too much sauce. A waste of $9. The only good part was the fries but how can you really mess up fries.This place is awesome, great chicken fingers with fries at a decent price in the city! Can't beat that. The chicken isn't overly breaded and the fries came crispy. I also got a free med fountain drink just for checking in on yelp!
They have a variety of other chicken bowls with rice/veggies/fries/ you name it. The service was great and it took just under 10 minutes from the time i ordered until i got my meal (i came during peak lunch hours). Definitely try to come either at the beginning of the lunch madness or towards the tail end of it.Great food and service! Always a go-to spot for me. I've had the fish, chicken tenders, fries, teriyaki chicken bowl, and wings so far. All have been great. I'd highly recommend!Couple of things are wrong here: 
1. Compared to bonchon or cafe soho, the wings were NOT crispy. They were also drenched in a thick sauce that was very overpowering 
2. The moo (pickled radish) was not marinated well - I was basically eating a raw radish 
3. The kimchi... WHERE DO I BEGIN. I've had kimchi all my life and I am actually offended that this place calls their "kimchi" kimchi. I can't even describe the taste... They are better off buying a jar of kimchi at HMart instead of making their own. 
Overall highly disappointed and will not be returning again.Good addition to the neighborhood.  First visit, and I opted for one of their bowls (lime jalapeno chicken with sides of diced daikon and spicy cucumber).  Every meal is cooked to order so chicken is fresh.   Generous portion, crunchy veggies, good rice.  Add a drink and this is a perfect lunch for ten bucks.I stop here for lunch occasionally. Spicy garlic chicken rice dish is my favorite!! Plus to the sauce AND they are always Opened when the craving kicks in!LOVED! I had a serious internal lunch debate going on, but chose Chix because of the free soda check in offer. I ordered through Yelp ahead of time. The only issue I had was that my order status never updated, and when I had Yelp reach out they weren't able to contact the restaurant either. Soooo...I waited a half hour before coming to pick it up, not sure if the order had even gone through. But it was there! The guy working gladly accepted my check in offer. The teriyaki chicken was amazing !! And there is enough food for 2-3 meals. I am coming back ASAP to try the sesame. I highly recommend ! There are only a few tables inside, so don't bank on dining in.The food was good.  I got the Jerk Chicken and rice.  It had a nice spicy kick and lots of flavor.  I thought the chicken was overcooked just a bit but it was still very delicious.  Chicken rice was also very good.  I would like to give the other thing on the menu.When you read the description on a menu you're never sure what you're going to get. This was spot on garlic spicy chicken! Out of this world. If you're looking for a quick inexpensive please this is the Shiznit!!The chicken bowls are delicious. The food is always fresh. Service has improved tremendously since they first opened.The lunch portions are good. The spicy garlic chicken is delicious. It comes with white rice and a side of delicious sautéed vegetables. For $10, the amount of a food was a pretty good deal. 
The service was OK. They made the food fresh so it took about 10 minutes. I wish the place was bigger because there isn't much seating. Definitely a better place for takeout. Calling ahead would have cut down wait time.Good tasting food for a decent price. I got their new curry rice bowl, which took 5 minutes to make. The curry came out steaming hot. The grilled veggies had flavor but weren't too salty or mushy. The only thing is there wasn't as much chicken as there is for the other rice bowl dishes. They have a chix rice option which is rice cooked in chicken broth and gives it flavor over white rice.$10.50 for a large quantity of barely edible chicken. They cooked the daylights out of it and it was so hard to chew I couldn't finish it. Two starts for the friendly service.I stopped in on a whim and ordered the Spicy Garlic wings. The result is nice sized wings, with a sticky garlic sauce. Tasted great, but only the wing, no meaty pieces. The pickled cucumbers were tasty. Maybe this is only. The Spicy Garlic, but a bit too sticky if you're going back to work. A moist finger cleaning packet would be most appreciated.The wings are 10/10. I got the spicy garlic regular (non crispy) wings and they were everything I could have wanted. We also got the jerk chicken bowl which was served over rice and came with grilled veggies.. it was pretty good but I would definitely get the spicy garlic over the jerk if I ever order again. The restaurant itself is pretty small so seating is limited. Would eat here again!I love this place! They are my go to for chicken tenders! They also have really good French fries. Great prices for the amount of food and it's good quality. Honestly the best chicken tenders in philly. This place is highly underrated and more people need to know about it!Just what I was looking for :) hit the spot with drag food that had tons of options. They were very accommodating about my food allergy too! Thank youThis place is okay for quick stop for a warm meal. There are a few options for rice bowls: teriyaki or sesame chicken to name a few. You choose what type of rice you get and veggies come on the side.
The veggies were the best part of the meal. They were still crisp with random seasoning that didn't really do anything thrown on top of them. I got the sesame chicken, which was fried. It tasted like chick-fil-a nuggets with teriyaki sauce on it. 
There was SO much sauce on the chicken that it completely drowned the rice- not one grain was sauce-free. As if I could use more sauce, they did include a small container of sauce on the side. Maybe it's just me, but I like to have different flavors in my meal. I would go back, but I would ask for all the sauce on the side.I've been here twice and both times the wait was way longer than I expected with almost no communication from the staff. On my second visit I waited more than 20 minutes for teriyaki chicken and white rice. Two of the employees were also on their lunch while the other Customers waited patiently for our food. At the 15 minute mark the employee that rang me out let me know it would be 5 more minutes. Not a good option for someone trying to order lunch and get back to work in an hour.
Update: the manager came over and apologized for the wait. He was open to feedback ok the quality of the service and tries his best to make it right. He was nice enough to refund the cost of my food just for the wait.The food isn't terrible but the service is. It's very loud in here with the music and the fans they have blowing. I never heard my number called and they gave my food to someone else. The cashier then got mad at me because of their error--I shouldn't have to be responsible for making sure they give me the right food. I wouldn't suggest this place based solely on my service experience here. Today made my 2nd visit and bad service experience.I have been to places shittier than this with way expensive prices.Sometimes ratings are all about hype. Had rice bowl with spicy garlic chicken with grilled veg and garlic sprouts. The meal was good and the price is reasonable. You can give it a try.This has become my go-to place for a quick takeout lunch or dinner during the time I have been in Philly. I have tried the Spicy Garlic Chicken Bowl and the Lime Jalapeno Chicken Bowl. Both were very delicious, and you get a side of cooked veggies which makes the meal feel more balanced and healthy. 
I loved the Spicy Garlic chicken bowl as it tastes authentic. The Lime Jalapeno is pretty special and interesting, not to mention tasty. 
The owner(?)/cashier is also super nice. For the price, the quality is high and portion size is generous. 
Definitely check this place out (there is also some seating in store).Great food at a good price. Love the Katsu chicken and the Aioli is amazing! Would definitely recommend stopping in. The staff is very friendly!BEST CHICKEN WINGS EVER!  These guys are crazy nice and they know what they're doing... 
I live around the corner and had seen them setting up shop. We were in there the first day they opened! Totally worth the wait!  
We picked up sweet chili wings and inhaled them, totally brilliant!  I will be back (often), absolutely planning to try every flavor wings before I tackle the entire menu!This place provides a lot of food (including freshly steamed veggies!) for a descent price. We had to wait a while for the food to be prepared, but the freshness and flavor made up for it. Three orders for four adults were plenty. We didn't eat the food for 20-30 minutes after we picked it up and everything was still hot. Nice!I've ordered from here for pickup (on yelp) twice now, and both times it was delicious. I had Chili Garlic chicken with white rice and Jerk Chicken with chicken rice (which is similar to the arroz amarillo packets you can buy in the grocery store). Both were delicious. Second time I got an extra side of the grilled veg and it's easily two meals for a guy who likes to eat.
This will definitely be in my lunch rotation!This is a great spot for some yummy chicken.  Everything is fresh and made to order.  You can taste that they use quality ingredients and care about what they serve.  I've been a few times, each time trying something different.  I have never been disappointed.  Super friendly staff as well.To be honest it doesn't even deserve the one star that I have given here. Food is downright weird tasting, stale n just not worth eating. What this place needs is a big lock with the key thrown is some far away ocean so no one can ever find it n no consumer has to ever eat such bad food. In an area and a city booming with some of the amazing restaurants, Chix and Bowl is a  shame. If you are reading this, please , please DO NOT (even if they offer free food) eat at this place. This place needs to shut down n spare all the foodies by not serving such pathetic food.BY FAR THE BEST (Korean) DOUBLE FRIED CHICKEN WING PLACE EVER! This place had such a welcoming vibe. By far the friendliest staff you'd ever meet.The wait staff was super quick (we were in and out in under 10 mins, so if you're HUNGRY like me you should know where to go).Jay provided excellent customer service! Food was amazing as well! Must try the spicy garlic chicken bowl!I use to order their famous double fried spicy garlic chicken and even ordered them in party platters. Its just not the same as it was in the beginning. I tried to really like it again and hoping it was just certain days that it tasted like this but sadly it didn't change it was very disappointingIt's a moderately priced chicken wing and finger joint.  I got tenders and fries and it was what you expect from quick food in this area.  It tasted okay but was basically frozen tenders and fries and sat heavily in my stomach for the rest of the day.  
Would I eat here again?  Probably.  Am I going to seek it out?  Probably not.Pretty disappointing. Chicken was over cooked and dry. Rice was far too hard and dry to eat. I will not be going back.The Manager here is super nice and very accommodating. I visit here frequently, and I usually get the chicken tenders w/fries. Pretty large portion chicken, on a bed of fries. Can't go wrong with this place. Everything there is also clean, a big plus for any food service establishment.First time here today. It was the day after Christmas and they were open. I was greeted warmly by I believe the manager and his staff. The food was prepared great and didn't take that long. I got the teriyaki chicken rice bowl. Chicken tastes great and the veggies were great too. They were completely alright with substituting the side of pickled cucumbers with a side of hard-boiled eggs. If you want a tasteful relatively inexpensive meal during your lunch break or in the evening this is the place to go. 5 stars for service, food preparation. And good taste. I'll be coming back!This place is one of the best new take-out places to come out recently.  I've tried 90% of the menu at this point and from my experiences so far, the food here is great and you get a lot of value with some items.
Best items:
Crispy/Grilled Chicken Sandwich: order comes with fries, sandwich has lettuce, tomato, raw red onion and mayo.  Get the double if you're feeling hungry.  Way better quality and value than you would get at Shake Shack when comparing their chicken sandwiches.  Plus, fries are part of the deal.  
Spicy Crispy Garlic wings: although the price point is a bit high (about $1/wing), if you haven't experienced eating korean style wings before, Chix & Bowls gets it right.  Give them a try if you enjoy spicy wings with a crunch.  
Any of the chicken bowl options: To be honest, you can't really go wrong with any of the flavors.  Each bowl comes with your choice of rice, grilled veggies and sauce (if you go with the katsu, you can choose your sauce to go with it).  The Jamaican Jerk and Spicy Garlic flavors are the spiciest ones if you're into spice.  The Teriyaki sauce is a bit too sweet for my taste, but the sesame chicken is a better option for a sweeter sauce.  
Already on first-name basis with the store manager and he and his staff treat me pretty well.  Chix & Bowls will be enjoying my business for a long, long time.Solid lunch place. Of course the chicken and rice part was really good, but the veggie side dish went so well that it made the dish. I would def go back again. The hot sauce tasted something along the lines of sweetened red hot pepper paste. I'm glad this Asian styled dish exists in Center City.So my daughter wanted to try this place out. Something new and different. The counter person was very nice. The place looked clean. She ordered the sesame chicken rice bowl with grilled veggies and I had the sesame garlic crispy wings. The veggies were grilled without being over cooked. The chicken in both orders were tender and not stringy. We liked it overall and wouldn't mind returningGood customer service. I ordered the spicy garlic chicken wings to go and they were pretty good. The wait wasn't too long and the chicken wings were definitely spicy enough for me!I think I'm good on returning here for a while. I had the Crispy Sesame Chicken rice bowl. While the chicken was pretty good and edible (mostly), the side of veggies were crunchy and the rice was chewy. I couldn't even bring myself to finish it it. I just kept chewing and chewing. It was a disappointment, considering I hashed out almost $9 for the entire lunch meal w/o a drink (thankfully that was free with a Yelp Check-in).This is the place if you want your chicken done right! But remember, you must be patience, they are cooking your food! No precooked, re-warmed chicken here. Excellent customer service, great tasting food, done right. I really can't decide which selection I like best! The crispy chicken wings are the best I ever tasted! try them with out the sauce, you'll will see what i mean. Shop is well maintained and very clean!
A huge shout out to Jessica, Tony and Paulin. I shall return!Love their chicken katsu with the spicy aioli. Comes with a side of rice and roasted veggies. Their curry is good too esp on a cold winter dayI only visited this location because I love their Chix & Wings location, so I was expecting my order to be prepared the same but I was mistaken. I usually get a Sesame Chicken Salad the lettuce are usually healthy, they give you a good serving of meat and offer you dressing at the Chix & Wings location, but apparently not this location. They gave me the same ole dried old lettuce, with about 3 pieces of chicken, and didn't even offer any dressing. I gave them another chance and stopped by to get a rice bowl, and it was actually good, but not prepared the same way. I would say both locations are good for lunch and a quick dinner, but the Chix & Wings location will continue to be my go to.Very good food here! And really affordable price in center city. Come here for lunch and/or dinner regularly. You have to try it.I thought the food here was exceptionally average. I got the Spicy garlic bowl with brown rice, grilled vegetables, and spicy cabbage. It was a giant portion size with dark meat chicken. I found the chicken and rice portion to be pretty dry and didn't think any of the "spicy" options were actually spicy. I definitely felt like I needed some kind of sauce to compensate for the dryness. The staff and service were great and they were reasonably fast. I wouldn't make this a regular lunch place, but it was good for a change.Mouth watery wings. Need it right now like right now. I hire Sos security to protect my wingsFriendly service. Rice bowl was dry and flavorless. Meager portions for sides. Too many good options nearby to make this place worthwhile.I have visited Chix & Bowls couple times before giving this review just to make sure it's really worth the 5 stars. I have had the fish and chips, spicy garlic crispy wings, the teriyaki chicken rice bowl and all of them were great. Watching them making the food is always fun and put a peace of mind that the food is clean and fresh.  The freshness of the food is reflected in the taste and aroma. Overall it's been an excellent experience. Only complaint is it does get crowded sometimes during lunch time as the place is small.Great value - large portions of tasty food for a good price. I got the chicken katsu with spicy garlic sauce. The chicken came out very hot and crispy, and the sauce was a great balance of heat and spice. I was pleasantly surprised by the vegetables, which were super tasty for a side dish - I couldn't place the spices used, but if they sold it in a bottle, I would buy it!My go to place for great food in a hurry. The Jerk Chicken  Bowl is to die for, it's super spicy, as Jerk Chicken should be, with just the right hint of sweetness.WHAT. A. DEAL.  Food is good and there is plenty of it. I can get two meals out of these bowls (if I stay focused). Prices are decent for what you get, staff is friendly, you can preorder. Love it!I live in the neighborhood and have visited on a few occasions. They are always good and they make all the food to order so it is hot when you get it. This was the first time I orders the whole chicken wings. They were very good.We ordered Chicken Bowls with Spicy Garlic and Teriyaki sauces on the side, and the Teriyaki one had a 1cm patch of white mold floating in it. We showed this to the guys behind the counter and they just threw it in the trash and gave us another container with no apology or even eye-contact. 
We ended up not using the sauce because the chicken was already pretty salty. That and the vegetables had a very heavy taste of burnt oil. 
Honestly there was nothing good about this dining experience.Just bought my chicken tender and fries. Its crispy and flavorful. Portion is huge for the money. I enjoyed it a lot and will try something else next time.Ordered chicken katsu with spicy BBQ bowl. The chicken was hot and crispy. Also ordered the lime jalapeño chicken bowl... amazing sauce! Spicy and savory. Great place for chicken fix. Friendly service!! Will come back again!!!Tasty, very filling, and somewhat slow. 
The bowls are the best options here, though I'm also a fan of the double chicken sandwich. Lime-jalapeno is probably the best flavor, but none of them are terrible. Get the chix rice and enjoy the surprisingly decent portion of veggies along with the tasty chicken bowl. Overall, good quality and very filling for the price. 
Online ordering via Yelp has been painless and accurate each time. Do be warned that they're often slower than the quoted time in having your order ready though and it's a very good idea to call in your order ahead of time rather than just walk in.The food was amazing! The only issue was when my order was delivered, the delivery guy didn't want to give me a copy of my receipt. I had to literally grab it out of his hand. Unbelievable!I absolutely love this place. I will only leave reviews on items I've had.
If you have never been here, the bowls go like this:
Pick Protein
(Chicken, Steak, Shrimp)
Pick Rice
(Brown,  White,  Chix)
Grilled Mixed Veggies (comes w/every bowl)
(Zucchini, Carrots, Broccoli and Cauliflower)
So goodI order side veggies OFTEN!!
BOWLS: personally enjoy the Jerk Bowl, jalapeno lime Bowl, and spicy garlic Bowl.
The steak bowl is delicious but the steak-to-rice ratio is off. There simply isn't enough steak for the bowl. 
I've ordered the Teriyaki Bowl but personally I felt it left a lot to be desired.
WINGS: I absolutely live by the regular wings. My favorite flavors are spicy garlic,  sweet chili, and the Jamaican Jerk. The honey barbecue is pretty good too.
This next part is super important ask for them well done with extra sauce!
Stay away from the crispy Wings they are greasy and have double breading... unless you like that sort of thing.
FRIES AND DIPS: I really like their french fries the nice and crispy. I also love their chili aioli. It's the only dip I have ever had and there's no need to try another.
CHICKEN STRIPS: I really like the chicken strips the nice and juicy however the breading always falls off. I will say I do still like the flavor of the breading in the crispiness of it. I just wish it stuck to the chicken.
Overall this is my #1 fast food place in CC Rittenhouse. The bowls are generous and if you are thinking of getting 20 wings, splurg for 30, they have discounts on 30wing Party platters (any combo of flavors).
LADIES: I lost 7lbs eating in 2 months simply by switching my fast food to bowls from here.  Plenty of protein, white or brown rice depending on your preference and the.grilled veggies are the BEST!Wandering around Philly today and stumbled into this place. Wasn't expecting too much, but was pleasantly surprised.  Ordered the curry chicken.  Sauce was a bit too thick and almost mushy, but the roast fresh vegetables were AMAZING!  Yellow rice felt and taste like boxed rice though.  I'll be back to try the fried chicken.The good is fantastic you get a ton of food for the price which is a very well priced especially considering is in Rittenhouse. They're very clean all the food is fresh no frozen food at all and the service is terrific highly recommend checking it out. The sesame chicken with brown rice bowl is my favorite.Love this place! I ordered the lime jalepeno chicken with chix rice and it was DELICIOUS. The portion size was at least good for more than 1 meal. My only complaint is that the veggies were doused in soy sauce or something of the sort and i would prefer just grilled veggies with no sauce, but other than i recommend this place!!!The wings do not taste as good because they serve wings that have been steroid induced. I will not be eating here again. Doesn't cost that much to serve healthy meat...Really good chicken! Love the service that is provided. 
Good way to try korean fried chicken! The staff is friendly and can explain what everything is if neededChix & Bowls serves the spot in-between fast food and a more proper sit-down meal. When I'm considering Chix & Bowls I'm also considering a place like Revolution Taco or Rione (Roman style pizza), which are both in the neighborhood and around the same price point of $11 to $14.
Chix & Bowls serves that craving I have for fried chicken when I want something different than Federal Donuts and I don't feel like traveling to Andy's Chicken in Graduate Hospital. Though of the three my preference would be for Andy's chicken as I find it to be the most delicious.
Coming here I will definitely recommend grabbing the crispy chicken wings. I only go for the honey ginger sauce and it's quite satisfying. I'm not a big fan of fries although theirs is on the better side. So because the employees are kind they'll throw in an extra chicken wing as a substitute for not getting fries. The wings are actually a good size which I I'm pleased with.
I've tried other items on their menu but honestly nothing is too remarkable. Their curry chicken is acceptable as is their chicken katsu.
They won't get five stars from me because I think the taste could be better. They do have a decent seating option which you can see in my photos.This is a striaght nasty place and I have posted pictures to prove it. Cashier eating and drinking at the register. Bathroom is a mess , why in earth is there a patio table in front of the toilet and pee all over the seat. There is a dirty mop near the bathroom in plain site of the dining halls leaking dirty juices everywhere. Than the cook touched it and went back to cook in the same gloves ewwww.... I'm so angry with this place...