This is my favorite place to get ice cream in Philly! They're open later than a lot of places and the ice cream is fantastic.Cute little ice cream place in Manayunk.  We grabbed a few cones and we were on our way pretty quick.  Our girls enjoyed their treats.  I'm sure we'll stop in again, since my daughter goes to Jefferson/PhilaU right down the street.  Great place to stop for a treat after dinner.Bassett's ice cream really lacks flavor. I've tried to go here twice for ice cream and it really is lackluster. Plus, my milkshake cost $8 bucks and took ten minutes to make.
Stick to water ice only from this joint.The Cheese Fries are to die for! We always hit Chloe's up after being out in ManayunkEvery town needs a place like this! Quick pit stop for all your random junky cravings all in one spot! I'm guilty for craving cheese fries at any hour of the day and I love that I can stop by here for a quick snack for super inexpensive. It's in a great spot on Main Street with all the bars. The only thing that would stop me from going here is if we move out of town!Chloe's corner!! Omg best customer service! I see them going great places! Great food!After millions of year passing by this place, I finally got an ice cream here. Unfortunately, we picked a bad day to eat ice cream. My husband and I both got a soft serve and it melted instantly since it was so hot out. We couldn't even enjoy the ice cream because it kept melting all over our hands. The ice cream was really yummy though! I wish I had gotten an milkshake or something. There is a cute little trail right behind this shop! We wanted to walked on there but due to our ice cream melting, we had to go back to our car.I love you and your delicious water ice ... not only are you homemade but you're really cheap! I wish you were open all yr long but then I wouldn't appreciate you as much ... now that I write this I think I'm going to get off my ass and go visit you hahahMet the owner of the establishment tonight...couldn't have been a nicer guy.  He was super friendly, which can be especially hard with the drunks you encounter at 2 AM on a Friday in Manayunk (which was us), but irregardless he treated us like valued customers and cracked a few jokes while we ordered our cheesesteaks and cheese fries, which really are hard to top.  Love the Food Tent and hope it never leaves...great place!The Tent at Chloe's Corner is the best late night food spot around.  I will only park in the lot behind it so I have to walk past The Tent on my way back to the car.  Burgers, hot dogs, fries and mozz sticks...who could ask for more after midnight?  Service is good, prices aren't bad.  Can't ask for much more.  I love it.  Only reason I'm giving it a 4 star and not a 5, I've never actually been to Chloe's Corner ice cream shop, but judging from the reviews here, it sounds pretty good.  Hope to update soon once I try that!A cute local water ice/ ice cream stand.  Since it's the fall they have less flavors available.  I still prefer Rita's because they're cheaper, but I do like that at Chloe's, you can make a gelati with ice cream not just soft serve.   They make their gelati in opposite order of Rita's, it has the water ice on top and bottom and the ice cream/soft serve layer in the middle.I'll give it props for having Bassett's ice cream, a good start. But that goes downhill pretty quickly when I get served a different flavor than I ordered. I didn't want to make a fuss about it since the girl was obviously new and we had already waited 10 minutes for her to make a chocolate milkshake. The ice cream was still good.
It's also pretty overpriced. $6 for a milkshake, $4.50 for a cone, and we asked to get just a spoonful of vanilla for the dog and was given a cup and charged $2.50 for that too! All in all, our ice cream cost us $12. Wayyyy too much.
I haven't eaten their food, but prices don't seem to be much better for that either. Cheesesteaks start at $8 without any add-ins. 
Seems like a great place to go during the summer, and I can ignore the fact that they only had one person working and she was obviously very new (although you'd think they'd know better than that), but not at that price.First and foremost, 3/5 stars for the actual ice cream, which really has nothing to do with the place that serves it. They didn't manufacture the ice cream. Seriously though, the ice cream is delish. And we love that they serve 'pup cups' for dogs-- vanilla ice cream with tiny dog treats on top!
But. My. Goodness. THE SERVICE. 2 stars for how consistently terrible it is. It leaves so much to be desired. We've been coming here all summer and it's always teens and young 20-somethings who have literally ONE job. We consistently, as in every time we visit, see long lines and ridiculous wait times. Customers always have to repeat their order multiple times because the person at the window constantly repeats it back to them incorrectly or says over and over "wait what was that?" These aren't difficult orders. Heck, I stood to the side waiting for my ice cream order and I memorized an entire family's order because they had to repeat it so many times because the window person kept messing up the order. I've seen people bring back their order because it was wrong, and I actually had to do this for my S.O.'s order. He ordered a Manayunk Mixer and they mixed in the wrong ingredients. So what they did was keep the original ingredients in and then just added the correct one along with the original incorrect ones -____- Seriously? I was really fuming at myself about the tip I left them. Meanwhile the line is growing past the sidewalk toward Main Street and one employee kid is standing in the back of the shop just staring at his phone. Other customers were given the wrong order. Like come on. I hate to say it, but it's really not that hard to work at an ice cream shop. We've both worked in the food industry, so been there.
So, great ice cream, terrible service that might put a damper on your summer night out. To average out the rating between 3/5 ice cream and 2/5 service, 2.5 stars.Me and my wife like water ice and we have tried many of the ones that have great reviews, but this place is the best hands down. The texture of the water ice is just right and the taste is not overly sweet or just crunchy ice. 
The custard is really good for the gelati. I bought me and my wife the coconut water ice with the chocolate custard and it tasted just like a mounds chocolate bar. 
Their cherry flavor and watermelon flavor are good. 
Others may disagree and think John's Water ice in South Philly is better, but I've had theirs as well and they don't come close with the water ice, but their custard is good as well.Nick was amazing, I'm from Kansas and never been here before l. I've been eating their chilli cheese fries for about 5min and it's amazingGreat ice cream with amazing service from a family buisness, what else can I say? I grab a cone whenever Im in the area. Chocolate with Chocolate sprinkles is my go to. Their prices are very reasonable and their servings are generous. Even better, their staff is always incredibly polite and whoever is working the register always has a smile on their face.
Chloe's Corner has been around as long as I can remember and is  staple of the community. I can't think of a better business with a kinder staff in the entire neighborhood. Make a visit, you won't be disappointed.I moved from Philly to the West Coast decades ago, but when I come back with the kids, this is where I go to show them how fun life here can be.  Fantastic menu of ice creams, wooder ice and other treats in an absolutely perfect setting!I had a great time at Chloe's last night! I have been craving an actual ice cream spot to open up on Main St, so I'm excited that this place is open up for the Summer. They have a lot of ice cream flavors, and two different ice cream vendors. They also have milkshakes and Italian ice. I am a chocolate chip cookie dough snob, and I have to say, their chocolate chip cookie dough is spot on. I will definitely be coming back soon. Great ice cream and friendly service.Stopped by after great meal at Lucky's. I had the strawberry ice and vanilla ice cream gelati, my girl had coconut almond joy ice cream and boy had a flood with chocolate ice cream, chocolate chip ice and Heath bar blended together. It was huge. All tasted great. The ice cream may seriously been the best I've tasted. Cute little corner stand with plenty of seatings. We go out for ice cream a lot and Chloe's is going to the top ten on my list.We stopped in late on a Wednesday after a concert in the city for some bad decision snacking on the way home.  I had the cheese fries which were magically covered with cheese from the top of the cup to the bottom.  Don't be mistaken, you will need a fork!  My husband had a cheesesteak.  He liked it, but maybe since it was an off night of the week and early in the season (it was May), they literally had to fire up the grill when we got there.  It took a little while for it to heat up and then for them to cook the meat.  By the time his sandwich came out I was already halfway through my cheese fries and searching for a second bottle of water.  I'm fairly certain I felt my arteries clog up a little that night, but in the moment, it was totally worth it.I really liked Chloes Corner, they had an amazing set up, delicious ice cream and reeaaally good customer service. They had a wide variety of flavors, types of ice creams and types of frozen beverages. The pretzels are delicioys and They even had a PupCup for my dog. It has the same concept as ritas but more variety. Will be back.Though probably best known for their ice cream, Chloes serves THE BEST CHEESE FRIES AROUND on thurs/ fri/ saturday nights. The staff is amazing. I am constantly taking everyone i know there after a night out in manayunk. The worst part of graduating college is not being able to end every night here every weekend. Fantastic food, even better people.We were in the mood for Frozen Treats after Bikerace on Sunday. We tried to go to the new 'Whirled Peace' Frozen Yogurt shop on Main Street. We walked in and the girl working there said "we are closed....the machines are still on though. " So we are like, so are you open or not? She said "we are not open, but the machines are still on, so.."
My one friend who was visiting thought this was pretty weird and rude and so we walked out. What a good decision! We went down to Chloe's corner for the first time and it was open and stays open till 11pm! I had thee most delicious ice cream! I had a scoop of red velvet cake with big chunks of cake in it and a scoop of raspberry truffle with chocolate jimmies. My friends got exactly what they wanted too. Chloe's rocks and I will definitely go back there again.I know this place simply as the "late night food tent" or the "drunk tent".  The deal with this place is pretty simple.   They have burgers and hot dogs and typical food you might find at a baseball game for example.  So it is all pretty standard food, not the most delicious stuff you've ever had but not bad..  However after you go to the bar and drink yourself into a stupor and get some grub from this place afterwards it is magically transformed into the best food you've ever eaten in your entire life!!  Or at least it will seem that way at the time!   
Given the late night hammered drunk clientele, its a good spot to late night people watch, you are pretty much guaranteed to see some shenanigans or a drunken fight etc.  One time a drunk guy actually ran by and grabbed a hamburger off my table and ran away into a cab!  Luckily the cab hit a red light and I was able to run the guy down and get my burger back and was greeted by a round of applause upon returning to my table with my burger.
Awesome late night grub!Love this place! The whirled soft serve and toppings are amazing! It's super convenient and always friendly. Prices are reasonable. Great summer spot!I had a soft serve twist cone from here yesterday.  It was very creamy and smooth. I def recommend it they also have a good selection of ice cream. Very friendly staff and owner. Another plus they have a area to sit outside.Yesterday I was having a huge craving for ice cream. I checked a few places on Yelp and settled on Chloe's. I decided to try a milkshake since it was late and I didn't feel like dealing with an ice cream cone. I went with my 'go to' shake, cookies n cream. I didn't expect to be charged $8 for ice cream and milk. But I figured for $8, this must be one hell of a 20oz shake. Boy was I wrong. It was just ok. Maybe worth $3. Four at best. I didn't taste much cookie. It was more like vanilla with a hint of chocolate cookies. Would I recommend? I would say try the place once. Would I go back? Maybe for a few scoops but that's about it.This is my favorite place for Water Ice and Ice cream on Main St. This place reminds me of Rita's water ice when it was still small 10 years ago. Brings me back to my childhood when getting Water ice and ice cream was a super rare treat! 
Service with a smile and amazing tasting Water ice and ice cream. The chocolate water ice has chocolate chips in it!! Small things like that is what makes this place shine! Not only do I enjoy this place, my dog loves the pup cups they serve as well!I love gelati, and I consider myself a connoisseur of soft ice cream/custard.  IMHO, a Philadelphia water ice place can either do it right or do it wrong.  A recent visit from west coast friends was the perfect excuse to head to Manayunk for a late lunch and a mango/vanilla gelati.  And it was good.  
Flavor selection is decent, and prices are right.  What more could one ask of her gelati provider?The other day I was in Northern Liberties and craving a typical philadelphia snack - water ice and a soft pretzel.  We went to the Rita's on 2nd and they were not only "out of pretzels for the season" but were also out of lemon water ice. (Sorry, but - Where they do that at?!?)  
My husband and I were in route to Manayunk for an afternoon of furniture hunting, so we figured we'd stop at the little frozen treat hut (I don't know how else to describe it) smack dab in the middle of Main St.  This was my first time at Chloe's Corner - but I really appreciated the delicious creamy water ice - I opted for the basic cherry / lemon mix and it was absolutely delish!  The pretzel was also particularly yummy - b/c it was parts typical philly pretzel and parts buttery amish country soft pretzel.  Either way - I was totally satisifed, and am looking forward to my next "furniture shopping" trip to Manayunk, so that I can grab another water ice and pretzel combo!  
Oh - my husband also ordered the soft serve in the waffle cone ... super rich and creamy, and totally rivaled Rita's custard.
**CASH ONLY**I really like Chloe's waterice.  Watermelon and blue raspberry are my favorites.  I try not to wonder why is it always blue raspberry and not red raspberry, but that's a question for the industry and not just Chloe's.  The prices are great and I recommend if you really want a large, why not drop the extra half buck and get a pint?Highly recommend getting ice cream here, particularly the Guatemalan chip flavor. Great stop on a walk along the river. Looking forward to my next visit!This place is AMAZING! Such fast and friendly service and amazing food even at late hours. Best food ever!!! We love Chloe's corner!!!Great place for ice cream and water ice! The owner is a great guy who loves to talk and tell stories. He made my friends and my's experience extra special! A great place to go on a summer night for ice cream. Lots of choices and right next to a tent with French fries and other salty treats if you like sweet and salty like me :)Nothing too impressive, but it was the start of the season when I visited. I think they can improve. The ice cream was alright, and the kids working it were nice, even when they couldn't get the register to open. I'll probably stop by on a walk on a nice day, but I'm not making any trips out to see them.I had coconut cream water ice here for the first time and it was okay.  The boyfriend couldn't stomach his orange vanilla, and I can't stand orange, so that went in the trash after a couple of bites.
My coconut cream took a while because they couldn't find it.  It was under a frozen turkey (not one of the flavors on the menu).  Because that's how they roll in Manayunk.My pickup was seamless and safe due to their careful protocols during COVID-19. They have clear markings to keep folks 6 feet apart, proper protection for themselves, and they still served me with a smile. On top of that, the ice cream was delicious! There's a reason they are a summer staple!I have to admit I only tried this place because it shares a name with my bayyybayyy. Glad I did though. This ice cream is creamy and fresh. I had the cookies and cream, and my cookies were still crunchy. That's a plus. Nice outdoor area to eat in and seems to have a popular food menu. Great place to finish off my birthday with my favorite girlGot my first taste of water ice at this spot, and it did not disappoint! I got the mango, and it was super flavorful without being too rich. Really good!
There might be a bit of a line, but it goes pretty fast. 
I think the thing I was equally impressed with was the customer service. Being from California, and now visiting the east coast, I honestly didn't know what to expect. But the girls (mostly teenagers it appeared) were pleasant, accommodating, and friendly. 
Glad to have had my first water ice experience here!I ordered ice cream online for an impromptu birthday party a few weeks ago. After I placed the order, I received a call from an employee letting me know that one of the items was not available. She worked with me to select another comparable ice cream flavor and told me my order would be ready at an assigned time. I arrived at Chloe's to pick up my order and it was delivered directly to my car. The order was nicely packaged and the cones are right at my location and broken and of course the ice cream was delicious!!!!Chloe's corner not only has the nicest people working there but more importantly, or as importantly, they have three of the best Philadelphia ice cream makers. Nelsons, Potts and of course Bassets.
You pretty much can't go wrong with anything you order, and if you're feeling daring, try the hot fudge topping!She said cup or cone. I said come. She's like "ok cup". And I'm like "no I want a cone". She said "ok" . But she didn't ask me what kind of cone which was a little confusing but I went with it. And then when my ice cream was ready she handed me a cup. Like what. The ice cream was pretty good tho.After a long bike ride, I enjoyed a cup of chocolate soft serve at Chloe's Corner Manayunk. The ice cream was delicious, almost like chocolate mousse, so light. The only thing I do not like is that it is served in a polystyreen cup. Please use paper cups. They are much better for the environment.Not too sure about the hype for Chloe's corner. My biggest gripe was the cookie cone I had with my simple vanilla ice cream. It was the driest and blandest (yeah I made that up) piece of work ever. Even the ice cream didn't make that desert even slightly soggy. I can say the ice cream isn't bad but my cone can't taste like a paper cup.First time trying this spot out. Italian ice was excellent would definitely get that again. Was excited for some chicken fingers but they were only doing the frozen desserts. Understandable seeing current situation of the world. Now to the milkshake is as advertised a MILK SHAKE lol. The vanilla milk shake may have been a cup of milk with a scoop of ice cream. Poured it right down the garbage disposal waste of however much it was. Also the server gave us a spoon instead of a straw for the milkshake which was a head scratcher not like we needed it anyway. Probably will give this spot another try in the summer who knows.Stopped here to get my daughter an ice cream. We didn't get any food, literally only tried the ice cream so my review is just for that. I got my daughter the smallest size birthday cake ice cream in a cone. The thing was huge! She could have never finished it, so I give them credit fir big portions. As for the ice cream, I'd say it's average. It's not homemade or anything so it doesn't taste any different than what you'd get in a grocery store. But, if you are in the area and looking to go out for ice cream it's still a decent option. They have a large variety of flavors. It's right off the bike path too. Prices were about what you would expect. I wouldn't mind coming back and trying some of their food.Full disclosure - I came here for the ice cream. Chloe's Corner makes the perfect date spot. You start on the schyukill riverbank and bike all the way up to manayunk to get food and make a pitstop here for ice cream. Apparently others had the same idea, because it was a pretty popping spot in the summer. I got their blueberry cheesecake, which was spectacular. It was filled with blueberries and cheesecake pieces and almost made you fall asleep. I would definitely come back here and bike back into the city fighting against a sugar coma.I went here during covid and liked how they had markings on the floor to keep customers 6 feet away. At first I thought they only served ice cream but they also serve regular food with less than half of the menu being ice cream. 
I ordered soft vanilla serve with m&ms and my dog got the pup cup. The ice cream was tasty but I wasn't blown away by it. My dog loved his though! I really liked how they have pup cups available. It's in a great location in Manayunk and I'll definitely be going back.Came here based on yelp reviews and was not disappointed.  When you do a yelp check in you get a free pretzel with a purchase.  Husband and I came due to my excessive need for water ice! The water ice was excellent! I was smooth like ice cream.  My husband had the raspberry flavor and I had the cherry flavor.  The pretzel was left a bit to be desired due to the hardness in bite.This is the picture of an employee that would rather carry on a convo with a friend instead of handing a delivery order to a delivery driver. I stood there for atleast 15 minutes before being helped. This is an issue with other delivery drivers as well. Management needs to hire employees that want to work.I really enjoyed Chloe's Corner when I stopped by with my boyfriend last weekend. It is a little pricey-$3.50 for a regular cone and $.50 extra for sprinkles, but it was so worth it because the ice cream was SO creamy! I am a huge soft serve fanatic and I truly liked this place.The ice cream from Chloe's corner satisfied my sweet tooth craving and I will definitely return. The soft serve was light and fluffy and did not taste overly sweet or processed. There are a lot of fun toppings to choose from in order to make your perfect treat. The vibe of the place is really fun and the staff were very nice and took covid precautions.It was really really good. Very expensive for the small amount you get when you can get the same thing and a larger serving for way less money.Different Cheesesteak #893.  I got the cheesesteak Supreme and took it to Wissahickon Brewing Co.  I love Wissahickon Brewing Co.  My Chloe's Cheesesteak not so much.  $12.75 and it was missing love.  Big, very big pieces of peppers.  Almost half a pepper in one piece.  Peppers overpowered everything.  Except the lack of love in putting the cheesesteak together and the beer.Yum! We grabbed two cones on our walk last night. Delicious and quick service!! The cookies and cream ice cream is delicious-- very rich. We will be back-- staff is very nice.I've lived in The roxborough-manayunk area my entire life but have never been to Chloe's. My boyfriend and I stumbled upon it, while walking on Main Street & we decided to give it a try. We got a honey chicken wrap, cheesesteak and an appetizer sampler. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and our food came out really quick. Everything was delicious and reasonably priced:) we will definitely be back in the future to try their ice cream!Being one of the only late night ice cream places open near me, boyfriend and I had to give it a try. We both had Manayunk mixers and got a pup cup for our dog. The mixers were $5 each and had plenty of our selected topping throughout which was very enjoyable. The small pup cup was so big for our little shihtzu for only $1.50! They have a wide variety of flavors and options. Will definitely be back to try other ice cream flavors.