This review is for their Sushi only.
So I should know that any place that advertises as being both Japanese and Chinese should send out red flags.  It's like having two professional degrees....you end up being mediocre at both.  
The food:
Overpriced for what it is.  The rice is sticky and mealy, which makes eating raw fish on top of it unpleasant.  They did have fast service which is a minor plus.
The quality of the fish was so-so.  My unagi was nice (but I think I've never had bad eel at any sushi restaurant), but my spicy tuna roll was just plain gross.  You know how some places use the tuna scraps to make a diced tuna roll instead of solid pieces of tuna?  This is what you get here.
The atmosphere:
Old, dark, run down and dirty china town feel...without the authentic, make it worth it taste.
Although this place is right around the corner from me, with places like Doma nearby, I will NOT be coming back.I really wanted to like this place because the delivery guy was so nice, but it was solidly meh. The dumplings and spring roll were both flavorless. The cashew chicken was very good, but about 75% celery and carrots. The search continues...My boyfriend & I had our dinner here tonight & to be very honest : I would NOT dine in . The atmosphere was not very pleasant , it was so hot especially during this critical weather , & the interior doesn't look very pleasing . But the food is spot on , their sushi is fresh & delishhhh ! I mostly came for the sushi because I am a sushi lover . But next time I should  get take out more often instead of dining in .I wish I had read the Yelp reviews before getting delivery from here! Why are the GrubHub reviews so inflated compared to Yelp????
We ordered a spicy tuna roll, tofu with general tso sauce, and yakki udon. Those three items came to $35 which is pretty expensive for delivery. My experience resonates with many of the reviews below. I can still taste the grease in my mouth from dinner hours ago. The general tso sauce was bright red and lacked any real flavor or spice; the udon noodles ($12) tasted like crappy lo mein; and the sushi roll was just yucky. None of the ingredients seemed fresh.  I lost my appetite after a few bites and regretted "trying a new place".  We will not be ordering from here again.I'm not sure why these reviews are so inconsistent. I've gotten solidly good, quality food from here for the past year, and their service is above and beyond. Once my
bf and I picked up dinner, got it home, and realized a lo mein was missing... But by then they had closed so we just took it as a loss. About 5 mins later, they called me, said they realized their mistake and would deliver it- and it arrived quickly, still hot (I think they must have remade it). Super cool. I don't eat land animals, only seafood, so I've had shrimp and veggie dishes; bf has had meat; all has been very very good.  We have only ordered chinese, not Japanese.Food was good but the service was abysmal. No people eating around us and we had to prompt the waitress to take our order, pay the check, etc. if you are in a hurry, forget it!!This place is def another Asian favorite in my book. 
Ordered from here last weekend with the bae. Grubhub time estimate was halved by the time the food came. Everything was great, quality was fresh, and there was leftovers for a couple of days. 
A pork lo mein dinner special (included fried rice, an egg roll, and another addition; he chose wonton soup), a Philly roll with extra cream cheese, a S&P Triple Delight (fried scallops, shrimp, and squid with veggies),2-20 oz sodas, and a pupu platter cost $55 after tip. The only problem is I expected my dish to be a bit spicier. It bordered on even being mild. 
Looking forward to ordering again.great sushi, can tell the rice was very fresh too. Also had the Haru maki, yum and the steamed shrimp dumplings yum, ordered two days in a row!We got 5 maki rolls and some mei fun delivered. It was good. Nothing fantastic but decent. The fish seemed pretty fresh and the only gripe I had was the seaweed in the miso soup had a weird texture to it. Prices seemed very reasonable for the area, too.I love Cho Cho San! I'm a huge Sushi fan and one of my good friends is a huge Chinese food fan, so Cho Cho San suits us perfectly. I can get Sushi and she can get the dishes she wants. They are always (usually) prompt with delivery. Sometimes they arrive before we even have the payment together for them. We got our neighbors aboard the Cho Cho San train and they are hooked, as well! Now, it's our Tuesday ritual. We all get together drink wine and martinis and order Cho Cho San. It makes for a great night, it's very affordable, and we always love the food. I've had Sushi from similiar places and it tasted like it had sat out all day. With Cho Cho San, it's always fresh and never heavy or overpowering. Just right. I'd actually like to propose 4 and a half stars for this place. I settled with 4 because there was one time that our food took over an hour, but everyone makes mistakes and when it did arrive it was great! If you are looking for a good meal, Cho Cho San does take out/delivery and it's only a $10 min. Give it a try; you won't be sorry you did!I ordered dinner through Grubhub and was very pleased.  Delivery was a few minutes before the estimated time. I ordered Won Ton Soup,  General Tso's Chicken (as stated on other reviews made with real white meat chicken), and Beef With Broccoli,  also delicious. This will be my go to Chinese Restaurant for delivery.  There are many different things I want to try.I think they put some effort into making such bad food. If not, it's just innate talent I guess.
Seaweed salad: $5. Maybe a 1/4-1/3 cup of limp, slimy seaweed (as a huge fan of seaweed salad, I've tried dozens in Philly and all over the east coast and this was *thee* worst).
Spring roll: so lightly, unappetizingly fried that it was impossible to not chew on raw dough. Oh, and it was frozen. And bland.
Wonton Soup: spat out the first bite. Weird, thick pasta encases two mini nuggets of... something. I actually have no idea.
Sweet squash roll: edible with ample wasabi and soy sauce. Heck, what isn't?
For a total of $17 ($20 with delivery tip), I ate aboouuuutt $5 worth of food. $3 of which I enjoyed.yeaaaa... this wasn't chicken... most "Chinese" places can mask their "meat" and make the texture taste/feel like chicken, but this place failed. I ate it anyway cuz I was hungry. *sigh*To make a long story short, I will never eat here again. The boyfriend and I dined in a few months back and the food was terrible, sushi was mushy and bland & his chicken was inedible. I ended up curled in the fetal position sick to my stomach for the rest of the night. 
I'm really surprised to see so many positive reviews for this place! Cho Cho San is bad news in my book.Some people I know don't really like this place, so I was reluctant to try but I am quite happy I did!!
Tempura chicken/vegetables is delicious. And cheap. Will keep coming back for it!
Only qualm is sometimes I can pay with a credit card and sometimes there is a $10 minimum.It was cheap,hot and fast. What you would expect from a chinese/sushi joint in a strip plaza . Not fine dining but good nonetheless . Edamame beans were good, veg lo mien was ok, egg roll ok, fried rice needed a shot of soya sauce,but on the whole the meal was pretty good. Two of us ate for $17.I've since tried their Japanese menu. The avocado roll was good, but I think its really hard to mess up avocado.
I ordered the Terriyaki tofu and it was terrible. Silken tofu fried in tempura, covered in terriyaki sauce and COVERED in onions.  
I'd still recommend the Chinese menu, but do yourself a favor and stay away from the Japanese entrees.If i could give 0 stars i would. I ordered food that had MOLD and they hung up on me when i called to complain and only refunded me $2. Terrible customer service and terrible food. Will never support this establishment again.Almost two hours for delivery,  and then the order was screwed up. Soup way too salty,  the rest of the food just ok.  Never again.Don't understand why the rating isn't higher.  Have been here three times and the food was consistently good.  The pork fried dumplings are great.  My husband loves the Singapore noodles and string beans.  The mu shu chicken is very good.  There are $10 dinner entrees with egg roll and pork fried rice.  Brown rice is available for a $1 surcharge.  Way above your average Chinese restaurant, even in ChiSo bad I had to spit it out.  I only order cooked or veggie items like tamago and asparagus rolls.  So it is not the fish I am complaining about.  But all of the rolls and pieces I ordered had discolored vegetables, the asparagus was woody and impossible to chew.  The tamago just had a foul texture and seemed days old.  My husbands sushi was average.  He at least was able to swallow it.  I will never order from here again.3.5 stars it's better than 3 but not quite a 4... I ordered delivery several times and went there twice. They microwaved their tea which was why the cup was hotter than the tea... but the sushi is good although my order has been delivered wrong a few times. Like they didn't put eel sauce on my eel avocado roll and the spicy salmon roll I ordered came like a salmon roll with spicy mayo on the side which tastes different and costs different. But they do deliver sushi and it's decent. Don't expect gourmet, but they are reliable and good.This is my go to Chinese delivery spot. The order is always delivered in under an hour and the food is amazing. We usually go with general tso's, beef & broccoli, or chicken lo mein.I should have known better with a menu this size (Over 100 items) that the meal we were about to embark on would be satisfactory. We received the menu under our door about a week ago and my manfriends was drooling ever since about the new sushi cuisine in the neighborhood not to mention that it also served Chinese food. 
So last night we dove in... About $50 worth of Japanese & Chinese sub-par cuisine and we were mildly disappointed. 
First up the salad that came with both of our meals: The lettuce was brown around the edges and the dressing wasn't the typical asian dressing that we normally experience when we order  Japanese cuisine. My man happened to like - I say this was the best item beside the Miso that came with my meal. 
On to the main course: I ordered Teriyaki Shrimp. It came with about 10 Jumbo Shrimp (A+) however it seemed like it was deep fried rather than over a grill or hot plate. . It was covered in some sort of flour batter that was crispy. The vegetables consisted of a whole lot of onions and 2 pieces of broccoli. The sauce was lacking and there wasn't enough in the to go box. For the same price I could have whipped this up for me and the man & taste the same. I wanted to like, really I did. The rice was good!
My manfriend ordered Sweet & Sour Chicken HOWEVER the missed the main ingredient: Sweet & Sour Sauce. So here it was, deep fried chicken bits, no sauce = Angry manfriend. He is on his way back to the restaurant now to pick up a side of sauce so he can enjoy his meals at lunch today... 
I hate writing bad reviews but I also hate disappointing weekend meals with my love. I recommend Chef Irvine and his amazing team at Restaurant Impossible show some face and redo this menu. I can't speak of the ambiance as we did not dine in but it is a BYOB (PLUS)!I have walked by this place several times on my way home from the library (you remember those, Wikipedia in paper form).  I finally gave in and ordered takeout.  The boneless ribs were tasty. This is tasty from a man who hasn't spit out any food since he was 2 years old. :)
I would order from here again.They get 2 stars for the crispy general tsos chicken. They lose 3 stars for customer service and for taking 30 minutes to make it.ordered take-out on a Sunday night.  we were quoted a 30 minute delivery window - an hour later (on the button) our food showed up.
we ordered a large won ton soup, friend rice, and general tso's chicken (of the options for mild, regular and spicy the boyfriend chose SPICY).
the won tons were mostly pastry, not a lot of filling.
the fried rice was disgustingly greasy (inedible)
the general tso's was NOT spicy at all.  the boyfriend has a high tolerance for spices, so when he complained there was no kick to his meal i didn't believe him.  however, i tried it (and hate spicy foods or anything with heat) and thought it was bland.
will not be ordering from here again.Delivery took a little longer than expected, but then again I was just really hungry (could be biased). As far as chinese food places go, i guess the delivery time was standard. 
We ordered General Tso's chicken, Shrimp Mei Fun, Crab Rangoon, 2 egg rolls and a Boston roll. The General Tso's was delicious, more sweet than spicy and not very sticky.. which isn't my preference but it was still good. Quality pieces of chicken. The Shrimp Mei Fun was good too.. i really liked the rice noodles and they gave a generous portion of shrimp. The crab rangoon was great too- a little on the tiny side but the filling was good. Egg rolls were standard, good crust. The Boston rolls tasted fresh and the wasabi smelled strong like it was just made. 
Overall it was good, I'd order again- the Chinese fare is slim around here and for the price, this hit the spot.Just moved to the area and didn't know where I could get the best Chinese until I found this place. I ordered once for delivery and the next day for take out. Both turned out to be positive experiences! 
Day 1: General Tso's Chicken and General Tso's Shrimp. Both yummy and the chicken actually tasted different than usual....and then I noticed that it tasted like the chicken I pull out of my freezer...REAL CHICKEN! Haha. Super fast delivery also. They had me from then on.
Day 2: Beef and Broccoli and Shrimp Fried Rice. I wasn't disappointed. Everything was fresh and tasty.
This is my new favorite place for Chinese. Tad bit expensive but my bf and I think it's worth it:)When I first walked in, the lady at the check out area was being yelled at by a customer and I believe she took it very well. However she also turned out to be our server and ended up just talking to use the entire time about the situation and getting upset all over again. Unprofessional. Secondly, the food isn't that great. I ordered tofu with my meal and it was very mushy and there was no flavor. My husband did not like his food either. Lastly, it doesn't appear to be too clean. I do not recommend this place.Ordered from grub hub. Surprisingly good! The sushi appetizer was impressive quality wise but a tad on the small side. The tuna tar tar was amazing. The rest of our dishes were delicious and above average. I'll definitely order from here again!Idk what these people are saying but... This place was fast and the food is generously above average!
We ordered the House Maki Sushi roll ($7) Beef Lo Mein (5.50) and the General Tsos Chicken Dinner platter (came with an egg roll and soup or salad) (9)
The sushi was fresh and yummy! I even took a picture with it! But the picture doesn't do it justice! The General Taos was a little spicy, a little sweet and the dough was crunchy! The Beef Lo Mein was.. Lacking a little bit of soy sauce (but I like things with extra salt so.. It's probably normal) but it was good and not so oily like I was anticipating ! 
Over all, I give it a 4 star review! Maybe you guys just ordered on a wrong day..This was our first time ordering from here.  We ordered two of the dinner specials (chicken w/ broccoli and garlic chicken).  The specials come with soup or salad, egg roll, fried rice and entree and for under $10 are a deal and a half.  The wonton soup was good and the garlic chicken excellent.  Delivery was lightning quick.  Definitely will order from here again.Food is ok but overpriced. I regretted getting the Udon, it was bland, expensive and the portion was small.The food is good for the price -both sushi and other dishes. I tried the spicy tuna roll and thought it was awesome. The shrimp tempura roll and the chicken fried rice were okay - not my favorite, but like I said, fair price. Their delivery was super quick too! I'll order from here again.I gave this place a 5 star rating a couple of weeks ago. This second time was not as successful. I thought the steamed shrimp dumplings were tasteless. The pineapple chicken was sweet  and sour chicken. The problem was that it was sitting in a huge pool of neon colored red sauce which made the chicken soggy. It would have been much better to put the sauce in a separate container so the chicken would stay crisp and a person could use as much or as little as they choose to. I will say that the roast pork lo mein was delicious.  I was glad I ordered the large.
I will order from them again,  but not the pineapple chicken,  or the dumplings.
I didn't know my first review would be removed.  So, just for the record, the won ton soup, General Tso's Chicken and beef with broccoli were all excellent and I will definitely order those items again.The calamari tempura is sooooo good. And that tempura sauce, OMG...no words to explain. I usually order that with the dynamite roll & get extra tempura sauce in lieu of the soy sauce for dipping. Always fresh, always tasty & they deliver.I ordered for the first time using the yelp ordering, it was fast and super easy. The food was delivered fast, it arrived very well packaged. The food was nicely prepared and presented.  We ordered egg foo young, steamed dumplings, Singapore mei fun and a Boston maki roll, everything was delicious and fresh, I will definitely order again.This was my first time ordering from this place and it is, honestly, the best Chinese place I've found since being in Philadelphia. I ordered Shrimp Lo Mein, Steamed Shrimp Dumplings, and Shrimp Rolls. All of the food was delicious! Definitely a new favorite of mine!I finally got to go to Cho Cho San & it was fabulous! I successfully ordered and ate Beef Negimaki for the first time since 2008 & it was delicious. Our order was for takeout, which took a little over 30 mins to prepare for us to pick up. 
Once we left we received a phonecall from the lady at the front, since I'd forgotten my credit card! Very kind of her if you ask me. It wouldve taken me
Days to notice. 
The cost was on point for what we received.
Love Cho Cho San! For now my heart will listen.The sushi was good, the cooked food SUCKED SO BAD...I have been ordering from this place for a while, and have seen the quality of their food drop tremendously over the last year. Sadly my most recent order from them were two sushi rolls. The rice was stale and the avocado was bad, with dark spots all over. I called them assuming it was an honest mistake, and their response was -"Its the way it came. Did you taste it? Does it taste bad? You should be fine it's just dark spots." It goes without saying, I will no longer be ordering from them.I'm very picky when it comes to Chinese food. Most places fry up balls of batter, dice it in sauce and call it "chicken". This is where Cho Cho San separates themselves from the mainstream garbage. Quality white meat sesame chicken never fails to disappoint. They could fill the container a little more though!We dined in and had fast courteous service. The food was hot and of good quality. They gave us focus even though the delivery business was crazy busy and we were the only ones dining in.
The other reviews were either an anomaly or the restaurant has improved.
I would come again..My husband and I actually weren't intending to have dinner at Cho Cho San last night but due to an issue at another local establishment, we found ourselves there. We've gotten take out and delivery from Cho Cho San a ton of times. It was actually when I've picked up the delivery and peeked in, that my curiosity to dine-in was piqued. 
The dining room was painted a shade of bright green and was both warm and inviting. Unfortunately the temperature was also a little warm but not overly uncomfortable. 
I happily ordered the maki combo with a tuna, Alaska and California rolls. Not the most exciting but I like having the variety of maki rolls. It also came with soup and salad. My husband got the Chicken teriyaki bento box that came with dumplings, a California roll (which they allowed him to sub a cucumber roll for), rice, an orange and obviously the chicken. This came with soup and salad as well.
We were the only people in the dining room for about 75% of the meal and the service was very attentive- as one would hope with some few diners. There was a lot of pick-up traffic and I could hear one of the employees on the phone constantly taking orders. Every time a different employee walked by they asked how we were doing. Possibly a little over the top, but it was a nice gesture.
The meal itself was very solid. Nothing fancy but it was quality and exactly what we were looking for.  Added bonus that its BYOB and they have coupons in the money mailer. We will continue to support their delivery, pick up and now dine-in capabilities.Most non-fancy sushi restaurants are doing these deals these days, so the competition and review rating is definitely getting stiffer!
Vic's was the original 3 rolls for $10 deal. Now it seems everyone is doing it.
Cho Cho San has 3 rolls , Spicy tuna, Alaskan and California roll + tiny miso soup (seriously tiny.. see picture)  + salad for $14.95+ tax. The sushi are maki rolls, so it comes out to 6 pieces per roll. Sushi was relatively fresh, no complaints here. 
The miso soup was good, but so small! I've never seen it served in such a small bowl before. 
The salad was pretty bad, one of the worst I've had :( The sauce didn't seem fresh. I poured it out, and it was separated. Some oil, and a different colored dressing. 
Free delivery for orders over $15 though1 star for the relatively quick delivery, another for the solid hot and sour soup.
Ordered the chicken with garlic sauce. The portion was huge and on first glance, it looked very good. The dish was very disappointing and bland. It just seemed like chicken and vegetables in a salty, but flavorless brown sauce. 
Will probably order again at some point to see if the Japanese food and basic Chinese noodle type dishes make this place worthy of ordering from again.I received a menu at my place of business in December. This past Saturday was the first time we ordered delivery. I ordered the Sushi Bento box and my co-worker ordered the shrimp tempura. 
Delivery didn't take too long but the delivery person waited outside and looked around.  I had to go out and get the guy. I opened up my food and saw my sushi. I said "this is really disappointing." The fish quality is good but the rice was just regular cooked rice. Sushi rice is usually mixed with some vinegar and sugar. But this was plain rice out of the rice cooker. I would not recommend sushi from this place. The dumplings that came with the order was good. The miso soup was good but came in a super small container. Not even the small soup size containers. So imagine small containers from whole foods. lol. Oh, let me not forget they put a slice of orange as part of the decoration. Now that was the best part. A tiny slice of sweetness.
Oh, the container for the bento box was aluminum. So, it made the food look cheap and not so good. For $11.95 and just serving size food, I would not order Japanese from a Chinese take out again. lol.
My co-worker said her food was ok. She had the shrimp tempura. No compliants from her.My friends and I have been looking for a go-to Chinese delivery place for a while now. We've tried several over the years. Most places, we have to ask if they deliver to Fairmount before ordering, so it was awesome to see that Cho Cho San was nearby and had some decent reviews. We ordered via Seamless web which made getting our individual orders right very easy. 
Ok, let's talk about the food. The Hot and Sour Soup was awesome. The Mongolian Beef had a wonderful, flavorful sauce and was just the right amount of spiciness for me (which may be a bit too much for some). The Pork Fried Rice was likewise just right. And Pork Lo-Mein very yummy as well. Three for three on the entrees.
There was one disappointment and that was the egg rolls. They were slightly overdone and seemed to be more shell than filling. If they could fill those up more and fry them slightly less time it would be perfect.
All around, I'd say we finally found our go-to Chinese delivery.I love eating out at restaurants and I also love getting deliver.  I usually get delivery almost every other day.  Cho Cho San caught my eye on grubhub initially because of no delivery fee.  They have both Chinese food and some Japanese food.  Of course the food is going to be Americanized, as you can see some previous reviews complaining about the General Tso's.  Anyways, though this place may not have the BEST dish for certain types, they generally make good quality.  If it is supposed to be crispy (ie walnut shrimp or soft shell crab), then it is crispy.  
The delivery is very fast.  The delivery person is always courteous.  There is much variety and the food does not arrive cold.  The soups always also arrive hot.  This place is great and I will continue ordering from them.All I ordered was cold sesame noodles and an egg roll. Seems hard to disappoint. The egg roll was good, but teeny tiny. Unfortunately the cold noodles were 80% lettuce and carrots and 20% noodles. The container wasn't even full. Not worth it.alleluia. chinese food comes to fairmount! i noticed them on my way downtown last week and have already ordered chinese twice. 
you can always tell a good chinese delivery place by their dumplings. cho cho san passed the test with a very thin and delicate vegetable dumpling. not the doughy ones most joints serve. soups were good. kung pow (spelling?) and sesame chicken are both quite good. thats all i have had so far. 
i have not eaten the sushi. although my sister says the place they also own and operate up in montgomeryville has killer sushi.You really can't beat free delivery! This restaurant is four stars for an Americanized Chinese place. Shame on you if you go here and expect the authenticity of Chinatown! This is meant to be the equivalent of what you find in the suburbs - what Americans want at a decent price point and without too much attention to detail. 
We like the general tso's chicken because it has large pieces of white meat chicken, not some Tyson frozen prebreaded crap. The fried rice is tasty. 
The egg rolls don't have much flavor. The soups are a bit gloopy and inconsistent from visit to visit. I can't comment on Japanese options. 
Food is a three and a half, service is a four and a half, total score is a four. The best part is that it's super convenient to order online and the food is quickly delivered to you!Delivery came 15 minutes later than the driver said. Sushi was sub par and udon noodles were a disappointment. Not terrible, but not good either, wouldn't recommend.Astonishingly bad Chinese food. Not only was my order incorrect and took longer than anticipated, it was literally the worst Chinese food I've ever had. I can only speak to the beef with broccoli and fried rice but truly, depressingly bad.My wife and I have ordered from here a few times.  We have ordered delivery and also dined in once.  Their food isn't great, but it isn't awful.  For their entrees, you do get a good amount of food for what you pay.  Some dishes are okay, others are just awful.  Their sushi isn't that good and not a good value.  They charge the same price as other local delivery sushi places, yet their rolls are extremely small and you don't get a lot of fish.  I grew up with home-cooked Chinese food, so I'll admit I'm a bit more picky (just think of Italians who dine at Olive Garden). After a few tries, we just weren't impressed and no longer order from Cho Cho San.This was one of my worst experiences with take out and I'm sorry I didn't just cook.  Delivery took almost an hour despite the fact we live 3 blocks from the place (it was 15 degrees hence my not venturing out).  I asked for eggplant in garlic sauce with tofu and spicy. It was not the least bit spicy and no tofu.  The portions were super small and you practically needed a microscope to see the egg roll.  To top off a really disappointing meal...THERE WERE NO FORTUNE COOKIES.  That was the final straw.  We will never order from there again, I prefer Long a River.Great steamed shrimp dumplings, but didn't really care for the tuna tartar.  Great House Special Mei Fun noodles though!!  Good flavor, and not greasy.  
Great takeout spot!Ordered delivery from here last night for the first time.  It arrived on time, nice and hot.  I didn't have very high expectations for take out chinese, but it was pretty bad.  I ordered the General Tso's Bean Curd, because it had 4 out of 5 starts on foodler.  What I got was a bunch of tofu that was so oily and covered in so much grease it was pretty much inedible to me.  I was hoping for more veggies, there were like 2 pieces of broccoli.  The sauce itself was not bad, but I could not take that skin on the tofu so I ended up scraping most of the skin off and tossing it.  Maybe next time I'd be better off just ordering broccoli with garlic sauce or something.
I also got an order of the veggie steamed dumplings, which were very doughy and fell apart, and had literally no flavor at all.  After trying a few dumplings and a few scraps of tofu I put it all back in the fridge to be saved for later, but I know that it'll end up getting thrown out... I very much lost my appetite after those few bites.
The white rice I got on the side was the only thing worth eating... I scooped it into the sauce from the tofu and it was pretty good.
I will try this place again, and definitely order something else.This place has great noodle dishes. My boyfriend always gets house something and each time it is loaded with veggies and meat. 
The walnut shrimp was okay, but it was presented on a bed of shredded iceberg, which got soggy and was hard to pick out by the time it got here. If there was no lettuce I would have been happy.
Yummy crab rangoons.WORST PLACE EVER!!!! Horrible everything from the worst customer service I have ever had to deal with to their disgusting food. Seriously wish I could get my money back.I've ordered delivery from here twice.  The first time I got mei fun and some crab rangoon.  The mei fun was exceptionally good - not very salty, a lot of veg, and overall tasty.  The crab rangoon was not to my liking, however.  It's really sweet, which is not appealing to me and is not what I've experienced in crab rangoon in the past.
Second time I ordered, I got veg lo mein.  Again, the noodle dish was really tasty.  However, my stomach was not in agreement with my taste buds.  I would've given this place a higher rating and potentially even ordered from there more, however, if there's one thing I cannot tolerate from a restaurant - it's getting an extremely upset stomach from their food.  I'm being generous by giving the second star, thinking that my experience may have been fluke.
Will not be ordering from there again.Shocked by these poor reviews. I have ordered from them at least 10 times and every order has been good to great. The delivery service is fast and free (although one of the drivers sort of creeped us out thus the 4-star rating). We have tried multiple items off the sushi menu and the chinese menu. Awesome shrimp and snow peas (i order it spicy) and my kids love the General tso's chicken.I can only speak for the Chinese food because that's what I ordered. I got the Singapore style mei fun and it hit the spot. It's nothing too fancy but there's plenty of flavor in the dish - shrimp, egg, pork, chicken, onion, bean sprout, etc stir fried with thin rice noodles in a curry sauce that gives it a savory flavor with a kick (although I added siracha for good measure because I love my spice). I am SO THANKFUL that the shrimp did not taste fishy as that's happened multiple times to me whenever I've ordered it stir fried at other establishments. The pork and chicken were a bit dry but the dish itself is a rather dry dish (sauce is cooked right into the noodles and rest of the ingredients) so it was fine. It was a big portion and although I would expect to pay less in Chinatown for the same dish, this place was in a bit of a fancier area so I'm not too upset about the pricing. 
My friends got sushi (basic philadelphia roll - don't think you can really go wrong with that) and also some other Chinese platters like the beef he fun and fried rice. I didn't try either but both looked good and my friends expressed satisfaction. I'd say if you're craving takeout around the area, this might be worth if you grab some Chinese food but I'd still recommend you go to Chinatown to get food at the same quality but lower price!I was going to give this delivery the benefit of the doubt because I am in South Philly and they are up on Spring Garden and I understand the travel will degrade the freshness a bit  - but my food was so terrible that it had to be terrible before it got in the car and made the trek to my home.
The tuna was NOT FRESH - it smelled really fishy and the taste packed twice that.  There was some kind of oily watery mess at the bottom of the takeout with my tuna sashimi and it was unappetizing and I gave up after trying one slice.  I can still smell fish even after closing both of the containers and putting them back in the bag.  I've eaten a lot of sushi in my life and have never experienced this.
My crab rangoon was completely cold - I'm confident it sat for awhile before it even got in the car because there was not a bit of warmth  even after ripping them all open to feel the center for SOMETHING.  Again - I didn't expect them to be stellar given the distance but I did not expect them to be this disappointing.
There's something off about the salad dressing - even with a little shake before pouring it was separated and did not have the right taste or texture of the typical salad that goes with sushi - but I can tell that's what they were going for because it was disgustingly sweet.
All in all, a complete waste of $27.Gotta love cho cho san.  This is me and my lady go to place for lunch when craving Chinese. The chicken isn't chewy mystery meat like other places and I love that you can do online delivery (the best for lunch). The portions are good for the price and their prices are pretty average for a Chinese restaurant.Ordered delivery on a Sunday night which took just over an hour. Moo shu pork was good, though portions are small for the price. Not great, not horribleI ordered shrimp lo mein which tasted good but was too greasy - I'll try again but request less oil used. the tempura was kinda ok. Afraid to try the sushi - how fresh can the fish be at this place? From looking at other reviews, it depends on what you order from Cho Cho San. Shrimp dumplings seem to get good reviews. I'll order that next time. This place is better than the one that used to occupy this spot, and better than other chinese close by.It was ready fast and staff very friendly. Standard chicken and garlic. Not bad. Not great.It's not bad. That's probably what I can say about this place. I've only been here once, and perhaps what I ordered wasn't a speciality or commonly ordered dish. I was going food shopping and the first rule of food shopping is to never do it hungry. So, prior to going to whole foods I ducked into here to grab a bite.
I ordered the mapo tofu. It wasn't bad. It was tofu, carrots, peas, and syrup. There was a bit too much salt. I tried to eat as much rice as possible to lessen the salt content of it, but yeah.... It was different. It wasn't exactly my favorite version of it ever. It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't order it again. I would probably try something different. Maybe sushi or something japanese, but I wanted something cheaper before I went shopping. 
I would definitely go back because there just are not that many decent chinese places around here. It wasn't horrible, just wasn't a great dish of mapo.Pretty expensive for what it is- basic asian dishes and specials. Egg roll was alright, hot and sour soup was pretty good though. The beef lo mein tastes pretty much exactly like the half-priced counterparts at bullet-proof glass chinese shops all over Philly, this restaurant just happens to also have expensive maki, sashimi, and sushi.I ordered 4 items from the menu on a Monday at 6:16pm, and did not receive my order until 7:55pm. Once the food came though, it was almost worth the wait. We got fried dumplings, vegetable chow main and shrimp lo main. All of the food was hot and delicious. I would definitely order from this restaurant again, but order either well before I'm hungry, or pick-up instead of having it delivered.Edit, I just got an order that was bland as wood and it had the spicy level of wood... I asked for 2nd most spiciest option. 
It also came with a goddamn bug. http://i.imgur.com/BvQsrVx.jpg
They used to be a good restaurant. This happened 6/18/15. The below 5 star review was written 12/2/12. 
------------------------------------------------------------
Great service, great food, great time!
I'm a picky eater.  I don't like onions or mushrooms. I asked the waitress if the chicken with garlic sauce had onions, she said "I'll just tell them not to put onions in it." and then I asked about mushrooms... left them out too. It might not seem like a big deal, but when you live your life picking things out, it's a nice perk to have a restaurant that cares. 
Even without taking that into consideration, the food was great and the waitress was lovely. 
This is a great place to eat, I highly recommend it.This was $6.75 ?! 
I think they're over priced for mediocre food. 
I wouldn't recommend their food. Maybe I just tried something that tasted bad. Read more reviews before making your decision.It will do. Should I just leave it at that? This is in the building I also happen to work in and it is super convenient so, I repeat, it will do.
Recently I ordered cold sesame noodles and this is what I received - a glob of noodles with a glob of sauce on top. Not exactly what I am used to.
I've also ordered the teriyaki tofu and just like a previous reviewer said, it is terrible! Too many onions and something was off. I ended up with a headache afterwards.
I'm slowly learning to just focus on the chinese menu and learn to appreciate fried rice.Everyone who knows me knows I'm not leaving my house during an Eagles game.
So when I had an extreme craving for sushi, foodler showed me this place. Due to the reviews I normally wouldn't have ordered from here but the lack of sushi delivery in Philly is real... and I was desperate. So I ordered.
The positive part about this experience was delivery. I easily live 20 mins away from the restaurant and my delivery was at my house in less than 40 minutes. That's pretty damn fast.
They had a min order of $15 but delivery was free. I figured that wasn't a bad deal considering it was sushi delivery. I'm greedy so I ordered a bunch of food including 2 different rolls (Chef special roll and Godzilla roll), wonton soup, shrimp roll and pork fried rice. I was pleasantly surprised with the sushi, it was fresh, flavorful and packaged well enough. Now don't say there wasn't anything positive in this review.
Everything else? Below sub par.
Borderline terrible, actually. 
The wonton soup broth tasted (and looked) like tinted water and the wontons were extremely small. So mostly what you got out of this was warm water.
Size must be something they lack here because my shrimp roll was also the tiniest shrimp roll I've ever had in my life. I don't even think an actual normal sized shrimp would even fit in it, but my friends tell me I exaggerate quite often. The pork fried rice was all rice and tiny bits of pork here and there. And the rice was yellow. Something about yellow Chinese rice that screams freezer bag rice to me. Or was it the typical carrot/onion/peas mixture that was the giveaway? Hmmm.
Will I be returning here? No, because if I were to ever be in the area I know of better sushi places which would make this place null and void. I definitely would not recommend ordering, as the food is seriously lacking in so many areas and really overpriced for the portion sizes.
So for roughly $40 for delivery this was the worst delivery I ever had. I sat the wonton soup out for my cat and even she had a few licks of the broth and passed on it. With each bite of my bag fried rice I came closer to the realization that I could have had a Chinese feast had I went to my local store. I imagined that I spent the afternoon gorging on Hawaiian pizza, cheesy bread and boneless wings at Domino's. Or at a quality happy hour. Or had a nice bottle of wine. I could have been at the strip club stuffing 40 singles into various g-strings. Put simply, I just need more satisfaction out of my money. Something that Cho Cho San is apparently just not willing to give.The woman behind the desk / register is always pissed for no reason, it's almost like the food she's eating at this place pisses her off...good luck with asking her for some hot tea, she'll be pissed because she has to microwave the tea.Order Information
2 $5.00
Gatorade
Orange
1$13.45
General Tso's Chicken
Plain Fried Rice
Items Subtotal:
$18.45
Delivery Fee:
$0.00
Sales Tax:
$1.48
Tip:
$2.99
Total:
$22.92
I got the general Tso's chicken and Plain Fried Rice.  With a base price of $13.45 I thought that the food was going to be either really delicious, or there was going to be a lot of it. Most places will do the General Tso's combo for $7.50 AND you get an egg roll. The food itself wasn't bad. I think it was middle of the road as far as General Tso's combo's go.  The rice was very greasy. In a sense it was what fried rice should be. But just be warned if you are the type that blot's your pizza for grease then you won't care for the rice. I liked the rice, I even liked the chicken but not for 13.45 before tax and tip.  1 star.   I'm giving another star because they delivered during the Blizzard, which many places wouldn't do that.  If you are looking for Sushi or Japanese food from Cho Cho San then I can't comment, but if you are looking for a General Tso's Combo do NOT order from here, you will be disappointed in the value.I find the food consistently tasty ... a favorite lunch spot for a lot of us at work nearby. Usually we just stop in and pick up and the food is ready 10 minutes after ordering. I haven't sampled a lot of the menu because I'm stuck on the House Special Mei Fun, way more than I should eat in a single sitting, but once I start ...
Well, Yelp just notified me that I hadn't completed this review. Just to finish, had a really bad experience with their sushi and their response to it ... not too long after, they closed. Ah well.We got delivery for two. It was on time, hot, and yummy. This is our new go-to Chinese food in the neighborhood!