Ate here for the second time (since it became Chops), for a company dinner last week.
The hosts were incredibly welcoming and brought over extra chairs for our growing group as we waited near the bar for everyone in our party to arrive. We had a private dining room upstairs (the place is surprisingly huge!), which was nice albeit a tight squeeze with the oversized chairs.
We had a fixed menu, from which I chose the Baby Iceberg (with bacon and Gorgonzola), Goat Cheese Gnocchi, and Chocolate Cake. Our table also shared generous portions of the Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail and Cheesesteak Spring Rolls for appetizers and mashed potatoes and creamed spinach for sides. Most of our table got the Filet Mignon; a couple people got the lamb.
Awesome: Creamed spinach; shrimp cocktail 
Meh: Chocolate cake (disappointingly dry); mojito (just ok)
Service was excellent!  Our large party was well taken care of, and everyone's dishes (meats, etc) were prepared to their preference. The food is kind of average, to be honest...nothing to write home about. But overall, there were no complaints.I've been to this restaurant twice. The 1st time was Valentine's Day 2/2015. I ordered the sea scallops and spinach and my date ordered the sea bass. Both were delicious! The 2nd time that I went was during restaurant week 8/2015. Again, I ordered the sea scallops and they were over cooked. My date ordered the Filet which had no flavor. We also ordered the calamari and salads which were not good. The waiter was unprofessional, not at all what I would expect from this caliber of restaurant. He was not familiar with the menu, forgot to put in the order for my side dishes and the wait time for my food was very long. The bartender was fun and entertaining. The atmosphere was quaint and intimate. Wish the food was better. Outside area was closed but wish I could have experienced it.I can't speak to dinner only appetizers as it's a good bar to meet people, great atmosphere except it is pricey.  Crowd is hit or miss.  Appetizers are good but offering limited.  
Bar service is overall good.I keep trying.  I'm not a regular Yelp reviewer so this review will disappear. I've probably been her 6 or 7 times, and it just doesn't get better. The food is bland, the drinks are so-so, the bartenders have no personality, and the space is sterile. It's convenient, and I want it to be good.  But it really never is. It just doesn't feel like anyone ever cares about the experience.  I guess that's what comes from having a built-in corporate crowd upstairs. If you're looking for a good dining experience in Philadelphia - keep looking.  There are way to too many better places on town.I came here with my girlfriend last week for Happy Hour. The prices were anything but Happy Hour prices, but the wine selection and food were top notch. Plus, there's nothing better than sitting outside with drinks on a lovely summer evening. We both had a Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc for our beverages of choice. The Chard was crisp and fragrant while the Sauvignon Blanc was fruity and subtley sweet. The waiter presented each bottle to us and made excellent recommendations. We shared the hummus plate which is was delicious. Sea salt lavash, fresh hummus, feta, olives, sundried tomato, carrots, and cucumber/roasted red peppers. It was flavorful and filling yet light. The service was top notch as the managers were always walking around the ensure satisfaction. I can't wait to go back.Wonderful team there! Super attentive and sincerely friendly! Good menu and amazing pretzel rolls...! Definitely will be back.If you want to feel pampered, this is probably the place to go.
It was my first time dining at this restaurant, and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.
Rory served me today,  and he is the epitome of an excellent server.
I'm very happy to say that I will be returning!I had lunch here with a colleague a few weeks back and it was terrible on all fronts - food, staff and price. First, the food, I got some variation of a chicken cobb salad that was terrible, the entire salad was coated in a mayo-like dressing, the chicken was terrible quality and I had to spit out about six to seven pieces of gristle and fat and put them on my bread plate. The bacon was basically raw. I still cringe thinking about it. The waiter was annoying and awkward. And after all that it was over 50 dollars for two salads and two iced teas. Thinking about it, it was the worst "high-end" dining experience I have had in Philadelphia, by a long shot. Just terrible.Never new this brilliant gem was hiding off JFK Blvd. A friend and I dined there for the first time. We are both in the event industry. She is a planner and I am a designer. We serve top tier clients in the Philly Market. We're a good litmus test of service, food and cocktails. It's our job 24/7. I'm still trying to find something negative...But I can't. They didn't have Hendrix Gin. So the manager is getting it so my friend will have the drink she loves upon return. Service is beyond fabulous. She had salmon, I the Bronzino. They did it perfect. The shaved citrus fennel crab salad that accompanied the Bronzino was beyond refreshing and brilliant. Even the decor was thoughtful and just enough to be stylish but not overbearing. Our waiter Tim was like an old friend by the time we left. Looking forward to taking my clients there for lunch. Awesome!!When we chose this place for restaurant week, I didn't realize the indoor restaurant had just opened this week! It's beautiful inside. We made a reservation, and didn't have to wait at all to be seated. The staff was so friendly. I always order a few things and split with my roommates, and everything we had was delicious. My favorites were the calamari app, the scallops, and the apple pie. I'd like to go back to check out the outdoor area!The service at the bar is Horrible !!! Everyone has a very bad attitude!! First and last night at this place.  To many great places to dine in Philadelphia !!I walked into Chops and sat at the bar 10 minutes ago. As I am writing this review, I am waiting for the bartender to at least acknowledge my presence.  He has attended to other patrons and also washed several glasses. It wasn't until my colleague gestured to him that he offered me a menu. I am starving and would have loved to get something to eat, but I will spend my money elsewhere. I hope that the next patron that arrives gets better service.The restaurant was very nice, and the service was excellent.  I've only been once so I can't judge the whole menu, obviously.  But, avoid the chicken parm.  The chicken was like an On-Cor frozen meal and the sauce was like sweet tomato soup.  My friend who works in the building seems to like the restaurant.  So, I'm hoping I just had a one off meal...This place was amazing!!!! Steak was perfectly cooked. Totally worth the money. Went for restaurant week and I'll definitely be back. The chocolate cake with bourbon ice cream was unreal.Awful, Awful, Awful service... ice cold food, the waiter could not describe one dish, the pork chop and salmon had to be sent back because of the taste and presentation. All of the food came out at different times. They forgot my appetizer, and the sides came out 20 minutes after we ate our meals!!!! It was a total nightmare! Our bill came to $600 for 4 adults and 3 babies. We complained about the terrible service, which we really had every right to and the manager comped 2 side dishes totaling 14 dollars!!! He said he was sorry that we were unhappy. We left in tears..it was a Tuesday night and the place was empty..there was no excuse for this type of service. The only highlight of this place was the veal chop. Otherwise, I urge you to go somewhere where the service and food are up to par and you don't waste your money on a sad excuse for a chophouse.Chops was Amazing! The 16oz bone in filet was perfect. Their infusion cocktails were delicious (had the pineapple strawberry). Can't wait to go back.Visiting Philly from out of town & Steve & his staff made us feel SO welcomed. Aside from the food being absolutely incredible (we ordered the filet mignon & roasted garlic mashed potatoes) our waiter Kerwin was so friendly & told us about interesting places around the area. Even though we were the last people in the restaurant (even keeping them a little later than they closed!) they never made us feel rushed even once. The owner even took care of our dessert since it was my boyfriend's birthday!! Could not have dreamed of a more wonderful experience in the heart of center city... Will definitely be back next time we are in town! Thank you!Service is very attentive.  Drinks were strong and well mixed.  The salmon entree was delicious.  Sadly, I have to take off a star because the first time I ordered the salmon it was perfectly cooked, but when I ordered it at dinner it was a little dry and overcooked.  I would also have enjoyed slightly bigger portions for the price.  Great location for a business lunch or dinner.I ate here a couple weeks ago for lunch. I was very impressed with the selection of pickled veggies available on the table when we were seated and the rolls provided are actually pretzels filled with cheese - can't beat that! I ordered the special of the day which was red snapper on top of zoodles. Was pretty good, only complaint was that the fish had a ton of little bones in it and even some scaled left on it, not what you would expect on a filet and really annoying for a lunch meeting when you don't want to be picking bones out of your mouth. A couple bones is totally understandable, but this was around 20 and it was a filet not a whole fish. For the price, just expected a better cut. Service was great though.My friend and I decided to go put for a couple glasses of wine and a dinner we decided to come here. I ordered a ceasar salad and crab cake. My friend ordered a special which was tilapia. The crab cake was delicious. I had a few bites of my friends tilapia it was so good!! Our waiter was very nice and sweet. We will definitely come back!I have been there twice.  That being said, I waited for the second time to give a review.  I should say everyone has been nice although they are constantly apologizing for the kitchen. 
The food is very average although not bad.  The first time my dish came out a solid 5 minutes after the rest of my table (salmon, which was overcooked) and too much oil on the spinach.  
Second time the food was again very average (especially for $15 price point at lunch).  I had the crab cake which was fine but small.  They didn't serve enough rolls for people at the table, when asked if they had another they said they were baking them... they never came.  It took 3 cups to get me a clean cup for coffee, this was at the direction of the waiter not me (so you know I wasn't sending stuff back complaining)... so there is that. 
Nice people most act like they haven't worked in a restaurant before.  They need to iron out the kinks but god help them when they open inside and need to run both sides of the restaurant.  
I won't comment on the location as it mostly caters to business lunches and the exact same venue existed for Table 31 so not really their claim to fame. 
Good Luck ChopsI came here with my girlfriends on Valentine's day last year. We didn't have a reservation, we just walked in and were seated right away. The gentleman at the door who greeted us was very warm and welcoming. The vibe is very stylish yet elegant. It was a really nice experience.  The service was great, our waiter was fantastic! He had a great personality, he was very attentive and helpful. We had the iced jumbo shrimp, crispy calamari and I think we all got the filet mignon for our main course. The  roasted garlic mashed potatoes were SO GOOD!! I've never had mashed potatoes that amazing. We had a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon, I don't remember what we had for dessert but everything was really good. I'm sure I'm leaving things out- I'm kind of late with this review but I recommend this spot for sure!Horrible service, over priced, not very good food. Server Ed acted crabby that we were there, he rushed the ordering, picking up salad forks and rolls as soon as we ordered. I was using mine for the pickles and green tomatoes on the table, he whisked both away. Didn't bother to mentioned no refills on iced tea, etc so i was charged $7 for two glasses of teas. My$18 cheesesteak didn't seem to have any cheese on it. Meat very overdone. Only side offered as fries. Plate was just an over toasted roll and a plop of meat, few onions and mushrooms. No garnish or condiments. Had a far superior sandwich in a small town in western PA. He rushed our meal trying to take my plate before I was half done. Asked if we wanted dessert then complained if we did it would make it hard to do separate checks. There were 8 of us and only 4 checks. We lost our desire for dessert! We should have eaten at the food court below the building for a nicer time!Worst. Underwhelmed. Do NOT Go
Alright, where do I start? We had reservations at 7:30 however, we still had to wait 25 minutes to be seated. It was Valentine's Day so we were patient. We were seated upstairs which was nice since it was away from the bar. Our server (never told us his name) was rude. He made jokes when my boyfriend and I ordered champagne and asked why we didn't take it "as a shot"? Like what? 
Now onto the food. We were looking to do either the barrel cut or center cut, which ranged between $35-45. The server said they were out of that and read the specials. We chose the bone-in filet (since it was the closest thing to the other steaks we wanted) and I ordered it med. rare. We got the food, he did not wait for me to cut into it, and the steak was horrible. It was completely rare 3/4 of it (i.e. blood oozing out, chewy, horrible). Not the mention the amount of fat on the steak. A FILET WITH THAT MUCH FAT?! Lord.....Also, the server would take forever to check on our table and never watered the table. 
Onto the bill. When we got the check it was over $200! For what?! Oh, the "special" he failed to mention was $70!!!! WTF? Don't you think you'd mention that to a table if there was such a price jump or give us a paper handout with the prices? The reason this is even more shocking was because at the beginning of our meal he had offered wine by bottle or glass and was being very price savvy with us. He said, "don't get this vs. that because it's not worth the money". Interesting how he leaves the $70 shitty steak out of the picture. 
For Chops to pride themselves on being a steakhouse, the steak was the most disappointing part of the meal. I will say however the asparagus was cooked amazingly. Literally, the only thing I can compliment. 
Don't come here.Went here for sips. Their specialty cocktail was a cranberry pineapple vodka concoction.  I know it's sips, but I expected a little better.  It was premixed already and bartender served in a plastic cup filled above the rim with ice.  That's a lot of ice!  So if you exclude the ice, the drink so realistically a shot. And I mean a shot of juice - I couldn't taste any alcohol in it.
The outdoor patio is very cool, and the area for sips is great- outdoors, live DJ, good open space for the crowd. I wish I got to try the food, but there was nowhere open to sit.  It was that crowded.  
I'd come back to give the food a shot, but given the drink prices, I imagine the food could be pricey too. ($8/draft IPA)Met a colleague here for a meet up lunch. The place is perfectly located in the Comcast Tower on the ground floor. I parked one block up the street in a covered garage, $35.
Greeted at the door by a friendly hostess and a fellow who promptly took my coat. My colleague was a few minutes late and I was offered a glass of ice water.
The place is small I would say maybe 15 tables. Right on 17th Street with a good window view. Once my friend arrived we were seated and our server came right over and explained the offerings.
I got a steak salad. My friend got a Caesar. My salad was tasty but the meat was not very good. Lots of gristle, etc. I left most of the meat on the plate. I am a bit picky with beef and am not a fan of having to chew it a thousand times before swallowing it. So I did not. The greens and asparagus were good however. 
My friend's salad was unremarkable, according to him. 
Overall a basic, quick, business lunch type of place. Not fine dining at all. Nice ambiance and good service. Value unknown as my friend paid.
Mark.Walked in last night at 840 with clients and was told the kitchen was closed.  Will not give it another try. Went to Capital Grill...I eat out at least twice a week and, living close by, was waiting for Chops to open. It didn't need to be great -- just decent, convenient, comfortable and reliable. So I've now been in twice and, well, ... not really. The lighting is way too bright and stark. The bright decor is clean and modern, but not interesting or comfortable, with a lot of cold, open space when you come in. It needs something on the windows in the bar area - it's a bit creepy to stare in from outside and creepier to watch people staring in. The bar seats spill you forward and are very uncomfortable. The bartenders didn't seem friendly, knowledgeable or helpful. A poor girl, possibly on her first night, didn't know how to make any of the listed drink specials, and no one seemed to know what brands they had or didn't have. Truffle oil popcorn is offered as a bar snack, and the smell pervades the bar area. I can't comment on the food, since I haven't stayed to eat any, but the prices seem high, and, after the steaks, the choices are limited. On both visits, I was hungry but couldn't find anything that interested me. The fellow next to me liked the calamari a lot, but on the plate it looked like it came from the diner down the street - a pile of fried breaded calamari on a plain white plate with a side bowl of marinara.  For the prices, the steaks should be great, but Philadelphia already has great steak places with more to offer. So, other than as a happy hour stop for folks on their way to a train, I don't see what purpose Chops serves. Maybe for drinks and snacks on the plaza in the summer, but otherwise it won't cut it for me.Went Friday for Happy Hour.  Didn't try the food.  Giving a 5 because the staff was so friendly.  The owner came over and said hello, bartenders were attentive and the ambience was great for an outside space.  This is the patio section only, the main inside restaurant doesn't open until later this year.  The space is covered so even if it rains you'd be protected.  Perfect place for a drink on a nice day.  Next time I'll try their food.Came by this place after a meeting I had across the street. What a find! Great prime steaks and a classy bar. I will be back when I am in town next month for sureCame here on Monday evening because it was located conveniently to my hotel. By far the worst meal I've had in years. Ordered the chicken which arrived at my table under cooked and bloody. I couldn't finish even half of it for fear of getting sick. The mushroom stuffing was soggy and lacked flavor. The garlic mashed potatoes were bland and resembled something from a box. Ordered the banana cream pie for dessert (because I was still hungry) and what I got resembled baby food in flavor and consistency. The only upside?  The staff was exceptional and the manager, after apologizing profusely for my meal, took the entree and dessert off the bill. It would be in the best interest of this restaurant to obtain a chef with cooking skills that can hold up to the excellent service of the waitstaff.We had a firm-wide happy hour here on Friday night. Despite how busy it was, the establishment was very accommodating of our large party and offered us excellent service. The bar area is very roomy, and the modern atmosphere is very appropriate for professional clientele. 
We enjoyed some pretty decent drinks and passed hors d'euvres, which included fried calamari, cheese steak spring roll bites, warm toasted bread, a cheeseboard with 4 cheese selections and condiments, and some pretty serious jumbo cocktail shrimps. 
While the food and drinks were not wildly creative and mind-blowing, Chops does provide a decent basic selection. I would probably not come here for a special dining occasion, but I would definitely recommend it as a strong happy hour spot for any of the businesses in the neighborhood.I must say the lower reviews of this restaurant should have been a warning. But I'm usually up for giving a business a chance. That was a mistake. The atmosphere was pleasant but oddly at 8pm on a Saturday they were very few tables with patrons. Should have been another red flag. Server was pleasant and apologetic as we pointed out multiple issues. Here's a short list of issues. Forgot drinks many times even being reminded. Remember early I stated they weren't busy. Brought entrées to table while excused at restroom so food sat unattended. Cleared items from table without asking if still in use. More than once had to replace. Food was ok at best. For these prices expected much more. Very bland food with little taste.  $60 NY strip was at best equal to a $15 at a dinner. I would never return. To top it off the only offered to cover one drink after forgetting it several times. If this were my establishment I would have really offered to correct or comp something more. All in all 4 of us, $360 wasted here. Don't give them the chance I did. You do better elsewhere.Stopped in for lunch with a client.  Ordered the chicken parm sandwich.  I took one bite and realized the chicken probably came out of the microwave.  It was also slightly cold, so I guess it could have used another 30 seconds in the appliance.  The roll had a nice enough texture with a heavy dusting of flour, which I guess was to mask the fact that the bread had no real flavor.  The fries were also cold.  The place looked pretty, though.This restaurant was very disappointing. The food was mediocre at best. I only gave it 2 stars because my server was decent and my drink was strong. Totally over rated restaurant otherwise. You would think a restaurant with a reputation for "quality" and sophistication would serve fish (Salmon) that was of the highest quality, wild caught perhaps and not the frankenfish it served up. I would not return or recommend this place. Take your money and find somewhere decent to enjoy real fine dining.Disappointing. Been waiting for this place to open for a while. The low voltage LED lights in the bar make you feel like you're in a morgue. Not to mention it's basically empty. I walked into the bar at 9:30pm on a Saturday night, there were 4 others in the room and I felt like I was putting off the bartender because he wanted to close and go home. Also said 'uh... I think the kitchen is closed'. Hey, I get it, long day, we all want to go home. But, you know, it's Saturday night and I'm waiting for my bf to get off the train from NYC and it's not 10 pm yet. WTH? 
So, Chops, please get a good PR firm to drum up a decent night time crowd of young professionals who will pay $42 a steak and $10 for hummus (?!) and get rid of these LED lights. You'll do much better. Consider calling Dish PR, she might be able to help you in that department.I love this place!  Exceptional food, drinks, and service. Go here and you will be happy! I also appreciated that it's not overly formal or stuffy.Didn't meet the expectations. Took a lot for the waiter to serve drinks and do their job despite being empty and no tables. Food was delicious and very well temperature wise but the service was not synonymous with the kind of class expectedFood was terrible service could have been better. They ran out of cowboy steak and porterhouse on vday‍‍. The manager did nothing to make up for the terrible food or even offer, also they ran out of bread and this was 8pm. I have been to many steaks house all over city center which are 5 stars and this by far has been the worst steakhouse ever. So many people around us are so unhappy with there food tonight. What a way to spend my dinner on vday.Great service. I went there twice and had the French onion soup and crab cake. The French onion soup was great a meal in itself. Crab cake was pretty good. I had the veal chop another night and it was fn wonderful, tender and cooked perfectly. Also had brussel sprouts which were very tasty. Pricy, but for what you get well worth it.This is a very good restaurant for lunch. It is a beautiful restaurant with a modern design and comfortable seating.  It is located at the Comcast Center in the heart of center city. The prices are decent for a fancy lunch. I came with three other people. For appetizers, we ordered the fried calamari and the Kobe beef sushi roll. The server was very attentive and brought us a basket of delicious looking rolls with butter. When we sat, there was a bowl in the center of the table with pickles, green tomatoes and radishes. I had a pickle and it was refreshing. I thought the veggies were a good touch. I didn't have any bread but was told it was delicious. 
The fried calamari was delicious. It was lightly fried along with slices of peppers, which I loved. The calamari was cooked perfectly. The marinara dipping sauce was also very tasty.  
The Kobe beef roll was good. It was a little weird, but the taste actually worked. Not sure I would get it again but everyone enjoyed it. There were eight big pieces. 
For dinner I ordered the salmon entree on the menu. The salmon was cooked perfectly.  The Brussel sprouts were delicious as well. The sauce on the salmon was very favorable.  It was also only $18. The portion was really good for the price.  I would definitely order it again. 
Two people at the table got the filet mignon cheesesteak with fries and really enjoyed it. The cheesesteak was not greasy and seemed to be cooked perfectly. The meat was not dry at all. The fries were skinny, but good. The fourth person got a chopped salad with chicken, and she really liked it. 
Overall, everyone had a good experience. All the food was good and the service was great. I would certainly come back.Went for lunch and had the goat cheese gnocchi.  Served in a beef broth it was a little different but I did enjoy my meal and if I were to go back I would have no problem ordering it again.  It is a little more expensive there for lunch.  It's nice and modern inside but I'm not sure if the meal prices are justified.Went here at 3 pm today post-Parade. Place is basically empty. Server was friendly but we tell him we would like food quickly. Get our apps and are finishing them, and he says, your food is ready, but I need to clear your appetizer plates. We quickly give him our plates. 25 min later, our entrees come. What happened to our food was ready?!  They "are known for our steaks". Really? Because my medium rare looks pretty close to medium well. I'm starving so I just eat a bite bc it would probably take longer for a new one. No manager visit. No offer to take it off the bill. As they clean up entrees, "would you like complimentary dessert?" We order three desserts. Only one is taken off the bill. And it was the less expensive one. Save yourself the trouble and go to Butcher and Singer instead.Came here for lunch with a co-worker. Lunch prices are affordable (~$15 pp). I got the chicken BLT, it was a huge sandwich so I was able to take home half for leftovers. I also got fries with the my order, but they were SUPER SOGGY and not palatable at all! Our service started off great, but then our waiter was much colder to us towards the end of our lunch, it was odd.We went to Chops (formerly Table 31) for Center City Sips yesterday evening. Upon arrival, we waited in line for about 20 minutes while the staff checked IDs and arbitrarily allowed people in. Our group of 4 was split up at the entrance because they allowed two of us in and then made our friends wait another ten minutes. So, being the team players that we are, we went to grab drinks for the group. We bypassed the cash only/warm beer/warm wine table and went to the main bar where things took a turn for the worst. (Not a typo. The WORST).
The bartender "working" the far right side of the bar was ignoring the people waiting patiently in favor of a table of about ten people to the side. These people got round after round of shots, water, beer, wine, you name it - and the bartender pocketed tips from the table. I watched him take twenties and run off to get them another round. Now, I understand the economics of catering to the ballers doling out $20 tips for glasses of water, and I could respect it if he had managed to throw the normal people some attention too, but he didn't. In fact, he was blatantly rude to the "normal" bar patrons, shoving people out of his way so he could run to the table.
You'd think that the other 4 bartenders would spread out to accommodate the people at the neglected-redheaded-stepchild side of the bar but you'd be wrong. I gave up after about twenty minutes of waiting and went to the warm beer table. Then I left and went to Marathon because Chops clearly can't handle the Sips crowd. RIP Table 31.Great environment, friendly and professional staff,  food is cooked to perfection. Will be back again!Great Steak, Great Service!! The staff is very attentive and hospitable. Ask for the server Frank he is the best!Everything was exceptional from start to finish.  We were greeted and sat promptly when we arrived for our reservation.  Our Server was very attentive and accommodating.  Very nice wine list with plenty of varieties to choose from.  The steaks were cooked perfectly and the sides were huge.  Plenty for two.  Very reasonable prices for a Steakhouse in Philadelphia...We will be back.Great service. I went there twice and had the French onion soup and crab cake. The French onion soup was great a meal in itself. Crab cake pretty good. I had the veal chop another night and it was fn wonderful, tender and cooked perfectly. Also had brussel sprouts which were very tasty. Pricy, but for what you get well worth it.Originally gave this 5 stars for the patio area.  Unfortunately I went back for the food now that the inside is open.  Way to expensive for the quality.  Similar price of places like Del Friscos, Mortons, etc and the quality of the food is far inferior.  I won't be going back.There were a lot of options. We decided upon the bone-in filet. It wasn't as flavorful as I might have expected. It was very good but I wouldn't get it next time. I believe other options would likely be better. The potatoes and the green beans were very good. I also liked the wedge salad. Excellent blue cheese. Had a great gin drink at the bar after dinner. Would recommend and will try again.I love this restaurant! We had lunch outside on the plaza near the water fountains which was so nice and the food was amazing. We had the hummus plate, salmon salad (which is served on top of spinach) and the kale salad. Doesn't get any healthier than that! After missing our train we came back inside for a drink and ended up having dinner here. The perfect restaurant for a quiet dinner. Very impressed with Chops Steakhouse, we will absolutely be coming back!Made my first trip for Center City SIPS. Outdoor seating is on point. Great breeze and LOVE the fountains. Able to get a seat which was nice but felt like I was forced to order food because I was sitting. Friend got a burger and said it was awesome though. Great atmosphere, definitely will be back!I was working @ Comcast Center today and decided to check out Chops which is on 17th in the Comcast center complex.   I tried their bar menu and both items were reasonably priced and scrumptious.    Cheese steak spring rolls and edamame with wasabi salt.. along with a glass of pinot noir.   Service was five star and the decor is very hip.   Will definitely come back for their dinner menu!On Monday, April 24, 2017, the staff was treated to lunch at Chops for Professional Administrative Day. Although the food was good, the fact that a rodent, probably a baby rat, ran across the floor at 4 pm, just lost 10 customers. Our server Frank was magnificent! The manager simply apologized and offered no comp anything!I usually never write reviews but I actual am a regular here at chops. It's my go to spot for a quick lunch or a business meeting. 
   I had a server who looked new. I never seen her before in the past. Her name was Bridgette I believe. She completely ruined my order and my colleagues. Which was quite embarrassing since I was just bragging about how great this place was. 
   We were hungry so instead of our chicken milanse ( my recommendation), we ate chicken marsala. It was delicious but not what I ordered. A manager never came over to talk which was weird since they are always very attentive. She did offer us a free glass of wine but it was a little early. We were her last table upstairs, so I'm not sure if she was maybe in a rush... Right when we finished eating she took the plates from us, rather aggressively. Didn't offer us coffee or dessert but proceeded to present the bill. 
   I hope I never get this server again! She even charged me for tap water. If this was my first impression I wouldn't come back, but I know this was the server and not the restaurant.Came by this place after a meeting I had across the street. What a find! Great prime steaks and a classy bar. I will be back when I am in town next month for sure 
Was there again last week for business and we stopped by for lunch on the patio. I had a lobster grilled cheese which was excellent and my guest had a salmon salad which she loved. The weather was so nice we deceived to stay longer and have dessert. We split the ice cream sandwich and the apple crisp. Both were excellent. Service was friendly yet unobtrusive.When I started out yesterday, I had no idea I would be enjoying an excellent lunch with my friend at Chops in the Comcast Center. In fact, we were looking for another place to try but good fortune intervened in our getting lost.
We walked into Chops trying to find our way and were met by one of the best front-of-house professionals I have ever encountered. Im kicking myself I did not get his name but I shall not forget him.
A true pro, he was warm, engaging and a tremendous asset to this establishment. No surprise he worked at venerable Philly establishments I would frequent in the past like The Stripped Bass and The Corned Beef Academy. The hostess on duty was equally impressive in the way she carried herself. First impression? Outstanding.
The restaurant is modern with a very cool vibe. Elegant. Stylish. White table cloths. We were not dressed for such a nice setting but made to feel welcome.
They start you with complimentary pretzel bread with cheese inside. It was tasty. Also on the table were crunchy, delicious pickles. 
The waiter was a consummate pro. He and his team did an outstanding job in serving us.
For lunch, my co- worker had the pea soup and gnocchi with beef. I had the Caesar salad, homemade capellini and meatballs. These were specials that day. 
The Caesar was delicious. 
The macaroni was excellent. The meatball was good but most Italians will tell you the one you grew up with will always be best. 
My buddy loved his soup and gnocchi.
I realize to go to a restaurant that specializes in beef and not get it is usually a stupid idea but we both enjoyed our lunch immensely. 
Chef Alex Plotkin has built a great restaurant in the Comcast Center, one that begs for a return visit to further sample his menu. 
Superior service. Excellent food. Wonderful ambiance. One can't ask for better elements from a dining experience and Chops delivered.Came here for sips with friends, I think it was less crowded than normal because of the soccer game going on, but definitely not complaining! Great experience we sat down and ordered some food (edamame and burger are half price for sips), my friend ordered the burger and it was delish!
Loved that it was outside! Perfect for summer!Went here for a work lunch last week, and was immediately greeted by a very old, very dapper, and very zealous maître d who lived to make sure our experience was pristine. My boss and I shared the kale salad and lobster grilled cheese, and ended with their ice cream sandwich trio.  Some notes:
   - the kale salad was nice and refreshing, the peanut sauce gave it a unique flair. 
   - the lobster grilled cheese was a perfect way to spend my no-salt cheat day....mmmmm, lobster and cheese all melty on toasted brioche. Definitely worth sharing, or you might go into the best cardiac arrest you've ever had. 
   - Skip the couscous side, it was bland and room temperature. 
   - the ice cream sandwich trio included mint chocolate chip (with fresh mint choc chip ice cream and chocolate cookies), hazelnut (nutty ice cream and similar shortbread cookies), and their take on s'mores: marshmallow ice cream with ginger/graham soft cookies. The first two were good, but the s'mores one, oh my god. It was like there was a party in my mouth, and I didn't want to invite anyone because I wanted to have all the wine and shrimp cocktail to myself. Dear Chops: I will buy all of your s'mores ice cream sandwiches, in bulk, for this lonely party I just mentioned.Not a fan! I visited this place with my book club members and we all felt like we were robbed. I was kicking myself because I knew we should have went to Buddakhan or Ocean Prime. We each had appetizers, an entree, and a dessert. Absolutely none of the selections were memorable. Everything was meh! It was expensive and I was disappointed across the board. Black bean soup was bland, the salmon lacked flavor, and the apple pie was disgusting. On the other hand the chocolate cake was pretty good. Nothing about the dinner will make me return or recommend to anyone. There are sooo many other choices downtown. Do yourself a favor and skip this overpriced, stuffy, flavorless restaurant. Sorry:(Went here tonight for my first time since it was restaurant week. I work in the building and wanted to give it a try.  I am not sure if it was because I was a solo diner or choosing to eat from the restaurant week menu ($35 for 3 courses) but I definitely felt like a second class citizen. The service overall would be just okay at most places, but when you dine at an upscale steak restaurant in center city Philly, you expect the service to be top notch, so I would define the service here, from my experience, to be poor. 
The restaurant week menu included one starter, one entree and one dessert to choose from on a specific menu. I chose the Caesar salad, 7 oz filet and apple pie. The salad was just not good. The romaine lettuce was yellowing and was not super crunchy - kind of wilted. The dressing was just ok. No croutons.
When I was ordering, I asked my server if it was possible to get béarnaise instead of the bordelaise it came with - I'm not a fan of bordelaise. He said, "well there may be an up charge"  and I said "ok I noticed that all of the sauces cost the same in your menu which is why I asked - I don't want it in addition. But that's ok" and he said "we can work it out for you." Well, the steak came sitting the in bordelaise and a small bowl of béarnaise on the side. I told him that I had requested one instead of the other and he asked if I wanted him to take it back. I told him I would keep it and eat around it, which I did. He came back to check on me one more time and I said - "i just want to make sure I am not being charged for this sauce since I ordered this in place of that and it came out incorrectly". He looked frazzled and I am assuming had the manager comp the charge off. I used to wait tables and bar tend, I get it and am sympathetic to these situations, which is why I kept the steak. The steak itself was cooked perfectly, very tender and flavorful. The mashed potatoes were terrible. Absolutely no garlic in them, semi cold (and sitting in the sauce I didn't order). The broccoli was actually really good. Just the slightest bit crunchy, little garlic. 
The rest of the night I felt a bit shunned. When he brought me the dessert he said "here you go" put it on the table, and walked away. Didn't offer me coffee or say anything else to me. The apple pie was very good, tasted homemade. The ice cream was the smallest dollop I've ever been served, they could do better. He brought the check. Took it up in a couple of minutes, and a MANAGER brought it back to me by placing it on the table and not even speaking to me? What the hell?  I tipped the server 20% because maybe he was having an off night, but seriously - do better. Customer service should be your #1 product. I probably will not be back, which is unfortunate because I come to Philly for work a couple of weeks a month and eat out during those trips.My wife and I went for dinner on a recent trip to Philly. I'm not sure what else you could want out of a steakhouse- phenomenal piece of perfectly cooked meat; impeccable service; beautiful room with (mostly) great looking people.
I live in NYC, so I'm jaded.  I've eaten at Luger's a half dozen times. I've been a regular at BLT Steak. But I have to say, Chops is as good (at least during my visit) as anything we've have had in Manhattan in years. 
And the dapper bowtie guy (not sure if he's GM, host or an owner) what a freaking mensch! He cracked us the eff up.
When you drop this type of loot on a meal, this is how you're supposed to be treated. I'll be back next time I'm in town, for sure.Ok, maybe this review is unfair since I did go during restaurant week but to my defense, I eat out 3 to 4 times a week at various establishments. I also dine out during restaurant week to try out other restaurants to see if I could be persuaded to visit them regularly. Quality should not suffer because it's restaurant week. Many patrons like me use this opportunity to give your establishment a try because we usually have our favorites already. 
We came here on a Tuesday night during restaurant week for a 7:30 PM reservation for 4. They were not busy compared to other restaurants, the weather had a lot do with it, and the city was particularly dead. The space was open, lacked color and too modern. It felt like an upscale "Drag" brunch establishment. I thought RuPaul was going to come around that corner. The space needed something warm and inviting. The bar area looked fun and a place I could see myself visiting again during the summer time.
I cannot rave enough about the staff, they were super friendly. It was oddly cold in there. Every time the door opened you could feel the draft come in. 
The fried calamari was good and had a good spice level. The 7 oz. filet was perfectly seasoned and cooked. The filet mignon was definitely the favorite item ordered, it had a distinctive taste to it and I truly enjoyed. The mashed potatoes on the side tasted like an instant spud. The apple cake/pie dessert was dry and the dollop of ice cream on the side was great. 
I had the opportunity to try the chocolate cake that my partner ordered and we were underwhelmed. I get it, $35 for three courses is a steal but similar to higher end steak houses provide the same quality and quantity to their customers no matter what. I felt that CHOPS took the lower end for their restaurant week offerings. I also ordered the onion strings off the regular menu and it was limp as if it had sat on the heating lamp for a little too long.CHOPS is inconsistent.  From the service to the food, you never know what you're going to get.  For example, the hummus plate.  The first time I ordered it was on the patio over the summer.  I loved it!  Large chunks of feta, a zesty hummus.  Today I ordered the same thing but the feta was tiny crumbles and there was a huge pile of oil in the middle of the hummus.  Also, my husband ordered the chopped salad.  When it came out it looked like a plate of salsa.  It was soaking wet and the mixed greens looked like old, soggy, iceburg.  I asked the bar tender if the salad was made incorrectly, he said no.  In CHOPS' defense, the manager did take it off the menu, but not before telling me it was one of their top sellers.  How could this be?  You almost needed a spoon to eat it.  I got the chopped kale salad, it wasn't bad.  However, Animo Juice (right near by) makes the most amazing kale and quinoa salad which I highly recommend and because it's so delicious, no other kale salad can really compare.By far the best service I've received at a restaurant in a long time. From the time we entered until we left every single person was so kind and attentive. I find that sometimes at high-end restaurants the staff and waiters can be snooty. Not the case at all at Chops. I've had much more expensive meals at Butcher and Singer and other high end restaurants and the staff wasn't half as nice or attentive to us like the staff at Chops was. Food was amazing too. Highly recommend.Just opened on Thurs, May 1, 2014. Great outdoor space right outside Comcast Center. Reasonably priced entrees and friendly servers.The apps at this place are awesome!  Great Service from Mayra. I would recommend this place to everyoneI went to Chops for the first time for lunch and I wasn't very impressed. It may have been due to what I ordered, which was the steak salad. The salmon dish looked better, which was what my friend ordered, but I was thrown off by the steak salad. It was four pieces of Steak strips sitting on a pile of diced onions, asparagus and cucumbers. The raw onions were very overpowering and strong. It was also a huge pile of diced vegetables and not much steak. For a steakhouse, the steak wasn't that good either. It had a lot of grind in it, so it was hard to chew even though I ordered it medium rare. I'll probably order a seafood dish if I come back again for lunch.I came here during restaurant wk. The service was great and the staff was friendly and attentive. The place is clean and has a nice modern look to it. The table setting was nicely set.
My soda came in a classic glass bottle. They give you comp bread with cheese in the middle. The bread was room temperature so the cheese was not warm or gooey. I'm not sure if it was supposed to be warm or room temperature. However, I think it would've been more enjoyable if they were warm because when I broke a piece of bread off, the cheese wouldn't break off. It was like eating a block of cheese with a roll.
My app was the calamari and it was bland. The salt and pepper didn't help but it still wasn't that's good.
I had the steak with mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes were presented on the plate nicely. The steak was just ok and kind of dry.
My dessert was the apple pie and cinnamon ice cream. I never had cinnamon ice cream but it was good. I was disappointed in the apple pie because its one of my fav pies. The apples were very tart and I just didn't care to finish the rest.I have had lunch here several times in 2018 and again in Jan 2019. Every time the food and service are outstanding. Even the hosts are extraordinarily welcoming. In winter they have a fireplace where you can wait for your party. No loud music. Light and spacious. I recommend it highly.Well..... if you could turn xfinity into a restaurant this is exactly what you'd get. You'd over pay for what looks like a good deal, with nice decor and friendly waitstaff only to be disappointed with service and the quality of your meals. I think the 3 star average pretty much says it all without me saying anything.
We split a chopped salad to start... the waiter asked if we wanted no anchovies (in a chopped salad?) and we said no and laughed saying we hate it. Low and behold our salad comes out with anchovies and we ask for it to be remade. It comes back out with 0 flavor... it is iceberg lettuce, onion and tomato with some lime juice. I love chopped salad because it usually had pepperoni and olives and really good dressing. It feels like this Chef went to culinary school, dropped out and only knows 3/4 of the recipe. Something just seemed missing.
My wife got the scallops. It was good. Scallops we're clean and nicely seated. Also had 4 in an order which is unheard of (standard is 3). The cous cous below was underwhelming. Again good presentation but execution was lacking.
I got the grilled bronzino. The fish was quite tasty. The skin was crispy and it had no fishy taste. The crab hash was a little to be desired. The bitterness of the endive really took away from the side and the sweetness of the clementine did not mesh well. The yams were cold. The vegetables were warm. The crab salad was cold and the fish was warm. I fee like as a cook this is a huge mistake. 
Anywho 3 stars. Nothing great but not terrible. I probably wouldn't go back unless it was for happy hour. It was empty on a Wednesday. 3 couples were sat in the window and we got stuck in the back of the restaurant.The food is really good. But it's so unbelievably overpriced. For $18 we got 5 pieces of jumbo lump crab. But it was good and I can understand getting overcharged in exchange for something tangible. What I can't see is getting charged $6 for filtered tap water.  I don't mind paying for something but I do mind getting taken advantage of. I love the stuffed flounder but it's the cost of the water that leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Work right across the street and go regularly, guess I never noticed the charge before. Probably wouldn't frequent a business that nickel and dimes me like that.I went on a Wednesday during Sips and sat outside for a bit to enjoy a small glass of wine until our reservation time inside for dinner. The crowd was filled with mostly young professionals and got pretty packed quickly. 
When entering the inside of chops it had modern decor and a lot more low key and quiet inside. Our waiter Kerwin was extremely attentive and friendly. 
The muscles were phenomenal and a very generous portion. The calamari was mediocre, a bit salty and chewy but edible, never the less. The complimentary mozzarella bread and jalapeño butter were mouthwatering and like no other. I decided to share the veal chop with my boyfriend. I was pleasantly surprised that they brought two separate plates out, each with small servings of potatoes and vegetables and piled on the veal chop that was just sliced. The servings were definitely enough for any two people and they did this with no additional charge! So accommodating!I had a business lunch there today, a Thursday. It has a very understated elegant interior, with impeccable service and excellent food. Our booth was very comfortable. A bit pricey perhaps, but the portions were generous. 
My only complaints would be that the waiter seemed too anxious to clear the plates of my colleagues while I was still eating. And the noise level was quite high until the crowd thinned out a bit.  
But I will definitely be back and do recommend it.We made reservation online for dinner during restaurant week. We were seated very quickly which was nice. 
The inside is amazing. Very modern design and spacious and everything was crisp. I was definitely impressed when I walked in. After that.... it went downhill.
SERVICE
Myra was our waitress. I'm not sure what she was doing or how she managed to mess up our order but she seemed to be writing our things down. Just sloppy. I had to ask for water refills. She was just no good. She didn't put in our app. I had to remind her about it later. 
FOOD
No complimentary bread??? What???!?!
Mussels: came out significantly later because I had to remind her that she never put the order in. The sauce was different but good. It was some white sauce and it had lots of diced tomatoes in there. The mussels were juicy but tiny as you can see from my picture. 
Lentil Soup: delicious!! Get it and thank me later. It was nice and warm and creamy. I definitely should have gotten that. 
Baby Iceberg: it came with very crispy applewood smoked bacon. The lettuce was very crunchy and it had the perfect amount of dressing as to not drown out the other flavors. I really enjoyed the salad. 
Scallops: three giant pieces. They were nice and tender. It had a very light flavor to it and the side was extremely bland. Not a drop of flavor. 
7oz Fillet Mignon: the boyfriend had that and he loved it. He got it medium rare. The mashed potatoes had a slight garlic flavor as expected (from the name) but not enough to make your breath smelly after lol. 
Apple Pie: would have been soooo much better of it were warm! It was room temperature. I'm so disappointed. Order it if you must. Maybe you'll be lucky to get one that's warm. The cinnamon ice cream was a very nice compliment to the cold pie -_-. 
Chocolate Cake: was dense but not as overpowering as some. The bourbon ice cream was delicious!!
If the food wasn't cold and the service didn't suck I would have given this place 4 stars. I expect top notch service from a streak restaurant like this. Also  the online menus said that the calamari was an option for an app and then in the restaurant it wasn't an option. Myra apologized and said that it's not on the menu.... what? Then why is it online then?To be honest, I came with higher expectations given the name and pricing in this place. Food was bland, lacking salt and just average. No real flavor for the palate to enjoy. Service and atmosphere were fine, but food is the major part of the review. I was surprisingly disappointed in the food. 
The calamari with marinara was decent and the pretzel cheese rolls were good. Got the bronzino and crab stuffed flounder dishes and like I said, were just average if that.I had a really tough time deciding how to rate Chops. Decided to go with 3 stars because to me, it's just average. Given all the nice, expensive restaurants in the city this just falls in the category of not the best & not the worst. For the price the food just really isn't that great.Food was amazing! Service was as well.  Highly recommend getting early. It's located in a nice part of the city too.Went here for anniversary dinner on New years eve... Goat cheese ravioli and lump crabmeat appetizers were good... My wife got the filet Oscar special and she enjoyed it I ordered the filet au poivre but it came out without the sauce.. The main issue with the meal was the service. We got one drink to start the meal and Never was asked if we wanted another. The server was totally missing in action. Never checked on us at all. There are way too many places in the city to get a good steak to suffer through awful service. Not a good experience. Will not be back