I went to this restaurant for 5 times, and whatever I ordered something to go or dinned in, I never ever get the correct order. There are 3 times, they missed some stuff, once they gave me the dry pot instead of ma la tang that what I ordered. Really disappointed.This is my second time coming here. The first time I sat in for lunch. The food was okay but the service was slow. The second time I came I ordered take-out. Having to wait 25-30 minutes for an order of won-tong soup while you see other individuals come in and receive their appetizers/entrees means no return business from me.Highly recommend, clean place, delicious food (DIY Mala Soup), cheap price, friendly staff.We came to Chinatown for late night eats. We actually passed this place but did not go in at first because we had plans to go another place down the street. The air conditioning wasn't working there so we turned around and came back. First impression was good. It was clean. Very neat and the servers were friendly enough. Tip; there was a bit of a language barrier but the menu has letters and numbers to help ease the toon between servers and patrons. We ordered fried shrimp, scallion pancake, vegetables dumplings and pork dumpling. Basically all snacks. Everything didn't come at once but as our dishes came they were all hot and taste fresh. The fresher steamed veggie dumplings were delicious and I really enjoyed the breading for the fried shrimp. We got a bunch of snacks of the snacks menu so our bill was not they high. Our food came to a total of 26. Next time I return I will try the hot pot.I had a really good experience in this restaurant. The Ma La Tang is very unique, and I really love the soup. It's very authentic Chinese food, so not sure whether it would fit your taste. We also ordered the extra size fried chicken, and the bill is about $10 each. Staff is also hospitable. Definitely would go there again.If you want hair and bugs in your dish, then this is the place for you. If you wanna bear an awful attitude from waiters, this is the place for you.  
It was a good restaurant, but now it's not. My friend had some hair in her dish, and they even didn't cook a new one. They just took out those hair and brought this dirty dish to table.  
I also got seriously injured here and their attitude is very very bad. Just gave me some cotton balls and bandages, keep saying it's all my fault, and they even don't have 1st aid package, which is illegal. Excuse me ? I should have called 911. 
Anyway, I won't go this place to bear dirty dishes and awful attitude, so won't my friends.After a fun day at the Philadelphia Car show we decided to grab a bite to eat. We headed into Chinatown and found this restaurant. Service was ok but the food was great! I got the Mai Fun chicken it was really spicy. Just the way I like it! Shrimp in lobster sauce was also really good. We got the Shrimp dumplings for an appetizer. They were alittle fishy but good. Everything was fresh. I also liked the fact you can watch them prepare your food. Prices are reasonable. We will be returning to try the Generals Tso chicken!!Had high expectation but had long wait and my order was messed up. Service not good. Very disappointed.Try their noodle and create your own thing
I love it!
1st i want to order their chinese food but then i saw all the customers eating their noodle bowl
So I thought alright,that must be the popular one.
And we are right! 
Taste like malaysian laksa noodle to me like coconuty...
And by surprise they have indonesian fried rice and lo mein
Which is recommended!
Affiliated with The Empress garden restaurant.Service was very slow. I ask 2 servers 3 times simply to get my plain iced water refilled. All ingredients can be found in any asian grocery store and the biggest problem really is that there's absolute nothing special about the taste.. even I myself can make something more flavorful than their dishes with the food in my fridge and I'm no good cook at all... the only good thing about the place is the price and that's the reason I give a 2-star rating....Please consider this review to be a negative million (-ve 1mil) stars
Shit food
Shittier service
This waiter didn't take order properly
Took 1.5 hours to bring a fried rice and chicken???
NO WATER
DIDNT KNOW ANYTHING ON THE MENU
Wait for it - after 1.5hrs of taking the order, tells me that the dish we ordered is not available. MOTHER FUCKER.....
Then ALSO GAVE ME A BILL???
Piece of shit restaurant
DO YOURSELF A FAVOR - DONT GO
WILL NEVER RECOMMENDThis place definitely deserves a higher rating!
Hubby and I were looking for a place to eat hotpot or spicy soup. We initially went to another place with better reviews but we found out that they no longer serve malatang anymore and we didn't want to break the bank eating hotpot. Despite the bad reviews we decided to give this place a try and we've been back again and again since!
First the food. We tried both malatang and the dry pot. The soup was nice, flavorful and not too greasy. You just get more chili oil if you order more spicy. I personally like the non spicy option for the soup, and even this is a little spicy. 
The dry pot was not too greasy as well, but compared to the soup version it's not as spicy. So you would wanna order medium spicy at least on that. You also get a decent amount of each item for the price you pay. You can see the raw vegetables and meats at the back of the restaurants and they look very fresh!
Service was good, the servers were very attentive and always refilled our water. Also your food comes out very fast! 
For both times we paid less than $35 including tax and tip for 2 people and we were really really full! Amazing price!Like everyone said, the food is wonderful. We had spicy broth base soups, and they are both very flavorful. I could tell the broth is well cooked, and it is so far one of the best broths I ever had.
However, like everyone said, the service is terrible. When we were waiting for the table, three people asked us how many people we have, which indicated the service system is going to be a mess. After we sat down, no one served us water until we asked. No paper napkins and we had to steal ones from the neighbor table. Actually, we didn't know who our waiter was, because four different waiters came to our table every time when we needed service. 50 minutes later, our food finally arrived, and I found they left out one item I ordered. I wanted to check with someone, but it seemed like they are all very busy running around the restaurant but without knowing what they should do. 
If you want to try this place, you probably would like to wait at least half a year until they figure out how their service system should be.if i could give them no stars i would
chushang spicy in philly is literally the worst. i waited for take out for over an hour... to ask in another 20 minutes for a refund... that i didnt recieve until i asked 5 times. terrible customer service. i never got my food.Not gonna lie, their numbing spicy soup is pretty good. I order from them at least once a week, but tell me why every time I order, something HAS to be wrong! My order is always wrong. Not just once or twice! My order has never been right! Ever! Its either they forgot about my noodle or gave me items that I didn't order. I don't think they care much about their customers' requests to be honest. Cause if they did, my orders would have been right AT LEAST ONCE.They serve like huge amount, the soup smells very good, and the food is fresh. You can change the spicy degree as you like. The scallion pancake is a must-have if you like crispy and scallion-ry things. Super fit for cold whether days40mins after placing my 2nd order. I'm still waiting for my food. I can't tolerate the serving speed, this is probably the worst place ive ever been in terms of serving speed. I could gave it 1 star, i gave an extra for the ok food.new.resturant.open. great food.and.good place,
place look beatuful.and food very good,must try this placeI love this place.   I live 2 doors down and eat here 2x a week.  Their spring rolls are perfect.  The waiters/waitresses are so friendly, the place is spotless and has a very cool vibe. They make things as spicy as you want. No bar or BYOB, but most places in Chinatown are not alcohol friendly.  Forget Bubblefish and go here.  You will not regret it!Tried this restaurant twice. it is my favourite place in chinatown now. the food is fresh and tasty. the only thing is that we might have to wait longer have have food prepared.Never wait for a bowl of ramen for more than 20 minutes, but I experienced here y'all. But the ramen was pretty good tbh.I would say the food is very spicy and not special. For the price I paid I would just go get pho and add spice to it. It's worth a try but I wouldn't do it twice.Terribly managed, waited forever only to find out the ran out of the ingredients. When we ordered something else it just tasted horrible.Takes forever to serve the food. The taste is ok but the service is really bad. And too much smoke.We tried both dry hot pot and the hot pot. I would rate the dry pot 4 star but the hot pot 5 star. The flavor is pretty good and authentic. Spicy level is high so make sure to start with lower lever. I am a spicy lover and medium was pretty hot for me. The environment is pretty good, it does seem to be a popular spot for younger generation.Last night,we ordered light spicy,but when the food come,that was extra spicy! Sever still argue with us,that was light spicy! We also ordered noodle soup bowl,that's exactly light spicy!In general their food was ok. We ordered a mala dry pot, which was not the greatest among all that I had in the states, but it was not bad. The taste was authentic, and they put in some special flavors in it. Other food, including their egg drop soup and fried squid was also ok.
But, as many people said, the service was terrible. We came at a pretty late hour and there were not many people. Yet we waited for a long time to be seated. It took another 20 minutes before we finally got served some iced water and ordered food. The servers seemed to be amateur and rude. They forgot our orders and were rude about their mistakes.
To sum it up, their food was authentic and not too pricey; but if you want a place with fast and good service, then this was definitely not a good choice!Any restaurant if they want to be successful and great, try to be fast, not always slow at least. Food is good. Service is bad and slow.The food is always really good. I've been here a good handful of times now. At first the service was slow, and it would take like an hour to get the food. But now it's 15-20 minutes. Highly recommend for authentic Szechuan spicy food with friends.I was pretty disappointed in Chushang, especially since I like their concept. They offer typical Chinese dishes and your lunch combo type meals on their menu. I'd say that style of food is average here, given how many places in Chinatown have dumplings and scallion pancakes. 
I ordered their hot pot style dish, where you can pick out what you want on a piece of paper, mark it down and get a very large dish with everything ordered. It's supposed to be hot pot without the hot pot. The concept was slightly confusing, but essentially you have to pick enough ingredients to hit the minimum price for a hot pot or dry pot. I did the dry pot so it was $15. It wasn't hard to hit and the portion size is definitely meant to be shared (which I didn't realize and ordered all for myself lol). I got it a little bit spiced. 
My noodles and veggies came out soaked, literally soaked, in the hot pot spicy chili oil, and I was not really satisfied with it. It was way too much oil, too spicy and way over cooked. The concept is interesting but I ended up just wanting normal noodles cooked normally. I probably won't be doing this again, and if I do, I'd want to get the actual hot pot version, because the dry pot isn't really dry.I order a food to go but no one serve me. 
Terrible service!!! There are 3 waitress stand at the counter. When I finished my order on the paper then I passed to them, no one took my order! What the?! 
They just care who dine in because of tips!上菜慢的令人发指，那么简单的一个麻辣烫要等半个小时甚至四十分钟。无法理解，后厨看起来人并不少，上菜频率几乎五分钟才能出来一盘，这个样子开饭店早晚要死的。I'll start off with explaining why I gave them 1 star. First off, my boyfriend and I always come here to eat because we really like Mala soup. The service here is so bad. The waitress that works here is extremely rude. They deserved 1 star because the waitress cursed at us when we went up to the front desk to pay. We went up to ask for a spilt check and the waitress straight up mumbled "fuck" under her breath and  then left us at there for someone else to handle. We were shocked about the attitude she gave us. So we paid and left without giving tip. That service was unacceptable. A worker who curses at the customer for simply asking for a split check is wrong.Soup is the best in Philly, dry pot is ok. A good place to have spicy Chinese in ChinatownBad ass attitude for real. Complaint that I speak too slow over the phone when I am making takeout order over the phone???Food was very tasty (and spicy!). Service was a bit slow, but very friendly. Cash only under $15.1. The food took an hour to arrive 
2. When it did arrive, it was the wrong order and not the mala tang items we selected
3. They re-made our order, but as we were eating, we realized that they gave very very little of some of the things we ordered (like the sliced beef and enoki mushrooms). Also, they only gave us 3 shrimps when we were supposed to get 4 (it's 2 per order) and as a whole their seafood did not taste fresh. When we realized that the soup was mostly cauliflower, we took some pieces out and saw that they were black (see photo). Obviously, there is a quality control problem at this restaurant, as the food is not fresh at all. 
4. When we requested to speak to the owner, they wouldn't come out to talk to us. There is clearly no care or prioritization of the customer on his/her part.
As a whole, I wouldn't come here again, and I definitely don't trust the food.Ordered through Grub Hub. #1, although on the menu it had lunch specials, they called to say they did not have lunch specials so we communicated to them on the phone that it was OK, we would get the full size order. No biggie. They said it would "be there soon". We waited an hour and called back. They said "We don't have delivery". wait, what? You literally had delivery as an option on grub hub (AND CHARGED A DELIVERY FEE) and yet, you don't have delivery? And why the heck did you not say so when we talked on the phone the first time? Reached out to Grub Hub and they called the restaurant directly too and got the same response. This was NOT a grub hub issue, this was a Chusang Spicy issue. Never again. DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY HERE--- NOT AS ADVERTISED!Taste of the food is ok, but the service is bad and slow , waited a long time for the food. If you want to kill your time, good place to go.This is one of the authentic chinese restaurants in China town.  Ma la soup and dry spicy pot are the best plates to have here, and most popular.  You can choose any combination of meat seafood and vegetables.  Price is very reasonable.  While the cooking takes some time, it's definitely worth the wait.  Highly recommended!If I can give 0 star then I wouldn't hesitate to choose that one. You will be quiet impressed with their POOR service.
They forgot some of our dishes but didn't forget to charge our money .So lucky ! Isn't it ? At least they remember something.
Their attitude was so bad and they didn't answer any questions. The waiter was angry at the store for take- away orders and kept complaining with a long face toward customers .One thing I have to say is that the food is good. However, every other thing is really unexpected disappointing. The service is always slow! And if you ask their waitress where is my food, she will tell you that they are slow and just wait. And the food, it's not steady, sometimes are ok, but sometimes are not fresh.
Tonight, I was with my friend. We ate in the store, and I ordered one extra bowl to go for my husband. However, after my friend and I finished, we waited there for half hour for my take out order. My order number was 67, and I found out that the order number 76 for take out was ready and they still didn't start cooking mine!!! 
The worst part is, the food I took home was not fully cooked!!! I have to cook it by myself. So, what's meaning for a take out food! 
Such a bad eat in experience and the take out service is worse!I went to this restaurant yesterday. This female waiter was being very boss and very rude to me when I pay. I also saw that the female waiter was being mean to a male waiter. This need to be fix. You can not show attitude if you are doing business. The food was good but rude manners will not make your business last long. And there is no acGood food here！Ma La Soup is always tasty！Also with delicious fried chicken and drinks, definitely deserve to go and try!As an international student who comes from Sichuan, I really love Malatang food. This restaurant is not 100% copy Sichuan malatang, but it still provide great food with great taste. There has many food choices and u can add it as many as u want! They also provide delivery food via Chowbus( my favorite food delivery app!!!).Excellent home cooking at very affordable prices! Best Chinese home style spicy cooking in Philly! The dry pot stir fry is outstanding, and the Ma La soup is superb. You can choose which fresh ingredients to go in your dry pot and soup. Very fresh home style with these two specialties, cannot miss if in Chinatown. Plates can be made mild or not spicy. Service is good, the waiters are attentive and will bring you whatever you need. And the dining room is cozy, bright, with Chinese karaoke classics going in the background. A+ hao chi!The hot pot and dry pot dishes are good. They definitely know how to make things spicy, keep that in mind when you order the hottest level and they warn you. The fried mushroom and tofu appetizers are fine. Don't bother with the soup dumplings, they seem like they could have come out of a freezer.味道不说 这里的两个女服务员跟顾客欠她钱一样，我和我朋友去了好几次了，每次脸都超级臭，是老板给工资低了还是怎么样？ 特别是前台的那个女生，服务可以打负数了，这种人自己去开店吧，做什么服务员啊This place's Ma latang is below par. Its food is lower than I had in Philly. Besides, it had a slow speed when not at rush hour. It didn't have a good spice for Ma latang, lack quite much basic flavor. The ingredients inside are just mixed together and put into some soup. They are totally split from the whole Ma latang, everything is isolatedVery great meal! This is my first time to have dry spicy pot in US. The waiters over here are very nice. When he saw us two girls ordered too much, they would nicely suggested us reducing our order! Recommend the grapefruit green tea!This place is really good and it gives that "I'm at home hotpot vibes" but the service is absolute trash. Idk if it was because we look really young and maybe assumed that we aren't worth the service or maybe because we didn't order much. But we ordered the custom bowls and they gave us a small portion, which usually is suppose to come in a bigger portion.. that's why we ordered only two bowls to share with three people. Nonetheless they came smaller than I thought and we still left the place unsatisfied and hungry. Secondly they messed up our order. We ordered mushrooms but instead gave us chicken and since we are sharing, we asked for small bowls, but we never got them.Great service! And awesome food! It's a great places if your looking to enjoy a good meal in china town.I am giving this place a 0 star for service and 4 stars for the foods.is not because their food . 
First, I want to ask the waiter a question about the appetizer but he seem like he doesn't want to answer my question and snatched the order form off my hand and walked away with a DAMN ATTITUDE. 
Second, they initially messes up my order from the beginning and they was willing to change it and when the corrected dish came out. We requested for new hot fresh white rice, the same attitude waiter told us we need to PAY for it ( the rice) and i need to talk to the manager and walked away. Last but not least, they messed up our order again which they missed 2 items we order on the list.
Adding more to it...when i received the bill, they charge an item that i didn't order.Great food with fair price. Great service! Broccoli is a little  old but the taste is good.If i can, I give no star. NO star 0! 0! 0!!!!!
This is my first time coming here. 
I have never written a review but my terrible experience at this restaurant. 
 Especially female waitress who she had hair up and tall.
 The female waitress (or cashier or manager- i asked "are u owner?" She said "yes" with ignore) whatever that lady was being very bossy, yelling to the customer in Chinese,
threw down the receipt, stare down at me, 
angry at the restaurant, never understand English and very RUDE to us!!!!!
The worst attitude we ever had.
Also, she was being mean to other waiter.
This is service field!!!
I never understand why she is working OMG!
She have to be FIX!!!!!
She was extremely RUDE!!!!!!!!
Food was good but I never go back!!!!!!
Please read this review and CHANGE!!!My coworkers and I come to Chushang all the time because it's great for eating family style! Both the hot pot and the dry pot are delicious and flavorful, though we typically order the latter which is easier to share. Chushang has a wide variety of veggies, meats, sauces, etc. that you can choose from to customize your own hot/dry pot. I personally can't go without at least sausage, watercress, and wooden ear in mine. Note for the spicy sauce, it's actually quite spicy and I'd like to think I have a decent spice tolerance... So I usually order the least spicy. 
The restaurant itself is pretty spacious and not loud, which is another reason why I think Chushang is great for groups! You can actually hear each other when you're talking lol. 
My one gripe is that for some reason they often forget an ingredient you order in your bowl? It's not that big of a deal, but we just have to make sure we have everything we ordered.Chushang Spicy is right in the middle of Chinatown, making it a great place get some spicy food
FOOD: The way this place works is you choose either stir fry or a soup base. It's cool because you can choose exactly what you want to go in each and then your level of spice. It's entirely up to you what you want your meal to be and it is priced accordingly. One warning: even mild spicy is really spicy. 
SERVICE: I can't speak highly of the service. I felt like there were a lot of waiters, but we were still lacking in service. When it was time to get the check, we had to ask 2 different people to get our check. Not a dealbreaker, but it was a little annoying.
AMBIANCE: Honestly, it's very open a pretty cool place for large groups of people. It's still overall quiet and it's very clean on the inside.
Chushang Spicy relies on your own choices to make a great meal. Overall, it's a nice place to go with some friends or even share a couple dishesWorst Chinese restaurant in phillly! Don't try so you can save money, food is trashy and service is the worst part, you will not want to deal with such a rude restaurant.This place has absolutely excellent food and is one of my go-to's in Chinatown. Both the ma-la soup and dry pot are both flavored super well and have a ton of customizability. You can add as much or little as you'd like, but they give a good amount so I'd definitely recommend sharing with a couple people and just going ham on the ingredients to add. 
It does take a while for the food to come out but it's well worth it. They don't joke around with the spiciness levels so get ready for some panting and some extra napkins to wipe ur forehead.Delicious Ma La soup, fresh veggies, nice wait staff. "Hot and Spicy" is VERY hot and spicy.I ordered lunch for me and my colleagues in this restaurant. Totally three orders of Ma La Soup. Two of them are missing Enokitake and Chinese Yam！！！However，they added extra protein in my meal.This used to be the home of a Dumpling place I enjoyed to go to in Chinatown. Sadly, that place never lasted and this is what followed. Let our Meet Up: Food Conquest begin! 
They easily sat a group of 25 in 2 minutes. As we walked to the back of the restaurant I noticed the place was packed. Decor was subtle earthy tones, booths instead of tables, wooden floor and the only pop of color was Red. We split up our group into 3 tables and began gazing over the menu, which is really generic for Chinese food. 
For Friday Night service they only had two servers work. I don't see how they didn't think that would become an issue, regardless of our group. To start it took them an hour just to get our drinks and our food didn't follow for another 30-45 minutes. 
Our Order:
Egg Drop Soup
Shanghai Stir-Fried Noodle
Hunan Chicken (Spicy)
Moo Shu Pork
Salt & Pepper Squid 
Spare Ribs
Shrimp Szechuan Style (Spicy) 
There was one last dish that never made it to the table. The Stir Fried Eggplant. Not sure why but they completely dropped the ball on that dish. 
We all agreed the best dishes were the Spare Ribs, Salt and Pepper Squid, and the Shanghai Stir-Fried Noodle. Of the three tables we had the lowest bill per person. $13 per individual (8 people). In the sense of getting the most for your money they're great but as far as service they fail.I used to come to Chushang Spicy to eat often. When my friend and I came today, many waiters changed, and their service attitude was very average. We have ask them for water, and their attitude towards us was very rude.  We ordered a little spicy dry spicy pot and a large spicy Ma La Soup. When we got our little spicy dry spicy pot, it was indescribable hot. We ask for solution, their answer was rinse with water??? Then my friend's and my stomach started get hurt. We don't expect to have a extremely good service in this restaurant, but I expect something better than this. Their attitude towards us like we owed them a lot of money. Never will come back again, do not recommend. If I could I will give them 0 star.The food was decent but the service was poor. I came in at 10:30 to order some food and they were rushing me. I assumed they were closing at 11 so they were rushing but they close at 11:30. I ordered the food d they ran out of calamari but I couldn't get a refund. I had to order things I didn't want instead. There was also a worker who came and sat near me and put her feet up in a chair yelling "I'm so f-ing tired" to a coworker. However the food was a 8/10 I enjoyed the flounder.The service really is as terrible as people said. We were super nice to the staff but the staff was very rude and completely incompetent. The food we ordered never came out, because the server failed to inform us from the beginning that they had run out of all 3 of the meal entrees. So we had no idea we were sitting for a whole hour a half for no food.
It's too bad, we really wanted to like the place.
0 starsDry pot. You're welcome. 'Nough said. 
Ignore the restaurant rating on Yelp. Hands down one of the best restaurants in Chinatown.Pros: Food was quite good! 
Got the pick your own ingredient Ma La soup, and we got glass noodles, beef, pork, enoki mushroom, white cabbage, fish balls, and fish tofu. Each ingredient you add is an extra $1-2, and there's a $7 minimum. Get either mild or little spicy! Came out to around $15 and was enough for 2-3 people.
au
Also got a sweet and sour chicken combo to split, which was the chicken, rice, small wonton soup, and eggroll for $9.50. The chicken's flavor was really good, but there was so much sauce it got soggy and the breading and chicken just sort of separated from each other. Rice was great!! 
The restaurant itself was clean and quite modern/new looking, so the experience was nice overall. 
Cons: Service. There were three workers and only us and about two other people in the restaurant with us, but all the workers were on their phones and didn't refill water/come over to get our order unless we called for them.Plenty of soup for you - annnddd errbody else!
Came here for a work lunch and what a great experience!
Located in Chinatown, the outside façade is unassuming and could be passed over on first glance. Parking will be tough to find in the area, so be ready to walk a little. The inside opens up nicely. More long than wide, the seating structure is well designed with ample space to move about but also have enough seats for small and large groups.
They have a diverse menu for appetizers and rolls, but the main draw is the make your own hotpot. On a paper placemat, you signify the broth, and all the additions. There are different levels of spice to indicate, and they don't hold back on the spice - so tread carefully!
I ordered the veggie broth, medium spice, added a bunch of veggies and the rice noodles. As this was the first time for most of us, I appreciated the server walking us through the process - thank you for answering all the questions and suggestions! 
The food came out pretty quickly once the order was placed and the portions are AMPLE! The serving was hot off the heat and soup bowl filled to the brim! So many veggies and noodles! One bowl is more than enough for two/three people! 
I thoroughly enjoyed the flavor profile of the broth and good mix of all the add ins.
The service was great as it wasn't too packed for our lunch time dining. 
Looking forward to coming back and trying different combinations!I like the food here. I tried Mala soup and Dry pot here. It's taste really like original Chinese food. The food are clean and fresh, even the drink Green tea grapefruit is the best in philly!! Can you believe they put half of the grapefruit inside the giant cup!  However be careful about the spice level. I mean to be honest I believe I am good spice eater, I can handle the middle spice at this store. But my friends can just handle little spice. But you could ask for less than little spice for your food.  One recommendation for this store is the speed for getting food. I remember one time in winter I wait 35 mins for my soup, but I understand when there are full people and customer have to wait. Well I am just wanna be quick when I super hungry !  I would definitely come back and try the soup  !Here's the deal:
Food is good. For the price you pay, you're getting a really good hot pot meal. However, IF YOU ARE ALLERGIC TO PEANUTS, do not come here! They use chopped peanuts with their spicy soup base and do not have an allergy warning on their menu or website. They will also tell you that people with peanut allergies have brought this concern up with them and since no one has had a bad reaction so far, you won't either.
Food - 5/5
Service - 0/5One star gives to the foods, the foods are great but the service is super bad ! ! ! one of the waitress I don't know her name , but she is acting so bad to customers and yelling to the customers ??? She was playing on her phone while I trying to call someone over to place an order for me, her attitude was super bad omg...I don't even know how to describe ....No matter how good the foods are but I will not come back to this place because of the service...OMG! OMG! I like this place! Food is amazing here, and service is perfect! There are two reasons that I like to eat here. First of all, waiters always give us suggestions when we order. Once I remember I ordered too much, then they told us that would be too much for two persons. They are really helping us to save money and preventing wasting of food. Secondly, the price here is very reasonable, you will get a giant crispy chicken with only $8! Furthermore, ma la soup is delicious here and price is very cheap. I ordered a $10 soup, then I got a very giant bowl and good amount of items. There is definitely no reason that I refuse to suggest you guys go to this restaurant. I love it!I was very hungry and my friend suggested this place for soup. We got a table right away for dinner. I noticed the cups for water smelled like cleaning products and plastic. We had to flag our waiter for ordering, more water, and for the bill. I got the wrong type of noodles, but they fixed it right away for me so that was good. The food was amazing, especially the soup! I hope they can find better service and a different way for cleaning their cups...
Food 10/10
Service 4/101st Visit:
Me: Can I have some ketchup? 
Waiters :  we already put all the sauce bottle back to refrigerator, so I can't give you . 
2nd Visit: 
Me: For my leftover, can you pack it for me so I can take it home? 
Waiters: oh, kitchen is too busy, you can do it by yourself . 
Wooooooooooooow,
For the first time in my life,I didn't left tips.
I have one last question, 
WTF are you here for ?1: If I could, i put no star, or even worse. negative stars for their services. The food is good, the soup base was good, ingredients okay. But this is a restaurant, I believe this is now the most popular place for Chinese MaLaTang in Chinatown, but restaurants suppose to be talking about service, that is why it is a restaurant. It is not like the chef made something and give to you right away, then there is no need for cashier, server, and no tips. 
2: I am writing this long review because I an really mad. I tried not be put bad reiews because I always put good reviews and good feedbacks. But just because it happened too many times. Just warn people who still want to visit this place: a rude, tall, big female cashier was rude, she had her hair up, and her attitude was the worse in the entire Chinatown, I say this since I lived here for 10 years already. Just naturally, she had a stinky face greeting everyone, I think that is going to ruin your appetite for having a warm meal right? Even if you try to be polite she is just like that. Dont argue against this, if you are in the service field, you should at least have some manners, I understand people have bad moods sometimes but how come she stinks all the times me, and my friends visits? Even my mom says this. We dont owe her any money, we dont owe anything. 
3: Okay, the important thing comes. First, one time I ordered the mushrooms with my malatang, told spicy on side, she said no problem. When i got home, no mushroom, no spicy, yep, already sad and not wanting to eat that much. But money charged, called and the person was like sorry, and what? Nothing, no solutions just sorry? Then they told me to give it to me to next time. So why you expect me to still go after this not responsible answer? Okay, then second day I ordered for to share my friend and to get my mushroom back. My friend chose the wrong thing, She wanted lunch meat but checked the quail egg box by mistake. She looked at the receipe after paying and noticed right away. She told the stinky face cashier she chose the wrong, after she went into kitchen to give the tickets. The cashier was like you cannot change it, ticket already sent???!!! Even after my friends asked politely once again, Wow, amazing, just after sent my friend told her but she dont bother to go back and tell the chef. Just want to say, i work as a cashier myself, the basic quality is to be polite and smile welcoming our customers, to make them happy having us for their meals. So how she still works there? Interesting question their manager hired her for making others angry. So my friend dont want to be polite anymore and just left, also giving her attitudes. In our restauants, customers change things and forget to tell us something, we are happy to help, and I think they are important, because they didnt request something insane or ridiculous and being rude. What we do everyday in restaurants are business, fulfilling customer needs, and the major things in food service field. 
4: dont want to go there anymore, since i can also make malatang at home, just sometimes want to eat it at work. I am 200% positive everything I said is true , if it not because of the food and the demand of malatang for some people, ChuShang wouldnt survive until now, including the stupid services. When they check out the to go orders, they are suppose to.double check items, once again, basic responsibilities, no argues, working and havimg a job is not funny and playing as joke. So, ------ negative review, wouldnt changeActually closer to a 4.5 star. 
It's kind of like a DIY hotpot style where you customize what you want to go in and they cook it in a broth and it comes out like a soup, if you add noodles it's like a customizable noodle soup with hotpot ingredients. The spice levels here are all one level spicier than what the menu would imply, so be careful. I would recommend getting 1-2 proteins if you're into that, noodles, and maybe 3-4 veggies and the total comes out to be about 13-15 dollars. The portions are enormous so you don't need too many items. Overall authentic and yummy mala tang.First time trying mala soup! Liked the diy option, you do your picks and they cook it in the kitchen and bring the soup to you.So surprised at the low reviews for this place! I have ordered takeout twice from here, so can't speak much about the service, but their dry pot is so worth it! $35 minimum and mix in various meat and veggies of your choice. We ordered mild, which was still a bit salty, but the spice level was totally doable. Portion sizing is obscure so we didn't know how much to order. For reference, we ordered about $50 worth for 5 people and had some left over. 
If you're looking for some personalized legit food, don't let the low rating here deter you.The food here is actually pretty good. Both the dry and broth based noodles are decent. Their dishes are pretty spicy. Their scallion pancake is also pretty delicious too. However, the service is very slow. We spent an hour and a half here, but only spent 30 minutes at most, eating. Most of it was just waiting for food or service. We had to repeat several times for mistakes or missing things. I hope their service improves because it wasn't even packed when i went.Vibes: modern, wooden tones, casual, lots of open space
Menus: a pretty standard Chinese restaurant menu (there is a lunch special on weekdays) as well as a spicy hot pot/stir fry menu, orders for which are taken by marking items on the menu. 
Tasting notes:
-Spicy "dry hot pot": items are $2.50 each, spanning seafood, meat, vegetables, carbs, and some other typical hot pot ingredients, and the minimum is $15 worth of items. Besides spiciness level, there is an option for garlic or oyster sauce. For 3 people, we ordered 9 items, which was a good portion for us, with an additional noodle dish. The medium spicy level had just enough peppercorns to numb my tongue. Dish comes topped with a healthy dose of cilantro. 
-Indonesian stir-fried noodles: lo mein, slightly sweet sauce, with slivered chicken, pork and shrimp, and strong chili flavor. By itself, the dish will likely satisfy one person. 
Will be back for: the hot pot version when it gets colder!