Their hoagies are very good. Perfect size and the prices are reasonable. The staff is kind and friendly. We definitely will be back.I keep light kosher, and I am limited with what I can order and eat. I have stopped and eaten at Chubby's a few time, and have greatly enjoyed their tuna salad on toasted rye, with pickles, lettuce and tomato. Delicious. Fresh and tasty. Priced fairly and well constructed.Coming from an interview in the area. I wanted a Turkey and Corned Beef hoagie badly. As I was driving I spotted this place. It was the best decision I made. The roll was fresh along with the meat, cheese and veggies. I forgot the price but it was reasonable. I haven't had the chance but I will definitely drive to Fox chase for another one of those hoagies.Sandwiches were great. Friendly people. Great service.  Just turned off that the guys making the sandwiches were not wearing gloves and then they went to the register and also took money from customers. Kind of not clean in my book. Actually disgusting. I probably would think twice about going back there. Very unsanitary!!!A great sandwich shop in the neighborhood!  I stop and pick up hoagies before I head down to Phillies games or for any other event.  The use great lunch meat and the bread they use is awesome.  I highly recommend trying a hoagie if you haven't yet.  The staff is always friendly too so they will chat with you when you pop in their store.I am sad to move away from this nearby sandwich shop.  The Monte Cristo was awesome and their deli meats made lunch easy.  You could also grab a gallon of milk or some eggs if you didn't want to fight traffic to get to a usual grocery stop.Chubby's is a little deli that sits on the corner of a residential area in Fox Chase.  The interior is exactly what I think of when I picture the perfect deli.  They have a few refrigerators along the right side wall filled with a plethora of beverages, several racks of chips, misc items for sale and of course GREAT Italian hoagies.  Anytime I see more than (1) type of Italian hoagie listed on a menu it peaks my interest because most good delis have a few different options.  I wasn't sure if I should pick the OG or Old World Italian.  The guy working the counter asked if I was hungry which obviously meant did I want a regular sized hoagie or one the size of a small child.  I was pretty hungry so he recommend the OG and it was a great choice. The sandwich was on a fresh seeded roll that included Dietz & Watson meat, everything was sliced fresh and the lettuce and onions were fresh and crisp.  I really enjoyed it and will definitely be back again.Moving to Philadelphia from Seattle all I ever heard about was that they had great rolls.  I soon realized that this was true but its not just a roll that makes a good sandwich.  I had tried many before I found Chubby's but I will no longer be searching!!  Chubby's is by far the BEST sandwich I have ever had. I also loved how nice and friendly the owner and his baby brother are. They worked hard and put quality time into making my sandwich.Wanted a great Italian hoagie...tried Chubby's after reading the reviews.  Glad to say I wasn't disappointed!!  The roll was fresh and hoagie was packed with meat and cheese.  Also tried a corned beef special and that was also very good. I will definitely be back for another great Italian hoagie!!Man is this place good.  
Tucked away off of the Rhawns, The Huntington Pikes, and Oxford is Chubby's.  It's Awesome.  Dietz and Watson meats, old school deli Pickles and it wouldn't be complete without a black Cherry soda.  New favorite spot.
Looking forward to warm summers days with the radio and the Phils!  
New Tradition born.Had the chicken parmigiana sandwich. Very reasonably priced and a huge sandwich for your money. Sandwich came with 4 chicken cutlets fresh out of the oven covered in a marinara gravy and toasted for extra flavor. Loved the fact it was a pasty type sauce to keep it from being messy when you eat it. I would definitely come back here and would recommend it to anyone in the mood for a sandwich. Bookmarking to maybe one day bring my wife if we are in the area againPretty good, nothing amazing.  the lunch meat and hoagies are all good for a local place ... but some of their prices are high.. over $5 for a gallon of milk, etc... Corner stores should make the basic items cheap enough that you want to stop in their all the time to avoid the supermarkets..  Agree with most though that the food is good and i'll go there againMy partner and I ate here once a week for the entire duration of our stay in Philadelphia, PA.
The subs menu was very broad and had almost anything you could want, not to mention they would customize anything. The rolls for the subs were freshly made from a local bakery and complemented all the fillings in the sub. I recommend the Monte Cristo or the Hot Fuzz!I live in Fox Chase for 38 years.  Never tried Chubby's until yesterday.  Awesome hoagie.  Made exactly the way I wanted it.  Great service and really nice people.  Plenty of meat, actually overwhelming.  Could not finish it so what I thought was going to be lunch turned into lunch and part of my dinner.   Will be back for more!This place by far has the best hoagies in Northeast Philly and possibly even the city. This place is a hidden gem tucked away in fox chase. I haven't been there in a few years so I stopped in today for lunch.
I was talking to the owner, he has owned it since 2011, again it had changed hands since I was last there. Wow! What a difference! I ordered an Italian on a seeded roll. I'm watching him make this hoagie I'm beyond impressed, freshly slicing the meat for my hoagie. None of that pre sliced junk. All sliced to order. I noticed about 6 trays of chicken cutlets, I ask if they are house made, figured they were because the place smelled amazing! The owner sells me on them, house made never frozen chicken that he does everything in house. So I couldn't resist and I ordered a chicken cutlet Parmesan as well. Again, it's up there with the top sandwiches in the city. The sauce was homemade, the cheese was delirious and toasted to perfection and the roll was on point.
This is the place to go if you want a great hoagie or sandwich. I will travel the 20 minutes to go there! The prices are great as well. $18.00 for 2 sandwiches and 2 iced teas. All freshly made etc. This place gets a solid 5 stars!Chubby's deli in Fox Chase makes the best hoagies! If you haven't had the pleasure of trying one you are missing out! If you are in the Northeast I highly recommend stopping by. My go to hoagie is an Italian on a seeded roll! Foose(the owner) never disappoints.This little, unadvertised corner deli, tucked into  the end of a residential block feels like a throwback to 1982.  Back then, right during my bike riding childhood, these types of places were all over Philadelphia neighborhoods.  They were the best convinience stores.  A place to buy milk, bread, a soda or a candy bar without standing in line and where the clerks knew you by name.  This place is the real deal.  And it takes online orders and credit cards
As others have noted, similar to Primos, but substantially less expensive.  That's seems very accurate.  The corned beef special was fresh and generous.  The rye bread is authentic, brought in from an old world Atlantic City bakery.  The only thing separating this sandwich from a place like Katz's or Steve Stein's Famous is the commercially made corned beef.  It's a good one, but it's not in-house home made.
The Old World Italian was very good.  Generous amounts of good quality cured meats and sharp provolone on a seeded Liscios roll. As good as Primos.
Also, good prices on deli meats and salads, especially the good selection of sale items.  The chicken salad does seem a little bland and watery for my taste.
Where this place really seems to excel is the hot sanwiches.  I had bot the hot roast pork and the roast beef.  Both excellent and overstuffed.  Paired with a garlic mayo and sharp provolone, they had just the right amount of heat and bite.  I for one don't love roasted red pepper on the pork, but if they let me substitute with long hots, it would be my perfect sandwich.Probably the best tasting hoagies in the city.  Packed with meat but prices are still reasonable.  Now they have hot sandwiches too.  You can't beat this place, everything i've ever ordered has been good.Absolutely the best I ever had I come all the way from Germantown part of the city and grab my family and I a fresh Hogie.....Chubbys old world italian on seeded roll with authentic italian meats and sharp provolone kicks primos ass! The rolls are really fresh and they slice the meat as they are making the sandwich.  Id much rather support this local place and need to try some of their other sandwiches but the old world is just too good so thats what we always order!Asked if it was first time since I already didn't know what I wanted. They were helpful suggesting certain sandwiches. Ended up getting the OG Italian. Couldn't finish it all but it was only because it was packed with meat! The flavor was fantastic! I got a half pound of macaroni salad which hit the spot! I Sat outside at a picnic table and was able to enjoy my lunch. I'll be back, and they gave me a rewards card buy ten get the 11th free! I'm sure I will get thereThis is definitely on par with primo's. I love how they cut your meat fresh when you order. The prices are great and the sandwiches are amazing and big without a doubt. So I've tried the Italian, OG Italian, Old Italian, tuna hoagie, tuna Italiano, roast pork, ham and cheese, water ice, and much more. I have NEVER been disappointed (except when a young kid gave me a roast beef instead of roast pork, but he clearly didn't hear me over the busy lunch crowd. Besides one mistake in all those times is a good record for me). 
It's hard to pick a favorite. I might say the tuna, because I hate canned tuna but his homemade tuna is made to perfection. 
When ordering make sure to ask for the seeded roll. That is the best hoagie you can get! 
Anyway, the best part is they are friendly and remember faces pretty well. My 9 yr old loves to go there for a small chat while he gets a sandwich and pop. They always treat everyone well and make a point to notice when you walk in the door. This is a local kid who purchased the store (that had failed through many owners) after a successful high school career in sports and academics (I think academics). He has run the business the most successfully, neighborhood friendly, and deliciously than any former owner.Walked in on a whim and had a great cornbeef special. Coleslaw was great and the rye was soft and fresh. Couldn't ask for anything more. 
Great personal service!Found this place by accident. Went in today for the first time, and I am quite pleased.
I ordered an Italian hoagie, and it was great. Waaay better than WaWa, which is around the corner. I'll be back to try the rest of the menu.
-Charlie WisniewskiBest sandwich shop in the area, hands down. Fast service, good prices, good menu. Food quality is very good. I work about 10 minutes away, wish I lived nearby, would frequent more often.My wife and I were looking for an Italian hoagie but didn't want to drive downtown to the Italian market. We looked up this place on yelp and it's didn't disappoint us at all. One of best Italian hoagies I've had in the city.Great hoagies!  Very generous meat servings. Outstanding variety on the menu. Fast and friendly service. If you are looking for a great local hoagie, don't miss this one.Great place for a hoagie!  Similar to Primos but fresher! Great fresh seeded roll and the meat tasted freshly sliced! Try the garlic mayo with anything! Excellent sandwichGreat hoagies made by people who know how to make a great hoagie. I'm very proud to have Chubby's as my neighborhood sandwich shop. Other neighborhoods should be so lucky.
Try the Chicken Cutlet Parm.... I would honestly vote it Best of Philly.Chubby's is the absolute best deli around! Every time we order from there the food gets better and better! 
Never change Chubby's!!This place is legit. Big fan of their Italian sub. Have been out of the north for a while, but god it was good to be back, especially when there's a deli like this.Chubby's makes really good hoagies. I tried this place because it was recommended to me. Would definitely go back. I only gave it 4 stars because I still think Timmy D's is a lot better. I would definitely prefer them. My opinion is that their hoagies are by far better.I'm italian and Foose makes chicken cutlet like my mother and grandmother. Its ridiculously awesome.
Roast pork italiano is another favorite! And on days when I give meat a break, Chubby's has THE BEST 3 cheese hoagies in the city. 
Fantastic people making fantastic food!!!One of the best hoagies in town get the whole and ask for a seeded roll i got a whole italian and it was the bombTiny corner deli with great home made salads and yummy, HUGE hoagies. Call ahead or you are going to be looking at a line ahead of you.The best deli in The northeast hands down! Their hoagies are delicious ! When you crave one you just have to have one.Chubby's makes the best Hoagies in Fox Chase and possibly Northeast Philly, the homemade salads are great as well, especially the potato salad. The staff is helpful, you really couldn't ask for more in a Deli. I would highly recommend this place! My wife and I go there often.Awesome place every one is friendly and the service is quick I feel bad for anyone who haven't went in and enjoyed a CHUBBY best deli in the city hands down!Best lunchmeats always fresh sandwiches delicious potato salad like Grand mom made.fresh rolls.I wanted to try this place since I live close by and I heard good things about them. I also got a menu in the mail so I wanted to try them out. I ordered an Italian hoagie. Sandwich was alright, passable. Felt a little light on the meats. I was able to eat the whole thing in one sitting unlike Marinucci's where you eat half and you're stuffed. Place will do if I'm snowed in and can't drive, will walk here if I have to.What a great neighborhood spot! We'd been in Chubby's once before and I guess I got side tracked and didn't write a review. Well, I'm fixing that now. Great hoagie and spotless store. Pleasant people as well! 
We promise, it won't be too long until we come back!The hoagies are good there. We have been going there for a few years now. Every time you buy a hoagie they punch a card for you and when you get 10 punches you earn a free hoagie. My wife went in for the free hoagie the other day. They told her she had to pay $1.50 for the roll so she left. I called there and asked all of a sudden why are you charging for the roll. They said we always do. They have never charged us before! So now they are lying you really are not receiving a free hoagie at all. I was not going there for anything free. If something is good I have no problem paying for it. But don't try to make me look like an idiot. The guy on the phone said I know who you guys are. He said your wife always buys sodas and chips so she doesn't notice the $1.50 charge for the roll. Mind you this is a takeout deli. I told him we never buy sodas and chips because we have that stuff at home. So then he got cocky and said I realize this is going nowhere, and said okay you win... Whatever... With an attitude like that you don't deserve my business anymore! I don't care how good your hoagies are I will go to Primos! All of my friends and family that I sent there saw what you did on Facebook. They are the ones who suggested that I put this on Yelp! Keep your roll, keep your sandwich, and keep your attitude.Delicious with lots and lots of options!! Definitely one of my favorite delis.  It's hard not to go back.  You can tell they really care about their customers from their very friendly service.  Highly recommend their homemade tuna salad sandwich!!! You won't regret it when you go in and give it a try.Food is good but they should be ashamed of themselves for not cleaning out front of the building. Looks like a corner store that belongs in the ghetto, not fox chase.I really like this corner deli. They also make breakfast sandwiches. The Paramedic is one of my go-to sandwiches here.Excellent Italian Hoagie! Big, lots of meat, not too much lettuce, perfectly seasoned with oil, vinegar and oregano. Great value at $6.75 for a 12" hoagie. My new local favorite.Come here for a sandwich literally every week at least. The portions are huge (enough for two people) and delicious. I have a rotation of about 20 different of their offerings but some of my favorites are the Cuban, Roast Pork Italiana, the Old Man, Saltin Bucca, chicken parm, and Italian/roast beef hoagie. Always on a seeded roll. 
The neighborhood deli vibes of this place make it welcoming and a real gem of the area. Why get a Wawa sandwich when you can get a much superior and larger meal here?We love Chubbies- they consistently have great hoagies and the staff are always nice to see when we go in. We usually order platters before the games and the prices you just can't beat. It's also super convenient that you can pick up other convenient store things like milk, eggs, etc.Amazing is an understatement. Chubbys fox chase deli is by far the best place in Philadelphia to get a hoagie. I've never been more impressed with an sandwich in my life. The meat is always fresh as for the rolls too. Tons of snacks to go along with your sandwich. I'm not sure what the average hoagie's cost is in the city but I'd say it's reasonably priced but I'm also a guys who doesn't mind paying for quality and this is quality food for sure . The owner of the deli seems to have a personal relationship with every individual who comes through the door. It's never just a grab your hoagie and go ordeal, it's really a neighborhood feel to sit watch him converse with his customers. The chicken cutlet is also to die for. I can go on and on about this place but truth is you just have to go try it.I grew up in Fox Chase and used to go here all the time for this sandwich. It's a roast turkey italiano, one of the best sandwiches I have EVER had. Today I went back there for the first time in a couple years and it's still just as amazing as I remember it. If you live in the area and have never tried Chubbies I suggest you fix that!One of the best kept secrets in NE Philly! Great little deli tucked away in the quiet little neighborhood of Fox Chase. Just the best hoagies I've ever had.  If you like Italian, try the Old World Italian on a seeded roll. You can call and order ahead, pay with cards (expect a swipe fee less than 40 cents) or stop on a whim. Family run, on a residential street. What's outstanding is the freshness of the rolls, meats and cheeses and generous portions of all the good stuff. Wide variety of hot and cold hoagies and sandwiches.  I've taken friends and every one of them really liked it. Try it - they do party and tailgating trays too - call ahead. Tell 'em "Lucky" sent cha! And have a great meal!Maybe the best deli in Philadelphia, it's definitely one of the best. The "old world" is the perfect Italian hoagie. They don't prioritize in-person orders which doesn't totally make sense to me, but call ahead and the problem is solved.Was in an the area helping with a move and needed food! Chubbys was a block away, I went to Chubbys!
The place is clean, service is quick and friendly and the prices reasonable. Had an Italian Hoagie on a seeded 12" roll for $6.50, Great !!! Fresh bright favors!
This Place is on My List!This place by far has the best hoagies in Northeast Philly and possibly even the city. This place is a hidden gem tucked away in fox chase. I have been coming here for years. Unfortunately today was my last time.
I arrived today around 11:30 and ordered a hoagie just like normal. This was the first time I was here and the owner wasn't. Anyway I went to pay for my order, it was a hoagie, 2 iced teas and a bag of chips. Total was around $14.00. I'm fine with the total that's not my issue. My issue is the lady charged me an additional .47 cents for using a debit card. I've always used my debit card here, I'm literally there at least once a month. I asked what it was and she said it was for a processing fee. Really? .47 cents? Strange....
This was a complete turnoff for me, it's not about the money. It just the point. Sadly Chubby's lost a loyal customer for a processing fee..I got the old world italian. It was ok. The meat and cheese was good, but they don't give you enough. The roll was pretty good. Also, the employee working the counter wasn't wearing a mask (he didn't even have one) and two other patrons were also in the store without a mask in sight. The city is being obliterated by COVID-19 and this is one business being irresponsible. Do better.Shhh don't tell anyone... Chubby's has the best Hoagies in Philly... Seriously the coolest folks, and their specialty hoagies are the best.. A little out the way from Rhawn or Veree, but worth the detour for sureAbsolutely the best and freshest...hoagies are huge...lots of meats stuffed into delicious seeded rolls...tuna with sharp provolone is excellent as is the og italian...macaroni salad is the best...the only "store " bought I will eat...potato salad is great too...nice people...just an old fashioned corner store serving the best hoagies around...well worth a trip to Fox ChaseSimply awesome sandwiches.  The bread is so fresh.  Hoagie is fantastic and you have to get the roast beef or corned beef special .. amazing and really cool local owners . Love this place