It was OK , i wont be going back, people coming up to the table passing out flyers disrespectful the waitress not remembering our order, just messy. one and done.The drinks was strong the food was good I recommend this place I was there yesterday celebrating a friends birthday I will be making another visit sometime this month I get a space of thumbs upOver priced drinks, mixing 4 or 5 different liquors and adding juice should NOT cost 15.00, and its not top shelf liquor either.  2 crab clusters and 2 pieces of corn should NOT cost 25.00! It's a shame since I live right up the street, I keep trying to give this place a chance, but every time I leave disappointed. I'm not even going to speak on the horrible parking. ..this place sucks ass !Great drinks. Good ambiance. Nice set-up. Waitress was a little slow, but once it started flowing, everything was good.
I can't wait to get back up there and order a plate of dungeness crabs. *drool*Good food. Awesome drinks. Can definitely get crowded during the weekend night life hours. The shrimp scampi was well seasoned and the mini crab balls were good. The mussels could've had more butter on them though. Fried shrimp was seasoned well and fried to perfection.Nothing makes me happier than being able to add an extra star on Chuck's Alibi. I like this place so much, that despite my moving about 30 minutes away I decided half way through my meal that I'll be making the trip back often! 
As I mentioned in my last review, all the negatives couldn't keep me away from the positively great crabs. So with a bit of mental preparation we stopped by Saturday night and were pleasantly surprised to find EVERY ONE of our previous issues had been addressed! We arrived toward the end of what I would call dinner hours (they serve late into the evening though) and the ambiance was  very pleasant. Frank Sinatra serenaded us at a ear friendly volume as we went to town on our Dungenous crabs. Late in our meal the clock did click passed 9 and the music got a tad louder and went to typical bar music, but still no where near the ear splitting level of before. In fact, I didn't see the guy that was running things on our last visit, and this time the manager in charge (an obvious seasoned veteran of the service industry, and an obvious positive influence on the business) made a point to go around to all the tables to check on things. The temperature problems seemed to be worked out too. 
If you haven't been, do yourself a favor and give them a try. Also, they have their own private parking lot with free valet, so don't stress about parking.Chuck's is a mix between a local pub, an Atlanta club and diner. I am merely reviewing the night life here because I came here for drinks on a Fri night. 
The music was by far the BEST part of this friday night experience. It was all old school Mase, 112, SWV, perfect for a few drinks....and maybe a shot.  
I would definitely return, everyone seemed to be enjoying their meal, unfortunately I did not stay much past midnight as I had to work the next day.Every single time (which is 2) ive eaten here the food is delish and then i have diarrhea for the rest of the evening......draw your own conclusionsI went with a couple of my gfs at 9:30 on a Friday night. The atmosphere is a very chill and laid back place. The place got pretty packed by 11PM. They have daily specials on drinks as soon as you walk in the door. They have $6 margarita specials on Friday. I thought the margarita's would be watered down because of the special but it was strong!!! The food was almost perfect but because of the you peel shrimp I am giving this place a 4 star instead of 5. It was toooo salty and spicy because of the buttery/old bay sauce it was in. Don't get me wrong...the sauce was good BUT I wish they had it on the side so I could dip my shrimp. Also, the bathroom is not clean!! But it's a bar so what do you expect?? No paper towels and hand dryer is brokenWent here on Sunday to attend an album release party so I was not dining in (and from the other reviews, I should count my blessings!) In the back of the restaurant through the doors is a really nice, intimate venue. It's ashame the bartenders suck... The bar was extremely crowded so I understood the long wait, however generally if there's and event , most places will staff more than one bartender. Its a novel idea, but it just might work! 
So after my friend and I got tired of waiting we went to the.main bar and the chick bartending had the nastiest attitude and horrible customer service. She proceeded to walk past us twice and serve other customers eventhough we told her we'd like to order, and the other patrons came up after us. So we went back to the slow bartender. And after he took 25 mins to get our order and spent another 20,mins reading the ingriedients on the menu to make our carribean punches we got our drinks in less than an hour. Based on that experience I would NEVER patronize the restaurant plus the parking situation is atrocious. Sux too cause the drink actually turned out good...While Chuck's is famous for its seafood, I have been twice in a week and have been very disappointed with the quality of food. Both times I got the whiting platter and both times it was poorly seasoned. I hope they can get it together soon but I won't be back for a while.It's is horrible here service sucks. It's a shame the neighborhood is changing and you can tell by this place. It's so ghetto here I mean really ghetto. This place sucks. The food was dried out and the server you could tell was more worried about her weave then serving us.Stay away from this place. We stopped here and my boyfriend was actually frisked before we were allowed inside? Drinks are way overpriced, music is horrible thug rap that is much too loud. We were starving so we both ordered cheesesteaks with mushrooms on toasted rolls. We got a cheesesteak, no mushrooms, bread untoasted. Bartender was rude and inattentive, eventhough the place was not that crowded. The bar and restaurant look good, but the food, the drinks, the service and the clientele leave much to be desired. Cannot believe this place is still open.The main bar is horrible. At times some of them bar maids forget that you paid for a drink and want you to pay again. The drinks are watered down and expensive. The fish sammich remind me of fish sticks in a hoagie roll. The cheesesteaks are good. The back bar seems to provide better service and for some reason the drinks in the back bar are cheaper. Parking is crazy. We had to park in the Wendy's parking lot. Luckily we didn't get towed. I guess since they got radio commercials they jacked the price up of everything.Worst service in the world. Our server had to be called several times, and still didn't take our first drink order until almost an hour after we arrived. It then took another hour to get a second drink. She forgot about the one appetizer we ordered, and asked if she could cancel it before we asked to pay the bill. Are you kidding? I would've tried actual food but waiting another hour or two wasn't worth it. And the audacity to include gratuity, apologize without offering anything....no. We had to flag her down so many times and she STILL ignored our table. We only ordered drinks, nothing that would require that much time to make. I have never been so frustrated at a restaurant. Save yourself the aggravation.Chuck's has one of the best cheesesteaks I have ever eaten. I estimate that I have been over 30 places within Philly that sells cheesesteaks. In fact it is #1 on my list slightly before John's Roast Pork in South Philly.
Anyway, I visited this place for the second time during lunch. My coworker and I arrived for lunch around 11:45 am. After we ate, we sat momentarily digesting our food when a call came on my cell phone. It was approximately 12:15 pm. Then suddenly, without warning, I hear very loud music playing from the jukebox. I found this to be extremely distracting, rude, discourteous, especially when people are trying to relax and enjoy their lunch. 
I'm sure the staff can find other ways to entertain themselves. The staff should have at least asked the patrons if they would like to hear loud music while they are enjoying lunch. I find it hard to find individuals and businesses in Philly who conduct themselves with class. 
Very poor experience although they sell excellent cheesesteaks and fries. Next time I return (if I do), I will have to politely ask that if there is music played, that it be played at a reasonable volume or not played at all. If they stammer or refuse, I will leave and never return. I still can't believe that the restaurant and its staff would be so stupid as to think it's appropriate to blast music during lunch. Stay classy Philly!Overall seafood is pretty good. I've had better and I've had worse. Drinks are good avg price is about $9. I believe the prices are avg for a seafood placeThis place is really going down!!!!... I was approached by a snotty nose bartender!!!! He was very nonsocial. I ordered the drink special listed on the board and he tells me that it was yesterday's special..."why the hell is it still on the board today!!!!" SMH. Ok so I just told him let me decide. The waitress came and told us she'll get to her in a minute. Why a minute, it's only 4 customers in the whole bar/restaurant. But whatever she came right back. She noticeably didn't know the menu well. We ordered... 20 minutes later she told us that they didn't have the shrimp I ordered. Why did it take her about 20 minutes to tell us that in an empty restaurant. I'm so done. I left!! This place needs to close down.On 8/3/2009, Heather L M. reviewed Chuck's Alibi and addressed several issues. The lack of sufficient air conditioning, the time it took the waitress to greet them, not a single bourbon behind the bar, no wet nap and an itty bitty lemon wedge. And although it appears that Heather likes Johnny Cash, the music was LOUD! 
Two weeks later, on 8/17/209, Heather says that seemingly all of the previous issues had been magically addressed. She's not sure if she was extra hungry but says the crabs were extra good! Well maybe they were fresh that day or maybe Chuck's was just having a good day, (which are few) but there is no magic here! It's been four years now since your last review and I can assure you that this is still a two-star aquarium and is still sliding downhill!I loved it the food was hot and didn't take long..there service was great I went for dinner in Sunday and got the crab legs and shrimp and was impressed...it's definitely a hidden treasureYelp is a FRAUD!  They were selling a  coupon $30 for $15 for Chucks n Chucks does not honor it.  Also, Yelp customer service does not return emails or calls!! THIS SITE IS FRAUD!!!I Consider myself to be a moderate restaurant patron.  I never  in my life came across an establishment that completely failed in all aspects of the dining experience.  We were a party of three seeking a late lunch.  One ordered a fish sandwich.  One ordered a half cheese steak.  And I  ordered a half of the special Italian sub.  The fish sandwich was served after 30 minutes and and came as the fish  dinner.  The dinner was 9 .99 the sandwich was 5.99.  The fish was overcooked complete with filet bones.  It s smelled awful.  After 45 minutes and only after several inquiries the cheese steak showed up as a whole sandwich with barley any cheese no peppers as ordered.  We informed them several times that we were going to be late for my mother's appointment at the fox chase cancer center.  At 60 minutes
They are trying to bill us and I was never provided my Italian Sub.  The Manager, Chris,  offered no courtesy discounts even for the Sandwich not served.  By pass this place.  There are many fine restaurants in this area.  Even the worse fast food would be better all around then this place.The drinks are decent. Better than a chain restaurant,  I have not been to a typical bar to compare them to. 
Seafood is really good, but I like to watch my salt intake so I often tell them "light" on whatever it is. I usually have salmon.  I think they are a bit heavy handed om the seasoning if left unchecked. 
They are a bit pricey for a neighborhood bar. I haven't had a BAD experience tho.
The cheesesteak is awesome.  Even the smallest size is not suited for once person,  maybe a very hungry man.Love the crab cakes and fries. Try the peach Long Island iced tea it's a Winner sit at the bar to avoid the gratuity feeNever again!! Food, Service, Staff, Bathroom, Drinks Sucks! How is this place still open?Where to begin? After sitting down at our first table; we opted to move to another due to the sticky substance all over the surface. After ordering and waiting for nearly 30 minutes for our food to arrive we dug into our meals with our PLASTIC silverware. The food was terrible. I'm pretty sure that the hamburgers were frozen patties. It was only after making it halfway through our dinner that we noticed the parade of ants marching along the half wall next to our booth. At that point we decided to cut out losses; which proved to be more difficult than you would imagine. Our waitress (the only one working) was nowhere to be found. It took another 20 minutes to locate her and cash out. I think I can safely say that Chuck's Alibi is off of my list of dining options.I visited here last week and everything was perfect.  They still serve excellent cheese steaks and I was afforded great service.  I have recommended this establishment as a potential site for my work's Christmas party.They have great service I like that they add the tip to the bill even though some people don't because u can't give them what you think they deserve but I use to be a server and that's gone with me but I had crabs and chicken cheese steak. The crabs was not fresh the meat was so mushy and my sister said her cheese steak was overly salty. So I give a twoWatch the cook make your cheesesteak while pounding beer. Chucks fills that greasy Philly craving all night long. The kitchen will stuff you with greasy bar grub that asks you to betray your diet but if it's Friday night, go hard. The menu is balanced by grilled salmon, crab legs, roast beef options. The staff was genuine and focused. The music was straightforward, not too loud or inaudible.Great food poor service I mean workers attitude I was eater manager flew out the kitchen screaming at a worker I changed my mind from applying there's lol a lil pricy drinks definitely pricey great clean atmosphere besides some workersOne and Done! 
We were looking for a place to hold our "girls night out". It won't be this place! The highlight of my dining experience was the waitress (a delightful young lady that could do a whole lot better in a more desirable establishment) and the bread. 
With that said there were several issues to name: 
1) I've never been to a restaurant where the table is set with a plastic place setting.
2) Unappetizing appetizer (muscles with the beard still in some) served with plastic plates to eat from.
3) Shrimp scampi over seasoned with lemon and over cooked shrimp. The Fried shrimp was huge but it was not seasoned and the crab plate had unidentifiable seasonings with a hard baked potato. 
The manager did take the price of my food off but by then the damage was done. 
4) The distraction of the staff (namely the manager and the "chef") walking around the entire time we were there. I can't recall the last time; I've seen kitchen staff that needed to be in the front so much. 
Overall the server was great but the service was horrible. By the time we left we advised the young lady to get another job in a better establishment. She could do a whole lot better and make way more tips than in this place.This place sucks. The food is average at best, and the service is lousy. Want to eat a seafood dinner with plastic utensils? Go ahead, enjoy. Do you want to listen to unbearably loud hip hop music while you eat? Enjoy that, too.
This was our second time at Chuck's and it was actually worse than our first visit. We went to meet some friends who were going to be there watching the Flyers game. I had heard from friends that the cheesesteaks were good, so I decided to try one.
I ordered a mushroom cheesesteak, and instead I got a chicken cheesesteak. Ok, one screw up is an honest mistake, but when the waitress brought out the second steak, it had no cheese on it. How can you have CHEESESTEAK without any cheese? On the third attempt, she finally got my order right, but the sandwich was average at best. The meat was dry and the mushrooms looked like they came out of a can. It was edible, but I will definitely NOT be going there for another cheesesteak. 
My girl ordered mussels. The first time they came out, they were literally smothered in garlic. It was overpowering, and not in a good way. We both LIKE garlic, but this was inedible. You couldn't taste the mussels at all. 
We sent it back, and the waitress brought another order of mussels in 5 minutes. My girl and I were both a little suspicious that they just scraped off the garlic and brought out the same dish, but the waitress said no, they gave us another customer's order. 
We still couldn't figure out what she meant, but we thought that maybe someone had ordered the first dish with extra garlic and it found it's way to our table by mistake. No, the waitress said that was how they normally fix them. Huh? 
While it only took 5 minutes to replace the mussels, it took three times longer to get me another cheesesteak, and just as long to get the third one after the second one was messed up, too. 
By the way, while the substandard food was replaced, no one offered to adjust the check, and the bartender (we were eating at the bar) still wanted me to pay $2 every time she refilled my diet coke. Considering the circumstances, I told her we should at least get free refills on our soft drinks for the rest of the evening. A few ounces of soda seem like a small price to keep a customer happy after you've made three separate mistakes on the food. She said she would have to ask the manager, and after doing so, she did refill our soft drinks for free the rest of the evening. 
The shame of it is, the mussels, when they weren't drowning in garlic, were actually quite tasty. But I see no reason to go back again after the repeated mistakes, and the other things (plastic silverware, much too loud music, and zero interest on the part of management (until I ASKED for a concession on the drinks, that is). Chuck's is within walking distance from my house, but I will be getting in the car and driving somewhere else the next time I want to have a decent dinner.It has great seafood and music. The crabs were good as usual. The sweet chili wings were excellent. Only bad thing is they only have one crab cracker for the whole restaurant.  Their mixed drinks are good and not watered down.Good food, terrible service. Expect to wait longer to order than it takes to order your food. Came today sat at the bar 15mins before being helped and it wasn't even crowded. Then was told I had to wait for the food server who was busy chatting... so I left empty handed. Same problem I had before but at least I left with food in hand. Won't be back again!Its kinda crazy. I've passed by Chuck's a bunch of times, and always thought to myself, whenever we feel like going out for dinner, but can never decide where, let's try this place.  I'm not so sure I'm glad we did.
We arrived on a Friday night, where parking was completely concealed.  They mention on their menus that they have a free valet service, to which would have been helpful, considering we parked a couple blocks away.  Speaking of parking, the homes surrounding Chuck's must not appreciate their business, as while we were walking to our car, I could hear two urban hillbillies complaining about how we took up two spots in front of their house.
So, we actually get into Chuck's, and we approach a friendly guy and tell him we'd like a table.  He responds by saying 'You can sit anywhere you want, anywhere that's available', which is kinda confusing, and leaves you staring people down who have their disheveled napkins on the their plates in front of them.  It was a busy Friday night with the music being played hard.  
Its busy, and I get that our waitress is a bit stressed, so I'm not going to knock the service.  She was nice and friendly and did the bare essentials.  
Had I known that this was a primarily a seafood joint, I don't think I would have gone, but it certainly wasn't a disappointment for my wife.  I ordered Chuck's Famous Alibi burger and she had the butterfly shrimp.
The burger was okay, nothing fabulous or famous about it, and priced decently, I suppose, at about 6.95.  The shrimp, however, were not as colossal as promised, and at 13.95 for 6, seemed to be a bit high.  I was completely floored when we were charged 8.00 for my wife's rum and coke.  
After all, I don't think I'll be back to Chuck's, and I'm kinda sorry that we went there in the first place.  I usually like to patronize mom and pop shops in and around my neighborhood, however, Chuck's is one alibi, I won't be using.The service at this place is the absolute worst. That is unfortunate because the food is pretty good and reasonably priced, but it isn't worth dealing with the rude and inattentive people who work there to get it.  I advise you to save your money and avoid this place.This is a virtual 5 star review, but in reality I'm only giving it 3 until it works out the kinks. 
THE GOOD: The Dungeness Crabs! A full D. Crab close to 2lbs (last night) that left me STUFFED to this morning. My girlfriend and I have talked about it 3 times since getting up! At only $14.00 it was a steal! I'll also say everyone else's food looked damn good too.
Also the service. It did take a bit to get our waitress, but once the ball was rolling everything was great. They gave me a free beer to apologize for the long wait (in actuality it was probably to make up for them bringing me the wrong beer in the first place, whatev...) AND offered to get us new hot fires half way through our meal! Who does that? 
THE BAD: TURN THAT FUCKING MUSIC DOWN!!!!! This place is a pub (well more on that in a sec.) but they have a ton of food business and even a steak shop, that was hopping late into the night, attached. BUT THEY WERE BLARING THE MUSIC LIKE IT WAS SOME SOUTH ST. MEAT MARKET! I can't stress enough, it wasn't just loud, but insanely loud! Everyone was having to yell at each other and read lips, including servers to customers. We complained and for a hot minute the guy turned it down, but 20 minutes later his jam came on and up it went. Also, the A/C seemed to be an issue with definite pockets of oven like heat zones that are battled by near arctic blasts over other areas, namely our table. As best as I could tell the music and a/c are not evenly dispersed throughout the place so one area is hot and quiet and the other is cold and loud, no middle ground. This will not stop me from going back, the crabs where that good. 
THE UGLY: The bar is set up jenky. I don't mean the physical bar, that's fine with lots ( I mean LOTS) of flat screens everywhere. But the liquor they carry is odd. Some top shelf brands of one thing, then rock gut brands of another. They only offer Bud, Bud Lt. Miller Lite, and Yuengling on tap (and had tapped the wrong keg for the Yuengling and I got one of the two Lites to start) So go with bottled, it'll be colder too. 
In short, the problems are minor and will probably be smoothed out in time. The upside is huge, with great food and good people...There is a new star in this often neglected corner of the NE, and that's a huge plus!When we walked in, my initial thought was - this was a winner.  Not only did they serve Dungeness crabs, but Johnny Cash was pumping through the place!  But then little problems began to surface:
- For starters, there were definite temperature issues.  It was hot outside and the air conditioning was having trouble keeping the place consistently cooled.  
- The waitress took a while to greet us though once she finally did, she was attentive and sweet.  
- The music was LOUD.  The mix was great but the bass was bumpin so hard I felt like I was eating in a nightclub.  Not appropriate for a restaurant/neighborhood bar.
- NO BOURBON!  Not a single bourbon behind the bar. 
But the food was awesome and as far as I'm concerned, that's what really matters.  The crabs were perfectly cooked and they served more than I could eat - for only $13.95!  And the side of fries was massive and perfectly cooked as well.  My only issue with the food was they did not provide a wet nap for clean up, just an itty bitty lemon wedge which was pretty much useless.
Since they have only been open for a week or two, I have high hope that things will improve and this will become a 5 star spot!The food is great. Service is horrible. If you order on the phone they leave you on hold forever and never return. They keep you waiting sooo long when you order to the point that you may think they forgot. The most disgusting thing is there was a roach crawling up my chair the last time I dined in and I have never been back!Slowest service in Philadelphia. Also they can't get an order right. The food isn't bad though.I am only giving 1 star because there is not a negative star option! I went with 3 other friends. I was in town visiting from Atlanta and wanted some crab legs. First,  the parking is horrible. It's a little lot behind the building and you just have to pray that nothing happens to your car. We go on in and end up seating ourselves. It's a Tuesday night so it doesn't seem to be that busy. Our waitress took forever to come over to us to take our order. It took us 15 minutes for our sodas to come. Well over 45 minutes for our food to come out. Finally when the food came out only 2 dishes came out. Or other 2 guests had to wait about another 10 minutes for their food and they were missing items off their platters. My crab legs were actually delicious...I don't know if it's because I was super hungry or what,  but my friends were very disappointed with their food. Their seafood platters were fried... No seasoning whatsoever. The waitress barely came over to check on us... At this point with the service...I had figured since gratuity is included in all checks over $50 why would she give good service. Her ass is guaranteed a tip regardless. We finish up our meals I asked for a separate check for my food (only because I had ordered additional food to go for my friend who wasn't able to make it). I was then told we couldn't separate checks when you sit in the dining room. I don't know if the server was making it up as she went because she didn't feel like separating the check.  No where on the menu did it not say you can't separate checks. The check was given to us... $160... are you kidding me??? She charged us for every soda refill... Didn't even give any kind of discount for the horrible service or for the 2 other friends in the party who were missing part of their platter. It's cool... We will pay and she WILL NOT get any additional tip out. 
It's really sad when you go out to eat to local establishments instead of these franchise restaurants and you have to regret supporting the local guy. The owner of this place really needs to re evaluate the nickel and diming policy and his wait staff. I am a server back home so it's very easy for me to tip more especially when good service is provided. I come home to Philly about 2 times a year sometimes more and I really look forward to checking out new places to eat and supporting small business. This establishment...I WILL NOT BE BACK... Nor would I recommend anyone to this place. Out of 4 entrees... Mine should not be the only one that was good. 
I don't know what this review will actually do for this business or even if the owner cares about this review. They look like they have been in business for a while,  but it's very unfortunate patrons don't know any better and it's become the norm and so common and acceptable for bad service at an establishment. I work very hard for my money and I don't mind spending it... But this establishment should somehow be held accountable and know that the people they hire from front of the house to back of the house should give consistent good service and good food. The purpose of people meeting up with friends and going out to eat is to have a good time. The highlight of the night should not be how awful of a time they had from service to food. Smh.It seemed like the bartenders made their own prices we spent $90 within the half-hour 2 Long Island Iced Teas that were $10 a piece and four shots $20 to get in for a comedy show that was horrible drinks of water down majorly prices are just ridiculousSecond time eating here tried to give it another chance. Arrived at 7:30 on a Friday night I ate around 8:30 my girlfriend that came with me didn't get served untill 9:00 pm and decided to take it home since I was finished mgt. was not not appalled by what happened offered 10percent off a ruined birthday dinner. Thanks but know thanks. Last time here. Oh he also offered free second round of drinks. I gotta drive all the way back to Lansdowne. Again no thanks. ( Bad businessMade the mistake to go back again.... why!!! The bar service was just horrible. Ordered my first drink and had to call the bartender over to request another drink. Finally I wanted a glass of water and didn't see the bartender; it's appears she's on the other side behind the pillar eating a bowl of cereal. Granted it's lunch time and it's only 5 ppl at the bar but at least make sure all guests are cool before you pour the milk. I decided to set my timer and just wait to see if she will tend to me. Nope!!! She did finish her cereal and then looked at her phone for a while before looking up. I called the waitress over to request a manager. I kept the timer running and decided to stop it when the manager came.  Another messed up lunch date trying to give Chucks another chance. SMH. I took a pic of the timer and the horrible bartender!!!Food was good, but i had to wait over 30 minutes just to receive my bill as my waitress was hiding in a little corner playing on her phone. It was quite interesting that she checked on every table but mines. Highly upset that gratuity was included because she didnt deserve not one cent. The experience counts for half of the visit so all in all I would rather just go to the seafood restaurant 5 minutes away.Can I give zero stars? An hour and 30 mins before we received food. After inquiring on food, the waitress said they where busy, but there where maybe 5 tables occupied or less. It's a waist of time. The meal was affordable. Inside looked nice, but the food was not worth the wait at all.I went there when they first open, food was good and at reasonable prices. Maybe the 3rd time I was there, I wasn't sure if they were short on staff but it took them 30minutes to get to us.  Of course, we decided to leave after waiting so long; after that time the place just totally turned me off and I haven't gone there since.
Eat in: awful
Bar: Good
Food: Delicious
Area: Not bad, a lot of traffic since it's right in intersection
I like the place, just hope you don't pick a rotten day to go where the staff is lounging around haha.I came here on a Friday night and first of all I was asked for ID, which wasn't bad, but my male friend was frisked at the door so that made me wonder. Then looking for a seat is the worst! The waitresses/bartenders were not attentive to our table once we found one. We had to basically clean the table off ourselves and wait over 30 minutes just to order drinks and then had to ask for the menu. Limited menu with crazy expensive prices for seafood that did not look fresh to me. I ordered Coronas. How could you mess that up? Never going back to that ratchet ass bar with women wearing scarves on their heads like they were going to bed? Not my style or on my level at all.So I've been here about 5 or 6 times now and have always had a good time.
There's two separate areas with two different bars and menus, the takeout area and the main area. The takeout area is good for a quick cheesesteak during the day and the main area at night has a nice, fuller menu. Lately, Chuck's Alibi has been my go-to cheesesteak spot.
And seafood is booooomb. It's smells so good and the taste does not disappoint! 
They had Karaoke night the last time I went (it was a Tuesday).My people.  Always check your bill because I always find that the restaurants that have a predominately black clientele always have some questionable fees.  First, there was a beverage tax on top of a sales tax.  Second, there was a service charge.  I assumed that was a slick way of charging a tip, so therefore I did not give anything extra.  I also did not like the way the waitress was rushing me to pay my bill.  We were not in a rush and I was still eating.  The positive side was that the food was good even though they did not have calamari, which is quite disturbing.I ordered 3 cheesesteaks and fries over the phone for pick up. The person taking my order was rude and unprofessional. After I picked up my order and pulled off, I realized that they did not put my fries in the bag. I went back to get my fries and did not even receive an apology for the mix up. When I arrived home, I had 3 chicken cheesesteaks instead of beef. When I called to let them know, the girl who answered just rambled on about how she didn't take my order so she didnt know it was wrong. Still no apology for the mistake, just a bunch of excuses. Unfortunately this is not the first time I had a bad experience with this restaurant and I will not be returning.Don't think I've ever had over cooked mussels but some how they managed to accomplish that.  Every dish was over cooked or straight up burnt and half of the food on the plate was cold as if they let it sit around until the last item was ready. The surf and turf ..shrimp was hard over cooked and over breaded and there were only 4 shrimp.  Most place give you 6 and the turf  lived up to the name as the steak was as hard and tasteless as a piece of artificial turf and the asparagus was completely bland..nothing on them..not even the basics like salt,butter, grill marks..nothing.looked like it was defrosted and then put on the plate.  Also they use this weird oil on the crab legs..not sure what it is but it's not butter and it smells and taste weird. Very cheap ingredients but the prices are the same if not more than a nice place with silverware instead of plastic forks.  Spent over 100 dollars on some crap we couldn't eat and ended up giving it to the dog and even he was looking at it crossed eyed. And what's with the tip included already crap?  Very disappointing to spend this much money on a rare night out and still hungry cause the food was too gross to finish. We ended up here because every other place in the area was packed. 1st and last time that we will step foot in this whole in the wall. A few suggestions ..1. Fire the cook immediately...ban him or her from ever cooking again for anyone, not even themselves! 2. Turn the dang music down..this is not a club with dancing so why is the music bumping like a dance battle is about to pop off? 3. Fix those raggedy behind tables!! What the...!?!? The table was rocking like the last supper on the titanic ..ridiculous! And you have the nerve to charge prices like a real quality restaurant . 4. Call Robert Irvine with restaurant impossible A.S.A.P. and get a whole over haul done cause to charge people that much and not deliver a solid product is a scam. We feel like we've been hustled..just forked over our hard earned money for something even the dog was sketchy about eating and he'll eat deer poop if you let him. (Sad but true..he's greedy) Even the sprite was nasty..never again. This should be a negative star review but its not allowed....one star is being WAY too generous! Crooks! I want my money back!My sister, Aunt and I went to this place and had a semi great time, but that was only because of the company. The food was great too actually. Our only issue was the waitress, who just so happened to be the worst waitress we have all ever came in contact with. For starters, my Aunt and I both ordered chicken parm sandwiches, Long Island iced tea, I ordered fried shrimp to go and my sister, who also had a Long Island ice tea, ordered a fish hoagie. The teas came out first of course and were great, but too strong for me, for I am not a heavy drinker, and we found out later that instead of asking, she just gave us top shelf alcohol instead of the cheaper $9 bottom shelf. Which was fine. I suppose we should've read the menu prior to ordering. Once the food started coming out, we realized that she put the order in as chicken parm with spaghetti. Granted it was loud in there so she might not have heard us, but her attitude once we told her about the issue was that of a spoiled toddler. She sucked her teeth and rolled her eyes and says " well it is loud in here."  Needless to say, we were shocked, but we let go. They put our chicken on bread and brought it back to us. Then out comes my fried to go shrimp in a plate. So I just said, " No ma'am it was supposed to be to go." With another roll of the eyes, she was off to put my shrimp in a box. The end of our time was finally here. We asked for the bill, and they charged us a gratuity tax that only went on my check. That too was fine, because at this point I was ready to go. I put a zero in the tip location and signed the paper. THE NEXT DAY I FOUND OUT THAT MY ACCOUNT WAS ON HOLD BECAUSE FRAUD. She had went back into my account and attempted to give herself an EXTRA $20 tip. My bank stopped the charge and I called chucks only to be met by another ruddy who told me that the manger wasn't in. I left my name and number and spoke a little of the issue, and I never received a call back. FYI go to the ATM before going to this place!!!!!Took forever for the bar maid to acknowledge me and my friend. She was focused on watching the tv and playing in her hair.  It wasn't even crowded at the bar - six people at the bar. I finally came here after my friends ranted and raved about this place. It took 30 minutes for someone to come take my food order. I ordered calamari and it took 25 minutes to get to me. When they arrived, they looked like bloated Cheerios that had been over fried. I'm good on this place. Not worth the hype...Save your money! This place is just disrespectful! $33.00 for overcooked chewy fried shrimp that came with fries saturated in grease! It's just not worth it! They deserve 0 stars!Never will I ever spend another cent here! Ordered food before 9pm through GrubHub for pickup. We sat in the lot until we got confirmation through the app that it was done at 9:27p. All we had was a crabcake platter with fries, a chicken sandwich, a salad and some buffalo shrimp.  Nothing major! My husband goes in to grab the food only to find out it wasn't ready and there was only 1 person working the kitchen. To make a long story short, we never got our food until 11:15p, and by that time we didn't even want it. Food wasn't that good and looked like it was just thrown together. And we had to have them fix our order because some of the things we requested weren't there. I get that we're currently working under different and difficult circumstances, but why even remain open or commit to taking so many orders that can't be fulfilled in a timely manner?? My husband said there was a person in there waiting to pick up some peel shrimp before he even got there, and this person was just receiving her order when we got ours! I'll never order from here again, nor would I recommend!!6/28/12
hmmmm
iced tea= gold peak
parking is pretty much non-existent so this location must get foot traffic 99.9% of the time.
music is very loud for lunch time.  Thankfully they shut it off.
A solid .5 star.  I knew it wasn't a good sign when the tea wasn't freshly brewed although the  waitress said it was.  I know Gold Peak when I taste it.
Service was pathetically slow. The server was pissed off about something and  couldn't get herself together for us or the 3 unlucky young men who arrived as we finished.
Food is fresh but overall meh-nothing to write home or to the next patron about.  Clean bathroom.  
That was the wierdest crabcake I have ever tasted.  Fried like a hush puppy.  No filler but it wasn't bluecrab either.  The server said it was lump; it was shredded and tasted like straight-from-the-ocean seaweed.
I DIDNT TAKE MY LEFTOVERS SO THAT SAYS IT ALL.  Anyway enough said.  Next.I was looking forward to hanging out with my friend but then I found out it was a bar. I was somewhat reluctant because I generally don't go to bars. It just isn't my thing. Then I learned it was a bar restaurant that was somewhat of an old school atmosphere no drama, good food, and decent music. 
I walked in looking around trying to get a sense of the atmosphere. Immediately we were informed that a Septa Group was having a fish fry and go ahead back. Of course we declined and say at the bar. There seemed to be bartender for everything, greeting, another for drinks, one to handle food, another to check you and remove your dirty dishes and empties. I initially looked at it as really cool but then as the night went on I began to not like it. I will explain why shortly. I was told the mussels were to die for. Well let's just I died for a feed minutes after my King Edward Mussels came. This was a yumful moment. Juicey, sweet (not sugary) but slightly firm in fresh garlic, parsley, buttery sauce that I wanted to drink. I didn't drink it but considered it. Then I dove into my buffalo shrimp. OMG! Theses little "fishies" went we-we-we all the way home to my tummy. A side of blue cheese was provided. Every was this crisp y outside with perfectly cooked shrimp. I was so pleasantly surprised by how delish this food was prepared, plated and served. This place to look at it is a typical bar not fancy at all. The musics rotated skipping from the 60's put to present day. People were laughing , drinking and eating and every now again someone would feel the music and dance a little. It is a chilled atmosphere and overall layer back. This was what I needed chilled with good food and good service. 
The drink bartender gave my friends and I a sample of this frozen drink that was sitting on the counter. I ordered one and it was like a strawberry fruity daiquiri. It was so enjoyable.
The bill came and it at a service charge, tax, food charge. I trough it was my entire bill. Nope! It was only for the food. Then before leaving we realized the bill didn't mention the drinks. I asked because I didn't want any drama being that I wasn't a local. That is when I was told $10. I laughed because the bartender laughed but this man was serious. In my mind I was puzzled because the cost was similar to the cost of a few higher end places that I have been. After I got over blinking rapidly I paid him and tipped. This was supposed to be my frugal night, keeping my cost under $25. Not here I spent almost $50 between the food drinks and two bartenders. I wish the bartender had told me the cost of the frozen drink and informed me of the drink specials that were $3 and $6. The bartender who handled my food took my money to cover my food. When she returned with my change it was short $.30. I asked her what happened to the rest of my change. She told me Oh! You want that? I said, "Uh yeah." She paused and looked at me as if I was being unreasonable and then said "well I didn't have any change". She then pulls out 2 quarters and gives it to me. What nerve to make an assumption like that. If she keeps the change from other customers all night who knows how much she can make above and beyond her hourly rate and actual tips earned. That was stealing, in poor taste, and unethical. I gave back a quarter because it was about the principle of the matter. That type of waiter can be bad for business.The Devil himself must be cooking at Chuck's as the Dangerous Deviled Crabs are proof! Don't count on getting what you ordered either. That's a 50/50 chance. But you can count on a long wait. Everything is served on paper plates with paper napkins and plastic utensils. No table cloths either. It's just like eating at Wendy's but a lot more expensive. I think the city health inspectors are even afraid of this joint! Seafood house? This place is more like MEET JAWS! And be sure to bring a pair of ear plugs as the volume of the rap music is very, very L-O-U-D! Enjoy!Really bad experience. Long Island was mostly ice, party of 6 had to wait 45 mins for cold food. Cheese steaks cold, Alfredo cold, my scampi was extremely watered down, whiting was just a frozen filet deep fried with no flavoring. We just paid for the drinks and on our way to TGIFridsys. Never again.The fool was horrible the ribs taste like chewed up tires with barbecue sauce slept on top of it they must've been in the freezer for a month then pulled out of the freezer threw them in the fryer and slap some sweet baby Ray's sauce on top of it I was so disappointedThis is a local bar  restaurant nearby the food is usually really good but the drinks are off the hook. I would reccomend if you come her to try the fried shrimp and the crab legs they are the best!!! I also like how the bartender makes the mixed drinks they are always very flavorable. The price is a little expensive but it well worth the money i put out. I will come back again in the future. You should try it too....After being a go-go bar during the mid to late 1960's (The Wedge), it became Chuck's Alibi. It was a great neighborhood place during its early years. But during the years since, it has had many names and many owners. (Chuck has maintained ownership of the buildings). After being closed up for a long period, the joint has reopened again as "Chuck's Alibi", but again this business has another new owner. The food seems to be overpriced, not very good at best, and is served on disposable plates with plastic utensils. (Just like Wendy's around the corner). And be prepared for a long wait! The drinks are good but the prices are rediculousley high! $8.00 for a rum and coke? This is not center city. This is a neighborhood bar, although very few neighborhood people come here anymore. The music is very, very loud and it is actually obnoxious. Too much Rap and Hip-Hop. The live music is gone. No parking to speak of. A little lot tucked away in the back. They claim to have valet parking although the night I was there they had just fired the attendant. And there is a huge turnover of employees. This joint is for you If you like public transportation, poor service, high prices, loud music and having dinner like your picnicing at the park. As for me, I would rather picnic at the park. It's quieter and cheaper!So I took my family out for my wife's birthday.  Every time we drove by this place we said we wanted to try it.  Needless to say I was not impressed.  Our waitress was great,  so service wasn't an issue.  The food was.  The place needs a major face lift.  It really could be a great place, but I'm sorry I don't need to hear @ss up nose down playing while I'm eating.  Over cooked burger,  dried out chicken parmesan no free refills, gratuity added after you hit $50, all equal taking my hard earned money elsewhere.bad food. bad service. bad atmosphere. the burgers are frozen shop rite burgers. they give you plastic utensils. they play rap.  awful.Terrible service , they renovated the place so it looks completely different. First of all it's cash only which is super weird. What kind of the establishment doesn't accept cards? I asked the waitress and she's like there's a machine but they only accept cash going on 4 months. The bartender didn't crack not one smile. They food waitress didn't come over to ask for our order.
My boyfriend had to go across the bar to get our order. I looked over and everyone was on their phone. Then , our food didn't come at the same time. My boyfriends food arrived cold so we sent it back and I had to wait extra 30 mins for mine. I would no recommend this place. They had a TON of security and they search you which is uncomfortable. Like I will NEVER recommend this place to anyone . Oh and not to mention our drinks were $48 for 2 drinks !!! You do the math.We stopped back this past weekend and it seems the previous issues were all magically addressed!  The music was much quieter and was more appropriate for dining, the temperature was consistently cool, and they served wet naps with the crabs!  
And the crabs, I don't know if I was extra hungry but they were extra good!!  This place is definitely a winner.I have come to chucks alibi before but this has been the first time I have been here in a while. It was a cool experience, the restaurant wasn't packed and the vibes were chill. It did take a minute for us to be served at the bar. There weren't that many guest but the bartenders were taking their time. It took about 20minutes after we put a drink order in to put a food order in after that. When the food did arrive it was excellent. The teriyaki wings were top notch and the bbq not so much. The shrimp and salmon salad was extensive good down to the last bite. This was really the best part of the meal. Even though the bartenders were moving at a slow pace, they were friendly. The drinks weren't that strong to be honest and they had way too much ice in the cup. Overall my experience here was about 3.2 star  rating. I want to come on the day they have unlimited crabs .SO.....Chucks Alibi.....hmmmm.....
Ok, Chucks Alibi came up as a new option to head to for our friday lunch time. We were in the mood for seafood, and someone suggested we try here. So, quick jump on Yelp to see what my fellow Yelpers have to say about the place. *Price is Right Horn* 2 Stars? Yikes. But, I decide to dig deeper; and there seemed to be an often repeated phrase: "Crappy place, terrible service.....FOOD IS GREAT THOUGH." So I figured I'd at least give Chucks Alibi a chance to set the record straight.
Friday rolls around and we make the trek over to Five Points. NOW, Chucks has a TINY (and I mean TINY) private lot, but anytime other than midday, the parking here is probably a nightmare. Located at the intersection of Castor, Oxford and Rising Sun, there isn't much in the way of where to park your car. I'm not sure how anyone going here at night manages. We were able to park in the lot, but again, it was midday on Friday. 
Upon walking in, I immediately saw how Chucks earned it's 2 star rating. The inside itself skews a bit toward "dilapidated." It's old. And not just in "behind the times," although it is that too, (there is a section of those half round velvet booths like Tony Montana sat in in Scarface). The inside seemed run down. Upon entering the dining area, there is a huge bar taking up almost the entire first floor, but there appears to be a dining area off to the side, and a split level situation next to that. We choose up, and headed to the aforementioned Scarface booth section. Along our way, we pass a man (maybe an employee?) fast asleep in one of the booths. Not a good look. 
We choose to sit at a table rather than the velour mafia booths, and notice that the table is sticky. Gross. At this point, one of our four even says, "man....I don't want to eat here." It was at this point that I mentioned the reviews. "Good food, terrible everything else." So he relented and decided to at least try the food. Our waitress came over (very nice btw. We had no problems with SERVICE, except for a sneaky little caveat that I'll get to....), and handed us the menus. We order and wait for our food. A crabcake sandwich for me, buffalo cheese steak, chicken parm sandwich and 1 pound of Dungeness crabs for the others. The food comes out, and looks fine, so we dig in.
First, there are no crab crackers here. That's insane. A place that sells crab legs doesn't have crab crackers! My friend pointed out, almost assuredly correctly, that they probably get stolen, so there's that. But still, if you come here for crab, either bring your own crackers, or get your hands nice and ready.
The crab cake sandwich was good; it wasn't jumbo lump, but it wasn't backfin, canned crab either. Decent. The buffalo chicken and parm sandwiches got, "actually, pretty good" descriptors. The crab was described as "delicious," so I guess there may be something to the reviews after all.
Now, the sneaky caveat: Chucks Alibi ADDS GRATUITY TO THE TIP, no matter what. We wound up double tipping, as we didn't notice until we got back to the office. Ugh. 
I'm giving Chucks Alibi 3 stars, as the food was good, and thats what matters MOST. The table being sticky is seriously concerning, but I didn't get the vibe that that place is DIRTY, just definitely indicative of its geographical location. We didn't try the drinks, but I hear they do that well as well. 
I'd give them another shot. It's definitely someplace to go if you're not the pretentious type and just want some good food without all (or ANY really) of the fuss.Food is fucking nasty no seasoning Crab legs seem old.  I spent so much money on seafood and all of the food is awful never again will I order from them FIRE the Dam cook they clearly don't know what they are doing.   Food nasty just like the Heroin looking Waitresses. Chucks have went down Don't waste your time eating there.Had a wonderful time.The food was superb and our waitress was very professional,and quite attractive,I must say.
The food was cooked just right,and we even spoke with the cook,on our way back to the parking lot.
If you go,and have never been there,make certain you ask for the beverage,"The Ali Bomb",and make sure you drink the limited amount of two(2).
Before u drink though,please make sure that you have someone to drive you home.Yes,do not attempt to drive,after two of them.Now,this spot is really,cool and cozy in the winter time.Nice music,and just a place to chill,with your sidekick,sidechick,wifey,husband,or significant other.
Make sure that you are hungry though,because the portion sizes are great.Remember again,"Ali Bomb".well as usual i returned to chucks evrything wasnt so great with my waitress she took to long to come to my table and when she did she greeted me with her name (ashley) and told me what the drink specials were after that she returned with my drink and took my food order she did not serve my food another employee did but that was fine the food was excellent but my waitress never returned to me.. i had to stop someone else and ask for napkins and still she didnt return it wasnt till i finshed my food and my drink was gone that she returned and asked if i would like another drink i said no and she gave me my check. i still do recommend chucks alibi but i sure enough know i will never recommend ashley as your waitress.I'm one and done.  My husband and I went there since we heard about them on the radio and it was our anniversary and we just wanted to try someplace we had never been but going there was a mistake.  There were only a couple people in there since it was the holiday and it was still early so good start.  Since we had never been there before we didn't know that we should seat ourselves.  When we were greeted by the bartender but she walked away so we had to stop another worker passing by to ask if we had to be seated and were told we could sit anywhere.  We decided to sit in the upstairs area so we could look around the place.  The waiter came and gave us menus and asked if we wanted something to drink and I asked if he could give us a few minutes and he said OK. After too long of a wait  he came back my husband asked if he could wipe our table off since it was still messy from the last patrons.  He wiped it off but left it so wet that I had to use tissues from my purse to dry it up some.  I ordered a frozen drink and he ordered wine but as I watch from above the bartender takes the remainder of what was in the pitcher from my drink and puts it into two shot glasses and sits it in front of two other people who were there drinking and laughing with her.  I really feel that if I am paying for the drink and there is some left it should be given to me and not another patron.  If that's what she wanted to do it should have been out of the view of the customers.  I received the smallest piece of corn ever with my order and for that kind of money I feel that a little more care should be given in how a plate looks before it is served to the customer.  The only good thing about the visit was that the flavor of the food was very good and our server was nice but I think the staff needs more customer service training.  No talking and chit chatting when there are customers because too much time passes before the customer is thought about again.Not sure what happened with Chuck's over the years, but it went completely downhill. Decided to come here for a last minute happy hour with my husband, and talk about being completely ignored. We sat at the bar for a good 5 minutes without being acknowledged. I could see if it was packed but it was literally 2 other patrons and the rest were workers. My husband had to get a barmaids attention to ask if she's serving, but I guess that wasn't her area. Still no menu, so after another 3 minutes of no service we left. Never again will I attempt to give them my money.My husband and I went in one evening because we live close by and wanted drinks and a quick bite to eat.  Didn't even get that far, because the atmosphere there was just loud and weird, so we turned right around to look elsewhere.  Even if the food is great it felt like a loud, crowded, messy place and not particularly welcoming, that's all.Seafood here is awesome. Drinks are super expensive for a bar though. I believe they charge you extra after a certain time or only doubles after 6pm which is ridiculous. Service needs a pick-me-up because it really shouldn't take me flagging down the waitress for napkins to get attention when she had two tables. I come here when I'm in the area. Not somewhere I'm going out of my way to get to.I ordered my food, called to confirm, was told to come in for the food it would be ready in 10 minutes. I went to pick up the food and the staff were extremely unprofessional. I waited 2 hours to be told my order was given to someone else. When I asked how much longer it would take to have a new order placed, they stated they already  had to orders waiting. They attended to make no accommodations for their error and mistake. Definitely will not order for this place again..Soo here's the truth about Chuck Alibi...
This is my neighborhood bar and I'd say that this place is as versatile as it gets. You want a drink, a shot, good food, good music, random experiences Chucks can do it all. My TIP: Bring Cash
Now here's some of the things that I struggle understanding. The turnover with the staff is insane. There's always new faces in there. No biggie just something I've noticed. The other thing, is the service especially when it comes to ordering food is eh meh. Normally when I come here I'm here to chill so I don't mind but could definitely improve.
NOW HERES MY PET PEEVE.....There's a separate bill for food and drinks!! Wtf!! That's gets me every time! 
All in all go to Chucks and have a great time. It's worth itthe food there at chucks is amazing and the drinks are made just right. most of the waitresses give great service. the bartenders there also a plus good service as well... love the crabs and the mussels there and cheese steaks too a must have... i have been going there every weekend siince they reopened the place as chucks alibi...i recommed this place to alot of my family and friends... i went to chucks tonight the food was great as always my waitress was very attentive checking on us every so often she greeted us with her name (crystal) and asked what we would like to drink i had a baybreeze and my husband a beer.she came back with our drink in a timely manner and then took our food order.the food came out very fast i was happy i came out to chucks tonight and im definitley going back there for some crabs...Had the displeasure of going to this bar/restaurant last night. My date and I walked in to be greeted by....no one. There's a hostess stand but no host. A bar patron had to tell us it was self seating and good luck flagging down a waitress. Chucks doesn't look like a bad place just a tad dated however the rap and booty music loudly blaring throws off the ambiance. Our waitress took our drink order and then not even a minute later another came to do the same. When we told her our order had been taken and pointed out our server she sucked her teeth loudly and stormed off. My dates drink(Bloody Mary) was decent however my coke was served in a dirty glass. When I asked for a clean one I was given a dirty look and a new soda 5 minutes later in a Styrofoam cup with a lid. Our appetizer was served WITH our meal. The food was all sub par and I was given ranch dressing that was so old/spoiled that it was separating. We picked at our food, paid the bill and left where we almost got hit by a car coming out of the parking lot. If you're looking for somewhere to dance and drink this place is probably decent but for anyone else don't bother. I now understand why this place needs an alibi.