Easily the best Chinese food in the area.  I would avoid eating at the restaurant itself, but for take-out it is as good as it gets.  
So many great items: steamed dumplings, eggplant w/ garlic sauce (w/ or w/out tofu/meat), shrimp in tomato sauce, singapore noodles, lo mein, crispy noodles w/ black bean sauce, 5-spice squid, general tsos and hunan chickens...ugh I give up.  The list goes on.I went due to the great reviews and an article on "must visit dumpling stops in Philadelphia area"  someone had sent me a couple of months back.  I can't see what the big deal is.  The dumplings were nicely made and presented, but the flavor was well.... weird.  It tasted almost like there was a little something extra in there like liver, or other innards.  I can spot that flavor a mile away.    My wife had a similar impression.  It came with a strange, sour tasting, bright red sauce? We both liked the Peking duck wrap appetizer which tasted very good.  The Singapore noodles were OK, but not out of this world in any sense.  It had quite a bit of curry and the shrimp were tiny, like the kind you get in cans.  Finally, we had also ordered Szechuan beef which was OK, heavy pasty sauce, but no outstanding flavor profile of any sort.  We will not return here.  
The restaurant was clean, and service was friendly and attentive.The food was good. it all seemed freshly prepared, and both the meat and vegetables had a freshly grilled or stir-fried flavor that so many restaurants lack. The restaurant is attractive, and the proprietor was very friendly. The attentive service was marred, for me, by a waitress who reached across me unnecessarily several times--to fill the water glass of the person on one side of me. It became worse than annoying, although I didn't complain. I should have--she all but knocked the fork out of my hand a couple of times, and I began to look for her before I lifted a forkful of food. It was a shame to do this to what was otherwise a very nice meal.We have been coming to Chun Hing for over 20 years and it is still our local favorite. This family run restaurant is extremely friendly. If you are a regular customer, they will get to know you and remember your favorite dishes. It is BYOB., though often the owner offers you a bottle of beer on the house. I am not sure if this courtesy is offered to all the customers or just the regulars.
The restaurant is tucked away in a corner of the Pathmark Shopping Center on Monument Road, just east of the new Target shopping center on City Ave. It is a hidden gem but well known to the locals. If you are visiting the area and staying at the Crowne Plaza Main Line check this place out!
On the menu you'll find all the basics though they do specialize in Szechuan cuisine and they will make the items more or less spicy to your taste. Shrimp egg rolls, meat dumplings, wonton soup are all excellent. I love the "squid five spicy taste" which is a Chinese version of calamari , fried crisp, very salty and spicy, and served with shredded lettuce and scallions. Other people swear by the Mr. Sherman shrimp in garlic sauce (you peel em). Singapore noodles are also a favorite. 
Take a look at the specials posted in the entryway as you walk in. I like the fish in black bean sauce and mussles with garlic and noodles. 
If there is something you particularly ilke to eat but don't see it on the menu, ask if they can make it for you. They are very accomodating.
Highly recommended.CH suffered an early morning fire on Jan 24 2017.  Good news is no more bad health dept reports resulting in closures.  Bad news is the food during its glory days was very good.  The glory days ended about 2 years ago.Love their house eggrolls and especially their fried meat dumplings, which is more like a sausage meat, so not your typical dumplings and that is a huge plus. very tasty!Had not been here in 10 years,  gave it another try.
Tofu Clouds were fluffy with a tasty sauce. Shredded Chicken came with a smoky sweet sauce and broccoli. Steamed meat dumplings were plump. Singapore Mei Fun came with more onions than I'd prefer but did come without peppers per our request and had a fried egg, always a nice touch.
Service was friendly and my order was checked before I left.Easily the best eggrolls you can get and Ive eaten about a thousand of em I live down the street from here and have eaten here hundreds of times I will now proceed to misspell my favorite items on the menu lol yung chow fried rice is awesome it's basically fried rice with everything including the kitchen sink....noodle soup is awesome I usually get mine with shrimp but you can get it with different things including duck...egg rolls especially the shrimp egg roll is better than anything Ive had in chinatown I must be honest that even though Ive been there often I rarely have eaten anything beyond these items because they are so goodLove this place. The staff are so sweet, and coming here feels like home. The food is very fresh and lovingly prepared. Some of our favorites are Goldmans scallops ( big, sweet scallops with a spicey sauce), tilapia with ginger and scallions. The cashew chicken has a wonderful smokey flavor I've not found anywhere else.   The chicken with Chinese herbs is unique and lovely. All in all a very nice place I love going to.I'm generally not a fan of (American) Chinese food, but on a cold evening with absolutely no motivation to cook for ourselves my boyfriend and I chose to order take out from Chung Hing while watching 'The Wire.' My boyfriend assured me that this place had the best Chinese food in the area, and the owners (a family-run business) knew his family not only from frequent visits to their restaurant but also from sending their kid's to the same school.
At first glance, I was definitely skeptical about how great this place was - I mean, its located in the midst of a Pathmark shopping area, a bit out of the way from City Line Avenue. The place itself looks like a typical Chinese restaurant: minimal decoration, large tables clustered close to one another throughout the large single room. The women were very nice, double-checking our order to make sure we got everything we ordered. They completed our order very quickly, despite having several huge groups to look after in the restaurant. 
The food itself was pretty good - and I'm saying that as someone who tends to avoid Chinese food. Vegetable dumplings were delicious, the sesame noodles were good (but a place near my country house still reins supreme with their recipe), however while the Chicken Sauteed "Shing Tau Style" was cooked well (we chose broccoli for our vegetable) it was not spicy AT ALL. And we specifically asked for very spicy. But otherwise the food was good, better than the usual Chinese places I've ordered from, but I'd probably only go back because of the family connection.Been coming to this place for 30+ years, in 3 successive locations.  Used to be our favorite in all the world, now not so sure.  Got 2 terrible city health inspection reports in 2016 as reported by Clean Plates Philly.  Has changed hands recently and there is now an additional Sichuan menu which does not thrill me much.  Hot & sour soup still good, but now slightly oily.  The non-Sichuan dishes we've had in the last few meals are still as good as ever although again slightly oily. We are wondering when the health inspector will reinspect and what that will report.  Patronage is down but how much of that is due to a shopping strip makeover is a question.  We are sticking cautiously with CH for now, but have cut down the frequency.Incredibly good Chinese food! They make their own everything. It's a more authentic and not-so-deep-fried Chinese food experience. My only qualm is how little rice you get with your meals.Maybe if you are a TV reporter and are treated like royalty or Ed Rendell who they do not charge for his food.  The waiter said he would not give us just soup and appetizer, not a big enough bill. One other time I was getting over being sick and I wanted plain fish without sauce, they said no, we do not do that. Also they fall all over the reporters and you are forgotten about with bad service.   Do not expect to be treated well unless you are someone special of the ex Mayor or Gov.
Food is also old fashioned American Chinese food served in either white sauce or brown sauce.Went here for the first time last weekend. 6 of us went out to dinner, and it was quite the pleasant evening. It's a BYO, which is great, and they don't charge a corking fee. 
One of the guys I was with ordered an order of the fried dumplings, and only wanted 4, but he got 8 instead. He was only charged for 4, but didn't really want all 8. The rest of us split the remaining dumplings amongst ourselves, and they were quite good. Apparently, that's one of their most sought after things on the menu. They came out late since they had a lot of orders for them that night. The rest of the food came out haphazardly and a little like family style, which I didn't like since I was eating soup while everyone else was waiting for their appetizers to come out. 
The strip mall that the restaurant is in doesn't look too promising, but once you walk into the restaurant, it's got table cloths and looks really nice. I would definitely good back here again, as the food was good, and very reasonably priced.the food here is always hot, fresh and delicious....flat out.  the atmosphere is quiet and the decor is a bit out dated.  the wait staff is nice, they try very hard but there is a language barrier. management however is horrible! 3 out of the 5 times I've been here there has been an issue with pricing....aka charging for things or requests which would normally would be free or non existent at another establishment. I came here with my mother and four children  (all 2-3 years old) during lunch time. I was going to order four meals and share with the whole table. first they told me I had to order at least 5 meals, I said NO! these are children and they cannot eat all that food. then they told me I must spend at least $30! I said NO again! I told the waiter what I was going to order and he said that was ok. the food came out and the meal ended. but when I got my bill they charge me for the hot tea that was on the table and the noodles with dipping sauce. I made an strong stand and told them you cannot charge me for something I did not request. plus I've eaten here before and I was never charged for the tea or noodles. when they took all those charges off then they hit  me with a 18% gratuity tax for my table....which was not on the bill previously. to make a long story short....many of the times I've come here they tried to get a certain amount of money out of me, unfairly. overall the continuing money issue spoiled my experience and reminded me of why I had stop coming here. eat here with caution or should I say check your bill before leaving!How the might have fallen!! 
It might be the lack of other businesses in the strip mall, or the drastic change in the area, but what was Zagat rated Chinese Restaurant has become ordinary to poor.Great place.  Not "gourmet" but consistently very good.  Try the Dr. Polan's Special (fish).I was in the area and looking for a place to pick up some dinner, when I came across this hole in the wall.  I'm very glad I did- I saw that the steamed dumplings and singapore noodles were recommended, so I got them.  YUM!  Extremely flavorful and totally without the greasiness that I was dreading.  The restaurant was a little empty when I arrived to place the order, but was totally PACKED when I got back to pick it up.  You'd never know there was a great Chinese restaurant in this shopping center, but it is certainly something worth stopping for again!My parents first took me here when I was a young chap, about 20 or so years ago... and I continue to go there to this day.  I have taken people there and just by looking at the shopping center they think I am taking them to a dive, but it is awesome.  I still get recognized when I go, and always feel like family.
their egg rolls are tremendous, and all their food is.  1 thing I would suggest is the sesame beef, I cant believe noone mentioned it.  Basically it is strips of beef, covered with flour, and sesame seeds, and deep fried, and then it comes with an amazing dipping sauce, and its amazing, and have never seen it at another place ever... everything else is tasty too.
Take someome, or get take out from there, you will impress whoever you eat withWell, i just tried to order from this restaurant over the phone. The lady taking my order was mumbling. I repeatedly asked her to speak up and that i couldn't understand her. She then tried to say there was too many people in the room with me, there was only 2. Her attitude made me want to cancel my order and she rudely hung up on me. I was nothing but polite to her. I see by the other reviews that the food is really good, i guess i will never know because i refuse to ever eat here.We've lived all over this great land of ours.  We've eaten our fair share of Chinese food.  But since moving to the "Main Line" we have been continually disappointed as we try and try again at yet another establishment.  So after hearing the songs of praise...we tried again...sigh...
The much reviewed and revered vegetable dumplings were so dry that no amount of dipping sauce could revive them from their sawdust-like existence.   The wonton soup was decent - probably the winner of the bunch.  The hot and sour soup was mediocre.  We ordered our staple dish - cashew chicken - to do our dish comparison.   It had such promise!  It had nice chunks of chicken, lots of varied vegetables, and tons of cashews.  It looked really nice.  But it had no depth of flavor.  It didn't taste bad - it simply just didn't taste like too much of anything.  The same went for the eggplant and bean curd in garlic sauce.  I'm sure they waived some garlic over the eggplant and assumed that it would impart it's flavor, but sadly, it did not.  It had a mild spice, as ordered, but that was pretty much it's only flavor.  
I don't think we will go out of our way to try this one again. This is the kind of Chinese leftovers that will sit, untouched, in our fridge for enough days to warrant throwing them out without feeling guilty.If you follow Clean Plates on Philly.com, this place was hit by L&I like 4 times. No thank you...Their chicken lo mein and Hunan chicken is so good! It's my favorite comfort food.
You can ask them to make anything spicy. Their fried rice is good, but not exceptional. Ask them for a side of their chili sauce. They only give one per customer, but it's adds this extra kick to your food if you like it spicy.This is a great Szechuan place. Don't be put off if isn't crowded when you are there. It will be. 
They make heavenly dumplings. 
When they offer clam, crab or lobster you are in for a treat. They only serve it when they can get the best. 
Their Special Chun Hing sauce is an excellent black bean. 
If you want a suggestion ,the service staff is knowledgeable 
After more than 30 years I still let them order for me and they never steer me wrong. 
New dishes are added and the menu stays fresh. 
Friendly, clean environment. 
Delicious perfectly spiced food and a price value. You get what you pay for here.This place has excellent food at a very reasonable price!
Dishes to try here:
The Vegetarian General Tso's Chicken is the best I've ever had - incredibly crispy and delicious.  It's so good that the omnivores I eat with constantly steal off my plate, even if they ordered the chicken version of the dish. 
The fried pork dumplings are also a family favorite.  They have a very thin wrapping and come with a tasty red vinegar dipping sauce.
If you like curry, egg, peppers, and onions, you have to try their singapore noodles.  They'll make a vegetarian version upon request.
I've heard great things about the pan fried noodles with beef and black bean sauce.
Wish I could give Chung Hing six stars!I have been coming here for years, most for take-out, but I have dined in-house for lunch and dinner a few times.  The funny thing is that you would think it's not good because it is rarely crowded, but don't let that fool you - the food is good and fresh!!  You can't go wrong with the classics:  dumplings, general tso's chicken; BBQ ribs and egg rolls.  They often add new items to the menu, so give them a try too.
The staff are friendly and it is always a clean environment.  
What else can I say - just give them a try if you already haven't, but be adventurous too....I haven't been disappointed yet.
Helpful Tips:  BYOB & Always open on Christmas!!Reasonably tasty food but WAY too salty.  Server was pleasant but spent alot of time chatting with some customers while others (like me) sat waiting for their food.This is a great Szechuan place. Don't be put off if isn't crowded when you get there. There will be. 
They make heavenly dumplings. Thin outside  heavenly filling. 
When they offer clam, crab or lobster you are in for a treat. They only serve it when they can get the best. 
Their Special Chun Hing sauce is an excellent black bean. 
If you want a suggestion ,the service staff is knowledgeable 
After more than 30 years I still let them order for me and they never steer me wrong. 
New dishes are added and the menu stays fresh. 
Friendly, clean environment. 
Delicious perfectly spiced food and a price value. You get what you pay for here.Chun Hing was closed this evening when I got there at 7 pm, big sign on door. Sign said closed by order of Health Dept.  This is second or third time it has closed since February.  Maybe its time for complete rebuild.  Been there several times in last 8 wks, never the crowds it used to get.  Closure of most stores in shopping center, incl Pathmark, might be part of reason.best chinese food in philly... so far... hands down.
the bad reviews must have been an off day with a different cook. been coming here since 2009 and i cant go anywhere for fast inexpensive chinese.This place is great. Dinner prices are somewhat elevated, but the lunch specials are very affordable. The portion size is decent, but what it lacks in quantity it makes up in quality. The sauces are delicious and the quality of the meat is first rate. The staff is friendly and service is quick. Definitely give this place a shot at lunchtime.My husband, son, and I were headed to Valley Forge from Atlantic City...being good Californians we were ill prepared for Tolls...TOlls...TOLls...TOLLS!!! We were out of small bills and change googled bank to look for some money, and exited in this area.  I ran into a near by bank and got the much needed cash only to return get in our rental Fiat only to hear the whimpering, angry, whiny demands echoing right behind my left ear.  "Mom I'm hungry for lunch!"  
(Aren't 10 year old boys always hungry?  My husband didn't help either he was just as grumpy!)
I checked yelp to find a near by LOCAL vegetarian friendly place.  Chung Hing is a restaurant tucked into a strip mall.  We immediately greeted by a friendly host/waiter and photos of local news anchors everywhere.  We ordered the lunch menu specials eggplant, a tofu dish, and a veggie chicken dish they were satisfying and were good in portion size.  Some people have have commented on the cost but I found it to be comparable to other Chinese restaurants we eat at.  
On a side note yelp enables us all to find these little local jewels, and avoid feeding large corporate coffers.  Really good find, and if you're headed down the freeway and wanna a vegetarian bite this place is clean, friendly, and way better than fast food. (;We don't go here very often, because it's not that close and it's pricy, but OMG.
First off: yes, the egg rolls are not what one expects, and it's a big disappointment.  The filling is excellent: plentiful and tasty and fresh, but the wrappers are the ones I associate with spring rolls and just don't hit the spot, by a long shot.
This was the place that taught me to appreciate Lo Mein -- it has this kind-of sauteed/charred flavor that I can't quite explain, but it's exquisite.
The General Tso's Chicken is like nothing you've ever tried -- obvious actual chunks of white meat chicken, just barely breaded, in a sauce that includes little chunks of orange rind.
The General Tso's seitan is equally good!  Really!  Due to the texture, it ends up being more like the heavily breaded meat at a typical carryout chinese place, but again you've got this wonderful sauce.I am currently sitting at my table and have been for over an hour. 
Asked to put our name down for a table, no
real list. When I asked how long the wait would be, she replied "I have no idea." When we were finally seated, it took half an hour to get a menu. We received the first 3 of 4 appetizers quickly. When we asked about the missing dumplings, she replied, "you're not in a rush, are you?" Pretty sure the rest of our food has been forgotten. Rather than waiting to find out, I think I'll just go home and drink to forget this experience.Been going here for just about 30 years and eating in Chinatown even longer.  Reading these reviews I felt compelled to write my own.
This is one of the most consistent restaurants I've ever been to.  I live near Sang Kee in Wynnewood, but it's not always easy to get a table at dinner time. Our forever favorites at Chun Hing have been fried tofu, Singapore Noodles and Five Taste Spicey Squid (or something like that!  I never remember the name even after all these years!)  
If you like cheap Chinese food, this place is not for you.  This is reasonably priced good Chinese food.  Next to Sang Kee and Yang Ming, best Chinese food near the Main Line.Family has gone there for years, especially enjoyed our Christmas dinners there. My father would bring his visiting colleagues from China to this restaurant and they always felt right at home with the food.  Can't say enough about this excellent restaurant. Food and service excellent!Great Chinese take out or eat in. Service was great and fast. Only negative is that I wish the dumpling sauce had been the traditional soy sauce style.Meh.  Nothing was exceptional.  A few things were slightly below par.  It was not bad -- it was OK, but neither the price, the quality nor the service gives any reason to return.I love (American) Chinese food. LOVE it. Will eat it any day of the week. This has become a bit of a go-to spot for me and my my work mom. We always dine in, the service is always expediently pleasant and the food is pretty good. I tend to judge places by ordering the same 2-3 items to see if there's a lot of variation--here the Singapore mei fun noodles aren't the spiciest I've had, but the portion's solid and it has a good mix of veggies; the curry chicken is outstanding. They recommended that I try the curry beef and that was delicious as well. I love it when they take note of frequent visitors and their habitual orders and try to offer something different--it's outstanding customer service in a to-go-go world.This place has been shut down several times due to failed inspections, check it out on philly.comI used to go tochun Hingy years ago when they were on 15th and Spruce. When they closed I was so upset. I found out they had a spot off City Line ave. I love the food. The dumplings are different than anywhere else. I love them. If you like Squid they cook it to perfection. The owner and staf is the friendlist around they make you feel like you're eating at their home. I plan on going tonight. By far my favorite Chineese restaurant in the Philadelphia area.Never really understood the hype on the first place, for the most part it is americanized Chinese food that doesn't suck. This is an accomplishment all things considered, but not necessarily something worthy of notoriety. I have dabbled into different sections of the menu, never have been blown away. Also quite pricey for take out (I've never eaten in). Extra star for rapid food preparation though.First let me say that it is a sad day to have to write this. I have been eating at this restaurant for over 30 years. I enjoyed it with my late father and my ex-wife. Well the food was never outstanding, it was always good and reliable. Until last night. I went there with my two young daughters, I ordered wonton soup. The wonton could have been used as a weapon. I try to pass them off to my daughters, but even they would not eat them. Marcella ordered shrimp and scallops with snow peas. That was fine. We also ordered pork lo mein and shrimp chow fun. This came out with so much oil, I could've dreamed it off the plate and used it in my car. Honestly, it was disgusting, and the girls wouldn't eat it. I ordered shrimp and scrambled eggs. No, it was not on the menu but my requests always been accommodated before, and the waitress nodded her head and said "okay". So after the three dishes were brought out I sat and sat and sat waiting for my dinner. Well my dinner never came. When I went to pay the check I told the owner what the problem was and how long I had been eating there even though she already knew me. Her response? "Not my problem, customer is not always right" now pay your bill... I do not get angry easily, but she definitely pushed my button. I told her look at your restaurant, it's empty do you know why? I said this is why disgusting food and a horrible service. I paid my bill, and I will never ever step back. But then again, I doubt this place will be open much longer. It's sad her parents the original owners created a wonderful restaurant. They must be turning in their gravesWow - the staff and food at Chung Hing are the best!
Don't be deceived because it is in a Pathmark shopping center - this is the truth!
I get the feeling that lots of Chinese-American places use the same old Can A and Can B stuff - but not here.  What other Chinese place let's YOU decide if your General's Chicken is white meat or dark meat?  Where do you get sauces that don't seem like they are 50% corn syrup?  Who asks you "how spicy" with each entree order?
CHUNG HING!
The complaints about cost are absurd.  Chung Hing is reasonable and the quality is exceptional.  So don't be deceived by the facade of the place - just go in and enjoy!Now, you guys know you are waaaaaay too expensive to be in the Pathmark shopping center in WEST PHILLY!!!  Lol  I don't know who told these people they had the right to charge $10 for chicken and broccoli!!!  I don't give a D-MN about your Zagat rating!! 
What makes it so bad is I had NO IDEA how much my Chicken and Broccoli was going to cost because I just CALLED the order in, and had never looked at a menu. I just assumed their prices were like your typical chinese spot! Imagine my surprise when I realized my $5 dollar bill wasn't enough!!!  lol
I really felt suckered paying that much for chinese food in a spot that looked like every other chinese restaurant in Philly!!!  When I inquired about their high prices, the woman at the counter informed that their Chicken and Broccoli was "different" than the others because they use "chunks" of chicken. 
Upon tasting it, I realized she was right. It did taste better than average. I think their chicken may have been fried, and it had a nice spicy flavor to it, and yeah..... it was good. 
Was it worth $10?? I think NOT!!!!!!  And no amount of WPVI reporter pics on the wall will change that for ME!  lolFriendly staff and great food.  We ordered lemon chicken, Gen Tso's chicken, crispy duck with mixed vegetables, cheese wontons, and fried meat dumplings.  Everything was fresh and flavorful.  We'll definitely go back.
Edit:  after we visited, everything went to hell for this place.  The shopping center was extremely run down and they were continually cited for health code violations.  According to what I read, they were issued 71 citations in 6 days, some of the citations for repeat offenses.  I'm left wondering if those offenses were repeated within those 6 days.  Either way, 71 is excessive and leaves me suspicious.
The final straw was a late night fire in January 2017.
The shopping center is completely remodeled now and a Dollar Tree is going in where the restaurant used to be.  Maybe I'm becoming cynical and suspicious as I age, but I can't help but feel this family were forced out.  If that's true, it's a shame.
They told me they had another restaurant in Pilgrim Gardens (Drexel Hill).  I'm going to check and see if they are still open there.Simply fantastic Chinesse food..
Right prices and friendly staff!Used to be a lot better. The food is average to good.  Now charges more than its peer restaurants,  and it's not worth the extra money.I'm Chinese so I know what's good and what's not good Chinese food. This place is expensive and not that good. The dish I ordered was easy to make but I just didn't have the time to make it. They charged a lot more than what it was worth. And customer service was terrible. I called for a carry out order, when I got there I had to wait for them for 5 to 10 minutes. They were just sitting at a table talking!Lets start things off by getting the name right... its called Chun Hing... not Chung Hing!
If you are searching for an honest review, look no further... there a lot of busters out there reviewing this joint.
I must preface this review - it is based on DINING IN. I do not view Chun Hing as a take out chinese location and understand that many people enjoy take out chinese so please use this review to judge the dine in experience only. I am sure the food is still delicious take out...
This is the best bang for your buck in town. You can eat a five course meal (including delicious ice cream for desert) for $23-$24 a person including tip. I dine here with my cousin once a month (sometimes once a week). Here is our standard order that NEVER fails. 
1) Hot and sour soup - $1.50 for a large, delicious, hot and sour bowl. I put a large amount of crumbled crackers in my soup. This is the best hot and sour soup I have ever eaten by far. The Tofu is thick and delicious, the veggies and pork are sliced thinly and crunchy, the mushrooms are delicious. 10/10 i would go here just for this.
2) Peking Duck Rolls - $2.25 - This is absolutely delicious, cover with hot oil if you like it spicy but be prepared because the oil coats your lips and mouth and is surprisingly spicy. Some batches are better than others due to the varying sauce inside, the more plum duck sauce inside the better.
3) 8 Fired Pork Dumplings - $6.00 - Large dumplings - they are difficult to cut (there are no knives) but these are very good as well. Some people i dine with enjoy them more than I do but I really like them. I enjoy the red ginger dipping sauce but half the people I have been here with do not.
4) Singapore Noodle or Lo Mein - $7 - $9 -  Both delicious and done right.
5) General Tso's White Meat or Filet of Beef with Broccoli - $10-$13 - These are amazing. The filet of beef is amazing. This is the best general tsos I have ever had because it is made with pure white meat chunks of chicken. 
They are weird about white rice portions but it is not an issue.
They have amazing service, water is constantly filled an they truly want you to enjoy the mealFood is okay and cheap. Service is not the best but decent among Chinese restaurants. Not authentic Chinese food. The place is dark and has a molded smell, like a lot of Chinese restaurant.This is one of our long-time favorite restaurants, well-worth the 30 minutes it takes us to drive here, so we only get to Chun Hing every other month.
First, the fried meat dumplings.  These are amazing, and we've never found another restaurant that makes dumplings as good as Chun Hing's.  The wrappers are very thin, the filling has a very particular flavor to it, and the dipping sauce is red vinegar (not soy sauce).  The dumplings take a while, so realize that you are delaying your dinner by at least 10 minutes when you order them.  We usually order ours when we first sit down so that we reduce the wait.
For the food, anything spicy is excellent, as are the chef's specials on the first page.
Among our favorite dishes:
Chicken and Shrimp Szechuan Style
Filet of Beef with Watercress
Mr. Goldman's Scallops
Herbal Taste Chicken
Buddha VegetablesObviously things have shifted severely for this once great restaurant. Closed five+ times in 2016 for health violations. Now, a kitchen fire. In their day, they were reliable and fresh. I brought many Chinese guests here. Sorry to see them struggle so.I have lived on City Ave for close to 3 years now, and while I do not frequently eat Chinese food, it is nice every now and then to mix it up.  I have tried for a while to find decent Chinese in the area, and most of the places I have gotten food from have been sub par.  Who would have thought the place I was looking for was right behind my apartment in the Pathmark Shopping Center?
I have had both takeout and dine-in experiences here now.  In both cases, the food has been very good.  While it may be a little bit on the pricey side for Chinese food (still not expensive), I found that I got enough food in my meal for 2-3 meals: I had plenty of leftovers.  Great food and a lot of it made it worth the price.
On my dine-in experience, the staff was very friendly and made for a pleasurable dining experience with friends.  It is also a huge plus that this place is BYOB, as they are tough to find in the area.  I definitely recommend this restaurant.It's been awhile since I last came here and it's still consistently good and sure to please most people who enjoy authentic Chinese food. The owners/employees are always very pleasant and personable and get to know you and your likes needs. 
The food was as good as I remember it! The meat/vegetable dumplings, Singapore noodles,  Sesame Cold Noodle, Vegetarian Sweet n Sour soup was all very tasty. I have had alterations made to order in the past. I am not sure why there are any 1 star reviews. This restaurant is the real deal. I hope to come back in the near future to Chun Hing......I've been eating here as long as I can remember, everyone is friendly and the food is amazing.  Its a bit expensive sometimes, but the environment and the food make up for the price.I can not say enough about this place.  First, the selection of food is what you'd expect from your traditional Chinese/American restaurant but just tastes better.    I grew up in the area (15 minutes or so) and my family have been going to this restaurant for over 20 years. Sure there were closer restaurants but none that could hold a light to Chun Hing.  However, it is not only their food but their incredible staff.  They remember your recent orders, favorite dishes, and even your name.  When I go to Chun Hing, I don't feel like I'm going out for chinese but rather as if I was going to my Bubbe's house, it feels like home.  
I recomend their Crispy chicken hunan style, its a great alternative to your run of the mill general tso's or sesame chicken (both of which are great). Similar sauce but the chicken is cut thinner and fried with a thicker batter so it maintains a greater crunch....  Dumplings are hands down the best in Philadelphia/mainline bar none....  
GoodFood + Nice People = one happy customer..For a Chinese restaurant, it is a bit pricey.
While the food was good, I wouldn't describe it as being extraordinary or even memorable Chinese food. However, there is one point that stood out. The food was not greasy like you might find in typical Chinese restaurants.
It is fairly Americanized and you can tell when they bring out the fried wonton and sweet dipping sauce.One wouldnt think inside a Pathmark shopping center off of City Line Ave.  you would find a "Best of Philly" and "Zagat" rated chinese restaurant but, Voila!!!
When picking a job you have got to look at the surrounding area eateries and this one blew me away. Not your run of the mill "hood" Chinese spots, Chun Hing is a beautiful little oasis amongst the growing City Line Ave. area. 
Almost everything I have had is fresh and waiting for me to pick up during lunch.  I am very picky and always special order my Chinese food and they have obliged every request. 
Not the largest plate of food but will definately satisfy for a couple of hours, and with Chinese food you can only ask but so much.Very good, neighborhood Chinese.
Tasty and consistent.  Beginning to feel like a bit of the old style Chinese restaurant, not the cutting edge Szechuan house it once was.
Definitely worth it when you are not looking to venture far.  Unless you are going to Chinatown, this place cannot be bettered.I don't understand the hype about this place.  The egg rolls were AWFUL.  First off, don't use a spring roll wrapper and call it an egg roll.  And what in the hell were those mung bean things?  No, that is not an egg roll... That is a disgrace to all egg rolls past and present. 
 Second off, Kung Pao chicken should be flavorful and highlight the skills of the chef.  Yours did neither.  Instead, I think I may have found the most Americanized chinese restaurant EVER.  
Additional star for customer service.  Definitely one of the most pleasant cashiers I've met in Philly.  Kudos for at least making people feel welcome.This place has my favorite Chinese dish, shrimp in spicy tomato sauce (yes, I know tomatoes aren't very Chinese) - for this you would think I would be likely to return. (Tomatoes are actually becoming a big crop in China, even though the quality control isn't very good yet.)
On the downside it is a bit pricey for Chinese food, and the dining room could use a remodeling update from 1985, even with the pictures of local newspeople lining the walls being a nice feature. For these reasons I don't find myself going out of my way to return as the months pass from my last visit.
Still, this is good Chinese if you're in the area and don't mind paying a bit more for it. They have some unique dishes that may just strike your fancy.Chun Hing offers authentic Chinese cuisine like no other restaurant in Philadelphia. This hidden gem has a large dining room with a comfy/cozy atmosphere. They are a BYOB restaurant that is incredibly accommodating when it comes to large parties and children. Try the steamed or fried meat dumplings, the Chicken/Beef/Shrimp with broccoli, and or any of the fresh and delicious seafood options.It totally amazed me that some gave this place more than one star. If you love Chinese food, I mean really love it, don't eat here. Why? You will come away hungry, and still wishing you had some Chinese food to eat. The flavors all seemed to be lacking something (flavor!!), the portions were very small compared to all other Chinese restaurants I've been to, and the price! I'll go into that a bit later. For now, I want to address the actual food. Disappointing is the kindest thing I can say. 
Forget atmosphere, wait staff and so on. As for ambiance, it had all the charm of a large bus station: bleak, blank, and very forgettable.  The server was a very capable older woman (points for that), who seemed eager to please. But when the food came out, I wasn't sure if it was all appetizers, or the actual meals. My dinner plate was the size of a bread dish ( if you never took Home Ec, that is the little dish to the upper right of the dinner plate) that looked like it got caught in the dishwasher and stretched into an oval shape. Tiny. But, oddly enough, it was the most colorful (and Chinese decor) looking thing in the whole place! My shrimp and vegetables  had exactly four shrimp, and small pieces of stems of some mystery vegetable, too tasteless (and formless) to identify.  ONE baby corn, and broccoli so tough it was one click away from being raw completed the vegetable portion, and it was not pleasant in looks as well as taste.  The fried rice was like some I've never experienced: obvious frozen peas and carrots, not cooked well, stood out in garish color against the browned rice (also strangely flavorless.) No scrambled egg in it, nor any bamboo shoots, but I did uncover at least one water chestnut slice. Talk about disappointment!
Wait! The real treat was the bill. There were 10 of us, and with tip the amount was $175.  Now that may not sound too bad, but remember that it was, to me, "sample size" food. And this was LUNCH, not dinner! 
Will I ever go back? Only if it becomes a whole new and different Chinese restaurant.I feel very confused by the reviews, here. Chun Hing is excellent. It's not your typical bullet-proof glass take-out Chinese place. If you like cheap and boring American-Chinese food, please don't go here. 
Chun Hing is a real restaurant, consistently great. Everything is made to order. They are perhaps the most authentic Chinese food outside of Chinatown. Chinese and Taiwanese friends love this place.
If you want fresh ingredients, sauces made from scratch, authentic preparations, attentive service and friendly staff - try this place. 
My favorite dishes are the vegetarian hot and sour soup, Buddha's Vegetables (has tofu), and scallops in five-spice taste (This doesn't have a sauce, but is crazy fresh.)
Non-veg friends order: Filet of beef with string beans, house-special chicken, fried meat dumplings (best in the city), and tilapia with ginger and bok choy. Cold sesame noodles are great, too. 
Lunch specials are a good cheaper alternative to their dinner prices. They also do a mad take-out business.Been coming here since 1985. It's the best Szechuan Chinese in the city.  (In fairness to Han Dynasty, I haven't eaten there yet.)  Always good.  Dumplings are the best anywhere.Excellent Food and service!  Try the Pork fried dumplings!
My family drives over an hour to eat there. And we have been longtime customers of around 20 years now. The food gets better every time we go!Middle of the road Chinese that you'd expect to find given the shopping center it is located in.  Wavered between three and four stars but since my experience was a dine in and it's a BYO ill chip off the extra star.  Deviated from my benchmark dish of general tso for the Thai chin chicken.  The Thai chin came out not breaded which was different from other places.  Spicy dish served with some green bell peppers.  Egg roll doesn't come with the lunch special but free noddles and tea which is a plus.  It's the only sit down Chinese in the area.SO DISAPPOINTED!!! I wasted 50 on this crap!!! I ordered General Chicken and the sauce looked like an oil spill. It was greasy, had overcooked broccoli stuffed at the bottom and to top it off, it had absolutely no flavor!! Smh... 
The portions were small , it was 12 a container and I had to buy two because I was also feeding a 15 year old boy. It was literally some expensive ass Shit. Even he wouldn't eat it. We will see if the dog will go for it.
I also ordered soup w/ rice noodles and chicken. The broth had NO FLAVOR.. Really??? For 50 bucks??? I am not a salt lover by any means but damn they could have at least tried to make it flavorful. Can you tell I am mad?? I don't know where the other people who gave this place rave reviews really ate. I can get better from the freezer section at Acme. I mean its General Chicken. It isn't that hard to make. They get one star because my dog will have something other than kibble to eat.Great place for groups!  I have meat eating friends, vegetarian friends and everyone can find something good to eat here.
If you like spicy get ANYTHING they make "SHING TAO" style which you can order mild medium or HOT!!!  I went for lunch one day and saw a table full of people who work there cleaning a MOUNTAIN Of string beans.  They use REAL fresh vegetables and you can taste the difference!  GREAT food.  And BYOB.  If you forget this you can always grab a beer or a six pack from the Pizza Shop in the same mall.  Cold beer and spicy food is terrific!
But on the overall food experience I'd say this is the best Chinese restaurant in the city.A special out of the way gem. Most don't know it lies in a run down strip mall highlighted by a market. A treat! Lo Main my way and awsome dumplings. Mainline cross to the Heights!Pros: The food is awesome! They have a vegetarian menu as well which is great!  I love the take out option when i just want to dine in the comfort of my home.  The owners and the staff are so nice.  They do take care of their customers.  They offer student discount everyday if you show them your school ID.  The Price is very affordable! 
Cons: They do not deliver! :(Great food and friendly service. Menu vegetarian friendly, many great options.I so wanted to love this place. Living close by I needed a local chinese food spot. When I walked in the tables were full of what looked like happy patrons. Several "regulars" ordered lunch and I felt like I must have made a good choice. The staff is super friendly and accommodating, they will customize the food to your spice level and taste. Unfortunately the food is tasteless. It actually gave me stomach pains. Guess I'm still on the hunt.This Cantonese and Sichuan place has been wowing Wynnefield and Bala Cynwyd residents for 30 years.  Walls hung wth photos of all newspeople from Channels 6 and 10 down the street. and you will bump into them at times.  Remarkable "burn fry" taste in many of the dishes the mark of a master Chinese chef.  List of soups not seen outside of Chinatown and all delicious.  Perfect hot and sour every time, not easy.  Beef chow fun, lo meins, choi sum and stir frys finished with a dark almost axel grease consistency sauce that you will sop up with last grain of rice.  Perfect brown rice available.  BYO. Solicitous staff from the owners to the nice and capable servers. Look to be fawned over if you becme a regular.  Can easily hold its own with any like restaurant in Chinatown.NEVER again! Food was not that good; customer service was poor. There was a dog in the dining area. Someone brought their pet in the restaurant and it sat at the table with its face on the table. When we questioned the staff, we were brushed off. I am thinking several health code violations there.I made a stop here on my trip to Philly. The restaurant was close to the hotel I was staying at. I noticed the yelp reviews and tried it out. 
First off the service was excellent. From the owner to the waitress......very nice and welcoming people  The server explained the dishes and told us we could have them cooked whatever way we liked. Hot, not too spicy, more meat or more veggies....whatever we wanted they would cook it for us. We aren't to adventurous, but everything we had was perfect.WHAT have they done with/to my favorite eggrolls??!!  Wow!  The House Special Eggrolls are downright sickening and disgusting!  Taste and look terrible.  Food took forever to come out of kitchen and when it did, they piled up everything at once on small table for four.  Eggrolls, soup, dumplings, four entrees, rice.  Dinner cold by the time we got to it.  Cold and greasy. Ick!Decades of frequenting Chun Hing and we return home to find our absolute favorite Chinese restaurant a shambles.  Food is terrible.  Waiters will chase after you outside if they don't think you've tipped them enough!  A whopping 20% was more than this place deserved.  Whatever is going on there is not good.I love this place. Staff is great, very friendly. Food is terrific. I have dietary needs, don't cook with oyster sauce, and they always take care of me and the food is delicious. It's the only Chinese restaurant I visit when I am in Philly.