Ate here once a week past 6 weeks ,working across the street doing construction,we get there at 10;50 am. .... the pizza slices are piled on top of each other,like 3 different pizzas piled 3 high, all different slices and they look like they were from the night b4, hard and cold at 10;50am??, they always say its from today when we ask, sauce has no taste, i dont get it, they never pull a hot plain out of the oven in the 45 min were there, always grabbing slices from under the counter, ive eaten enough slices to know it wasnt made that day, save your money n go to Di Bruno Bros around the corner n go upstars and get the fresh made pizzaGet a whole pie made fresh.  All the difference in the world.  Had a tomato pie with fresh mozzarella and it was fantastic.  Cooked perfectly.  The dough is fantastic.  Ask for it to be cooked light.  The picture I am posting looks a zillion times better than the pies they sell by the slice.A delicious surprise but not unexpected. I read "Joe's Pizza" took over this place but I was still reticent to try it but today I thought, why not? The delivery man was nice and the good came on time. 
I ordered a plain pizza which came hot and thin crusted and a cheeseburger hoagie because I haven't ever seen that on a menu up here in Philadelphia. The pizza was yummy and so was the cheeseburger hoagie. The pizza dough seemed lighter with a thinner crust than from Joe's, and we really enjoyed. Frankly we all enjoyed both items and I recommend you try this place because everything came hot, fresh and on time!We ordered buffalo chicken pizza. Absolutely do not recommend. Cheese was definitely cheap processed crap. Chicken was shredded, probably canned chicken. Also the buffalo sauce was basically blue cheese salad dressing which was disgusting to say the least.The lines are long at lunchtime during the work week but they are surprisingly fast. The pizza is good as are the stromboli's and other sandwiches. They will deliver to office for a catered lunch on short notice. I like to go into the restaurant, eat my food and surf the free wifi. They have a wide variety of slices of pizza,but, feel free to order a whole pie. My faves: spinach Stromboli and veggie pizza slices like portobello mushroom, margherita, and white pizza with spinach, tomato and ricotta cheese.The two females at the counter are just the worse. Too busy chatting with each other. The pizza is the best and the guys run the pizza counter with great customer service. Guess you just have to order the pizza for great service.The sky is blue.  Winter is cold.  Lou Dobbs is an idiot.  Philly has no good pizza. 
Yep, some things never change.
Went to grab some take out here because apparently the six block hike to 23rd is too far for delivery.  Whaaaa???  Anyway, picked up two medium pies for $24.  The price proved to be the best feature of the experience.  Service was friendly and competent.  Pizza was, "pizza that could have come from anywhere" pizza.  Blah crust.  Blah sauce.  Canned mushrooms (Gah!).  The spitfire pizza was decent at least, but insufficient to justify a return trip.  Honestly, I think Round Table does a better job.  Clearly I'm alone here.. but there it is.Average pizza, average service, average decor.
They don't allow credit card for purchases less than $5.
Bogus!How is this place still operating charging $5 for a mediocre "speciality" slice....?????Mediocre pizza. They use fresh dough which is a big plus and the crust is good, but they are way overpriced.  Take you money to Pietro's a couple of blocks away in Walnut.  The pizza there is perfect.Had the cheese steak here with the cheez-whiz... big mistake. Was overly laden with globs of 'cheese' and mayo. Hot steak meat with coldish 'cheese' and mayo just didn't sit right with me.  Maybe next time, if there is one, I'll try the pizza instead or just order the cheese steak with good cheese rather than what 'most people order'.I didn't eat here so my review is not on the food.  I tried to use their website to order but the menu doesn't show prices for pizza, and pop-up ad pages loaded as soon as I clicked on their website.  They only appear to have one size (18") pizza and that doesn't work for me.Was my first eatery following my move to Philly.  I have to say Ciao's pizzas beat any pizzas I've had in the midwest (although I haven't tried other pizza joints in Philly yet). The prices were affordable.  I'm a lover of thin crusted pizza, so the pizza was perfect.  Lots to choose from.  I recommend, the mozzarella, spinach, tomato pizza.  Only downside was the $5 minimum to use the card that I wasn't aware of.A delicious surprise but not unexpected. I read "Joe's Pizza" took over this place but I was still reticent but today I thought, why not? The delivery man was nice and the good came on time. 
I ordered a plain pizza which came hot and thin crusted and a cheeseburger hoagie because I haven't ever seen that on a menu up here in Philadelphia. The pizza was yummy and so was the cheeseburger hoagie. The pizza dough seemed lighter with a thinner crust than from Joe's, and we really enjoyed. Frankly we all enjoyed both items and I recommend you try this place because everything came hot, fresh and on time!Ew! So disappointed in this place. My boyfriend and I came in to split a pie. We were the only people in there in addition to two other people who were already eating. We ordered a pie and were assured it would only take 10 minutes, as we were in a bit of a time crunch. Ten minutes...twenty....thirty minutes. Finally, my boyfriend goes to ask what the hold up is, remember, it's not busy and the owner said ten minutes. He starts saying he forgot (uh, no, I don't think so) and haphazardly throws a pie together, sticks it in the oven and says "five minutes." Okay, you have a magic pizza oven that can cook in 5 minutes? He pulls out the pie, and serves it. It was so undercooked, soggy, cold and way too much arugula (we got the margarita pizza). Literally, the pizza juice was running down our arms and it was so not good. I forced myself to eat it bc I needed carbs for a marathon I was running the next day but we will NEVER be back.Absolutely great pizza. They sell so much, the stuff in the window doesn't sit very long. The man making the pizza was a machine. Slamming out pie after pie. They were able to keep up with the drunk crown for the Pat's parade. Fresh pizza awaits you in a wide variety of toppings and styles. As an out of towner I will visit again on my next trip.I should have put 2 and 2 together, but for some reason, I did not. Granted, I was hungry and desperate to grab something on my paypal app after I left my purse at home, and I had walked past this place a hundred times vowing to never step foot in there, so when I actually figured out where I had ordered from, it was too late.
The food was borderline inedible. How you mess up chicken fingers is beyond me, but the smell of over-fried bread crumbs should have been a tipoff. Everything tasted like fried. The chicken fingers were paper-thin and heavily breaded. Half of them were somehow chewy, as old fried breading tends to get when either old or overcooked. The fries were just low-quality empty shells of fried. They also tasted of nothing. In my 16 years of working/eating in the city (and I am no snob...it's usually at Liberty Place), hands down the worst food I've ever had. At $9, I could have ordered the same amount of food from the Chinese Buffet and even that is higher quality.
Maybe the pizza is better. I dunno. Will never be brave (or stupid, as the case may be), to try it. 
The people were attentive and nice, but they aren't giving me chronic indigestion as I write this, so it's not worth a star.3.50 for a slice of spinach/mushroom pizza? THAT is somewhat doable.
Wishing there were something ELSE going on with the slice with every bite I took? THAT made me want my 3.50 back.
The counter man who helped me decide on my slice was amicable and a true Italian, which set me at ease. But when I started nibbling away, I hit a doughy crust disguised as thin, a bland taste profile, and a thick layer of cheese that seemed low-quality. When you eat cheese, it should sing to you - whether you are eating it as a slice of cheese or on a pizza. It needs to have enough integrity to stand alone - but there was nothing about the slice I had that was strong enough on its' own - and certainly not together. 
             I discarded the crust and a good 4 bites of the bottom dough. It's never a good sign when you are tearing your slice into smaller pieces and picking it apart at the end. But I suppose I am spoiled with the favorite slice spots in the city that I am already decided upon...ho hum. I do love adventure, however, and this is what keeps me trying out new tastes. Another mediocre slice that I won't be returning for...They say pizza is like sex - even bad pizza is ok, because it's PIZZA. But I beg to differ. I think no pizza is better than bad pizza. I want a killer O or celibacy. Is that too much to ask?Portobello pizza and four cheese.  Both edible. Portobello was not as good as four cheese. At $4.50 a slice with same medium pizza $12, if you like the pizza then you may want to get medium pizza instead. It is very overpriced for an okay pizza. Not worth coming back forth. Go to Bagel Shop next store instead.Came here one time during my lunch break and I will not go back unless I have to. 
1. You can't use a card for less than $5. Of course, there isn't a sign anywhere that tells you that, at least none that I saw.
2. If you order 2+ pizzas, they pile them onto each other. The cheese then slides off and it gets extremely messy. 
3. When I went, it was crowded and there didn't seem to be much organization behind the counter.
4. The reason why I would not go back is because immediately after eating my pizza, I felt sick to my stomach. I thought that I was going to vomit all over my desk at work.Decided to venture in here after a trip to Buffalo Exchange as I hadn't eaten all day and it was starting to rain. While I was little peeved at the $5 card minimum at first it wound up being worth it. A nice, fresh hot slice of sausage pizza, a Snapple, and a bag of chips came pretty cheap and was legit. The staff was friendly as well. Made sure to grab a menu on the way out.Friendly staff, food is pretty good! I always go here bcs their prices are reasonable to me. Always clean.Always consistently good. I've eaten here a lot fresh an never disappointed. The large cheese pizza is not a bland pie.  The crust is amazingI can't say enough good things about this place. I stop here whenever I'm in the area, which is so often the people even know me. And my family loves the pizza I bring home.
Two favs: tomato pie and whole wheat crust pizza. Veggies are always so fresh.I come here often because I love the Grilled chicken salad. Great huge salad with huge pieces of chicken.. I have gotten pizza here but it's been a while but there pizza is pretty good. I've never had any problems with this place.Good lunch spot. Great pizza slice selections. The crust has a nice crunch to it, which I really like. The sauce is pretty good. They also do a great buffalo chicken pizza. They always have Sicilian slices and a few Stromboli options too. They also have a ton of sandwiches and salads made to order.  I love the buffalo chicken salad here. This place gets busy for lunch but the employees are good and move the line quickly. There is also plenty of seating. I have never had to wait for a seat. A very reliable lunch spot.Yum!!! 
We were one of the first customers here today. The pizza had not even but cut yet and was nice and fresh. Being my greedy self I got a slice of the pepperoni and a slice of cheese. 
The pizza was delicious. Definitely authentic!
My only complaint would be that the guy serving the the pizza was not wearing gloves. He however did not do anything else other than serve. There was someone else taking money.So so best describes this place. The price was ok,  the pizza was ok and th location was clean.This place is always full of people during lunch time. Having limited time during lunch I ordered my food ahead and it only took about 15 minutes for it to be done. I ordered a cheesesteak as well as cheese fries. When I picked up my food I was pleasently surprised of how cheap my order was! Only $8.50 for the whole order, compared to all of the other places in center city it was a bargain. The order of fries were huge as well and they were delicious. Me and a coworker shared both the fries and cut the cheesesteak in half and it was perfect. I would highly recommend this pizza place for lunch as well as for a good cheesteak. So good!Just stopped in for a slice of pizza.  One slice with mushrooms and pepperoni was $4.50.  I will never stop in there again.  If it was some type of gourmet pizza (extra thick or extra large) maybe I can understand but it was not... just a sub-par slice.  Calculated to a whole pie that's a $36 pizza.  With all the other pizza places in Philly I don't see how they will possibly stay in business.Quick and tasty. $5.50 for two slices of very good cheese pizza.I agree, the pizza here is fantazgreat! And the spitfire is a total MUST have! We also ordered some salads too... but I wouldn't bother with the salads, basically just hoagie topping thrown in a bowl.Best pizza slice in the city! I have been searching all of center city for a good classic, no frills, slice of pepperoni and Ciao Pizza delivers! 
Admittedly, Philly's pizza scene is really lacking. But I have sampled Pietro's coal fire, Joe's Pizza, Dolce Carini and Ciao Pizza comes out victorious.
So, for a good and well-priced slice or pie of pizza in Center City, Ciao Pizza is your place!GREAT!    I loved their pizza. We had 4 different flavors and all were great.
The crust is perfect.  
The place looks  clean and all of the employees were nice.   I would definitely go back.Really great Italian Pizza place in Center City. During lunch time really crowded. 
The pizza is delicious and staff is friendly. Always againI came by on a Sunday afternoon for lunch and had the special, which is two plain cheese slices and a fountain drink for $6.00, with taxes included.  The pizza is a New York style pizza and tasted good.  The price is also very reasonable.  You cannot add toppings to the special, so it is either plain cheese or you do not get the special.  I really wish they would offer Sicilian pizza by the slice.I'll be honest, I've never actually tried the pizza...
I literally only go here on bad days when I crave cheese fries!
They're so good and only $2.50.
(Ask for ketchup on the side)
Try to avoid going here after school lets out.MMMM....pizzzza.
This place is great because of the huge assortment of pies they offer on a daily basis. You can get anything from baked ziti to potatoes on your pizza and of course the usual pepperoni and vegetarian slices are available. Although I must admit my favorite is the buffalo chicken pizza. Very crispy yet not too thin crust and tons of toppings = pizza heaven!The pizza is great - and I just found out that they sell Strombolis for $5. They fill me up but don't leave me feeling groggy and tired after. Comes with sauce too. Great place and great owners!
Forza Azzurri!This is not only one of my top lunch places during the work week, but my fave place to get pizza in all of Philadelphia.
Thin, crisp slices cooked here to greasy perfection in more varieties than you can hope for.  Some of my favorites include the white, mozza & mushroom, ravioli...but hands down the BEST slice here is the "spitfire", their buffalo chicken pizza.  It is *amazing*.  I always always get at least one slice of spitfire.
They also serve burgers & grinders & fries, all of which I've heard is very good, but I couldn't tell you personally cause I can't get past the pizza.  I have tried some of their cheese fries though.  Very good, crispy & thick topped with tons of cheese.  Yum!Pricey for philly for a "slice and soda", but well worth it. Excellent crust, ample toppings, good sauce. I thought the mushrooms looked like fresh, but detected that vinegary hint from canned . Disappointing, as slice with shrooms & spinach is 4 bucks.A slice of buffalo chicken and a slice of pepperoni sausage for $7. I wish I could I could give it 2.5 stars because the buffalo chicken was a 3 star slice. It was solid, if not particularly inspired. The pepperoni sausage was a 2 star slice. Solid meh. No pepperoni flavor to be found, although if you love the sausage flavor this one might work for you. I liked the crust though. At $3.50 a slice I'll probably give them another shot and try a few other slices.Philly, I hate your pizza scene. I'm over it. I want to move back to NJ or NY.
While this would likely get a 2 at home, it's definitely better than Joe's on 16th and the service is definitely friendlier than the aforementioned.
I do appreciate the following: crust is not too thick, the toppings are interesting (i.e. they have a bacon pizza), and the staff is nice.
I question how long the pizza has been sitting out here (similar story across Center City). That said, I haven't gotten sick.My cousin told me about this place, and wanted to check it out. 
I love that you are able to order your food online (and can pick it up). A lot of other restaurants I was looking at offered online ordering, but only via delivery. I wanted to have my food already prepared, as I only have a half hour Lunch Break, and thought this was a great option. 
I ordered one of their specials, junior Meatball Parm Sandwich with french fries and a medium drink (I got Pepsi). 
The outside of their restaurant looks very nice, perhaps newly renovated? The inside also has ample seating, with areas in the front as well as in the back. I found a nice, small booth in the front where I was able to sit. 
When I picked up the meal, the man was very nice, told me to sign for my order, and told me that the napkins and utensils and ketchup, etc. were already in the bag for me, sealed and ready to go. He also prepared my soda right then and there so the ice wouldn't melt while getting ready to be picked up. Perfect!
I thought my sandwich was pretty good, not too hot, perfect temperature. One thing I will say is that the cheese was not quite melted enough, it was starting to fall off my sandwich in globs. The sandwich was also VERY messy, I used almost all of their napkins that they provided me (since they were those thin napkins you typically find at restaurants). I also found a small, tiny hair at the end of my sandwich, but that could have perhaps been mine, who knows.
The helping were VERY generous, I was getting full 3/4 of the way in. I didn't eat much of the fries, they were good, but there was SO MANY of them, and I wanted to eat the sandwich primarily (since that's what I'm mainly paying for).
Overall, I give this place 3 stars, but an extra star for the EXCELLENT customer service!!i fucking love pizza. this pizza is way good too. they have a ton of different topping combos... like french fries and cheddar cheese. all of it looks wonderful. and the smell is heavenly. 
warning: place is insanely busy during lunch hours.My go to pizza place. No frills just good old fashioned ny style pizza. And at a good price as well. Six bucks for two slices and a soda is as great a deal you'll find in center cityI like this place.   Pizza crust thin and fresh.  Not too many pies sitting on the counter at mid-day, so you know things are all fresh and move quickly.  Cheese rich and gooey without being oversalted.  Tomato sauce rich and tasty.  Guys at the counter friendly, efficient.  Place is spotlessly clean, exactly right for a quick lunch or snack.  Prices perfect.Some of the worst service I've ever had. The people working there were so rude and so unhelpful when I called and asked about options from the menu... Not to mention when we finally got our delivery over an hour later it was cold and seemed as though it had been sitting out for an additional hour before it even left the store for delivery. No amount of reheating made it taste palatable. Will never EVER come here again.Their pizza is pretty good. As much as I love Philly, pizza is not our strong suit. Lol. But theirs is worth checking out. I definitely enjoyed the buffalo chicken pizza the most. It seems to be a popular choice there. One day I thought that if that's good, perhaps their buffalo chicken cheese steak is pretty good too. WOOOOW is it good! I can't go there and get anything else and have yet to find a better buffalo chicken cheesesteak in the city (and believe me, I have tried!). Such a simple dish to make, I know, but somehow nobody else does it right except Ciao's. Anyone I've brought there for one has become addicted as well. Service is good and friendly. Wish they would deliver outside a 4 block radius (what the hell is that about?! If I'm that close, I don't need delivery). Or maybe that's a good thing because I'd be tempted to eat it every day!Came at a super busy lunch hour but the line was moving pretty quickly. I was surprised at how many different types of pizza and other foods they had on display. Now I know that a lot of these pizza spots have long menus but it makes you wonder how fresh everything is. 
I kept it simple with 2 slices of pepperoni and the price seemed a little steep at $8+ from what I recall. They were big slices but extremely greasy. Don't get me wrong, I love greasy food as much as the next person but I would say it's slightly excessive. It's a super casual environment which is fine but the outdoor area next door seems like the place to be in the summer time.
The continent location basically right by 16th and Chestnut makes me inclined to come back but there are other really good pizza spots in the area as well.Possibly the best place in center city for a couple quick slices
Got 2 slices and a drink for $6. Slices were big, classic slices with good proportions of cheese and sauce and a thin but sturdy crust
Plenty of seating as there's a front and a back areaI ordered a four cheese pizza from here for dinner. The service was very friendly and the pizza was ready quickly.  Also, everything is very fairly priced. The pizza itself was generous in size and they sure did not skimp on cheese! The pizza was delicious. Definitely a solid place for a decent slice of pizza. I will be ordering from here again for sure.This place was top notch for a pizzeria in center city typically found in different neighborhoods or south jersey. Even though we did take out, the place looked clean and the food looked freshly prepared. We got a buffalo chicken cheesesteak (not pictured) because it was gone within 30 seconds and a cheeseburger deluxe. The buffalo chicken pizza we saw had shredded chicken just like I love it and so did the cheesesteak and they weren't stingy, actually quite generous with the meat--love it! Just what I want from a cheesesteak. It was also dripping in buffalo sauce. I will return!!Whenever my office orders pizza, we get it from Ciao Pizza. Although nothing spectacular, they are fairly priced and arrive when asked. They also have yet to get upset with us for ordering 7+ pizzas for delivery in an hour. Their BBQ chicken, buffalo chicken, and eggplant parm pizzas are all pretty tasty. They have quite the selection of pizzas, so there is sure to be something for everyone.A delicious surprise but not unexpected. I read "Joe's Pizza" took over this place but I was still reticent but today I thought, why not? The delivery man was nice and the pizza came on time. 
I ordered a plain pizza which came hot and thin crusted and a cheeseburger hoagie because I haven't ever seen that on a menu up here in Philadelphia. The pizza was yummy and so was the cheeseburger hoagie. The pizza dough seemed lighter with a thinner crust than from Joe's (we both love thin crust pizza). Frankly we all enjoyed both items and I recommend you try this place because everything came hot, fresh and on time!Great service, great food!
Cheap, quick and mmmmm good.
A coworker recommended this place and although I was skeptical at first, I was impressed by the restaurant.  Very clean in the inside, and the service is wonderful, (and fast!)
I love their turkey hoagie, you get a whole meal (turkey hoagie, fries (or chips) and a soda) for $5.75, that's it.  And if you know like I know a deal like that is hard to find downtown.
It's good and fulfilling and I haven't been disappointed yet, in fact I've been there at lest 5-6 times in the last 2 working weeks!Amazing Stromboli fresh at 10am - packed with cheese and meat or spinach in a perfectly crusty bread shell!  Staff are super friendly too!Okay, so I said that I would not come back here unless I had to. Well, there are only so many places to eat in this area, so I ended up coming back here again. 
I am not giving Ciao's 4 stars because of the pizza. I have not, and refuse, to eat their pizza here ever again because of my last experience. I am still EXTREMELY skeptical of their pizza. 
I am giving Ciao's 4 stars because of their customer service, salads and chicken fingers and fries platter. The salads are HUGH!!!! I can never finish eating either the salad or chicken fingers when I purchase these for lunch. The chicken Caesar salad comes with chicken, obviously and it comes with A LOT of it. Would I like any salad with my chicken? It is still very tasty and delicious nonetheless. The chicken fingers and fries are $9.00 but the price is so worth it for the large portion that you get. Unfortunately, the fries could use a bit more spice but other than that, I have no complaints. Lastly, the customer service has vastly improved over the past few months. The employees are quick, accurate and friendly. Also, there does not seem to be a huge, messy line anymore... At least not when I have been there.
Keep up the good work, guys!Just gotta coupla slices here...pretty tasty stuff. Spinach and mushrooms on one, Red and green peppers on the other. The one slice was Uber oily, thats what made it taste so good I guess. But for Reals..this place is pretty good.This place hands down is the best I've had in the city! Their margarita pizza is amazing! I can eat here every day and never get bored. Oh and you have to try the tomato and spinach. No meat and it's so delicious! And everyone is super nice!Their prices are out of control - two slices - tomato pie and a slice with two topping $8.50
Dolce Carne at 19th and chestnut: $5.50
Di Bruno's upstairs: $11 for whole small pie.Great food and service tbh. Had a couple slices and they were really good. Pep and sausage.Most of the places in this area are either expensive gourmet pizza or on the other end of the spectrum, just low quality. But Ciao's has is my ideal everyday $2 slice when you need something cheap and tasty to hold you over!! Slices are big, with a thin crust that has a nice crisp to it but is still soft enough to fold in half, and just a little bit of the requisite grease. They pop them right in the oven when you order. Cheap, hot, flavorful, filling pizza. Happy camper.Definitely one of the better pizza places downtown. Fries are good. And I'll vouch for the cheesesteaks. 
FYI , they do have a $5 limit for using a credit card. 
The place is clean. Staff is friendly and work quickly at getting people fed and out the door.Not such a friendly staff seemed bothered and pizza was just okay. I will not be coming backWalked passed here pretty hungry! Pleasantly greeted after walking in, I asked for a slice of pizza. As they popped it in the oven, another woman requested chicken tenders. I said to myself: Oooo, I should've got that. "No problem," the gentleman said. He immediately took out the pizza, and started an order of chicken tenders. Ha! Great service, and nice employees=5 Yelps. This is important to customers! Plus, tenders were yummy. Wish I could say I've tried other items, but I haven't just yet!i should upload the picture of the pizza as it was delivered... service was terrible. the pizza came in a box that looked like it was thrown down a flight of stairs. we complained and were told it was our fault, as if we have nothing else better to do then throw boxes of pizza around. noone here at work will order from there ever again.