Tasty food, delivery is fast and reliable. The grape leaves are different than I've had before and delicious. The vegetarian platter, chicken shawarma and lamb pie  have never disappointed us, this place is one of our go-tos.Amazing food and service. I can't even begin to describe the luscious taste of the meat and how it melts in your mouth. It seems like they use a special sauce that complements of the steak and adds to the blessing of the food.Definitely my new favorite Mediterranean eatery. What prompted me to order is 25% discount on your first order through Grubhub. I scheduled for delivery for noon but got a call that it would be before one pm. Long story short I got the food 1:50. The owner I assume who delivered the food was very apologetic and offered free delivery and dessert on my next order.
Chicken schawarma bowl is big and delicious. Cubed chicken was tender and juicy. Not over seasoned topped white white sauce that adds flavor. Yellow rice isnt dry.
Hummus and baba ganoush dip is awesome. Not too salty, the baba ganoush has its signature smoky flavor. It comes with warm pita bread. The pita isn't home made. My guess is Touffayan pita which I always buy.
The baklava is pretty big and delicious. It is not dry and perfect dessert to end the meal.
I would definitely recommend it and order againHad lunch here with 3 others. The food was very tasty. The service was an abomination. They had the 12 years old son serving. There was only two tables with guests. We waited 25 minutes for our drinks. That was after I got up and asked for them. The food came out in spurts... remember, there was only 4 of us! As much as we enjoyed the food, I doubt I would ever go back.Just wanted to leave a review expounding my appreciation for Cilantro. 
I order from Cilantro at least once a week - and here's why - they've consistently got huge portions (chicken shawarma bowl is regularly between 8 and 10 ounces of chicken - that's like 80-90 grams of protein + a cup or more of rice, plus salad, pickles, pita - sauce on the side), they are cheap ($15 for all that aforementioned food), and the flavor is out of control good. Very few places are going to be able to match Cilantro's portion + price, especially with Halal carts becoming more and more scarce or downright non-existant on our side of the city, and especially during the pandemic right now. 
More importantly, they've got great customer service. I had an issue with my order last night, and was contacted within the day to straighten it out. Everyone I've had the pleasure of interacting with at Cilantro has been nothing but kind and professional.
Basically, if you ain't ordering from Cilantro you doing take out wrong.I was craving chicken schwarma and was glad to find Cilantro and read the rave reviews about this platter. I was unsure about the "white sauce" so I asked for it on the side. So glad that I did. I think it had mayonnaise in it. Yuck. 
I ordered a hummus side which tasted good enough (not the best I've had but the best of the food I got here). The pita that came with the hummus was pocket pita I could buy it a basic grocery store. 
Perhaps my experience and expectations of Mediterranean cuisine differs from others but this was not what I was hoping for. The chicken was dry and bland. The rice was just yellow unseasoned basmati rice. Nothing special. I cannot speak to the quality of the fried pita. I asked for regular pita instead because the sound of fried pita wasn't appealing to me. 
As others have said, the portion was large - unfortunately I will be throwing out the second half I was hoping to save for another meal. 
Now on to finding another place to satisfy my craving.If you haven't been to Cilantro yet,  you have to go ASAP! The food, staff, and atmosphere are all amazing. I went with a group a few nights ago, we shared several dishes and appetizers and each one was perfectly cooked. We all agreed it was some of the best food we have ever had. The staff was so friendly and accommodating, we also felt very comfortable about how they were following covid precautions. This will definitely become a regular spot for me!My new favorite spot. I often crave food that has middle eastern flare as that is what I grew up eating. This place has that. Being vegan, it's difficult to find what I crave. Cilantro Mediterranean Cuisine has that authentic taste and is flavorful. The young man who I paid with was incredibly kind, relatable and welcoming. I would love to see their vegan menu expand one day. Lovely place. Will return again soon!Hidden Jewels!!!!Place is quite during lunch time however heads off to them for service.We went with group of colleagues and ordered pretty much everything what they have in Menu...lol!Among all the items we liked Falafel,Lamb Chop and chicken platter the best!!we will definitely visit the place again!!!!Keep it up guys.:)The food was so good and the owners were very kind. Also, there were many vegan options. I will go back again.Delicious food and amazingly friendly service. The chicken schwarma was fantastic! The hummus and baba Hanoi's were fresh and delicious. I highly recommend this placeFive stars for excellent service. We came in around 10 on a Friday night for a late dinner and the server and the owner both came out to make sure we liked the food. The fattoush salad was delicious and my friends enjoyed the chicken schwarma, apparently a house specialty. After dinner, they brought a complementary dessert, an almondy sweet pastry cake. I will be back.So good! It was a real pleasure to see the friendly owners putting sincere effort into making their food. We had the chicken shawarma bowl, the beef pita pie, and kunafa. All were really delicious and everything made fresh! The dessert Kunafa was especially fantastic, and it was completely homemade from scratch! Will definitely come back.Best falafel sandwich I've had in Philly and the homemade grape leaves were incredible!Let me start by saying, the food was GREAT. My boyfriend and I just moved here and desperately needed to find a good falafel/mediterranean spot. We were so excited for this one, although their cleanliness and covid precautions made me feel really uneasy and will probably keep me from ordering again for a long time. I can now see on Yelp that they have a number of health code violations, and after what I witnessed yesterday it doesn't surprise me too much, but it does really disappoint me. First off, people were eating inside (i honestly don't know if this is legal here in philly right now or not), but my main issue is with the staff and their masks. Several workers just had them under their chins or around their necks, even while preparing and packaging food. The worst part was that the wait staff lifted their mask all the way down every single time they spoke, which was completely unnecessary and defeats the purpose of even wearing a mask. They also did so by putting two fingers into their mask at the top (touching their lips) and pulling it down while resting those fingers on their mouth as they spoke. They would then use those same hands to prepare and handle your food. I don't think they realize that gloves need to be changed if you put them on or into your mouth... Such a shame as the food was amazing but I'm basically terrified of having covid after eating here because I don't think the staff cleans their hands or things properly if they've been doing what I watched in the 30 minutes I was there.there is very good service here! servers were accommodating and nice. there is a very welcoming environment, and the food was quick to come out. the food is so good as well!! my family loves it - i would recommend :)IMPROPER MASK WEARING ALERT!
I came here for an early dinner, which was essentially an $7.75 falafel wrap. The person behind the counter seemed like he was a 12 year old kid so that put me off right away.
I sat down and waited 15 minutes for something that takes 8 minutes to make. No one else was in line in front of me.
However because of the long wait I was able to see that both this kid and the other person, an older woman, were back in the kitchen with their masks pulled UNDER their noses.
So once I finally did get my food I threw it directly into the trash.Very delicious freshly cooked food and its seems like it's a family run business plus they are open every dayGot hungry wandering around south street and popped into this cute little place with my family. The food is amazing and the staff is lovely and incredibly accommodating. The hummus is to die for.Waited an hour for a sandwich.  Horrible customer service. Children were running the restaurant. Disappointed I. The quality of Middle Eastern cuisine.Ordered the 1/2 chicken for takeout, opened the boxed and got excited. Oh my god, best chicken i have ever had. Comes with delicious white sauce, rice and pita, as well as fries that were super good. I ordered the chicken 3x more times in pat 10 days and am addicted, gf agrees it is fantastic.
Tried the chicken alfredo today and was blown away. Same? Delicious chicken in a clearly homemade delicious alfredo sauce. One of, if not the best alfredos i have had. Looking forward to try other things on the menu and really hope they can pull through the current crisis. Hidden gem!This is one of my favorite restaurants to order from. Every dish is delicious. It's hard to find really good grape leaves and they do it right. The chicken shawarma is delicious too. They are also really nice people and have great customer service. I can't recommend this place enough!Cilantro is a great new restaurant. They raise the bar on Mediterranean food that's well seasoned. Friendly owners and great decor.Great food and wonderful customer service! If ever on south street, make sure you visit!Customer service is a 10/10. The young boy at the front made sure to wait to give us fresh warm falafels. 
We got the mixed kabob platter and it was amazing! Everything is seasoned so well! Not enough food for 2 ppl lol. But other than that highly recommend this place.This is probably the best mediterranean/middle-eastern food in the Philly. The place is run by a family. My partner and I enjoyed every single item that we ordered. All authentic and close to what we used to eat in our parents' place.As an Egyptian and an American I can say that this isn't just some of the best middle eastern food in Philly, it's some of the best food PERIODT. 
I came in a large group and sat outside. Despite one reviewers comments, the safety precautions were excellent. Masks are worn at all times. This is a mom and pop establishment, not a Steven Starr chain. Please keep that in mind. 
Now onto the food. It is exceptional. The chicken kabob, chicken shawarma, lamb chops and kofte were beautifully seasoned. You can tell all the food here is cooked from the heart. It just has that special something. I'm biased, because it reminds me of my grandmothers cooking. The portions are as generous as the staff. At the end of the meal the owner came out and asked us if we would like hot black tea. He asked us like we were guests in his home, not just customers. It was a beautiful experience and I will be back again and again.Best middle eastern / Mediterranean in the area. Delicious food and very welcoming family run staff. Some aspects of the menu aren't self explanatory, but dont let that dissuade you. Ask questions and eat a delicious meal at a very fair price.The food and service was amazing this was a great dinner party spot!!! The food was unbelievably delicious!!!!I came in starving, I don't even like falafel & this was AMAZING! The falafel wrap was everything and more. My friends got the chicken wrap & they loved that too! The staff was so helpful & extremely kind! I feel like I found a hidden gem. If you love food & great service this is the perfect place for you!I come here a couple times a week.  The food is good, affordable, relatively healthy and the owners are very nice. I normally take-out but there's a lot of space for dining in!Delicious food!! We ordered the beef kabob and chicken shawarma bowl both were filling portions and very flavorfulFood was delicious, service was also great! Very homey atmosphere and the owners are super friendly. 
Everything was perfectly seasoned and fresh. Portions were also a great size! We loved our experience here and will be recommending friends!I ordered a Kefta platter and it was absolutely delicious! Some of the best Mediterranean food I have ever had. Will be back!This is seriously some of the best food in the neighborhood. I cannot get enough of their mixed grill platter. I have only had takeout from here, but they are very nice and everything is made fresh. 100% recommend!I've been here twice and have gotten the chicken shawarma bowl & chicken kebab platter. Both are really good. The staff is really great and accommodating too. The only thing I didn't like was that I ordered my food to go and was told it would take 20 mins, so I came in 20 mins, and ended up having to wait another 20. If I was just told 40 mins at the start that would have been fine as I would just came later.HOLY HUMMUS MOLY. This is the spot! I've been craving Middle Eastern food, originally from LA and missing some homemade yummy food, and decided to order from here. We got the Chicken Shawarma, Chicken Kabobs Plate, Hummus App, and the Falafel Platter. It came to about $40 and the portions were MASSIVE. However it gets better, as the food was clearly home cooked and prepared deliciously. The chicken was moist and the flavors were to die for. The hummus was so yummy, it has this like sweet but fieriness to it: different but I couldn't stop eating it. The falafel was so yummy and not greasy at all; the fries were battered so well. Also, it's a family owned and operated place, which is the icing on the cake. 
Overall, I'd say give this place a try. The food is delectable, the service is superb, and the portions are so worth it. Trust you, you will be in heaven.This is my second time coming here with my family. It sure is one  of the best Mediterranean restaurants I've been to. We all ordered the mixed grill. The portions are huge. The taste is amazing and the meat was literally melting in my mouth. It is also very unusual to have lamb chop with a mixed grill but it was included on the plate and was perfectly seasoned and cooked.
Cilantro will definitely be on my list of restaurants to make sure I visit whenever I visit Philadelphia!
I highly recommend it!Great place the food was very good and the service as well if you want some good food come here and try this place you'll not regretWe stumbled upon this restaurant while walking on South Street. We had made reservations at another restaurant, that wasn't even open. The staff was amazing and the food was absolutely delicious.Right off south street, hole in the wall kind kind of place. Food is made fresh when ordered. Owner is very nice, family restaurant. Food was delicious! Falafel was fresh, crispy and tasty. Ordered mix grilled, enough for 2. Would come backWe went here on 7/17 after reading all the great reviews. There is no waitress service and you order at the cash register and sit down or take out. There was no air conditioning and 2 small ceiling fans. They had no ice to keep our wine cold and the only water was bottled.
The pleasant part is the food is quite good and portions are large. We had chicken kabob and another dish that was ground beef mixed with lamb. Each dish comes with fries,rice,salad, pita and hummus.
If you are okay with no frills and large portions of Mediterranean food at reasonable prices you may like it here. I prefer a bit more service and atmosphere.Very good lamb chops dinner. Tender meat and flavorful sides. But the price of $20 from $14 bc of covid (of course) was ridiculous. I took off two stars. One bc of the spike and two bc they still kinda expected a tip. That $6 extra is ur tip buddy.It was so good to eat here at Cilantro. It's a family run business and the younger kids are always helping run the restaurant. The pita chips in my Chicken Shawarma was so good and so addicting. They gave me a huge pot of tea that made me feel so good and warm. It was too cold outside so this really helped.Great authentic meal - big portions and good flavors. The fattoush salad was really good, as was the chicken shawarma plate.The $7 off for order $25 or more at Grubhub is a good deal as it covers the delivery fee and taxes. As usual I ordered the schawarma bowl, babaganoush, and this time I tried an eggplant dish called mosskah. I placed the order around noon. I got a call to let me know that they opened at one so my food would be delivered at 1:30 and I would get free baklava. Sounded like a deal. At 1:45 my food hadn't arrived. I called and was told that it should arrive in 5 minutes. Just like 2 orders ago it arrived at 2. 
I would never order for lunch because it's always late. They should be consistent with the store hours. The yelp info states it opens at 11.
As always the chicken schawarma and babaganoush didn't disappoint me. 
The eggplant has some spicy kick and so good for dipping with the warm pita. There's some grease floating around but very tasty. Definitely recommend it.Stumbled upon this when craving shawarma or halal, and was thoroughly shocked! Probably one of my favorite go to chicken shawarma platter in Philly now. Craved it right after finishing it so I went 3x in two weeks. Chicken could be more moist but exudes a strong grilled charcoal taste when eating, topped with their house special white sauce. Includes a side of pickled veggies and mini salad, and fried chips in the platter! Really excited to try their beef shawarma too in the future. Platter is very filling and full too!
Only down side is that they are very inconsistent with answering the phone, tried calling multiple times before and once no answer that day while others ot took 2 to 3 tries. So don't be discouraged and try several calls first if needed.Got take out from here last Saturday and it was a mixed experience, but OK overall. 
Ordered online. Delicious sounding menu with lots of standard Mediterranean staples. When we ordered it said the food would be ready between 745 and 750. We got there at 8PM to pick up the food. The place honestly looked closed when we got there. Noted one mysterious person sitting with his packaged dinner in the lobby so I went inside. Was told by someone at the counter that it would be another 7-10min, and that I could wait out in the car and he would bring it to me. Sounded reasonable enough, so went back out to the car. Waited for another 10min...nothing. 15min later went back in the restaurant. Was then ignored by everyone in the restaurant for another 5 minutes and eventually my food came out. No apology for the total 1hour and 15min time it took to get my food ready or anything. 
For food we had the vegetarian bowl, and fried egg plant salad. For the bowl we asked for rice on the side but they gave us fries instead. They were cold and not crisp at all. The rest of the food was OK. The hummus was dry. Grape leaves were a little bland. 
Definitely way better options for Mediterranean food in Philly. This price point is a smidge lower, but the wait was crazy and the staff didn't seem aware of this at all which added insult to injury. Probably won't be back.Amazing food! Craving the food all over again! Loved the service too. Can't wait to have date night there again! Thanks so much.Amazing food! Amazing service! Great prices!   Must visit! 
Ordered the hawashi, kafta platter, the fattoush salad, moussaka,  stuffed vein leaves,  and the eggplant dip! Everything was spectacular, he offered us the rice pudding, which was amazing as well! Will definitely be back!Excellent! The food and service are consistently fabulous. Our favorites are the hummus, half chicken, and beef kebab. For takeout, they are fast. The most recent time we ordered, our food was a bit delayed because of an error by grubhub. The kitchen remake our food so it would be hot without reheating and delivered it directly. Thank you!!I was looking for a place to get healthy food with vegan options. We were very pleased that we found Cilantro. Our service was handled beautifully by a young boy under the supervision of his father.  He was attentive and charming. So nice to see a family business with the next generation in training. 
We ordered some sides to share and were pleased with all of them. The dolmas were obviously very fresh and especially tasty. The falafel, humous, and Baba Ganoush were all well prepared and distinguished. This speaks well since there are so many options of prepared items which are not easily distinguishable from the same dish at some restaurants. 
I would definitely return if I am in that area.Stopped in with my husband and baby , food was extremely fresh amazing . You get the aroma smell from right outside . Had no choice but to come in and take a look. You get a vibe as well , you get the cultural experience plus really fresh home made food . Recommend to everyone !!! Love love love !! Everything short of amazing down to their tea .This is definitely my new favorite Mediterranean restaurant!! I had the pleasure of dining here last night!! My entree was not only DELICIOUS but prepared with care!! The lamb platter was PHENOMENAL and filling!! I also order some hummus and it was DELICIOUS!! I will definitely be back!! I received great customer care and delicious food...Crepe is like bread pudding had a baby. Light. Creamy. Delicious. Its off-menu and you could eat it in 5 minutes but its worth it. People who run the place are friendly and good.Very yummy food! Wonderful service! Definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for some Mediterranean food!We went back in almost a week. We celebrated a birthday there. This place is a must try if you want to taste authentic Egyptian food. Seafood is super fresh. And the owner is very nice and accommodating.Ah-May-Zing! Everything! From the appetizers to the platters! Freshness in every bite! Meat had a very good distinctive flavor of straight off of the grill, all super tender. Customer service was superb, and very kind! In my two years in Philly this just made it to the top of my favesI ordered for delivery because of the promise of free delivery and dessert due to lateness of my order several weeks ago. However, after I got the total I don't think I got what was promised to me due to communication issue. It seems it's lost in translation. What disappointments me is that there's no receipt showing all of the charges. 
This time my chicken schawarma platter is served in an environmentally friendly container. The white sauce is what makes the dish so delicious. I wish I can just buy the white sauce. The quality of the food is consistent since my first order. I am really hooked on this place.I was craving some good local Mediterranean Food when we stumbled upon Cilantro. We wanted to find a new small business to support and I am so glad we made the call to order from here. We ordered the Chicken Shawarma Bowl which came with an amazing portion of perfectly seasoned chicken on a bed of rice with a fresh salad and yummy fried pita bread pieces topped with freshly made tzatziki sauce. We also got their Chicken Kabobs Plate which had  2 nicely grilled chicken kabobs kn a bed of rice. We tried their falafel appetizer too which was also delicious, we opted for the side of friends which were soggy at all - well cooked and crispy which I love. The staff is so friendly and kind. We've already ordered from them again and we definitely will be regulars.First time and I can say this is my new favorite mediterranean Restaurant in Philly. The food is good and flavorful. I had mixed girl over rice comes with humus and house salad. Thanks to the staff for excellent service. 
P.S I loved the real Egyptian tea that was served with the Kunafa dessertWe arrived in Philly late and came straight from airport. Little did we know that they stop taking order at 10 and we arrived at 10:20! They still took our order and made it fresh. Love the service, flavors in our falafel wraps, and environment felt inviting. 
Great food | big portions | inviting ownerGreat food! Great and friendly service! I would recommend this place for anyone looking for some wonderful Mediterranean food!The food and service was amazing. My wife and I had a long day of traveling and needed a place to eat, and we hit a Gem, by finding this place . If I lived here I'd eat here regularly . Family owned reaturant and they made us feel like family and took care of us, at 11pm. The best part they had Vegan options which suites our needs . I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves to eat Mediterranean food, or just want some good tasting food!This was a diamond in the rough for sure!  Small family owed business that strive to make everything perfect and really make it a point to welcome us like family. Portions were huge and big enough to share.  We ordered a bunch of apps but my favorites were grape leaves and mosskah. Lamb chops were grilled to perfection, falafel, beef dish, chicken kabob and shawarma were just as good. All the dishes came on a platter of rice, veggies, and crunchy fries. It really was a plate of deliciousness. Muhammad even hooked us up with some Egyptian black tea when we were all done.  I can't wait to go back to try the rest of the menu.Found my new favorite place to eat! The ambience was peaceful, the staff were attentive and the food was amazing! I've been drooling over Instagram posts for weeks and finally went to see for myself. Found my new favorite spot about to order GrubHub againThis place has fresh, flavorful food. More of a take out place but do have seating for 15-20. Tried the lamb chops, chick shawarma and beef shawarma. Everything was we made and tasty. Salads and pita were very fresh. Def recommend for anyone looking for authentic middle eastern/Mediterranean food.went yesterday for lunch, things seemed a bit slow (they don't open till 1:00 PM), but the food was prepared fresh and they know how to cook.  Excellent food.  The mixed appetizer was a perfect start with lots of different treats to sample.Great place and amazing food, definitely a must try ... don't let looks deceive you .. family owned and did I said great food. Lamb chops is a must tryOur first time going and it was great,probably would say my favorite restaurant around there ,everything was delicious and well made ,delicious flavor,the workers where really nice and helpful ,definitely would recommend 100%I cannot say enough good things about the incredible food here. We had the falafel wraps, and they were freshly made to order. The ratios of everything was perfect, and I thoroughly enjoyed the meal. They have a wide variety of bottled and canned drinks from mint lemonade to peach juice. 
The staff was so kind and helpful, and you can tell the family cares a lot about their business and its customers. 
Beware it's a little toasty inside and the food takes time, but this place is worth a little patience and discomfort!This spot is 4 or 5 stars for food but as far as service goes - it's not amazing. Biggest thing that left a bad taste in my mouth was getting charged a 13% service fee that is not listed on the menu anywhere and when I asked for my paper receipt they said they would just text it to me. I would have tipped on top of that anyway had we known, but the fact that it was sneaky really did not sit well with us. 
As for the food. The hummus is the best I've ever had, there was a roasted eggplant dish we got because they were out of baba ghanoush, and we all got mixed grill or kebabs which were delicious. The falafel was very dry and overcooked. It would be nice if they gave enough pita bread for the table to share when they brought the hummus out. 
The service - this is a small family owned business it seems like the parents were in the kitchen and the son was serving/sitting at the counter not doing much. It took quite awhile to get any food and we had to keep asking for things. 
Ambience was fine very casual but it was freezing because they kept the door open so we had to eat with our coats on. 
I think would get takeout from here maybe since the food was great but definitely will not waste our time/money dining in again.Walked around for a mile looking for a meal and this place exceeded expectations. Service was fast, friendly, and superb overall. The food delicious and the waiters recommendation was immaculate.The food tastes phenomenal and also had great portion sizes. I really enjoyed eating here. The mix plate was very tasty. All the meats are mouth watering. Service is great, and the owner is also very kind. Definitely will return hereThis little gem Mediterranean restaurant is located in queens village. It's a family owned restaurant, interior is nicely decorated, next time I would want to try dine in. We had take out, personally I find it fun to eat out of a big tray that's probably meant for more than one person. We ordered the mixed grill tray consisting of lamb chop, ground beef, and chicken. The beef and lamb chop were not dry and cooked perfectly. The salad added a nice crunch. They also give you sauce and hummus on the side. I'm a big sauce person so I wished I got more for the amount  of rice we got but it was still delicious regardless. The falafel was just a a tasty and filling. We essentially just combined everything together. I would definitely come back to this restaurant and ordered the same thing!One of my new favorite spots in Philadelphia. Very great price, and even better food. Def will be back for more soon!amazing food and service! the waiter here was so sweet and recommended us some great dishes- we tried the keftah kabob, beef kabob, chicken shawarma, and lamb chops. He even gave us some baklava on the house :) ! I would definitely come back.WILL NEVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN!... I placed an order at 8:05 and it's now 10:20 and still no food!... Called numerous amounts of time just to get someone to answer... The kid who did answer (and yes it was a kid) said "well of course no one answered because you called back to back"... How arrogant ! He then later passed the phone to an adult who did apologize for the delay and that he will deliver a fresh order himself but will take another 25 mins...I appreciate the gesture however, I'd be eating my food close to midnight for an order that was placed at 8:05 ! I normally don't write bad reviews but how unprofessional things were left me no choice but to explain my experience... Goodluck on your delivery from this place if you ever decide to give it a go..Holy moly, this place is incredible! 
We were so hungry after our trip to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, and were looking for a cleaner, healthier option, and one with ample vegetarian options. 
I called ahead, and glad I did, because they were only seating by reservation. The restaurant is small and casual inside, but we were able to get a table no problem - I'm guessing the reservation thing is more for their idea of people coming, and not that you'll actually have to wait for a table, because there were just 2 other parties there dining in. 
They came to the table to serve us, but in hindsight, I actually think we should have went to the counter to order. They were just so hospitable that we didn't realize that until leaving, when people were coming to place orders.
My friend and I split the chicken shawarma wrap with a salad instead of fries, and I also got an order of stuffed grape leaves.
Our dining companions got an order of hummus and pita, as well as a roasted vegetable platter with pita.
Our food took quite a while for what we'd ordered, in my opinion - probably 30-40 minutes. 
Once the food had arrived, I would have waited an hour longer. It was absolutely divine! The chicken shawarma wrap was absolutely incredible - best tasting chicken I've ever had. It was just absolutely perfect. The salad was a good portion, with a delicious homemade vinaigrette. 
The grape leaves were warm and just absolutely incredible, again the best I have ever had. Ive never tasted ones like that, warm and with tomato inside (usually they're cold and dense, with just a white rice mixture inside) and I could tell they must be an Old World family recipe. 
The roasted vegetables were grilled to perfection, and my friend thoroughly enjoyed his vegetarian meal. The hummus was enjoyed, but she thought it had just a bit too much olive oil on top for her liking.
Overall, Cilantro is solid. Fresh, homemade, clean food with lots of time and care put into it. I would suggest maybe ordering ahead, unless you're okay with sitting back and waiting a while. honestly, it's so worth it. 
I hope to go back to Philly just so I can revisit this restaurant. Thank you for a delicious meal!The food was amazing and the hospitality was wonderful. Great conversations and very accommodating. Best lamb chops super soft and tender.