Stopped by for a quick mid afternoon snack.  Ordered the spring rolls, crab Rangoon, and pork dumplings. All very delicious.  Also got a plate of the house chicken and rice, which came with chicken stock and parsnip, all were superb.  Highly recommend this new spot in China town, will definitely return!The chicken was delicious, but the rice was hard and raw.  Really disappointed  since rice is other half of this dish. We order three meals and all three   had similar raw hard rice but delicious chicken.Visited during covid
Walked by and saw signs for 海南雞飯！
They just opened last week. They have the normal han-nan chicken and fried version
Good flavor... but I do prefer the fried version... which is odd.. I usually like the normal version more
Would like to try it there instead of take homeOrdered from here when I randomly came across this place on Yelp. And wow!! The food is amazing. I'm Asian and grew up eating chicken and rice. The ginger was is amazing. So flavorful and fluffy without a string hit if ginger. The baked chicken was moist and not fatty. My favorite part was the side of liver. It was cooked perfectly with an amazing sauce. I can't wait to be able to go and eat at this place instead of doing takeout. Even though their take packaging was great and it came quickly.Very authentic Thai food. Food is delicious. Chicken is fresh. Coconut rice is good as well.Couldn't decide between the boiled or fried so I got the mixed set. Loved both and the sauce made it even better! Substituted the free drink with Thai tea and it was super refreshing.I am a big fan of Hainan chicken, but this is my first time having it in Philly and let's just say, it's freaking delicious. I can't believe I didn't know about this place. Im going back next week.This place just opened last Friday, and my husband and I have gotten takeout twice! Pricing is excellent for the sets although it was not clear from the menu that there is an extra charge if you get mixed meat (both fried and boiled chicken). Both are delicious, as are the rice and soup that come with the set. I can only imagine how difficult it is to open up a restaurant during the pandemic and hope that they will continue to do well.If you like boiled or fried chicken over rice Thai style. It's come with Thai sauce. Omg!!! The taste of them so good. I very like it. Let you try how delicious of foods by this restaurantWow, just wow. I've never had chicken rice before and I know I might be exaggerating a bit but this place was really good, like so delicious good.  The rice was nice and fluffy and flavorful with just the right seasoning. The chicken was delicious boiled or fried(we ordered both). I think I will be coming here when I crave that chicken rice. I don't have a paper menu but they offer sets for family meals. Stop by and give them a try. You won't be disappointed.Friendly staff and service is pretty fast. I tried the mixed chicken set and both the boiled and fried chicken were delicious! I definitely prefer the fried and the sweet sauce paired great with it. I would also recommend their Thai tea! Overall, I love the minimalistic menu concept and the interior design is bright and fun.Really delicious at a great price. We got the boiled chicken and rice set for 2 people (takeout), and enjoyed the tender chicken (reminiscent of Hainanese chicken), rice, and soup. Hits the spot on a cold night. Also like that the chicken and rice are wrapped in waxed paper - feels less wasteful than the styrofoam or plastic containers you often get with takeout.I walked past Cily wondering what it was. I grabbed a menu and looked it up and read the great reviews. I thought, I had to give this a try! 
Fast forward a few days, I came by and ordered a Set 1 with fried chicken. The wait was quick and I received my order less than 10 minutes from placing the order. I walked home, dug in, and the food was still hot and fresh.
The chicken is extremely tender and authentic, just like what I had in Asia. And the rice is infused with ginger and chicken stock, which add so much flavor. I just started eating the rice by itself, it was that good! The meal also came with radish soup, which I thought was so good that it tasted like what my mom makes. 
Once I devoured the food, I was already craving more. I'm already planning on coming again soon. If you're nearby and wondering what this cute yellow-exterior restaurant is, step in and you won't regret it!A great contemporary spot for a quick meal! My boyfriend and I ordered Set 2 which came with a shared plate of chicken, 2 bowls of rice, 2 bowls of soup and a side of their Thai special sauce to dip the chicken in. For $17.99, it was definitely worth it. I recommend getting their chicken fried - the crisp was perfect on the chicken we got!
The portion sizes are decent, the service is fast and friendly, and the establishment itself is clean!Great food . fried chicken and ginger rice is favorite and the soup is a favorite. Set 3 Boneless Chicken with 3 Sets of Soup and RiceA unique addition to Chinatown with this thai street food restaurant! Who doesn't love the concept of cheap but tasty street food that hits the spot when you're thinking of where to get a meal? I preferred the fried chicken over ginger rice vs the boiled chicken due to the crisp and complementary flavour of the fried chicken that stood out more. Probably not healthier... but it's a street for concept, so I can cheat a little :) 
Also as a heads up, they sell or include gizzard and chicken liver in the dish, honestly one of my favs (but be warned there's no salt, which they flavored it). But this is probably not the ideal for everyone who gets queasy thinking about eating innards, so you can just tell them "no thanks". Or you can be daring...I understand the hype about this restaurant.  Came in with high expectations and was not disappointed.  I'm a big fan of haianese chicken rice and this place hit the spot.  Get the mixed chicken, share it with a loved one and strap in because you'll be running back for more after that first bite.  The chicken comes with a chicken flavored rice and soup.  Very filling.We ordered Pad Thai, Red Curry and crab Rangoon. The food was amazing! Some of the best Rangoon and curry I've had in a while. My girlfriend really liked the Pad Thai too.I would recommend the crispy chicken and rice (the house made chili sauce is an unbelievable pairing), the coconut chicken soup (tom Kha gai), the pad kee mao (drunken noodles) if you are ever in Philadelphia. The seasoning and spices level are just right. Best authentic Thai food in Chinatown area!!My first experience was horrible didn't like the food chicken tasted weird my food looked like you serve it to a dogLegitimately just left this place and already I want more the fried chicken was amazing including the sauce had to get extra this is a gem to the community unfortunately I live in New York and been wanting to try this place for the longest totally worth the drive can't wait to come back for more debating as I right this to get more before I drive back home..*Update* we went back for more after this post lolIt's really a fantastic place for boiled chicken. If you like hainanese chicken this is the place to go. Their rice, portions, bone off fresh chicken, and amazing soup for only $10 is really a great deal. They also have fried chicken with rice as well but since it's takeout the fried chicken gets soft so I would just recommend the boiled chicken. It also includes their own Thai sauce, which is sweet and spicy and some soy sauce but honestly I don't like that sauce it tastes really sweet I prefer the hainanese chicken light soy sauce but everything else can't be beat. I've been here twice and will be back for more! Def recommend you come to try, if you have more than 1 get the set it's a lot of food!This might be one of the best takeout hainanese style chicken and rice joint I've ever had in my life. It is a must try. They give you a choice between the boiled or fried version. My recommendation is to try both. It comes with beautifullly made and fragrant ginger rice and a side of soup. One bite into this and I can confidently say it's sit down quality type of food but for takeout. Try it out and for a reasonably priced meal, you get chicken, rice and a soup.I've ordered Cily 3x. 2 were via delivery through chowbus and 1 was take out. Each time we ordered the meal for 2 that comes with coconut rice, half crispy chicken and half steamed/boiled?, 2 soups, and 2 or 3 dipping  sauces.
The food was delicious the first time from delivery. Chicken was crispy and the steamed or boiled chicken was tasty. My favorite was the sweet brown sauce. The rice is meant to be eaten by hand and tasty with a hint of something, maybe ginger? I forget. The soup was delicious too. The random chicken organs I can do without.
The next two times were okay. Delivery took longer so chicken was soggy instead of crispy and third time was take out, but they didn't include the sweet brown sauce so that was a bummer. Chicken is best when it's hot.
Soup is constantly good. Some light brown with white radish.Great food for a great price!! Located in the heart of Chinatown, you can't find better Thai Street food anywhere else in Philly. The staff is friendly, which is also a plus! There's a bit of a wait but that's how you know they make it fresh ~ Was able to dine-in before the lockdown, and presentation is 10/10!I've been here a few more times since and wow they've really upped their game since last time! It was already fantastic last time but I felt the sauce was too sweet, this time they gave us ginger garlic oil sauce plus a Thai soy spicy space, which combined really brought it to another level! Their soup and rice is always spot on. Only complaint is if they can go more environmentally green and use less plastic maybe more paper bags. Also good job on adding additional appetizers, it's not the star of the show but good to have something new. Overall can't complain will be def back here many more times to come best chicken rice in Philly!We can now add a place to our list of go-to spots in Chinatown! We ordered the Pad See Ew, Pad Kee Mao, and Chicken Rice with fried and boiled chicken. Everything was DELICIOUS. The kids ate everything too, well, except for the Pad Kee Mao because of the spice factor. The Pad Kee Mao was my favorite, probably the best I've had in Philly! Would definitely try again in the future.Kind of obsessed with their chicken here!
It has become a go-to among our friends - the chicken is juicy and the ginger rice is flavorful. For a first visit, I would especially recommend the mixed set, which comes with half boiled and half fried chicken (see pic for reference). 
The inside space isn't huge, but they can rearrange the tables for larger groups if it's not too busy. 
Cily is simple yet solid and consistent, making it an excellent everyday option in the area.
PS. My friends who were in the room when I had written my review for Cily were very emphatic that Cily deserves five-stars, so it's a good thing that's what I had rated it. One of my friends commented that the ginger rice was "life-changing" haha.This is legit. Simple done well.  Would like to see more small menu restaurants like this.  Takes the guesswork out of what to order.  I can find many excuses to order from here.THIS PLACE IS SO FIREEEEEEEEE! This is my go to spot in Chinatown now. I ordered the boneless chicken over rice and it also comes with soup and Thai chili sauce on the side. It was so delicious, it looks simple but trust me, it's amazing. I ordered as a takeout and it was packaged so nicely as you can see in the picture attached. I highly recommend this place if you're craving chicken over rice dish.It's almost unbelievable to me that they give me a piece of paper for my take out. I told them I wanted a box, and they basically tell me this is the way it is and don't come back if I don't like it. What?! First time I got such a negative vibe from a newly opened restaurant! They were basically telling me that they don't care how I felt about their service and utensils if they can save a dime on a box. Unbelievable!Wow. Very cute spot with great prices and good choices. Every single thing that I have actually tried has been really delicious. Service is wonderful and crew very friendly. Definitely going to go back!I was excited to try this place after a few friend's recommendations. I got their boiled chicken combo which includes innards. Not going to lie, I skipped the innards but I thoroughly enjoyed the boiled chicken, ginger rice, radish soup & all the yummy sauces plus garlic. It's very affordable and the service is great!Mom's cooking but with a twist! I ordered the Set 1 with fried chicken. It came with ginger rice and it tasted just like the one my mom used to made when I was little. You can get the steamed chicken, which is more traditional, or the fried one, which was perfect. The meat was juicy and flavorful, the batter stayed crispy even when I got home. The sauce was the perfect amount of hot, sour and sweet! I whished there was a tiny more pickled veggies though. The price was 9,99 and included a canned soda and a chicken broth with white radish. Very good! Service was great, the girl working there was very friendly and welcoming. I will definitely come back since I live near by.Tried out Cily Chicken when it first opened last year...
The chef & part owner are Thai so you know it's legit  and let me tell you... the sauce that goes with the chicken is so goooooooood. Don't ever not try the chicken without the sauce please & thank you!Authentic Thai chicken place! I ordered the fried chicken set 1, I absolutely love the sauce. The rice has so much flavor. They have more items on the menu now, haven't tried it yet but looking forward to get some next time. My go to order is the fried chicken set 1, it's perfect portion for one person. The portion they serve is a good amount as well.My 2nd time here ordered Set 3. The chicken rice with soup were amazing combinations especially with the special chilli sauce. The Fried chicken is well flavoured and boiled chicken is very tender. The fried dumplings was also lightly crispy. The ginger rice and garlic sauce really added to the flavour. The staff are nice and friendly, the service was quick and professional. Definitely come back.Delicious!!  Simple and well done.  Great spot for Thai street food chicken and rice!  Also easy ordering options for Large family style mealsBesides the steam and fried chicken over rice, they now have Pad Thai, flat noodles and Fried Rice.  All very good and tasty.  Steam chicken is juicy. Sometimes the fried chicken is juicy, but sometimes it's a bit dry, but still good.Really good food. Every dish I've had is good. The traditional chicken platters are usually what we go for. The ginger rice that comes with them is super tasty. I'll get the half boiled and half fried, and the fried is so crispy!! We've also had the pineapple fried rice and pad see ew and both were enjoyable. 
Definitely give the chicken rice a try though!!! You also get so much food with these meal setsI was excited to try the restaurant because the pictures on Yelp looked delicious, and the cartoon wall art was super cute. However, I thought the food was just alright.
Set 1 Boneless Chicken Over Rice (Fried): The chicken was crispy but bland. However, the ginger rice was super interesting - the ginger flavor was strongly infused throughout. 
Pad See Eew: Bland, there was not enough soy sauce to fully flavor the dish.
Massaman Curry: Good! Flavorful and great portion size.Got the drunken noodles and that was pretty good. Wish it was more spicy even tho I asked for spicy. Would be nice if they add spice level to their Yelp ordering options.Seen and heard about this new place from reviews on local news paper. Walked past it a few time and been wanting to try it out. They specialize in Thai chicken and rice a dish to me that have a few versions. And heck can't go wrong with chicken and rice.  I had Hainanese Chicken rice before from Penang and Banana Leaf both a few blocks away. Both Restaurants is good but I prefer Penang. Both those restaurants chicken and rice dish are Malaysian style. Cily version is Thai style and it's known as a street food. 
Well today was the day I finally got the chance to try it. The place is not very big but very bright. Could fit probably 20 maybe more, maybe less if it wasn't for Covid. But now they only do take out and delivery. Took a few minutes to look over the menu. Not a lot of dishes but to me that's a good thing. That means they're focusing on their key dishes and it's freshness. Their whole menu is all Thai dish a lot of which are what Street vendors sell. Pad Thai, pad Seewel, and skewers. 
I got the Fried chicken over rice. Sounds simple nothing special right. Man was I wrong. Got home as fast I can because I didn't want the chicken to get soggy. Open the box and thank lord it was still hot. Took my first bite of the chicken and I was amazed. Not only was it still tender but I knew right away they didn't use day old oil. There was no funky old grease taste and the chicken was fried just right where it was still juicy. The rice wasn't no ordinary hainanese chicken rice. It that with a nice hint of ginger that elevated it to the next level. It was fluffy, fragrant, and tender. Their sweet chili have just the right amount of heat with a light sweetness from pineapple. Not sure but there is a fruitiness element to the sauce. 
This spot did not disappoint and it satisfied my craving for chicken rice. It also gave me a little taste of Thai street food. Definitely going back to try the rest of the menu.This place is so good that I did a little chicken dance. Yelp did not disappoint when I went searching for a new place to eat in Philadelphia's Chinatown. 
When you supposedly had the best Hainanese chicken in the world in Singapore (Tian Tian Hainanese Chicken) from the likes of Anthony Bourdain and Mike Chen and this place tops that, that is saying a lot! And I didn't have to sweat my tush like I did the other place which was at a hawker. This is Hainanese Chicken THAI style.
We wanted to try both of their boiled and fried chicken so we ordered the Set 3: Boneless Chicken with 3 Sets of Soup & Ginger Chicken Rice. One of the things I love about chicken flavored rice is the fresh grated ginger. The clear radish soup had a nice kick to it. The meal is accompanied by three different dipping sauces. But the chicken is the star...super juicy and perfectly cooked. We all favored the fried chicken, the crispiness of the skin was tasty and not oily. At the end of the plate were some gizzards and liver. Aside from their famous chicken dishes, there are many noodle, fried rice and curry dishes.
This place is tiny with only a few tables. Best to come here as soon as it opens or do takeout so you don't have to wait. 
Winner, Winner, Chicken Dinner!Solid and affordable Thai style restaurant located in the heart of Chinatown. I did not expect a simple chicken and rice dish to be so deliciously made! I got their Set 1 with a boiled styled chicken dish. It came with a bowl of soup, bottle of water (or soda, you can choose) and a few cucumbers as a side.
As someone who does not like ginger, I was in love with the ginger rice that came with the chicken! The ginger taste is there but it was very light and flavored nicely in the rice. It was not overwhelming at all!! I got the boiled style chicken which is 100% recommended especially if you like super juicy and soft chicken. The two dipping sauces were ginger oil and a lightly spicy sauce that gave that extra OOMPH to the entire dish. Price and portions of the dish only cost 9.99 which is an excellent and very affordable dinner option.Definitely on my list as top takeout spots in Chinatown - would come back again and again for their fried chicken over rice! Highly recommend.
How they're managing COVID: All servers were in masks and gave very punctual, quick takeout - I called to order in advance, but they have online ways of placing orders too.
Food: They're known for their chicken over rice dish, a common street food in Thailand. Tried both the fried and boiled chicken options - I did like the fried a bit more, but thought both were delicious. The sweet & slightly spicy sauce paired very well with the chicken. My favorite part was definitely rice - a blend of ginger and chicken stock. The chicken portion size was also quite large for only ~$10.
Overall: 5/5 -  Seriously - you have to order this for takeout at least once. I will definitely be back (largely for their rice!)After seeing reviews of the newly opened Hainanese chicken rice restaurant on Yelp, I was excited to check out Cily Chicken Rice. 
I grew up eating Hainanese chicken rice, so I am going to be biased of course, and had high expectations going in. 
I am used to Hainanese chicken being poached in stock with ginger and scallions, which would make the chicken flavorful. Cily's boiled chicken tasted pretty bland. The sauces that were provided did compliment the chicken nicely though. I also liked that the chicken was served warm, unlike Penang's. 
The fried chicken, on the other hand was delicious. I would recommend this over the boiled chicken.
As for the chicken rice, it wasn't seasoned and could use more chicken fat. Our set for two also came with two bowls of broth, with generous pieces of radish in it, which I enjoyed.If you want delicious authentic Thai food, this is the place to order from! Food always comes hot when delivered, well packaged with more than enough portions.  Just ordered the Pad Thai this evening which was simply delicious.  Prices are very reasonable!Mikey Chen came here so therefore I must come here. He noted particularly the rice being good. He wasn't wrong. 
They specialize in Hainanese chicken and you could get it either boiled style or fried style with crispy skin. I got their set#1 with the boiled style chicken. The chicken tasted like your typical Chinese poached chicken and came with a ginger scallion sauce and a hot sauce to go with it. Their ginger rice though was special. It didn't taste like your typical white rice and had a unique flavor to it. The set also came with a soup and was a nice hearty broth - not too salty not too bland. 
Overall, I would come again if in the area. I gotta try their fried style chicken rice next time.Dined inside the other day and ordered Set 1, and paid $2 extra to get the combo of boiled and fried chicken. The radish soup and ginger rice were both amazing. Chicken was very juicy and paired perfectly with the variety of sauces. Very clean facility inside. This was my second time eating boiled chicken and it is very different. Tender and juicy meat, but I prefer fried over boiled. I wasn't able to finish my food so got it in a to go box. Unfortunately, they do not have any sauces they can give you to go not even one. Also, it's a credit card minimum of $15. Thankfully they have Venmo and you can pay using the app! 
I plan on returning and trying their other dishes like curry and noodles.Well wasn't this place a nice surprise! Honestly, I always stay away from newer restaurants like this because sometimes the food is toned down in terms of spice and everything nice, but CCR was a very pleasant surprise. We tried the black cloud fungus (mushrooms), the chicken pad thai because I literally try pad thai everywhere, and the red curry. 
The black cloud fungus aka mushrooms were REALLY good. The texture kinda reminded me of tofu with more cheesier taste. I even threw some on my pad thai towards the end of eating it because I mix my foods like a child sometimes. The pad thai was pretty solid. Not the spiciest, but the portion were fair. I really don't remember the red curry since my wife only gave me a spoonful, but the little I had was ok. lol She's nice sometimes and shares her food. 
Overall will order something different like the chicken fried rice and see what the fuss is about.The chicken and rice here is excellent but don't sleep on the Thai food! I've tried all of the noodle dishes on the menu and was happy with every single one. I would say their noodles are better than many Thai restaurants in the city. The drunken noodles dish is quite spicy so beware if you have a low spice tolerance. Cily has become one of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown because the food is always consistent. I always seem to forget that they're closed from 3pm-4pm, which is oddly when I want to order!So freaking delish. 10/10 recommend the fried chicken and rice. The reason for only 4 stars is, I always order for delivery. A couple of times I have received my order and it's been wrong. One time I ordered the fried chicken and received the boiled chicken and it took forever to come.. so I was hungry and the order was wrong, so you can see how that's frustrating. Another time I ordered extra sauce and they gave me the wrong sauce. It hasn't deterred me from placing future orders from here, but it does cause me to worry I may not get what I ordered. Also it takes a little longer than it says it does than the delivery time your are given. But it's a must try though.Literally changed everything I knew about Thai food!  Super delicious, cute, and clean. I totally recommend any of the chicken sets and the coconut soup with ginger rice is amazingSunday afternoon came in to the store and order takeout 11:55AM,  after paying the lady told us that their kitchen is very busy, need to wait 20-30min... at that time she really didn't give us a choice cuz we have already pay. Went out and bought drinks and came back 25mins later, the same lady told us that it almost ready, they are packing our food. Continue waited 15mins, saw new customers came in after us and order, their food got served.... Went and ask, got a response "I can't control the kitchen" it's now 12:43PM... we are still waiting. This kind of restaurant, I would suggest to stay away! Far away!!! Will never come back again...12:45PM they came out with our food, I walked out and my sister remained me to check the bad, and there!!! they missed up our order!!! This was the worst experience. We are speechless.The Good first. Cily pushes chicken on you in name and decor, and they're not messing around. I had their fried chicken with rice and it was SCRUMPTIOUS. The outside of the chicken was so crispy. It was like I was crunching glass in my mouth (in a good way), but the meat was still moist and delicate. I was really surprised by the rice. My dining companions and I kept looking at each other and saying, "my god, the rice!" after every bite. Never before have I gone to a restaurant and been wowed by rice, but Cily changed that. My dining companions also ordered chicken and rice dishes and were similarly impressed. Our appetizers we ordered were a smorgasbord of fried delights. Really clogged our arteries on crab rangoons, spring rolls and dumplings. All were pretty solid and everything was extremely friendly to our wallets. Seriously though...That rice...Heavenly.
There aren't many bad things about this place. I suppose the place is  small and I was a little disappointed they didn't have Thai fishcakes in stock. A legitimate criticism I have, and this is nitpicking, is that there were a lack of vegetables with our chicken sets. But Cily does have some vegetable mains that we could've gotten if we really wanted our fix of greens.
TL;DR Nothing silly about Cily Chicken Rice. Chicken is genuinely good. Maybe get some veggie dishes on the side though.This was the first meal I had after moving to Philadelphia and it was a great introduction! It stays open a bit later than most of the other restaurants in the area, which is much appreciated. The boiled chicken rice is so good and reminds me of hainanese chicken. We got the set for 2 people, which also comes with soup! There was a regular sauce and a spicy sauce and I actually really liked the spicy one. We also got the pad Thai which I thought was just ok, which is why this isn't 5 stars. The chicken rice was def 5 stars though!! The value is also so great - we were 3 people and still had a good amount of leftovers! Definitely 100% recommend stopping by here for the chicken rice :) I'll come back and try the fried chicken instead next time (or do half and half bc the boiled chicken is so good)Got takeout here, during my lunch break at work, Set 1 is very worth it for its price of ~$11.00. Comes with this mildly spicy orange chili sauce for the chicken. Will come back here, next time I work a day shift.We got the set #1 and a fish cake appetizer for takeout. Ginger rice was amazing , chicken was a bit dry, and sauces were on point (just wish there was more). They did forgot to add the soup that came with the set and we didnt notice till we got home. Fish cake was good and as expected!
I'll probably come back for dine in at some point and see if that makes a difference.I was very excited to try this place especially they specialized in Hainanese chicken which is one of my favorite dishes. 
I got the boneless chicken over ginger rice. It also came with liver, gizzard, and soup. Other dishes I've tried were the pad see eew noodle with beef and the fried style chicken over rice with ginger rice. Overall,  the dishes were good but my favorite was the fried style chicken rice. I found the fried-style chicken more flavorful and the chicken cooked more well done. The ginger rice was ok. It's good but the flavor can be better. The pad see eew dish was delicious. I also enjoyed the soup with radish that came with the meal. 
The service and the wait time for the food are longer than I expected.  But overall, a great place for Hainanese chicken and Thai food in Chinatown.I'm so glad I came across Cily Chicken Rice. I've missed good Hainanese chicken rice, and this place delivers. Both the "boiled" and fried chicken were done so well that I had nothing but good things to say about them. The "oil" rice was also made just rice with great flavor and fragrance. Best of it was the chili sauce, but I wish it was a little spicier.Ordered take out, food are well packaged, still warm when received. Delicious chicken and rice, and I love the sauces. Friendly owner and staff. 
Portion is perfect for me, might be a little small for bigger person. However, since the price is pretty good, you can just order a bigger one or another one. 
Do recommend to try both boiled and fried!Had the best Hainan chicken rice here. It's hard to find Singaporean style food and I'm so glad to find it here! They even give you the soup with it with the hot sauce. Must try! Just wish they had milk tea here tooI've ordered from here twice via ubereats. The restaurant is very accommodating on request which I very much appreciate. 
First time I ordered their set 3 - half fried and half boiled. Second time I ordered their set 3 - with a request of 2 fried and 1 boiled if it was possible and they gave it to me. I also ordered their tom yum soup and wontons. 
Portions were really good and filling. it. Their chicken was good both times. I prefer the fried chicken over the boiled -- the fried is much flavorful and both times the flavor. Their wonton was good, nothing special but also not bad. Their tom yum soup had good amount of stuff in it but it was too salty. 
I find it there may a bit of inconsistency with seasoning with the soups? The chicken sets comes with radish soup; my first order the taste was perfect but my second order the soups were sooo salty that I couldn't drink it which is also the same order as the salty tom yum soup. 
Overall, I really like this place. I would order again. On the side random note I missed the paper rice wrap for the second order. Something about the paper wrapper brought back nostalgic memories; it was a nice touch.This is our go to weekday food in a Chinatown - this is a very very solid addition in the area!  The hainanese chicken rice and the fried chicken rice are delicious, though I prefer the fried chicken rice slightly more. Definitely recommend! Prices are good too :)New spot so we give it a try, chicken is very moist in a good way!! 
Ginger rice is 10/10 (must order extra of that)I like their fried chicken, and the dipping sauces. But the steamed chicken was RAW, soup too salty, and the Thai tea was  too sweet...I have tried their food from when they've first opened. They have consistently delivered great quality food for a very affordable price. The portions are enough for the price and the ingredients are fresh. I have tried both boiled and fried chicken rice. I personally like the fried option a tad better than the boiled. It's great that they're adding more options to their menu. I have recently tried their Tom Yum Fried Rice and Pad Thai. Both are really good, but thei Tom Yum Fried Rice is my new favorite. I'll most likely try their other options soon!Cily chicken has such a cute restaurant with cool art and a quick eating experience. They offer indoor seating but they do close that around 2 or 3 to prepare for the dinner rush(I'm guessing), so remember that if you prefer eating in. I got the half and half with friend chicken and rice. The rice had a delicious subtle flavor and the chicken was perfectly crunchy. We got an appetizer, but I don't remember the name, sorry! It was good, but not my favorite. They also have Thai drinks that I didn't get to try, but they look good. They do a lot of takeout here so if you prefer to eat at home you can definitely do that. Overall great place!