Cin Cin is a solid dine-in Chinese-french restaurant.  Their food is great and reasonably priced, and the staff is nice. My wife and I has tried most of the items on their menu and liked them all.I love cin cin I been wanting to try this restaurant for years . I had fast,friendly and upscale service . I ordered for lunch steam dumplings and chicken in wine sauce with mix veggies and brown rice. the atmosphere was beautiful it makes feel im in japan again .The food was delicious only complaint is the dumplings were small they give u six next time I will order wonton soup . at the end of meal they give  u a chocolate fortune cookie with your check NICE TOUCHCin Cin is a neighborhood chinese restaurant that I have frequented for years.  The prices are high, but the food tastes fresh is considered a little more upscale than your usual chinese restaurant.
They have a large dining room, but I usually just do takeout.  The reason for the 2 stars is the poor or lack of customer service.  Now when I enter I always say Hello (as any normal human should) and I am NEVER greeted back.  They usually say what did you order.  When I am purchasing (1) order of sesame chicken, fried rice and salad for $30+...........I expect a greeting.
A few weeks ago I had enough and decided not to return.  I'd rather spend my $ at the Yu Hsiang garden down the street.I rely on the opinions of my fellow Yelpers whenever I am traveling and looking for a great place to grab a meal.  I'm usually not steered wrong.  It is for that reason and that reason alone that I didn't walk out before I finished placing my order.  But I wish I did.  Here's what happened.  I parked around the corner from the restaurant as there was no parking available in their lot.  That was no problem, it's actually a really cute neighborhood and I didn't mind the summer breeze.  I walked into the restaurant around 4:00pm on a Sunday and asked to see a menu for a take out order.  I ordered the sesame chicken and asked for a side order of plain fried rice.  That's when things went wrong.  The woman taking my order snaps back - NO!  You can't have a side order - you have to order it separate and pay full price.  That's when my eyebrow raised....and not the double eyebrow that says I'm shocked and surprised.  I'm talking the single eyebrow with the nose flare that says "I know she did not just snap at me like that".  But I took a deep breath and said "no problem, how much is it". In total I paid 16 dollars for Sesame Chicken and a pint of plain fried rice.  
I reminded myself that the food is going to be good because it got great reviews on Yelp and google - I paid and waited patiently for my order.  When it comes out, the woman points to the bag recently placed on the bar and says - that's your order.  I stood there (single eyebrow once again raised) and waited for her to hand it to me.  I didn't think it was too much for me to ask for a little customer service and I knew she knew how to do it because I had watched her hand other patrons their order and walk them through what they ordered moments before.  
Never the less, I exited the restaurant and left to go to my destination to eat and once again I was let down.  The food was not good at all and it had nothing to do with the sour taste the earlier experience left in my mouth.  The rice was hard, the chicken was fatty, and the sauce was greasy.  I tried my best to eat it but my appetite was ruined.  
I gave this place one star because Yelp requires you put something but if I could give it an emoticon with a raised eyebrow, flared nostril and an upset stomach face I would.This was my first visit to Cin Cin. Atmosphere was pleasant.  Not your typical Chinese restaurant. Food was fresh and served quickly. Each dish had great flavor. We had great service.   We will definitely be back.The food never fails me at Cin Cin. Traditional dishes with creative twists is their specialty.Got take out from here, couldn't have been happier. Great cuts of meat, great quality, delicious and HUGE quantities. Would definitely come back.One of the best restaurants in the country.  I'm not kidding either.  Everything is perfect and the food is out of this world.Take out never came and they were extremely rude about it.  We have been eating at Cin Cin for about 4 years.  We live in the area and are committed to supporting local business. Unfortunately, the quality of the food has gone from delicious to average. Nonetheless, we ordered take out and were told it would be 50 minutes.  Four phone calls later, I was still told it was on the way by a very rude women.  It never came and we will not be returning to CinCin.I like whole steamed fish and grilled fish here!  And the desserts are fine!  I eat at Cin Cin several times but excepting when I got udon and scallops, I eat  whole steamed fish or grilled fish every time!Cin Cin is fresh and upscale chinese and a c-hill classic. We always get great service whether take out or eat in. Everything from classic spicy general tso's chicken to one of the best crab cakes I've ever had .. this place is great.Creative Chinese food with some French cuisine influences.  Located in the Chestnut Hill neighborhood of Philly.  We didn't actually go to the restaurant, but ordered take-out and enjoyed it at our friend's house in Mount Airy.  I really liked the shrimp with honey walnuts and the brandy-infused Szechuan beef.I am so glad that I'm not the only person that thought the food was overrated. Everything I ordered was a bit salty. The mud pie for dessert was pretty good but it wasn't all that creative. 
The ambiance is pretty cool if you want to feel like you're in a more upscale setting than the usual chinese takeout restaurant. If I were you, I would save my cash and go get takeout elsewhere....The parking is a little limited, but aside from that CinCin is a upscale yet casual restaurant with good food and attentive service. The prices are reasonable and the food is on point.This could easily be a good place for either a nice Chinese meal or a date.CinCin has the best Chinese/French fusion that I have found.  We have dined many times.
Service is always exceptional!
Food is excellent!
Full bar for what ever you like.
Try the brandy infused beef, wonton soup is outstanding.
You wouldn't be disappointed, because it's just great!I wanted to like CinCin better. I'm still trying to figure out my Chinese take out place of choice, and haven't found one in this area that hits my needs. And to be fair, my needs/opinions are my own. I'm looking for a teller dumplings (there's were decent, but not the doughy type I was looking for) and excellent cold/sesame/peanut style noodles (it's a dish with different names, I often make it myself) which were unfortunately not at all what I was looking for. The noodles had barely any tahini, and very little flavor. I ended up mixing up my own sauce at home. The soup was decent. I'm sure there are other dishes there that are better and their menu deserves to be explored (thy have some delicious sounding dishes) but they weren't what I was looking for.Definitely the place to go for great Chinese food, eat in or take out it's always piping hot and delicious! An old favorite for sure. All of their dishes are delicious, just watch out for the spicy ones...when they say spicy they mean SPICY!
My personal faves are the fried rice, chicken and broccoli with brown sauce (not always on the menu but always available), crabmeat sumai, and the spring rolls, but really you can't go wrong. You can even ask for general tsao chicken with all white meat! Tell me another place that does that because I can't think of one. Going to keep this as one of my regulars for a loooooong time :) YUMWe love CIN CIN!! The  chicken in the cashew chicken tasted so fresh and moist! I had the wild pepper shrimp, I think that's what it was called, and it was delicious and fresh and they didn't skimp on the shrimp.
The scallion pancakes were crispy on the outside and chewy in the inside YUM! We even had dessert we were so happy with the food. The only thing I didn't like was that the waiter brought us the check before we finished dessert but it's not a big deal. 
We went back a week later and had peking duck take out and it was tasty as well! Very excited about the place. I haven't had chinese food this good near my place of residence in a loooong time!I have three words for you - Szechuan Sesame Chicken!
I am addicted to their Szechuan Sesame Chicken - the sauce is sooooo good - just the right combination of creamy, slightly spicy sesame-ness. I would be happy with just the sauce and some rice. The fact that it's "heart healthy" according to their menu is just some kind of miraculous bonus.  White meat chicken and veggies never tasted so good.  
We usually get takeout but did go for lunch recently and I had (you guessed it) my Szechuan Sesame Chicken and hubby had the special, soft shell crab, which he said was ok. The hot tea was perfect and the hot and sour soup yummy.  
The service is excellent and the room pleasant if a bit of a dated look (folded pink fan napkins?  so very 3 decades ago!)  but really all I care about is my SS Chicken!I went here for dinner with my friend and I really enjoyed my meal. The food was good. We had the spring rolls for an appetizer. Which were crispy and delicious, though the small portion of one spring roll each left    me wanting more. I had the Brandy-Infused Szechuan Beef which was very delicious. I couldn't finish half the plate because the portion was so large, but I was very happy to have leftovers. They even gave me some fresh rice to take home with it. I also had a johnnie walker red with coke for $8 which is great. It was well made and strong- just the way I like it. And for that price and the size of the glass, I won't complain. All in all we decided to give the meal 4 stars. The food was cheap and delicious and the waiter was very friendly. I fully enjoyed myself and intend to come here again eventually.
Also, definitely the highlight of the night was the chocolate covered fortune cookies. They were delicious and I don't think I can go back to regular ones.Best in the area.  Try the Brandy-Infused Crispy Beef and your mouth will be happy you did, it's amazing!  $8 Great Goose Dirty Martini's???  Don't mind if I do (and they're AWESOME)!!!Everything is excellent here. The restaurant is very clean and the servers are very professional. You can pick anything on the menu and it will be great. The only problem is they have a very small parking lot. We like to go early in between lunch and dinner.I'm not sure why so many mediocre reviews. The service is always good. The restaurant is very pretty. The food is solid if not very authentic. It's where the Chestnut Hill crowd goes to pretend to eat real Chinese food. I don't blame them because I eat here all the time. Parking at night is nuts. They do a huge Togo business. Chances are you'll run in to a famous Philadelphian . Some one  is always here sports wise or politics. Absolutely some of the best shrimp dishes in the city. Of course thats if you count Chestnut Hill as part of Philly.Cin Cin is well fancy fancy.  That said, when my then dining companion and I finally tried the place, I wasn't too impressed.  Service took a pretty long time as the place was packed.  I am was a little overwhelmed by the fanciness of the menu as well. 
When the food came, it was OK, but I am not sure if it was worth the price or if I was too happy with the overall experience to go back again.So today I took my husband ( I came all the way from SW Philadelphia ) for dinner there for his birthday and the food was okay. The decor is very warm and inviting but I can not say the same for my server. I honestly can not tell you her name because she didn't introduce herself to us. I ordered the general tso chicken and my husband got the lamb. I did mention to the server that it was my husband's birthday in which she brought out a slice of chocolate rice cake for him at the end of our dinner. So once she gave us the check I proceeded to take my card out to pay. I notice I had $4 cash on me so I decided I'll give it to her in her hand but still adding more onto the charge. But why did the server decided to give me back my cash tip by placing it on my shoulder and said that my food was $80 (like I DONT KNOW). Little did she know that my intentions was to add more on the check. I could not believe that just happened...I've NEVER experience anything like this before in my entire life. I was embarrass....
I took my $4 back and now I'm regretting leaving $8 on my card for her. On my way out I did ask to speak with a manager and the kind lady at the bar ( I believe her name was Lin ) listen to my complaint and apologize on behave of the server. She did listen and informed me that the GM Harry is currently on vacation but she will definitely pass on my concern. She also gave me a $25 GC which was very thoughtful of her. I gave it a 2 star solely base on customer service.I order take out from Cin Cin regularly and have never been disappointed. The food is high end Chinese with a twist, providing a very enjoyable eating experience. The deliverymen are always professional, although I have had to call on occasion to confirm my order is en route. Highly recommended if you are willing to pay a few extra dollars for quality Asian cuisine.VERY good food.  I never ever get that "heavy, yucky" feeling you usually get when eating Chinese food.  Everything is very light and always delicious.  I've had the Schezwaun (I know I spelled that wrong.)  Chicken, and it is wonderful because it isn't breaded, but TASTES like it is.  YUM.  Good food with no guilt.  Love their Thai Chicken Skewers, and the brown rice is really good.  You will not be disappointed with Cin Cin.One of my favorite restaurants in all of Philadelphia. I live close by and it's even accessible to bus routes . They are clean and efficient , but above all else the food always impresses. I do agree that some of the wait staff could be a little friendlier but I don't find them negligent in their services or overtly rude, just a little quieter then most places I've been but it could be a cultural thing . All I know.is that the food and atmosphere are really good.such delicious food , I love it.So good, the best Chinese I've had in the area so far. Had the sesame chicken and spring rolls, both of which were amazing. Worth the extra $ compared to your average Chinese food joint. The pace was packed when I arrived, lucky for me I ordered takeout so the crowd wasn't an issue. I can't wait to try something else again soon.Cin Cin is an upscale Chinese restaurant with a "French flair." What? I'm sorry but upscale Chinese food restaurant? Is that an oxymoron? Yes, the food was good. And by good, I mean slightly less unhealthy tasting than the food served at your local Chinese food store but just as delicious. From the outside, the place does look pretty nice. On the inside, it is nothing special. Yes, it does have a bar, and it looks pretty cool. But the dining room is decorated with pink and green coloring. It looks like a poor attempt at "upscale" to me. Yes, I recommend this place for good food but I do question the "upscale" and the "French flair" part.Tasted to me like mall chinese food. A bit too much sauce for my tastes. The service was fast and friendly, though, and the place was very clean and with cute decor.Still one of my favorite Asian restaurants. While I occasionally order from the regular menu, the main reason I go is for the chef's surprise. It's always delicious and a great meal to have with 2 or more people.
I would give 5 stars but I have to agree with many of the reviewers. When they are busy, the noise level is almost unbearable.
The only thing I would change about Cin Cin is to either add some acoustical deadening material or a huge sign that says "SHH"Cin Cin is a fun place.  The food is the same as the corner Chinese take-out.  The difference is Cin Cin has a spacious and comfortable dining room.  I will return and would recommend.The Food is very good and accurate, it's Asian with a french twist. The Crab and shrimp fried rice is awesome and everything else I have had I'm not even gonna try to give you suggestions...you just gotta go by there and try it out.Cin Cin is hands down my favorite Asian cuisine restaurant. Key words to describe them are fresh, moderate, inventive, and elegant. I have never been to a Chinese restaurant that adopts many french restaurant service techniques as well as dish preparations. The menu always has interesting specials, inclusive of many Chinese staples, all prepared with the freshest ingredients I have ever tasted. The service is fast and very friendly. All of their staff is very professional and appreciative of your patronage. I don't usually get appetizers or dessert when I eat out, normally just a decent main course, but when I eat at Cin Cin, I always find myself running the entire gamut of their culinary delights. I started my meal with the shrimp and chicken spring roll appetizer. I received 2 medium size spring rolls elegantly displayed on fine white china, both cooked just to a perfect crisp golden brown. I also received 2 small bowls of hot mustard and sweet duck sauce. The texture of the rolls were as light and fresh as they looked, packed full of fresh veggies and meat, an excellent beginning to my meal. My entree was one of the specials they were touting that afternoon:  A blend of fresh vegetables, sauteed shrimp, and lamb, served with brown rice and tossed in savory sauce that had a little spice to it, but not so much that it ruined the flavors of the dish. Their vegetables are very fresh, I cannot stress this point nearly enough.  I believe that a cornerstone of Chinese cuisine is the vegetables, so only using fresh, properly cooked vegetables is imperative. The vegetables were cooked perfectly, and still very crisp. I do not normally eat lamb because every time that I get it, it is always tough and dry. This lamb was tender and cooked just through, making if very juicy. For dessert I had the chef's special chocolate pyramid, quite decadent and an exciting presentation on the plate. Their "french flair" comes mainly from the plating and presentation techniques they use with the food as well as some of the elements of their dining room service. They are nowhere near 5 or even 4 star service standards, but they are still great!One of my favorite local restaurants and our Valentine's dinner tradition.  Nice atmosphere and great food.  My all time favorite are the crab cakes! The one star off is for the owner/greeter at door.  He does not greet you with a warm smile!At the Bed and Breakfast we stayed at, the host highly recommended CinCin. We asked ourselves if it was really a good idea to waste a dinner night on Chinese food in Philly. You see, we come from Queens with arguable the best Chinese food East of the Mississippi. But we went anyways because not listening to the host is just a foolish thing to do.
CinCin is a very popular restaurant. At 9pm, the place was filled with people who obviously have not had Chinese food in Flushing (ok ok, I'll stop.) They have a small parking lot, which in no way close can accomodate everyone. Street parking nearby was easy though.
The ambiance leans towards the higher end for a Chinese restaurant with dim candles and intricately folded napkins. It has small intimate tables as well as large party tables for the business dinners (and there were several functions going on when we were there.) 
I ordered off the specialty menu of the evening. 
- Dimsum appetizer with 3 shumai and 3 potstickers. Impressive shumai with very slippery texture. The skin was thin and the filling was moist and authentic. The potstickers were perfectly fried but the filling tasted like cheap meat. 
- Duck with spinach, apple jam, white rice. The duck was super good! They were smart enough to put only half the pieces inside the apple sauce because that apple ruined everything. Actually, it didn't even taste much like apples but more like just sweet sauce. Ew. Would have preferred Apple Jacks (they taste just like apples!)
- Seafood in flower basket. My fellow traveler wanted this because she is a girl and by design attracted to words like 'baskets.' The seafood was okay. The scallops were rubbery but the shrimp made up for it. Everything was covered in the signature American-Chinese cuisine sauce, which makde everything taste sweet and sour. The basket was made out of crispy fried noodles. She ate the entire thing. Ew.
CinCin is part fusion as they take influences from Western cuisines with stuff like wine sauce and apples (ew again). The Chinese side of the cuisin was a lot better than I expected. The service was ordinary but I could see the waiter really chatting it up with his regulars over at the business table. Although nothing extraordinary, CinCin fits the bill for some solid Chinese food in the NorthWest.I might go as far to say that Cin Cin is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  I no longer live in Philadelphia but it is always the first restaurant on my list to visit when I go home.  I love the garlic string beans- yuuuuum!  I also get veggies in a brown sauce.  They will basicallly make any dish you want as long as you specify what you'd like.  The best part of this restaurant is the waitstaff and Henry!  They are so nice and friendly, makes you feel at home.I did not really see any fusion/french flair happening here but smart on their part to market themselves that way to get people in the door and stand out from other chinese places. Nice interior but  most dishes are just your standard take out chinese food. I thought prices were very reasonable. Service was quick but take out seems the way to go.  Really boring veggie choices. I give it 3 stars because it is hard to find decent chinese food out in this area but the food was just  alright. Parking lot is a pain so park on street.This place definitely exceeded my expectations. I had the Brandy Infused Beef, it was delicious but very spicy!!! My friend had the Flower basket and she enjoyed it as well! I'll definitely be going back! The only reason I didn't give five stars is because they don't have much of a selection for appetizers.I'm from the Chestnut Hill area, but just recently I decided to try the place.
The Chinese food is great here! I simply can't complain about the food and the food is set just right based on quality.
Remember, this isn't the typical Chinese food you find around the corner. It is French based and may be new to you. 
However, I think the service can be better hence the -1 in stars.Haven't yet had the eat-in experience at Cin Cin;  though one day at work a few of my co-workers were craving some food from there, so I joined in and opted for the sweet and sour chicken.  Aside from the fact that the food took over and hour to arrive, we were at least made aware of this (we were all so hungry), and when the food finally arrived, it was worth it.  My portion of chicken was the perfect size and it was accompanied by a side of the best veggie fried rice I've ever eaten.  That being said, I'm curious to find out what it would be like to sit in and eat there.I'm going to start by saying that one of the things I liked best about Cin Cin was that the staff moved with a purpose. That being said, you won't get your server taking the time to joke with you or make small talk. This can be good, though, because you are totally free to enjoy your experience with those that you are dining with. It seems like the servers and managers here really have a handle on what's going on, so I'm ok with giving up the chit chat.
The back room of Cin Cin is a bit crowded and felt a bit like a kid wandering through a corn maze trying to weave in and out of the tables. That was probably my least favorite thing about this place. We dined here on a Saturday night and it was super busy, too, so I'd suggest reservations.
There are no beers on tap, only bottles. They have Asian beers like Sapporo on the list.
We split the spring rolls for an appetizer. They were good but nothing above and beyond what I've had before. Two come in an order, so I don't suggest getting them to split unless you want a very small appetizer.
For the entree, I ordered the Chicken Tarragon with Shiitake Mushrooms. It said spicy but it just had a hint of spice (which actually was disappointing to me because I ordered it specifically because it said spicy). The more I think about it...I feel like I didn't actually get Chicken Tarragon. I wanted to try something new and once I got home and googled pictures of chicken tarragon and compared it to what my meal looked like...let's just say they looked nothing alike. But maybe the sauce they use (which is a chili tarragon) makes it look different. Either way, it sort of tasted like General Tso's. It didn't taste much different than regular Chinese food - I'll say the taste is the same but the quality is obviously worlds beyond a corner Chinese food joint. Cin Cin does normal Chinese food the right (and safe/healthy/worth the money) way. The people I was dining with got other things that weren't standards (salmon, crab fried rice, etc.) that looked a little more "fancy" if you are looking for something that you can't get somewhere else.
Desert here was probably my favorite part of the meal. We got green tea ice cream that had a fortune cookie partially dipped in chocolate to top it off. If you come here, definitely leave room for this delicious ice cream.
All in all, my experience at Cin Cin wasn't necessarily memorable, but it was pleasant enough that it would remain on my list of places to go when I need to mix it up and venture out to a neighborhood I don't often go to.I was pleasantly surprised with this restaurant.  It is a very nice, but slightly casual place.  You would be suited business casual clothing.  The food was excellent - featuring Chinese food with a variety of flavors.  The only complaint is that I ordered the Gun Powder Chicken dish and it was not very spicy at all.This place has been around for a long time and only improves. So many delicious menu items with pleasant staff and quick service. Hope it continues to give the community that great service and delicious food.This is fabulous, fabulous Chinese (pan-Asian, really) food. The best you've probably ever had.
Here's a sampling of what the rave is all about:
An appetizer at Cin Cin means $8.75 and gives you Wild Mushrooms & Goat Cheese Strudel. A winning entree means $11.50 and gives you Brandy-Infused Szechuan Beef (julienned strips of beef in an awesome infused Hoisin sauce). 
See? It's not really Chinese. See for yourself . . .Fantastic restaurant with great food and staff. Love all the food and the owner, he is such a nice guy. One of my favorite chinese restaurants around Philadelphia! Great menu, not too pricey! Would recommend to anyone!There were bugs in my wonton soup. I used to frequent cin cin for their convenience, looking past the slightly over priced and decent tasting food (not to mention the cold attitude of the woman at the counter). After this, however, I get sick at the thought of wondering what was in my food when I didn't realize in the past. Usually I would give them three stars but today they get one.  Truly disgusting to realize that after eating half of it. Sick gross.Over priced. Over stuffy. Not worth it. It's the typical Chestnut Hill restaurant with the typical attitude. Serve mediocre food at high prices, but get away with it bc it's Chestnut Hill. Plain and simple.How to make a reasonable approximation of Cin Cin:
1. Use entrees from any Chinese takeout, and divide them into thirds
2. Sell 1/3 entrees for $9
3. Offer still hungry customers alcohol, appetizers, and dessert
4. Profit
Maybe the food is a little bit better than takeout. My shrimp pad thai had big delicious shrimp, but there were only four. I had to pay individually for each 6 oz serving of diet coke. In my opinion, too expensive for lunch, not nice enough for dinner.We went here for our Valentine's Day dinner. The night started with a bit of a headache because they didn't have our reservation (nor did they have the reservation for the two couples who arrived right after us!) so we thought we would have to wait for quite a bit (it was very crowded!). But we only had to wait about 10-15 minutes. Still annoying since we shouldn't have had to wait at all. But we got over it. 
The place is "fancy" in the way that a 90s Chinese food neighborhood restaurant is fancy. A little outdated looking but charming.
We ordered:
-Calamari
-Brandy-Infused Szechuan Beef 
-A shrimp dish (I forget exactly which one)
-Chocolate tart
-Banana dessert
The calamari were okay. A little too salty (and if I'm saying that it must be pretty bad). I've had much better. The sauce they came with was delicious though. Some sort of aioli ... 
The beef was fantastic, very flavorful. The shrimp were just okay ... again, I've had better. 
Dessert was pretty disappointing. I would not get dessert there again but would definitely go back for dinner. There were several more dishes/appetizers I wanted to try. We were thrilled when we found out they do take-out and deliver! We will definitely be trying new things from Cin Cin.Definitely better than the typical Chinese restaurant, especially if you are looking for a good date spot. Been here four times over the past couple years and every time I swear I will not get the "Chef's Surprise" and every time we end up with the "Chef's Surprise". This is a good deal, about $30 for soup, salad, one main course per person who ordered the surprise, and then dessert. My beef is that every time the soup and salad has been the same, and the last two times the dessert was the same. So...not much of a "surprise". Don't get me wrong, the main dishes are really good, the soup at the beginning of the surprise is not good. Also, the soup is served at a temperature similar to molten lava. Seriously. 
Even with three stars I would recommend Cin CIn and we will probably be going back at some point.Great Great food i love eating there, Best Chinese Resturtant around, we go there for lunch and dinnerCinCin was my favorite restaurant, been going here since 1999. Today I went there for lunch. Very disappointed. Had entree special seafood noodles. It was terrible. The noodles were dry and burnt on the ends, shrimp and calamari was overcooked and rubbery, and the sauce was nonexistent. For dessert I had berries in season which were always my favorite but the pastry cup was dry and overcooked. Very disappointed.TERRIBLE!!! would not recommend this place to anyone. soda was $2.50 and very small and no refills. our server was quite rude and made us seem like we were an inconvenience. the only reason why this restaurant didn't get one star was because the food was good but the experience made it worse. will not be returning.This place serves great food, & has a nice atmosphere. I've been going here for years with my family and highly recommend it.  Not sure why it has only 3 1/2 stars. Trust me - good food!This was our first visit to Cin-Cin. Vince was great server. We ordered two entree portions from the Chinese New Year menu & went off menu for appetizers & dessert. Amazing. It was worth the 10 mile drive & we will be regulars from now on!Fried Dumplings (aka Pot Stickers) were delicious!
Spring Rolls which were good!
Wild Mushroom and Goat Cheese Strudel was good!
Not so Great - Brandy Infused Szechuan Beef - Tasty sauce, but the meat seemed not high quality, very fatty cheap cuts covered up with fried coating.
My wife had the Mongolian Lamb with Eggplant - She didn't think it was great, just ok.
Service was very, very fast.  We were there on a Thursday so we had no trouble getting a table last minute.Beautiful food, great prices, and they even deliver! We had lunch there, and we loved it!This is the only Chinese restaurant I go to in my neck of the woods. One thing that sets them apart are the weekly specials. At these other Chinese restaurants outside of Chinatown, you pretty much just get the same menu items, it's just a matter of execution. At Cin Cin, they have item unique to their restaurant, and they are always good. The service there is very efficient, friendly and fast. 
I have been fortunate enough that they have even made special requests for me when I stopped in. Like whole Pompano when it didn't even appear on the menu.
A few weeks ago, I stopped in for take-out. Sitting at the bar eating was a legendary Philadelphia chef. It was clearly not his first time eating there. I think that's the best kind of advertisement a place could get.Dined at Cin Cin with a party of 8 and enjoyed a variety of selections. The food was delicious, reasonably priced, and quickly served. Our only problem was that upon arrival, the greeter didn't seem able to understand that we had a reservation. He did quickly find us a table, however, so all was well.We recently celebrated a birthday at CinCin with an event in their back room. It was an excellent experience. The food was delicious and the service was great-- very welcoming, attentive, they went above + beyond. The luncheon package they offered for an event was an incredibly good deal. This was an affordable way to do something quite special + charming. Thank you!!Great date place for girlfriends or a guy friend!!  Shrimp and chicken wrap in seaweed great 
Also the seafood sunflower bowl delicious 
Check this spot out no complaints!!!Hot and sour soup perfect.  Special ("Ciao Ling") duck tender, delicately spiced, generous serving, no bones, the best duck I have ever had.  Friend had honey-walnut shrimp, which is what I usually order at Cin Cin---delicious as always. Service friendly, courteous, promptGreat Chinese spot! Definitely my favorite Chinese food of all time! Beautiful restaurant with an enormous menu and great prices.  Heartiest won-ton soup I've ever had.  Tons of awesome appetizers for cheap, like the Chinese pizza!  For dinner my favorites are the Shrimp pad thai and the kim chi chicken.  Not matter what you order, you'll enjoy it.  Taste is so much fresher and lighter than those Chinese take-out spots in the shopping malls.  If you've never been to a sit down Chinese restaurant, definitely give Cin Cin a try!Great food.  Great service.  We waited 40 minutes for our reservation for 8 people. Lots of people crushed into the lobby even when we left.Very good food. The portion sizes could be a little bigger, but overall, the food is of good quality and is appetizing. It's a little bit of a hike from the main section of Germantown Ave. The service is a little slow. I came when they were packed for the Harry Potter festival, but they were understaffed because they didn't know about it. However, I also came when there were only 3 other tables, and the food was a little slow. Overall, a good experience. Had the same server both times, and he was extremely friendly and helpful.Cin Cin feeds me many times a month. The food is good. Sometimes I get take out and sometimes I dine in. However, I can not figure out the "French Flair" they boast on their menu. Maybe it's the chocolate dipped fortune cookies at the end of every meal. It would also be nice if they had a few more non alcoholic drinks to offer. Good spot tho. I recommend!The food was great and they accommodate vegans like myself. However, I must say they are not African American friendly. They smile, dance and go out of their way to accommodate their Caucasian customers. Do not expect as little as a "Thank You" or "Come Again" if your Black. I have been there twice now and this review comes from an Upper Middle Class Professional Black Woman. The best way to describe how I felt: The way we felt when we went into our corner stores growing up. Despite the less than friendly service I tipped extremely well both times because Lord knows I didn't want them to have that impression as well. I don't know if I will eat there again. I love eating out and it's hard to find Vegan Friendly restaurants. However, I pay for Customer Service as well.I tried this place for the 1st time a few weeks back. Twice actually. I decided to forgo the usual corner chinese food and see what this place was about. I don't know why I was expecting it to be uber expensive.
I ordered take out because that was my intention with my meal for the night. 
It was really crowded in there on saturday evenings which made me happier that I opted for take out.
I got the spring rolls..delicious. They have pretty darn good egg rolls also. Prob the best I've yet to taste. I also ordered hot and sour soup.
I then had the crab fried and shrimp fried rice and the triple delight.
The triple delight was okay. Felt like something I could get in any other place. But the fried rice was a winner.
I went back a few days later for another take out, but this time I got the yummy crabmeat shumai and the Gunpowder shrimp. The only part I didn't enjoy about the Gunpowder was that there was something in the sauce that I had to keep spitting out. It tasted like shrimp skin but then I saw it was the pepper flakes/skins? Either way, it was an interruption to my  meal. Shrimps were large and meaty. Love that.
I def enjoyed my meals here so far. It's close my job and also to home so it's win win.I've heard that this is a "Chinese/French" fusion place.  I must preface this review by saying that I have a strong bias against "Asian Fusion" restaurants and they normally never live up to my expectations--but I absolutely love this place.  This place looked from the outside and inside like it could have tended to be quite a lot pricier than it actually was, but indeed it was quite reasonable: entrees range about $11-15, which is cheap given the quality of the food.
I can't disagree more with the other reviewers that say that this is your "standard take out chinese food".  Pardon me but WTF?
The food here was certainly unique, totally unlike anything I have had elsewhere.  The flavors were subtle and exquisite, and I can't come up with any criticism of the food...everything was cooked just right, had subtle and complex aromas, and just the right amount of sweet, sour, spicy.
This is quite possibly the only "Asian Fusion" restaurant that I have ever been to that is not overrated.  This place is awesome!  I definitely want to come back!Love this place! Really Chinese food, tastes great and the quality was always superb. We come here twice a month on average and the experience was always good. Our favorite Chinese restaurant around the neighborhood.Really the only choice anywhere nearby for a nice sit-down Chinese meal.  The menu has a nice variety, much more creative and delicious than your run-of-the-mill take-out at not much higher prices.  I had the Buddha's Delight and an array of appetizers which were all delicious.  Glad they are in the area.After hearing/reading good reviews about this place, I had high hopes for this place. 
Yes, the website is true when it says it was voted "Best of Philly" - but in 1999...
1. We should not have to wait 45 minutes for a reservation. They use old school paper/pencil booking so I'm not sure what their system is because I doubt they go by reservations. Seems like there are a lot of regulars and repeat customers.
2. Like a previous reviewer said... it was REALLY loud. I could barely hear my bf speak. 
3. The wait time for food was pretty good actually. I had the Four Flavor Beef which was good since I was really hungry from waiting 45 minutes. However, I think you could find something similar in taste/quality in Chinatown/elsewhere for cheaper. 
Won't be returning.We dined at CinCin last week thanks to a neighbor's recommendation. My husband and I took a dear friend and everything was lovely--especially the staff and service.
The staff is very welcoming and the environment is delightful. There are crisp linen table cloths and a very attentive, detail-oriented servers.
In particular I'd recommend the Peking Duck (wrapped table-side) and the Fried Banana. The Hot and Sour Soup was also very good and so was the Chinese Eggplant dish my husband ordered. 
I'm looking forward to returning for more delicious food and the wonderful atmosphere and service!This place used to be reliable and good. The last time we ate the fried food reeked of rancid old grease. We returned the food and manager shrugged and blamed the problem on a "new chef". The following week news broke that another Main Line restaurant owned by the same owners as CinCin was shut down for severe roach infestation. The police said the problem stemmed from the restaurant staff pouring used grease into the sewer system. We haven't spotted bugs in our food at CinCin but I would proceed with caution.The Mongolian Lamb was described as spicy.  It was, however, devoid of spiciness and that is a flaw I cannot excuse. 
 Mediocre Chinese take-out food+ prime location, nice decor and a liquor license does not a good restaurant make.I just ordered from Cin Cin and the food was absolutely disgusting.  Extremely dry and was not what I expected it to taste like.  I will never EVER order from them again. So disappointed in them.  Next time I will be ordering from Yu Hsiang Gardens.  I should have ordered from them in the first place.  Lesson learned.Awful service. The food is great, but I had a horrible experience with customer service. I have been to this restaurant multiple times and enjoyed the food, but when I ordered take out it took more than 2 hours for our food to show up. When we called to check on the order after an hour, they told us the food was on its way. However, it still did not arrive an hour later. When we asked to speak with a manager, the manager was rude and non-apologetic about their mistake. It took them more than 15 minutes on the phone to finally apologize for the mistake. It's a shame when a restaurant with such great food has such poor service.The wife and I went on a Saturday. First impression, the decor was nice but a bit out dated.  We were seated next to a big party and there was plenty of other tables available. Our waiter was a bit rude. We were contemplating asking to move. After he took our order we had asked him if it were possible to move. He rudely said "you should've asked before your order"'and then he walked away. After a minutes my wife went to the hostess and asked her to move us. We were moved and our new waiter was very nice and attentive. I was under the impression that our first waiter went to ask the hostess about moving but in actuality he didn't and left us unattended. The only saving grace was that the food was amazing. I had the General Tso chicken and it was pretty much the tastiest that I ever had. My wife had the gun powder shrimp and she enjoyed her dish. A nice surprise is to our dinner was receiving chocolate dipped fortune cookies. They were delicious, so to the point when we asked our waiter for more he freely gave them to us. Food excellent, service ok.