UPDATE 11/19/13: I know prices can go up and all but $2 to $3 per dish is a bit much!!! 
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE Thai Food and this restaurant absolutely delivers in all aspects for me. The quality, taste, freshness, and unique style of preparation hits my appetite. I'm a loyal customer despite the slightly and I mean slightly over priced items. I love the duck salad, pad thai, crispy spring rolls and so many other items. Unfortunately, I'm not such a fan of the curry and I'm not sure why. Don't get me wrong the curry dishes are delicious but I just wasn't feeling it that day. 
I usually get delivery and I enjoy the online delivery options in order to avoid waiting time on the phone and possibly making mistakes over the phone. You can to specify exactly what you want and how you want it online so I highly suggest that you try that. Of course, going to the restaurant is just as good.I decided to try circles because it had such good reviews and I was craving pad Thai. I ordered the Crab Padthai and it was soooooo yummy. At $18, it was a little expensive for take out, so I was really hoping it wouldn't disappoint and it certainly did not. The crab was fresh and not fishy tasting at all! They put a very good amount of crab too, large chunks everywhere. The pad Thai sauce was amazing and it was a good portion overall. 
I ordered for pick up and they were so quick! They told me 10 minutes so I left my house right after ordering. When I got there, my order was all ready to go! It was quick and easy and the staff there were very polite, both on the phone and in person. Although the crab pad Thai was all I tried this time, I will certainly be ordering from here more and trying out more things on the menu!!Got delivery through grubhub which took about 50 minutes, not bad since it was snowing. The food unfortunately was not worth the wait.
Drunken noodles - very greasy, vegetables not cooked well, just all around boring and not worth near the price
Pad Thai - better than the noodles but still dissapointing. A small portion for the price and not much flavor. Also pretty greasy but at least the shrimp were a decent size.
Green Curry - the highlight of the meal, would get again. Enjoyed the chicken and most of the vegetables. Very flavorful, thank god for it to salvage the meal.
Overall, spent $40 all said and done for 2 people and will not be ordering again.I can't believe I haven't written a review of Circles. I typically do take out, but have never had a bad experience with it. The food is ALWAYS amazing - especially the pumpkin curry. Pad thai is great, along with basically all the other noodles I've had.
Whenever we are unsure of what to do for dinner - it ends up being a Circles order.So we've decided to sleep over at philadelphia, feels for some thai food and ordered delivery from this restaurant. 
It takes 1.15 minutes for the food to arrived. The food was ok, but the price way OVERPRICED.
 C'mon folks, we are talking about Philadelphia, especially South Philly.
How big is your expenses could be? Why charged so much money for Beef Fried Rice? $14 for a fried rice?? It's not even enough to share for 2.
Well, If you think this restaurant served authentic thai food, You are wrong. It's not worth the trip. Enough said....Excellent vegetable red curry with brown rice. Excellent -   I've eaten at many Thai  Resturants...., u deserve the Best 
I order atleast 2-4xs weekly yum yum. That DeLish!!this place is worth the walk/bus ride/bsl sojourn if you're not in/near south philly! i ordered take-out on my way home - house salad and eggplant stinger (with tofu and a side of white rice), to be exact. total price was 17 usd and some change (not including tip.) since i'm now used to philadelphia's restaurant price point (compared to that of my beloved new orleans which was generally inexpensive and delicious), i expected a small portion of each item for the total that i was quoted over the phone. this assumption was wrong. both dishes could have easily fed two people.  
as for the food, the salad was a little better than standard - with the usual lettuce (iceberg), tomato, cucumber, carrots but there were some red onions and broccoli florets for ~*pizazz*~. the best thing that came with the salad was the peanut dressing; it's kind of sweet but with the roasted heaviness of the peanuts. i would come back to this place just for the dressing.
the eggplant stinger was a healthy portion of eggplant, bamboo, and bell peppers with really tasty pan fried tofu. (you can choose from a variety of meats with each option being a different price.)  if i remember correctly, the menu said there would be a sweet and spicy sauce, but there was more of the latter than the former. i actually liked that the eggplant dish wasn't very sweet since the salad dressing was sweet enough for both items; however, if you're expecting something sweeter, bypass the eggplant stinger. of note, if you're a "thai hot" kind of person, you'll need to request more heat if you get the eggplant stinger because the spicing is at a very reasonable level for the vast majority of diners.
this place is busy as evidenced by the cooks feverishly working in the back and the girl at the register fielding take-out calls. my wait time to get my food was a reasonable 30 minutes since i was walking home and needed the extra time to get to the restaurant. there is a delivery service option, but i don't know the exact areas to which circles will deliver.  either way, go there now to get some delicious affordable thaiSimply delicious and perfectly prepared.
The spicy is truly spicy and a bit unbearable for my taste. On a separate occasion I got the medium and the spicy was just right.  can't go wrong with pad Thai or the beef pad see ew.So, the food is generally very good. The pad thai will most certainly hit the spot. I've ordered from here around 5 times or so, and haven't been disappointed with how the food TASTES. However, the portion sizes are a rip-off. The pad thai is a decent size, but order any of the curries and you can almost count the pieces of chicken on one hand. They're not very big pieces either... and for $10-$15 for the curries, it's totally a rip off.Good Thai food is difficult to come by apparently....some may have good Pad Thai, but lacking in Curry...however, Circle's seems to have a good grasp on all things Thai Food related.
We ordered on a Friday night, and ordered an absolute feast. The food arrived quickly and hot. There were several highlights to the meal, including the crab rangoon- i am a huge fan of the plum dipping sauce!
The only reason Circle's is not 5 stars is the heat level tends to vary- we ordered everything mild or medium, yet most of it was incredibly spicy.There are inconsistencies with their curries.  Sometimes it is too spicy, sometimes it is too watered down, etc.  The panang curry was too watery the second time.  The jungle curry was not very good...  no curry, no coconut... just some watery soup. However, the chicken satay and crab rangoons were good.  Cheesesteak roll was amazing, but would have been better with sriracha.Ordered here three times and felt it was time to review.
Little mad at myself that I did not see the certificate but alas I will have to order again to use it.
Pad Thai is absolutely delicious- much better than what you would expect from delivery. Speaking of delivery it was fast and food was piping hot.
Decided to venture out and get the crab rangoons as well last night. Nice and crispy however they were described as having lumps of crabmeat- not so much a pretty thick crab tasting paste was inside (yellow which was interesting). "Sweet Plum Sauce" on the side which was incredibly watery. 
Overall I give it 4 stars for being what it is- reliable basic Asian delivery. The Plum sauce was disappointing but I have actually yet to find a delivery service that provides a thick plum sauce for rangoons.
Next order- pumpkin curry!!I've always been more than satisfied with the food here. My friend and I always order the pineapple curry chicken and the cashew chicken stir fry. The stir fry, what I get, is pretty spicy, fresh, and delicious. 
The reason I give it 3 starts is because delivery has been horrible in the past. We ordered one Friday around 6. We waited patiently, and there was still no sign of our food at 9, 3 hours later! We called multiple times, had trouble getting through, and finally was able to speak with a manager. I don't care how good the food is, but waiting 3 hours to eat it is unacceptable. I haven't really ordered since. It really is a shame, because their food is good..I was never in love with Thai food, never even liked it really, until I discovered this gem in the rough. Circles has the BEST Thai food in Philly and what I love most about it is that when they say spicy, they really mean spicy! 
If it's your first time, I would recommend Tofu Corn Fritters, Cheesesteak Egg Rolls, Crab Rangoon, Crispy Duck fried extra crispy, and any of the curries because every one of them is absolutely de-lish. 
P.s. Don't forget to bring a bottle of wine :)Really great food within walking distance of my house. 
Came here on a Sunday when I was not interested in eating brunch type food. I really enjoyed the pad thai with tofu I had. The waitress was really knowledgeable about vegetarianism and  food allergies. I also had the tofu crab fritters which were awesome. Do not order your food hot unless you really enjoy spicy food, I definitely enjoy spice but the regular hot almost was too much. Next time I will bring a nice crisp beer to cut the spice.
The setup was strange because our waitress had to run across the street every time an order was up, she informed us there is usually a runner.
I plan on going again with the yelp deal.Went with two other people.. The place is a little tight on the inside, but we didn't mind. The waiter was super friendly and the food was AMAZING. Try to tofu corn fritters and the pad thai, and have the waiter recommend a dessert.Great food. If I live nearby, my kitchen would be used only for breakfast and Circles would supply 2/3 of daily caloric intake. Every thing on the menu is delicious, but don't be afraid to ask them to crank up the heat a bit.As far as Thai food in the city goes, I haven't had much. A coworker of mine always orders from here and is very giving when it comes to sharing lunch. Since generally Thai food isn't vegetarian (even that tofu pad thai kids!), I try not to fend off my cravings. The Pad Kaprow today was wonderful, the tofu is seasoned and sauces well, that sticky rice custard reminds me of breakfast growing up and the vegetables are not overcooked and still have a crisp bite to them. Spicy to them is flavor and won't make you cough as you inhale your food. 
I'm sure I'll have this again, I might even go so far to say I may call for food myself. Price wise - lunches are $8.95 for a generous meal of your choice, eggroll, soup, rice and the dessert of the day. It's enought for two meals or a meal for two!Amazing, delicious, fresh Thai food! A def keeper!My tom yum, somtum, and shrimp summer rolls were fine.  The problem was that I had never been here before and I walked to pick my lunch up.  I was completely skeeved out by the inside of the place.  I was expecting something much different because of the reviews, and instead, I found something that looked like a dirty take out place.  Because of the appearance of the inside, I had a hard time eating my food.Ordered take-out from Circles last night for the first time.  Got the papaya salad, which had nice flavor, but was nothing special.  The pumpkin curry was too sweet and the pad see ew was just average.  Still on the hunt for a better Thai place in PhillyI've found Circles to be some of the best takeout in Newbold.  It's relatively cheap, fast, and delicious.  We order from there roughly twice a month, and have yet to be disappointed.This place is still great. I just wish they were more consist with the spice level.   Sometimes it comes way too spicy or not spicy at all.. Overall the food is still great and the delivery is pretty fast!I was really disappointed with Circles. 
I LOVE Thai food, so I ordered Circles from GrubHub, even though I have an awesome regular Thai restaurant. I wanted to give Circles a shot.
The Mild Soup was very good.
For one of the entrees, I got the "Eggplant Stirfry". It says "with bamboo, peppers, and sweet/spicy sauce", but it was 95% bamboo and smelled like horse. I thought they packed the wrong thing at first. So, this dish was a wash. It did not taste good.
Then, I opened the "Red Curry" and saw that it, too, was 95% bamboo. Now, I always start with Red or Green Curry from a new place, so I know what to expect and this was not it. When I removed the bamboo, the curry in and of itself was amazing.
When I called to ask for a refund, I was told that, because the GrubHub description says that the dish contains bamboo, the restaurant wasn't going to take any responsibility for the poor quality of their food. When 95% of your dish is bamboo, it doesn't mean that it "contains bamboo"; it means that it *is* bamboo. 
I asked to be refunded for one of the two entrees. I paid $32 for my whole order and tipped the delivery guy well. I did not think that a $12 refund for a mostly-bad meal was a ridiculous notion. I am so upset that Circles completely brushed me off and clearly doesn't care about its customers.
**********************
**EDIT 2/11/15** The owner, who wasn't present that night at the South Philly location, has since followed up with me and given me the partial refund that I requested. I have changed my initial rating (1 star) to reflect what I thought of the food itself. I've left the rest of the review in-tact. 
Make sure to order lots of vegetables if you want something other than bamboo. Since the owner did follow up with me, I will try Circles again with a new ordering strategy in mind.
**********************Hello, Yelp!  It's been a while.  And, sadly, a belated goodbye to Philadelphia, as I'm now yelping (and engaging in other, more productive activities) elsewhere in the world.
Looking back, it's surprising just how infrequently I made my way to South Philly, which really seems to be up-and-coming.  I have maybe one or two reviews for QV, and that's probably about it.
Anyway, the point here is that Circles is something the Center City crowd shouldn't be bailing out on.  We wandered into Circles on what was, literally, our second-to-last day via a Living Social deal.  The mostly Thai food was excellent; it's a value even without a coupon; and there's lots of veggie-fiendly choices.  I think they deliver as well, but it really isn't *that* far from the BSS.
So just take the extra 20 minutes or so and drag yourself to Tasker for a curry or the awesome Kee Mao.  I will certainly be missing Philly's wide variety of Asian options on Christmas Day this year, and if I was there, I'd go to Circles.So very good. Delivery OR eating there. 
I am a vegetarian and have always ordered different things and have never been less than super happy with the food and service. 
It is kind of pricey, but you get what you pay for... I guess we can't think of Circles as your typical take out joint.Great food but terrible service. Slow waiters and kind of rude. Do yourself a favor and get takeaway, much quicker and easier.Awesome food! Pad Thai is the best! Appetizers we tried vegetable dumplings and spring rolls ..Just YUM YUM YUM! We took a takeaway but the girl at the counter was extremely courteous. I highly recommend trying this place! If you've more appetite  try their curries!NONONONONONO just no. 
This is the type of food that you would eat when desperate and hungry on a Sunday night and far too lazy to walk out. 
Duck Pad Thai was served with rubbery duck and noodles that stuck in one big clump. So when you use your chopsticks to reach for some, the whole container of noodles comes up in a wonderful rubbery clump. Yay team!
Summer spring rolls is pretty decent. But how bad can you mess up raw food? The sauce is terrible though. I don't know what it was but I threw it away when I saw the black gooey mass curdling around in it's horrific glory in that plastic container. Evil 
Pad Kee Mow stir fry is..... well. It was served with little secret pools of black pepper here and there. I guess the chef didn't bother to mix it or something. 
I don't know. Either way, it really isn't delicious. Yelp got it wrong this time.I've been ordering from Circles since I moved to South Philly in January, and the frequency has increased -- is it me, or do they keep stepping up their game? From my first so-so spring rolls to a great meal in their dining room the other day, I have become a convert.
One big improvement in recent months is the addition of a nice little dining room. We ate in for the first time last week, and oh boy, it was even better than I've remembered it. The papaya salad is so, so good -- crisp, acidic and a bit spicy. I've also had great curries with tofu -- the one with pineapple is particularly delicious -- and they are happy to modulate the spice for you. As in, they will actually make it spice if you legitimately want it to be. Thank goodness. 
After an unfortunate incident with bland Pad See Ew in January, I was afraid to try it again, but recently I took the plunge, and it was perfect -- sweet, spicy, sour, savory, with toothsome noodles that stopped short of being chewy. YUM.
I feel disloyal to Vien Tiane, but this is now my go-to spot for Southeast Asian food in Philly. It's also BYO, and the servers are really nice!In the ghetto, overpriced, ordinary.  It's so weird that there is so much cheap asian cuisine in Philly yet when it comes to Thai food it's totally acceptable to overcharge.  It's curry powder and coconut milk for Christ's sake.We were in the mood for Thai last night, but I wanted to try a new place.  We had been ordering from eruwan, but I wasn't a fan.  I'm not into the new place on 15th and south either.  
I fully understand that fried food uses oil and is greasy, but some places (most)really need to ease up...This does NOT apply to circles!  Your food is amazingly well balanced, and perfectly spiced for any taste(my guy loves food NUCLEAR SPICY,and I offer mine very mild to medium).
I we had the drunken noodles/ chicken, the basil fried rice/chicken, and my beau had the cheesesteak egg rolls(I'm watching my weight, because I can't go to the gym for a bit).  Everything was fantastic, and the portions were awesome!
Best Thai food I may have ever had.  Can't wait to order again.  Thanks for a wonderful meal!
P.S...the delivery boy was adorable!CIRCLES IS BACK!  
so full disclosure... when i was preparing for my taxes this year i had all my debit/credit charges in an excel spread sheet and i hit the alphabetical sort function, i then added up the charges to circles (both locations) and realized that i've spent almost $1,000 there this year.  yeah so it seems that i have a real problem.  now - note that most of the times the delivery has been shared and so i should really cut that in half.  BUT this reflective accounting has made me realize how much i rely on circles for my day to day nourishment.  
I order delivery from them about once a week, and i usually always order the same thing:  pad kaprow with tofu and then i am that annoying vegan who always says - "no fish sauce, you sure there's no fish sauce, i'm allergic to fish" (blah blah blah) The staff knows what it means to be vegan and they go out of their way to veganize dishes. 
pro tip - they also have seitan if thats what you're looking for.
there was a time when they would be late delivering, or the portions would be tiny, or they would forget the brown rice - but lately that hasn't been an issue.  they have been back on track and it has not gone unnoticed.  
check out the facebook deal for 15% online ordering and the also the ONE time i went in to this pt breeze location  for an actual sit down dinner - i thought the place was charming and very welcoming - i had a great time. (ps BYO)
i guess i had been taking circles for granted these last two years.  shame on me.I'm definitely a fan of Circles. The curries, the soups, the summer rolls, the salads. Yum. Yum. Yum. Everyone who was eating with me agrees- this place is great. 
We've gotten the red curry with beef (hot) and it was HOT and delicious as hell (can't imagine what THAI HOT would be like!). We've also gotten the pumpkin curry with chicken and the duck curry- both amazing (esp. the duck!). The summer rolls came in a batch of 3, were giant, and really great, with a nice, dark peanut dipping sauce. The Thai beef salad is also a great app!
They can make it spicier if you seek spice and they can dial it down if you don't want it. The order was easy to place, modify, and pick up was super fast. They deliver and now participate in Level Up, too. 
If you like Thai, def. try Circles and you won't be disappointed. I end up comparing a lot of the curries I eat to Cafe de Laos and this place is right up there with them, but better because it's all ready to pick up and eat in the comfort of your pj's, or if you live close enough, delivered to your door. Even better!
Special Note: You can dine in- there's a restaurant version right next door (and it's actually the kitchen the take-out food is cooked in)! I recommend making a reservation on Sat. night though!Just discovered this place, with a little help from Yelp. The Pad Thai was better than what I had last week at the ultra-trendoid new Chew Man Chu. The Lemon Grass soup was a little bit sweet and very warming. The Papaya Salad a little mushy, but the Spring Rolls were tip top. And the delivery - so fast!  This will be a regular call for me.This review is long over due as I have eaten from Circles for a while now. I love everything they have so far but my favorite is definitely the pad thai! I do not like spicy foods but my girlfriend does so the fact that they can accomodate for both of us is very helpful. She reccomends only getting Thai hot if you can handle really really hot foods. It was surprisingly spicy for her which is something to note. The beef pad thai is the best in the city! I could eat that everyday! The pad see ew is delicious as well with the thick cut noodles and veggies mixed in. For an appetizer we got the thai rolls which again, I could eat everyday. They are big and filling by themselves! The service we recieve for both dine in and takeout is always fast and helpful. This is one of our favorite restaurants in Philadelphia! We both reccomend coming here any day of the week as it will always taste so delicious!!i used to live down the street from circles and would get take-out from time to time.  the food is consistently good, with a bunch of veganizable options (in fact, i think almost all of the vegetarian items can be vegan). my only beef is that i think each menu item costs a dollar or two more than it should, especially "for the neighborhood."
i've eaten in the restaurant twice, and both experiences were A+.  the first time my sister took me out to dinner and we split an appetizer and two entrees.  we were waiting for our food for kind of a while, and our server brought us the wrong appetizer, but he let us have it on the house.  he was super attentive and nice and made our dinner there even better, so when i saw a livingsocial coupon for circles, i bought it.  
although thai food isn't my first choice, the consistency of the food, good service, and proximity to my house will keep me coming in/picking up take-out.I've had Pad Thai and Thai Tea from this location many times. I have tried other Thai places and none of them are as consistent or satisfying. Pad Thai is not the most adventurous but it gives me a good gage of the quality of cooking and now I want to keep trying new things on their menu. It's it a bit pricer than I'm used to paying but I will order again.Circles, I love you so much, I do, you're my favorite Asian fusion of all the Asias that have ever fused. That's why I need to tell you how frustrated I am with the current state of our relationship.  I know that you're too busy for me, and you have many more admirers to pay attention to, but tonight you broke my little hungry heart.
I ordered dinner at 7:15, with a delivery ETA of 45 minutes.  Awesome! My food came right on time (8:05 at the latest) and I ravenously unpacked the goodies.  I even tipped the poor kid $9 for delivering in the cold, because I would never want to trade places.  Lo an behold, the rice that is so critical in sopping up the sweet juices of my curry duck was nowhere to be found!
I called at 8:10, and the lovely young lady on the phone apologized profusely and said she'd send the driver back.  Of course, accidents happen.  I've ruined plenty of orders in my day, so I am a patient girl. I wait, I wait, I wait, I wait. 
At 8:55 I am cranky. No rice. Luke warm duck. I call back.  The lovely young lady is pretty astonished that my rice has not materialized.  More apologies, and she'll dispatch another driver with rice immediately.  Okay.  That is reasonable enough.  I only live a few blocks away, I could be eating by 9:05. 
No. 
9:20, I am hangry. HANGRY.  I have waited over an hour for rice when the meal took 45 minutes! What in baby jesus' name could cause this?  Am I being Punk'd??  Where's Ashton Kutcher??? 
9:24, my rice arrives in the hands of the original delivery guy. My duck is cold.  And I'm past hungry- I just feel empty. Like my wallet. After spending $60 just to wait two hours and twenty minutes for rice. 
I called back, because I was almost on the verge of tears.  The lovely young lady was very kind, said she would take my name and number to have a manager call me back.  Honestly, I'm not really interested in a discount. I just need them to know about the worst delivery service I have ever gotten.  Ever. 
If I had any on hand, I would have made my own damn rice.If the price is lower, I would give it 4 stars.
The first time I went there, Pad Thai was soo good. However, picked up another Pad Thai again last week, and it was just ok.
Shrimp Pad Thai cost me 16 bucks + tax. 
Considering where it is located and the taste, absolutely not worth 16 bucks.Delicious. Will definitely make this a regular place to visit in the neighborhood.awesome food!  its local to me, and i love that there's another great hole in the wall to hit up for dinner.  i dined in at the new space across the street from the take-out place, and it was much nicer than i had expected.  clean, well lit, sorta classy even.  byo, always a plus.  service was good, especially since my dining partner and i got there later in the evening and we hardly realized that we stayed past closing, the workers never made us feel rushed.  will def be coming here again.Maybe the stars were aligned strangely, or maybe I was just really excited to be able to taste things after having a bad headcold for two weeks, but the crab pad thai I ordered from Circles was AWESOME.  The fact that they offer multiple levels of spicyness that are actually spicy is awesome, too.  Their delivery is fast, the food arrives hot and fresh, portions are generous, and it tastes even better the next day.  Definitely my go-to for South Philly Thai.When I walked up to Circles, I wondered why I was eating at a dumpy to-go joint.  But surprise!, they have a pretty nice dining room just across the street.  The food is still cooked at the original spot, and then covered with a plastic tray and carried across the street.
I was out with my friend Cambria, and we both ordered apps and entrees, which was more food than either of us could eat.  The prices for all of that food were quite reasonable.  Her app, the summer rolls, had a light and crispy skin and was much higher quality than normal spring rolls I've had elsewhere.  I ordered the corn and tofu fritters with lump crab dipping sauce, and these were awesome.  It sounds like a weird app, but the somewhat bland fritters provide the perfect accompaniment to the crab sauce.
The place is veg friendly, but neither of us explored these options for dinner.  All of the choices are available in four spice levels; medium, mild, hot, and Thai hot.  I went with hot, and it was manageable and good (which means I wasn't sweating).  Maybe next time I'll bump it to the top level.  
For my main, I opted for the Chicken Pumpkin curry, and it was awesome.  Just the right blend of spices, the pumpkin flavor was subtle, and the dish was enough food for two days.  Cambria ordered a simple pad thai and really enjoyed that choice as well.
Even though the dining room is quite new, it doesn't have too much atmosphere.  The service was okay during dinner.  Nothing much going on in either of these departments.
Bottom Line: It's a bit far for me to be a regular, but the food here is good.  Circles is a solid BYO, Thai place and has great prices.We only did take out from here so I can't speak for the dining room yet.  
Overall I would say the food was decent, with a few highlights.  Big portions but also not cheap either.
We went with the pad thai, the garlic basil fried rice (it has a little kick), the circles fried rice, the vegetable dumplings, and the crab / pork dumplings.  Despite being overprice for dumplings, I think my favorites of the mix were the two dumplings appetizers.
The delivery came within 35 minutes which was nice.  I would probably order from here again if I happen to be in the area.Beef salad awesome....beware their spicy is very very spicy. I had to use sugar to stop the sweats! Order super early as they take forever but worth it....Sorry Circles.  You are only half a block from my house and I just want you to be better.
My gripes: overpriced.  $10 for a lunch special with tiny portions.
The Food:  This is in reference to the takeout.  I ordered Pad Thai--portion was a bit small and the Pad Thai was overly sweet, almost dessert sweet.  I have been to Thailand and pad thai is not supposed to be that sweet.  The Hot and Sour soup was hot and sour, yes, but it was also water and bland.  The tiny spring roll was cripy and good.  A few months ago I ordered the Tom Kha Gai.  Again it was disgustingly sweet.  I actually threw it away.
The Service:  When I went in to get lunch a few weeks ago the guy behind the counter was completely clueless.  The person in line before me ordered a Lunch Special.  There were no specials listed on the menu so I asked, "oh so you have lunch specials?"  He answered yes so I asked to see the menu with the specials.  There isn't one and he proceeded to ramble them off.   Don't you have them written down anywhere?  No.  
So bad service, high prices, and mediocre food.  I won't be going back.  Better to go two more blocks south to Hardena for cheap and delicious Indonesian food served by a lovely family.
Shame on you Chef Boonphaya.  Your Craig le Ban rave was years ago and you are letting your flagship fall apart while opening up new ventures.  Don't offer takeout if you are going to treat it like a red-haired stepchild.i've only had this as delivery and i have to say - circles is my fave thai food in philly.  they make things spicy and deliver on time.  tons of vegan options.Hit up Circles with my dad after a Phils game (thanks Yelp Mobile App) and had a nice dinner.  We were the only people in the place at 9:30 on a Monday night, so service was mellow and good.
Tasty fresh rolls - got the vegetarian version as my dad does not eat meat.  Also ordered the Red curry chicken.  When I asked for "hot" the server asked me, "You want 'hot' or 'Thai hot'?" Well, Thai hot, obviously.  Boy was that some spicy curry.  The kind of hot that starts mellow and finishes like a beast, but leaves you with the desire for more.  My dad had the green curry tofu, also "Thai hot," and we spent the meal eating and sniffing away as it wasn't the kind of heat that made us sweat but definitely cleared out our sinuses!
Dad also ordered a Thai burrito to go for Mom, which he said they enjoyed the next day.
Good meal, the right level of spice for us, and didn't break the bank at all.  Next time I'm nearby , I'll be back for more.Ordered takeout from here recently and delivery was very speedy.  However, the food was actually pretty terrible.
I ordered three different things and everything left me disappointed.  The Pad Thai was probably the best, but that isn't saying much.  Way too heavy on the peanuts in every dish, it actually overpowered things.  
Probably won't be ordering from here again.Terrible experience. 
We arrived at the take-out spot at 8:00PM. There was one person in front of us.
8:05 we completed putting in our order.
8:10 nothing.....
8:15 we receive our thai iced tea (not bad...)
8:20 nothing....
8:30 nothing....
8:40 nothing....
8:45 we finally get our food
It took 40 minutes for them to make summer rolls (no cooking required there) and two Pad Thais. 
Now, onto the food review:
1. The summer rolls were rice paper, lettuce, a piece of shrimp, and bad construction. There was very little if no mint or cilantro in them. They tasted bland.
2. The pad thai was ok, but the portion was pretty small and tasted slightly singed. When I order pad thai from Sawatdee, it's ready within 10 minutes and it's not overcooked. Sawatdee also costs about the same. 
I get takeout when I'm hungry and too exhausted to cook myself. When takeout takes longer than it would take ME to make something, it's bad takeout. 
Never going there again.Amazingly delicious. If you have a craving for thai food, this is your fix. Although it's in the middle of nowhere, it was worth my 90-minute search in the rain (not that I'll ever spend 90-minutes in the rain getting here again, but that time it was rewarding).  I had the Tom Ka Gai soup, spicy and Pad Thai, spicy. It was ****ing spicy. They don't play when it comes to heat.I rarely write reviews despite my constant critiquing of food. I have been looking for great thai food for some time and i have now found it! Circles outranks all of the nicer Thai places in center city, or even chinatown. Their product is always consistent, with great flavor, made to order and never cold upon arrival! The lunch specials served Monday to Saturday for 8.95 are a huge bargain! you get a spring roll, soup, your choice of entree and a dessert - sticky rice with custard. the pad thai is enough for 2, especially if you add extra meat for $1 and add on a salad. the crispy duck salad is out of this world as is the drunken noodles. 
the one complaint i have is that no matter when I have ordered, it takes at least an hour to deliver, or 30 minutes to be ready for pickup, which is slow compared to the typical asian/chinese takeout places. Although its always worth the wait, i have learned to order before i get hungry so that when i'm ready to eat, it's here and ready when I am.Get the pumpkin curry! Just do it. I had it on Friday night and haven't stopped thinking about it since. 
Best Thai I've had in a long time....I had another great meal from Circles tonight, but I did not have to drive there.  We ordered through a living social promotional and had the food delivered. The food we ordered was excellent. We had appetizers including satay and corn fritters. The corn fritters were some of the best things I have ever eaten. We also had some salads that were very special; the flavors were unique, yet clearly Asian in origin.  For our  entree, we had the burrito, and both of us felt it was one of the best burritos we have ever had.
I was very happy with the delivery service. The driver quickly dropped off the food and headed out.  It made it convenient for us on this rainy night to have a special meal without the hassle.   I will keep going back to this place!Circles is delicious, but their prices have gotten out of control. I have been a loyal customer for years now, but I don't think I can afford to order from them anymore. I rarely can get dinner for under $20 (app and an entree) which is insane for Thai takeout. Their summer rolls alone are $7, but if you want one of the (required) options its an extra $1. $8 for two summer rolls!! Their red curry is $13 base and if you want tofu or chicken its an extra $2. God forbid you want to add shrimp! 
It's Thai takeout. It shouldn't cost more than a meal at Barbuzzo.Awesome food. Consistently fresh and delicious. The cheesesteak rolls are amazing. Love the pineapple curry and pad thai. the duck salad is also delicious! However, I noticed the portion sizes are smaller. :(This is how I know I was wasted: didn't remember to take food pictures.
Crab rangoon was better than the boring versions I've had elsewhere, since they bothered to curry the cream cheese. Lump crab was overwhelmed by the dairy, but at least the few clumps broke up the texture.
Shrimp summer rolls rolled with whole chives and accompanied by generic peanut sauce, close to standard.
Thai burrito was not particularly appealing to me. There was a healthy amount of spice and the fresh greens dominated. I have no problems with seitan but I definitely felt like I was eating filler.
Next time, I'll be more sober to try pumpkin curry and their variety of duck dishes.Great food and fast delivery! I recommend the basil fried rice, Tom yum gai soup, and the Thai ice tea.The physical restaurant is not a thing anymore. I was kind of horrified after looking on yelp and then walking with my friends to pick up our takeout when I was then at the dingiest little to go corner place ever. I didn't even want to buy a soda there. Then I got my food out and my mind was 100% changed. I had an awesome grilled squid salad and my boyfriend's Pad Ka Prow was so spicy and good. Plenty of food and the prices were not unreasonable in my mind. Fantastic selection of vegan offerings as well.Best delivery Thai food you could ask for in Philly.  Delivery is always in 45mins, and I usually just order online.  We typically order three meals for two of us and maybe that makes us fatty's but two orders are not enough.  I typically get the Pad-see-ew, Pad-Thai, and Red Chicken Curry.  Tell em to make it spicy for a real kick.  For a lazy sunday night meal, this is the best (typically ends up being around $35).Really delicious food, I've had their takeout and delivery service several times. My only complaint is that the portions are smaller than you typically get at other Asian delivery restaurants.The most exciting, encouraging thing was when I opened my container of Pad Kee Mao and was hit right in the face with wok hei. 
I know, I know, I'm speaking Chinese now?  That wouldn't be the term in the Thai language but how else to describe that, "breath of the wok," flavor that can only be imparted through stir-frying in a well seasoned, well sizzling wok? Ahhhh, wok-breath...
The thin slices of chicken were slightly tinged with flecks of wok-y char... the wide noodles too grabbed the taste. It's all the difference in the world! Circles pulled off a very very decent Pad kee Mao. Plenty of my favorite Thai basil throughout...and bell peppers and chiles. 
I appreciate that Circles heeded my semi-desperate pleading to make my dishes, "Thai hot... Really, Thai hot. Extra, extra, OK?" They sent me some extra nam pla on the side (Thai bird chiles + fish sauce), as I had requested.  I like a little explosion here and there of added bright chile heat and pungent salt on those drunken noodles. So ummm...are you picking up that the Pad Kee Mao was enjoyed? It was. 
We also split the pumpkin curry which was a tasty plate. It's really filling; dense and creamy pumpkin chunks are suspended in rich, sweet and spicy, velvety curry. Husband was crazy about this curry. I liked, he loved.  
He is a pumpkin aficionado, I should point out. Loves all matter of squashes and the like. "Is there anything better than a gourd?" he's been known to ask. It just happened again tonight. I've accused him of marrying me for my pumpkin-head. He requested the pumpkin curry with beef and I was surprised at how they somewhat large hunks were pretty tender though very closely approaching dry territory. 
I thought it odd, as I ordered delivery through grubhub, that under each entree selection there is the option for requesting extra meat or vegetables for an extra dollar or two. I realized, during our meal of course, that, "OHhh, it's cause they're light on the meat." Actually I wasn't bothered at all.
But say you and your dining partner are splitting a couple of dishes though-  I could see how this scant meat situation *could* lead to misunderstandings...maybe angry allegations being hurled like, "What in the? Did you seriously gank all the chicken?" 
No, no....there just wasn't that much in there.
I haven't had a great tom yum in forever and that streak continues, sadly. I could bloviate on and on about how, in my opinion, so much of the crucial balance of great Thai food can be analyzed in breaking down a perfect hot bowl of this beautiful, bright lemongrass soup. Hot, sour, salty, sweet; sing it all together now. Alas Circles' tom yum tonight was a murky salt bomb. Nah.
I'm happy that we gave Circles a shot. 100% chance that we'll order delivery from them again. It's good to know that hot Pad Kee Mao can be mine in the night....in less than an hour, even!  Their menu is now living in our special Bad Badtz Maru folder of take-out menus. Welcome to the folder, Circles... Welcome indeed.Even though they got my order slightly wrong (I ordered Pad Kaprow and got either Drunken Noodles or Pad See-ew) it was still a great lunch special.  Plenty of meat and vegetables with well-cooked noodles.  The chicken and rice soup, though mostly broth, was tasty as was the spring roll and the egg custard dessert served over rice -- heck of alot of food for $9.  Even the iced tea I had to order to meet the minimum delivery was good, though I was sure to brush my teeth after that insanely sweet concoction!  
   I wish you could get the lunch special with shrimp/seafood/duck for a little extra -- maybe you can.We came by here the other day and were confused because there was no restaurant. Upon further inspection we saw that they have two buildings: one for the restaurant and one for take out. The take out was so busy! And we were the only two people in the restaurant. It was Tuesday night though. 
All the food was 4-star good. The 5 star thing I had that was delicious were the tofu corn fritters. AMAZING!Frozen vegetables at freshly imported organic vegetable prices. The fried spring rolls could have come out of a box too. Our delivery guy seemed pretty cool, though.This is by far the best Thai food I have ever had. The flavors are nothing short of amazing. My favorite dish is the Pad Kee Mow (drunken noodles). They have the greatest rice noodles and their tofu is the best I have ever had at ANY restaurant. If I could eat Circles a couple times a week... I would.circles has the best pad thai that i have ever had. that being said, the three stars is because their pricing is ridiculous. i am used to paying the same amount for my meals in the tiny takeout place in south philly as i did at their sit-down restaurant in northern liberties, but the taste was better and the portion was bigger. no big deal. now pad thai has gone up at least $2, and it annoys me that I am paying $14 for food that comes out of a place that doesn't even have tables and chairs. i get that they have more restaurants and need to pay the bills, but i can't believe that i pay the same amount as someone sitting down to dinner at one of their nice locations. portions are also now smaller.since moving to Philadelphia i've been searching for a Thai place to fill my cravings and today Yelp pointed me to Circles. I placed an order in store for takeout and my first shock was the price.  Despite my noodle dish description including tofu, i was charged an extra $2 for it.  I definitely didn't intend to spend $25 on lunch but I went with it.  (interestingly, a trio of girls ordered soon after me and had the same issue but they called the girl working the desk out on it, with no resolution. seems like a menu clarification would be helpful....).  i got my food in a reasonable amount of time and headed home to enjoy my crab rangoons, pad woonsen and random side of white rice that showed up in my bag.  The menu in store didn't mention the curry in the rangoons so that was a surprise. not bad, just not what i was craving.  the pad woonsen was spicy as requested (not thai hot but plenty hot enough) and had good flavor.  I would have preferred more veggies for the $13 i paid.  overall the food was good enough but for the price, i will keep hunting for my new regular spot.Yay! Ordered off grubhub and the predicted order time was an hour and 5 minutes, but we got ours delivered in 25. 
I got the Pork Pad Thai and Chicken Coconut Soup (Tom Kha). Both were delicious, and the soup was steaming hot upon arrival.
My bf Massaman Curry with Beef, and he wasn't much of a fan, but I thought it was pretty good.
Four stars to compensate for him not liking his...but if it were just me, I'd give it a five.I discovered this place on grubhub.com about a month ago, and have been hooked ever since. It's definitely one of my favorite delivery places in the area. I'm a big fan of their lunch specials. They consist of a main dish (I prefer the pad thai or massaman  curry), a spring roll with a plum dipping sauce, chicken and rice soup (it's kind of meh), and a daily dessert for about $9. It's so much food that I usually end up eating it for lunch and dinner. I also like to order their thai tea, which comes in a 24oz cup. It's seriously super disgustingly sweet, and I never finish it, but I find myself craving it far too often. This place is definitely worth trying at least once if you live in the area and are craving something other than bad pizza.Circles is an excellent restaurant.  Good portions of great food at a good price. This is the best pad thai I've had ever! I initially started going here because of the deal on LivingSocial and haven't stopped going since. Definitely a place I will be seeing very often.Circles is one of my favorite places to eat with my vegan daughter....  The whole party can find some delicious fresh custom made dish to enjoy!
The last visit, on a very cold night that found the staff scrambling to warm up the place for us, I had Choo Chee Salmon...out of this world!  My daughter had some spicy curry with tofu and left very full and very happy!
I love this place!lWent on a whim one night. Was around this location one night. 
Ordered:
Shrimp pad thai. 
Chicken with green curry
Beef salad
-The pad thai was a little too sweet
-The curry was a little too creamy and bland
-The need salad was good. Nothing to rant about. 
The bill was a bit in the high side given the fact that this place is situated on the border. 
Gentrification is in the process. They still have their bullet proof window up.I've been craving pad Thai so I searched for places around me and read reviews. I see the same reviews all the time half good/half bad. So I decided to order takeout from circles in south philly. I don't know if it's because I'm so hungry but this was the most delicious pad Thai I have ever had. I asked for medium spice and it is honestly Perfect. It is a bit over priced for how little you get ($14 all together for chicken pad thai pictured) but it's delicious. Just wish I had more!Circles is awesome! They're quick, friendly, delicious, and reasonably priced! One of the best thai places I've come across in Philly. Pad thai is amazing, and (if its in season) try their pumpkin curry; extremely unique delicious curry dish with just the right combo of sweet & spicy!It is currently 22 degrees outside. 
The delivery guy road his bike to my house in the freezing cold and somehow my food was still hot. It makes me embarrassed to say that I ordered delivery because I was too cold to go anywhere myself.
Oh, and I still think the Pad Thai is amazing. And there are enough left overs for at least two more meals...probably three.Loved their pumpkin curry and their pad thai. The pumpkin curry was very flavorful as was the pad thai.
My only gripe is that they didn't give that much meat, and their "medium" spicy wasn't really spicy at all. I'll have to try "hot" next time.I've had a lot of Thai takeout in the area, and short of going to a sit-down place like Tamarind, this is pretty good.  They have lots of vegetarian options, and I especially love their pumpkin curry....SO good.  The lemongrass soup was a little too sour for my liking, but everything else was delicious.
Overall, definitely try it if you're thinking of doing delivery.First Yelp review ever... This place was THAT good. After having great Thai food in other cities, my husband and I were lamenting the lack of options here in Philly with other foodie friends. They recommended we try Circles & now its our lazy Sunday go to for delivery. 
We had the pumpkin curry medium & it blew our socks off. The pumpkin added a great flavor & the curry was spicy (crazy spicy for "medium, actually). The pad thai with Shrimp was amazing - the additional fresh veggies gave the dish a great crunch & the Shrimp were plentiful/huge! 
Ordering again tonight...Mmmm.