I live in the neighborhood and was very excited for this diner to open. I've been there 3 times now each time giving this restaurant a chance but I don't think I'll be back again. This place had a lot of potential but the service is slow and the food is not good. I got a buffalo chicken cheesesteak. It came out cold and missing ingredients. I've gotten the Caesar wrap I don't know how you mess that up but it just wasn't good. The pancakes are fine but they serve you syrup in packets. Get some real syrup. I've been there for breakfast and dinner and it just doesn't work whatever time of day you go.Expensive for a diner. Average food and good service. It was fine but I won't be going backThis was a terrible dining experience, pretty much from start to finish. I was with three other people; we all ordered breakfast foods on a Sunday around 11am. I ordered an omelette with onions, peppers, and mushrooms. When the food came out, my omelette had nothing in it. It was just an egg omelette. The waitress took it back and I figured no big deal, mistakes happen. The other three people in my party were done their entire breakfasts before our waitress returned with my correct order. At one point another women, who I assume was a manager, came to see if things were okay. I told her I still hadn't received my meal; I thought she would take care of it but instead she just started talking to another customer. Neither our waitress nor the manager seemed to notice or care that my food was late to the point where it was both inconvenient and unreasonable. As a side note, the restaurant was not busy at all so I can't understand why it took a full 15 minutes to bring me out my correct order. When my meal finally came, the food was completely mediocre. Not great but not bad, though certainly not worth the wait. To top it off, when the bill arrived we were charged TWO TIMES for my omelette. There was a moment I thought my breakfast would be comped, so when I saw this I became pretty infuriated. I would not come back here, and I would not recommend this diner to anyone. There are so many options in Philly; go someplace with good food and service.Had a simple hamburger and it tasted like a hockey puck. I'll go to Ihop when I want diner food.This place exactly what you want in a diner good decent priced food open till midnight everyday and 24 hours Friday and Saturday!My first time and I had a great greet from the hostess which she had a nice smile and made me feel welcome. I had the lobster ravioli which was amazing! I will be bringing my boyfriend here with me next time!I'm a little prejudiced since I live just across the street, but, well, it's a diner. A proper diner - from the menus to the pastry case to the desserts behind the bar to the decor. Staff is friendly - maybe getting everything worked out, but they're friendly and every visit has gone reasonably well. And the food is good - solid diner fare for what I've tried (primarily eggs and burgers and fries). 
As somebody else said, if you go in expecting a solid diner experience, you shouldn't be disappointed. And I agree it's a great addition to the neighborhood.Excellent atmosphere and friendly staff. Great menu with your standard diner fare, along with some higher quality items. Food is top notch, and the portions are very generous. Their prices are very reasonable as well. I highly recommend you giving this diner a chance, you won't be disappointed.We live right near the city diner so have had the chance to go a few times now. The staff is ultra friendly and the food is - surprise! - classic diner fare. 
Don't go in expecting a crazy Philadelphia artistic reinvention of the diner, just go in expecting a solid diner experience. I like the place a lot, and recommend you go in with the right expectations and you'll be very happy.
It's a great addition to the neighborhood.I want to give this place another shot during a less busy period.  Friend and I went on a Saturday morning and everything in the front of the house was good.  Busy but organized and pleasant staff, comfortable booths and decor.  Food was very underwhelming.  It is difficult to really mess up breakfast, but we were given stringy bacon, eggs which were completely off (ordered over easy and they came over very hard) and cold potatoes.  Like I said, perhaps an off day, but as a diner I feel like you have to understand breakfast staples and late night eats.This place is great. It's like an upscale take on a diner without the upscale prices. The food is great and the service is friendly. The portions are the size you would expect. 
Best part . . . FULL BAR! 
I would highly recommend this place for a stress free meal. 
My only critique with any diner is making the menu easier to navigate.Friendly staff but the food is horrible. The chef must never taste the crap that comes out of that kitchen as well as the manager. The chef should also probably check the recipe of the dish he is preparing, because what I got was nothing like I ordered. Can't believe they are still open.
Don't waste your money.......City Diner is a great addition to the neighborhood.  The food is generally fine, it is a good place to meet friends and talk (they have turned the music down when requested), and the servers are friendly.
However, in the past few weeks I have had some challenging experiences.  Yesterday I met a friend at City Diner, and it took 20 minutes to get a coffee!  First the server said she had to brew a fresh pot of coffee.  After about 15 minutes she brought decaf for my friend, then said she had to start brewing a pot of regular coffee.  I asked her to give me some decaf just so I had something.  She never offered me regular after that -- I had to ask.  The coffee quality could use some improvement as well. 
The other experience, a few weeks ago, involved one of the specials, filet mignon.  I had requested medium rare, and it came well done (not to mention completely encased in melted cheese, which I removed).  The server noticed this, and re-ordered it.  When the steak came again, it was so tough I couldn't chew it. 
I am definitely rooting for the City Diner to succeed, so I hope they will do some tweaking!Given that this place has only been open for a couple of weeks, I did not want to try it until they had their footing.  Some of the previous reviewers said they were disappointed.  I can understand their feelings as a place is just figuring out their way.  I went in on a Saturday morning for a classic breakfast.  I sat at the counter and got great service from Shireen.  I can't speak for table service - but the counter is well managed -  I always had a full cup, and the meal came in the right amount of time for steak and eggs.  My steak was cooked correctly and the eggs were spot on over easy. I will definitely be back.  It is great to have this in my neighborhood.  We needed it.  Nice job City Diner.We love City Diner!  We are so happy they have opened in Center City.  We live in down at Tasker and we enjoy walking up because it's the best diner around.  And it's more like a nice restaurant with reasonable prices.  Love the atmosphere.  So much nicer that the other diners in the area.  Wonderful big glass windows and comfortable booths.  I usually get a BLT or an omelette.  Fresh and tasty.  My husband usually gets the salmon.  Very nice portions, nicely presented and always delicious.  The owners/managers are welcoming and attentive.  They walk around asking how everything is which is terrific.  Every server we've had has been ultra friendly and efficient.  We've tried all the diners around and this is the best.  CraigOK first and only complaint is that I asked for medium well burger and got a super well done burger it was dry boots!! No shade. I'm giving it fours stars because of the service, I was out driving with friends and we didn't look our best on this particular day but they didn't treat us any different our server was super nice and we made sure to leave her a generous tip, the drinks were good I would like them a lot  stronger so if you're looking for a buzz get a straight shot. Also my friends thought they food was awesome so I definitely recommend.No three strike rule here !!!!!!!!!!
I was in  one Sunday morning after Mass and had coffee and eggs, I told the waitress that the coffee tasted burnt She replied "really I like it that way...Was in today and ordered a omelet with cheese and got a omelet without cheese My Waitress no were to be found?? Thought this place was better than that 
NO Going Back !!!Had a terrific turkey dinner there earlier today. Huge and delish! Loved the way they did the mashies. Terrific experience all around.
Will definitely be back!Stopped here on our way to a concert at the Linc. I had the pastrami Reuben. My wife had the Gyro. We both thought our meal was great. It was presented quickly. Good diner food. Adequate portion - just enough, not too little or too much. We both had drinks and they were fine.
Our service was top notch. Samantha did a great job of taking care of us, making sure water was filled. She could sense we were in a bit of a rush and treated us accordingly. Also, when we had questions about the best ways to get around town, she was very informative, even going so far as to help us with SEPTA schedules.
We'll definitely go back next time we're around here.3.5. Good location and a large space. Friendly and attentive servers. The blueberry pancakes only come with an overly sweet blueberry syrup which was disappointing. To our waitress's credit she did inform me of this and I ordered it anyway. My wife enjoyed her eggs and our water glasses were kept filled. It appears that they have a fully stocked bar with stools that seems somewhat unique for a diner....What an atrocious place and waste of a good location . Complete lack of imagination and capability from management and ownership . If you're going to go for standard diner fare the least you can do is be passably competent about it but they fail to achieve even that. Would give this abomination negative stars if possible.Went There For Breakfast On Wed Service Was Fast And Prices Was     Reasonable I Will Be Back Next WeekTried out the new City Diner for Saturday breakfast. Service was very friendly, the food came out remarkably quickly, and tasted pretty good. Prices aren't bad and are a nice relief from overpriced too-fancy breakfast options. It's so nice to finally have a decent diner nearby!Walked in at 12:30am on a Friday night (OK, technically Saturday morning) to be told they closed at midnight. When I said their website states they are open 24 hours on weekends, I was told that it "hasn't started yet."
It's been 3 weeks since they opened, and they have posted 24 hours for Friday and Saturday nights since the start...huge fail.Great place for a nice relaxed meal or just to grab a coffee with friends.  Very friendly courteous staff with prompt service.  Cool retro feel as well.  Right off the Broad Street line at Broad and South Streets.  Great location and great food!City Diner offers pretty standard diner fare. Breakfast dishes were cooked on the bland side but weren't terrible. 
Pros: 
- Wonderful, friendly service
- Really nice and large space in a convenient location
- Easy to get a table during peak brunch hours (I came around 11:30am on a Saturday and waited only a couple minutes)Love this place. We went a little after midnight on a Saturday and it was nice. The fries are great and I got a buffalo chicken wrap, it was good. 
The place itself is cute. It is very clean and the serves are very friendly and nice.
Will be coming back.In town for one more day and decided to grab a quick lunch with my family before we all parted ways. The outside signage caught our eye yesterday when we were walking around and it is nearby to the gardens and museum. We went in and loved the charming decore! It is like a facelifted diner with chic curtains & chairs, clean wooden table tops, warm booths and cute mirrors. They have a nice looking bar, favoring the Pearl Vodka for their flavors and a cute counter top with adorable light fixtures for the old-school feel. Perfect blend of menu items, clean and easy to ready diner sized menu. Food was great! Sandwiches, melts and breakfast ordered all around. Server was new but good and thorough. Didn't miss a step. It was very nice to dine quickly for a good deal and have our eyes charmed as well as our stomachs. We all left full and happy. Will definitely return!!!Service: 4
Prices: 3
Atmosphere: 3
Food: 2
Since food comes above all else, I have to say that I was not impressed :-\ Torn between a 2 and a 3.  I know I came here at an 'off' hour, but things should be consistent throughout the day.  I ordered two eggs with cheese, home fries, and toast.  The eggs were cooked well, but the cheese was very clearly some sort of sliced Kraft-esque cheese, just laid on top of the eggs, still retaining its square shape.  The home fries definitely tasted like they were made early in the morning and were heated up.  They were dry and needed ketchup.  (I never use ketchup on home fries, so that's kind of a big deal).
Price for this particular meal wasn't bad, but some of their meals are pricey, and they've got expensive cocktails.  Is it a diner or a high end restaurant?  If you're a diner, be a great diner.  If you're a restaurant, be a great restaurant.  Trying to be both can make for an experience like the one I had today.
Would I go back?  Sure, I would try one of the pasta specials next time.  But I couldn't let the food quality go.  Will update if I have a better experience next time.We live right across the street from City Diner and we we're obviously thrilled for its opening...unfortunately it's been a tough run thus far.  This place has a ton of potential in the location and concept, however, execution is its key downfall at this moment. Prices are a bit too high, even for this location in the city ($12 cocktails, $9 omelettes and $8 pancakes is a bit excessive).  However, if the food is quality, we'd be willing to stomach these prices.  The problem is that we have yet to receive our correct order while at the City Diner.  On the second visit that this occurred, the server attempted to slip an additional $5 food charge onto our bill as a "correction", of which we were told they couldn't remove (until we bypassed the staff and went directly to the owner).  The service is very inexperienced and it shows.  City Diner is still figuring out what it is and will continue to improve with time and experience.  We will continue to stop in on occasion to see how it is developing and progressing.  We're excited to see its future, but right now, are left disappointed.i had been riding by this diner somewhat frequently for the last few months and decided to pop in and give em a try.  from the outside the diner appears to be more upscale than most.  when i went in,  it definitely  was nicer than pretty much every other diner in the area.  the restaurant was very  spacious and had very nice comfortable seating.  the staff was friendly and attentive.  they greeted me with a smile as soon as i walked in.  didnt feel like dining in by myself so i ordered take out.  took me maybe five mins to drive over and my food was ready when i got there.  i had the farmers omelette  which consisted of eggs(duh),  sausage,  onions ,  home fries (inside the omelette ) and cheese.  the portion was average and it tasted like standard diner food.  really dont have any complaints about this place.  id definitely go back for take out or to dine in.Wow!! Great new diner in philly. Great design, great menu and great overall culture. I loved the bar in the back. The ambiance is perfect for this area. Employees seem engaged and happy to be working there. Sam the owner/manager is known throughout south philly so it's easy to see why this place will succeed. Great job and keep up the good work.Large menu, decent food, and a full bar as well as 24hr weekend schedule make this place a good choice. Adjacent to many popular bars. I had the salmon special, and should have stuck to more traditional diner food.This is exactly what you think when looking through the window - a 24 hour diner on a corner in center city. The menu is diverse, the food decent, the prices not outrageous and the service is, well, diner service. No big complaints, especially at 3am ;-)This will be my first yelp review but far from my first dining experience in Philadelphia. I've been a Yelp user for years but never a contributor. Today that changes as I throw my hat into the ever so crowded ring of self proclaimed Philadelphia foodies.
So here I am at City Diner, it's 10am Saturday morning. As I look around at the half empty dining room I can tell this place will indeed have a long and challenging road ahead, occupying costly real estate at broad and south streets. I know this to be true even before I taste the food.
Why is a contemporary diner so hard to execute in Philadelphia? Maybe it's because the traditional diner clientele is disinterested in fancy barstools and urban industrial polished cement floors. Or perhaps because the high expectations of the South Philly brunch crowd cannot be satisfied with a limited bean selection or a straight forward no frills breakfast menu. Anyway, let's get to it.
No need for the fancy flavors of hollandaise or cheddar sauce on this maiden voyage! I want to know how well they can execute the basics. And execute they do!
The Meal:
Three eggs sunny side up
Hash browns 
Sausage 
Rye Toast
Coffee
Soft Drink
All in at $12.40 plus tip.
The eggs were not slimy nor burnt around the edges. Hash Brown lightly seasoned, evenly cooked and flavorful. Sausage had a mild sweetness with a smokey finish and was quite delicious. The rye bread was thick and what I would expect at a Philly diner although not quite as toasted as I would prefer. The butter was in small packets (-2 points) instead of in a serving cup cup however was soft and easily spreadable. The coffee was just that, coffee.
I have finished my meal and I do NOT have that pit of my stomach sensation that I just consumed a ball of grease. Overall this meal a win and definitely a contender for our friends at 2nd and South. The reality is I'm starting to get tired of my own high maintenance breakfast needs. While Honey's, Morning Glory, Hawthorns and Sabrinas will always have a place in my heart sometimes I want quick, simple AND delicious.
Perhaps a contemporary diner can work in Philadelphia but I'm not sure if this will be the one. What I do know is that I'll be back and I'll be challenging the menu a bit more next time.Nice, new spacious diner right on Board Street, with really good food and great service. I came here on a Sunday with six family members. We ordered a lot of stuff and I tried it all. The grits were delicious. Very thick, buttery and cheesy. The eggs Benedict was very tasty. The hollandaise sauce was not too thick and had great flavor.  The burger was a good size and pretty tasty. The fries are OK, but not amazing.  The pancakes were very good. The bowl of fresh strawberries topped with whipped cream was huge and refreshing. The orange juice was freshly squeezed. Everything came out within 15 minutes of ordering.  I was very impressed with the service. The waitress was very nice and personable. 
The only thing I did not like was the coffee. It had an rough aftertaste of coffee grinds. Other than that, I enjoyed my experience. I will definitely be back. And it's 24 hours!It's clean and the servers and friendly.  The food is decent too.  They accommodate larger groups as well and if they don't split the check, you can tell the cashier what you had and just pay for your potion which is nice.I ordered a cup of chicken noodle soup, chicken fingers, and a side of cheese fries (I ate about half of the serving). My boyfriend ordered a cup of chicken noodle soup and the tuna melt (he ate half and the small portion of fries that came with it). I thought everything tasted fine (not bad, not amazing) but the reason I have to give a bad review is because the food has wrecked havoc on both of our stomachs. Not sure which specific food was the culprit, but we decided to toss all of the leftovers. I'm writing this review to try to spare any readers an extended amount of time in the bathroom spent regretting your choices.I was in Philly visiting my friend from college over the weekend and she herself has just moved there recently so she was excited to try out new interesting places. Location-wise, this place is in a pretty awesome spot and it's right below some new apartments which is pretty awesome. Service-wise, the waitresses and hostess were very nice.
Food-wise, it's a pretty standard diner in terms of your menu with the classic all day breakfast selections. I got a simple breakfast sandwich on a Kaiser roll, with 2 fried eggs, turkey bacon, and pepper jack cheese. In my opinion, it's kind of hard to mess up a breakfast sandwich. Overall, it tasted decent it was just super greasy and my pepper jack cheese was not melted at all. It was literally cut up into triangles and just thrown on to my egg. Most good places I've gone to will make sure the cheese is melted before serving it to you, otherwise it only gets colder once it's off the stove. Also, the classic water glass they serve you is considered their medium size. If you get an orange juice and you order a small one, don't expect the same size as their tiny water glass, the small is even smaller than that one.A another disappointing faux diner. Service and food are equally bad here. It took the waitress 12 minutes to take our order and another 20 for the food to arrive all without saying more than 5 words the whole time. Even trying to get a coffee refill was a chore. When we received our food it was somewhere between cold and luke warm. At the time the place wasn't even a third full so there was no excuse for the poor service or food. While the decor might look dinerish that's the only diner trait here.I'm from the deep south which prides itself on hospitality; well Philly's got us beat! I've rarely had such great service, good food, and a super friendly and attentive staff. The manager even comped my bran muffin just for mentioning how good they looked. Don't miss a meal a City Diner.Came here for Mother's Day breakfast with my mom and brother. 
The diner itself is a sort of modern metro style diner, close to center city/city hall. 
Service: 
Service was alright. We got seated pretty quickly, but it took them waitresses about 10-15 mins of us sitting there before they realized nobody had come by to greet us, or bring us water. The diner was kind of busy, so I think that's why it took them so long, but our waitress was really friendly and very accommodating as well. 
Food: 
I ordered chocolate chip pancakes, my brother had steak and eggs, and my mom had scrambled eggs with home fries. My pancakes were perfect, my brothers steak came out a bit undercooked, so we sent it back, and when it came back out, it was perfect. My mom's eggs and home fries were cooked to her liking as well.
Pricing: 
Fairly reasonable. For a diner in the city, the prices are as good as you can expect. They even had Mother's day specials too.Great place for breakfast, brunch, lunch, snack, and dinner! Great service and good food!Do you cook your fries in crack? How are they sooo g00d????? Chicken sandwich with honey mustard is a foodgasm.Finally a new diner in the city MUCH NEEDED for industry people & socialites that have late night schedules . Very Clean and mangled very wellFood was okay, which I expect at a diner, but the prices are outrageous. The French onion soup was amazing, but my friend ordered a medium rare burger that came out rare and the waitress refused to correct it. I also ordered poached eggs and received sunny side up. 
Overall, too many mistakes, aloof and slightly unfriendly service and high prices.
Unforgivable.I ordered my usual from city diner which is the tuna melt on whole wheat bread. Instead of french fries I substitute mixed vegetables. Originally there was no additional charge, more recently they've added $1 fee for the substitution and today they added $1.50 for the substitution. Please see the picture below to see the tiny portion they gave us (normally it's twice this size). This dish has always come with a side of coleslaw and a pickle. Today, it came with neither. Needless to say, I'm a little disappointed.I ordered take out from here last week. My boyfriend and I each ordered a tuna melt. They charge extra when you substitute steamed vegetables for French fries. They have started to get very stingy with the vegetables. Since that is the case we don't want to pay extra for it and probably won't substitute anymore.While having a bar in the diner is nice, this place is completely overpriced and the food is subpar at best. Even something simple like chicken Parmesan. Won't be back.Went before game at Wells Fargo.   Was told the service can be slow, but no!    We didn't have much time and our breakfast came out very fast.  Breakfast I think is the easiest meal - so my ranking is based on that.   4 items - all solid - omlette, creamed chipped beef and 2 reubens.  Solid local joint.I recently visited at 1am and while the service and ambience was great the food was ok. I was disappointed with the French onion soup i ordered as the soup was like water. Not flavorful at all.I stumbled in after a long happy hour, great red wine selection. I love the view of broad street, very chic. Music was pumpin. Small plates- wings, disco fries, mozzarella sticks were slammin. Staff was AMAZING!!!!! Come thru!!!Cold eggs and cold coffee. Pathetically slow service by a staff who acts like you're bothering them just by being there.My partner & I were excited to try this centrally located diner in the heart of CC, especially given that it's open early (well, never really closes) on the weekends - we are NOT people who can wait until 11 am for brunch. Booths are comfortable and the space is huge, seems to be a big draw for families (we saw 3 high chairs in use). Service was good, all employees were pleasant and attentive. Pricepoint was good, $7 bloodys, $9 eggs benny. 
BUT... the food was really unimpressive, unfortunately. My traditional eggs benedict was OK - eggs were cooked perfectly, hollandaise was meh, canadian bacon was cold, english muffin was kind of burnt tasting, but also chewy. Left half of it. Hashbrowns were equally meh. My partner's benny, though, had WAY undercooked eggs (at home we call them "snotty" eggs, where the whites aren't set). Yuck. Coffee was stale. And bloodys were serviceable but nothing to write home about. 
 There are better choices in CC, even for an early weekend breakfast.Cheesesteak was great even by philly standards. Side of coleslaw was tasty as well. Friendly waitress topped off the great eating experience. Now I have a place to eat after browsing the vintage Martin guitar the next block over.Review for drinks only. This place brands itself as a cocktail bar but there's no cocktail menu or drinks to speak of.  You can order beer, wine or liquors. Tried to order a Jamison and ginger ale but they don't have ginger ale.  Cocktails here flat out don't exist, think booze and basic mixer. I didn't eat anything but it looks like a charming diner but definitely not worth stopping in for a drink.Nice diner to have in the neighborhood.  Every seems to be nice, its extremely clean. The food is above average for diner food.Good food at a good price.  Been here twice already (once for dinner and once for breakfast) and both times the quality of the food exceeded the price!
Also shout-out to our server Natalie, who was great!Ok so the food was actually decent but the service and accuracy of the orders was horrendous - and took forever to get anything even when Diner was 80% empty! 
Waitress never refilled coffees, no water, no checking in.
This place has a lot of potential but falls short in almost all areas.  Would not recommend.Walked in, counted about 8 workers. I was seated by a very courteous gentlemen only to sit for close to 10 mins before I myself got up and informed the staff that I had not been attended to. She promptly apologized only to go to the back and still return alone. I got fed up and left. I'd understand if it was busy, but the place was almost empty. 10/10 would not return. It was clean if nothing else.This place blows. I typically get breakfast at diners, but it was freezing out and I was craving soup. My girlfriend and I shared a bowl of chili and French onion soup. Chili was average at best, French onion tasted like they rung out the bar rag into a bowl. Literally the worst soup I've ever had. Then they wanted $20. Yuck, never again. So many better options in the area.It's certainly a niche to have a diner in the city, I was really hoping to something good when they were under construction, but first experience was rather disappointing. 
We got takeouts, no I cannot comment on the service and the dine-in experience. The food was not fresh, salad was stale and the coleslaw was so old that I didn't want to touch it. I guess that's what happens when you don't have enough customers and can't turnaround the food fast enough.  We ordered during a weekday, so hopefully your experience is better on a weekend. 
I'm really curious to see how they can maintain 24/7 operating model with such a low customer flow. But I suppose it's a good option late at night!Don't expect anything fancy. It's a diner. The food tastes like diner food. I like it because sometimes I want diner food, and this is close to home. No more long treks to deep South Philly for a diner. I've only ordered their omelettes, and those are good. My son got a quesadilla that was surprisingly good. My wife also tried a burger that was solid. Again, nothing fancy. Just good diner food.If you're craving cheese fries then look no further!  The staff is super friendly and the place is clean.It's not really fair to write a review of a place that just opened but I think they deserve a try with a few kinks they have to work out and the place is OK. 
I had the chicken soup which was good and tasty but canned. It was progresso chicken soup which I serve my family but it was good. The crab cake was great full of crab but only one. I opted for the mac and cheese and after one taste I was reminded of the lunch lady in high school in a hair net scooping out this oily stuff with an ice cream scoop. It was cold. But the waitress offered to heat it but one visit from the lunch lady was enough for me. They could do better heating the food and making more homemade soups, which are easy to make. I was there when the stove arrived. So I guess they are so new they didn't have a stove? Well the prices were a bit high but I will try them again. I think they deserve a second look when they get it together. Will be back.Had a lovely dinner here with my husband. Excellent affordable diner food and cocktails. I love I finally have a convenient place to go that combines my love of diners and alcohol!City Diner is a good option for breakfast on weekends if you're not up for battling the brunch crowds. I ordered a basic breakfast platter- eggs, toast, meat & potatoes. Pretty hard to mess that up, but it hit the spot. Coffee was good enough to drink black. The staff here is friendly and there was no wait for a table on a Saturday morning. I actually found their prices to be on the cheap side for a sit down breakfast. I mean, a couple of bagel sandwiches will run you $20 in center city. I'd return for a quick, no frills meal.On our first night in Philly I came to visit this lil gem because it was just down the block from the hotel I was staying at.   I came here with my with  my two good friends, and the wife after the Jay-Z & Beyonce Concert. It was about 1 am when we arrived. The inside and outside were very clean and decorated nicely.  The people inside look tired and miserable I didn't know why until we were there waiting to be waited on.  The waters came about 15 minutes after we were seated, and then our waitress came to take our order about 7 or 10 minutes after that.  Just to draw a better picture there were probably about 12 other groups dinning here while we were in here.   The waitress seemed to be a lil  annoyed through no fault of our own.  But her night will probably be more agitated after we left anyway.  We didn't really want anything big, just a late night munchie will make us happy.  Quesadilla had onions when we specifically asked to leave the onions out,  Disco Fries were not what we expected, Cheese Fries, some soft drinks, and a Vanilla Milk shake.  The food was super bland. The fountain soda was flat.  And my milk shake was watery. My younger self wanted to dine and dash, but I am a grown adult now and I just didn't leave a decent tip instead.  I heard that this place was a good spot, but I guess I caught this spot at the wrong time.  I will probably never come back here again.  But I would visit Philadelphia all the time.  We love it here.Kind of hit or miss.  Breakfast took 25 minutes because the kitchen "didn't make hollandaise this morning."  10 am mid week.  I though that was odd.  The food is mostly good, but I'm unsure if the front of the house has a strong manager.  I've been in the restaurant when it was empty and the hostess seated a table with 2 toddlers right next to me.  Now I'm playing peek a boo while I'm trying to eat my lunch.  Weird.  I'm rooting for these guys to iron out the kinks.  A dinner in that location is awesome, but they are going to need to REALLY step up the service.Finally had a chance to try the place after they've settled in over 9 months. The breakfast food was decent. 2 scrambled eggs portions was more like 3! Hash browns were better than average, but could be even better with some onions. Wheat toast was good, but delivered cold! Turkey bacon was good, but lousy presentation. I'd definitely go back for the food again.
The 2 stars is solely due to below par service, especially when there were only 9 customers in the joint. The server wasn't very present. Brought wrong stuff to table and then disappeared, no coffee refill offered!! Come on, really?...she finally showed up as I was leaving to offer a refill. Bizarre. She also gave me the wrong check, but the nice cashier/hostess realized it right away and fixed it. (Hostess also stepped up when I arrived and asked for water and coffee because no servers were around! brought it over right away!! Much appreciated) I should clarify that my server was pleasant, just not present.City Diner is one of my favorite spots. They always have great specials and the staff is awesome from the hostess to the servers and the managers. Super friendly staff. One of my favorite servers is Rebecca. She always has a smile on her face and a great attitude and great service.Just like the previous review below, I am disappointed with my last visit, and my last few visits have been less than stellar. 
I live fairly close, so I grab food from here pretty often, as its close, they have a big menu, and it's easy to just swing in to pick something up whether it be a sandwich, salad etc. Since I eat here fairly often, I often substitute the french fries that come with all of their sandwiches for the veggie of the day, since I want to eat at least somewhat healthy and limit my intake of french fries. At first, a few months back it was no problem. Then a couple months after that there was an extra $1 charge to substitute the fries for veggies. Now with my recent order, without being told, I was charged an extra $1.50 for the vegetables. 
Those extra charges add up when you grab food from there pretty often. To note, I am not ordering a separate side of vegetables, just substituting the fries for the veggies. Also to note, to order a side of fries, it is $3.99 on the menu. An order of the vegetable of the day is $3.49. It is actually cheaper for the vegetables than fries on the menu, yet I am being charged an increasing charge every time. The portion of vegetables is very small as well and not worth it.
My most recent trip, I also never received the cole slaw or the pickle that always comes with the sandwiches. I don't know if they are cutting back there also, or if they just forgot with this order.
With that being said, the food is still really good, and I will probably still eat here when I am in need of something quick. I may however need to rethink my orders, or start researching some other possible options in the area and not eat here as often.This is not your ordinary diner...this is a diner with a fun twist! I don't know any other diner that plays Prince and Madonna. The food is pretty decent if you need a quick bite to eat, and they've got late night and holiday hours, which is a plus. So, I'd say give it a try if you're in the area or are driving by and need a quick bite to eat.The wait time was completely unreasonable for a slow Tuesday evening. With only 2 tables the waitress was unable to fill drinks or check-in. The food order took over 45 minutes. Other tables surrounding ours who came in much later were receiving their entrees in a more expedited fashion. With the number of restaurants that are within a two block radius, I'd suggest any other place than this one.I'm a total Melrose gal BUT I take the subway to work everyday, so watching this diner come together really caught my eye.  The fact I can get my diner favs,  a cold beer,  and hit my subway at Broad and South... Please,  sold!!! I would highly recommend the short ribs if you're lucky enough to breeze through with that dish on special!  The soups take the cake though... Unless you want some cake!Who doesn't love a great diner!?! 
My boyfriend invented an omlette of peppers, onions, cheese and scrapple (a variation on the Western) - which the kitchen pulled off in stunning aplomb; I ordered chicken noodle soup which was super salty and awesome, and then I went so far as to order crab cakes and they were DIVINE! Lots of meaty crab meat and perfectly seasoned. 
Our waitress was also very pleasant and came by to check on us just the perfect number of times.
Open 24/7!The lack of basic service and hospitality skills was disappointing. Granted it just opened, so I'll leave it at that - and hope staff is properly trained in the days ahead. 
Liked the menu - decent, with some creativity. Smartly not one of those 6 page mega diner menus.   
Can only comment on the soup and bread at this point. Had a bowl of chicken noodle (shells). I'd call it decent/better than average - good taste, not too salty, good noodle/chicken/broth ratio, but it wasn't hot enough! It was hot enough not to send back, but just barely. Biggest rookie mistake new and experienced cooks/restaurants make. The bread was average at best, nothing special.Turkey chowder soup banging drinks solid,  Chili Cheese Burger, Pizza Fries, Milk ShakesFried Zucchini all worth the trip. I believe I found my new family spot on south street. Plenty of seating for large groups. I have family of 6They have amazing service, I ordered a Gyro and crabcakes appetizer. I'm from Maryland and I'll say that these crabcakes actually have crab meat in it and they taste good and I'll be back in for them.I went with a party of 15-20 and the diner staff did an excellent job. I thought they would be overwhelmed or grumpy because we were such a large party. But they served us so well and came out with everyone's orders just right. I was super impressed by the service and thought they were a good place for brunch. Although, they didn't have as many breakfast options as I anticipated -- but as a whole their menu is very extensive.