Food was horrible took two hours to get my food ordered my food at 8pm was told a hour for delivery received a call saying food on it's way at 8:30pm ok it's 9:30 called back was told driver was standing on the step ok if driver standing on steps why didn't he knock on the door was told going to make food over and send it back i received my food at 10:30pm french fries cold as ice i really think i had the same platter from 8:30 pm ate some of the buger because i was hungry and it was to late to order any where else i trashed the rest just awful woke up just morning sick as a dog from that litte piece of hamburgerThis tasteless grease-laden pizza ruined my shirt. Two stars only because the place was clean and the cashier was friendly. The Spring Garden location has much better tasting pizzaMy employer uses this location for delivery. 
I am writing the review based on one experience with delivery. 
A large order was made of various items. The food came in except my lunch order.
They were contacted and asked to fulfill the order. 
The order never arrived after several calls. No attempt to rectify the mistake and no apology for not delivering the cheese take over several hours.
The food itself, it is typical delivery food. Nothing special and nothing great. It is decent enough. The portions are large sized.This is some of the best pizza in philly. They have a great selection of food and I always enjoy whatever I order. I would highly recommend this place.Stay away from veggie pizza unless you like half cooked dough with raw veggies ..barely any cheese and sauce on it. I've been ordering from this location for years but you guys are falling off.  I'm done..soo disappointedI order from here all the time the prices are good and the food is great 
They are so convenient and they never take long to get to meI just ordered from CVP a grilled chicken Caesar salad and when I say this was the worst salad I've ever had !!!! The worst. I called and asked for that salad with lite red onions. They literally must've cut up an entire onion and place it in my salad and on top of that the onions were hot and slimy. I couldn't even get through to eating more than 5 bites before I discarded the whole salad. Just a slimy hot mess. I even thought of calling them and complaining over the phone but what would they have done ? Probably offered me discount on my next order but I will not be ordering again. You've lost my business. Completely put me off my appetite. Do better CVP!!!! I suppose for your future customers.Unfortunately, there are very limited food options by Temple Med School and Temple University Hospital. 
When you can't wait to get something delivered, City View is a good place to go. They have a lot of food options and the food is really affordable.their pizza is very tasty. a bit on the heavier side, but delish! my fav is the vege combo one. their mushroomones are also good. also have a ton of selections. overall, great tasting pizza, bit over average compred to the generic chains, but not like gourmet italian pizza. good for take outs and large parties.Pizza is delicious but does not always arrive in the best condition.Bomb pizza and pretty quick service! Plus its easy on the walletOne word: DELICIOUSNESS.
Not only is the pizza glorious but the pasta, oh the pasta, is BEAUTIFULLY DELICIOUS. Every morsel bought tears to my eyes. I always get the chicken and broccoli fettuccine Alfredo with added shrimp (shrimp lover). This huge tray of seasoned goodness comes with a pile of everything. Definitely lasts you for days. Or in my case, 2 since I'm extremely greedy. The shrimp is very big and I don't know if they dip the chicken and broccoli in crack but either way, I'm HOOKED. The pasta and homemade Alfredo sauce, I can BATHE in. They are my go to place for pasta or any of my pizza craving needs. Beyond ANY pizza place. In love!TERRIBLE. Terrible service from rude staff. Simple menu items can't be understood! When I ask for spaghetti and meatsauce thats what I want not a ton of cheese (I don't eat cheese and I didn't ask for cheese) and I'm told oh well that's how it comes! Thats just the beginning. NEVER AGAIN!Honey BBQ wings and potato skins are unhealthy but delicious. Also the pizza by the slice is great if you need lunch in a hurryThe cashier with the hair was amazing and personable. Super chill spot with great service...I'm a New Yorker and I approve lol!Stopped in for lunch and cheesesteak and fries. Super friendly staff, very delicious food,  and the place was clean and well appointed. Recommended !Delicious food . They offer decent pizza, good burgers, great pasta dishes and good portion for the money. Prices are reasonable and quick service.This place is the best to grab a slice of pizza! Reasonable prices and friendly staff!love city view. they have the best burgers, pizzas, & wraps. they are a little expensive, but worth it.Best Pizza and wings I've tasted in Philly so far. Closest thing to Brooklyn Pizza yet, my search for good Pizza in Philly is over.Due to their proximity to our office, my co-workers are always ordering from City View.  Compared to other pizza places in our area we have found them to be more reliable and professional.  The pizza is good and their strombolis are HUGE!  One small stromboli could equal 4 different meals for me.I called City View Pizza to place a special order to be delivered to my sister's work in honor of Galentine's Day, (the day before Valentine's Day where ladies celebrate ladies). I asked them to bake a pizza in the shape of a heart as well as write a special note on the box for my sister. They went above and beyond and created the perfect heart pizza for my sister. Thank you for making this possible!!!Ordered a hoagie tray and it was great. Included many types of hoagies. Even came with all the fixings on the side. Pizza is always good and their wings are awesome. Great place for food overall.They have the best buffalo chicken pizza I've ever tasted that's all I like from here not sure about the other food some of it was rather disappointingOrdered some pizza pies for a late dinner. The crust was thin and very little cheese. Really bland. Not much of a fan. The fries were soft and no ketchup was included. The veggie pizza was loaded with toppings which was a plus and that the location is close to campus. I would not order from here again as there are many other pizza places around campus.The Buffalo Chicken Pizza is out of this world. Whatever they use to make it has to be illegal. That is the only explanation I have for something that taste so heavenly.I've eaten from all 3 locations and have never had a problem with anything that I order. I will definitely recommend ordering ahead.This review is for a grilled chicken salad only. I ordered online, which was convenient. The delivery got to me relatively quickly and the salad was reasonably priced. It was HUGE though! So much chicken and veggies! I had to save it for lunch the next day. I will definitely order from here again!Cheesesteak was ok. Now for their pizza is good if you getting it from the restaurant. Ordering over the phone is the worse thing ever. Every time I order it burnt and I have to resend it so it a better looking one. Now when ordering a sandwich you have to check it has everything you ask for because if you ask for sweet peppers and you don't check. You might not get it. The staff is great and nice. The only problem I have when you order food to deliver. Yikes. So if you want your food done right be in the restaurant and check your orderCame in and ordered fries. $3 gives you a good amount. Fresh, crispy, and not oily. As for their pizza, this place is a good location since its next to the campus. I still wouldn't order pizza though. Service was quick.I give 1 star because the delivery service was bad the driver was not polite he blamed the customer because he could not find the house, a simple address so it is best to order take out/pick-up you would get much better service...I live among many pizza places that offer ordinary stuff and quality, this place goes beyond that. All of their food tastes organic and healthier than most places, definitely tastier. Because it's better than most pizza places surrounding me, I'll give it a 5. 
I put this restaurant at a 7/10, 10 being your favorite pizza place in America, and 1/10 being a place you vomit as soon as it's mentioned... so it's pretty good. 
My favorite order here:
BBQ&Buffalo Chicken PizzaCity view is Ok. They are very clean, big portions, but they can be kind of expensive.
Normally I go here Sunday afternoon when I got some extra cash to dish out on a pizza place. 
Pizza & Cheesesteaks are good.A clean, quick lunch spot close to Temple Hospital. 
Aside from the lunch trucks, there aren't too many options in the area. City View would do well anywhere, but in North Philly, it shines. Literally. The place is cleaner and nicer than one would expect. Granite counters, flat screen TVs and service with a smile. 
While I wouldn't make a special trip all the way up there for dinner, it is a welcome surprise in daylight hours. 
Cuisine is your standard pizza, hoagies, salads and wraps. All menu items come in very satisfying portions. The chicken caesar wrap is outstanding, as is the chicken gyro. 
If you're up for a little walk at lunch, skip the trucks and have a seat at City View.Finally ordered takeout. The bbq chicken had good chunks of meat. The sauce was mainly just dizzled on but was still good. The veggie pizza has no sauce but was loaded with toppings. The meat lovers pizza has lots of sauage to pepperoni but I didn't complain. The service is fast, get in and get out. The whole staff was busy during the lunch hour. Overally this is a great pizza place. A bit more expensive compared to other pizza shops nearby but they do load you on toppings.I ordered a large pizza and wings on a Monday night. I had to wait an hour to receive my food and when it arrived, the pizza was the coldest I have ever received from a delivery spot. The wings, although lukewarm, were good which garnered the 2 stars, but the pizza was not to my liking. I'm not into sweet sauce so this pizza was not doing it for me. I'm also not into putting delivered pizzas in the oven and heating them myself. I even tried to call the store at 10:20, but they put on the "closed" message, which was 10 minutes early. 
I really wanted to like this place. Maybe it's just this new location.Ordered a shrimp fettucinne alfredo. The portion was large but there wasn't much in the way of seasoning.  It was adequate but nothing to rave about.I love this place. It isn't your ordinary run of the mill pizza joint. This is the best food in the area. The pizza is top notch. I really like the BBQ chicken. They grill chicken breast to order. The restaurant itself is always busy with people eating in and taking out. They have something for everyone. They're grilled chicken sandwiches are fantastic. Great place! Great staff! One love!Okay, okay. Update time.
Here's the thing that was a little unfair about my last review: I complained about ordering and waiting for the food. Here's a tip that I've learned since then: You can order online. You can even "delay" order. That's what I did today. I knew what time I was taking my lunch break, so I waited until the perfect moment, placed my order, marched up the street and grabbed my food. They had it ready and it was so easy. 
Plus, the guys who work here are really nice, and the premises always seem super clean. They have an expansive (non-alcoholic, of course) drink selection and I always pick something up even if I'm not planning on it.
All the food I've had has been great. I recommend their triple decker clubs. They're monstrous, come with cole slaw and chips, and are generally always delicious. As a chicken-person, I suggest the chicken salad (with bacon) or the chicken cutlet (with provolone and mayo.)
This place is certainly a commodity on this stretch of North Broad. They also have locations in Spring Garden and on Temple's campus, but I haven't been to those so I can't vouch. This one, however, is top-notch for what it offers!Wanted gyro chicken platter but not enough time to wait since they are usually busy.  Looked over and saw fresh pie of pizza hot out the oven. Ordered two slices of Buffalo chicken Pizza. Two words delicious grabbed a fruit juice to wash it down. Can't beat it for $6! Definitely will be back!"I usually love this place. Last night on the other hand, my husband had a meatball sandwich that was totally overcooked and hardly edible. I guess because he didn't want cheese they didn't want to make the sandwich."Solid neighborhood place. Great burgers and meatball sub. Reliable delivery. Be careful when you order online that you order from the correct location.I visited the broad and Olney location last night and ordered a turkey burger platter. I wish I could tell you about the food but I never got a chance to taste it. After witnessing a worker assemble sandwiches and cut pizzas using his BARE hands I was instantly turned off. To make things worst he had a box of gloves next to him that he blatantly did not use. Sad to say, he wasn't the only person I witness do this. 
After bringing it to the cashiers attention and requesting my order be canceled all she said was sorry. That was it. No management was called, she didn't remind the guys to practice good hand hygiene. Nothing.  She then turned and finished a conversation with another employee. 
When working in customer service please remember that you have to always provide some type of customer satisfaction.Our office ordered pizza, fries, and salad from here last week for lunch. Decent pizza, nothing special, but hit the spot. Good price point and convenient location for us at work.Slim pickings went by default. Pizza was below average and over priced 2 slices and soda $7.00.... def not serving quality more like quantity. Maybe it's the location. Pizza had puddle of oilI will say that the pizza here is good. The nurses at the hospital love it. However I decided to go outside of the box and order shrimp scampi...EPIC FAIL. I paid additional to add onions, tomatoes and mushrooms. The mushrooms were canned for goodness sake, The scampi sauce was flavorless and my noodles were over cooked.It seriously resembled chicken noodle soup. I would stick to subs and pizza if I were to try them again because the scampi was a joke.Great food, great service. Love working right next door. Lunch time is the best! I always get something different because everything is good lolThis salad was a basic Caesar with romaine lettuce, hard boiled eggs and "salmon". The "salmon" was poor quality, it wasn't even pink in the inside! I smelled it soon as I opened the container. It smelled and tasted fishy. And if you look in the corner of the picture it was was also watery. They had the nerve to charge me $16 for this mess. I wish I didn't even have to give them one star ‍Food is always perfect! Fresh chicken not that cheap shit! Staff is always cool and friendly!Their wings are the only thing I think is awesome. This place is seriously over priced for no reason..I once went in and they had like 4 cashiers standing around chatting and absolutely no one in the store. Seriously guys....get it togetherThe absolute only place to order take out in this vicinity. EVERYTHING they make is fresh, delicious and delivered fast. My guilty pleasure. Especially their pepperoni pizza that I affectionately call "dream pizza".  I love city view.Shout out to the city view staff! Ive been coming here since I moved to north philly last year and its hand down one of my favorite go to pizza spots you guys rock!They have bad customer service I came to pick a order up and the Spanish guy up front told me my order would be ready in 5 minutes and it's been 15 minutes and he hasn't said anything to me giving me a update.Whenever we travel down to Temple University Hospital from Upstate NY, we always get a steak sub from City View! Awesome rolls are perfect for steak sub use. And the amount of meat they pile on is killer. Usually I take a second sub home for later. Nuke it until hot and then re-crisp the roll in the countertop convection oven and it's almost as good as fresh... almost.  Try their pink lemonade from the fountain too, goes well with the sub. Couple more weeks and we'll be eating one of those sandwiches too!The grilled chicken here is terrific!  Get it on a salad, wrap, quesadilla, etc.  Cheesesteaks are not great though, very standard and dry.  Actually dissapointing.  Pizza tastes pretty good, but definitely not good Italian style pizza, more like bowling alley birthday party style pizza, lol!My order was 15 minutes late and they cut there phones off 30 minutes before closing every night. How can you call for an update on a delivery if you cut off your phones a half hour before closing. How do I know if my food will arrive and you already charge me... smhThe food here is not good. You may recall the glory days when the spring garden location was the sole establishment and every item on the menu was cooked to perfection. Those days are long gone. Save your money or give a new place a shot. Avoid all locations of City View.Solid food. I've had better pizza, but it's just ok. I never feel like the food is being mistreated or mishandled lol. If you are in need of some solid staple pizza store food, you can go wrong. Just don't expect the BEST.The salads are excellent crisp and large. The pizza however is always undercooked and soggy at the center. The toppings are incredibly abundant a result of too much sauce and if ordering anything with vegetable topping the same issue is even worse. Be prepared to pop the pizza on to your own preheated oven pizza stone and bake a bit more which helps. Or perhaps recook each slice in a non stick pan. Regrettably this is the problem which is a shame. Never ordered anything else beyond salad and pizza. In person service is hyper to order and takes a normal time to bring out. The and the staff are loud and live in their own world with annoying music and shenanigans. They are oblivious to how weird they come across.City view on North Broad st. is a pretty standard pizza place.  They have a nice selection of hoagies, salads, wraps, etc. along with pretty decent pizza.  I really don't have any problems with City View except for the delivery service.
When I order delivery, I expect the following things:
1. The food is brought to my door.
This is not a very long list and the standards are not difficult to adhere to.  When I placed a large lunch order for my group, the delivery driver decided to ignore all of the expectations I had and decided to park in the median of a 4 lane road, asking myself and my group to venture into the middle of the street to obtain our food.  This is during a ridiculously busy traffic time.
Let me paint a picture for you(yes I am ripping off Farzan):
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                  ____                                                   
                             __/__I__\__  -Delivery driver waiting in parked car.
                              :O -       -=O 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
      __               I  s     I -snake pit      __           I /. - traffic victim corpse   
  _/__ \__         I  S s I                     _/__ \__         o*o
  "O-  - =O        I Ss   I                    "O-  - =O             I  L 
-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  
      __                           __                           __
  _/__ \__                   _/__ \__                  _/__ \__
  "O-  - =O                 "O-  - =O                  "O-  - =O 
____________________________________________
      ___
      I    I
      I  oI    - Our door(Level Starting point)                                                
      I__I
Long story short, City View's food is pretty good but I don't like it when they play frogger with my life.  I would've seriously taken only 30 more seconds to come to the door.  All of the above rendering is to scale and extremely accurate.I decided to give this spot a try outside of my normal spots. I must say I was impressed, it's located on broad st . The customer service was good and the lines moved fast. I mean after going to the eagles Super Bowl parade people were everywhere but City view was prepared. The cheesesteaks were really good and a nice size. After getting my order I got a free one because someone didn't pick it up. I wish I would have taken a picture of before and after but I passed out from the itis lol......give this place a try!City View what's happening? I used to so look forward to your food, especially the potato skins. However this time around the skins were extremely dry and no care taken in the preparation. You guys used to pour cheese sauce into the potato now you just sprinkle cheese on top and put them in the oven. I can do that at home. Please take a long hard look at your recipes and their preparation or you will continue to lose frequent customers like me.I called to make an order for delivery and the gentleman I spoke with on the phone was the most pleasant person I have ever spoken to at a pizza delivery place. He even offered me the special to help me save money on my order. This is the type of customer service people expect and enjoy. Thanks for going above and beyond.Melt the damn cheese on the cheesesteaks for cry ing out loud! Other than that they're okI ordered a hoagie and fries with a soda and the meal was DELICIOUS!
However, no reflection on the mouth watering food, the "middle eastern"
(I think) delivery man left a LOT to be desired! Very sour and seemed
completely disgusted by ...whatever..I'm not sure. I love the food, so I tipped him just to lessen the change of bodily fluids in my future orders! His nasty and annoyed demeanor made this, otherwise great meal a lot less enjoyable...I wanted to inform him that, if he was the least bit more pleasant, 
I would have have given him a bigger tip...Come on man, customer service should not appear that painful!I mostly judge pizza places by the quality of their chicken salad. If one doesn't even offer chicken salad, I generally won't go there. City View, which is steps away from where I work, has chicken salad -- and it's advertised as homemade. It's also really good.
The one bummer thing about this place is that you can expect to wait. I get a half-hour lunch break -- period. It took 20 minutes to get my food, which means by the time I walked back into the office, I had just about three minutes to try to inhale the platter. It's also a bit difficult for me to call ahead.
In the future, I may stop back for dinner to bring home to avoid the rush factor.Awesome pizza
On time delivery
Double cut for kids
Wonderful surprise ending to school yearI ordered a Buffalo chicken pizza and my coworkers were so impressed they took photos of it. 
A grown man won't eat more than two slices. I think there is an entire chicken on there. 
Salads are filling and regular pizza is good too. 
Honestly though if I'm getting delivery from here it's Buffalo chicken.
No way to order drinks online. Minus one star. Figure it out people.I hope this review will get to upper management of this establishment. I've been going to City View for about 4 years. City View is very convenient because it is close to my job. Within the last month I've noticed changes in their customer service and food. Their pizza does not taste the same and the salad is not the best!! 
There are certain foods I can't eat due to restricted health.  I've ordered Ravioli with Alfredo Sauce multiple times from this establishment and it is delicious, I've sometimes ordered it with chicken and Shrimp and is often better tasting then Olive Garden.  I have ordered this dish multiple times without incident. Yesterday I was told I'm not able to get it because City View does not make changes to their menus and that I was incorrect and there was no way I would have ordered such a platter from there??? I was in disbelief that I was called a liar!!! 
Saddened I will no longer return to City View on N. Broad after visiting this spot 2-3 times a week after 4 years. I know is not Burger King we make it your way, I feel this situation could have been handle differently if management took the time to listen instead of arguing and playing detective. 
Management is taught to avoid a confrontation and most importantly to actively listen to what we're saying and not try to argue us down and show negative body language resulting in a tense situation and possibly causing a scene in front of other customers. 
Never settle for less especially if you're paying for something, if you do not receive what you ask for then take your money to another establishment that is willing to honor your request.I had the bbq chicken and the buffalo chicken pizza. It's pretty greasy, fairly cheap. Doesn't have much tomato sauce which I actually like, but might not be your thing. Crust is nice and crunchy. I would describe it as really good drunk food although I've eaten it sober. Several homeless people came into the restaurant while we were eating to ask for change which I didn't mind so much but this could be off-putting if this always happens. This is a great, quick stop for Temple hospital/ health sciences people.Pleasantly surprised by the cheesteak I ordered...It was huge and not greasy at all. Also ordered the bacon cheese fries which were awesome.  It was probably the 3rd best steak I've had in philly (Tony Luke's is #1).Twice I have ordered slices in advance thinking that they would be done or at least in the oven. WRONG. Both times my order wasn't in their system. First time I thought maybe I called the wrong number. Second time after being told they didn't have my order, I tested the number inside the pizza shop and they picked up. No point in ordering in advance...get a name if you do.So today was my 1st day ever going to this place... I go to CCP... So I decided to grab something quick two slices n a soda... While I'm waiting for the pizza a man comes out with a big white bucket full of boneless chicken that wasn't cleaned Bc it had fat n the slimy skin all over it mind U the bucket was nasty n filthy one thing I have to prep chicken carefully Because of the bacteria etc... Will never eat there again and I will be calling the health department because I could just imagine what's in the refrigerator...Tried the BBQ chicken Pizza - dammmmmmmmmmmmmmm
it was goodGood local shop for take out/grab a meal on the go (on my way home from work or before school). Great take out beer selection and tvs are always playing the game if you have to wait (which is like never). I don't care for the pizza, not enough crust or taste but the rest of the menu is spot on. Hot Wings, cheesesteak, charbroiled chicken sandwitches all great and the salads are BIG enough for 2 people. It's out my back door so it's always best in the neighborhood when I don't feel like cooking for myself.Ordered a cheese stromboli and Mac and Cheese bites. The Mac and Cheese bites were undercooked. The stromboli was really undercooked. See pics. Delivery was fast though. Which is probably due to how under cooked the food was. Amazing how many negative reviews on yelp with no response from the business owners. Bad way to do business.I think that City View Pizza could have one of the best Strombolis in the city,  Every one that I have order is enough to fee a family of 4 and then some.  The hoagies are really  good as well and you get your money's worth on them.  They are prompt and have a very clean dining area.  You can tell that they have a good business because at nearly any hour that they are open, someone is ordering food or already eating.   I would recommend this place to anyone in the city.Ordered here a couple of times when I need something to eat quickly. They do have really fast delivery so if you are starving and want something delivered quickly with no waiting then I suggest this.
I usually get wings or Chicken tenders from here. I ordered a couple days ago extra wet wings. I only like the flat parts and they said they do not do that unfortunately. I was kind of upset but decided to test my luck. They were nice enough to give me 1/2 flat and 1/2 drumsticks. They also put extra sauce on the side.
I have had their wraps too. They are ok. Come with a bag of chips and you can customize it how ever you would like so that is great.
I've also had their chicken Cesar salad, house salad, buffalo chicken salad. Great salads they are NOT shy on the chicken. And they stuff the container with a big salad. They do overwhelm the salad with chicken so eventually you are eating grilled chicken. But salad is big enough to eat twice. Hard to eat it in just one sitting.Per usual, never ceases to disappoint. Walked in at 9:35 PM and asked if they were open. "They" were the multiple cooks that were looking at me with a wild look. "They" said "NO" in union and proceeded to ignore me even though I said it's not 10 pm yet and I just wanted a plain pizza. Needless to say, not only will I NEVER come back here.. I will tell everyone and their mother about how rude everyone is at this dump. My only desire is that I could give them zero stars.Poor service and alright food. I went for a pick up and the front servers did seem like they were a little busy but I waited in like 10 minutes before someone even acknowledge me. Granted the customers in front were prepubescent boys who were trying to figure out their bill and did not know concept of credit and trifled their wallets to find a dollar or so. The cashier handling their order did not seem happy nor did her customer service reflected that. 
The place seems like a typical pizzeria and nothing fancy. They have a beer aisles, so it makes it more enticing to buy some drinks along side with wings or pizza. I ordered the pepperoni stromboli and it was satisfying.
Overall, don't think I'll frequent there often if I'm in a rush. If not, maybe to grab some food to accompany my drinks.Love this place, but an hour and a half for delivery?! I literally live at the end of the block!This particular location of City View has really let me down. I used to love this place but after what happened the other day, I will not be back. They get 1 star and that is for the food (and the food alone) because it honestly is really great, but their service is HORRIBLE! A friend and I went to City View on Monday night. From the beginning, the counter guy (I think his name was Perry) wasn't friendly at all. I ordered a large plain pizza and bacon cheese fries. I wanted to pay with my debit card. I had just gotten off work, so I had my card in my pocket. I pulled it out and went to pay. Perry asked for my ID (which I didn't mind because I applaud safe money handling procedures) but I had left my license and wallet in the car, so I told him I was running to go get it and I would be right back... Here is where all the problems ensue, I came back into the store less than a minute later to pass him my ID. He scrutinized my ID and debit card for at least 2 full minutes as if I had stolen someone's card... only to pass me my card, ID, AND RECIEPT back because he had ALREADY swiped my card through the POS while I was out front getting my ID. I do not support businesses that do not have safe money handling procedures, so it is safe to say, I will not be back to City View Spring Garden.I ordered their chicken caesar salad and it was a LOT of chicken, excellent caesar sauce....  First time I ate it, I had slight food poisoning.   I thought maybe it was something else. Second time, nothing.  Third time, even worse food poisoning.  I would stay away from the chicken at all costs.  It's too bad because they do season their chicken well enough.  (note - I do not have a weak stomach whatsoever.)  The chicken is pre-made, prob sitting outside and then when its ready, they toss and cut if on the grill and add it to your salad hot.  Either way, I'm not going to get it again.  I will buy the caesar dressing a la carte for .65 though because it really is good.  
So close to finding a good place near work.I specially called and requested that the pizza maker take his time and cover the pie with sauce and cheese, this what I get! See pic! Then I call to complain and I tell them of my grievances and this clown tells me it's standard to leave "2 inches to the edge". 2 inches??!! He says I'm sorry I feel the way I do, he offers no remedy, so that's it!
I will never order from City View Pizza again!Ones of the best places around college, the price is great. My favorite items are the plain and pepperoni pizza, the cheeseburger deluxe and the chicken wings are awesome.  Totally recommended!Terrible, rude and condescending customer service and greasy average pizza. Definitely subpar for a city view franchize. You are much better off to next door to Kellianns Bar & Grill for great food and drinks and nice service!Not much to say otherthan the food is great. Chicken BBQ pizza is awesome. Mild buffalo wings are ok. The wings a jumbo though not really my favorite type but I still ate them lol. I dont drink but this pizza store does serve beer also. The service was quick and the place is clean.The food is decent but it's sooo cheap and the portions are HUGE. I would visit again in a heartbeat.This City View is rarely my first choice for delivery, but it works when John's Place is closed and I need a quick break from Lazos.
When I worked in North Philly, City View was my spot, so maybe I just wore it out over time. Usually you can't go wrong with a cheesesteak, hoagie or club sandwich. I prefer the chicken cutlet club, but it needs bacon to firm it up. Maybe pass on the chicken salad. There are so many better chicken salads to be found in the city.
I ordered delivery yesterday and, according to the estimated arrival time, I still had half an hour more to wait. But then I looked at my phone, realized I had accidentally left it on silent and had six missed calls. So, be warned: You won't have to wait long for your food. They're efficient.
All around solid 3 stars for these guys.Out of desperation since I was stuck working really late last week, I ordered a cheese steak from City View Pizza.  I didn't have high expectations at all but man what a greasy mess.  Would up throwing out half of it.  
Mystifies me how this place continues to do such a brisk business when I walk by it although I guess it helps to have long hours with a wide selection of entrees with a bunch of students around.  Drunk people or students aren't exactly the pickiest customers.For reasons unknown to me, I think they have the best mushroom pizza in the world.  The crust isn't the best, but the sauce and the mushrooms make up for it. Tried their appetizer platter and it was a bit of a let down, but otherwise great pizza.Stopped in here for a quick slice on the way to work. The workers weren't particularly friendly but the pizza was surprisingly good. It's a little thicker than your average Philly pizza - not Sicilian thick by any means - but just enough so that it doesn't totally flop when you pick it up and has a bit more substance. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back but I'll recommend City View for those looking for a thicker slice.Visited this location tonight.  I had a gyro plate and my husband had the meat lovers pizza.  Large portions. Food is amazing.  Great selection.  I will be back! They sell beer as well!This location is run by incompetent employees who are unable to provide reasonable customer service. I called for a delivery order to my apartment, waited over an hour, and called back to check on my order only to be told that I am out of range for their delivery service. When I talked to their manager, he was completely unreasonable and rude, and twisted my words to make it seem as if I was the one in the wrong. I should have been notified initially that I was out of range of their services, in which case I would not have placed an order and wasted over an hour waiting for a pizza. The manager did not offer me any kind of compensation, was extremely offensive and rude, and hung up on me. About 20 minutes after he hung up on me, we received a free pizza delivered to us, and the delivery man said that they did indeed deliver to our area. There is a complete lack of communication at this location and misunderstanding about their own services. I advise against ordering from this City View Pizza location if you want to avoid a lot of confusion and frustration.I've ordered from them a number of times and even on busy times (like Friday and Saturday nights), they deliver really quickly.  The delivery guys are always nice and friendly.  The food is pretty good, too.  I haven't gotten their pizza too many times, but I do really enjoy it.  When you order onions, they use super thinly sliced red onions -- this little detail rocks my world.
A couple things you should know:
1. The phone guys are fast and sometimes rude on the phone.  To save yourself and them frustration, be completely prepared with your full order before calling.
2. Try the gyro, but skip the platter.  The feta never tastes fresh and the fries in the platter can sometimes be soggy.When I don't want to cook and need a delicious meal, it's City View Pizza Spring Garden for me and my family! I appreciate their friendly customers service, reasonable prices and quick delivery. Fond of their turkey burgers and grilled chicken steaks (hugs chunks of chicken.) Yum. Kudos City View Pizza! Satisfied customer.I have to admit that the steak Stromboli is awesome and the price is just right. The service was also fast and friendly. I'll be back again.I visted family in Philly this weekend. I Ordered delivery and the food was amazing..they offer huge portions of the pasta dishes. It was filled to the top of the container unlike other restaurants. Their burgers were also tasty and huge. I  Definetly recommend this restaurant.*THIS IS A REVIEW FOR PIZZA*
  I've been living in Philly for almost a year now, and every week or so I order a pizza from a different location.  So far, this place is my favorite.  I ordered twice since first coming across the Spring Garden location about a month ago.  The first was a large pepperoni with extra sauce.  Crust was cooked perfectly, crispy while remaining chewy.  Sauce was very flavoring, containing a lot of herbs and was slightly tangy.  Cheese was great and the pepperoni was plenty.  All together this piping hot pizza is some of the best I've ever had.
Second time around I ordered the Buffalo Bleu Cheese Chicken pizza.  The bleu cheese sauce actually has little chunks of bleu cheese, which is surprisingly very rare. Chicken was juicy and the hot sauce had a nice spicy kick.  This place is da bomb yessir.
Now listen y'all, I grew up in the Norristown/Bridgeport area, so you best believe I know good pizza (Little Sicily, Charlie's, Franzones, etc).  You can trust me on this place.
Let me know of whatchu think of the other menu items!  
                                                                         Thanks for reading, 
                                                                                                ChristianHad a craving for cheese fries so I found this place and order a plain Stromboli as well.
Took a long time to deliver, a little over an hour. The driver was on his cell phone laughing and talking to someone when he knocked on my door, put the pizza box in my hand and then walked away. I didn't even have time to ask about my fries. Luckily when he got back in the car he saw my fries and gave them to me. 
Cheese fries were not what I had hoped. I wanted delicious unnatural orange cheese all over them. I could barely find the cheese and all it really did was make the fries stick together. Maybe if you get the cheese on the side it turns out better. The Stromboli was huge, and I ordered a small. Could easily split between 2 people. That was pretty good, no real complaints or praises. 
Overall, 3 stars for the food. 0 stars for the driver. Get off the damn phone when you're driving and say hello to the person tipping you.So disappointed in the pizza! We got delivery and it wasn't even hot when we got it and their crust literally tastes like Elios pizza! Does not taste like real Italian pizza. Certainly won't be order from them again.On a recent Saturday night I ordered the small Stromboli.  If this is SMALL I don't think I want the Large.  I cut it in half and ate the rest the next night.
It was GOOD!I am amaze how it can be possible that a big business like this one has a poor service.  The food tastes ok since it is super greasy (fat always taste ok).  However,  their food tastes like they use cheap oil.  I think that what it bothers me the most  is the way how they treat people when you pick your food.  One of their obese employees always act mean and weird.  Their crew at the front desk seem to be miserable and in a real bad mood.  Not even a smile or nice greetings.  I know that I am only getting food but I wish they can treat people nicely and use less cheap oil since their food it is so unhealthy with a terrible service.The chicken salad hoagie is delicious!  Yes, current tense, I am typing one-handed right now.  It may be my favorite thing that I have tried on the menu.  The bread is perfectly chewy and fresh, the chicken tastes great and creamy, fresh tomatoes ans lettuce.  I'm eating the 2nd half of this sandwich (I did say JUMBO!) 2 days later and still really good!  Amazing!Ordered the italian hoagie. Now the thing about city view pizza. Is when you order off of grub hub, you can add many many toppings to your hoagie for free. So I ordered the works on this italian hoagie. The meat was decent quality, but the sheer amount of toppings and the presentation were excellent. I would def order again.Visited this location tonight.  I had a gyro plate and my husband had the meat lovers pizza.  Large portions. Food is amazing.  Great selection.  I will be back! They sell beer as well!Always have had a good experience with city view pizza. It's your standard pizza shop- good pizza, burgers, wings, apps.also your standard pizza shop in the sense of very overpriced 6-pack beer to go, but at least the last minute option is there if need be. It's my preferred take out place over all the other little shops in the area.It's a popular place for students in the area. I ordered pizza, cheesesteaks and fries.  Pizza was kinda burnt sadly but not tough luckily. The cheesesteak are good for a Philly cheesesteak. The place is small and cramp but nicely decorated. I do wish the staff who I ordered from was nicer. She seem more into talking to her friend then actually working.There is only 1 word to describe this place: JUMBO! I have eaten here many times as it is a close (location wise) favorite of a good friend of mine. I do not know why it took me so long to review this place or why it finally really hit me today that everything is jumbo, but there it is. 
Tonight I ordered the honey bbq wings (10 of them!) for a little over $6. I have been on a wings kick lately, and one of the other places I ordered 10 wings from was slightly more money. I thought to myself, they will probably be about the same size. Nope. I did say Jumbo, right? They were about 2.5 times bigger than the wings at the other place. They also gave about 2.5 times more bleu cheese dressing (although fewer chunks of cheese, I will admit). In addition, the other place forgot to give us celery, and they gave us a ton of celery, probably around 10 pieces. The wings were quite tasty with lots of sauce. 
Because, as mentioned above, I thought the wings would be small, I also ordered a chicken salad hoagie. The price was a little over $5, and I kept thinking, this is a chicken salad sandwich, because at many other eateries, this is the price for a sandwich. Nope. Jumbo. A full sized hoagie, I want to say a full foot. I am bad at estimating sizes, so please forgive me if I am wrong. I can not tell you how it tasted, because, as I am sure you guessed, I never made it to eating the hoagie. It is sitting in my refrigerator right now. I may update with more on the taste of the hoagie. Hopefully it will not be soggy. 
Although, I can not hold this against City View. 
I remember the strombolis we ordered from here on more than one previous occasion were extremely Jumbo. The first time, I was extremely hungry, but decided to split it with my friend. I repeatedly questioned his judgement to split the small sized stromboli. I really was extremely hungry. Plus, we are both big eaters; we can polish off a lot of food between the two of us (okay, separately too). The small stromboli came in a medium sized pizza box. I thought, what a waste of packaging. Turns out, the stromboli took up the entire box! I stuffed myself and still had enough for lunch the next day. It was also a very good stromboli!
Really great bang for your buck.  J-U-M-B-O!I work in the area and this is a frequent lunch spot for me.  It can get a little busy sometimes and if you are ordering a burger you are going to have quite a wait.  I would suggest calling in if you want to get a hot sandwich.
That being said, the pizza is delicious, and the burgers are fresh ground meat that is cooked to order.  No pre-made frozen patties.  Juicy and delectable.  If you order a house salad or regular caesar, it's only around $5 and it's HUGE!I would most likely agree with everybody that has written reviews of this place. The pizza really isn't much that stands out. It's the common, mass produced pizza that you'll find, although it is probably a step up from national pizza chains. It is definitely greasy, so if you like to blot your pizza cheese with a napkin plan to sit there for awhile. The taste itself isn't bad but agreed again with others, there are DEF better pizza shops in Philly. 
Now onto other foods, the salads they make are actually VERY good however I believe them to be completely over priced. The pasta dishes are very good, if not delicious and I would definitely recommend getting the stuffed shells with sausage. 
The daily specials are pretty good too which is usually what I go by when I order here, and delivery is always quick with about a 30 min window or less. 
If your looking for average pizza with grease stop on by, but if you want a little more then that keep on driving. Usually the lil mom and pop pizza places get it right on the money!!Ordered delivery and was extremely disappointed. 
Steak "stromboli" was a disgusting tasting, oversized, greasy panzerottii. NOT a stromboli at all. The "wing dings" were again, not true to their name. As far as I've ever known, wing dings are boneless chicken wings. These were just normal, bone-in chicken wings. We requested a side of ranch and BBQ sauce for wings, but only AFTER the order was placed, did the restaurant charge me another $1+ for the sauces. We didn't even have the opportunity to decline the sauces. If we had known this, we wouldn't have even asked for them in the first place! Only "decent" part of the food and service was a salad, but it's pretty impossible to mess up a ceasar salad. 
All in all - gross, greasy, misleading food and scammed us out of money with the sauces. Won't be ordering from here again.Their pizza and wings aren't very good. Pizza looks like it was made by a machine rather than a human. Too greasy, too much cheese, bland. This place would get one star from me if that was what this whole review was based on.
But the cheesesteaks aren't too bad for a pizza shop. Not out of this world great, but like 3 stars. If we have someone staying with us from out of town and they want a steak and we sure as hell aren't going out in this weather/this time of night/whatever, City View is a perfectly fine. We order them occasionally and they are delivered quickly.
So, it averages out to about 2 stars.Yawn...
Not bad. Not great. Good for a slice or two when I am in the neighborhood. Never really ordered anything else. The menu is fairly extensive, covering all the fatty food groups: cheesesteaks, strombolis, italian pasta dishes, blah, blah, blah... Prices are fair. Just a middle of the road pizza place. They just redid the interior, so it looks much nicer than it actually is; but that's cool, I like deception.
They sell beer. Nothing really great, but it is cheaper than the bar next door, so that's one thing you should know. Oh, and they give a discount to schools and church groups (I wonder if that applies to the beer...)A co-worker ordered their Greek pizza and it was so out of this world that the next day I ordered one of my own.  As I write this, I am eating a plain pizza and it was super satisfying after a busy morning.  
What struck me about the pizza was that is made in a perfect ratio:  perfect amount of sauce, cheese and crust.  The sauce is really delicious and I am not really a sauce person.  
Others before me have said that this is a greasy pizza.  And maybe it is.  But isn't all pizza, really?  I don't think it is greasier than the average pizza.
I have only gotten delivery and pizza so I can only comment on these things but I have been very satisfied and plan to order from them again and again and again!I am a big fan of city view pizza.  I ordered from the Olney Location and for the first time ever I was disappointed with my food. My bbq chicken pizza was burnt and the entire pizza was covered with bbq sauce (I guess to hide the burnt chicken).  This location needs better cooks!I haven't been here in about a year. I miss that ROCKIN 2x slice sausage pizza and Mountain Dew combo! When I used to go back in 07-08 that place would be packed around lunch time. All sorts of people in there too. I was so faithful when they saw me they already knew what time it was! To my dismay I dropped by at night one time and they told me that they only had sausage in the afternoon. They totally killed my buzz!
I got a burger and cheese fry combo once and didn't know what I was getting myself into. I was so full I had a hard time walking out. Also, I've never ordered the chicken ceasar salad, but they go so HARD on them. It's like a grilled ceasar factory in there! That's all I've really tried, but to get me back in there those slices of sausage are all I need. I admit it's greasy, but parmesan cheese and crushed peppers balance it out.
Last, I was going there when the recession hit and I noticed that even though I got the same thing all the time the price was slowly going up. Eh whatever... I LOVED IT! What's funny is that I tried the City View on Cecil B Moore and it was a disappointment. It wasn't rockin at all, but that one has a better rating! It's even a smaller store. Oh well.My roommate and I ordered City View last night. They delivered pretty fast, probably 25 minutes after we called. The pizza was very fragrant and full of cheese. The red sauce was sweet without being overpowering. The cheese was pretty good too. They spread on the toppings pretty thickly as well.  The crust was probably the best I've had since I moved out here. I think they used cornmeal, which I like better than the standard flour based crust.  My only complaint was a small one, in that it was a little greasy. Overall, a nice tasty pie that hit the spot.The pizza isn't that awesome but everything else on the menu is really good. In this aria you can't get anything better or faster for the low price. 
The main reason I like them is because they deliver very fast, faster then any place I have tried in the past 10 years. They are also very friendly.This place is convenient but unexceptional.  I sometimes work at the Colonnade Condominium and there are not all that many choices for dinner nearby.  The rolls are probably Amarosos and the pizza cheese just isn't all that.  Also, if you want a good fish hoagie, this isn't the place to get it.  The only menu item that I have found to be okay has been the steak stromboli.I gotta admit. I've lived in south philly all my life (33) years. And we have a lot of excellent pizzas here. But getting introduced to city view pizza by my girlfriend, I am blown away. Their pizza is incredible. If you're in the area of Springarden Ave. , give the pizza a shot. It's a little pricey but, you won't be disappointed!The very first time I ordered from City View, I did it online through their ordering site, not GrubHub. I got a call 2 minutes later and they told me "you know it's the Spring Garden location" and I said "yeah" and that was that. It's nice because they have multiple locations and people probably accidentally place orders at the wrong location more often than not.
Nothing mind blowing, it's basically your run-of-the-mill pizza place. I do think their bacon cheese fries are delicious and may cause you to go into cardiac arrest. I've tried the barbecue pizza. Quite good, but have had better. The lamb gyro platter comes with a very large salad, which was basically a greek one. It made for a nice lunch the following day. The chicken wings were meh. The service when walking into the place is hit or miss as far as friendliness. The stromboli. OMG, that thing is like a small child. The small size would do. If you can eat the whole thing in a sitting, more power to your stomach.Cheese steak and Hawaii pizza are what I ordered every time when I'm craving for them. This place provides great food. Beef is tender and juicy with fried onion and cheese very nice.Really tasty pizza and super speedy delivery.  I highly recommend the BBQ chicken pizza: huge chunks of moist chicken along with a really flavorful sauce make it a winner!Standard pizza shop food however the quality is top notch. The portions are extra big and I am always super full after eating here. I highly recommend their salads, they are huge and come with all sorts of veggies. Check the menu every day has some sort of special.I was in the city on Sunday and we decided we wanted something that was quick and inexpensive. City View Pizza was about two blocks away so we stopped in and ended up ordering 2 items and shared. My companion had a Penne Pasta with sliced Italian sausage covered in cheese. I ordered a small pie with Pepperoni, Mushrooms and Onions. 
The pizza here is a right down the middle of the road utility pie. With just a little work they could have have a 4 star or higher review if they used better toppings. The dough, sauce and cheese were perfect. So was the pepperoni. However the onions were way to raw and the mushrooms had seen better days. 
Next time I'll just go with the basic. Less is better here even though they give you an abundance of toppings.
Her pasta dish was delicious. It was pretty basic and to the point. My only complaint with it is that it was a skosh light on the sauce. I liked the Italian Sausage which can be a real hit or miss in most places.  
Since we dined in I want to say while the place was small it's comfy and very clean. The staff was jovial and very helpful. They took care of us so kudo's there. 
If you're looking for something better than a factory pizza from one of the big chains, take a walk over or call them up and they'll deliver.I give this place 5 stars easily and I can't say that for too many places! great food every time no matter what I get! clean restaurant which is hard to find, and a reason to not experiment with other places, friendly staff and service is top notch. best spot in the city for pizza places hands down. oh it doesn't hurt that they have a plethora of beer to pick from.I recently began a new job and have been trying out the restaurants in the area. I heard alot and have seen alot if delivery from here. I have been here twice and everything has been delicious. Had a variety of pizza here for a catered event and it tasted delicious especially the supreme. The next time I tried the deluxe cheeseburger lunch special and it was huge and satisfying. My co-worker gets the buffal wings and they smell great. Overall, everything tastes flavorful, service is quick and food is well priced especially considering its prime location. The only downside is that their eat in area is small and clean but no ambience. Good for delivery or a quick lunch break in Spring Gardeb or Center City area.Best buffalo chicken and bbq chicken pizzas I've had in the city! Flavorful, really good spicy and seasoned chicken for the buffalo, BBq is tangy love it!Delivery is pretty quick!  Polite professional when taking your order. Food is good. My turn on was going to this place and it was very clean!I wouldn't recommend their pizza - way too cheesy. But the sandwiches and wraps are great. Plus they sell beer! However the staff is pretty rude.I've been to City View about a million times since I've lived around the corner [mostly due to the fact that they sell 22 oz. beers and 6-packs, and my boyfriend is a borderline alcoholic, hehe]. They have about a million people working there, so service is always super-quick. And honestly, I've never had anything from City View that didn't satisfy me. They're not amazing or anything, but you can definitely walk into that place and be sure that whatever you get, it'll be good. If you don't believe me, ask ANY COP IN PHILLY. Inevitably, you will find at least 1 cop there [most of the time, more] grubbing down, no matter what time of day. 
Why did I only give it 3 stars? Their prices. They're a little crazy. I ordered 5 chicken fingers and some curly fries with cheese on the side the other night, and it cost me $12 to have it delivered [and as I mentioned, I live around the block from them [[side note: I'm not that lazy -- it was raining!!]]]. A friend from out of town got a roast beef hoagie with extra meat the other day and it cost him $10. That's just far too much for "good" fast food. If it's going to be that much, it had better be some gourmet shit. But... I still go back. :)Out of all the pizza shops in the area I wouldn't come here unless it was a last resort seeing as how the prices are a bit steep and the overall attitude of the place seems a bit nonchalant. They could careless if you ordered from them or one of the big 3. The pizza is mediocre at best but the sauce isn't too bad. Only upside of this place is if you wanna grab quick take out after you pick up an order they make that easy.The counter person acted like he couldn't hear me so I had to yell my order to him several times which got annoying real quick, and the food wasn't great to be as pricey as it was ($12 for a BLT, cheese fries and a soda? I could of have had a $5 fill up box at KFC for that amount...haha). Anyway, I won't return.Great team, great food. The portions are big, the food is good and the staff always friendly and knows your name - despite always being busy.1  Pepperoni Stromboli  $ 9.00
1  Veal Parmesan  $ 7.00
Doesn't really get much better than this.
The roll was crunchy and nicely toasted. Sauce was savory and delicious. Veal was breaded and very crispy. Lots of cheese. 
The pepperoni Stromboli...I don't know how they give you something this delicious for only 9 dollars.... It's HUGE and heavy. So much cheese! Make sure to ask for a side of marinara. Not because this is isn't already oozing with sauce, but because you probably wont be able to finish it and when you reheat it up in the oven it's best to open this thing up and refill it with sauce.
5/5 easily.Now that I'm living in a new neighborhood, I've got to check out all of the cool pizza places nearby.  I ordered delivery from City View last weekend, and it was pretty darn good.  Nice and cheesy.  I'd order from them again, and the delivery was lightning-fast.Mediocre food and even worst customer service. Phone girl was rude when taking my order for delivery. I have ordered several times however this was the worst service provided by far during this experience. The drivers normally bring out hand held credit card machines however the phone girl stated that we had to give card over the phone. When I questioned and stated she had to give me a second to get the card because I am use to having the driver provide the machine she became rude and hung up on me. When I called back she stated she deleted my order, which I do not know why because I was providing a card number. I had to reorder my food and as I gave the card numbers she asked if I would be providing a tip for the driver. I stated I would write one on the receipt and that she could finalize the order. The phone girl continued to become rude and lie stating that there was no tip line which again is false because I have ordered from the store previously. She then mumbled to a male on the other side of the phone "do you wanna talk to her" and then quickly threw they phone down because I heard the banging as the phone dropped. A male gets on the phone and I began to explain to him how unprofessional and rude the girl was at providing a good customer service experience. He stops me n mid sentence cutting me off and stating that the girl "was not rude". One how can you tell me as a customer that my experience was not rude. Two as a paying customer if I think the service was not up to par I am allowed to say they are unprofessional and not have some one argue with me. The fact that the male argued with me proves the unprofessional demeanor and unsatisfactory customer service that was provided during this experience. The experience overall was unprofessional and horrible. I would recommend they work on there hiring system to make sure they are able to provide quality customer service at a better level for the future.This is a review strictly for their salads. I have had their grilled chicken salad here multiple times. There is no way anyone can finish the whole salad in one sitting. I have yet to conquer it, and I am totally okay with that. I buy it for lunch and end up finishing it for dinner. The grilled chicken is plentiful, covering the whole of the container. The salad is always fresh and crisp, which just enough of everything you need. 
For $8, the size of this salad is so ridiculously worth it. You'd think the amount of dressing they give you isn't enough, but it is a perfect amount. Very delicious salad.Atrocious experience. I ordered the pasta with extra meat sauce and curly fries with cheese on the side. Nothing was good. The "meat sauce" was nothing more than old, burned up hamburger. That's not "meat sauce"...it's a desperate and obvious attempt to recycle meat meant for other dishes. The curly fries were damp and lumped together. They lack any taste whatsoever. 
To make matters worse, the order was screwed up twice. First, I ordered extra meat sauce, not extra cheese. They piled on so much cheese it was a rubbery canopy of greasy mess. I needed a steak knife to pull it away from the pasta like a dead animal hide. The cheese for the curly fries was requested on the side. Although I did get a separate tub of cheese, they clearly didn't realize I requested it on the side until they started pouring. They didn't even bother to replace the fries! They left the telltale cheese drippings on the top and just put the rest in the tub. Total lack of any pride in the order. 
I'm not one to trash a place online, but considering that I live within 1/2 mile of at least 14 pizza restaurants, this really pissed me off.I thought that Fairmount Pizza had the best wings in the area until I had City View the other day. They are by far superior. I had both the honey BBQ and hot, and they give you plenty of blue cheese. Anyone who likes  wings, I absolutely suggest this place. 
Their pizza is quite good as is their sandwich selection and they have beer to go! I'm glad I found this neighborhood gem.I have been here twice and it has been very good both times. got the sausage peppers and onion both times I am from NJ and we are pretty snobby about pizza, having said that City View knows what they are doing. The people working there arent very friendly or nice, and may even seem annoyed that you are there ordering in front of them, but the pizza comes out fast and it is worth it. I will be coming back when I am in the areaThis place had the best veggie pizza I've ever had. The buffalo wings were really good too. Delivery was quick. This is my new favorite pizza place for sure.1  Grilled Chicken Stromboli  $ 10.25
Subtotal $10.25
Tax $0.94
Delivery Fee $1.50
Tip $1.27
TOTAL $13.96
Now let me preface this thing by saying that this stromboli is HUGE. I couldn't finish it, and I'm fat. (When I order with friends I usually order a whole large pie for myself.) I almost finished it, I was close, but I didn't. The dough was soft on the inside and crispy on the outside. Loaded with sauce and cheese. Excellent, easily 5 stars for the price. 
Pro-Tip: Ask for breaded chicken instead of grilled. It's the same delicious chicken they use for their chicken parm. Also ask for sauce on the side for dipping. The stromboli comes with sauce on the inside, but gluttony is only one of the 7 sins. 
Note: This isn't REALLY a stromboli. It's an American stromboli--meaning that it's a  calzone with meat,mozzarella,pizza sauce.Buffalo slice at $3 is a great deal for this area! They chop their chicken fresh but the dough seems pre-made though. The large portions of chicken definitely makes up for it. The bbq slice is slamming too! The counter lady is always friendly. 
Pro tip:
There is extra seating off to the right side.Went here once and had a cheesesteak that was only OK, but did the job because I was hungry. Tonight, I came home tonight to hear my roommates were ordering pizza. Having only ever gotten pizza in the area from Fairmount Pizza, I just sat back and let them pick the pizza joint we'd go with.
We got a buffalo chicken and a Greek pizza. The buffalo chicken is dank and I am in love The Greek pizza has way too many black olives and the feta isn't stellar, but it's not bad. Definitely a fan of the buffalo chicken. It had real chunks of chicken breast -- not the shaved pieces I've seen most other places -- and there was the perfect ratio of buffalo sauce and a creamy ranch-tasting sauce to balance out the heat. We also unexpectedly received a free 2 liter bottle of Pepsi -- none of which I'll drink, but hey, thanks for free stuff!
Delivery was fast after conveniently ordering online. Would go with them again, if only for the buffalo chicken pizza.The pizza was pretty good, but nothing special. I tried the barbecue chicken and the white pizza...I thought the pizza had too many toppings, which made the pizza hard to eat!I'm never dissatisfied after ordering from here.  The wings are pretty solid and the pizza is actually pretty freaking great.  The only reason I'm not giving it 4 stars is because I'd feel weird rating it the same as restaurants like Mercato.  But when you're in the mood for carry out or delivery pizza, this usually hits the spot.
The best thing about this place is how much chicken they put on their pizzas.  Whether it's a BBQ chicken pizza or a chicken cheesesteak, you'll get a filling pizza.
The beer selection is actually quite nice for takeout beer cooler, but it's far overpriced (which is to be expected).  Be ready to pay $14 for a 6-pack.I used to frequent CityView on Cecil B for years and everything was great!!  Now after switching jobs, I am near CityView Spring Garden.  I ordered for the first time today and it was terrible.  The staff person on the phone was curt, rude and hung up on me.  I called back several times to get his name, but it was busy.  I ordered the chicken quesadilla.  It came with no jalapenos and salsa in place of pico de gallo.  Also, it was ice cold!  The chicken had no flavor whatsoever and the tortilla was overcooked and almost burnt.  My office mate ordered the grilled chicken salad and she said her chicken was very dry and there wasn't very much lettuce.  Very disappointing, especially since the other CVs are so good.  I will not be going back to this oneLast time I came here, some months ago, I had the philly cheesesteak - it was quite good.
This time around, I figured I would try the pizza. Sadly, I didn't find the pizza to be very enjoyable. The chicken on the buffalo slice was sort of strange - not sure how to really describe it. The cheese and sauce were alright, but the crust definitely left something to be desired.
The employees are always very nice and the price is definitely reasonable. I just can't recommend the 'za.