Loved the atmosphere and the waitress was superb! We came with a large party and she did an awesome job with our drinks and food orders. I'm not sure how she managed to keep it all straight but was even able to correctly separate our bills at the end of the night. Pleasant staff and good food. I will definitely be back.Happy Hour has no food specials. A couple wines at $6 but strictly limited pours. Atmosphere vibrant. Your move....Great tap list and excellent service.  Our server was on the spot whenever we needed something (dropped fork, the next pint, etc).  Good burger too - the ability to add a fried egg was a nice plus.  Wish it was Wednesday so we could have had the Berkshire pork.Came in here randomly for a drink and to catch a basketball game but ended up having the best Brussels sprouts I've ever had. Do not miss these!This place is ideal if you want to stop in for quick drink and appetizer and watch sports. Inside there's a main dining room area and 2 bars on opposite ends. This place also has a very decent beer menu, as well and cocktails and wine. I recommend the wings, as the seasoning is sweet and has a kick to them!Nice beer selection, outdoor dog friendly seating and good food. The inside restaurant is beautiful and it seems like a great place to watch sports (large projector screen with TV above the bar).I love love love the original location, so I was absolutely thrilled to hear City Tap would be coming to logan square (much easier to get to from the train!). They have good beer, good food, and an overall great atmosphere. While I am sad that this location doesn't have fire pits like the original, I hope to frequent this location in the future for happy hours and nights out.I went here late one night months ago with friends and have been meaning to write a positive review since! After putting it off, I'm finally making sure to do it. That's how much I liked this place. We arrived to a very warm welcome from the bartenders as if they new us as a regular customers forever and got some free welcome shots from a very friendly bartender who's name I can't remember. The staff was attentive and a lot of fun. Would definitely recommend you go here if you're in the area!The food is just OK. It does not worth four stars. I had an unhappy experience with the waitress there. I do not recommend.This was my first time here since this became tap house and I must say I like it. I've been to the one in university city a couple times and while I do like this location I prefer the logan square one since it's in a ideal location which is near center city. 
This place is very ideal for fans as there are TVs located pretty much everywhere one looks, including one huge flat screen which is mounted above the bar. The food is what one will typically Find in a bar ie wings and nachos. The main highlight on the food part was the pulled pork nachos as it had this nice cheese sauce that went well with every bite of the nacho. 
All in all, it depends on what you are coming in for. If you are coming in for watching sports, having some good beer and decent food then this is the place for you. The atmosphere is inviting and the wait staff are friendlySat at the bar on a business trip solo. Ordered the avocado and grapefruit salad with rare ahi tuna add on. It was a $22 salad with that combo, but I will tell you that it was literally with every penny. The dressing was light and perfect for this salad and the  grapefruit gave it a kick with the avocado mellowed it out. Arugula is my absolute favorite salad green so this salad was just heaven on a plate. The tuna was prepared perfectly and was flavorful.  Lots of people in here on a Tuesday, good sign that it's a good place to be. 
If you're a beer drinker they do have a phenomenal list with a great variety to choose from. Overall a good dining experience and I'll definitely be back.Had the mango Belgium wheat which was awesome! Another friendly bartender and another good time. Their beer selection is really unparalleled in Philadelphia - four stars only because I feel like their food menu leaves a bit to be desired.The food is pretty good, customers more service could be worked on as far as attentiveness.  Good enough for a nicer sports barI stopped in here Saturday with 10 friends while in Philly for the weekend of the 4th of July.  Let's just say we stayed a while, the bar tab was $750 before the tip!  Hey, no judgement zone here since our hotel was just within walking distance. We ordered beers & appetizers & plenty of mixed drinks. The service was excellent.  The servers were very friendly and accommodating.  The beer selection is what drew us in, the atmosphere & service kept us there. This will be a regular stop on our trip itinerary when ever we visit the City of Brotherly love for the weekend.Underwhelmed at best. 40 tap beers, only one from PA. Bartender didn't know his beer types, guy next to me ask for a local IPA, he suggested a Sam Adams. 
I didn't try the food, 
Bartender seemed like he was too cool to be working there.
I'm not going backSecond time there. Both times dissatisfied with the food. The food is extremely expensive. Three 2 inch tacos $13. Fries $7. The waitress even warned me that the tacos wouldn't be enough food before she brouguy them out. She was right! The food is just not worth the price. My friend ordered the organic chicken salad sandwich and it was horrible. She had to send it back and get something else. Not sure about the drinks but you may need one to deal with the prices.Went here for a late lunch and wasn't impressed at all. The best thing I can say is thankfully for a tap house the beer selection was very good. But if you have someone in your party that's not a beer drinker and prefers cocktails you may want to choose another place. Our server was very nice but it took forever to get our drinks. Actually our appetizers were out before we even go our drinks. We had the crab Mac and cheese and Korean BBQ tacos both were very good. Two of our party got burgers, one veggie and one tap house burger. Both said that the burgers were ok and they've had better elsewhere. Another in our party had the pork hash and thought it was dry and felt like it was missing something. I had the chicken and waffles which I didn't like. First off I'm pretty sure it was fake fried where they lightly bread it with bread crumbs and cook it in the oven. And it wasn't like you got a wing and a thigh, they were almost like extra large chicken strips. The syrup didn't really have any flavor and it came with an herb butter but whatever the herb was it didn't taste right with the dish. This is definitely a place I wouldn't go back to.Am not sure why it is so surprising to me that I like this place. Perhaps it is because Public House (same company) was so horrible or because the West Philly Tap House is always too loud and chaotic. 
The food is great! The beer list is extensive (with a whole list of excellent ciders!) The meat comes from a local farm and the plates all seem to be crafted with a lot of care. 
I've gone twice and both times had fun servers with great energy. Their entire team seems prompt and friendly and I think that is probably a sign of good management. 
They have a HUGE tv, which is a bit distracting for a nice dinner, but would be great for a game. The place can be really noisy during happy hour, but when you're tucked away in booths, the noise level seems fine.It's a good place to hangout after work. Like way nicer than Pagano's for sips. Much more civilized. 
The have a goofy menu, with a lot of options. I was really in a mood for a burger, which was actually very good. 
Nothing disappointed, but there was also nothing to draw me back again really.Super delicious brunch! I had a toasted pecan Belgium waffle with peach compote and chantilly cream! The molasses syrup they served it with was amazing but the dish was tasty with or without it. Highly recommend. Also, friendly and fast service.Visited the City Tap for dinner as it was one block from my hotel. Great selection of beers and the menu is varied enough for a bar. Had the ribeye steak and fries; great skinny fries! Very reasonably priced as well.Completely renovated, great food, fantastic decor and super nice service staff. Definitely coming back many timesVery good meal.  Was here last night and the food was hot and fresh.  My only complaint was the mussels that I ordered was a little salty.  Other than that the shrimp and grits, steak and drinks were excellent.  Service was Top notch as well.
Would recommend.Got to give it up to this place.  Took the family there while staying at the Logan next block over.  Best burger I've had in a LONG time.  The mussels (Abigail style) were great too.  Wife enjoyed her tuna.  Matter of fact, I kept saying how shocked I was at the food quality (at least in our experience at "brewery places".)
Kudos to our server for giving us a heads up on the kids menu pizza.  Definitely large enough to split with our two single digit age boys.  Manager came by to check up.  Place is lively for sure but we were seated in a booth away from the bar.  Would definitely come back and gets a recommendation from me.  
BTW - definitely book via Opentable.  I thought we could just walk in around 6 pm but nope.  Waited about 30 mins or so back at the Logan when I got their text message our table was ready.I'm tapping out! I need a sub for this meal. That's how I felt for the City Tap House burger. It was really dry and not tasty. The burger split up into a few pieces and the bun did not help either. It reminded me of an over priced Burger King sesame seed bun. The burger itself was around $15 and I do not feel the price and quality match. I would be okay to pay that at a Shake Shack over here. Granted, the kitchen was closing up so I guess they could've rushed the order. I ended up buying another burger at a different location just to cover up the bad taste left by this burger.
I would recommend going there for drinks at least. Their lemon larger was refreshing and good. The prices and variety are a big selling point. Other than the beer choices, I don't plan to order food from this location. The location in University City seems to have better food than the actual city. 
Overall: 3 (Rounded)
Food: 2
Service: 3
Price: 3
Atmosphere: 3If you're looking for a lively bar scene, good food, and craft beer, you've found your spot.  Friendly bar staff that actually remembered us from the year prior.  It's a go-to spot for us during marathon weekend.  Have the pretzel and if they have the pumpkin ale... get it!Sat at the bar and enjoyed a delicious baked chicken w/ garlic cloves and spinach. Sports bar atmosphere with music and huge monitors behind the bar. Updated menu offers crab cakes which look worth a try.A DJ spun tunes for the evening from a booth by the door. Transitions were seamless and volume was loud, but one could converse over it with a slight raise of one's voice.
Drink selections were copious and pours were good.
Dessert choices were limited. Wound up going with the deconstructed s'mores. The chocolate portion was the texture and taste of a cheap chocolate candy bar formed in a ramekin (i.e., waxy and almost tasteless). The marshmallow was spread out over the plate and browned: tasted like a marshmallow. The "graham cracker" was made of crumbled gingerbread, which tasted slightly stale, but helped balance the marshmallow's overly sweet quality.Excellent service.  My waitress, Jamie recommend two excellent locally brewed beers from the many available on tap.  Also she recommended the mustard glazed scottish salmon "BLT" that was great and paired well with the Victory Moving Parts 04 Wheat IPA.  All in all a great meal.Amazing brussel sprouts! Crispy and flavorful!
Ordered the chicken and waffle. Chicken was over cooked and dry. Waffle was cold and soft. 
Service was ok. 
Disappointed.Food, service and atmosphere were all good. For a tap house they don't give you any time to review the beer selections and make a decision.Great place to watch the games on Sunday! Twelve screens, good beer, pretty good food = FUN!Went here on a Sunday morning for brunch. They serve beermosas which is similar to mimosas except they substitute champagne with a light beer instead. The drink menu was expensive though. We had a new waiter and the waiter forgot to give me my iced tea, I had to ask for it after we received our main dish. As for the main dish, I also did not receive it when the other main dishes were brought out. The manager came over about 10 minutes later and apologized and said that they would pay for my order since it will take several more minutes for my dish to come out. I thought that was very nice of them. After 10 more minutes of waiting, I finally received my roast pork sweet potato hash dish. The dish was ok, seemed to be lacking salt, but they gave a very generous portion. The entire staff though was very friendly. And I would not mind trying this place again, I just will pick a different dish the next time.This is the premier sports bar in Center City. The beer menu is awesome, and the pub food is well executed. The TVs are huge and they always have sports on. Great place!Nice bar. Didn't eat. Had a good selection of brews. Bartenders very friendly and helpful. Not a lot of people here. But it is 3pm on a Saturday. Bathroom is interesting. It's co-ed with private toilets. As a man I have no problem. But men are slobs and I imagine it's not a pleasant experience for a woman.This restaurant had great atmosphere and good service. The corn dip was amazing. It also had a wide variety of beers to choose from.Some like it cold, and if you like food that's been sitting so long that the cheese has congealed into hard wax and it's reached room temperature, you'll love this place. Anyone else should reconsider. Take-out service was horrible -
unfathomably long wait. The host was profusely apologetic, which I appreciate, but I really would have rather had my food delivered to me while it was still hot.I stayed in Philly for a night with my fiancé and we loved this local spot. The atmosphere is great, food is delicious (especially the pizza!) and service is extraordinary. They made a mistake on my food and made me a whole new pie without any hassles. Since we were celebrating our engagement, they even gave us dessert and champagne on the house. Reasonably priced and great place to go with friends, I highly recommend it to everyone!!!!First of all the place smells like stale beer that has spilled on a floor and not been cleaned in 2 weeks.  But ok so luv beer all still ok.  But I have a gluten allergy and told waitress this,  so I told her no croutons in sale.  But then they serve me sale with breaded shallots.  Ok I send back and ask for new sale without.  20 minutes still no salad.  My entire party now is almost done with meal, so I cancel my dish.  I tell manager how the nite was ruined and his response was to give 6 bucks off bill.  Not exactly a make up for me being starved a ruined nite.On a rainy Wednesday with a group of six we decided to get a table. The atmosphere when you go in may be a bit overwhelming for those who are not used to loud music. It was a crowd of 30 something and up professionals with best dropping base dropping music. We were practically yelling the whole time but the place was very appealing in decor.
We were promptly seated which was very nice. The food we ordered ranged from grilled veggies to mussels to burgers. Let's start with the grilled shishito peppers. The skin was just too tough and it wasn't appealing texture wise, the aioli sauce was a little underwhelming. It was like Eating edemame without the skin peeled.
Next I had the burger and it was actually delightful and had a truffle mayo that helped balance the whole burger. It had good texture, great crust, and good balance. Only thing I wish I knew was that it was truffle mayo- I'm not the biggest fan of truffle.
Then we had the pancho mussels which were nice and cooked well. The only thing I would say is the broth was heavy, cheesy and a bit too much. Maybe too salty
In the end it was a bit pricey, a bit loud, and a bit underwhelming bc the staff wasn't the friendliest. 
I would encourage this place though if you like happy hour and drinks with a young crowd.I had an IPA beer which might have been the best glass of beer I ever had! The personal pizza I had was not up to the quality of the beer however and was just okay. Service was excellent. Liked the overall atmosphere and ambiance.It's funny how it all comes down to one guy. 
I was here for a few hours, decided I should bring something home to go. I had a train about 20 minutes later. No problem, right? So I order something that takes normally about 10 minutes. 
I order it. Wait. Drink with friends. Say goodbye. 15 minutes pass. I go to the bartender I placed my order with. He says he'll check up on it and I follow him. He says "It'll be right out".
There is a window where we can see what the chefs are doing. I mention to this chef "Is that the Margherita to go?" "I'm working on it!" he replies with attitude as he goes to slowly (AND I MEAN SLOWLY) peel prosciutto from the wax paper. Oops, drops one. Ooops, drops two. Still takes his time
"I'll take it without the basil leaves"
"Ugh, fine"
He walks to the back of the kitchen. A couple minutes pass. Train leaves in about 2 minutes. I can still make it if he wraps it up.
He brings forward a bag of arugula and begins making a salad. "I'll take it as is!" I insist and he finally (and at a pace that would bore a sloth) boxes it up. I miss my train. Thanks asshole.
1. He knew I was in a rush. 
2. He had the pizza ready to go immediately (without basil)
3. He takes his time, with a paying customer waiting on him, getting a completely different (second order) ready to go
4. Gives a shitload of attitude
If you see the pizza chef with finger tribal tattoos and attitude, beware. That guy is a fucking asshole. If I see him again, I'm walking right out with two choice fingers towards him. 
A shame because EVERYONE ELSE WAS PERFECT. If that guy were gone, I will gladly come back.Food was absolutely delicious. Appetizers, salads, and mains were all great. We ordered a bunch and split them all. There are some different plates on the menu that you don't see everywhere which was also cool. 
Service was a little young/green with staff forgetting drinks and other requests but nothing tremendously detrimental to the experience. Go there!We had an opportunity to visit here for dinner without children, which itself, is a five star experience. I'd give Papaya King in Manhattan 5 stars if I wasn't with my kids. Anyway, City Tap House. It met my main criteria, vegetarian options for my partner in crime, Mrs Sam H, and a decent selection of beers to keep me happy. 
We split the mac and cheese minus the crab. It was not top notch but I think that the crab was supposed to be the star of the dish and leaving out the major component most likely took away from the potential of the dish. I let that pass. We got the mushroom pizza and it was good. The crust didn't seem coal oven-ish, but all it all it was good. The star of the night was the charred brussel sprouts. Excellent flavors and a wonderful texture, HOWEVER, be warned, they do not travel well. We took an order to go, along with a margherita pizza and unfortunately, after a little while in a take out container, the mushiness took over and they were no bueno.
The margherita pizza was also good, not spectacular but respectable, especially taking into account the fact that they are not a pizza place. The staff was really welcoming and friendly and the prices are reasonable. I would definitely go back for more.Within walking distance from the Comcast Center, my co-workers and I decided to go to City Tap House for lunch. We ordered some appetizers (Corn and Crab Hush-puppies and Ten Spice Wings) to share. The hush-puppies tasted like a mini crab-cake with a pond of aioli sauce beneath. The wings had a nice dry rub to it that wouldn't make you tired of eating it. I ordered their house burger with bacon, asked for medium rare and it came back a little burnt and at least medium. The fries were more than I could eat but they were decent, coming with an aioli dip and of course ketchup.
The server did his job throughout the first part of our visit, but when it became crowded, he was almost nowhere to be found. It probably took us about 11 minutes to get our check and another 4 minutes for him to get the check.
TLDR - Appetizers were good, burger was meh, service was okay
I'll need to try this place again and come here for drinks in the eveningBest bar in center city to catch a game. I'm not sure that I would call it a sports bar but I'd rather go here than anywhere else. It's on the pricier side but with the large portions and great food it's well worth it. I've been here numerous times for dinner and have never been dissapointed. Service can be hit or miss but recently excellent.
Opted to try brunch here since every place in CC was booked. I ordered the shrimp and grits and man, was it a great decision.  The collard greens were perfectly cooked with a nice little crunch. They have a nice bacon and slight vinegary taste to it. Grits were super creamy and cheesy. Shrimp had a nice kick to it. It was a huge portion and I could only finish half of it. 
Im also a huge fan of the Bloody Mary's here. Nice heat to it with layers of flavor. Nice sized beer selection with draft, bottles, and cans. Highly recommend this place if you're looking to catch a game and want great food.Excellent.  Great service, great food, and a great place to watch football.  The bartender Chris S. made it an even better experience.Top notch beer bar and gastropub. Highly recommend the roast pork italiano sandwich. Lots of craft beers and draft plus huge seating for groups or to watch sports. Think of a higher end Field House.I typically go out to eat for an experience, more than what the place represents. City Tap House fulfills that need. This came as a result of my latest visit to CTH; I was lucky enough to have been served by a savvy bar tender- Diana G. She is more than a bartender , she possesses visceral knowledge about the various types of beer, glass types, and even the quality of the water that render certain regional beers exceptional in taste and nuance.Online they advertise $2 off draught beers for happy hour; however they do not apply this discounted price automatically. It required us to confront the bartender twice, in order for them to uphold their special. The atmosphere was lively and their beer list was quite extensive; however it seemed every beer we wanted was kicked. On the plus side the bathrooms were really nice and clean.Stronger bar kudos than restaurant. While the food was good,  the portions were small, and they were quite pricey for the selection. I came here with my sisters during a blizzard because it was the closest restaurant to our hotel, but it is not a great place for kids. Not a negative comment to the restaurant, just an FYI. The bar feeling pervaded even the separate furthest separated dining area. 
Something that made me VERY uncomfortable were the unisex bathrooms. There wasn't a door blocking the bathroom from the bar area, just a long hallway that led to several stalls. I expected something classier from a place as well maintained and contemporary as this.Everything grossly overpriced. Drinks were weak. Hummus was decent. Steak and chicken were both mediocre at best. Waited 45 minutes for a table due to 3 private functions having 75% of the location but not actually using he tables. Seems most go for the drinks not the food. Half the items we wanted they were out of despite it being fairly early in the evening.We had our wedding rehearsal dinner at City Tap House in Logan Square and had a great experience with Devin and team. They were very organized and worked with us to stay in budget while keeping our party size and preferences in mind. She was able to help us select the best options for our group and was flexible with us when we ran into some delays the day of. Plus, the food was AWESOME and the private room was perfect for our group. Highly recommend for events! In addition to our rehearsal dinner, I've been on site numerous times for casual dinners and happy hours and corporate events -- consistently a great experience, great service, and a great menu.Great beer selection and I highly recommended coming in on Tuesday to get the chicken and waffles. Roscoes has nothing on this place. It is a bit loud but that because I'm old. Great atmosphere great service.Had lunch here today. Everything about the experience was good. Our waiter was attentive and had good suggestions. Our food was good. Our beer was the right temp and arrived promptly. The restaurant was clean and our booth was very clean. I would totally go here again.The food was decent -- although the cheese on my nachos was very watery. Very small menu with limited options for me. They had a large beer selection but limited about of ciders, which is what I usually prefer beer wise. Close to our hotel (Sheraton Downtown).Nice bar. Didn't eat. Had a good selection of brews. Bartenders very friendly and helpful. Not a lot of people here. But it is 3pm on a Saturday. Bathroom is interesting. It's co-ed with private toilets. As a man I have no problem. But men are slobs and I imagine it's not a pleasant experience for a woman.Was there the other night, place was packed (game 1 World Series) but service at the bar was fantastic. bartender was soooo on top of things - she was excellent. just needs to smile a bit more and at least appear to appreciate the fact that we are customers. Food is very good and beer selection is solid.Big fan of this place. First visit to Philly and I was brought by my girlfriend and some friends who used to go to school in Philly. I built my own bloody Mary with all the fixings, which was delicious as a snack while we waited for the rest of the food. Definitely recommend the crispy wings and the hush puppies for appetizers, then the tap house burger which was perfectly cooked. They're a strong eagles bar, so not much variety in the games shown on football Sunday, but I guess as an outsider I can't fault them for that!I wish I could enjoy this place, but every time I try to, the restaurant is reserved. I've LITERALLY walked into City Tap House 4 separate times in the past 1.5 mos, and every time, the hostess let me know the whole place was reserved for a private party.
I tried a Sunday brunch, a Friday happy hour, a weeknight dinner, and a Saturday football game - every time, no luck. And looking at their page, many reviewers admit to have been there for a private party. 
Maybe they make more money on renting out the space, but it is BEYOND annoying for locals who want to enjoy some good food. So be advised and call ahead. I never did do that - it took 4 tries before I just gave up.Great vibe.  Room is darker, but with nice use of Edison lights, copper bar top and reclaimed wood walls.  Bathrooms are unisex, and the old lady appreciated that (not sure why, though...I didn't see any good looking guys leave at the same time, so i can only assume it was a sincere statement...but come to think of it, she can be awfully flirty; not sure what to make of that point).  But I digress.  Beer selection was good, not great. We had the Korean short rib tacos to start and they were very tasty.  We followed that with the sausage and mushroom pizza and it, too, did not disappoint.  Friendly and attentive bartenders.I was a little disappointed by this place, which is OK, but I much prefer the University City location. The beer list is still great. They have some of the same great appetizers (goat cheese and honey flatbread, salumi flatbread, and hushpuppies), but way fewer burger options (and a much smaller list of options under $20). Despite having pretty good food, this place feels more like a more adult version of Chuck E. Cheese's, for former frat-boys who now work at Comcast to hang out after work, than a nice place to have dinner.
The noise level is insane - I had to shout to be heard across the table. High top tables at least would have put me a little closer to the people on the other side, while not being inconsistent with the fact that you're really eating in a bar, rather than a restaurant. Some people may be fine with this, but for me it's way more draining than energizing. In the 5-10 minutes we waited for our waiter to show up, we considered just leaving, but as we were about to he arrived, and we decided to give it a try. I did get to see a guy at the table next to me use a flashlight on his phone to read the menu, because the bar-level lighting pervades the entire place (he wasn't even that old!).
Our service was also sub-par, both for what I'd expect for the price, and for what I've received at the University City location. This could just be the learning curve, as the restaurant develops a routine (I usually give some benefit of the doubt during the first year of any restaurant's existence). The process for getting us a table was super disorganized. Then the waiter took forever to show up. He didn't inform us that their smaller pours of draught beers are not a half pint, but are in fact smaller than the juice glasses they give little kids at greasy spoon diners. Our water ran out several times (for extended periods), and in at least one case wasn't refilled even after it was requested. The waiter seemed very earnest, but was a net negative on the dinner.
Overall, it was still an OK experience. The food is pretty good (though don't assume that because grapefruit is in the name of your salad that there will be more than 2 small slices of grapefruit in it), as was the beer, but I doubt I'll be coming back to this location, even though it's much closer to where I live than University City (which, on top of better service and more food options I like, has a ton of awesome outdoor seating).I actually like this place for its beer collection,I was with my friends and they all were quite impressed with a three page beer menu.
Food is okay.I would give it a 5/10.I  had the ten spice wings,it's not spicy at all,rather a barbecue taste to it.
I liked the ambience,good service and great people.
Surprisingly wasn't crowded for a Friday evening.
It's spacious and thus good for big parties or office gatherings.
All in all I don't mind going back there :)Celebrated my wife's birthday here recently.  We had a large party of around 20 people total.  I arranged everything through Devin, who is the best.  She made sure everything went smoothly; all we had to do was show up.  They reserved two large tables for us and had our pre-ordered food served at the specified time I gave Devin.  Special thanks to Dakota, our incredibly patient server who worked diligently to keep everyone inebriated.  Oh, and the food was excellent.Went on a Friday night and expected it to be crowded with loud music. To my surprise wasn't either. 
Server was courteous and seated us in a booth with decent number of people all around.Wherever you end up seating the place looks very huge even for a tap house. This might be the reason I felt it was kind of empty. 
We had ordered the ten spice wings and fries on the side. Portions are very filling and the wings are delicious. 
We were given a food and wine/ whisky menu when we were seated and I was trying to find out where the beers were listed. To my utter surprise, our server brought a beer menu separately. That menu is 3 pages long and categorized among wheaty, pilsners, Pale Ales and what not. THE BEER MENU IS EXHAUSTIVE.MORE THAN 40 KINDS OF BEER ON TAP. It's like beer heaven. Perfect for people who are bored with bottled ones and wanna try a new draft beer once in a while. They cater to almost every kind of palette. 
Our server definitely forgot us for a while after we got our food and drinks. We were pretty full from lunch and didn't end up eating much.
Will definitely go back for the beers. If you are on budget on Friday night, drink your beers here and probably eat elsewhere.
Very conveniently located in center city. Even if you are visiting for a few days, do try his place.The food was great! They were out of the appetizer (pretzel) and beer I ordered, but the blueberry pancakes were good! Good atmosphere too!Wow. I happened into this place as it was just two steps from my hotel.  What luck! A quiet table outside, a long beer list, and the cioppino is truly out of this world.  Tempted to stay another night just to try something else on the menu!Grateful place.. Nice ambience and food tastes great.. I tasted pizza( not sure which one) and it's great.. And also card meat is great here..Honestly, 1 star is more than this place deserves. After 20 minutes of not being served with a 40 person party, I go to other side of the bar only to get charged $18 for a double jack and diet. I will never being going back to this establishment.The mussels are a must have!!!! Flatbreads are great for a table sharing app. Service has been "slow" on my 5-6 visits here- not bad, rude or incompetent...just seems like not enough servers for the large parties they accommodate. Live music the other night was fun. Large beer list.Went to an awesome grad party at city tap house. Good food and a good atmosphere, and we loved the reserved party area.My husband and I went here for Saturday brunch. I got the biscuits & gravy - 3 large biscuits, sausage gravy, and eggs cooked any way you want. It was a little on the salty side for my taste, but still good. I really liked the smoked salmon flatbread my husband got. It was unique and delicious! Of course, they have a great draft beer selection too!Wow. Brunch menu is awesome, 10 spice wings to die for. Never had a ring with that much meat on it. BEERMOSA's were perfect. Reasonably priced. Can't wait to come back for their lunch menu. Well worth it, great service tooGreat service and variety of beers on tap. The barstaff is wiling to offer samples and is very attentive. The doorman was down to earth, bathrooms are clean and unisex I believe, and the dining room dimly lit and classy. Saturday night we experienced a band that played nice music, but was a little loud to talk over. There are two sizes of draft beer available which is nice if you are more into trying a selection. Pricing is also very reasonable.I like that City Tap House has expanded from its West Philly location to a new Center City one. We came here around the time that it first opened and of course were really happy with the amazing beer selection here. I also had a chance to enjoy the mussels, and they were great. I'm happy that the food quality is high, because it is sure to keep people coming back! My only complaint is that it gets unbelievably crowded here, simply due to the location. It is right nearby several enormous office buildings, so during happy hour, it is wall to wall with business casual people. Nothing you can do about it!Came here with friends on Halloween night. This place is really nice inside and the beer menu was really good. Didn't order any food but I will definitely be back here to try out the food menu.I stay at the Sheraton when traveling from Chicago and am always in search for a great bar with drinks and snacks nearby.  City Tap House is always a great option with a wide selection of beers on tap and bottle.I was here last night while visiting Philadelphia on business.  It's a busy hip place bustling with lots of young people.  The food was quite good; I had the shrimp with grits and I really liked it, although I would say it's not very original because it's basically a ripoff of Emeril Lagasse's BBQ shrimp. Still it was very good although it seems like their Forte is beer. They seem to have a very extensive beer menu.
The service was good too.  My waiter was congenial and the food arrived promptly.  I may stop again here should I run out of other interesting things nearby to try out.Drinks were good, service was better, food was the best! Perfect portions and delicious! Had 3 apps which proved to be more than enough for 2 ppl. Yum!Had a disappointing experience here. The roasted chicken I ordered was clearly undercooked which I brought to their attention. It was returned after several minutes but was still running red juices. To her credit, the manager assured us that their prep process gives the chicken such a presentation. It still looked unappealing to me. Not wanting to make a further fuss, I just refused to eat it and left hungry. My husband's broiled salmon was tasty but it came with just a hint of a side. The dinner was a bit pricey for what we got.Fantastic brunches that are a bit pricey but you get what you pay for. Their beer mimosas are apparently a thing here, but I think I prefer regular mimosas. I've also come here for happy hour drinks during the weekday. Great craft beer selection, but the place can get pretty packed.The beer selection here is choice! They occasionally switch up their beer menu, so if you come here alot you will have new beers to choose from. Beer prices can be $5+ to $$9. Your tab can scale up quickly if you are treating people rounds. Its been a minute but i believe wine and wine are comparable in prices. It  a lends closer to the pricer side. On other hand, it is a popular destination for most people and on semi-cold nights the place can be packed since they have a fire pit area outside indoor bar on the top floor. 
Overall, it is a chill spot. I would recommend people to pre-game or drink before you head to this bar because of the crowd. You might be waiting for a while for servers to come around. It is not all their fault since it's difficult to be like ten different places at once.If you want a special beer you will probably be happy you came here. 
50 beers on tap for a price a little higher then you want to pay. However, if you are interested in good service, good food, or a good place to "watch the game", this is not it. Add lots of UPENN undergrads rippin cigs on the balcony and it's definitely meh.
The food is RIDICULOUSLY expensive for the quality.. really. The food sucks here.Ambience was great, a nice environment to recover from New Years with friends. Brunch specials were delicious with big portions. However, service was slow and they were out of biscuits (had to substitute with an English muffin).City tap has the best of both worlds, good food and good beer.  We sat outside because it was a lovely sunny day and had the pleasure of listening to Splintered sunlight. The beer selection is vast. I had half philly brewing co Walt wit with half lemonade (not on the menu but they did an excellent job making it) and my boyfriend had a Sierra Nevada Kellerweis. We ordered a Chicken Caesar Salad and the Potato Leek Flatbread.
The Caesar was delicious! It had Parmesan crisps and garlic croutons and the chicken was grilled really well and was tasty. Our flatbread had a bit of a kick to it. The potatoes were a bit under done for me but were still good anyway.
Our waitress was very nice but when the check came we happened to notice that were charged to split the salad. No where on the menu does it say there is a split charge nor did the waitress give the courtesy of telling us about it so that was a bit disappointing. 
All in all it was a good experience.Great place to eat nice atmosphere outside seating with fire pits food is good must try shrimp creole I luv it.beer selections over the topCity Tap House is hit or miss from me: When it's good (enjoying a lunch outside or the fire pits outside), it's wonderful. When it's bad (not getting served for 30+ minutes), it's really bad. 
One of my recent visits to Tap, we were rushed off the fire pits at night "for a private reservation"...the people WITH the reservation said they were fine to share it and to let us stay. Nope, we were moved to a table. At the table, we somehow couldn't get service although the waitress kept walking by and gave us water? Another time, I waited with a friend for a waiter to come take our order. Most of the time, the wait isn't a huge factor if it's a nice day, but it's a bit out of hand and I'd have trouble recommending it for this reason.
The food is pretty typical, I'd recommend the vegetable bruschetta-consistently good the 4-5 times I've had it. Their salads are also pretty generous and tasty; the burgers weren't my favorite when I've had it. A lot of City Tap is the atmosphere, which admittedly is pretty great.So much love for this place!!
Every time I'm in Philly, which is usually every weekend and sometimes an additional weekday on top of that, you'll find me at this spot. 
And every time, you can find me somewhere at the bar since their bar takes up more than half the restaurant and the vibe is always warm and welcoming.
You would think that being on a college campus, it would be filled with a rowdy young college crowd but it's far from it.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the crowd here.  It's always diverse and friendly.  I can come here by myself and strike up convos with the bartenders or with random strangers at the bar.
Tons of bartenders working on any given day and they serve up the full menu at the bar.  Chris is one of my faves since we share a love of IPA's but they all share a love of beer and of this place as well.
**You'll have to keep in mind the time and which day you go since they serve their brunch menu and Sat and Sundays from 11-3pm.  From 3pm-4pm on these days, they only serve pizza and salads and then the kitchen opens up for the dinner menu after that.**
FOOD Recommendations:
 - Mezze Plate is an excellent starter.  As a fall/winter seasonal item they switched the original hummus to a Pumpkin hummus. Tasting this at first was a surprise and  might not be for everyone but I truly enjoyed it.
 - The Abigail and Pancho mussels are solid.  Huge plate full of mussels and the broth/sauce for either one is really flavorful.  The toasted bread that accompanies this dish is perfect to sop up the sauce.  (You may need to ask for more of this bread lol!)
 - Classic Margherita and Tartufo Pizzas are money as well.  That brick oven heat makes the crust with just the right crispiness and the toppings for either are never skimped.  
 - Brunch Menu Item: Pulled Pork Hash, was alright but too heavy for me.  The man friend ate it up but still commented that it was only mediocre.
And the main reason why I'm always found here is because this is a full fledged CRAFT BEER spot!
They have all kinds of events where they feature certain breweries or certain types of beers such as a dark beer event, so their tap menu constantly changes.  
You must come in and see their selection for yourself.  It does not disappoint.
Firepits and a large outside patio area make chillen outside accessible all year round.
Take the elevator up to the UT floor and stay for some phenomenal beer, great ambiance and an inviting vibe of chill peeps.This place is a nice twist on the shitty bar scene around the outskirts of Penn.  It's situated in kind of an odd place, with an entrance that's not immediately recognizable as such, and we literally had a tour guide bring us in from the street into the restaurant.  This place is obviously about beer, and lots of it, but you'd be missing out if you don't try some of the food.  Their burgers are huge and tasty, and their pizzas are great too.  Lots of stuff to be had, so don't blow your load on typical bar food, though it's all great.
Huge, open space, and a patio area out back with fire pits.  11-year-old me would have fucking loved this place.Ive been to City Tap house twice now since it has opened. The first time was on opening night. My girlfriend and I sat at the bar and the service was top notch. we had full explanations of beers in question and the bartender was very helpful. I ordered the burger and she got muscles. The food is definetely overpriced, but the burger was good and the bacon was nice and crispy. As for the muscles, well I liked them, but it didnt come with bread in the broth which was a bummer. 
The second time we went was tongiht and everything was much worse. We waited about 20 min for a table, finally settling on an outside table for quicker service. the waitresses didnt really seem to know anything about the beers we wanted either. However, they were super friendly and gave good service. The worst part about this time was the food. I got the "suckling pig" special on fridays and my girlfriend got the grilled chicken salad. the "suckling pig" is NOT suckling pig. It is BBQ pulled pork. MAJOR DIFFERENCE. and I'm pretty sure the suckatash that came with it was frozen or pre packaged, because it didnt taste fresh at all. The chicken in the salad also was completely dry and overcooked which left a plate of lettuce.
So to sum up, this place is good for beers. Go to the bar for better explanations of what your looking for and skip the overpriced food.City Tap House was A-Ok. My husband wanted to take me here one evening without a reservation and we ended up at another spot due to the quoted wait time of one hour (aka too darn long); however, I finally got to eat here with a friend. We met for lunch the other day.   It's one of her favorite restaurants and she had her wedding rehearsal dinner here. We both ordered margarita pizzas and shared an order of fries. Service was courteous and our food arrived quickly. Our pizzas were bubbling brick oven goodness and the fries were crispy and hot. I recommend making a reservation if you plan to come after work. During lunch hours the restaurant was practically empty.If you're looking for a fun place to hang out with friends where you can actually hear the other person speak, great beer and a unique ambiance, Tap House is definitely the place to go. Their beers on tap change multiple times a week so you can always try something new. The highlight of this place is definitely the fire pits which is something different, especially for the University City area. 
They also serve dinner here and the pizza is pretty good. I haven't tried much of the other food. The only downside to Tap House is that the bar area is kind of small and when it gets crowded (especially in the summertime) it can feel kind of cramped. Sometimes they have a live band that can get really loud, but the outdoor seating is always a plus, even in the winter. You also might want to get there a little earlier to claim a fire pit before they all get taken! Also, some of the beers can get pricey and their happy hour is nothing special. 
Overall, I would recommend Tap House for a low key night when you want to do something a little different then your typical bar scene.To be honest, they had me at 60 beers on tap. Obviously, very nice selection. Service was attentive but not cloying or smothering. Outstanding burger and substituted the Caesar for the fries. Great salad. Dressing wasn't overpowering or mayonnaise-y. Will definitely return the next time I'm in Philly.As one of the few bars with people my age (25) in University City, I ended up frequenting it more often than I should have. The staff is friendly (especially Andre), and if you're lucky, they might give you free drink coupons. The food is really great. My only complaint with the food is that there were no salads that appeal to me, so I'm left confused and usually end up getting a veggie burger or pizza, which are both delicious. It's an upscale pub atmosphere. If it's nice, sit outside. The roof deck is awesome and certainly worth the wait!
BUT it's all REALLY overpriced. The house wine is $8 or $9. It's a steep price to pay to stay away from undergrads, but I paid it more than once (or twice).Second time here during my stay. Up from MS for surgery at CHOP. CTH is a little pricey, but a great atmosphere, with great service and the food is flawless. 
I would've given 4 stars because of price, but that's not fair. 
Great job y'all!On a nice day, the outdoor seating is quite nice. They have a good selection of beers. However, the service was really, terribly slow.Love the green roof, the outdoor seating and fireplaces, and the local beers. The pizza isn't even that bad, and at $10 for a an 8ounce beer and a pizza, it's not a bad place  to meet a buddy for lunch, especially if you work in the area. But their waitstaff is rock dumb. They may be as pretty as the space, but their basically useless at waiting tables.I've been here for brunch, lunch and dinner and I've had good experiences with all. I love how convenient the location is and the decor is warm and cute as well. 
As a vegetarian, I'm a huge fan of the veggie burger. The Bistro Breakfast Burger can be made vegetarian and is a little on the dry side, but still tasty. I probably wouldn't order this again, but I love the egg on top concept. 
The veggie burger for lunch and dinner is absolutely STELLAR. I often crave veggie bugers, and this is the first I think about in the Philly area. It's light and tasty, and I usually opt to not eat the bun and it's still amazing on its own. Perfect flavors. 
I've also tried a pasta dish here, as well as a pizza. The Margherita Pizza is awesome, and I love adding eggs to pizzas so I've tried the Margherita Pizza with an egg on top which was awesome! 
The sweet potato fries are also excellent, but beware that when they ask you for what you would like with a SIDE with your dish (salad, fries, sweet potato fries) they charge you extra for sweet potato fries and it ends up adding around $2 to your dish price.  The waiters and waitresses also tend to not mention anything to you about the extra charge for sweet potato fries as a side, which irks me. Not worth it in my opinion for the extra cost, but yummy to eat as an appetizer! 
Overall, yummy and would definitely recommend because it seems to provide a solid and stable dining experience regardless of the hour of day!City Tap House is okay- but not great- for the price. I've had the opportunity to go many times, both for brunch as well as dinner. I've tried many of the apps (including the wings, short rib tacos) and many of the entrees (such as the pizzas, steak, duck confit fried rice) and long story short- nothing is particularly memorable. At the price point, I feel that pizza is done better at Franklin Table or downtown at Pizzeria Vetri, and as a whole, the food (at least to me) was on the blander side. At the end of the day, my main problem with City Tap is that while everything ultimately comes out being okay, there is no stand-out, exceptional dish.
That being said, what this place has going for it is a wide variety of beers and a great ambiance, especially outside near the fire pits. I think they also have bingo one night a week, which is also pretty fun!City Tap House is probably fancier than my usual spots but the  occasion was meeting a date for drinks so I complied with her choice.
The bar is an attractive space, the building itself is also new and architecturally  modern.  I compared it to buildings that make up the piazza.  
The beer list was only a page long with a nice selection.  They ask you to fill out forms to review their beers which sounded like a cool idea though it also sounded like they were just going to fill up my email inbox as soon as I gave them my information so we declined. 
The clientele was young professionals all dressed as if they were coming from work.  
Overall I'd say though it wasn't my typical place to go to it was a nice place and I'd go back again.Good adult place in uni city. Food is amazing. Nice craft brewskis.The place was deserted when we went for an early lunch. Seated by the window, we got a great view of the green roof, looking lush with spring growth and soon to be in flower. The outdoor seating with firepits would be just the thing on these cool spring evenings with spring beers to match. 
Gotta tell you, the spinach salad with figs was just superb. Don't even use the salad dressing, it will overpower the delicate flavors of fresh strawberries, blueberries, goat cheese and of course figs! A delight!It's overrated honestly. There aren't great vegetarian/pescetarian options and it's too underwhelming for the price.City Tap House will always hold a special place in my heart. I lived in The Radian during my 21st summer and this gastropub was my gateway into the wonderful world of craft beer. There were endless possibilities when the server handed me the clipboard of 60+ beers on tap with helpful and entertaining flavor descriptions. 
Every food item I've had here is solid too. I remember my friend pushing the Tartufo pizza on me (mushrooms, taleggio, fried egg, black truffle oil) and saying, "Trust me" after I questioned how an egg could work on a pizza. He was right! The unique combo of ingredients were so flavorful and worked well together. The majority of the time I opt for a Craftwich like the wild boar burger or the Free Range PA Turkey Burger. The Tap Burger, especially when an add-on of pork belly is an option, is easily the best burger in Philly.
Make sure you save room for dessert: there are a variety of freshly baked cookies that come in a mini cast iron pan and can be topped with house made gelato. My mouth is watering just thinking about that killer combo!
Overall, City Tap House has been the go-to place for any occasion. I've been here for birthday celebrations, farewell parties, and even a watermelon eating contest (with delicious watermelon beer of course). This West Philly institution hits the spot every time.Was here back in August. Couldn't find our server for the majority of time we were here, granted they were slammed, but when she finally did come around she refused to clear our plates that we were done with for an hour. She would only clear glassware, which was gross bc we had mussels (which were not in the sauce we ordered and weren't good). I could forgive the wrong order, but leaving messy plates in front of us for that long? Apparently it is beneath the servers to clear their own tables. I guess she expected a busser to eventually make his way to us? When my friend finally asked her to remove them, the server gave her a death stare and chose to promptly forget about us for another hour (I'm probably exaggerating the time, but it sure felt like an hour!). We finally had to stop a different server to beg for our check. Might return based on the fact that the atmosphere was pretty cool outside, but that would be the only plus.Though it wasn't my first time hanging out here, last night was definitely the best experience I've had. I met a friend for drinks around dinnertime with my dog. Not only were we promptly seated outside in a comfortable area, the host brought out a bowl of water for my pup. This is a huge plus for me at any establishment, as I hate leaving him home alone when I already know I'm going somewhere with outdoor seating. For this reason, I'll probably choose CTH as a default spot for outdoor drinks over Harvest (though they're cheaper) because they don't allow dogs on their patio.
Anyway, my friend ordered short rib tacos, which he loved but said they were hard to eat because the tortilla was small. This wouldn't have bothered me, though. We each had three beers, which were all great. The waitress (though I forget her name) was extremely helpful and fun to chat with. I hope to see her there again to take some of her beer recommendations. Overall, a great experience for quiet snacks and drinks. Perfect for catching up with a friend in a relaxed environment.You would enjoy their various selection of appetizers and entrees. Honey lavender ice-cream was refreshing and creative.I love this place - great beer, great food, great atmosphere. The rooftop deck is great. The only thing is service could be better - especially out on the deck. It's always really crowded = a sign they're doin somethin right!I've been frequenting City Tap House on various occasions.. from happy hours, dinner, day parties and networking functions.  Overall, I like the place.  Staff is cool!... The food is good... go for the 10 spice wings and their burgers! Definitely try a beer flight too!  Atmosphere is laid back.The outdoor patio is a must when the weather is good. You can can find the college co-eds and professionals at the bar.. all just trying to have a good drink (or two), good conversation and decent food.City Tap House has a great open space bar and dinning inside, an even better outdoor seating for nice days, coupled with good food.
My favorite dish was the BBQ Pork Flatbread. It was flavorful with a bit of a spicy kick. I would definitely recommend it and get it next time.
The rest of the food I have found to be on par with other American Grills/Bars. I have had the Free Range Turkey burger and sweet fries, pastrami sliders, ten spice wings, and steamed edemame.
Overall, a great place to hang out, and the food is not bad either.Horrible horrible experience! Went there this past weekend and was waiting 2.5 hours for seating! When we went to check if we were being seated soon they had moved on to other parties and forgot about ours!! We knew we had not missed our party being called bc they send text messages and we did not receive any notification (and no, it was not a wifi/service issue bc I was receiving messages from other people during that time) We were finally seated only to wait 15 more minutes before being greeted by a waiter. On top of poor service, the food is mediocre, yet overpriced-- I spent $16 on a burger and was still hungry after. Also, after reviewing my bank account the following day, I have an unfamiliar charge of $20 from this place!!!! Ridiculous. I do not recommend.I've been three times and have had the same experience each time: 
Beer = Excellent
Service = Mediocre (or less)
All three times, I've sat at the bar - And all three times have waited quite a while before finally being greeted by anybody, had to flag down the bartender to ask for another round, etc.  The beer selection is great.  I wish the service could match the beer selection in awesomeness.I came here before when it was dead. Awesome service from a male bartender. He was very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. 
I came here today and it wasn't that busy for a Monday night. My boyfriend and I waited at the host stand, as the sign said to do, for two minutes. Staff walked by and ignored us. Another party of three came in and waited with us for another three before we all decided to seat ourselves. My boyfriend and I sat at the bar...where we waited for another five minutes for service. The two bartenders made eye contact but didn't come over until we decided to do the club "wave your hand in the air at the bar and look like I'm desperate for some shots". We finally got a female bartender who got our drinks and we needed a minute on the menu, but she never came back. My boyfriend did the club wave again and got the male bartender's attention. He memorized our order but kept looking at the bar table while talking to us. Odd. But props on getting it correct.
Food wasnt not the greatest. We had a pizza with an egg on it, which I normally love, but it looked like the cook simply cracked it on top of the pizza before it went out the kitchen. The bartender circled around my boyfriend and I, though my drink was empty. Twice. Finally, I raised my hand and the female bartender asked if I would like another. I said I did and she served it quickly.
Service and food quality was definitely lacking this time. I'll try again another day, since my first time was pretty good. Hopefully it was just a fluke!Wonderful pints on a large stone balcony make summer in Philly all the better. Good, mellow crowd, as college students have gone home for the summer and many have flocked to the beach for Memorial Day. The beer list is expansive, with Belgian and wheat beers included, if often unavailable (kicked). The Tap House is a relaxing break from pubs, and 
a great place to enjoy a beer on the "beach".Service was slow. Food not great. Not worth time and frustration. Nice roof deck, but overall experience not worth it.Casual bar with friendly service. The kitchen closes a lot earlier than the bar, so if you plan on eating go early.  It wasn't too crowded and we got to seat ourselves anywhere. The crispy apple cider beer was light with a hint of apple cider that gave it a finishing touch.The beer selection is great and so are the wings. All of the other food is sub-par. The service regarding the waitresses is not very good. We had a waitress forget on two separate occasions to put our order in and after a reminder, still forget. The outdoor seating is nice with fireplaces for an added bonus.I came here for a casual drinks + dinner yesterday. It wasn't crowded at all on this Wednesday so we decided to just sit at the bar. The bartenders and waiters here are very patient as you decide which beer you'd like from the clipboard. They have around 60 beers or so on draft, which is amazing. A bunch of the ones I wanted were kicked last night, but I assume that was because it's in between seasons. Can't wait for them to have pumpkin beer on tap. 
After much deliberation and two other tasters, I ended up the Great Lake Silver & Gold, which was very good. My friend decided to be not as picky and played it safe with a Victory Love Stout.
We then shared the Pancho mussels in a tomato broth with spicy chorizo. They were fantastic; the spice level was just right. It came with a couple slices of grilled focaccia, and our waitress was very kind in getting us some more for us to scoop up the delicious broth.  I've been here in the past and the pizzas are also delicious. 
One of the best parts about City Tap House is the amazing roof-top patio they had. Since the weather is around 50-60s at night now, they've turned on the fire pits for a cozy factor. There's no bar out there though, which is a bummer.Got here at like 1:15 ish on a Saturday afternoon and they were still serving brunch. It was the perfect spot for a friend I hadn't seen in a long time. If you have like a $60 budget for two people (entree + mimosa) I'd highly recommend this place. He loves his food and so did I! I got the chicken and waffles and a crab corn fritter appetizer. Super good. Will definitely return!Although I cannot speak for the food, the beer menu was impressive, and the prices were reasonable. 8/10 would recommend.The beer selection is superb. The roof deck with the fire pits is a great atmosphere bonus, I especially like it out there in the fall to sip on a good stout or porter when it is too cold ti sit outside anywhere else. The food is always delish and the service is always top of the line.Huge bar, very open-air feeling.  We had a pepperoni pizza that was really good and a salad.  Huge beer selection, although kind of disappointing because there weren't many unique beers.  Quantity over quality. We were even there during beer week.  But - the good part is that there is something for everyone.  They had live music which was nice.Went there a few days ago with a friend - they have wonderful selection of beers on tap, and not only that, but they will offer you a small sample of your chosen selections so that you can make your final choice.  But best of all - we had been chatting with our wonderful bartender, Jenny, who is also a nurse.  When my friend felt ill (a problem with her leg), Jenny came over and was extremely supportive and helpful until my friend could sufficiently recover.  Thanks so much again Jenny!  We are fans of this place and look forward to returning!I went here on a really nice Spring day with some friends. They dragged me there...I had no clue what to expect. I loved it! 
The location was really nice atop some steps about The Radian. The inside was really nice as well, boasting extremely high ceilings with really cool decor/accents. The layout was just really nice and relaxing. 
There were few people there so I did not experience any of the service issues that other reviewers mention. The waiting staff was pretty quick, courteous, and incredibly attractive O:).
I got a Stretch Chicken sandwich, fries, and sampled some of my friend's Belgian waffle. I never had Stretch Chicken before but it was amazing. Completely balanced price and portion and just so tender it melted right in my mouth basically. Just a really cool, textural experience you don't have every day with chicken. The roasted red pepper complimented the taste really well too. The fries were good as well: nothing exciting, but nothing bad at all. 
My friend's Belgian waffle was really good but at the price, I wouldn't really recommend it when you can get much hardier, "foodier" selections instead. Otherwise, if just looking for sweets though, it definitely does its job.
All in all, nice, QUIET place to go with some friends. I stress the quiet because I loathe places that are all about alcohol and completely anti-conversation. No loud music, a great view, good company and good food all makes for a great lunch :).The venue is really nice the fire pits are amazing! They should sell marshmallow kits . I ordered there fried rice and the chef was able to put shrimp in it for me. The shrimp was really good but the rice was somewhat bland. My waiter was Freddy he was nice! Great serviceGood place for happy hour but a bit of a journey for any folks in Center City.  I especially like the firepits and the mediterranean platter.  
Solid draft list, sweet potato fries, and mac n' cheese.  
The deck is the main attraction!Apparently, City Tap House's veggie burger is supposed to be one of the best in the city.
Let's just say it's not even close. The flavor was soooo mild and boring, and the burger was dry even with mayo. I got mine without cheese, but I judge a burger by it's patty, and there are many other delicious options in the city. 
That being said, there service I received was EXCELLENT. Very friendly people at City Tap House, even amongst the chaos a  Friday night brings. Our server Brian fielded all our awkward beer questions with a smile. 
Based off the food, I probably won't go again, but it was a decent time anyways.This is my go-to bar. I've been here so many times I lost count. 
The drinks are pretty good and the food can be delicious. Although, the wait staff starts to make a lot of mistakes as the dinner rush starts coming in. 
My date and I ordered the Berkshire pork milanese, the chicken, and mussels. He got a beer and I asked for a Captain and Coke. Unfortunately, I got a Jack and Coke with a rather burnt chicken and my date got an undercooked pork. The waiter was extremely friendly and tried to fix it as soon as possible. But the dinner rush was starting to come in and he was preoccupied with other tables. 
ORDER THE MUSSELS, people. It's so delicious. We got the panang mussels and can't wait to try out the other ones. 
The tab did come out to something a little bit more pricy than we had hoped, but we had a nice time. Next time, we're just going to get three orders of mussles; it was out the whazoo.This is a nice restaurant but not exactly a destination for a beer lover.  Although they advertise 60 taps on our visit there were only 46 choices available.  That might seem like a lot but some of the choices were very standard like blue moon and coors light and Sierra Nevada pale ale.  Was disappointed they were out of the Sly Fox O'Reilly Stout that was on the 46 option beer menu. Some good choices we found on this menu were Three Heads The Kind IPA and Stoudts FourPlay single hopped IPA. Aside from the IPA selections, it was an overall uninspiring beer list..there are many better places to drink craft beer in philly.
I give the food high marks though,  we had the hanger steak daily special which was tender and delicious and came with an interesting side of celery root and sautéed mushrooms.  A pepperoni pizza was outstanding with a slightly charred thin crust spicy pepperoni and slices of fresh hot peppers.
The service here was mediocre.  We sat for too long before being offered the beer list. Busboys cleared my husbands entree plate before I was finished with mine, and my pizza plate was whisked away wile I had the last slice in my hand.  Lol.   We were not offered a dessert menu though I assume they do offer dessert.
The dining room was airy and modern with an open kitchen and large windows opening onto a patio. Looks like it would be pleasant in warmer weather.  I found the large screen TVs displaying various sports games to be a distraction.
Overall this would be a good place to take your college student out for a nice meal.  It's too expensive for most students to be able to afford on their own.food is a little overpriced i think but it's delicious so i guess i will deal. My boyfriend and I stopped in for just a few beers and a snack and we didnt leave disappointed.Brought the in-laws to City Tap and had a great dinner.
I had the burger and it was very good.  My wife is still praising the saffron mussels she ordered with sweet potato fires.  Overall the food was great.
But the best thing about City Tap is the beer.  Andy Farrell has something very special going on at City Tap.  Pages and pages of different beers on tap.  I recommend the Hitochino Nest White (I think that's what it is called).  It is the best white beer I have ever had. 
I can't wait to see what they have planned for Philly Beer Week!Caught up with an old roommate from home one night while visiting Philly and really enjoyed ourselves! We sat out by the fire pits and really enjoyed ourselves; it was a nice roof top escape in University City and gave us exactly what we were looking for after a long day. We split a couple of pizzas - the Pulpo Flatbread was our favorite as we'd never had grilled octopus as pizza topping and really liked it. The beer selection was just varied enough for us and we had fun sampling. Thought it was a great UC getaway spot!This place is great. I've been here too many times to count, but there are a good range of reasonably priced options that are outstanding. They recently dropped my favorite burger (lamb burger was amazing), but they still have my wife's favorite (the turkey burger).
The honey goat cheese and salumi flatbreads are great for sharing, and the hushpuppies are always popular. If you have a large group getting together for happy hour, it can be a bit tough to mingle because of the layout of the bar area, but if you're there early enough you can pull a few tables together, and the servers are great. You can also reserve space outside or in a little room off the entrance, if you plan ahead and don't want to be super crowded. You can also set a limit on the tab, to be informed if your group hits a threshold based on what you're budgeting, which is nice (and they can limit the drink options, if you're into that). Basically, they're great for groups. They also have some pretty great table and booth options for groups of pretty good sizes (10-12).
I also really like the beer selection, which isn't just large, but also varied. Some places will have 100 beers to choose from, as long as you like it really dark, or like it really hoppy - this has something for nearly every taste (that can be reflected in a 2 page beer list).
Probably the best thing about this place is the large amount of outdoor seating! Sometimes these can be taken up by people who have called ahead, but I can probably get outside 75% of the time that I'd like to (may just reflect the distribution of when I've been, but I've been at all hours, from lunch through pretty late dinner). Sitting around the fire pits is also very cool, though you can't share appetizers with people on the other side very easily. Also, be careful that none of the paper that comes with some foods catches on fire.Tap House is a classic choice at Penn. 
I haven't had too many food selections here, but I do think that the mussels are delicious! For somewhere around $12, you get a huge bowl of savory, fresh (or I hope) mussels with a piece of delicious olive oil baked bread. Each time I come here for food, that's what I order. Another friend is a die-hard striped bass fan, so maybe I'll give that a try next time! Drinks are always not bad either. I'm a bigger fan of their IPA, and some of the speciality drinks aren't too bad either. Happy hour is always worth the value. 
Service is decent but not great. The waitresses sometimes have a great sense of humor, especially if you're repeat customer that they remember. A couple of the bouncers have been kind of mean - but I guess that's what they're hired for, so I can't really complain.Really good selection of beers. The food options are great, especially if you are a vegetarian.
The fire pits outside provide great setting for large groups. Definitely intend going here often for after work happy hour get togethers.I got a great story to tell that literally happened May of last year but has continued to be an epic tale to tell every single person I know. I'll get to it in just a minute but first:
City Tap use to be sort of like the place to have a drink in UCity. Outside fire pits, large indoor bar, and a substantial beer list. As a cider drinker however, I'm usually limited to the one keg of Angry Orchard they always carry and God forbid that kicks, I gotta man up and drink a Jack's hard cider. The cocktails, they have very few of and are not so great. Good wine list though, and not so terribly expensive that two glasses means I can't pay cable for the month. 
Anyway, City Tap is where I would meet friends, have a drink or two or suddenly 6 and 4 hours later I'm shoving chicken fingers down my throat at Axis before I blackout in a friend's bed. City Tap is the precursor to all bad things.  And I'm not the only one who thinks that; the bar is an interesting mingle of college kids (duh) and old heads. The bar can get loud and rowdy as a cafeteria and I can barely hear anyone over the noise, especially if they jam a dj or musician in the corner. 
Okay, the story that really prompted this review: It was May. I was picked up for my first date with a guy, and everything was going pretty neat as we hit it off with nice conversation, stuff like that. It was raining and City Tap was a decent choice and not too far from home so I could book it if things got weird. 
It was a weekend I think, but we got there early enough that there was no bouncer checking IDs. I have a Connecticut state ID, and I was 22 at the time of this happening. CT is a commonly fake ID, but I've never gotten issues with any bar I've gone too. Yeah they play with it a little more than a PA ID and might use the blacklight, but what happened this one particular night was so awful, so pitiful, that all I can do now is laugh and use it as an excuse to tell people never to come here.
The bartender we went up too was a younger looking girl, and she asked for ID. Cool, no problem. My guy showed his, a PA license, and it was no problem. My turn. She glances over my ID and says, "I'm sorry I can't accept this, it's fake."
Okay. I'm a born and bred blue blood New Englander. I patiently explained to this obvious youngster that it is indeed, a real ID. I also work as a bartender, so I explained how you can tell it's a true license by the tree hologram, clear picture, etc, etc. I said she could test me on the info from the card. No go. I offered to show her my credit and debit cards, and even school ID to prove I'm the person on the ID, but she refused to accept anything but a "passport or birth certificate or SS card."
Yeah, let me reach into the crack of my ass and grab those for you.
Eventually, she left to ask a manager. Okay, that would take all of 5 seconds. If not the bartenders, at least the manager should be skilled in deciphering what is a fake or real ID. Especially for those IDs that are commonly used as facts.
No lie, we were there waiting for FORTY-FIVE MINUTES. As in, 15 minutes shy of an hour. 
I could not have been more embarrassed. I told my date he could leave if he liked and we could reschedule for another time. My date however, bless his heart, stayed with me (and that's why we're dating now) despite the aggravating wait time. Several other bartenders asked if we needed anything, and after I told them what was happening, shared my look of confusion.
Finally, the bartender came back, my card in hand, and surprise, everything was legit! Apparently they were GOOGLING what a real CT license looked like. And to top off this lovely start to the night, the manager did not come out and apologize, offer to comp us a drink or two or ANYTHING. Not even the bartender offered to pay for our first drink. Nope, we payed the full entire $7 or so for each beer.
The next day, I emailed my angry rantings to the general CTH address and got not one single reply. However, because I'm a sadist and love my personal misery, I have gone to City Tap a couple times after this event took place. I have not seen that particular bartender and I'm hopeful that such an incompetent ditz got fired.
I get that living in a college area, you gotta be wary about them fakes. But that's no excuse not to hire intelligent staff who could tell a real ID from a fake. I guess CTH has had a bunch of strikes with letting underage kids wriggle through, and I was just that unlucky one to walk in with an out-of-state ID.
City Tap definitely stopped being my going to bar after that, and I only find myself there when my friends want to get wasted next to a firepit, or I'm bored and want to casually sip a glass of fine wine while sitting outside in the luxurious company of 40th street traffic. They still get 2 stars for the outside seating and sure the staff might be a bunch of boobs, they are nice and attentive and apologize for mistakes. City Tap, at least it ain't Smokey Joe's.Sat outside for dinner. Great atmosphere. All three of us enjoyed our meals. First visit with wife and college aged son. Looking forward to eating here again.I love coming here when I really want  a good beer.  It is a bit pricey, but they always have an excellent selection of multiple types of beer (sorted by style).  The food is good, if a little more expensive than I would expect, and there are several delicious vegetarian options.  When the weather is nice, the outdoor seating is some of the best in the city.  If you are a beer lover, you  have to try City Tap House.Very expensive and a decent draft list. Best thing about this place is the fire pits out on the patio, awesome in the fallThis is a great place to hang out and have a bite and a brew if you're in the older Penn-going crowd. I'm in a grad program at Penn and love coming here with friends for an after-lab drink, sunday brunch, or for any meal, really. I've never had a bad experience with food here and I actually find the menu pretty fun and tasty for a pub-type place. They also have football and hockey games on all the time, which is a plus. Your game not on? Ask the bartender to change the channel!
Their beer selection is pretty good, but they tend to run out of things often.They are pretty prompt at putting it on the "out-of-stock" board, though.
Bad things: I have had bad bartenders here on more than one occasion. One time, I was flat out ignored for 15 minutes while the bartenders talked and sipped water. I usually don't complain unless things have gotten to the last straw for me, and this was it. I wrote a comment card out saying that the service was ruining the great food, drink and atmosphere of City Tap. The manager quickly came over and apologized and gave my friends and I complimentary drinks for our troubles. Since I've been back, the service hasn't improved much. 
It can be a little pricey, but I keep going back because I love the food, beer, and the atmosphere. Great place to watch sunday football and have "The Hangover" pizza! -- sausage gravy, cheddar, hash browns and a fried egg on a pizza? With a Stella Artois? Yes, please!
EDIT: Went and sat at the bar for Sunday brunch to watch football. Got walked past for 10 minutes and kept flagging people down to take my order. The bartenders then attending to people who got there after me. Really?... Losing a star.The chicken sandwich was jokingly referred to by a mate as pre-chewed.  Regrettably, that turned out to be rather true.  The chicken was called pulled, which meant it was finely shredded and then mashed back together like chicken salad. Weird.  The bread was good and the sandwich could have been redeemed with more roasted red peppers and greens.
The on-tap beer list is quite good, with nice selections in different style categories.  This is why an otherwise 1 star review gets bumped up to 3 stars. 
A large place; good for big groups. Service was efficient and accurate.There are two locations for this Restaurant. I have visited both several times and I find this location to be superior to the one in Center City Philadelphia but both are pretty good. I will review this location here alone.
You walk into the restaurant and it is a second floor Restaurant view in the university area. That makes it pretty fun and youthful, or young professional as they say. The crowd is a bit mixed but interesting. Once you're in the restaurant upstairs there is a very large bar. I sit there more often than at the tables. The craft beer list is absolutely sensational. And the bartenders are incredibly well knowledged about the beers. I get flights to try things out and then order accordingly which is a great concept. You can also sit outside other than doing any of the inside tables. The outside when weather permits is really really cool in that there are fire pits and an open view of the area with a very modern setting of glass & metal. The outside seating is GREAT!! The menu consists of mainly being a REALLY great bar food menu that touches on creativity in a simplified fashion.  I love the frites, burgers, apps & flatbreads. The hosts/hostesses always seem to need improvement on attitude & friendliness but it is totally outweighed by how friendly & informative the servers & bartenders are,  so not too big a deal....but the management should work on that. The prices are a bit high for what the food is and its location but that is okay I guess. It is still the city and near wealthier colleges so the crowd can afford it. And it does a good thing about keeping the wrong crowd out. I am Not sure if there is valet but otherwise parking is a bit of a hassle in the area. I can usually always find it within a few blocks but it requires some patience. All in all, a fun place to go. It definitely works better as a hang out with friends than for anything else but definitely worth a visit.While it's a nice enough place for drink, the amount of college kids here overshadow the great ambiance. Being right in the middle of Penn's campus I guess I can't complain, but there are definitely better locations further into the city if you want to avoid the younger crowd. Damn... When did I get so old...Amazing beer selection and typically has good food but was disappointed at the size of the salmon I ordered yesterday!Great beer selection and atmosphere. Love the sweet potato fries, margarita pizza.
I've been here a few times and I also love Jen and Becky, they're always friendly and  have helpful recommendations of beers to try.Off the bat two great things about this place are its ability to manage a crowd and the beer selection.  My friend organized a two hour open bar at City Tap House for his birthday.  Unlike many other open bars, bartenders were attentive, friendly, and willing to give recommendations on beers.
The beer menu is extensive.  Organized by style as well as a supplemental list of the rotating taps, they give a description and are transparent about price and ounces served with each pour.  
The fire pits outside are gas powered (so no smokey clothes - awesome) and really do help you keep warm on a chillier night.
We had a variety of food served at our party and while I only tried the thin crust grandma pizza (which was amazing), the ribs, sliders and hummus looked wonderful.  Friends gave the thumbs up.
A great venue when solo, with a small group, or in a crowd.  There's a parking garage just up the block, and the University City area is nice to be in.After coming here for a work party, I was really impressed and wanted to come back again for dinner. The wings, cheese plate, and some other items that we had for the work event were great and the beer selection was awesome. So, the following night I came here for dinner with my girlfriend and we were left very disappointed.
What started as a promising night with flights of beer for the both of us (an excellent appetizer choice!) quickly became some what disgusting. Despite it being in the 40s the night we were here, there were flies every where! We were no where near the exits or the outside fire pit area, so I don't know why there were so many bugs around. Then, our food was also pretty awful.  I had a chicken sandwich that basically was completely wasted.
If I come back, it will be for the beer as their selection is really impressive and I liked doing the flights, but I don't see myself eating anything expect the wings.The bar is beautiful, the outdoor seating with fire pits is really fun
The drinks are good especially when they have drink specials in glass beverage containers
The prices are a bit high, and the food isn't fantastic (minus the sweet potato fries) but this is the place to come for a great happy hourThis place had potential, but I found it to just be okay.  Was there early on a Saturday night and it was pretty empty.  Considering it's in University City - during the summer - I figured that's why.  Our waiter was very nice and pretty quick.  For an appetizer, I tried the crab and corn hushpuppies and they were definitely the highlight of my meal.  They were very tasty and melty.  The condiments that came with it were a really nice compliment to the flavors.  This restaurant also has a pretty decent beer selection if you are into that kind of thing.  For dinner, I had the pepperoni pizza and it was not great.  It was so incredibly spicy that I had a hard time even getting through the meal.  It was making my eyes water.  A pepperoni pizza should not be spicy like that and even if its supposed to be a made into a spicy pizza, there should be a warning on the menu.CTH experiments just enough with classic American dishes to bring something refreshing. You cannot go wrong with their Tartufo - I never thought I'd appreciate eggs and truffle oil on my pizza so much! - and their chicken and waffles. The crispy chicken wings ooze with flavor, and the waffles are freshly toasted. The honey thyme butter, coffee stout syrup, and red pepper jam that accompany it add so much to the dish. CTH is on the pricier side though, so I'd only go here for special occasions.The ambience of the restaurant is great. Hands down I would come here again, just for that. I didn't have the best of waiters, so my experience was just ok. The food is ok, not sure its worth the cost. But I loved the beers and the drinks. I would definitely return in the fall to experience the fire pit. Aside from that, its just ok.Went here for dinner tonight...the place was half full was told there was a 45 minute wait. Sat at the bar, order the pepper appetizer was pretty bland and flavorless. they dumped a bag of peppers into the fryer with no seasoning, sauce or breading. Shouldn't be served at a restaurant or for $7.  Ordered the scallop plate...three scallops and the tiniest polenta cake and puree - it was the size of an appetizer. I alerted both the bartender and the manager of my disappointment and they did nothing. Unbelievable, for $24 at a casual restaurant this was a total rip-off for scallops. Normally it comes with side dishes ...something to make a plate not require having a second dinner. I want to like this place but it's a total scam.Dear City Tap House, I called your bar in UC yesterday and asked if there will be live music (I've been there a handful of times before and you've had great entertainment). The lady who answered the phone told me you do starting at 4pm, so we showed up. We arrived around 4:30pm, and while the lady at the front table was putting our bracelets on as she charged us $5 each, I repeatedly asked her where the live music was. She continued to dodge answering the question and shortly after, we realized why. There was no live music. Instead, there was a man sitting at the bar enjoying wings while he played music on his laptop.  Though I believe that there is an art to DJ-ing, that should not be considered live music. I could've played everything he had on the speakers on my handy dandy iPhone. Needless to say, we are pretty disappointed. Please be a little bit more honest next time a customer calls you.Had dinner here mid-week with a buddy of mine. We didn't end up arriving until shortly after 8pm - Luckily I made a reservation here on Yelp (Very helpful, quick & easy to do) and there was a table waiting for us upon arrival. 
Both of us ordered from the dining days menu. The menu offerings appeared diverse and had more friends joined us, we could have sampled more plates. There were many things 86'd that evening - unfortunately we found this out the hard way. Both of us ordered the arctic char entree - only to be told later that it "was no longer available". One of the drinks we ordered "was not available". The dessert my friend wanted was "unavailable" by the time we finished our entrees. I understand that menu items can sell out but the front of house staff could have done a better job at communicating every 86 item amongst themselves so that customers could be alerted as they order. 
The wings had a fantastic spice blend (dry) and were quite good. The crabcake appetizer was lackluster, although the dipping sauce was interesting - I know the weight of the crabcakes determines the quantity served, however the two portions in the app seemed small - even more so when placed next to the wings since approx. 10-12 wings were served. My buddy had the tamales - which he enjoyed. I had the chicken - it was presented nicely and was juicy and succulent. Accompanying vegetables were quite good too. We got the fruit crisp and strawberry cheesecake/shortcake and both were well worth the wait. Both of us enjoyed the large portion size of the fruit crisp along with the presentation in the cast iron pan. 
This was the first visit to City Tap House for both my friend and I. We arrived minutes after 8pm and were seated/greeted quickly however we did not finish the 3rd course until between 10:15-10:20pm. The time between courses seemed a bit lengthy. As dinner was calming down and the outdoor patio was emptying, we expected to receive our meals quicker. The prolonged time between ordering & discovering the 86 items seemed to slow things down but should not have caused any serious hangups. Aside from the 86'd items and the extended time between courses, it was a solid, tasty meal and I intend to return and see how things go! 
Great atmosphere/ambiance and good crowd. Our waitress was friendly & knowledgeable and she did a great job.Love the bar space here! It's such a huge bar with tvs placed conveniently in front of your face. I had the grilled ham & cheese, and it was nothing spectacular, but the ham was definitely piled high. The beer was what I was most excited for, and of course being a girl, I went straight for the beers with notes of bubble gum, peach, and guava. I like the idea that they give you tasting cards, so you can write down what you like and dislike about each beer.Love the atmosphere here , large, open, high ceilings, lots of people and energy. They've got a large patio that overlooks walnut street with a fire pit. Perfect to grab a beer on a warm night. They have an extensive beer list, I like that they have a lot of beers in each category. I like Belgians and wheats and was happy by how many of those they had on draft. They offered a flight where u can sample 4 beers. A little pricey at 15 dollars. Also, a decent amount of their draft beers were already kicked, which was kind of frustrating.  
I ordered the turkey burger and it was so dry. The cheese, aioli, and avocado were good, but not enough to salvage how dry and awful this patty was. I asked the waiter if I could substitute sweet potato fries instead of the regular fries that come with the burger. The waiter didn't tell me he would charge 5 dollars for this substitution. I could've ordered an extra side of the sweet potato fries for that price.  On the bill, I was charged 17 dollars for that awful burger. I could've gone to village whiskey or a Steven Starr restaurant and gotten an amazing burger for cheaper than that cardboard.  Our waiter was slow, frazzled, never came around to get additional drink orders, forgot about drinks we ordered, and took forever to get the bill after we asked. 
I am on the fence whether I'd return here or not.A great place to come and lounge on the rooftop during the summer, don't even bother coming here during the winter because you'll be inside, unless you're into frost bite and polar vortexes. The beer selection is great but the food is incredibly mediocre. Being a center city folk I don't get out too much in uni city but when I do I inevitably end up at city tap house (for some reason I'm really craving a dosequis right now)It pains me not to give City Tap House a higher review, but I've been there enough times now to say that they have a problem with consistency of food and service. It sometimes feels like they have an entirely different kitchen and back of the house management team running the place from night to night. On some occasions, service has been thoroughly acceptable and the food pretty good. Other nights, I've sat so long waiting for service my table began wondering if we unwittingly had the invisibility cloak over us. Waiting forever just to be served a piping hot burger with sad, soggy cold fries. CTH is a great spot to grab a drink with friends, as long as there isn't some corporate event/penn reunion/whatever else that takes up the entire bar, which seems to be most of the time recently. CTH would do well to focus more on their operations as a restaurant rather than a corporate event space, which it sometimes feels like.That pizza with the egg was sooooo yummy in my tummy. The fried green tomatoes were so good and there was like a small salad on the dish. The dressing was delish. I hated their wings they had a sweet, cinnamon taste n they were undercooked. Beers were great and cool atmosphere.A lamb burger with fennel salad, smoked paprika aioli, kalamata olives and feta yogurt. Pork nachos with walt wit white cheddar sauce, love stout bbq, fresno chiles, coriander and red onion. Broccoli rabe. Garlic parmesan fries with truffle aioli. Ladies and gentlemen, this food came from a bar! Well, I guess it's defined as a Gastropub, but still, for somewhere we went to "grab a drink" that turned into "let's have a bite to eat," I was beyond impressed at their selection as well as their quality.
Add to that the remarkable service we received, and the awesome beers on tap we tried (Love Stout!), and you've got yourself a 5 star experience. Nothing about this place gave me pause. The decor was dark but classic, the seats were comfortable, we experienced a short wait time on a Friday night - I can't complain.
The coolest part was when the check came at the end of the meal, and the server brought over a tablet. It allowed us to check off the items that we had and pay with our card right then and there, signing with a finger and getting a receipt emailed. Then our cohorts did the same thing to pay for their portion. Such a simple concept, but it made things so easy and dare I say - made paying the bill fun?!
City Tap House, whether it's for another lamb burger and fries or just some craft beers, we'll be back in no time. If only just to get to pay the bill again!