Went here with my friends and I had a horrible experience. I asked for a hookah menu and apparently it does not exist. The owner was very rude and unwelcoming. You have to pay $25 per 2 people and they only accept cash-_- I had a horrible experience!!!! If you want to hookah with friends, do not go to cleopatra cafe.Quiet, laid back relaxed atmosphere. Good owners and the place is very clean and provides decent service.It seems this place might have been good in the past but has recently been getting worse. I'm not sure if they changed ownership or if the guy that owns it has just gotten tired of having the business but it is definitely not a place to have a good time which is what people intend on doing when they smoke a hookah. 
I read reviews on here before going and thought I would never visit this place until a friend of mine invited me.  I was hesitant but he talked me into coming by.  The reviews that speak of racism are correct. If your not white or Indian then definitely don't go here. 
(however I am a white woman and still was treated bad, perhaps becasue I came with a lady and not a man? who knows.)
When we walked in the door they told us we had to order to stay but they wouldn't give us time to look at the menu. They stood over us and every 30 seconds were aggressively telling us that we had to decide on something or get out. We didn't order quick enough so they escorted us while yelling at us in their language and making rude gestures the entire way out. The owner continued to curse us as we crossed the street to leave in our car. Someone unknowingly, might think this was just a bad day. After reading others awful reviews it seems this is the norm. 
Unfortunate and disappointedI quite agree with most of the reviews posted here about the owner of this terrible place. I feel the owner is mentally ill or normally high on weed. He is a racist bastard and I will not be surprised if someone's sues to this place/owner in future.
I don't want to go into the minute details about our conversation with the owner but I would suggest that you should only visit this place in case you are fine with being treated as shit.I would rather spend an extra $10 bucks and go to a better place with better customer service.
I would have given 0 or less rating had yelp provided me that option.This is one of my new favorite hangout spots after dinner. I love when they play club music because then you just want to get up and dance like crazy! Along with hookah ($12), they also sell tea, coffee, cocktail, etc.This is the best hookah bar that I have found in Philadelphia. The only let down was that they didn't have my favorite flavor: rose. 
They do, however have great prices on hookahs, Turkish coffee, smoothies, hot tea mmm....
The service was great (we never went without a hot coal), the hookah equipment was clean and looked nice and the atmosphere is great.
I plan on going back.shittest hookah in americaaaaaaaaaa do not go it is ass. the guy is a asshole and they only take cash and it sucks so badWORST HOOKAH BAR EVER!!!! If you have smoked good hookah you know this isn't it. Our hookah tasted burnt making us suspect that it was probably an old hookah where they add a little bit of fresh shisha. The staff is rude and don't try to help you if you tell them you have a problem. Instead they keep walking by you, look at you and ignore you as if they do not care. As a female, the staff hits on you and only assists you if you flirt with them. Been here a few times because it's open late, while hoping each experience would get better. Nope I was wrong! Disappointed for the LAST time!Awesome place; very hospitable hosts. A must visit.The place makes you miserable... The only good thing about it is the music. The prices make no sense and the owner is always feeling the need to introduce himself to his customers and to bother them. My friends and I certainly couldn't enjoy our stay here.This place is downright horrible. The service was probably some of the worst I've ever received in my life.  My friends have posted on yelp before about our experience, but the owners of this low-life hookah joint deleted them to make themselves look better.
Don't go here, that's all I can say.  I'm not hard to please at restaurants and public places such as this, but when we were overcharged for no reason I do get upset.  The "waiter" refused to give us a receipt showing what exactly we were paying for which was completely unprofessional.  Even with the gratuity added on to our bill, we still paid an extra $20ish dollars for god knows what.  We were the only large group at the location since it was a Thursday night.  We continually ordered more hookahs and drinks so it was a slap in the face when they took hookahs aways from us before we were finished.  We even told them we weren't finished and they insisted the hookahs were empty when they weren't.  I would understand if they wanted us to leave because we were loud or obnoxious but we were talking at normal levels and weren't doing anything obnoxious.  I'll never be heading back to this place, that's for sure.I have never had such TERRIBLE SERVICE and been OVERCHARGED for it!
I went to Cleopatra on a Thursday night with about 9 people for a friend's going away celebration. As soon as I got there the few people who were there before me told me that we had to have a hookah for every two people and that we weren't allowed to share. This seemed odd to me but we shared anyway.
The servers were very inattentive and rude when they did talk to us. We ended up getting 6 hookahs at the $12+tax charge plus $1 each for 2 extra coals. our night ended abruptly when not 15 minutes after getting our extra coals, the hookahs were taken from in front of us. I know my coal was still burning orange and there was still smoke pulling but the man told me they were done. I tried to tell him that we had literally JUST received the extra coals so he decided to shove the top of the hookah in my face saying that it was done, even as I pointed out the fact that it was still burning. After being treated badly all night we decided to leave at this point. We looked at the check and it said $98 without any breakdown of the charges. On top of the hookahs we ordered 2 $2 waters so our check should have been $78, or $83.46 with a 7% sales tax. When we tried to ask if they included tip the man said "no tip." I tried to argue against it but my friends ended up paying the extra money so we could just leave as quickly as possible.
The man even complained that we were at the table for a long time but there were empty tables all night.
Hands down WORST experience and I hope to never go back.I would give this place 0 stars if I could. The owner is incredibly rude and RACIST! Went in here on a Friday night. All of my friends and I are well over 18, yet the owner kept yelling at us (I mean literally screaming), trying to say that we were showing him fakes. Finally he sat us and got annoyed after my friend questioned if there was a menu we could look at, saying that we asked too many questions and if didn't like that there wasn't a menu we could leave. Well we gladly did, with this man following closely behind us and aggressively shoving my black male friend out the door. Please do NOT patronize this business.This is my favorite sheesha, hookah place in Philly.  The service is very quick.  Within a few minutes, they are there to take your order and a few minutes thereafter, your sheesha is brought to your table.  Coals are replaced pretty frequently and if you have an issue with a sheesha, just ask and they will fix it.  The hookahs are clean too.  They have a whole variety of flavors but I just stick to my rotation of Cherry-Mint and Watermelon-Mint.  Their mint tea is also fresh, piping hot and flavorful - its authentic mint tea.  They have cappuccino as well which is delicious.  No really diverse food or dessert offerings so plan to eat before or after!
Its a small place but the tables are evenly spaced so you are not sitting on top of other people - perfect place to chill out, smoke a pipe and hang out with a group of friends.  Its dark inside and they have some disco lights set up, so dont expect a well lit area.  The music is played at a decent volume so its not too loud to have a conversation but not too quiet either - its either house or arabic pop music - nothing else in between.  
In reading the reviews, I noticed some people have challenges with the people that work there and owner.  I actually have a very different opinion.  The one big rule they have is a minimum of one hookah per two people.  Its a pretty simple rule and just makes sense for a small cafe in west philly to have in place - its like a minimum order menu.  If you follow the rules, they'll treat you like royalty!  Enjoy the smoke!Here is the deal, I've been a regular customer since the time these guys opened up shop which was almost a year ago. I am a hookah fanatic, and their hookah is the best in Philly, hands down. 
But here is the deal, your experience at the place will depend on the mood of this guy, I think his name is Adil or something. When they first opened, it was Adil and Mahamoud. While Mahamoud was around, I had the best customer experience. But the day Mahamoud stopped working there, I've had the worst time. 
Adil will hit on the women (especially if you are two or more women in the group), and will treat the men like shit. If you do not look like you're from Saudi, and if you are male, you can only pray that Adil will be in a good mood to treat you like a human being. The later you come to this joint aka after midnight or 1am, the higher your chances are of being treated like crap. He is very very visibly on coke or extremely high, and will often get aggressive with the guys for no reason. 
Keep in mind, I've been coming here for over a year, and this has happened atleast 5-6 times with me, and I've seen it countless times with other customers. I have no idea why I chose to ignore it so long. Maybe because their hookah is so good, and I often came in with only a male friend. But whenever I brought other girl friends or a group of mixed gendered people, this ALWAYS happened. It varied in terms of severity. But now I am so embarrassed to recommend this place to any of my friends anymore. 
I think the time is approaching when they will be sued. The place has pissed off a lot of people.  And btw, I saw a lot of negative reviews a couple of weeks ago about this place, but somehow, very mysteriously, all of them have disappeared. I dont know whats going on here.Meh! The place is great, the price is cool and the are always in top with the coal issue without charging you every time. They only flaw this place has is that its BYOB but you have to pay $25 to do so ... Wtf right? You also can not have any food! \  I get the food part but hookah + drinks = a good time. How can you claim to be BYOB and then charge me $25 to bring in liquor? Idk but that was a big set back for me. I shall not return.I really liked this place at first, considering it was
1) open very late, till about 3 am
2) ridiculously cheap at $10 for a hookah (can't find that ANYWHERE in Philly) 
3) playing my favorite Arabic music as we smoked
However, I got completely turned off by this place when dealing with the owner, who is an extremely racist, sexist, and entirely awful person. He tried to over-charge us every time we went, rushed us out of the cafe so he could smoke with his friends outside, yelled at my friends for "being Bengali", and yelled at us when we showed up for our reservation of over 10 people. While all of this was going on, he was extremely friendly (read touchy feely) with groups of girls that walked in.
Also, as noted by others already, they have filtered out negative reviews to only show positive ones. This place needs new management badly as it could be one of the best hookah bars in Philly with a proper owner who doesn't treat customers like shit.I went with three other people on a Thursday night for sheesha - though I have to explain that I don't like sheesha, so I was only there for the company.  So we seated ourselves (because no one was in sight), looked at the menu and were ready to order.  When the server approached us (who we later found out was the owner.....so much worse), the first thing he BARKED at us was that we HAD to order two sheeshas.  Why?  Because it's one sheesha per three people - and we were four.  I explained that I don't do sheesha - "It doesn't matter, you have to order two, now go think about it"....and he walked off.  At this point, my friend was fuming and ready to leave.  But we stayed.  We endured more awkward experiences every time we spoke to the "waiter."  When my husband asked him to fix the sheesha, because it was harsh, the response was "Have you never done sheesha before?  I've been here since 1994 and no one has ever said it's harsh."  ERRRRR.  We were definitely overcharged for two sheeshas (the second of which was clearly forced on us), two teas, a diet coke and a slice of cheesecake clearly from ShopRite.
I would not recommend this place - SOLELY due to BAD  service.  If you don't mind being treated like a horrible pest they can't wait to get rid of, this place has decent sheesha and green tea.I seriously only do reviews if I hate a place or love it. Unfortunately, this is not a good review for this place. There were originally supposed to be 12 people in our party, including myself and my best friend. She and I arrived before everyone else, so we decided to go ahead and start without everyone. We didn't even step through the door before we were stopped by this incredibly rude man on the phone. He asked how many, and we explained SEVERAL times that there were 10 other people coming, but she and I were going to start, and that it would only be us two. He told us to wait outside and would not let us in. After ten minutes of going back and fourth, we left and went somewhere. Please, DO NOT waste your money at this rude, overpriced, unprofessional establishment!Such a nice place nice music . Not expansive, I always go there. A good place to chill and have a good time. Really great hookah and it last long.I entered the guy attacked me ID never a hello looked at me scornfully asked me if I was high. Said well u only have 45 minutes looked at me scornfully ....clearly rude and unprofessional my friend walked pass too me it is a tasteful and tactful way u do things donot treat people according to the way they look everyone is a paying customer I was very offended and walked out... well maybe everyone won't have the same experience ....totally wackMy fav go to hookah spot...chill atmosphere great staff...the owner Mike is a sweetheart...and the prices are greatI've been a regular of sorts since November and love it. Cheap ($11 for up to 5 people per hookah), awesome music, and their tea selection is great.Meh is the word to describe. The hookah is definitely the cheapest i know, but the waiter (and i assume owner) is an unfriendly man and definitely does not welcome the non-ethnic crowd very much. if you JUST want hookah then go here but i wouldn't go here for much more.Worst hookah experience ever. Overpriced and it smells really bad like some one pissed everywhere never come here everI am from out of town , the owner was super accommodating for me and my friend on a Monday early morning. Music, drinks, and hookah is. Great! Definitely stop by when you have the chance !!!So far so good.  Just wanted a chill hookah spot.  Reasonable pricing and drinks.  Just wish they had food.When I first came here about a year ago, I was so excited that Philly finally had a place to smoke high quality, cheap sheesha while enjoying some authentic MIddle Eastern tea.  While the decor in Cleopatras is modest, it really reminded me of Horus Cafe in NYC, which is my favorite hookah place on the East Coast.
The first time we went to Cleopatras was when the cafe was new.  I remember the management being short with their words, but quick to bring free, extra coals and good mint tea.  Unfortunately, my friends and I have had a completely different experience since then...
One time we went and ordered 2 hookas for 4 or 5 people.  They seemed annoyed we didn't want a third hookah.  When I then asked for tea, the server/owner gave me an annoyed look and didn't say anything.  One of the guys in our group went to go remind them about the tea for our group because they never brought it.  They guy yelled at him to go sit down.
Another time we wanted to sit outside because it was a nice night out, and the owner told us we weren't allowed to, even though all the seats outside were free.  We said, "why can't we sit outside?" and he yelled that if we didn't want to sit inside we could leave.  Apparently, the outside tables are only reserved for the owner of the restaurant and his old male friends.
Another time we went our friend was leaning against a radiator next to our group of tables.  The owner came over and started yelling at him for leaning on the radiator (which wasn't on, it was summer) saying that he was causing a disruption.  My friend asked him to calm down and he would move, but then the owner called him a "black" (which he isn't, but apparently this was an insult - so racist) and our group left immediately.
The very last time we attempted to go, we had a reservation for an after-party of about 8 people or so.  As soon as we got there, the owner came up to us and started shoving us out the door, saying all the tables were full.  We said we had a reservation and we didn't mind waiting.  He starting screaming (like out of control anger) and shoving and getting in the guys' faces in our group.  We left and never went back again.
Also, I'm sure this will get "filtered" like all the other negative comments, but I wouldn't recommend supporting a business from this man.  He is rude, racist, and hostile, and I would not feel safe going back there again.Way too expensive, no menu, and no food. I feel like they looked me up and down, and said " this guy will pay 35 for a hookah, and a cup of coffee."  Never coming here again.Owners are gruff, but not rude. If you want obsequious or super friendly service yeah this isn't the place for you. Unfortunately with the number of shisha bars out there in a friendly service oriented society them running it like the corner shisha bar in Egypt probably won't go over so well for them. Anyways they seemed nice enough to me but I don't expect super friendly service. Place is pretty standard. Kinda pricey on the BYOB charges. Standard crappy electronic music that I've heard in almost every shisha joint from here to Bosnia to Egypt. Very dark, as a shisha den should be.I attend TRS which is right up the block i havent been to a lot of hookah bars but out of all the ones ive been to this is one of the best the service is great and they have a nice range of flavors on the new menuWent with a group of friends and we were insanely overcharged. We had 4 hookahs and 13 drinks between 9 people and somehow the bill was $358. It should have been $12/ hookah and $8/ drink. Somehow he came up with 21 drinks and wouldn't itemize the bill so we could see what cost or how much tax really was. Will never go back. Don't waste your time or money.I noticed several people's negative comments got filtered. I wonder why.  This place was horrible and the workers were very unfriendly.  Lets just leave it at that.  I came here with my fiance to smoke hookah and after we finished we quickly left extremely furious about the service that we got.  DO NOT GO HERE! Run! Your best off buying your own hookah off ebay or amazon and hangin out in the comfort of your own home with your friends.  Thats what we ended up doing.  These people were very rude and nasty and i wanna say racist.Shit's changed, man.
1) 2 people to a hookah at $12+ tax currently. Still cheap but....
2)Staff is now very rude and unwelcoming for the most part.
Time to find a new spot.At first this place looks kind of intimidating because it is really dark inside, and when you walk in you pretty much feel like you're walking in on a private event.  The people in charge here, though, are very friendly once you sit down and get to talking.  The hooka here is pretty cheap - it's ten bucks any flavor.  The flavors they have listed on the menu are mango, peach, apple, melon, mint, grape, two apples, orange, guava and cherry.  Other than that, they offer the regular hot/cold drink lineup, as well as cheesecake and homemade baklava.  No alcohol.  Not BYOB.  There are also two big TVs in here.  It's a simple setup, nothing fancy.  If you're hungry for actual food, you can just step over to kabobeesh.Shitty host..a bald guy comes in with out a menu..and says some random flavors..very in professional.Zero star worst place to have a hookah 
I ask for a mint shisha, he gives me the worst flavor I have ever tasted(not mint) I repeat I want tea the guy offers me alcohol, he makes assumptions I can't afford my hookah, I leave him the change and he says "thks m'am" FYI Arab guys stop stereotyping Ethipiopian Women!The service is horrible the owner is ignorant  and rude. Currently there the hucca and price is decent. The ambience is dark and loud. I would only suggest based on price, better off smoking at home.No menu, no service. Got 2 hookahs for 3 people party. Cafe is only using single hose hookahs. No mention of price of hookahs or session. No bar menu, no tobacco list...no fruit bowls. Do they make food? No service, just awkward staring and a surprise price on the bill. We miss you Aloosh. Trying Luxor next.Wow, reading all the other reviews, I was worried that I would have a terrible experience. No way, it was solid. I visited with a friend around 11:30pm on a Saturday, and it was packed with groups of students each smoking 2-4 hookahs. They played Arabic music in the background, and had those crazy green-dot laser light beams going which I did find a little irritating. 
The sheesha was good, inexpensive, and the mint tea was absolutely wonderful. The manager was very attentive and did keep a good eye on our coals, and changed them periodically. There is only one unisex bathroom for the entire place, and thankfully it was clean when I used it. Big plus.
I had no issue with the management, the service, or the products, and I'll probably return here in the future. Happy that this place stays open late!They have good hookah at pretty fair prices (maybe a little expensive when you go in any group bigger than 5). We went in a huge group so the service was a little slow as I expected. I had an overall good experience here with funny, loud music and cool bubbles soap to blow smoke into.They don't even deserve one star. I wish I could give negative stars.  Customer service was the worst.  Dude got irritated because we inquired about having to pay for the coal separately or does it come with the hookah. We bounced.I will never go to this place again! The hookah is $30 per 2 people. It was barely pulling. They did not fix it. The drinks are all $15 they say it's top shelf and double shots in the liquor however you can't even taste the liquor and I bought two drinks. They snatched the hookah away and said it was done. This place is just HORRIBLE! Don't waste your time or your money!!Did not like the place and will not recommend it to my friends for following reasons:
-Unfriendly server...bad attitude! ("There's no menu-I am the menu! What do you want")
-When we brought the burning of the flavor into his notice, he asked if we had ever smoken a hukka before?!
-Using charcoal instead of regular coal spoiled the experience
-Accepted cash only-it was inconvenient!If you want cheap hookah and a soda or cup of tea, this place rocks. If you get hungry, this place sucks. Service is ok but the hookah was great for the price.Good and inexpensive Shisha which really don't make up for poor service!! customers choose to go there to chill not keep up with the rude owner!
Half Yelp!Are you a fan of rules? Do you enjoy strict guidelines? Does your idea of a night out include restrictions that even Mubarak himself would think too harsh?
Well do I have a recommendation for you!
Cleopatra cafe has what every neofascist is looking for... 
An empty seating area with a 45 minute smoking time restriction. 
A coal refill fee for those who smoke fast enough to finish their coals within the allotted time period. 
A star buzz price $5 greater than the other 4 or 5 hookah bars in the area.
An owner that will badger you repeatedly every 1.5 minutes after you tell him you're still deciding what to order until finally he asks you "are you waiting for more people to come or...?" and you decide to leave and go to Luxor cafe.
Did you read this review and think "yes! I've been wanting to return to the totalitarian homeland that my parents fled and requested asylum from"? 
Well then head on over to cleopatra cafe!Hello fellow creatures of the night
A haiku (ish):
After hours, here
the price we pay, decided 
arbitrarily 
Fun time$. Bulky pockets not so bulky when we left. 
4 stars for cleo's clandestine-ation and 1 for the cool dude who owns the gym upstairs, yeah!Terrible hell hole of a place. Especially when it comes to customer service and just being welcomed in an establishment where you are going to be spending your hard earned money!!!!Friday night/Sat morning 2:15ish am. Arrived with my cousin, the guy or owner seemed angry. Was very impatient seating us when NOBODY was in there except a group already seated. We picked our seat, he stands on top of us and tells us $30 for hookah. We said okay. He walked away, another guy came right after, repeated the price, then ask for payment at that very moment. We've only been sitting for less than 5minutes!! Now I'm turnt all the wayyy off at this point. We paid. Only to find out the place that sells food next door(runs by this establishment) is closed!! Even though we called and asked specifically about food and time but was not given adequate information. LACK OF BASIC INFORMATION! to PAYING customers!!!!! Business is about customers service. You are ignorant. This is not your area of expertise. Forgot to add, we left within 10mins of paying $30 to them for hookah. Didn't even touch it. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS VOID OF A PLACE to anyone!!Was excited when I heard about a decent hookah bar in university city. However when we got there, we were greeted by extremely rude management who obviously didn't want any business at 9:45 on a Saturday night. After we left the cafe, the owner came outside and felt the need to further curse at patrons. We were simply trying to tell the manager that even though we had 10 people in our group, only 6 of us wanted to smoke hookah. He wasn't willing to deal with this even though the cafe was dead empty. He then proceeded to tell us that even though only one of us wanted to drink, it would be a $50 dollar surcharge. Management wasn't too happy when we told them not everyone in our party wanted to partake in the hookah and thus led to the ridiculously rude service. I will never attempt to go here again. Even though we had people who didn't want to smoke hookah, management wanted to charge $15 dollars per every 2 people for a hookah. What kind of service is this? I honestly can't comprehend how rude management was the minute we entered the cafe. You think they would be happy to see a crowd of 10 people walk in on a dead Saturday night. The fact that they then followed us outside and cursed at us out of nowhere was even crazier. There's really no words to explain the off the wall experience we had at this place.Cleopatra cafe
A review 
After hours, here
the price we pay, decided 
arbitrarily
That is my review you win some you lose someIt may have been the owner, or just who was serving us, hut he was an older man. He was SO rude and very persistent, and pushy. We were waiting for some of our party to get out of the bathroom, and he kept coming over to us, asking to take our order, rushing us when clearly the rest of our party that he, himself seated were not present. Sitting there looking ay the menu, on the flip side of it was a full page's worth of a "list of rules" which automatically I knew was about to make me upset. I don't remember anything else but the "rule" that "you have no rights". That in itself did not sit right with me, or anyone else in my party for that matter. It was pretty loud, there were a lot of people, as well as music playing. I was trying to get my friends attention, so I called her name loud enough so she could hear me over the noise. And he told me to "calm down". I was not being inappropriately loud, so this really got under my skin. not long after we ordered, my party and I just got up and left.The owner of this place is racist. When I finally decided to visit this hookah place across the street, we got there and it looked closed and the door was locked. So as we were about to walk away the owner unlocked the door and let us in. We were of course the only people there. We asked if they have food here and he said no (Angrily) then we asked if they allow outside food since some places do that. He got upset and said I will charge each one of you $40 to eat here or you can get out THEN he proceeds to say RACIAL slurs that if I mentioned on yelp and he wasn't directing the racists slurs to us but towards African American customers who come there with food. I was gonna deal with his rudeness and let it go but racism just like that? Yeah I'm not gonna let that one pass.  Don't go to that racist place. Let that be known.Unbelievably rude management. My friend went to the bathroom close to closing time and they kept banging on the door to get him to come out. At one point they threatened to call the police. He'd been in there for 5 minutes. When he came out, he started smoking hookah because it was still working and they literally yanked the hose out and took it away without saying a word. I have never been treated this poorly anywhere else. I wish I hadn't tipped them but it's not like they gave me any choice. They never came back with the change once we paid the bill.this place used to be good but now it sucks. I went here a few weeks ago with two of my freinds .The manager told me they have a new rule that only two people can smoke one hookah. We told him politely that only 2 of us will be smoking because the 3rd person did not smoke but he was persistant and we had to leave. I was very dissapointed because this used to be one of my favourite places to hang out and chillThis place is terrible pricy drinks rude staff and  terrible service . Mike one of the workers there were rude to me and my friends he told us that we could get out all because I asked him to turn the air up. I also asked him the price of my drink before I ordered it and told me he would come back with a price. Instead he came back with the drink and charges me $20  for one drink . Then I asked him to fix my coals on the hookah machine and he told me it didn't matter because I was about to get out anyway . I will never go back here again I don't care if someone's treating me I never been treated so bad in any business establishment.While the hookah was fair, the customer service was atrocious- the worst I've ever been treated. It's probably not worth it to go into the specifics of our visit, but you would be wise to go somewhere else. All the while that my friend and I were at this place, we felt as if we weren't wanted there, and the owner was very cold and accusatory. It's very obvious that they have a privileged set of clientele that regularly visit them, most likely close friends and family. We do not intend on returning after our horrible experience.As other people have said, the service at this establishment is absolutely TERRIBLE.  I am not sure how the other reviewer, Marissa, convinced them to allow up to 5 people per hookah, but when I went last night they would only agree to seat us if we purchased 1 hookah for every 2 people, which is complete overkill when you have a group of 10.  They may be quick with the hookahs and coals, but they are also extremely impolite, impatient, and rude to customers.  They snapped the coal tongs in front of one of my friend's faces to get his attention, and one of the owners proceeded to later direct a racist comment at me (shouting "Hey! CHINA!!" in an angry manner to get my attention).
I have come to Cleopatra previously and not had any big issues besides the slightly sub-par service, but this experience from last night has convinced me not to return.  Possibly the owner may have been having a bad day, but that is no excuse for the behavior we saw.  Go to one of the other hookah bars in West Philadelphia, I am convinced that they cannot possibly have worse service than Cleopatra Cafe.They are a bunch of racist bastards who deleted my last comment to make themselves look good. Do not go here if you are black, puerto rican or any other ethnic minority race. This place is utterly disgusting and should be shutdown! My fiancé and I were treated like shit here.