5 stars for the girls and the service
4 start because they have a cover charge and the drinks are a little bit expensive.
Overall this is a good spot just to hang out and have a couple beers.  The girls usually don't really bother you that much as other place.  Most of them are above average looking, the shot girl is alway cute the last 3-4 times me and my friends were there.  The music is decent, like club music, not cheesy rock n roll or oldies like some other place.  They also have plenty of tv screens if you wanna watch the game or MMA fight.Terrible place, they wouldn't let in the bachelor on a bachelor party. This place can go screw itself, Philly style.I stop into this place several times a month. You won't find a better club in the Philadelphia area. From the moment you walk into the club until you leave, the staff here is friendly, helpful, and fun. As soon as you enter, you'll be asked to pay your cover charge, and Kiersten, who is here most nights at the front, always has a smile on here face. She frequently dresses according to several theme nights, and obviously has fun doing it. As you walk into the club, you'll notice that they really take pride in the appearance. The bartenders are friendly and attentive, and you'll be sipping down your first drink in no time. It will only take two or three visits before a few of the bartenders will recognize you. The drinks are reasonably priced, and there's a great craft beer selection. The food is pretty tasty and not overly expensive. Oh, yeah, the dancers. Management has made sure that there are many different dancers to meet your preferences. Tall, petite, girl next door, and with a little bit of ink, you'll always have some fantastic ladies to look at, and talk with. Overall, I can't say enough good things about this place.The economy must have been really slow.  Last couple times here the place was dead.  Especially on Sunday and Monday, even when there's football game going on.  The girls on those night most are below average.  But come here on Thursday, Fri and Sat and it's much different.Meh.
The girls were definitely above average. I did go on a good night tho. Fri/Sat (can't quite remember it was about half a year ago). A couple real beauties. And of course a couple not real beauties. But you'll get that anywhere you go. Well of course you're on Broad in San Fran. Oh how I miss you California.
Anyways, drinks were expensive of course. But the thing that really ticked me off is that the closest you can get to the girls without buying a dance is nowhere near close!!! You sit at the bar and the stage is an island like 10 feet away from you. You can't lay down dollar bills (my FAVORITE thingggggg...I always make all the men in the room jealous how I throw it down and get the ladies to come to me!) but instead have to throw them to even attempt to get them to the dancers. (Although I read below that that is not allowed? No one said anything to me.) So stupid.
Bought a couple dances for myself and my friend. Good damn dances. The atmosphere could be better. It's a room in the back (didn't feel grimy at all..that's one thing, the club is clean. Besides the heavy smell of smoke which you will indeed smell on your clothes the next day), but it's not all that private. There's little booths around the outside of the room and your dancer will take you to one. There were probably about 10 other dancers giving dances to other people around the room when I got mine. But I'll be honest it didn't bother me that much. Like I said they had a couple real beauties. Very friendly too :) If only I had written this review closer to when I had gone.
I think dances ran about 30-40. Cover was decent if I remember correctly. Unlike Show & Tel across the way. My party (me and my other sexy female friend, and 3 guy friends) and I stopped at Show & Tel first and they wanted us ladies to pay the same as the guys, and they were also rude when I asked for a discount for the girls. Oh well, I don't deal well with unfriendly strip club staff so I said peace and took my group across the way to Club Risque hoping for better luck and nicer people. When I proposed the same discount to Risque they were more than happy to oblige. And also didn't ID if I remember correctly for all you yunguns out there trying to see some strippers haha.
This is the only strip club I've been to in Philly and it doesn't compare to San Fran but I'd go back if I had some extra cash to spend. Definitely want to find a place that will let me make it rain during stage performances though.I don't like to review a strip club but I have been to Risque' for two different shows. Last time it was Wednesday night. The prices are bit higher than in the other clubs but is kind of normal for a club anyway. The girls are pretty just the strippers are a little bit old. I had fun, but I can't say that I liked the music. It was terrible. For example after a rock song he played Ameno then a rap song. It was the same problem when I've been before, a Monday night. I think it was the same DJ. There are great DJ's in Philly they should try an other one in Wednesday nights.Very friendly spot.  The girls are beautiful and the bartenders are friendly.  Especially Nancy; besides the girls, she keeps me coming back.  Fantastic spotCrappy service, unable to get service for food, even though they have a full menu. Long wait lines for shows upstairs, rude attendant, unable to be seated before start time, show didn't start on time. Forced to sit in strip club side in order to keep warm, couldn't get food there either and had to tip for dancers that i didn't want to watch! Don't waste your money!Love this place! Cameron and Reagan give the best lap dances! Highly recommend. The food is pretty good for a strip club. I enjoyed the crab meat pasta. The free lunch from 12-3pm is a nice touch. There are some underrated pole dancers here. The burlesque shows upstairs are always a good time too.This place is small compared to Penthouse. But they had more strippers. Economic and sum what crowdy. Sometimes the place feels congested but lapdance was cool.. :)This club is terrible, there are definitely a few bartenders that are awesome but regardless of whether or not you have one of the better bartenders the service will be slack.  They'd rather talk to each other than care about giving you good service, and the management is unnecessarily rude.  The rooms are ridiculously cheap (200) and the girls are very sweet but there are very few impressive dancers (if you care about pole tricks or flow and grace).  The music is pretty decent but the stage is dissappointing because not only can you not touch the girls, but it is next to impossible to "make it rain;" after politely asking a bartender to throw some money at a girl she scoffed at me and walked away, so she clearly didn't care about anyone but herself, after giving me awful service.  I ordered a grilled cheese with bacon and received it without bacon, the cook is great and I definitely have enjoyed the food before but this was the entirely the lame, and stuck up bartender's fault.  Do not ever work here, as a warning to dancers, and if you're trying to go in as a customer, DON'T because it's not worth your time and you'll end up leaving and going to Delilah's anyway, so just save your money paying for a cover and your first drink, and just go there because realisticly, you're reading a yelp reveiw right now, and all of Delilah's yelp reveiws are much bettter.... for a reason.Spent Saturday night at Club Risque Philly watching Mayweather vs. McGregor. Great time. Cigars and cocktails. Girls were Hot!Bought a $200 bottle plus $20 tip from a waitress named Kate. Checked my credit card statement and they decided to take the privilege to charge me at $240.00. Don't trust them with your card. I didn't have any trouble at Delilah's and you can see why they are 20 times better and more successful.The Low Down
A diverse mix of the area's hottest dancers?  Check.  Private party room, bottle service and VIP treatment?  Check.  Bachelor Party packages?  Check.  Exciting events such as adult entertainer appearances, amateur nights, couples nights and golf outings?  Check.  Club Risqué Philadelphia, the "Delaware Valley's Premiere Gentlemen's Club," has been my favorite gentlemen's club in the Philadelphia-area for many years now.  It truly offers anything and everything you can imagine from a high-end gentlemen's club and so much more.
Location & Facilities - 5 Stars
Club Risqué Philadelphia is located on South Columbus Boulevard (Delaware Ave as the locals know it) and is minutes from I-76, I-95, Center City Philadelphia and many of the major bridges.  Both on-street and lot parking directly across the street are free and SEPTA bus service runs nearby.  When you first step inside, you'll be greeted by a massive bar area with two main poles on the stage, surrounded by additional poles and seating for the busy evening and weekend crowds.  Club Risqué Philadelphia offers a semi-private couch dance room, two separate champagne courts, VIP room with stage and private bar and even a second-floor party space with separate entrance for the All Male Revue Upstairs At Risqué for the ladies.
Staff - 5 Stars
From the sexy waitresses to the tuxedo-wearing bouncers, the staff at Club Risqué Philadelphia is some of the friendliest and most accommodating you'll find.  Special shout out to the awesome night manager Adam who has gone out of his way to make sure my friends and I have had a great experience during each visit.
Food & Drink - 5 Stars
Club Risqué Philadelphia offers a full bar along with an extensive menu of appetizers, sandwiches, wraps, and entrees such as Pasta Alfredo, Grilled Salmon and Stuffed Flounder as well as daily dinner specials which occasionally include Filet Mignon.  You'll also find an extensive list of champagne, white and red wines, cognac and bottle service on the drink menu.  The club also offers a free lunch buffet from noon until 3:00pm, Monday to Friday, with such options as cheesesteaks, meatball sandwiches, Risqué burger and salad.
Dancers - 5 Stars
Club Risqué features a diverse mix of dancers of various ages and ethnicities... and also some sporting very impressive tattoos!  I've had many fun evenings with too many dancers to give credit to here (although I must pay tribute to Bella, Chelsea, Star and Mickela), but I have to give special attention to the adorably cute Ginger, who is as amazing on the pole as she is at giving a sensual and seductive couch dance!
Value - 5 Stars
For being one of Philadelphia's most upscale gentlemen's clubs, the prices at Club Risqué Philadelphia are excellent for the value you receive.  Couch dances are $20.00 per song and the champagne court is $200.00 per half-hour and includes a bottle of champagne or two drinks, some of the lowest prices you'll find at any Philadelphia-area gentlemen's club.  There's a 10% charge to use your credit card for the champagne court so bring cash if you want to save money.  The food and drink prices are very reasonable, but the club does offer bottle service and premium cigars if you want to have a lavish evening by yourself or with friends.  Call ahead and have your Philadelphia hotel room key handy for complimentary transportation and admission!
Website & Social Media - 5 Stars
You'll find everything you need for an exciting evening of adult entertainment at ClubRisque.com, including information on their Northeast Philadelphia and Bristol, PA locations.  You can also follow the club on Facebook and Twitter for up-to-the-minute news and event information.  Oh, and there's also an app for that!
In Brief...
Whether you're looking for a night out by yourself to watch sports and enjoy great food, a bachelor party you'll always remember or an incredible VIP experience with some of the hottest ladies in the area,  Club Risqué Philadelphia has something for everyone!I've been here a couple times and have not been disappointed. 
Basics: Cover is $5 Sun-Thurs after 7. $10 Fri and Sat after 7 and some special events.  Went this past Tuesday for the Fat Tuesday hosted by the Preston and Steve crew.  $10 cover to get in.  Standard $20 couch dances.  $200 for 1/2 hour in the Champagne Room gets you a couple of drinks and (maybe) a bit more privacy depending on how busy the room is.  The couches are a bit bigger and (at least during my trip there) the girls really turn on the charm.
Triangular bar surrounds the two stages.  Unlike a couple such establishments I've been to there is no obstructed view anywhere in the main room.  A fair amount of seating off to each side, but if it's busy expect to do a bit of standing.  The couch room is in the back left corner.  Many couches, spacious, and just the right amount of light.  It's not particularly private but with a lovely set of twins in your face you don't notice much else.  A nice rotation of girls, and hey!, this particular night there was no old lady who really should hang it up and stop trying to make eye contact with me!!   Beautiful brunette Mandy graced me with a couple dances.  She was by far the sexiest lady in the place and really knows how to move in the couch room.  Highly recommended.Came here for a Bachelor Party. It was our last stop for the night. One of the strippers, Lita, was super friendly and not aggressive. I'd say most of the other strippers were not approachable. We were sitting there for probably an hour and none of the strippers were soliciting us. It was like they didn't want to make money. Eventually we had to scout strippers for the bachelor and he had a great time. In terms of looks, our group tends to be into thicker women, so you won't find that here. Drinks were relatively inexpensive.I'm surprised Risque has such poor ratings on here.  I didn't think it was the best place ever, but it's pretty alright.  Here are some highlights: drinks are reasonably priced, they're open until 4 am some nights, couples' nights = free drink for companion, impressively clean and new ladies' room, several TVs, and they give away free stuff sometimes.  I scored a free hat.  I used to list smoking inside as a pro, but now that I've quit, it's annoying.  Fun place, I'm a fan.This place isn't getting enough credit.  First of all, it's a strip club in Philadelphia, on Columbus Boulevard, so don't expect too much.  That would be like walking into Ikea, and expecting to buy furniture akin to West Elm.  Or buying a case of Keystone light and expecting the same quality as corona. etc etc.  Anyway, I went on a friday night with my boyfriend, and had a great time.  The drinks are expensive, and there's a 2 drink minimum if you're sitting in the chairs, not sure if it's the same at the bar.  It was a $10 cover for each of us, and there's a metal detector.  There were 3 girls that were just gorgeous, 1 Caucasian, 1 African American, and 1 Asian.  Most of the rest had at least 1 redeeming quality physically, and there were a few Uglarians.  About half of the girls had breast implants, some obvious, some not so much, the rest had naturals, some big, some small, some none at all.   Not everyone was in great physical shape, but I could appreciate that because not every man goes to a strip club to see Barbie take off her clothes. Even the aforementioned Uglarians got a lot of tips from different men.  There were a few girls that had no idea what they were doing, a few that really knew how to shake and work the pole/stage, and one that just walked around and didn't do anything with a stank attitude.  There was also a girl that only gave massages, and from the looks of her clients, they were goooood massages.   I had 2 drinks, I don't know what the first one was, I told the bartender I wanted something sweet and strong, and she made me something pineappley.  The second drink I had was a peach martini, very strong, and I also had 2 shots from the shot girl.  It was the shot girl's first night, but she was really cute and outgoing and I liked talking to her.  The shots were $5 each, $10 if you wanted her to straddle you, deep throat the tube and pour it down your throat.  I had one each way, I enjoyed them both.  The women's bathroom is locked, and you need to ask one of the many tuxedoed men to let you in, which isn't a problem.  One thing I didn't understand is that you aren't allowed to throw bills on the stage, which I've never heard of before, and they don't exactly make it clear beforehand.  Another thing I didn't like is that since we went close to Christmas, the Dj was playing CHRISTMAS SONGS... which is a little twisted and not really conducive to the atmosphere.  He also wasn't very good at playing songs that meshed well together, he needs to work on his flow. All of the girls work a circuit, starting at one end of the room, stopping at each pole along the outer circle, then getting on stage, stopping at each of the 2 poles, then working their way around the bar, then out onto the floor.  Just make sure you wear clothes that you don't mind if they smell like smoke.  You don't really notice it when you're inside, but the next morning, everything smells horrible, your hair, your clothes, everything.  ugh.  Oh, and last thing, strippers love girls.Rip off... average looking chicks. Wasted money with lap dances and paid before each one, as I'm leaving the loser bouncer says I owe$40... I wasn't that drunk. I was arguing it because I paid for all 3 consecutively as the stripper made me do. Gave a hefty tip... they are scum and try to rip you for any money. DON'T GO HERE!  Scandalous as they come...There were no recent reviews and so i decided to put one in. I was there for my 21st and first ever trip to a strip club and it wasn't that crowded maybe because of the convention. The entry fee was decent 5 bucks, the bouncer was not rude, he asked everyone for id and voila we were in. After going in and taking seat at the bar we saw amazing girls performing. The girls also come to wherever you are sitting incase you don't know how to proceed or ask for a private dance. No pro tips here. Shout out to Nina! She was exceptionally amazing(1st lapdance).Another great time at the anniversary party! Gina, Tracy, Kelly... Best bartenders out there! Best girls in philly! Risqué always a class act.Went to check this place out beforegoing to the full nude club show and tel which is right down the street. But the girls in here were top notch all different types and shapes, nice lapdances and also really cheap, only 20 bucks per song, the only downfall is that its not full nude, but that kind of adds to the class of the place in leaving things to the imaginationCool spot. It's been a while since I have been to a club like this. Where I am from, clubs seem to be either over the top, and expensive that it leaves you feeling inaccurate for their worth. This place has a laid back style, and allows you to enjoy the atmosphere. Wish I had a dance with cleopatra (aka Carmen). As I gave her that nickname, sure enough she was busy the rest of the night. Thank you for even dark Asian beauty that I had a dance. Her sensuality was awesome to enjoy too. If you looking for a place that meets its mark with all of its staff. This place is certainly a place to go.Very bad service.  Waited over 30 minutes for a drink with only 8 customers at bar?!?!  Bartenders seemed more interested in pouring their own drinks as I watched them do shot after shot. Is there any management in this club or do the employees run this club. Such a bad experienceI've never reviewed a strip club before, so I'm not quite sure as to what I am to review.  I'll try to break it down in terms of what matters to those attending.
Girls-Well, I gave it two stars for a reason. To be fair, I have only ever been there on off nights... but even some all-stars play in games that don't matter and I never saw one "all-star."
Beer/Drinks- What you would expect to pay at a strip club, in other words: expensive
Set-up- The stage is in the middle of the bar and there is an elevated "platform" with tables to sit at.  This, I feel was the best aspect of CR, those who seek a close up view can sit at the bar, while others can talk with friends on the side.
I say give Club Risque a chance, it may be more your type of place than it is mine.  I am feeling like my initial two star rating may have been a little harsh, it is probably closer to 3 stars.  My advice would be to check it out on a Thursday-Saturday night, I feel like the set-up gives it the potential to be a fun place to "relax."The strip club is pretty decent looking but they charge $15 to get in, $7 for a bottle of beer, and have to spend at least $30 to use card. I didn't even bother checking out the dances. Probably $40 a dance or something. It's quite different than the ones I'm used to back home.When you think of strip clubs, you think disgusting and not classy but this place actually is not as dirty or disgusting as I thought. It is probably one of the classy ones in the Philly area. Most girls are pretty and some have really great talent on the pole. I think I didn't feel that uncomfortable in there being a girl. The girls didn't force themselves on anyone. Trust me, there are places where girls sell themselves to get a buck but they actually wait for people to go to them. The waitresses were nice, attentive and very quick too. Good job on that.
Oh, and also, Aurora and Allie are f'n hot.Visited this weekend. Good atmosphere and gorgeous girls. Had a great time until 4AM.Club risque delaware ave is the best gentlemans club in philly. The dancers range in age with some above average hotties Also, some of the best looking and friendly bartenders ive ever encountered. I absolutely would recommend this clubTop of the line club!! Great girls, great food, great time!!!I've had the pleasure of attending Club Risque on a few occasions and it's been awesome!!
Let me start from the beginning. A local radio station here in Philly would have their Annual "Fat Tuesday" parties at the Columbus Blvd many years ago! They were always a blast but they were just a big party inside the club. Not what you'd expect to find at a gentleman's club. So one night, after being out, I decided to just stop in on a regular night! I had never been to a strip club before but, had a great time watching the girls, getting a lap dance(never would expect to do that) and finally just sitting with one of the "girls" just talking. I believe I left when they turned the lights on! I continued to go for the local radio show events but I also started going to the Risque events as well. And they have plenty throughout the year-Calendar party, Anniversary Party and more. Usually with open bar...WHAT?? Yes free drinks at a strip club!! There are 3 locations, but my favorite is the Columbus Blvd club in South Phila. I've been going for a few years now and have never been disappointed. From being greeted at the front door, to management coming over and saying hi, to the numerous sexy girls that I go there just to see. Always a great time! I've seen some bad reviews posted, usually from girls looking for a job there and not getting it(I wonder why?) but don't let them sway you. Risque is TOP NOTCH! And more!!Saturday Night Cons: Okay my people 1st off this is not a strip club. It's a titty bar, (can I say titties on yelp?) Anyhow a breast bar, 95% of the girls had some type of breast implants so don't go looking for some luscious booty love here.  I did not understand the "prom dress" theme all the girls wore once off main stage.  Nobody walked around the outter bar topless which was confusing, seemed like a loss opportunity for tips, but then again who is going to tip more than a dollar when I can't even get close up to toss money,,,ohhh that right, you can't toss money on the stage, but again, the dancer routines were not positively memorable, so oh well. I over heard one patron tell his buddy he paid $140 for an 8min lap dance...imma leave that alone...entrance fee, I just feel adult establishments should offer some type of discount if you bring a lady. $25 each was a bit steep for the worst part of the night. SMOKING INSIDE? You gonna come out smelling like an ashtray. This place is big, cut the room in half, one smoking the other non smoking and have the girl rotate, smart'in up owners. 
Saturday Night Pros: the size of the place is nice, lots of seating and an abundance of Tv's. I will say they look like they try and compliment all physical sizes in there, but mostly toothpicks in my opinion.
Lastly the music, you better off with just downloading someone's Spotify because 
Club Risque's so call dj 
"Ain't  no DJ, he just hit that instant replay"Could not let this night end without giving a shout out to the peeps at Club Risque!! Attended the 17tth anniversary party tonight and it will go down as the best time my friends and I ever had there yet!! From the bartenders being super, to the dancers giving it their all..all I can say is I can't wait to we go back!!! Thanks and we will see you all real soon!!I've been working here for almost 3 years and I wouldn't want to be anywhere else!!! I love every customer that walks through the door! Working at Risque isn't work for me because I love doing itLots of things sound like a good idea at the time. That second slice of pie. That 3 a.m. drunk call. Getting back together with your ex. 
In that vain, there is Club Risque, where the strippers look bored, the drinks are laced with turpentine, and the taxis are scarce. The experience left me with a wicked hangover and the lingering fear that I may have caught crabs in the ladies room. If anything, just be sure never to get to a strip club before midnight. It's kinda like feeding a mogwai chicken after midnight - you dont want to see that gremlin at 2 a.m.I'd say this place is tied for best club in the city, with cheerleaders.  Friendly staff and dancers, everyone is always super welcoming. Dancers are pretty cool people and not rude like show n tel(the actual worst!) they have some pretty great drink specials throughout the week, and a good happy hour. Bar service has been hit or miss, mostly good, but have been straight up ignored by some of the younger bartenders. The veterans though are excellent, as a bartender myself I notice these things.  Treat yourself to a lap dance here.2 and a half short years ago, I had the deep displeasure of experiencing Club Risque. It was my best friend's bachelor party and Risque was supposed to be the capstone to an otherwise beautiful night of friendship and revelry. 
We exited our bus and began to enter the venue. After 3 or 4 members of our group paid and entered the club, one of our friends was denied entry. The reason given for the denial was that they had seen someone "stumble" out of the bus. Regardless of the fact that no one stumbled out the bus, they refused to refund half of the group the money that they had already paid to walk in for one minute. Of course, none of us entered the club and left unrefunded and, understandably, upset. 
I wish I could review the quality of the experience that Club Risque provides, but the management made that impossible. It's one thing to deny entry, it's another thing to steal from patrons while veiling it as "policy." If you're looking for somewhere to go, look elsewhere, unless you want to pay $20 to walk in and out of the door.Viviana has the juiciest thighs and the sweetest attitude I have ever had the pleasure of tipping. Come in for a good time stay for a long timeLet me start off by saying, WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO GOOD OL FASHIONED POLE DANCE CLUBS???????? From the very start the doormen and security were beyond rude and made me feel awkward about even going in from the beginning. Additionally, what was supposed to be an atmosphere of erotica and sensuality felt like a MORGUE!!! The dancers lacked passion, intimacy, connecting with the customers etc. The VIP room was a joke. The man running the show in the back. It felt contrived, phony and utterly corporate! They will never get another penny from me which is sad because I Used to derive pleasure from what was once an intimate and beautiful experience. Ditto for me lover who attended with me.Fun spot in Philadelphia, enjoy the party and having a great time. Have a great night out,, enjoy eating, relaxing and female strippersSO MUCH FUN. Upstairs is all male dancers. What a fun night out with my girlfriends!! It was the best night we've had in a long time. These male dancers were so entertaining. They were all so interactive and sexy. Seriously. Every single dancer was so so hot. You would have thought that you were in the audience for the movie "Magic Mike". Each dancer had their own skit that they choreographed. It was amazing. They made sure that every girl in the audience was having a good time, comfortable, and made sure to let go a little bit. And every guy was so nice. The walked around the audience the whole time talking to the girls. When they had girls on stage they would pick them up and toss them around- the girls and the audience both loved it. Throughout the whole show, the MC was awesome! He was having a great time. He was extremely animated and fun! He definitely captured and kept the audience entertained. I cannot wait to go back! I recommend this club to anyone for a bachelorette party, divorce party, or even just a girls night out with your friends. Thanks Risque!!!Good drinks, great service and amazing massages. I've always had a very pleasant experience. It's a good spot to catch UFC or boxing fights if you don't want to pay for PPV. There's a decent amount of good looking dancers. Unlike some spots though girls constantly walk around asking you to "pay for their dance" . I don't care for that aspect of it that's why I gave 4 stars instead of 5. If you want a fun shot the shot girl is entertaining. Definitely get a massage form Jennifer. Hands down the best of all the gentlemen clubs I've been to in Philly. 
I don't recommend the food unless you're looking for basic bar food. There's plenty of free parking outside in the lot. Entry fee varies depending on the day and if there's a special event.Be prepared to drop some $ but my God they make it worth it. Nothing gets you out of a bad week like these gorgeous womenHad an amazing time and Taylor was an amazing host for my bachelor party! I would definitely recommend getting a lap dance from her cuz she was awesome!Club Risque is the BEST spot in the city!  From the ladies, to the door, bartenders, bouncers, to the management...  All top notch. 
Risque is the spot for an amazing night out, and the ONLY club to be official members of Team Domination. 
Very highly recommended!to begin, my review of club risque is only for the upstairs venue. ive never been downstairs where the dancers are. ive been attending comedy shows almost monthly at club risque for quite some time now. the upstairs venue is extremely nice and comfortable. the bartenders and wait staff are awesome. the girls are super friendly and accommodating. i also found the menu to be a bit surprising. the food here is very good. ive tried several menu items and havent been disappointed yet. the crab fries are a particular favorite. i cant speak for what goes on downstairs but the upstairs is a definite win. if i ever needed to rent a venue of this size for an event i'd definitely consider this place.My wife and I went on a Friday night and hung out til about midnight and we had a great time. The dancers were really nice (and gorgeous) and not pushy (Stevie especially was fantastic, she gave us a couples dance and hung out with us for a bit). The bartenders/waitresses/masseuse were all attentive without being pushy. There were a couple dozen dancers around by the end of the night, but (and this is my only complaint) towards 11PM it was a little hard to get their attention for dances. We wanted to get a few more dances but it just wasn't in the cards. We'll be going back soon though, it quickly became my wife's favorite bar!
If you're looking for a good club to visit as a couple, I'd highly recommend this one, but maybe go a tad earlier so your night doesn't peter out like ours did. We'll try happy hour next time. That said, everyone was polite, it was clean, no one was weird, and it was an incredibly entertaining evening.WOW! I had a blast at the Anniversary party this past Wednesday (4/20). The club I always full beautiful women who are always friendly. The 2 hour open bar was exactly what the advertised. Top shelf alcohol and beer. The service was quick and friendly from the equally beautiful bartenders. The atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable. I don't "feel" like I am in one of those stuck up gentleman's clubs.   I have been this club a few other times and it never disappoints. You should check this club out!!!Once Again bartenders stealing drinks from customers. I only came here because most places were dead during COVID but at this point I'm done. They steal money from customers so often instead of providing good service and im done with this shit place.  Pay cash and leave. FYI.BEST. CLUB. EVER. Well, amongst gentlemen's clubs, I mean. I visited here about a month ago, but we had so much fun it'd be unfair of me to not review this place and give it the credit it deserves.
I arrived first and had a couple doubles of Jameson. Each of those set me back $15. YIKES. But we had previously learned about a $60/2 hours deal, so I was just waiting for the rest of the gang to arrive. Once they did, we paid our money and were told we could sit at any of the VIP tables overlooking the bar. We found a spot with a good view of the main stage, and then our personal waitresses informed us we could sit at the Bubble Pole if we wanted. "WHAAAT!" So we moved over to the pole, which featured a glass pole with bubbles floating up. It was pretty cool. And then the real fun began...
We. Went. HARD. I'm talking doubles of drinks, shots, and every dancer visited us before they hit the main stage. And each and every one of them were incredibly nice and just fun to talk to! One in our group had never had a lap dance before, so I picked one of the best dancers that we saw and sent them away. When my friend returned she told me it was the coolest experience. (I pat myself on the back.)
We had started at about 8:30 PM and our time was up at 10:30. But we were allowed to keep the seats until we decided to leave, which wasn't much later because we were F******KED UUUUUUP!
We all agreed that of all the clubs we had visited together, this one was the best. I don't know why other folks gave it such low marks but we had the best time here. Yeah, having EVERY dancer come to your table does get expensive, but we NEVER drop this much money at any club like this because they've always been subpar to this point. So I guess it was justifiable. (lol.)
And to the beautiful blonde who was also a theater arts major but I was too damn drunk to talk to: I love you.So I go there to have a good time which I thought I was going to have...this dancer named ASPEN tells me she I going to give me a dance and treats me nice...ASPEN then disappeared and left me waiting for an hour...then dances next to me on the pole and tells me again she will give me a dance but then takes someone else instead right in front of me. Very unprofessional...I will never go there again and never recommend this club to anyone on this experience alone!!!This is the worst strip club ever, the manager with Prada glasses does not know how to handle with good customer service. Refused to accept the free admission coupon. The dancers are not friendly, and only 6 of them. However, the blonde bartender needs improvement with her service, doesn't check in with her customers to ensure that they are satisfied. Very quiet place on a Sunday night after the Mets vs Phillies game. The bathroom guy is very elderly with possibly a back issue, not in good health to be working here. Would recommend you not to go here. Go to Cheerleaders!!!
REVISED: The manager made a mistake, thinking he noticed me previously, and gave me the $5 admission back. Free appetizer is included, if you do a Yelp check-in. I have been to several clubs all over USA, and the service/dancers here may be rated in the bottom 5, among Chicago clubs.I'm either too old for this stuff or Club Risque is just not up to par with other clubs I've had the pleasure of patronizing. I'm going with the latter.
First, there's smoking indoors. As if I wasn't already going to wake up and think "WTF?" about the previous night's shenanigans, now I also smell like an ashtray. Hangover multiplied. 
The decor is outdated and kind of sad. The entertainment didn't do anything for me - there was no wow factor. Not that I frequent strip clubs but I've been to that rodeo enough and have always been kind of mesmerized by the dancing (amongst other things). Not so at Club Risque. And I'm sorry to go there but the "gowns" the women walk around in when they aren't on stage look super cheap and really flammable. 
Maybe it was an off night, but with the smoking indoors, it's very unlikely that I will return to find out.