We went here for happy hour and had the fries. Splendid :) check this place out if you want some afternoon delights. Solid happy hour deals!Not a fan. 
We stayed at the hotel this restaurant is in, so we ate there for dinner and breakfast for the sake of convenience, but I was unimpressed by it for either meal. 
For dinner, the service is pretty slow. The food is okay, but the portions aren't that big. It's just not worth what you're paying. $25-$30 entrees should be amazing and make you excited to eat them, but these were just so average. 
Breakfast was also unimpressive. Again the food is overpriced and underwhelming in terms of the taste. Also, the server seemed completely confused when I asked if I could substitute pancakes for toast and told me that I couldn't do that. 
Like the hotel that this restaurant is in, Co-Op is fancy for the sake of fancy with very little substance behind it.Our food took an unusually long time for an empty restaurant. Our server was very nice but the food was definitely not anything above mediocre.We went for brunch on Saturday. The food was ok. Nothing special about it. I got the western omelette and the eggs tasted kind of bland so I needed to add more salt and pepper. The home fries were also really oily. I got water which tasted amazingly delicious, partly because I was still hung over.I'm still sitting here right next to the open doors. Cool breeze. Beautiful 82degrees. This is a fantastic experience! 
The food was good the service was great. I got the salmon Benedict and she got fried green tomatoes. We shared a Açaí bowl. The coffee was weak illy brand and the side potatoes were pretty greasy. I like mine crispy. In their defense I did not ask for them crispy and very well could've. The main parts of the meal were really good though. Not super salty like most places.  The Açaí bowl had chunks of ice in it. I could've made it in our home blender. 
Also no wait for brunch on a Saturday? You can't do that in Fishtown. It's just not possible.
So the most impressive thing about this place was the open air seating. Would I come back? Absolutely. If someone else suggested it. It would not be my first suggestion unless I was within a mile and didn't want to wait in a line.Place is highly Instagram-able. Food is good. Service is just so-so: they are quiet eager to clean your table and ask you to pay the bill.Have been here once for dinner and once for brunch. I
Dinner
Started with deviled eggs and arugula salad, both good, nothing innovative. 
I had a cauliflower dukkah that was excellent and beautiful. My husband had the chicken, which was okay, but mostly unremarkable. 
Brunch
We were in University City and decided to give this place a chance for brunch. MEH. It was a really weird vibe, like the waitstaff was making fun of the diners. Started with the donuts, which were 8$ and not worth it. They were almost like a popover in mini donut form. They were actually pretty tasty, but not 8$ worth. I had the avocado toast, which was a half serving portion IMHO. MY husband had the biscuits and gravy, which he did give high praise (he's super picky about B&G). 
The restaurant itself is open and attractive with outdoor seating.
IT seems that the dishes are hit or miss with some shining stars. Brunch was expensive for what you get. And I'm not sure what to make of the service.I was very excited to try this cool new place on Drexel's campus. We went for breakfast and it was very overpriced for the amount of food we received. The service was slow for being the only people in the restaurant.  I got the eggs with toast and it was average but the server forgot some of the changes I asked for. My friend got the egg and cheese and she said it was just "okay." It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't recommend it. Wasn't wowed.Wow.  Came with a group of colleagues.  What a fabulous dinner.  Waitress was fabulous - friendly, knowledgeable.  Separate checks? No problem!  The menu was eclectic and so exciting.  Had a hard time deciding what to choose.  Best of all, I asked to a special change to a meal on the menu - GRILLLED MOJO SHRIMP - asked for Grilled Salmon instead of Shrimp.  Again, No problem...and it was one of the best dishes I ever ate.   Many thanks to the chef for accommodating by special needs.  I'll be backMy friend and I decided to try this place for brunch after checking out its menu online. We arrived for our reservation, approached the hostess, and were seated with menus. Because we'd made the decision to try the place based on its menu, we had a pretty good idea of what we wanted, and flipped the menu over looking for the drinks. The menu online had an entire page of drinks that included sparkling brunch drinks, a few different types of Bloody Marys and Marias, wine, and beer. At the bottom of the physical menus in our hands was instruction to flip the menus over for that list of beer and wine. The menus in our hands were blank on that back side, so we flagged down a waitress to get new menus- thinking ours were flukes. 
We should've known how our time at the restaurant was going to go when the waitress came back stating that she'd spoken to her manager who said that no such list of brunch drinks existed. My friend pointed out that their menu online and the waitress had no idea about it, but said that they could prepare basic brunch drinks for us. I opted for a mimosa while my friend got a Bloody Mary. 
We ordered the avocado toast to start with to split, then my friend ordered the benedict with Canadian bacon and I got the pancakes with a side of bacon. Our toast came in a reasonable amount of time and was delicious. Things quickly went downhill from there.
My pancakes I ordered literally had "with maple syrup and butter" in its description. When our meals arrived, I was handed 2 rather large pancakes and my bacon and the gentleman who dropped them off quickly scurried away. No butter. No syrup. We sat for a few minutes until someone came back to deliver the missing items. My friend asked for coffee. When I tell you that we sat for at least 10 minutes watching coffee be delivered around us... Our waitress had completely disappeared, so my friend asked the gentleman who'd dropped off my naked pancakes for coffee. He said he'd get it, then he too disappeared for about 10 minutes. When the waitress finally reappeared, she told my friend that the coffee was brewing. For 15-20 minutes?? When she finally got her coffee, the waitress asked if she took cream. My friend said that she did, and the waitress scurried away. Another 10-15 minutes passed. My friend had to ask for the cream again.
All in all, the food was tasty, but the lack of service is what killed any chance of my returning to this establishment. The restaurant wasn't busy when we were there, and there were multiple waiters/waitresses tending to the tables. There was no reason for our service. It's a shame because the place itself is gorgeous, but for the amount of money we paid for our meals, service should match. Despite working in the area, I likely won't be back.
Also, that bit about the drinks menu that only exists on the website despite being referenced on the physical menus onsite is just really bizarre...
I'll pass.The setting is beautiful and tastefully appointed.  The service was prompt and courteous.  
It's very clear, however, that priority is placed on ambiance over food quality, which leaves much to be desired.  The diminutive kale salad was dressed with a cloyingly sweet "sour cherry vinaigrette" that tasted as if it had come from a 5-gallon bucket of commercial-grade dressing.  The add-on rotisserie chicken was sparse and there was a cartilage cap from the chicken carcass.  I don't have an easily-turned stomach, but this didn't exactly stoke my appetite. Hazelnuts were nice.  To be marketed as a 'big entree' salad is disingenuous, and the $15 price tag with add-on chicken is far from justified.  Sweetgreen, for example, gives you much tastier food, larger quanitity, and at a better (still admittedly upscale) price for locally sourced and seasonal ingredients.  My companion's grilled cheese was perfunctory; the tomato soup served alongside tasted of mediocre canned pasta sauce.
There are too many nearby places to eat delicious food at a better price point.  CO-OP needs to up its game and serve food that justifies its upscale price.After eating dinner and thoroughly enjoying the Rotisserie Green Circle Chicken - from the crispy, light, and non greasy skin, to the succulent tender and flavorful meat - I consider this to be the best rotisserie chicken that I have eaten. Before submitting a review, I read the evaluations of other yelpers for comparative reasons. I am uncertain why my experience differs from many others than have had a less positive experience.
I typically will not write a negative review for a small business owner or privately owned franchise. When I encounter less than desirable/satisfactory goods/services, I share my opinions directly with the manager/owner. Only about 5% of the businesses I visit qualify for 4 or 5 stars. These are the ones that I post.really disappointed by this place. The sparkling water is $6. The rice here is completely uncooked and chicken dumplings soup is way too salty. When we complained to the server, the manager was completely unapologetic. Would not come back again or recommend anyone to come hereStopped in for a drink and bite before the UPenn basketball game. Brussel sprouts were amazing and the Bitter End cocktail was perfect. Bartender who turned out to be the manager was attentive but not overbearing. Looking forward to coming back for a full dinnerI work in the area and didn't know about this place, but it was near World Cafe Live and we had concert tickets there. The space is gorgeous and the restrooms are stunning (I know, you didn't come on Yelp to read bathroom reviews, but hey, it's all part of the experience ;o) Our server had the entire dining room, but it wasn't very full so she managed just fine. We started with smoked olives (yum!) and potato chips with blue cheese dressing. I had the latter at The Smith in NYC and it was as delicious here as there. Like seriously delish! Our entrees took awhile to come out, so they sent out an amuse bouche (my 50 year old brain is blanking on what it was, as this review is several weeks late). Hubs had scallops and spaghetti squash and enjoyed it. I had chicken and dumplings. I was hoping for more stew-like consistency and it was pretty broth-y (is that a word?) The broth and chicken had good flavor, but for me, the dumplings are key. They were ricotta gnocchi but were sadly without flavor. The prices weren't crazy. I'd probably try it again and add it to my post-work dinner/happy hour repertoire.We were seated for 15 minutes before we got water. We waited 30 more minutes to get drinks. WHICH, by the way, came after we got our meal, WHICH, by the way, came before we even got utensils. We sat with our food for 10 minutes, unable to eat it, before the wait staff even came out with our utensils. The waiting was all for naught, because the food was terrible. We ordered an omelet and eggs Benedict. Both were far overcooked. 
Co-op was the worst dining experience I've ever had.Went for brunch on Sunday. Ordered Egg Benedict which was delicious! We sat outside, so it was a little noisy on the street but still very nice.Horrible dinner. Slow, over priced, terrible food would not go back. Nice space,but lousy service. They took our drinks off the tab, but still...I was just here for brunch. The food was good, the inside of the restaurant was super cute. 
I got the corned beef hash-- good but not the best I've had. It was a bit dry, especially because my sunny side up egg was a big over done.
My friend got the Biscuit and Gravy-- it was super tasty, very creamy and well seasoned. Her egg was also perfectly made.I was excited to hear about this new opening! Unfortunately didn't live up to expectations 
Must say this food is not worth the price. The only one thing worth ordering is the fries. The happy hour menu is not a great deal. The bar is beautiful though. I had the rotisserie chicken for my entree and it did not wow me. My friend had the burger and he said the burger at Tap house is much better and cheaper. 
Wouldn't reccomend here. But I haven't tried brunch and maybe that is good.Amazing! Just opened. New favorite spot. Beautiful ambiance with big windows, server was friendly and knowledgable. Creative dishes and very accomodating for my mom's dietary restrictions. I expect this place to be a hit! Got the burger wth rotisserie veggies, shared the brussel sprouts, and my mom loved the ceviche.Great seafood and roasted veggies. Nicely designed modern lounge space. Server was attentive and knowledgeable. Highly recommended new spot in the heart of University City.Came here for an interview dinner right before Drexel and Penn students came back and it was very quiet. This nice establishment is connected to the Study, which is a quaint hotel. Cocktail selection was fair and I ordered a solid bourbon cocktail called the Bitter End (tasted like a nice spin off of a Manhattan). We ordered the cured meats and cheese with the potato bread which was nicely presented and tasteful. For dinner, I had a ragu dish with short braised beef and it was absolutely delicious. It was a great meal for how freezing cold it was outside. I would definitely come back, but this place is out of budget for my common rotation.Very mediocre/underwhelming brunch experience. Came here with my mother and ordered an omelet, avocado toast, and two glasses of orange juice.
The service seemed unnecessarily slow, as we were the second of two parties, making a total of four people in the spacious restaurant. We had come here on a Saturday because everywhere else in the area seemed to open around noon but might as well have waited the half an hour outside because the food - none of which seems particularly complicated to make - took more than 45 minutes to be served. I mean did they go out to fetch fresh eggs or bake a new bread or pick the freshest, ripest oranges?
Omelet was okay (no toast), avocado toast was served blatantly burnt, and each glass of orange juice contained less than about a sippy-cup's worth. All for a price much higher than other, much better brunch places in the area. But then again, can we really expect much from a brunch place in a hotel?Horrible service, food was horrible and not edible. The chicken dumpling soup was way tooo salty and the skuna bay salmon was completely raw and pink. The bed of rice/grains were so raw that it was crunchy. The manager tried to bs me that it was not rice and grains are crunchy and I had to wait another 30 mins for them to reheat my already eaten food. The bill was also not discounted even for the inconvenience! Horrible
Food and horrible service from manager. Not worth the price nor the troubleI was here for Lunch on Sunday (4/9), was served a brunch menu instead at 1:30 PM... settled into our seats, the Strawberry Ginger Bellini was good, ordered biscuits and gravy, loved the gravy, biscuits were HARD. Loved the ambience. I will revisit this place for Dinner.Great service from Co-op staff!  I was with co-workers, we had the hot honey wings, charred Brussel sprouts and crab dip with a bread for appetizers.  I had the scallops over the spaghetti squash for dinner, and chocolate cake (saved for next day) for dessert.  I good place for lunch and dinner.I will give a star for my server as she was lovely and funny, I had a decent and unusual wine and thought we were in for a treat. However the food was bland, uninspired and seemed like the recipe was just a mess. One of the few times where I have been out recently and thought I could easily cook something better, and at their entree prices that's really sad. I got the "gnocchi" which were some kind of green pasta and not gnocchi and kind of uninspired and generic vegetables and ham that didn't quite seem to have the things that "co-op" implied: local ingredients/freshness, sharing. Could have been freezer vegetables for all I know and could assume from the flavor.  I can't even remember what my date got it was so unmemorable and I wasn't eager to share. The location and decor are GREAT, staff was nice, so get that menu/cooking up to snuff (I realize the place is fairly new) and I would be like willing to try again.This place is a solid place to dine in university city. Great atmosphere, service and solid food. I came here for brunch and loved it, outdoor seating is area in this area. Would like to try it for dinnerI had been invited by work colleagues to stop by the bar for drinks several weeks ago, and I enjoyed that, so tonight I suggested we go back for drinks and maybe dinner. It's an interesting space albeit a little loud. We were there on a Friday night around 8 PM, and the place was about 85% filled so lots of people talking. We started with drinks; I had the Dogfish IPA which was really good. We ordered the hush puppies for appetizers. I hate to say this, but we have very fond memories of hush puppies from Long John Silvers--good comfort food. The hush puppies seemed overcooked, almost burnt...kind of like the oil in the deep fryer needed to be changed. I think they would have been much more tasty otherwise. I had the bucatini carbonara. It was more like pasta soup. It had a good flavor, but the bucatini was too undercooked, and the sauce was way too saucy and there was too much of it. I love a good carbonara, and I've made some eggy and thick carbonara in my past, but this was by far the most in-carbonara of the carbonaras I've had. My dining partner had the cauliflower dukkah. Good flavors but dry. Nothing interesting. We wrapped things up with death by chocolate with a side of vanilla ice cream: it was good, but my partner described it as a Wawa brownie (which is good, I think), but nothing fabulous. Overall, an underwhelming experience. The service was a little slow, too. I've had some pretty fantastic dining experiences in Philadelphia, so there's no reason to go back here. It was by no means horrible, not nothing that's compel me to return for dinner although I'd certainly come for drinks and maybe a side of fries.I love the vibe there. A very cute place to hangout with friends. The crab fettuccine is amazing! Will definitely go back again to try different things.We arrived this morning for brunch and we were hungry.  We looked at the menu beforehand and thought it suited our tastes.  My husband and son both drank water while I ordered their $4 cup of coffee which arrived lukewarm.  After I added cream it wasn't even that...further, I cup of coffee from Wawa or Dunkin Donuts would have been a lot better.  
Both my son and I order the biscuits and gravy with breakfast potatoes $15.  I asked our waiter how much an a la carte egg would be as the menu clearly didn't mention eggs as a la carte or with the biscuits and gravy menu item.  He said $2, how about 2 for $4.  I said I would take the one egg. My husband ordered the buttermilk pancakes $14 and added 3 slices of bacon for $6.  Our food arrived about 20 minutes later and again, nothing was hot....and our biscuits and gravy included eggs (2) so now I had THREE....which is a little much.  We all took a few bites of our food and my son (who goes to college in Philadelphia) said, "what do you think".  And I said our corner restaurant back home is 10x better and less than half the price.  My son agreed.  It was borderline sweet.  Sausage and gravy and potatoes should be savory....and again not even close to being hot.  Neither of us finished our food.  I was waiting for our waiter to let him know we were disappointed but he never returned until it was time for our check and at that point they had take all of our plates. My husband's pancakes were not completely cooked, heavy and doughy and tasteless.  His meal came with two, he ate half of one pancake.  My son finished his cold bacon.  We would have been better off walking a block and half to the newly opened Wawa...where we could have purchased 3 breakfast sandwiches and coffee and probably saved $45.  At best this food was mediocre and disappointing.  I left a 15% tip even though the service wasn't great.  $60 bucks out the door.  Save your money and walk to a food truck or grab a bagel.  Such a shame because it's a beautiful restaurant.Went on a Friday night. They only had 1 waiter and 1 bartender. Ordered the burger medium. Cooked well done. Sent it back and the second burger was well done, as well. They didn't charge for the burger but I was pretty hungry leaving the restaurant.The utmost reason, other than the fantastic managerial oversight, delicious food, and great atmosphere, to frequent this establishment would be to have the pleasure of allowing Maria to wait on you. Tonight by far was the best save ever!I was just here for Brunch on Sunday and everything was super tasty. My father and I both got the corned beef hash entree and shared the endive chopped salad with salmon on top and a side of bacon. You can really tell how much time the chef and his crew put into making these wonderful dishes. They're not your ordinary traditional brunch items, everything is made in house, down to the bacon and corned beef hash. 
I can't wait to return for dinner service and try more of what they have to offer. 
P.S - their bloody Maria is super yummy, not as spicy as your traditional Bloody Mary but still has a nice bite.Really overpriced and the service is slow. Came here for brunch and we didn't get our food until an hour after waiting. Wouldn't go back again.. not worth the hypeWent here for dinner with wife and daughter.  Outstanding all around experience - starting with the beer on tap.  2 of my favorites:  Dogfish 60min and All-day IPA.  Wife enjoyed a vodka cocktail of some sort.  The 2 vegetarians loved their dishes.  Great flavor and great presentation.  I loved the grass-fed burger - well seasoned and juicy.  Service was top notch.  Our server (Eddie?) was the best.  Even surprised my daughter with some fresh fruit at end of meal for her birthday.Went here for dinner, the menu has changed recently, but only slightly. The food we had was great, and the drinks that were recommended to us were also good all around.I had a wonderful dinner here last night. I ordered the Cauliflower Dukkah, which was the tastiest -- and most filling! -- vegan dish I've ever had at a restaurant. There were so many wonderful flavors and textures, and the portion was large enough that I felt full after just the entree. My friend ordered the scallops; though I didn't actually try hers, they looked like they were perfectly cooked. I hope more people try this restaurant in 2018; it's a great arrival for University City!Fabulous service, quiet, not to crowded & perfect for a date night! Connected to the study, and across from UPenn.Went for brunch, great deals and good food. Pretty quite atmosphere. Server was amazing and knowledgeable. Mimosa deals for brunch tooBest cocktails I had in University City! Try the Tipsy Farmer or anything else gin-based. They seem to regularly have new cocktails. Food is good, too, but perhaps a bit pricey for the quality. The appetizer menu in general had lots of wonderful options.
Reservation cannot hurt, but we have walked in without one a couple of times. Always space at the bar.
Great atmosphere and great staff. Never too loud so easy to have a conversation!Wow! Finally a great dining experience in University City! We were lucky enough to be there on a warm evening and the garage doors were open for patio dining! The bar was packed for happy hour and stayed that way through dinner. Great beers, unique cocktails and uncommon wine list. The food was amazing- everthying from rotisserie selections, to incredible sea bass and even an incredible cauliflower dukka. Service was very welcoming and attentive too. It was recently featured on CNN.com and phillymag, so go while you can!Pricy but a great experience! The burger here was delicious! It was perfectly cooked and the toppings that came with it were very yummy. It's a really cool place, great atmosphere and amazing service. We really enjoyed everything. However, it's pretty expensive and there aren't a ton of options on the menu. Based on the location of this place (in the middle of university city) they should provide some more causal options.We had a delicious breakfast with a beautiful breakfast sandwich, pancakes and oatmeal.  We will visit here more often when my daughter gets accepted to Drexel UniversityOk, so happy hours are one thing. Happy hours that rotate daily are another. And when it's spring/summer/early fall, happy hours that have indoor and outdoor spaces are a MUST! The Co-Op has been on my radar since winter time when the Study Hotel (to which it's attached) opened. It's finally warm out so it was time to happy hour. I went on a Tuesday which is Tiki-Themed with the drinks. The two tiki drinks (pictured) were delicious but the Mai Tai remix packed the most punch (no pun intended) for the price. And at around $6, happy hour drink prices were not bad! I don't know what the other days' themes are, but I can make it back to experience a work-week's worth of happy hours. The food was pretty cool when you remember this is a hotel restaurant. Wings were naked and the sauce was a pleasant enough mix of spicy and sweet. The pickled veggies were really cool if pickles are your thing. My favorite was the pickled strawberries. Not so much for the pickled rhubarb. My Plus+1 had the crab dish and being a Maryland native (and thus a crab snob), they weren't impressed. But the key, the main reason I chose this spot, was for the outdoor seating. Sun fills the main dining room through floor to ceiling windows but the south side of the room opens to the street with room enough for 4-5 4 seaters. Enough to capture the last little bit of West Philly sunshine as happy hour winds down. The staff was friendly, helpful, and as of now they were Uber attentive since this spot is still a hidden UCity gem. Only suggestion I could make to push this to 5 starts is to add more music to happy hour and maybe give a stronger price break on the happy hour food.Came here for a late Saturday brunch (no wait). Our server was extremely helpful and attentive. The food was amazing. Highly recommend the pinched pies!we had dinner on saturday night and it was superb in setting, service and taste.  co-op is a welcome addition to the university city area, especially if you're looking for a mix between formal seated dining and lighter fare.  our waiter was attentive and kept dinner moving (we ordered small plates and drinks, then looped back for mains) without being annoying, the perfect balance.  ambiance is great - the glass windows open, fire house garage door style, and while we were eating they closed the panels to regulate the temperature.  it's another nice touch that makes you feel a little less formal, a little more fun.
as for the food - it's creative, it's delicious, it's filling, and it's reasonably priced.  we had the pickles, shishito peppers and potato bread for small plates, and aside from a lot of "p" alliteration they were uniquely flavorful.  the peppers had been cooked just to the point of being finger food; the pickles represented a cross section of vegetables (green beans, cauliflower, beets) that went far beyond the staid cucumbers you put on a burger.  potato bread -- and then caesar salad -- were first rate, and i could have stopped there and been happy.  white anchovies were also directionally indicative of a good meal -- not fishy, not overwhelming, just enough flavor and color to balance a great salad that we shared.
i had the gnocchi, and i'm a gnocchi snob.  i refuse to eat gnocchi west of pittsburgh because far too often they end up in some creamy sauce that has the post-meal feel of an NFL lineman on a bad day.  these gnocchi were light, small, perfectly formed, and served with a mix of vegetables and a light sauce that complemented the pasta.  it's a delight to be able to savor the root veggies, or the perfectly cubed ham, in a dish, rather than having to go spelunking in a vat of heavy sauce for the main ingredients.    it's easy to claim "creative foodie" status while heaping ingredients together in a way that would make ben & jerry blush; this was carefully curated, delicately presented and just incredibly good. 
when you can get up from the table and feel full but not overwhelmed; happy and content with the price and the service, you have had a good meal.  co-op is a new go-to.Excellent post game Happy Hour between Drexel & U Penn.  Stylish interior with friendly efficient service.  Surprisingly, had Happy Hour on Saturday 430- 630 
had a well made Old Fashion (an incredible deal @ $5) and a local IPA for 5.   My wife loved the charred Broccolini with ginger, scallions, and garlic.  The French fries were plentiful for a group.  They had a pretty extensive list of courses and drinks for $5.  
Saw a number of college students with their parents.I was really excited to try this new place on Drexel's campus since it looked promising for a fancy brunch. The decor and ambiance were good, although I was a little surprised when I walked in with my friend and noticed how empty it was during prime brunch hours. 
I have to say the meal did not live up to my expectations. The price was not worth the quantity or quality of food. I got the avocado toast, and I can easily say that at most other places I could have doubled the portion size for the same price. The toast was hard and the avocado was under seasoned with only salt and pepper. It's definitely something I could have made at home. I was also disappointed by the lack of creativity in the menu. The selection was quite limited, especially vegetarian options, and not particularly unique.
Service was good--nothing to complain about but nothing spectacular either. I probably won't be coming back given all the other great options in Philly.Terrible service!!! Waitress was absolutely terrible no manners. We have to request every single order 3 times and still at the end we didn't get what we ordered. We asked another guy and pointed out that we got the wrong order and he was supposed to fix it. He never did. Would never eat here againThis will be my second time eating here, the food is mediocre but if it's a choice between feeling nor'easter in the face for a chipotle or mediocre food, the latter wins out. 
Laura was blade about my to-go order and that's fine, but she listen to what I requested (I wanted to bring my own food up) and then charged me without providing me an itemized receipt, so I wasn't sure if my math skills were that poor....turns out they still tacked on the $3 service charge.
Burger was cold, they should've stopped staring at it while my wings were waiting to get cooked and put the cover on it. They had lots of potential. The bread they use on that thing was atrocious. 
Wings were great texture especially with the smoker flavor but the sauce was overwhelmingly tart...unnecessary so where it makes the whole hotel room smell
The winter spoon salad would've been good if the grains were cooked a little less al dente and they didn't use pomegranates with their actual seeds (those are not edible or digestible).Just had brunch after driving into Philly to pick up our daughter and it was absolutely lovely! Beautiful space, great brunch menu and service was wonderful! Would definitely go back.  Highly recommendVery underwhelming. Waitress was weird and made our entire table uncomfortable. She was not familiar with the menu and could not give recommendations. Service was slow despite the fact we were the only ones in there.This place is great. I have now been here a few times, haven't been disappointed. The food is all great. Their burger is probably my favorite thing on the dinner menu but I still need to try the chicken. Everything is made in house so it is as fresh as possible. The ice cream and deserts are spectacular. I have also been to the restaurant for brunch. The pastries are great the tray of  croissants comes with three flakey buttery delicious different types. The donuts were great too and with 6 in an order it could even be enough for breakfast. I got the corned beef hash for my meal and it was amazing. The corned beef was perfectly cooked and juicy and the potatoes just melt in your mouth. It was overall a great experience and everyone there from the management, chefs and even the waitstaff is terrific.I have only been here for happy hour and it may have changed since they first opened. But I honestly thought it was pretty expensive for what you got-- especially because it was happy hour. The atmosphere is pretty upscale for its location. The service was decent, it took a little bit to get the bartenders attention. I usually have a few drinks and bar snacks, but I just wasnt feeling it at this place. If I am around the area I can give it another try for the food.Perfect brunch for Mother's Day, the staff was amazing and the atmosphere felt like a family/friend's home.Good food and good service. My only semi-complaint is the coffee was $4. Nice breakfast or brunch stop if you're near Drexel or UPennIt's a restaurant/lounge. Healthy foods, nice interior and high-tech. When you pay, they use a wireless machine that you swipe your card yourself and sign electronically at on your table. The service wasn't like great great; it felt different.Great customer service, ambiance and really good cocktails. I tried the hamburger and breakfast croissant. Both were very flavorful. Other menu items looked good. Definitely worth a visit.Two people, an appetizer (spinach / artichoke dip), cape cod scallops and the salmon burger as entrees, and for dessert banana bread and pecan pie. Add a couple drinks per person and the bill with tip was roughly $150 for a dinner that would have cost less and tasted better at another comparable restaurant in the area. The appetizer was fine, though nothing exceptional. The scallops were tasty, but the salmon burger was soggy and barely edible, while the desserts lacked the kind of panache (and imagination) one hopes for in a satisfying dessert. The staff was very nice and the place looks great, but the food is simply overpriced and underwhelming amidst better alternatives.We walked out fairly disappointed. Also, weekend is brunch and dinner only.  No lunch menu. Their menu is also very underwhelming and just lacks culinary creativity.  Plain buttermilk pancakes. Western omelette. Sausage omelette.  Biscuits and gravy. Zzzz... not saying I can do better, but I was definitely hoping someone here can which is why I'm not cooking in my own kitchen. 
Bloody Mary and Marie had fibrous woodchippy chunks of horseradish I had to continuously keep (discretely) keep spitting out. Can't say that's ever happened before.
The WiAnno Oysters with verjus and champagne was absolutely flavorless minus the brine and salt. The shells of the oysters were flaky so slurp carefully otherwise you'll inhale a chunk of the mollusk.  They also plate it on a bed of salt and potpourri of some sort so expect to get chunks of those too.  Not $18 worth for 6 oysters.  We ended up using lemons from our  Bloody Mary and Marie to add flavor.
Burger has too much onion jam which made it cloying.  It was also overcooked (ordered medium).
The corned beef hash was ok.  A bit tough and chewy but that may be a corned beef thing. And it also just tastes like salt and pepper... not exactly what I would consider a symphony of flavors.
Definitely not returning for brunch.This place is very convenient to where I work, so I have been with coworkers for happy hour. It's a nice space, well decorated, feels very upscale, and the staff is nice. For happy hour drinks I would recommend it, but I just don't think that any of the food is worth the price. Their options aren't that exciting/interesting, and the food is just okay. 
Overall- do go for drinks, but would recommend getting food elsewhere.I was always curious about this place every time I would walk past the place. I was finally able to try this place with my college daughter and her roommate. 
I do have to say the interior is really well done. It's open and the large glass window wall was retracted up so the terrace eating and the interior kind of flowed as one room. It is a very comfortable environment to dine. The kitchen is sort of an open kitchen separating the kitchen and the dining with windows. 
The service was okay. Surprisingly, for a Saturday brunch/lunch time the place was full, but they had enough empty tables. Our waiter seemed a bit overwhelmed, apologizing for the delay with multi things due to the busyness of the place. To be honest, I have seen busier places (ie White Dog cafe and Sabrina's cafe in the neighborhood) where the services were more prompt and efficient. 
The food we ordered were okay. I did like my food, however, I'm not sure if it was worth the amount they charged. I do have to say the food tasted fresh, but something was missing. I can't pinpoint what that missing component is, but I probably will not be going back. I also ordered coffee, and I'm sure they use good coffee, but maybe it was the way they brewed it tasted like coffee from any old diner. I guess it all depends on an individual preference, but I would rather pay the amount I paid and eat at the White Dog cafe. 
For me a good ambiance was not enough to make me want to go back. If someone pays for my food I may go back and try some other entrees.This place is. Just yes. I absolutely love every aspect of it. The decor, the ambience, the bartender, the food, and everything it stood for. I wish I wasn't just here for a couple apps and drinks so late honestly. I spent the night at the bar with a new friend and the bartender who was so personable I'd basically call her a friend by the time I left as well. She explained to me that part of the menu is made via themselves and the sous chefs, not just the head man in charge, so that they could feel like they were truly part of the establishment. Maybe I'm just a sappy goof but that vibes well with me. Gotta show your minions some love, no? 
Anyways, the drinks. Solid beer options, though nothing crazy. Definitely some interesting cocktails, although I prefer to stick to brews. The food. I always thought spending six dollars on two eggs was the dumbest concept I've ever come across. SPEND $6 ON THESE TWO EGGS. They were phenomenal. Hint of bacon, creamy, ugh. Just great. I'd go back simply for them. I also hate caps so take that seriously. I think this is enough boys and gals. Hit this place up, and tell what you think.Excellent ambiance, food is decent. This place really needs to work on its service. 
We were four for dinner. I think there were only two waiters for the evening, and even with the four or so tables that were occupied, they had a hard time.
The open kitchen had one lonely chef running all over the place. There should have been at least four more people back there. 
Our food came very late, it was good, but the lack of service put a damper on the experience.
I will give it another try because I liked the food and the decor is very trendy/unique.
It has potential to be a good spot, just hire more staff!I came here on a sunday for brunch and my taste buds haven't been blessed with such amazing food in a while! I ordered the french toast and wow did it just melt in mouth! The whole experience of the food, the atmosphere, the service -- all of it was very high quality. If you are on the fence, GO! You will not regret it! I will definitely be back here!The fluke ceviche had an excellent sauce that was less sour than most. The salmon main course was perfect. My son had the carbonara which was quite heavy, but tasted quite good.... not very beautiful though!
Our waitress was so cheerful, accommodating and knowledgeable! The restaurant is of course a bit pricey but a nice group of patrons and a very comfortable interior in immaculate condition.Nope, nope nope. Decent setting. We got there after the regular lunch hour. They said they were open but guy started moping as soon as we sat down. So we had to contend with pine sol and wet mop smell. Had to send back the dip - little too charred for our liking. The sauce for the calamari was not great, the sweet fig glaze on the chicken was drenching everything on the plate including the fries which were actually good. I enjoyed the beet salad. But, that was it.Food is ok. Service is not great. I'd only go if you have to because it's convenient. Coffee is good. It's pricey for what you get. It seems like more of an upscale burger menu would go more with this hotel. It has a relaxed vibe, which is nice.Our waiter Stephanie was so personable and sweet. She was kind to our kids and made sure everything was good. She made our meal and added to the experienceStopped here for a late lunch. The place is beautiful and inviting...but that is probably the best thing going for this spot.
There were a few things wrong at the start...there were things floating in my water, which I wasn't too worried about...we were dining outside and I am aware things can blow in, although it appeared that the water was delivered that way. I asked for a new one as soon as the server delivered it. The new one came...after a time. We weren't given cocktail/drink menus so when the server asked for our drink order I asked for a menu. More waiting...he came to see about drinks and I put in my order. My friend's coffee came...she drank it. Still no cocktail..our food came...but we had no utensils...so after about ten minutes of waiting with our food in front of us, I flagged down a busser who brought us some... still no cocktail...I was just getting up to cancel the drink order when it was plopped down at my table. I was already almost finished with my lunch and had lost interest in my before-meal-cocktail. (I have patience with drink delivery when there is a separate bar and the bartender is fulfilling many orders. However, we were one of about three tables dining).
We both ordered the chicken cutlet salad. Chicken was over-fried and dry and the salad was over dressed. I couldn't resist a start of french fries (which came with my salad...so ended up not being a "starter") but even they dissappointed.They were served cold and dry and over-cooked. I didn't finish them which is rare in my world when it comes to french fries.
The service was non-existant, (except for the food being served...everything else ended up being self-serve..including scrounging up salt and pepper shakers from another table.) The food was lacking and the lunch ended up coming to $37.00 which would have been fine had I thought it was worth the money. I'm sorry to say, I won't be back.While attending a conference at the Study, we decided to have a few drinks at the Co-Op after the event.  Being a Drexel Co-op myself, I was quite a fan of the name.  We started with a local bourbon neat and finished off with an old fashioned.  Can you really mess up pouring just bourbon into an empty glass though?  
I really enjoyed bar life here.  It was a nice day in the city and some window/doors were open.  I spent some time chatting with other people staying at the hotel, along with my account manager.  The bartenders were friendly, especially Miranda, who provided great service and was pleasant to speak to.  When will I ever be back to this place?  As a Drexel Alum, I'm not on campus anymore at all, but I'll be back if we have another conference here.We stayed at The Study and had a quick bite last night. Food was exceptional!  Service was exceptional!  I highly recommend. Thank you!I think CO-OP is a great addition to the eastern University City dining scene.  I liked everything about it.  It is bright and airy which you notice as soon as you walk in.  The service was friendly and very competent - several service staff brought or cleared dishes insuring a smooth flow to the meal.  And most important of all - the food was good ... real good!  The Deviled Egg appetizer was a mouth-watering way to begin.  They can def be addictive, don't you think?  A Mac 'n Cheese for my main dish was oozing with cheese(s) and flavor.  And the Cherry Cobbler topped with ice cream is a perfect Philly summer dessert. CO-OP made a really fine first impression!Nice outdoor area and a decent menu. Terrible service, smallish portions, and uncomfortable patio chairs. I can't decide if I loved or hated their unique wedge salad, it tasted like it was dressed with sriracha ranch rather than the advertised buttermilk ranch, so it had an unfamiliar kick to it, not expected in a salad, nonetheless I mostly enjoyed it. More tomatoes would have balanced it better and been a refreshing answer to the spiciness of the dressing. We also shared the calamari and the vegetable crudités. The calamari was fantastic but the vegetables weren't cut into ideal size for dipping into the accompanying hummus. For my entree I went with the rock shrimp bucatini. Almost no shrimp at all in the dish. Two medium sized shrimp cut into pieces, that's it. $24 for essentially just a small bowl of pasta?This is the first time I have ventured into Co-Op, and it was OK. There are  some small things they could do that would make it awesome, and I sense a lot of potential here. but I was a bit underwhelmed. 
I went with a friend for lunch, and we shared four of the appetizers. On the plus side, the portions are generous, and we probably could have gotten away with just three appetizers, but we wanted to try a bunch of stuff. On the minus side, not one of the dishes presented blew us out of the water.
The house-made potato chips were perfectly cooked, and the creamy artichoke dip that came with them was serviceable, but a little lack-luster. They probably could have cut the portion of chips in half, though, compared to the portion size of the dip.
The smoked wings were quite good. You get a pound to an order, and the chicken itself was really fresh, and not over-cooked and dry, which is often the case with chicken wings. The sauce on them was tasty - a little sweet, a little tangy, but not really spicy at all. The smoke flavor shined through without being overpowering. The ubiquitous blue cheese dip that went with was ok.
I loved the charred broccoli dish, but they could have used a lighter hand with the oil it was cooked in. The florets just soaked up the grease, and left me feeling a little dyspeptic. But the ginger-carrot puree underneath the florets was delicious. The bits of onion and bacon on top were a nice touch, but again, the grease. 
I wanted to like the baked ricotta dish, but the cheese was w-a-a-a-y too salty. Even with the slightly sweet, eggy brioche bun they served it with. I took two bites of that over-salted cheese, and left the rest behind. 
Service was friendly and attentive. I might go back again, but the menu didn't 100% grab me and really entice me to go. And the fact that every dish was flawed in some way didn't really inspire me to put a return trip on my short-list.This place is GORGEOUS! Absolutely loved the decor. The food was delicious. The service was a little slow even though the place wasn't super crowded. This place is great for a date. I just wish they had more seafood options on the menu. I'll definitely be returning.Overall experience was not at all what we expected. My family and I decided to try a new place for brunch. When we got there, we inquired about beef/turkey options for breakfast meat since many of us do not eat pork. The manager, Justin, was not accommodating and dismissed our suggestion to add or at least discuss options with someone who has the authority to change the menu. Not only was the service not up to par but neither was the food. The eggs were not cooked, avocado toast didn't have all that was supposed to, the salmon was salty, among other things. Then, when Justin came back, he brought up his personal life as an excuse to his behavior, was not sincere in his apology, and made our brunch even more unpleasant. But Maria, our server,  was perfect in her customer service, her hospitality, her personality and her treatment of our table. She is what her fellow employees and the management should look up to as an example. But we will not be returning to this restaurant.Visit the Study, in the room and online this was advertised. Went down at 9:20 waited 10 minutes while the staff ignored me. To find out they close at 9:00 and that the site is wrong about closing at 10:00 and this special.