Don't underestimate how empty Coco's may be on a Tuesday afternoon (12:30-ish) during the summer month of June, because their lunch menu is satisfyingly good :-)  Try the chicken romano or any of their sandwiches.  You can't go wrong!Coco's is a shabby sports bar.  The food is forgettable, it should NEVER have been in the Philadelphia restaurant week listings.
The friend I invited along no longer trusts my judgement.  I felt very taken advantage of.The burgers here are FANTASTIC.  They've got all kinds of gourmet combinations and high quality meat.  The food is not inexpensive, though the drinks can be.  
The booths can be a little small, especially for quizzo, or for parties of more than 2 people.  Luckily enough there are tables and you can eat at the bar too.The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly. The menu is small menu but the food was tasty and reasonably priced. I wouldn't of though the food would be that good seeing as though this place is primarily a bar. I may try to check again when I'm in the Philadelphia area.This is a good spot for a get together... you can set up a group happy hour for 15 people or more with a reasonable cover for apps and open bar for 3 hours. I think $35 per person is pretty reasonable for something like this in Center City. 
Often you have to wait for a beer, even when they are not particularly busy. There aren't particularly good happy hour specials but the prices are okay. The food is just okay but not outstanding.
Otherwise, the place is okay for a quick drink after work. I don't go out of my way to come here.This bar has great food and great prices.  I had the ranchero chicken wrap and my friends had the steak - we were both very impressed.  It's a small bar and not somewhere you'd go for a wild and crazy night out, but definitely worth stopping in on for some excellent food.First off, Coco's sounds like an African American strip club in West Philly.  That is not a bad thing if you are looking for some sultry, dark skinned women, but it is not a good thing, if you are downtown looking for a nice bar to get drinks and dinner at!
Coco's also looks like a strip club from the outside, but has a nice more contemporary look for the interior, less some gnarly bathrooms that get "cleaned" by what I assume is a blind person with a high sustain for their job.
The service at Coco's last night was terrible.  The waitress was falling out of her top when she leaned over to take our orders, and it was not a flattering look for her.  
We came for the Monday night "all you can eat" Snow Crab legs special for $23.99.  Not a bad price for snow crab legs, am I right!?!  
Paper placemats were put on the table to aid with the mess.  However, our table was only bussed when we asked for the used plates, napkins, and paper to be cleared and when meals were finished the table remained messy.  When you finish eating crab legs you do not want to sit and stare at the mess you made and the carcasses of many fallen crustaceans.  
The waitress also cleared a bowl that was full of crab remains and brought a used and dirty bowl to the table!  Are you serious!?!  At least run that sucker under the faucet for 5 seconds!
In addition, the crab legs were swimming in butter from the manner in which they were prepared.  The crab cluster plates came with drawn butter, so cooking them in butter seemed unnecessary.  Also, butter does not make crab taste better, seasoning does, as per my personal preference.  
My wife ordered a Greek salad with some mystery dressing, that was luckily on the side, and it was ok, but the up-charge for grilled shrimp was $6 for only a few small shrimp (30-35 count)!  Say what!?!
The draft beers also tasted way off, and hinted at a dirty tap system.  Yards Brawler should not taste bitter!
The prices were fair, the menu had options, the draft selection was decent, but service and details failed to make Coco's a desirable Philadelphia watering hole.
I will not be returning to Coco's and do NOT recommend this bar/restaurant.  
The flooring/carpeting was also sticky like the Forum on Market!  Gross.Eclectic and Ambitious. Good Value for your $.
Wow, I am surprised at the bad review below..bad food? Surely you went to another bar with a similar name? Cocoa's or Koko's perhaps?
Nevertheless, I've been here 3x now and am more prepared to say this place is a 'gem' if you will, buried in the heart of Jewelers row. 
I know what you're thinking.."shady gold place, followed by some Diamond-Jim Emporium, yeah this Cocos must be some dive-a$$ bar." Oh, the contrary. 
This place is perfect if you are seeking a chill spot to relax with your significant other, some friends, or coworkers.  Good for lunch, dinner, quizzo, or whatever game is on TV. It is so NOT a sports bar (sure the Phils will be on..but the crowd here is hardly 'rowdy' nor spilling their Bud Lights on you..check Chickie/Petes for that).
They have daily food/drink specials..but its their menu that stands out. Sure they have the stand-by's..burgers, wings and whatnot.. yet also Eggplant Napoleon, Steak Delmonico, Filet Mignon, Flounder Taco Salad, Mussels, and an array of dishes that will delight you. Their quality of food surprised us, and keeps us coming back (that, and its not crowded yet).
The bartender was friendly and helped direct us to new beers we liked. Oh, I LOVE a bar that serves a good assortment of local beers and hard-to-find micros.. this place has both.  Unexpected, a true 'Find'.I stopped in for lunch with a friend. Menu was ok - burgers, salads, sandwiches. I ordered one of their daily specials - chicken caprese salad, which came with a soup. The salad was very basic - grilled chicken (perfectly cooked, but not seasoned at all- I added quite a bit of salt & pepper..eh), fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and basil. The chicken's lack of flavor really put a damper on the salad. The mexican-type soup that I chose had some flavor, but tasted either like it was sitting in a pot for a couple of weeks, or was a low quality canned soup. My friend got a turkey club and it looked like a turkey club and she said it was good. I ordered a beer, but it tasted faintly of dirty tap. I suppose I really should've returned it or said something. 
I appreciate a good dive as much as the next person, but cleanliness seems like an issue here. Sticky table, food all over the floor, and my friend saw a certain large dead insect in the bathroom prior to leaving (I'm sure they're all over city restaurants, but not something you want to see and something you don't generally miss when you're cleaning on a regular basis). I won't be back. No reason to. Not a bad experience, but it was very, "eh." Plenty of other spots in the area.While this is definitely a great place to grab a pint and watch a Phillies game, I would recommend eating elsewhere. 
First, if you are a vegetarian, just forget it. This may be the one last menu in Philadelphia that doesn't cater to people who are not into eating meat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  The waitress did have the kitchen sub in refried beans for the chili on the nachos, but in addition to jack cheese they came with velveeta nacho cheese which was just too much and left me feeling kind of nauseous the whole night. Normally I would not care, but they literally have 30 entrees on the menu including at least one that cost $24 and yet nothing for vegs. 
Now I recognize that I some people reading this will be ecstatic about what I describe and to them I say - go, enjoy! But expect to pay WAY too much money for what you get. There is nothing amazing about the food, and yet the prices would suggest there is. 
Service was so-so. The waiter was fine, the waitress was rude. I get that serving a group can be a pain, but we're a good group of people and generally servers genuinely like us (or at least pretend to!) 
This place is a dive. It has some good TVs, but overall, it's a dive. So it makes no sense that their drinks are expensive & their food is expensive.Even though I was told what the place was before I walked in, I was still surprised. From the outside and even when you sit down, it looks like an old-man bar, dive - pub that would have good beer and some sports games while the bartenders chat up the locals. 
However, when I saw the menu, I felt like I was in a completely different place. Oh, there was pub food - but everything was "upgraded". They had burgers - but they were all Kobe beef, sandwiches but things like lump crap in your quesadilla instead of chicken. 
My friends who had been there before, asked for some drink specials and a couple of bottles of beer were only $3 dollars.
Those two friends knew what they wanted when they walked in. One had a hamburger and the other had a lump crab quesadilla and suggested it to me. It was delicious! There was the crab, garlic spinach, roasted peppers & boursin. It came with a delicious spicy dip on the side.
This won't be a really cheap dinner, but it will definitely be a delicious one!We had stopped in  here for lunch after shopping across the street, were very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food , I had a salad but my wife had the mushroom pizza crock which appeared small but was quite filling, the service is so fast that if you are tight on time you will get a good meal in under and hour and at a reasonable price.I came here for a late night farewell beer with a friend during my last night  in Philly. Nothing special but a solid neighborhood bar with friendly staff. Just what we were looking for.Listen. If you haven't had the chance to smell a Denny's in central PA, check out Coco's, the awkwardly "upscale" sport's bar.
We went on a Tuesday night when they were hosting quizzo for the oddest crowd ever. There was a lady rapidly jotting down answers who might have been old enough to meet Ben Franklin IRL teamed up with the guy from Malcolm in the Middle. I enjoyed a Blue Moon and had some really bad nachos. They were really bad.
They were really awful nachos.
OK!Nothing special.  Dirty, and bathrooms were horrible.  Good for a few guys getting a quick beer but nothing else.I go here a lot for beer and light meals. It's cool hangout with good service. On tues. I had the mussels, and I ended up hanging on the toilet all night. I learned my lesson; don't eat seafood unless you are at a seafood place.Not your typical dive. I really wouldn't consider Coco's a dive, but a lot of other people do. This is sort of your neighborhood bar that is a little out of place, and not near many other bars so you won't get the young crowd, or much of the old crowd. There is generally a place to sit, and the menu is varied. I really like the French Onion Soup and the burger, top it off with a giant Kenzinger and you are good to go. I tried the mussels the other night and while not my favorite in the city, i will say that they were pretty good. I woudl def recommend this place for people looking to avoid the crowds but still hit a decent bar.
My only gripe is the smell. they have got to replace the carpet or switch to hard wood floors.I ordered the quesadillas.  They were so-so.  Some of the other food looked really good, so I regret having not ordered something else.  The service was good.  The crowd there kind of reminded me of a suburban, mid-range country club, but maybe that's because it was early and there was a sports event on the television.You could walk by this place a thousand times and think I guess that's where the jeweler's go for a g and t and whatnot. However, if jeweler's go there, come on we are talking about my tribe here. We like food. We like good food. We like good sized portions. We like all this for a good price too. 
Everything I have had here is great. The salads, reuben, and burgers are my faves.Surprisingly good kobe burger with portabello mushroom.  Not much of an atmosphere (basic bar) but food is really good. Also have had the salads which are excellent.  Must be a great chef hiding in the back!wow what a find!! wanted a place to have a light meal before going to the theatre. the atmosphere was lively, filled with after-work groups, the wait service quite attentive, BUT the FOOD!!! was the BIG HIT!!
having only 45 min., we ordered the bruchetta(yum yum) toasted just right and ooh th goat cheese amid the fresh tomatoes was... well let's i almost hated to share it. then came the "lollipops". they did not skimp out on the meat and oooh wow these i would if i could have everyday..i'd tell you more about them but you have to go enjoy these for yourself. wish this place was in my hometown...you lucky phillie-ites!Great people awesome food. It was cold and rainy and we LOVED the french dip!! Great Friday night!Cocos is down the street from where I work, and we often call it our cafeteria because you can't go in here without seeing several other coworkers there. This place is a true delight. Whether you're in for lunch, dinner, or drinks + bar food, in general Cocos really delivers a decent meal for a decent price. 
The waitstaff is generally very attentive and quick despite the low key feel of the place. I'm a definitely a fan even when going here on a weekend after a show, cocos is always a good time.
They usually have sports playing on several screens if you're into that sort of thing, but they aren't so loud and overbearing as to call it a sports bar. Overall I'd call Cocos and excellent mix of the right elements of a bar. good food, good brew/drinks. and good staff.This place is a hidden gem in Jeweler's Row.  It is a low-key neighborhood bar that draws a diverse crowd of all ages, interests and walks of life.  It is also a great place to watch a Phillies game on their many TVs.  The music is almost always a great blend of classic rock with a little 90's alternative thrown in, and it is never too loud.  Coco's usually draws a good sized crowd, but not so large that you are denied a table or a bar stool.
They have generously sized, reasonably priced drafts including Smithwick's on tap, and they know how to pull a good Guiness.  They have decent nightly drink specials.  So far, none of this should sound surprising for a good bar.  The secrets lie in the food!  Their sandwiches and bar fare are all solid, the wings are excellent, and the slightly battered fries are outstanding.  However, the entrees and specials are what keep me coming back again and again and again.  Unlike a lot of bars, they do not have a cook in the kitchen; they have a CHEF.  That man knows his way around ingredients, flavors and preparation, and it shows.  I fantasize about the blend of flavors in his scallion potato pancake more often than I do about Brad Pitt.CoCo's tries to do nothing, and wonderfully achieves.  This strange, divey (for Center City) bar is tucked away on a forgotten block near Jewelers Row.  The beer is decently price.  The food is simultaneously tasty and forgettable.
There is really nothing special about CoCo's.  It's mostly older men sitting around after work, or on break.  But for some reason, I just like this spot.  Temper your expectations, and you will too.It makes me sad to do this, but my desire to provide accurate Yelp wisdom to the masses requires me to dock a star from Coco's.
Don't get me wrong - it is still a very solid neighborhood bar: good crowd (locals, mixed ages, etc.), good music, good spot to watch a game.  Sadly, the wow factor has been consistently lacking on recent visits.  My beloved chef has either moved on to greener pastures or has had LOTS of nights off.  The food is still good, but not the outstanding fare of the past.  They have also changed the food menu, scaling back the entree offering and removing some of my favorite items :-(  
Keep in mind, though, this is still a 4-star review, and I'm still a fan.  If you go to Coco's expecting a solidly above average local bar experience, you will not be disappointed.Coco's is our go to place for a quick bite since we've moved to the city and it's around the corner. Clean, friendly, and a great variety on the menu. Fun trivia nite on Tuesdays. Place is usually packed.Coco's is a great low key bar. It wasn't over crowded and the prices were just right. I love the different mix in people and how approachable everyone was. The bartender was great and had just enough spunk! It's definitely a good place to try for a relaxing night and reasonably priced drinks!We stumbled on something unexpected here.
We needed to find a place to eat before cathcing Born Yesterday at the Walnut Street Theater. So I did a little googleing and found Coco's was pretty much the closest thing to the theater.
At first we almost decided to move on because we are on a budget and the specials seemed a bit pricy.
Then we figured what the hell..we just wanna get a beer and split something anyway.
We walked in...weren't sure if we should seat ourselves or not..then realized that would be the best idea since noone recognized that two customers had just walked in.
We sat down and were only aknowledged after I got up and walked to the back to read the specials on the chalkboard. A waitress handed me the written version of the specials and a made my way back to the table.
After that...after they figured out that we were new customers..only then did the service really pick up. We were waited on by two waitresses at that point and felt we were finally being taken care of.
The best part about the experience though, was the food!  We were just so happy with the food! All we ordered was the Bruchetta and the Lamb lollipops. They came pretty soon after our beers hit the table and boy were they good!
The Bruchetta was perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned and we were glad there wasn't more than a plateful..because we could have eaten them till we exploded!  
The lamb lollipops were even better than the Bruchetta! Perfectly cooked. Crispy to the bit on the outside and the meat just fell off the bone. The accompanying dipping sauce was great! It was like a sweet and spicy thai sauce. It reminded me of some food I had in Thailand a few months back...which is a good thing!
All in all? We'd definatley go back to Coco's...We are looking foward to trying other items on the menu....if you go though, just make sure they know you're there when you arrive.  ;)Went here for happy hour drinks and their vodka lemonade special was amazing for 5 dollars. 
Can't go wrong with a little day drinking at the price when there is nothing much to do after you visit the touristy places.good burgers, good atmosphere, good beer selection. 
i usually go for the surf and turf burger, with a  crab cake on topWe've been here a few times before and maybe those times have been "off" times. The service this time was less than sub-par; not just sub-par, but less than it.
I couldn't possibly go into all that was lacking with the service but let me say that when the waitress took my uneaten salad she asked if I wanted to keep my fork. No, I do not! Why would you ask that? Why couldn't you either have brought me a salad fork when you brought my salad (since you KNOW the table is set with only ONE fork!) or offer to bring me a clean fork? Are the forks coming out of your paycheck? Just bring me another fork!
The sheppard's pie was made with too much salt and as I result I was drinking water all night after I left. The dish left us asking "Where's the potatoes"? Sheppard's pie is suppose to be equal amounts potatoes and meat. There was a small amount of decoratively-placed potatoes on top of the dish, but that was all.
The salads were good. I would recommend asking for half the size because they are big.Eh, been here 3 times in past months & the food is just ok. The Popeye salad is big, but nothing to write about. Had the scallop special & they were covered with a nasty barbecue sauce so I couldn't taste scallop. Forgot what I had on 3rd visit. Services are always extra nice but I won't return. Perhaps the old chef everyone raves about is gone. Either that or everyone's drunk by the time food comes. Fair prices also.I've lived across the street from Coco's for the past three years and only been in here a handful of times. 
I like the food although it's a bit pricey. I've never had anything special off the lunch menu (just bad to so-so sandwiches) but the dinner menu has always been pretty delicious. The crab quesadillas are super tasty, the nachos are baaaaaangin, and the burgers are great too. 
Also, the drafts are reasonable prices making up for the extra money you spend on food. Plus I think it's worth it when you feel like having above average pub food.
The biggest problem I have with hanging out in this bar is that the crowd is so weird and not in a good/interesting way. It's kind of a mash up of creepy old dudes from Jeweler's Row, dorky grad school students, and maybe some other random people. Nothing about it is really... fun.
The staff is (mostly) cool and I like the food but this isn't really a fun place to hang out and drink for me.Living right around the corner, Coco's has turned into one of my local spots.  It's a great place to kick back with some drinks, watch a game, and just hang.Philly mag and zagat have it right. Definitely one of the best burgers in Philly. Bacon and Bleu is awesome. Fresh Bleu cheese, Christ bacon, and cooked medium rare like I asked. Service was good and the place was definitely empty for a Saturday night, but it actually added to my party's experience. We had a blast.Coco's was fantastic! We had noticed it was close the Walnut Street Theater and figured we give it a try before the show we were seeing....glad we did. We were seated right away...now it was early so I don't know if it's like that all the time. I had the crab quesadillas....OMG so good! Huge portion and it seemed everyone else's was too. The gorgonzola chips were awesome and the onion rings were huge and tasty. I would definitley go back and actually hope to sooner than later!The only bar in the area, and an excellent option. Decent beer selection, and a good kitchen to boot. Gorgonzola potato chips! Otherwise this place looks like it did in 1978, and it's lovely.I ate red meat for the first time in over a year last night, just because the burgers looked SO GOOD. And they definitely were! The bacon blue cheese burger is absolutely delicious!  I give 2 stars for all other food - the salads have too much dressing and are just odd (the spinach, walnut, and cranberry salad tastes like you're eating christmas), the fried stuff is over-fried, and the quesadillas are eh. 4 stars for the burgers.
also - Quizzo on Tuesday nights!I hate having to give only 2 stars, but I just couldn't go to 3.  We went in for a late lunch so we didn't enjoy any drinks at the bar which may have made my opinion better.
If this place was on a back road in south jersey it would be a good find. Its not. They are in center city and have neighbors like "Jones" and "Talulas".  There is s funky smell that hits you when you walk in. The soft drinks and water taste a little "off". 
The soup was "eh" "ok" . 
The crab cake was tiny and had no crab in it. 
The fries were good and our server was good. My wife's burger looked good and she said it was pretty good. 
The menu online did not seem to match the menu we were given. Was it the difference between lunch and dinner? I couldn't tell.My family and I were headed for El Azteca but we discovered it was closed on Sunday! A lot of other restaurants in the area were too! So we ended up at Cocos, and it turned out to be a fortuitous thing! We all had burgers with fries, and everyone enjoyed them. The burgers are huge and the fries were delicious. I had sangria too, and it was very tasty!The food's unexpectedly good at Coco's.  Nothing fancy, but I don't think I've ever had a bad meal here, and I used to come pretty often when I lived in the neighborhood. 
On my last visit I got chicken cordon bleu, which has a brown sugar teriyaki glaze, and came with asparagus, real mashed potatoes, and an unfortunate gravy.  It cost $10.  It wasn't bad, and usually Coco's does better.  It's probably a good idea to stick to the simple stuff.
The buffalo wings are excellent, and you get a giant plate for $9.Did you know they have a tasting menu!?
29 a pop for 4 courses. 
Ask for Britain the chef to make you something special.
I can't wait to go there for the game,prob will not be too crowded.
Bar staff is very friendy.I usually go to Coco's when a group of us can't decide where to go or when I'm craving their delicious beer battered onion rings! When I go there for dinner, I'm never at a loss for options and the specials are always mouthwatering dishes that live up to my expectations. Their lunch menu is slightly different. They still have onion rings (thank goodness!) and it also has a couple omelet sandwiches on long rolls that are also out of this world (if you like eggs and broccoli, you're in for a treat). There's no doubt in my mind that this chef knows what he's doing back there, and that's really all I need to know!
The venue itself is well-hidden, on jeweler's row, which actually adds to it's charm. The service is quick and friendly- they will chat if they must, but they're usually too busy to stay for long. It's def. an old bar- you can tell by all the woodwork. The bathrooms are TINY and really the only drawback. If you're aware of that though, you're prepared and it's not a shocker after the initial go!  
Note: Move to the back and nab a comfy booth, complete with fairly high-backs so you can have a nice intimate dinner at a reasonable price.
Special Note: If you're a Walnut Street subscriber, they give you a discount!Pleasantly surprised! I work about a block away and walk by this place often. Went with a group of co-workers and was impressed by the food. 
Looks like a good happy hour place and they also participate in Restaurant Week.this place is great.  i ate here almost every friday for a year.  i always went with the number 5, but i hear the others are tasty too.  number 5 with a bowl of french onion soup.  bring some coworkers and enjoy a few beers after lunch.  only get burgars though - the rest of the food is supposed to taste pretty terrible.A hidden gem! Try the French dip with a dirty martini - this side of heaven. The even made special ravioli for my seven year old who was with us that day. Cool as a cuke on a hot summer say - an incredible oasis for weary tourists :)Every time I go in here hoping to recapture our first wonderful experience, I am more disappointed. Last time we got a "garden" salad consisting HARD tomatoes and iceberg lettuce. Oh, and a hard boiled egg. Really? A hard boiled egg? Who grows hard boiled eggs in a garden? This was a GARDEN salad. The spinach crock was LOADED with cheese, if you could get any spinach that wasn't glupped in cheese, it was rather tasty. The drink was ok. The waiter never asked if we wanted dessert, simply bought the bill.
The alcoholic beverage was good, I'll give it that.
So sad that things can't stay as good as they were.Hey, a dive bar - great vibe. Old school.Now open again. Great food with new chef. Great service- yeah Nichole!! Now called Craftsmens RowAmazing seafood and every item on the menu is awesome! One of the best bartender's in the city will take care of you no matter what your mood. Their specials are beyond good!This is a great place to drop in for a quick drink and a bite when you're in the area and looking to kill some time. Atmosphere is divey in a friendly sort of way, and the bartenders and servers are more affable than surly. We dropped in for about an hour while we waited for some work to be done on jeweler's row and had a beer each and some chicken fingers. The chicken fingers were fresh and decent quality, but a bit lacking in seasoning. The accompanying honey mustard did the trick. Beer selection was decent and not horribly priced given the location. Certainly not a destination, but a welcome watering hole in an area that's a bit devoid of options.This a dark, dive-y bar in Jeweler's row that you can go to and not have to be fancy. They have decent beers on tap and they have large-proportioned, cheap appetizers. The wings were crispy like I like them and they give you a ton of onion rings for the price. Check it out!It's closed for good but re-opened as Craftsman Row. I loved Cocos" ratatouille and will miss its classic old school Philadelphia vibe. Bye Cocos it was an honor eating and drinking in your hallowed halls.