I came in on 11/18 for wine school. Wine school was great but initially intended on leaving after.  I decided to stay for dinner and loved the place.  The owners are extremely cool and were walking around the restaurant talking to guests.  They are pretty much the reason I decided to stay for dinner rather than leave. For our appetizer my girlfriend and I had the pork fritters. They were great.  For my entree I had the poutine burger.  The brown gravy and cheese curds on the burger was something different than I've had before and worked very well. I really enjoyed the burger. With the poutine burger you also get a HUGE portion of fries.  I also had the cocktail called "the brown one" which I loved as well. Overall the food and drinks were near perfect and the staff and owners were extremely friendly and fun. I will definitely be coming back, probably next month for the wine school and dinner!Fun dinner for a group. The menu had an eclectic selection, and everyone could find something to enjoy. Affordable wine list. Definitely worth a return trip!Definitely adding this spot to my monthly rotation! I've had dinner, drinks, and now brunch here - all great. The place is cozy (read: fireplace going), has really friendly attentive staff, and has great food and drinks. A few highlights - rabbit dish on the dinner menu, poutine, unbelievable steak frites, and steel cut oatmeal that had forever redefined what is possible for oats. Don't know why it's not more crowded yet - when the Sabrina's crowd figures it out I'll be disappointed but not at all surprised :)Great Bella Vista restaurant. Wonderful servers. Amazing happy hour! Bluefish fritters and brisket mousse are both incredible!Simply put: we couldn't have had a better experience. 
First off, our server Gracie was incredibly kind and attentive, really making the experience great. 
The drink list was expertly designed so that if there was 1 of everything you would want. We had the fizzy one and the dark one cocktails, both if which were great. 
For food, we got the charcuterie, flatbread, the big green salad (what a smart idea), steak, and rabbit. All of it was pretty spectacular. On top of that, we had an amazing chocolate dessert that I certainly will get again in the future. 
Although we certainly went big with our order, the menu is reasonably priced and has lots of options for different types of eaters.*Happy Hour only*
Love all their sister restaurants, so we had to give this one a go. 
Pretty solid happy hour with $5 select wines and $4 draft beers, $5 hummus, $1 buck a shuck oysters, and a couple other sliders and stuff that I don't remember because they all contained pork or some sort of red meat which I don't eat so that went right out my head. 
The bartender was very personable, friendly and easy to talk to. As with all other locations, the beer list is solid. Their other food looks intriguing too, I'll be back to try their gnocchi for sure! Oysters were as good as $1 oysters are, and hummus is solid for $5 but not much more than that.Food and service both are excellent (I'm obsessed with the ZLT)! There is a good selection of vegetarian fare, as well as Pennsylvania beers and ciders. You really can't go wrong.Stopped in for a few drinks on a hot afternoon.  Wonderful place, so friendly and very helpful for us tourists.  Morgan was absolutely lovely and kind and we really enjoyed chatting with her while we took a break from our walk-a-bout.  Not around a meal time so we didn't try the food but I'd be surprised if it's not awesome.  The place just has a comfortable atmosphere and very friendly service.Coeur is a wonderful neighborhood spot, with great food and a wide variety of beer and wine. The poutine is amazing, and many of the other items on the menu have a really unique flavor. The staff is helpful with any questions about the wine variety.I tried Coeur for my first time last weekend. We came on a Sunday evening for dinner, and the place was empty. Slightly awkward, but it didn't change the wonderful experience. 
5 stars because: 
- GREAT BEER lists. There was an Allagash tap takeover and I loved all the sour choices. 
- ESCARGOT was delicious! Probably the best I've had (but I also don't eat it often). It had a fantastic sauce with candied walnuts, so good! 
- STEAK TARTARE was one of my favorites, generous portion with an egg yolk.
The rest of the food was really good:  
- CHARCUTERIE & CHEESE plate was amazing.  Very large portion, it filled us up! I loved the soft cheese selections on this. 
- Poutine was OK, everyone seems to love it, but I've had better. Still very good though.
- Soup of the Day, cold bean soup was fantastic!! Loved it! 
- Smoked Bluefish fritters were OK, pretty salty but still good.
Sundays, 50% off champagne! 
We wanted oysters, but they were all sold out. Oh well, next time.  I'll come back because I loved the food, loved the beer even better, and the service & atmosphere was also very great. 
I hope this place stays open for a while! Its kind of in a desolate area with not much action (at least the Sunday I visited).Half priced bubbly is all the more reason to come here on a Sunday! We got the Muscat along with the asparagus appetizer, and I ordered the rotisserie chicken with vegetables. Highly recommended - check it out!Stopped in for their $5 Orval special during the pope visit, and ended up staying for a few more drinks! After sampling the draft list (Belgian Tripel, saison, and the always delicious Hop Hands), I rounded things out with 'The Brown One', a Rye based cocktail that hit the spot.
Didn't order any food, but the menu looked delicious, and I vowed to myself I would be back after seeing what was coming out of the kitchen.
The bartender and staff were attentive and very friendly, and the atmosphere felt cozy, but not stuffy. Looking forward to seeing this place become a staple in the neighborhood.Let me just say that their Zuccini Lettuce and Tomato (zlt) is the fudgin' business.  Always good service, reasonably priced, and I have yet to be disappointed by the food or wine.Pretty happy with be choice to go here. The happy hour during the week is reasonably priced the food it tasty. We had the bacon hush puppies and the wings for HH and split the burger with Poutine. Would like to come again to try the Gnocchi and the Vegan Pastrami.I would never have walked in if I had found the restaurant as a pedestrian. (I read the menu online before my visit.) I don't like upscale anything, and at first glance, I would have written Coeur off. But I would have been missing out!
The price range wasn't preferable for me, but the menu was exceptional, and therefore worth the extra $6 for each item, compared to what I'd normally pay.
Poutine is not easy to find, and when I ordered a poutine burger, I had no idea it came with two patties! That's always a pleasant surprise!
food = 5/5 (great portions, wonderful flavor)
price =2/5 (visit on payday)
atmosphere = 4/5 (I prefer bright light to dim; casual bordering on trashy or corny to elite. Most people have different taste than I do!)
The single complaint I have is actually more of a concern, and it's not necessarily about the establishment. The plants outside have a HORRIBLE aphid infestation! I don't know if the landlord or owner deals with them, or if it's someone else's garden entirely, but it made me sad to see so many bad bugs eating all the pretty plants. Hopefully it snows soon, because I doubt anybody's gonna release ladybugs on Coeur's garden.Went to Couer on Saturday night with a group of friends.  Food was fair... Definitely will not go back.  Had the large salad and chefs selection to start. Salad was not good at all...bland bland bland...Just not worth ordering again. Chefs selection was ok and very difficult to share for a group of 6.  Entrées were nothing great either plus the place is overpriced for what it is.
The worst part of the evening was our hipster male waiter. He was very arrogant and just plain rude. I ordered a bottle of Bourgogne and asked the waiter to decant the wine for us. He gave me a snarky comment in front of a group of people and told me the wine did not need to be decanted. The wine was also very warm and not slightly chilled as it should be. If you disagree on how French wine should be served go to France and see how they serve it to you. Regardless, I don't need your attitude for a simple request such as decanting wine... Just do it. If the customer asks you to decant Philly tap water you do it. Keep in mind I was super polite in my request.  To top it off when he poured me the wine to taste I gave it a quick swirl and a sip only to be ridiculed by the waiter again as he rolled his eyes at me and made another comment!Nice decor, nice staff, AWEFUL food.
We came here for Brunch and ordered an Omelette and the Vegan Special. Both were greasy and everything on the plate was breaded and fried. Yuk!!! I just want to scrub my insides from all the oil & grease.... :(((OMG the best breakfast in town.  They make hand-made sausage and it was amazing and very filling.  I loved the style of the place, I could've done without such a serious bartender---food should be fun....smile a bit life isnt that serious.  But the servers were great and so I would go back in a heartbeat.We are big fans of this group of restaurants, I hope this places finds its legs in Queen Village. Nice little wine bar with an interesting list at a good price point for the neighborhood, also some excellent beers available if you are a beer lover. Food was great, though the zucchini sandwich could use some more sauce..maybe a vegan aioli? I also wish the fries came with something other than bottled ketchup. Butternut soup was silky and satisfying.  Service was excellent, and very friendly.I went to Coer with a friend and we really enjoyed it. First of all, the decor is lovely and it's a nice space overall. Service was great- very friendly. I had the vegan pastrami and my friend has the brisket sandwich. We both enjoyed them. I would only say that mine was pretty salty, but I think it's those vegan deli slices, and that's just kind of how they are. I wonder if there's something else to make a vegan pastrami sandwich out of that's not fake meat... anyway, cocktails were good. I will go back!Two words - sunday funday!  Coming back for 1/2 price bubbles. Oh ya, the food was amazing too. I had the tuna tartare and escargot for a nice happy hour one afternoon. Dinner menu looks delicious.Definitely my new neighborhood joint (ironically when I lived in West Philly, Local 44 was my joint), and I'm excited for more visits here. A friend brought me here for dinner a couple of weeks ago, and I am certainly glad that he did. I have passed this place regularly for the three months that I've lived in this area, yet I never even looked at the menu. Now that I had a chance to give it a look, I was wowed (I even noted that it reminded me of Local 44, only to have our wonderful waitress tell us that the two share the same owner). We started out with the wild ciders, and this has temporarily replaced the Local 44 Duet as my favorite local brew. Interesting in color and delicious in taste, I ended up quickly downing two. 
Food wise, we ended up splitting two dishes - the Turbot and the Sausage two ways (special of the day). Our helpful and attentive waitress recommended both, and it was a good decision. It was my first time having Turbot, and I was not disappointed. The buerre blanc was excellent with all components of the dish (the gnocchi being the standout), and the fish was cooked quite well. The sausage was less impressive but still delicious. Sadly there was no room for dessert, but this will be a place I am sure I will do happy hour and dinners at on the reg. 
One final note - everyone who works here is fantastic! Our server was friendly and knowledgeable, and we had two others check on us over the course of the night.Stopped for a delicious ZLT sandwich, smoked fried zucchini, lettuce and tomato on a roll. We shared an order of oysters, very sweet. The fries are delicious, too. My daughter enjoyed her chicken salad sandwich, too.
Would definitely go back for dinner.Wonderful neighborhood restaurant where the bar is a destination all its own. Did I say poutine?  And not the kind sogged to destruction with gravy. Somehow the fries remain fresh and crispy underneath delicious meat syrup. 
Sometimes the seasoning or balance isn't just right, but people here are gracious enough to take constructive criticism and make necessary adjustments. Always learning - the mark of a good restaurant. 
Fantastic. I recommend.We had dinner and while service is good, the dishes are way overpriced for the quality and taste = 3 stars.  We had the flambee which was too sweet, the poutine which is good bar food, and the grilled bavette beef dish which was blah.
We are not too impress by the food here.  Beer selection is decent.  
Will not dine here again.  We would only come back for happy hour and drinks.  This place is really a bar and if we come back it then we will be sure to lower our expectations and treat it as a bar.So... I was knocked off my feet.  Walking in, we saw the dining area but are dropped off into the bar where a friendly bartender waved hello and the staff wer waiting to welcome and seat us.  The staff here is incredible, personable, and made us feel like we were special even though the place was full.  We ended up ordering a lot of different appetizers, and while everything was great one thing was truly spectacular.  The steak tartare is next level.  My wife joked that there is someone in the kitchen just telling the chef "you know what would be awesome!?".  Well, this place is awesome.  And its not expensive.  It is spacious and comfortable and... its going on our list of stand by's for whenever we want to eat out.  I am so glad we tried it.Coeur has been on my radar ever since I read an article about the best new restaurants in the city. Finally made it over here last weekend for brunch with the boyfriend to celebrate Valentine's Day.
I called ahead to secure a spot, and when we arrived (2:15 PM) the place was EMPTY. Perhaps this was due to the fact that it was freezing outside and no one felt like braving the cold. Being the only ones in the restaurant was a bit awkward - we felt the employee's eyes on us the whole time and I'm pretty sure they could hear every word of our conversation (you could hear a pin drop!). 
We ordered the cured duck liver to start. I was pleasantly surprised by how mild the liver was, and it paired perfectly well with the strawberry jam. My boyfriend was not into the jam element because he felt it overpowered the liver (totally fine by me! :) ) Overall, a delicious dish and a decent portion size.
My boyfriend and I decided to split the Poutine burger as our main course. This burger has been on my mind ever since I found out about this place and read the menu. A good Poutine is hard to find in Philly, so I was hoping that this French/Canadian inspired restaurant would not disappoint when it came to something so quintessentially Canadian. Maybe due to my high expectations and anticipation, I was let down by the flavor profile. The meat itself was great (good texture, nice beef flavor), but the brown gravy was missing something and I couldn't pin point the cheese curds or tomato confit. The whole thing was pretty much one note. It didn't stop us from finishing it though, and I did enjoy gathering up the last bit of the sauce with the perfectly cooked french fries. 
The service was attentive (maybe a little too much so since we were the only ones there) and I enjoyed the ambiance. I hope to come back when it is a bit more lively and try some of the other menu items!They are still new, and in my opinion working out a lot of kinks.  I think they definitely have the potential to be great- but they are still going through the motions of finding their routine.  My issues were small but enough to not have me running back immediately.  There was 6 of us in the party and these were the issues...
- Lost our reservation (they quickly made up a table for us- which was great)
- Waiter brought out the wrong beer 
- Waited over an hour for our food to arrive (and we had to remind them)
- Brought out wrong entree 
- Forgot to bring out entree for another person
- 2 people ordered the brisket on rye- one was perfectly cooked, the other was burnt
- Medium rare burger-- overcooked 
Now this might just be the case of a "I forgot to put in the order, so let's rush to get everything out" and therefore everything just fell apart.  Either way, the food COULD have been great, but overall "Meh. I've experiences better." ... I'll go back, re-evaluate in a few months and update my review if needed.Solid French with excellent service. I had the beer cheeks that were tender and delicious with perfect size portions. Great bar with happy hour specials as well.Update: went back to couer tonight. They now have poutine on the menu, and it is quite good. Somewhat small potion, but good. Thank you for adding it!!
So far I have eaten the poutine, the poutine burger, the veggie tartare, and the chefs appetizer plate. They have all been at least above average or very good. The food should keep people going back!
The reason this is not 4 stars is because of the draft selection of beers. Maybe it's just my taste, but I have had now four of the drafts, and only the la fin Belgian was tasty. The IPA, Saison, and Deco lager were blah at best. I think the best option is wine, whether glass or bottle.
Overall, good dinner spot. I enjoy the food. Bad sit at the bar spot for drinks. But I don't think that is what they were going for, so just go for dinner! 
I will need to try the rotisserie chicken next, along with the Ruben sandwich .Went to Couer on Saturday night with a group of friends.  Food was fair... Definitely will not go back.  Had the large salad and chefs selection to start. Salad was not good at all...bland bland bland...Just not worth ordering again. Chefs selection was ok and very difficult to share for a group of 6.  Entrées were nothing great either plus the place is overpriced for what it is.
The worst part of the evening was our hipster male waiter. He was very arrogant and just plain rude. I ordered a bottle of Bourgogne and asked the waiter to decant the wine for us. He gave me a snarky comment in front of a group of people and told me the wine did not need to be decanted. The wine was also very warm and not slightly chilled as it should be. If you disagree on how French wine should be served go to France and see how they serve it to you. Regardless, I don't need your attitude for a simple request such as decanting wine... Just do it. If the customer asks you to decant Philly tap water you do it. Keep in mind I was super polite in my request.  To top it off when he poured me the wine to taste I gave it a quick swirl and a sip only to be ridiculed by the waiter again as he rolled his eyes at me and made another comment!Me and my wife went to this place and we were impressed. First, we figured we would just try the snack selections. We started off with the cheese and pickle plate and it was good. 
Next we tried out the charred broccolini and that was impressive. 
Then we finished with their poutine dish and that was good as well. 
The food was fresh, delicious, and we highly recommend this place. 
We had a great waitress named Chelsea that was attentive, but not annoying. 
The music was not too loud. The vibe was good. 
We were so looking forward to going back again, but now it's closed4 stars for the consistently friendly service.  Otherwise the place is okay but not overly impressive in any particular area.Had drinks & dinner at Coeur last night. The ambiance is great, very dark and cozy but not too small. It definitely was not crowded on a Sunday night, but we ate at the bar, as we are prone to - and kudos to LOTS of bar seating and to the attentive and welcoming service from both bartenders. Cocktail/wine list by the glass was small, but totally workable and reasonably priced (~$8 glass of wine). 
We ordered the smorgasbord to share and then each got a sandwich - the brisket for the BF, the ZLT for me. This was a LOT of food, we each took half of our sandwiches home! Smorgasbord was AMAZING. We had pork rillette, whipped ricotta, fried pickles, pickled mushrooms, deviled eggs, spiced pears, spiced walnuts, and a small arugula salad. With toast points (and they offered more when we ran out). For $18. Honestly, that and another appetizer or salad usually would feed us both! AND everything was amazing. 
We were not AS impressed with the sandwiches, although they were good they didn't blow us away. The BF thought the brisket was more like pastrami. I liked the sauce, etc., on his sandwich, but it was a huge bite! My Z (smoked fried zucchini) LT was just OK. Zucchini was a little oily, and the sauce was green (?), clearly not an aioli/mayo, and probably could have used more. Fries on the side were awesome!!!  
We will be back for the smorgasbord, the poutine, and the steak frites! Cute place, and service was really wonderful!My mom and I drove down to the Italian Market area tonight planning on checking out either Restaurant Neuf or Coeur. We decided we'd figure it out once we found a place to park and as luck would have it, we ended up at 8th and Christian! Coeur has a really inviting and warm atmosphere with dim lighting, mixed banquette and table seating and an accent wall with a quirky rabbit and mushroom wallpaper. We started off our meal with the homemade chow chow and a cheese plate. The chow chow had all the flavors you would want from pickled vegetables: salty, vinegar'y, sweet and spicy. They were a nice contrast to the delicious cheeses. For entrees, my mom went with the special of the night, pasta bolognese. Great example of doing something simple and doing it right! My mom's only complaint was that she wished it was a slightly smaller portion because she couldn't finish it and didn't want to waste it! For my entree, I went with the bacon wrapped rabbit porchetta. Balanced flavors, cooked literally perfectly and just the right amount of food. I could honestly go on and on about how much I really enjoyed that dish. Definitely a must order!! For dessert, mom opted for the bread pudding with creme anglaise. I went with the parsnip pot de creme topped with a brandy gelee. Both desserts were tasty but the pot de creme really was a pleasant surprise. It had just the right amount of sweetness but with an earthy taste to it as well. Honestly though, one of the most enjoyable parts of the whole meal was the service. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable and really welcoming. She was really great at pacing out the meal so that we weren't waiting to long nor did we feel rushed. She also was able to strike that great balance of being attentive but not overbearing. There were also other staff members who checked in on us throughout our meal and added to the overall welcoming feeling. When my mom and I left we both said how we couldn't wait to come back and bring the rest of our family with us! Thanks again to the staff of Coeur for being great at your jobs and making mine and my mom's night out so enjoyable!This place is an un-charming little dump. Rude/slow/bad service, bland food, poor beer selection and overpriced garbage food. I was there on a recent Wednesday. The place was mostly empty, yet it took hours to get anything. Yucky food and way too much attitude from the indifferent servers. Yep, that's a dump. My guess is this place will be out of business soon. Stay away!I came here with a party of 8 without a reservation on a Thursday night for my friend's birthday. The staff was super accommodating and we really enjoyed our meal. We had one guest in our party who was extremely difficult - sending back food for petty reasons, being tough. The server handled the situation really nicely. The bartender was really nice and the place had good cocktails and a nice beer list. I ordered the steak frites, it was good but I liked my boyfriends burger and poutine fries more!Great food, very local, fun chef specials which are out of the ordinary. Casual dining and should be enjoyed by allGrabbed some Sunday brunch at Coeur. Had a fatty brisket sandwich with fries. Food was well prepared and well seasoned even though the brisket was cut from the fatty side. I don't mind that much but some people might. 
The fries, in particular, were great so I imagine they'd make an amazing poutine? Great on their own nonetheless. Average Bloody Mary's with no garnish other than a lemon wedge. Weak.
The space itself seems loud and kind of cold? There's no padding or cushion on the banquets so it's just not a very comfortable space to eat in. Also, the service seemed a bit robotic. 
Everything seemed to lack "Coeur".  Not really motivated to go back for dinner.I walked past on the way home from work and knew I had to stop in soon. Boyfriend and I came for brunch that Saturday afternoon. He had the classic breakfast - scrambled eggs, bagel, potatoes and bacon. Classic, but he absolutely loved them. I had the French toast - it was definitely exceptional. The coffee creme anglaise was a unique addition and made for a rich and delicious indulgent breakfast. The staff is absolutely fantastic - very attentive and super friendly, and the decor is absolutely perfect. We especially loved the vintage television behind the bar, but all of the subtle details really make for a beautiful yet comfortable atmosphere. There are so many things we would love to try, so we will definitely be back!You come in to a sparsely but warmly decorated space.  The herbs growing in beds outside of the restaurant are a fresh touch.  Opening the brunch menu, you take note of the great many vegetarian and vegan options as indicated by the special menu symbols.  The food was tasty and hearty.  We went with perhaps the heaviest option of all, a special of fries, gravy, curds, short rib, topped by a poached egg. Absolutely no regrets.  The brisket on rye was perfectly scrumptious, packing a ton of flavor.  I also really enjoyed the cured ducked liver which somehow tasted like pb&j. Kudos for this creative dish.Went with high expectations based on other's reviews. Smoked brisket sandwich was promising but meat was tough (should always be sliced across the grain, which it was not) and 1/2 fat. Complained to waiter but he just shrugged and walked away. Poutine (which I've had many times in Quebec) only had a few soggy cheese curds.I would go there every week for food and drink quality.  
However, I am not thrilled about music choice and volume level - need to have business conversations.  
Also the hours posted are wrong.  This place is not open for lunch, someone needs to correct it!Delicious food and great happy hour specials.  This place has a cozy and welcoming atmosphere and the service is fab at the bar.My dream house in the mountains is going to look kind of like Coeur someday. Warm, low-lit, intimate, simple, and classic. Their menu is made up of sophisticated takes on homey favorites, and the drink list isn't lacking a thing.This place was great! I went there last Friday night for a late dinner and we had no trouble getting a table. To start off the decor was awesome, really enjoyed the look and feel of the place. Awesome beer selection, which was expected since Strangelove's is one of my favorite bars and they have the same owners. We had the smorgasburd which was delicious and interesting. It had gingered pears, ricotta cheese, walnuts, fried pickles (best ones I have ever had in my life) and a shredded cold pork thing that I forgot the name but was also incredible. We also shared the "small" salad which was massive and just a perfect salad. And finally the poutine which was topped with cheese curds...amazing! One of the best dinners and coolest places I have been in awhile!What about this place makes it Canadian/Montreal? 
Disappointing. Deeply. Not good, slightly pricey and small portions. 
With Royal Tavern and Good King Tavern a few blocks away, Coeur is going to need to get better quickly or it will be the latest place to fail in this location.
Our service was good.Went to couer several weeks ago with my husband and a group of friends. Food was bland and service was poor. We had a very rude waiter that seemed like he was doing us a favor by waiting on us.  This place was overpriced for the food they are serving. Did I mention the rude waiter?? With so many other great options in philly we will not be returning here.Came here for brunch, and we got tons of food for $35. The brunch burger is one of the best that I have had in a while, with ground sirloin topped with an egg and veggies. I also upgraded the fries to poutine - they are thin cut, with some gravy and cheese curds. They are good and I thoroughly enjoyed devouring them (but it is not as good as poutine from Canada). We also had the Eggs Benedict which came with home fries - which were overshadowed by the poutine. Overall, you get a lot of food for the price and the burger is delicious.
Other notes: Service is great. Front half of restaurant is bright and sunny, but the rear of the restaurant is darker. Street Parking in the area can be tough to find, but definitely a great spot if you're in the area!So sad that they closed. I miss the staff, the food and the atmosphere!Great addition to the neighborhood. The Montreal inspired menu is delicious with lots of happy hour Specials. Service is friendly and the atmosphere is cozy. There is a Dining room and a bar. The dinning room is quite and good for groups or a date night.
We stared the dinner with Pountine and continued it with fast sandwiches and beer! 
Pountine (fries, gravy and cheese curds) is not on the written menu but I got it as a special and I think if you ask they will have it. 
 They even have a Pountine Burger on the menu.  my date tried that and he enjoyed it. It is sloppy but very fast. 
I had the smoked brisket on rye sandwich and it was delicious! I asked the server for a side salad instead of fries since we stared out with Pountine. He made anexception with no problem. 
There is only one salad on the menu so if you are looking for a healthy meal you may want to go somewhere else or try this out on your 'cheat day'. It is worth every calorie.Finally ate at Coeur last night.  Great food, great service, great bar, warm and attractive atmosphere.  I shared the cheese plate (three delightful cheeses plus nuts, apple and honeycomb), the Big Green Salad to Share (the radishes and house-made croutons made it special), and the Purple and White Potato Gnocchi (omg - shiitake mushrooms and truffles - meltingly delicious!).  Parsnip pots de creme for dessert ... who knew!  Not to sweet and so very good.  My gin cocktail was "The Fizzy One," also excellent.  Servers and bartenders were the right degree of attentive and all very pleasant.  I will be taking family to Coeur soon, and recommending it to friends.I finally stopped into Coeur (for brunch, on a beautiful, lazy Saturday morning) and really enjoyed my visit, but need to go back for dinner to get a better sense of the restaurant.
Had to start with the poutine, which was messy, gluttonous, and exactly what you want it to be. I could have easily cleared another plate of the stuff.
For our "entree", my boyfriend and I split the french toast, which was very good. I'm not a sweets person at all, but the french toast was really nicely balanced and not too sweet. The coffee anglaise was tasty, and the fresh apples were a nice touch.
Service was great (we were the only people there for most of our meal...) and the ambiance is relaxing and comforting. The space is beautiful and super inviting.Coeur is a hidden gem tucked away in South Philly! The ambiance is great, with a beautiful paintings and decor. Just the restaurant layout decorated with long booths and cute little tables is quite adorable.
The drafts here are nice.I've been here twice, and it's a nice addition to the neighborhood. This restaurant is from the same lovely people who bring us Strangeloves and Memphis Taproom. The food that I've had is just as a good and they seem to have a strong bar program going for them too. I've had the ZLT and Poutine, both of which are awesome. The space itself is gorgeous and worth going for! :)My boyfriend and I live down the street from this place and we were really looking forward to its opening.  Last night we decided to give it a try and were thrilled beyond belief.
We weren't too hungry, and due to this we were having trouble deciding what to get. However Coeur offers a "for the table" section on their menu and like a gift from above the chef's tasting sampler was an option. 
After a short wait while enjoying our cocktails (the fizzy one is delicious) out comes this platter with 7 different h'ordeuvres and all with three pieces each. We are talking frog legs, sweet corn flan, brisket mousse,  pears in a sweet glaze, paté, beef tartare, and that last one I can't remember but it was a small potato stack and tasted great as well. All in all this dish was delicious and adventurous because there is nothing more fun then not knowing what you are going to get.
We had a great night at Coeur and I highly recommend this place to those wanting to try something different. The only thing I want is for them to put poutine fries on the regular  menu, because we ordered them special and they will be my comfort food must have from now on.