Today my husband and I walked here and came in around 1:20. I asked if there was a wait to sit upstairs and was told "not really". If there was, I would have asked to sit outside. Then, a guy came down and told me it would be five minutes while they cleared a table. He asked if I wanted a complimentary mimosa, which is nice but I wasn't drinking that day. I asked for a raspberry lemonade from the special menu and was told that wasn't complimentary. No big deal. At 1:45, after 25 minutes of waiting in their uncomfortably hot waiting area, we needed to leave in order to be somewhere by 3. We asked to pay for the drink. We were told it was $4. Maybe I'm jumping to conclusions, but I see your Country Time lemonade container on the shelf next to the refrigerator where you served lemonade from a pitcher. Yes, there were real lemons floating in it and yes you added a shot of raspberry flavoring...but $4 after you grossly miscalculated our wait time? That's not okay. I'm leaving hot and hungry and robbed of $4.Wont be coming back to this place..... Full Service only Rule Sucks i ordered something to eat and a Latte  wanted to relax and enjoy  inside and i was told i wasn't able to eat there because its a full service restaurant...Guy just asked me if i wanted to cancel the order and i did. Went elsewhere.My boyfriend and I chose to grab lunch from here yesterday because of all the great Yelp reviews. To be perfectly honest, if it werent for the awesome reviews, we would have lived LITERALLY down the road and never came here (signage needs some word, you need to stand out a bit more!).  We went into it knowing we wanted to binge.  We ordered (to take out because we work from home) the meatball parm sandwich with steak fries and the chicken cutlet sandwich with steak fries.  I asked on the phone about how much it would be and also how long it would take.  He informed me that with the steak fries (a little extra) it would be about $20 (not too bad I guess but I hope theyre big decent sandwiches because for 10$ a plate, I hope it's large).  He told me to give him 10 minutes- that's where I nearly fell in love!  I so appreciate them getting it out so quickly!  This place is cash only but they do have an ATM so thats good.  When I went to pick up the food I was delighted at how quick the process was, in and out and the parking was awesome too.  The food turned out to be excellent and well worth any amount of money.  Tons of food (I had a LOT of leftovers- but then again the chicken cutlet sandwich is a heavy dish and very filling).  My boyfriend LOVED his meatball parm and the steak fries were done perfectly.  Just the perfect experience.  Please know that if you choose the meatball parm or chicken cutlet sandwich, dont expect to feel light after; this is definitely like comfort food so dont come here on a diet. 
All in all, great job guys!! Delicious and pleased and looking forward to coming back and sitting down upstairs.After braving sub very cold temperatures and the kind of whirling dervish snow that penetrates even the longest infinity scarves, I came to realize at once that this coffee house bruncherie is everything you want it to be. Friendly - but not overly friendly, and that's important - comfortable ambiance. Delicious food and cappuccino, almost under-priced affordability.
I had the hangover sandwich with my usual choice of breakfast meat. It comes with a complimentary mimosa, Bloody Mary, or orange juice. I went with the non-alcoholic selection, which should please my mom. 
The sandwich was exquisite. A fine option when I lack Breakfast Jonny ingredients at home. 
Nothing more needs to be said.Oh large cappucino with an extra double shot, you're so strong... so delicious...so consistent...i'm pretty sure I'm in love with you. 
I can only speak to the coffee as i've never eaten the food here but this has become my new favorite place to grab a cappucino which says a lot with all of the coffee options in the area.Not only do you get a free mimosa or bloody Mary or glass of wine which you wait;  there are treats for your dog AND every dog is also fed a piece of bacon!These guys are great. Super friendly, great food, and they love dogs! They bring out bacon if you have a dog with you. And you have to try the fried peanut butter banana sandwich it's really good.I eat here about once/ week and I look forward to my visit each time. 
Food is good. Location is great. Kind and courteous staff. Free wine while you wait.Went here for the first time today and loved it! Great breakfast/brunch spot with a good mix of unique and classic dishes. The main seating area upstairs is cozy but not claustrophobic (although seating for more than 6 could get tricky). The free cocktail/muffin with meal is fun and makes breakfast feel like a special occasion. But the thing I was most impressed by was the service. Everyone is so friendly, helpful, and seems to genuinely enjoy being there. 
We live really close by and I am kind of fearful for my waistline because we will definitely be back!Veggie breakfast burrito on habanero wrap is excellent. Iced latte just as good. New arrived hipsters and natives seem to both enjoy this Fishtown, don't call it Kensington eatery.Best cheese steak ive ever had in my life. The service is amazing, the staff is phenomenal and the prices are on point... Definitely my new favorite spot, i just wish there was more of these places spread around the city.mmm... I love this place.  Good coffee, very nice people, great food, and they offer you a glass of wine while you wait? Yes please.  
The service is fast, and if you give them a call before walking/driving over, its usually ready in 5-10 minutes.  
I love the chicken cutlet, chicken siciliano, and anything breakfast related.  So glad this placed opened in Fishtown.The go to spot in Fishtown, all around amazing breakfast, lunch too. The staff is super friendly, and you get a complimentary mimosa or Bloody Mary.  The Hangover Hoagie breakfast sandwich is to die for, be prepared to wait in line on weekends following holidays. First 5 star rating I've given, they deserve it.This is an overdue review. I ordered for pickup on a sunday morning probably during brunch rush hour and got everything I asked for. We ordered waffles with strawberry and cream extra syrup and an cheese omelette with sausage. It was so good. The only complaint was I didn't take pictures because everything was made as if we were dining in.Everyone that works here is in competition for the Nicest Man in the World award. And there is always at least one cute dog there.
+free mimosas on the weekend
+hangover hoagie 
+bad ass delicious coffeeWould have been great to eat here! Upstairs staff was fantastic while the host downstairs began yelling at us that we had to wait while there were 7 available tables upstairs. I was seated then removed from my table. Props to the bus staff and manager who are trying to circumvent this lady's attitude. We hope she has a good day and so do you.The best! Great food and drinks, very fair prices. Expansive but not overwhelming menu!I found my Bagel Place! I've lived in Fishtown about three blocks from here for a few years, and I've always had to drive somewhere to find a good breakfast sandwhich (for my weekend hangovers usually) until this place opened. I don't drink coffee so I don't know if its any good there, but their breakfast sandwiches get the job done. They are well priced and well prepared. I agree with other reviewers that they lack indoor seating but if its not warm enough to sit outside odds are I don't feel like staying there either, its just not that kind of place.most adorable fricken cafe ever!!!!! was very intimate and loved the decorations, there were mirrors hanging all over the walls. All of the mugs were mix match which I thought was very cute. I got a cannoli stuffed waffle and it was AMAZING, and the pork roll was also just as delicious. mimosas come FREE with your meal!! and It's BYOB which is sick!!! 10/10 I sooo recommend this place to ANYONE!!!I was pretty hungover so I didn't feel like making breakfast at home. I've gotten coffee here before but never a meal. I went in and ordered a veggie hoagie breakfast sandwich on a wrap, yay! And a small coffee. Came out to under $10! There are lovely picnic tables to sit on outside if it's a nice day, and the woman was just the nicest, offering me a free mimosa or orange juice! It was on the sign outside but I thought there must be a catch... Nope! Just wonderful.Today was my first time here and everything was great! I was originally attracted to the place because I heard they had great coffee so me and my boyfriend went and everything was much better than I expected. We around 9am on a Sunday and there was only one other man there so we were seated right away. I'm happy we went early because I later found out they get super busy especially on weekends. The restaurant part upstairs is really small and cozy which is a positive a negative. At the time we went it was a great atmosphere but I can imagine when it gets busy it could get crowded quick. 
They bring complimentary muffins and a free drink (choice of Bloody Mary, mimosa, or oj) while you look over the menu which I thought was awesome and unique for a breakfast place. I had iced coffee but I noticed they had coffee specials that sounded so tempting. Also when I arrive I realized it was byob. Score! On top of everything the food was delicious and the staff was super friendly.
I don't know what their peak times are but if you can get on there early or don't mind a wait you should definitely go!Coffee House Too would be absolutely PERFECT if there was more seating. This place is small...do not expect to hang around unless it's nice out and you can sit outside.
That being said...they make your food correctly (gasp!), in a timely manner, with a smile on their face, while handing you a mimosa while you wait.
Why is it so hard for other neighborhood cafes to get the basics of customer service right? I'm not sure, but I'll keep coming back to the Coffee House Too until they do.Even though I live close by, I somehow never stopped in here until recently. I can't believe I never went sooner. The upstairs restaurant is really cozy and the service was beyond great. Everyone is super sweet, our food was perfect, they served us little muffins and they even offered us free mimosas/bloody Mary's. It is cash only but they have ATMs on both floors. I can't wait to go back!Apparently vandals keep bashing in the doors and windows of Coffee House Too because they can't wait to get inside to get a latte!Tremendous attitudes all around. The food is delectable. It's so easy to devour I have to remember to pace myself. The food is carefully crafted, service is adorable and I wish I could eat there every day.You will fight tooth and nail to get a seat on weekends and holidays. It's tiny. It's worth it.
I can't not mention the bonus free drink (mimosa, Bloody Mary, or orange juice) because on the surface, that's their hook.
But it goes beyond. Service is astounding; Josh acts as though he's personally hosting a VIP party and YOU were at the top of the guest list. The place is a smooth running machine with its communicative staff and use of tech (earpieces). Errors are corrected swiftly and generously - after a mistake that involved an allergen on my plate I'd asked to leave off, my partner and I had a free meal and extra drinks. 
We returned New Years' Day with the mother of all hangovers and ordered some hearty classics (a burger and breakfast BLT), and felt sated and spoiled. Highly recommend, but you will be waiting.I went here with my friends to celebrate. On their front door it said "vegan options inside," so I was excited and hungry. Unfortunately, said vegan options were not to be found. I asked the server and he suggested the veggie burrito without eggs...that's essentially just red peppers in a wrap. Mushrooms instead would be extra. Really? 
I ordered a bagel with hummus. Normally that's something I would just make at home, but I needed food. The bagel itself wasn't anything to write home about and the hummus was definitely Sabra brand...bleh. The server was very nice, but it was still not a good experience. This place needs to either get *actual* vegan menu items and list them, or take down the sign that suggests they have them. My friends seemed to enjoy their food, but if you're vegan, it's not worth coming here.Came here this morning with my father in law, who is kind of a self proclaimed coffee house aficionado. I can't say enough how great this place is. Right on my way home from my son's school, I finally went in since my FIL is in town visiting. Downstairs is a tight squeeze (next time I'll leave my big purse home) but there's the cutest seating upstairs. Super cozy, good vibes, the employees couldn't be more proud to work there. You can tell just by their greetings they take pride in being a part of the coffee house family. Coffee is rocking, bagels are fresh. Do yourself a favor and try to homemade veggie cream cheese. I'll never have store bought again. They're dot friendly too, not sure about upstairs but you don't have to tie your dog up to go in and grab coffee. Cash only but they have an atm. All in all the place is great.When I feel like a need real food for breakfast I drop by here and get a ham egg and cheese. The thick slab of ham is what makes the sandwich for me. This place just gets it right. They felt like a part of the neighborhood since opening. Good, unpretentious, food and friendly service make this my immediate go-to joint for a quick bite. The fifth star is for having long hours which is much appreciated for that after-work lazy grab a sandwich type of night. A  solid menu, convenient location w/ easy parking, and reasonable hours make Coffee House Too a practical business with a good vibe. I look forward to them being part of the neighborhood for a long time.Love this place! The staff is super friendly, the food and coffee are great, and the prices are very fair. The free mini mimosa/wine is always much appreciated. I just really wish they had indoor seating. Oh, and the homemade meatballs are delicious.This is a little spot in Fishtown that we just happened upon.  They have THE BEST CHEESESTEAK in the city.  Sipping a mimosa on the sidewalk at 1:30 is a great way to kick off my afternoon.  Try this place.  Tell them Annie sent you!!Walked to this establishment; despite previous reviews I found it easy.  I thought it was just a grab and go sort of spot, but to my surprise it had seating upstairs.  The coffee was really really good.  The server said it was from New York and they were the only place in the area that serves it, so it's unique.  I had the strawberry asparagus salad with feta.  It had fresh greens and the strawberries were flavorful and ripe, such a great combination. My boyfriend had the breakfast wrap with a habanero tortilla and goat cheese.  The flavors went well together.   The items were also fairly priced.  I will eat here again next time I'm in the area.Currently my favorite place to go for iced coffee on the weekends. Admittedly busy, so sometimes have to wait a few minutes, but staff is so friendly I don't mind (patience people !). I haven't tried the food but guessing it must be pretty good because they get swamped with food orders (hence sometimes wait for coffee). I get mine to-go, so the size of the shop isn't an issue.Besides the food being great the service is AWESOME!!! They offer free drinks as you enter and you get free muffins before breakfast. Then the food comes out and it is fairly priced and huge portions. This quaint spot is a perfect breakfast place. Will definitely be back for more!!Really friendly staff! Very attentive. Food was good, nothing fancy. The mint tea was disappointing as I thought it would be fresh mint but it was sweet and syrupy. It was yuck! But I'd come back for sureMy friends and I were in the area looking for a brunch spot before our two hour drive back to NYC. We had a few other options in the area but boy am I glad we decided to go with Coffee House Too. We waited approximately 15 minutes (not bad) before we were seated due to the overflow of customers. Not only was the place beautifully decorated the staff was wonderful as well. My boyfriend & I decided to go with the Cheese steak Hangover Hoagie and the Western Style Omelette. Not only did they also offer free cups of Mimosas (pretty good) but the food was the best brunch I've ever had. We definitely felt like we found one of the "Hidden Gems" that we were looking for during our short stay in Philadelphia.I never write reviews but felt the need to write one after having a great hangover brunch here. The service was incredible, food was delicious, and they gave us complimentary mimosas... What more can you ask for?Sorry Rocket Cat, I love you but I've been totally cheating on you with Coffee House Too.
The breakfast sammie is a must. Cheddar cheese comes standard and there is something about the hot sauce they use that just makes it. The guys who work there are always so friendly and make a huge effort to remember your name and order. If they don't have what you want, they will try to make it, or suggest something similar. 
The free mimosas don't hurt either (nor does the cute counter staff)! 
I can't wait to come back for lunch to try more of the menu!I know I say this like very other week but this is my new favorite breakfast hot spot!
The lower level here is a quick coffee/pastry to go area, whereas the upstairs has a cute little seating area with waitress service.  The menu here is pretty simple but everything I've tried thus far has been perfect.  Plus, a free mimosa or Bloody Mary while I wait?? What else can you ask for!
The first time I was here I tried a scrapple egg and cheese on a bagel.  Simple and delicious. The second time I had a chocolate chip waffle and again it was perfect.  My husband is a huge fan of the cheesesteak breakfast burrito.   To top off all this deliciousness the coffee is wonderful too.  Woohoo! Everything is as good as it gets!What I love most about Coffee House Too is that they actually make your food quickly and correctly and it tastes better than any of the other coffee spots in the Fishtown area. They are no frills and know what they are doing. Their coffee is delicious, too. 
On weekends, they give you a mimosa while you wait for your food.
The ONLY thing I would change is I would love if they had more seating. But it doesn't seem to deter their business (I mean...hell, I LOVE the place. My boyfriend and I consider this our weekend go-to spot).
More coffee shops in the neighborhood need to take a page from Coffee House Too's book.Super friendly staff, really fast service at a great price. easy 5 stars.Friendly staff, clean and bright. Just experienced the upstairs dining for the first time. Excellent wait staff even though they're climbing a flight of stairs every few mins. We tried the feta omelette and peanut butter chocolate chip French toast. Delicious and decent sized portions. This is def one of my neighborhood favorites. Ill be back for sure!Recently visited this place for the first time. It's very tiny but the food is really good and the staff is unbelievably friendly. Had a bacon, egg and cheese on a kaiser roll. Prices are pretty reasonable. If it hadn't been so hot I would have sat outside. If you have a car, it's really easy to park.Coffee House Too is the bomb!  I do not think I have ever ordered something from here that I do not like.  The breakfast sandwiches are made on garlic bread and they are unbelievable every time.  The staff consists of some of the nicest people in the world.  
Coffee House Too is our goto breakfast spot, always.My friends and I were visiting Philly and we gave this place a shot...couldn't be happier with our choice!
FOOD: The portion sizes for sandwiches were very generous. I ate a grilled cheese with prosciutto​ and a tomato soup, along with a turtle latte. The grilled cheese paired well with the tomato soup, but it was just a tad cheesy for me -still delicious​ overall! Chocolate and caramel​ flavors in the turtle latte were great and not overly sweet. (8/10)
SERVICE: After ordering, our waitress came back and generously offered us free mimosas to thank our group for ordering coffee and food! She can back multiple times to check up, chat with us, and ask around for coffee refills. When she learned we were leaving Philly after eating to return home, she kindly asked us if we wanted another coffee in a to-go cup. (10/10)
PRICE: About what you'd expect from​ a small coffee shop, but you definitely get a lot of value since portion sizes are large. I paid about $14 for the meal and coffee, including​ tax+tip. (9/10)
I'm not a picky eater, but this definitely stood out as exceptional dining experience!The waiters ask your name and introduce you to partons in your sitting area. The food is delicious and the coffee is good. If you like black coffee it is the best. The food is comfort, filling and trendy. There is a nice crowd of people to enjoy.Best coffee/breakfast shop in fishtown. The prices are great and the portions are huge. You can easily get a delicious breakfast and coffee for under $10. I would recommend the Original Hangover Hoagie, which can be had in either a Hoagie roll or in a wrap (which makes it the perfect breakfast burrito!) 
I'm becoming a regular there, and I suggest everyone in the area try them out! Also, you get a free small orange juice or cocktail (mimosa or Bloody Mary) with every food order!I love this place. SO. MUCH. I've never eaten anything here that wasn't delicious and fresh, and the service is always SO nice. I walk out of there with a smile every time. I suppose the free mimosa helps...but do yourself a favor and get the St. Lucifer fries with the chipotle aioli. *droolsWent here today to order food for the first time.  My car is in the shop and I needed to walk somewhere.  I am going to be honest there is something about the sign at this place that I don't like, it looks tacky, so i've never really given it a chance.. Well now i'm living in regret. After I ordered my brie and apple sandwich(delicious btw!!)  the very sweet woman behind the counter asked if I would like a glass of white or red wine while I waited..SCREACH!!! What did you say? That's right they give you a free glass of wine with your lunch order. Well I am instant fan.  And the inside of the place is very cute. It's just that sign somehow gives me the wrong impression of the place.  I am hoping the owners will get something a little different so others will know it's a really cute little coffee shop with delicious food!  Sorry to hate on the sign, everything else about this place is wonderful.  I definitely recommend for lunch.Love this place! The staff is great, I've been there dozens of times and always consistently super friendly and accommodating. "Hangover Hoagie" is fabulous. The Chicken Cutlet Sandwich with broccoli rabe is also a great one. I want to say this place is just about perfect...the coffee is spot on. My only recommendations would be:
1 - better baked goods/desserts in the front counter (every time I have ordered they don't taste as fresh or amazing as their own cooked food)
2 - indoor seating (although this is coming soon!)
3 - more thought into some earth-friendly methods. For example. Having a counter station with "clean and dirty" stainless steel spoons to add sugar/milk, instead of plastic spoons/stirrers. It seems they do a lot of takeout so maybe biodegradable containers too.Love this place!!!! One of best spots in city for breakfast and lunch. I keep trying different things everything and am always very satisfied with everything. The coffe here is incredible and I'm a big ice coffee drinker. It's great here!!! I'll be a repeat customer for longtime. The staff is great also!! Very attentive and work well together. Always on top of things. Thanks Coffee House TooThe food here is really good..but the service is subpar. I have gotten the wrong good twice now and while it's nice to have a complimentary beverage, I would prefer to just be able to eat with the rest of the table. The second time I was in there we were there for an hour and a half because the server was overwhelmed with 4 tables. I used to be a server and I understand the stresses, but it was kind of crazy for us to wait 20 minutes for the check to be dropped. Next time I think I'll order to go if i want something from here.This cafe is so adorable! I've come in a couple times for a bacon, egg, and cheese and a coffee. Both times the sandwich has been amazing and delicious, and the coffee fresh. With your order you get a free cup of OJ, a mimosa, or a Bloody Mary. Sweet deal! The people who work here are super kind, and efficient. The upstairs is cozy and I look forward to coming here for brunch in the future.Rode my bike here to have a Sunday breakfast burrito.  Maybe I was just hungry but holy moly it was good!  Saw a posted picture of the one with homemade meatballs, so I had to get that and tyne habenero wrap upon a listing of the wrap choices.
There seem to be a lot of staff there for such a tiny place, but there is now seating upstairs so it doesn't feel so much like a cramped closet anymore.  Friendly guys, and lots of regulars.
They offered up a free mimosa or OJ while I waited.  Sweet.  I'll definitely come back here.Yes, yes, and yes. Staff here is incredible. Food is great. They offer free mimosas. FREE. MIMOSAS. 
do it.Stopped in for the first time for an iced coffee and a cappuccino. The guy working the counter was very friendly and immediately took our orders, pausing to ask what kind of milk I wanted and if I wanted a dusting of cinnamon on top. (I did).
Coffee was flavorful and he even made the milk foam into a heart shape on top of my cappuccino!
Will definitely be back to try the breakfast food out soon.The food was delicious. The only problem I had was deciding on what to order!!!! We did brunch outside, however I got  a preview of their upstairs dining the will open in the very near future and the space  was very chic/chillax. It will be an awesome spot for brunch with friends.Coffeehouse II is a regular stop for me when I want some tasty takeout for lunch or dinner. Their omelettes and breakfast sandwiches are great! I really like their Italian breakfast sausage and brie in an omelette. Salads are good too but aren't quite as amazing as their breakfast. It's the perfect spot when you're hungover and they even give you a free small mimosa or Bloody Mary while you're waiting. Great coffee too! The employees are very friendly especially the guy who runs the register at the counter. He always greets you with a friendly smile. The only downside is that it gets very crowded inside (even at the counter to pick up food) and that they're cash only. There are three tables outside for when the weather is nice (see picture). I recommend giving it a try!This place has great food but the owners are not nice people. The staff they employ is usually great thoughYou walk in the door immediately greeted with smiles and hellos. They opened the upstairs which I was so excited about. It's so comfortable sometimes on a day off I catch myself up there for hours. The food is delicious and reasonably priced. With great and sweet servers. If you like spice. Try anything with the lucifer spice. The pulled pork and any breakfast sandwich. My go to is the veggie breakfast burrito. So good! Everything is quality and fresh. Love this place! Never disappointed.As an Original Kensingtonian/Fishtowner Im hard to please when it comes to a Cheese Steak, or bacon egg and cheese. in Fact their is Barely anyplace in the neighborhood that you can even get a good sandwich, but this Coffee House too place, brings me back to the 80's when you could get a delicious Cheese Steak, and egg sandwich.  Their food is sooooo good, I mean really good. 1980's Good!  They have never messed up an order, their food is always as delish as the Last time, their Coffee is always Steaming Hot, I have never had to wait longer then 5 minutes for my food. Their Friendly and don't look at me like I have 6 heads when I ask for a side order of bacon for my Dog.  =)   I could eat lunch there every single day,  Their Salad is always fresh and crispy, never wilted. This place is definitely an asset to the new and old folks of Kensington and Fishtown, Yes Kensington, because when you cross to the other side of York, that is KENSINGTON, and I dont care what your realtor told you, it's Not Fishtown =) and no matter how many times you say the North Side of york street is Fishtown,  it doesnt make it true  =)  However Coffee House Too is on the Fishtown side  =)  I would love if the place had indoor seating, and I would really love it if they were open till 12am, and if they delivered AWESOME!  I will continue to drive there for lunch,. order my steak sandwich and Sebastian's side of Bacon =)  Im gonna have to inform some of the Orig Fishtowners that this place even exists, its hidden on york st, the Fishtown side.  =)  not that they need any patrons the place is always packed and their food is still on point  simply delish.  Thank you for a Real Cheese Steak, I havent had 1 of those in years =)Note: This review is based on one visit where I had a breakfast platter and drank black coffee.
Great black coffee. Tasty breakfast. Drip coffee is pricier than I prefer, but I'd rather pay a few pennies extra to keep this place in business.
Excellent, fast service. Glad to have this hear rather than that seafood place that was in this space for a hot minute.great affordable drinks, quality service, delicious food, and complimentary mimosas while you wait on the weekends?
what's not to love?
ps, i like to get the brie and granny smith sandwich on a croissant...you'll melt!Really surprised that this place is so highly rated.  Nothing about it was particularly bad - it's just not that good.  Food is kinda bland.  Cocktails weren't good.  Wait service is kinda slow.  Kitchen is not particularly accommodating with changes to the menu.  Oh - and it's cash only - no signs anywhere (unless I completely missed them) and I didn't find out until it was time to pay.  ATM in store charges a lovely $2.75 (not to mention what your bank will charge you).  Again - nothing bad, but I think Yelp's description for a 2-star place "Meh, I've experienced better" fits the bill here.My boyfriend just moved to the neighborhood, and we've tried several of the other coffee shops (pretentious, hipster and dirty chains alike). I was starting to get really annoyed because it was beginning to feel like I was trapped in an episode of Portlandia. When I stumbled on this place the other morning, it was like the heavens opened up. Seriously, it made me want to sing gospel. FINALLY a normal, awesome coffee spot with GREAT coffee, hilarious staff (it was like watching a comedy bit while waiting for my latte), and reasonable prices (not $15 for a thimble of bitter coffee and a mouse cookie). I can't wait to go back! Now, if I could just talk them into making my favorite bulletproof coffee ... mmmm ....So I'm glad this place opened, but I think I was expecting a place with seating.  I'm not a take out kind of customer.  I like their tea, but the iced coffee was a tad weak on the flavor and strong on the price for my liking.  The staff is super friendly.  I didn't really see much vegan stuff on the menu.  I'll re-review after they've been open a bit longer.10 minutes for a coffee is ridiculous. Forgetting my order while there's only 5 customers to deal with is even worse.DO NOT GO HERE!!! Today is my birthday and I went to try to order a vegan cheesesteak which is on the menu. When I tried to order the cashier said a cheesesteak is not vegan and she was disgustingly rude to me. Then she  didn't even let me finish my sentence and said "can I help the next person" while I was standing there. I did not catch her name but she had red hair. I can't believe someone treated me so poorly.The summers are great here, out door seating in the afternoon. Good food, free wifi. Found this great chill spot around Fishtown in my non Yelp days. Bagels here are as good as they say.can't beat the turkey bacon, egg and cheese on everything bagel! love the alternative meat for breakfast! Fishtown special is awesome as well!
...and don't forget the coffee! Can't wait til I can buy and grind beans.Coffee House Too is the best Coffee House in Philadelphia! I have been a loyal patron since the establishment first opened in Fishtown. The staff is always courteous, professional, and remembers your name like the old tv show " Cheers". Ronnie was my waitress today and has been on prior vists. She is very professional and is always attentive to the customers requests! Coffee House Too the Champions of Coffee!First time here and I love this place it's The cute coffee shop with specialty drinks and pastries ! We had breakfast here and I got the caramel marshmallow latte delish !!! I will be stopping in more often.Wow what a gem! Seated immediately, amazing food and wonderful attentive service at a very reasonable price. Awesome!Everything you want a brunch place to be. The decor is cute. The staff are friendly. The food comes out quickly. In addition, they give you a complimentary mimosa or bloody mary and delicious muffins while you wait for your meal. The food is great with nice portions and is reasonably priced. Everything sounded so good, I had a hard time deciding what to get but ended up getting the original hangover hoagie. The bread was nicely buttered with just the perfect amount of toasted crunch. 10/10 would recommend. I'll definitely be back!I love this place!  Their coffee is very good.  My favorite for when the weather gets nice is an iced red eye.  I really enjoy their breakfast sandwiches.  They have 3 different kinds of sausage (pork, Italian, and turkey) and who knows - they may have a 4th.  Pork roll is very good.  I'm a huge fan of everything bagels and they better be good - this place has it down. 
Lots of people are  unaware that there's an upstairs dining room - I highly suggest taking advantage of it.  I know there's a sub-par diner down the street but who wants to go there when Coffee House Too has the best of everything.  Their specials are always very interesting and worth checking out.
The staff are very friendly and I've had a quick hello with the owner and I really appreciate that this place is in my neighborhood.  They really seem to get the people that come in and I think it brings a lot of people back on a daily basis.  
Plus (and I love this)  if you bring your pup, they bring out a piece of bacon just for stopping by!  (they also have milkbones if you prefer not to give people food.)  But I just think that's such a cute idea and I love watching the dogs walk up and get so excited because they just know what's coming.  
Really great coffee.  Really great food.  Great people.  Great selection overall.Some of the best breakfast sandwiches in the area.  The prices are reasonable, portions are huge, and customer service is always great.  The only thing holding them back from five stars are the bagels which are too bready and soft.Was looking for a low key local place to take my dad for lunch. Saw this place on yelp and decided to go here. It's very hidden. I would have never known it was a restaurant. Outside it looks like a small coffee place but they have an upstairs. The menu is awesome and they give you a complimentary mimosa or Bloody Mary. I got an Italian grilled cheese which had fresh basil, pesto, tomato and mozzarella on a panini with a fresh salad. It was really delicious. My dad got a turkey club and he liked it which says a lot because he's a grumpy old man. It came with home made chips. My husband ordered a pork roll omelette with has brown which was like tiny French fries. He loved it. Really cool little place. If I lived around the area I would go back all the time.Parked to go down the street to The Mugshots but decided to try out The Coffee House Too.  Great inspiration!  The breakfast was delicious, the home fries very savory and spiced just right, the rye toast fresh and buttered, and the coffee was better than some of the hot coffee spots in that neighborhood.  Did I mention the service?  So friendly, unobtrusive, spot-on, and fab!  Oh....the signage.  That's what brought me in to the place in the first place!Great place. Got the hangover hoagie and it was excellent. Coffee perfectly done, friendly staff and free bacon for our dog. Wonderful customer service and amazing food.My boyfriend and I have made this our normal Sunday morning spot for the last year. How can you beat complementary mimosas, a friendly staff and bacon for the dogs? Some how we only just now tried the hangover hoagie.  That thing deserves some kind of award. It's everything you want for breakfast shoved in a roll. This place will always be our favorite coffee shop in Philadelphia.