Went to Comfort and Floyd for brunch on a Saturday, around 11. It was pretty busy and all tables were filled up but they were very attentive, and asked us if we would like to sit at the counter. A table cleared out pretty quickly though so we were able to sit down. The menu is small but covers most bases- our table of four each ordered something different. I had the french toast which was GREAT. It was perfectly toasted (?) and then had delicious chocolate granola and strawberries. It was just a lovely combination, and a perfect amount of food. I had some of my friend's home fries which were delicious. Everyone else enjoyed their food too (egg sandwich with kale salad- kale salad was reported to be super, egg sandwich fairly standard; omelet good; 2 eggs and 2 pancakes and bacon deemed perfect). Very homey decor, bright and cheery. I think their menu could just expand a little (more omelets or different types of pancakes might be fun) but otherwise it was really good and I would definitely go back!I had a Fabulous Birthday Breakfast...June 6th...the Foof was Tasty...the Coffee was Perfect...and the Owners Sarah & Bruce were Very Pleasant...It was a Cozy Time! I loved the Decor...Vintage
I shall be BackI can't  Wait to go back I am Craving Breakfast Now! Good Food and Plesant Staff...Sara and BruceVery cute breakfast place! Very friendly staff and welcoming to those with dogs. The Philly muffin egg sandwich was filling and savory with perfectly cooked home style fries. They were very attentive with service (our coffee was always topped off!). Highly recommend this local establishment for breakfast. It's already a favorite of ours!Delicious. Perfect neighborhood spot. A must try. Coffee is excellent. OJ was delicious. And the food was fresh and tasty.Really overpriced and small portions.
I had the waffle which was really small for the price AND ON TOP OF THAT I found a small hair on my plate. The waitress was nice enough to ask if I wanted another one but at that point my appetite was gone. My friend got two eggs and she ordered a side of scrapple on the side. It was $4 , four dollars for one small thin piece of scrapple. The Yogurt with granola doesn't come with any fruit, and its super overpriced. Im not sure why this place has so many good reviews, but save your money and avoid it. We both left hungry and unsatisfied.I'm new to the area and I use Yelp to find places I hope are okay.  
Well 07/18/2018 I arrived at 7AM, to Comfort & Floyd and when I asked questions, the Chef was more than willing to share his love for his craft.  The hostess was is friendly and prompted.  The ambience nostalgic from the artsy Art Deco furniture to the early aroma of books in the window.  You feel like you've left a city of close to 13M.  
There is seating outside and within that first hour a couple sat inside and a single person and couple chose to sit out side. They are conveniently situated at a four-way light where the sun hits the building a little in the morning, but because of the oak tree to their left the building probably sty's cool.  Luckily they have a bus stop and a police department right across the street.  Additionally they are within a nice morning walking distance.Delicious Philadelphia biscuit sandwich. A beautiful collection of cookbooks for sale. A great vibe. Seriously amazing home fries.This is probably one of the staples of brunching here in South Philly. The location is absolutely perfect, and is extremely close to the local liquor store and Acme supermarket. My girlfriend and I decided to go to this place on a whim and we absolutely adored it. From the moment we walked in to the establishment, we were greeted and treated like family. My girlfriend ordered the pancake that was on special, and I had an omelette and whole grain toast and I honestly couldn't have enjoyed it more. Great food for an AMAZING price!Came here on Saturday and was expecting a wait, yayyyyyy, no wait.
The good: the food was delicious, we got the waffle with fruit, creme fraiche and granola; a side of sausage: and their 2-2-2, 2 pancakes, 2 eggs and 2 meats (one kind of meat but two of it). I think the next time I go there I'll try their savory stuff which looked delicious.
The not good, but not bad: when we walked in we were a little confused, no one told us that we could sit anywhere until about a couple minutes after standing there awkwardly. Service was a little long, someone that sat down after us was served first. It wasn't the end of the world and I'm being picky (sorry).Loved my experience here! Food and coffee were great. Generous portions. Friendly staff. The pancakes were amazing and I don't usually like pancakes that much. Only critic is the service could have been faster but it was a small place that was super busy on a Sunday so I understand; I wasn't in a rush. Seriously worth it for those pancakes!Great place to get a soup and salad. Everything tasted home made and didn't cost an arm and a leg. The service is great. Highly recommend!Absolutely loved it. It was a little out my way, but well worth the detour. The french toast were delicious, the grilled cheese was amazing. The pancakes on a neighboring table looked just perfect. Actually, all the dishes that came out of the kitchen looked worth tasting. The service was prompt and friendly; the ambience, charming. I totally intend to come back and fully recommend it to anyone who loves good food.Came in yesterday and ordered the 2/2/2 and some coffee. Their pancakes are gooey on the inside and crisp on the outside. Bacon was perfect and the two over easy eggs were cooked exactly how I like em! My friend ordered a special that came with an omelette and tots. They also got the short stack. The food was really good and the atmosphere was great, too. The staff and owners were really welcoming and I'm probably going to go back today.Very cute place with excellent French toast. Not an elaborate menu or fancy coffees but would definitely go again.Such a cute restaurant! A must stop if you're in the area. It's quite small with just two tops so be aware if you're with a larger party but the quaint diner worked perfect for us. The staff was nice and fast but the highlight of the whole experience was the food! Really they had amazing special, everything was top quality and delicious. The best pancakes and home fries we've had in a long time. It was yummy and so well priced. Two peoples meals, coffee and extras just came shy of $30 after everything was paid. 
Only downside is that we sat right by the door which hit us with 90+ degrees whenever the door opened so we were a bit hot but that's the trade off for cozy spaces. Still gets 5 stars in our book. 
Overall take away: you need to go here if you can!My boyfriend and I are always looking to try new places and we found this place on yelp. We stopped in on a weekday and it wasn't too crowded but the place is pretty small. We opted to sit at the counter. Our waitress was super friendly and provided good service. She was the only one there managing all the tables and the tables outdoors too and she was still attentive to us. 
We tried their special for the day. We ordered brisket and eggs and kielbasa omelette. The brisket was so tender! Definitely 5/5 and my boyfriend enjoyed his entree as well. 
If you guys are in South Philly, definitely check it out!The brunch was exceptional. I had the waffle with fresh fruit which was exceptional. I did not have to add syrup or butter. The flavors were exceptional.I was excited to see this place open up. My girlfriend and I came in for breakfast this morning. She had the waffles and I had a bowl of yogurt and granola. Service was certainly friendly. It was a bit slow but the place was also filled to capacity so no worries. My girlfriend said the waffles were good and filling with a nice fruit variety on top but it wasn't her favorite waffle in the world. My yogurt and granola was okay. I thought it was really expensive for what I got. I am glad we went though. It is a nice cozy place for a slow Saturday morning breakfast. I would come back and recommend a visit if you are in the area and need breakfast.We had a wonderful experience here! The food was good, portion size just right, and the human connection on point. We love to visit small, neighborhood spots where the food is good, and ambiance is just as good. Our server, Sara, was so real, so friendly, and thorough with our order. We will definitely be back!Minimalist menu and delicious to the last bite, this Wes Anderson-like cafe is by far our favorite in the neighborhood.Great addition to the neighborhood! Excellent coffee and consistent, no frills food. Have been for breakfast 5+ times and it's always great. Bright, well maintained setting with a friendly staff. I crave the tomato jam that they serve with their egg sandwich. They should bottle that stuff!Just tried the food and it is good. The staff a young friendly sweet couple are working hard to make it work. They will. Great comfort food and friendly service. I had the breakfsst sandwitch which was very tasty and the homefries. Yum !!!  Please support them and give it a try.We stopped by around 9:30am on a Saturday hoping we'd beat the morning rush, and we were happy to see that our timing was perfect. We arrived as 2 other tables were finishing up so the place was mostly empty (for a few minutes). From the inside, you'll notice a couple of very small tables fairly close together, a bunch of cute chatchkies on the walls and a very lovely homey feel. 
The menu has a bunch of breakfast and lunch options ranging from a simple eggs, potatoes and toast to fancy waffles, (pear and cheddar) pancakes, egg sandwiches, French toast, granola bowls and a bunch of sides. I went with 2 eggs over easy with a side of bacon & a side of grits. My choice also came with potatoes and bread. The wife got a cheesy egg sandwich which came with potatoes as well. 
When the food arrived, the first thing I noticed were the portions. Our plates were overflowing with all the savory goodness of a perfect breakfast. I also noticed that the potatoes were well done, which is something I always ask for but don't always get. This time I didn't even have to ask! They were perfect, and big! If you took all the potato pieces and put them together, each of us had about a whole large potato on our plates. 
So how was it you ask? Good. Really good. Better than expected actually. The toast was toasty, the grits were seasoned well and filling, the bacon was extra crispy and the eggs were, yup you guessed it...yellow and white..just the way you'd expect them to be. We definitely plan on heading back here in the future. Also, as we were headed out around 10:20, the place was packed! So unless you feel like waiting for a table, get here before 10!Tiny restaurant with delicious food and friendly service. The presentation of the food, especially the fruit, is so pretty. The scrambled eggs were so good and the pancakes were fluffy and tasty. Definitely recommend.Omg, 1st time here and I have to say it was awesome. One of the best breakfasts I have ever had. This place is a hidden gem.  Staff super friendly and the is very place clean.  I had the andouille omelette with homefried potatoes and multigrain toast.  The omelette was stuffed with sauteed veggies, carmelized onions and just right amount of gouda cheese.  If you are in the area , you should stop on by.Breakfast was delicious, service friendly and prompt. Parking out front. Worth a detour.Absolutely amazing breakfast! Cute little shop with great atmosphere. Love the idea that you can do a one to one to one breakfast which means an egg, a pancake and a breakfast meat. The service was friendly and accommodating. We will definitely be returning here. We did the breakfast sandwich which was good and very filling. Comes with potatoes cooked in onions - I can't have but the person dining with me said they were to die for. Thanks for the great breakfast!!!I absolutely love this place!! I have been here several times, and it is always a pleasant experience. The staff is really kind and accommodating, and makes you feel at home. The food is excellent and really well priced. I recommend the breakfast sandwich ($8) or the chicken and waffle ($14). Totally worth trying and coming back to again and again.This was our first time back since Management had changed over to Comfort & Floyd. We were instantly greeted at the door and were able to sit anywhere in the intimate setting. The 2-2-2 was perfect for someone simple like my Mom 2 Eggs- 2 Pancakes- 2 Meat. My wife and I both had the Omelette with Kielbasa and side of homefries and sausage. This absolutely hit the spot! Our Server (My apologies, I didn't catch his name) had a very humbling demeanor and was super attentive. The Coffee is also unlimited unlike other places who are now charging extra for refills. Thank you for a wonderful experience!Delicious and very laid back environment. Food exceeded expectations! Would 100% recommend the tuna melt and chicken sandwich- so delicious.My girlfriend and I absolutely love this place and we come here whenever we have the chance. They have the best ice coffee, the food is amazing, and the service and staff are wonderful. We love everything on the menu, especially the omelet,  kale salad and the homemade granola. Such a nice neighborhood spot.Chicken stew special was wintery herbed up and out if this world. The crew was opinionated and knows what's up. And the waffles had wild rice in them. Kale salad. This place is awesomeGreat first experience at Comfort & Floyd! Ambiance, menu choices, food quality and company all included!
Walked in on a Monday afternoon and sat at the bar. Struggling on whether to go with breakfast or lunch (Because it all looked so good) I went with the breakfast sandwich and my boyfriend got the 2-2-2 pancakes, eggs and bacon. Everything came out so quickly and prepared wonderfully! I ate almost every bite.
It's a small joint but they're doing it right. Sarah, the owner was sweet, accommodating and easy to talk to! From the condiments on the tables to the collection of antique style china and the book shelf filled with cook books-- Comfort and Floyd doesn't fail to make you feel like home. Thank you!!For those of us who missed Porto when it closed, this is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Comfort and Floyd had delicious food and wonderful service. I had the two eggs anyway, the potatoes were seasoned excellently, and we shared a short stack of pancakes which were out of this world
The owners, Sarah and Bruce, were present and welcoming, and I look forward to going back to see them again. Comfort and Floyd will take over where Porto left off as my go to brunch spot. Although, even better, Comfort and Floyd isn't as cluttered and not yet as crowded.My omelette was inedible. The waitress asked how we were doing. I said not great. She ignored the plate full of uneaten food and walked away. When she dropped our check, she still ignored that I hadn't eaten anything. Meanwhile, other customers next to us received great service and attention. Food terrible. Service bad.My very favorite place to go. As in the name it is a comfort. Yummy food, good coffee. Love their Ginger & Lemon Italian soda. So friendly. Just like sitting at your favorite aunties kitchen table. I might start going everyday!My boyfriend and I stopped by on a rainy sunday just before noon and were excited to get a table right away! Being big fans of the last establishment at this location, we were curious to check out what's happening here now and see what the hype is all about. 
First of all, we both agreed that we love the new atmosphere here! It's bright and sunny, and cozy and tight without feeling overly cramped. There's a nice breakfast bar available, as well as a few small tables. 
All of the food was delicious. The menu has plenty of vegetarian options, and stuff for people looking for breakfast and lunch alike. We both opted for breakfast - he got the egg sandwich and I ordered the 2/2/2, which is 2 eggs, 2 pancakes and 2 meats of choice (great for the indecisive!) Portions were generous, food was fresh, and we both wiped our plates clean! The coffee is from old city coffee company and is definitely above-par for what I'd expect at a typical brunch spot. 
The service was also friendly, prompt, and helpful with menu options. We both agreed that we will definitely be back again!Fantastic breakfast/brunch spot! Very small so expect a wait off peak but feels more open than the last restaurant in this space. Great coffee and service and the food was fantastic! I had the breakfasty veggie burger with housemate tomato compote, cheddar, and a fried egg - delicious! Side kale salad with pickled veggies & sunflower seeds was very good and am appreciated alt to home fries. And tried my first Philly muffin! After 11 years here, still discovering new Philly jawns. My friends devoured their "2-2-2" (pancakes, eggs & bacon). Classics done well with their own signature.So I think maybe we ordered the wrong things? Everyone else's food looked great but we were not especially pleased with our choices. My partner got the 2/2/2. Not a bad deal for $10 but also nothing special. Also the bacon was waaaaay over done. Looked and tasted like cardboard. The pancakes we're good though. I got the chicken & waffle special. Waffle was fine but the chicken was not the bone-in skin-on fried chicken you would expect but a boneless skinless chicken breast with breading that came right off. It tasted ok but just not what you expect from "chicken & waffles". Also, it came with a honey siracha sauce that was pretty tasty but it was poured all over the entire dish, basically soaking the waffle right through. It was too much. Sauce should have came out on the said so the diner could choose how much to pour on. 
Otherwise, everything was good. Cute little place. Friendly staff.Love this neighborhood breakfast spot! We were sad when this spot was empty and thank goodness comfort and Floyd opened up. They're so friendly, great service and great food. I also think they have great coffee!Comfort & Floyd has a solid core menu of breakfast and lunch favorites (the kielbasa omelette is great). The specials make it so there's almost always something you'll want to get, no matter how many times you've been. The space isn't that big, so there's often a bit of a wait on weekends. It's totally worth it, though.A fantastic breakfast, brunch, lunch spot. I have dined here over a dozen times and never had a single complaint. The owners are super attentive and the level of service is A+++. I can eat the crispy potatoes all day long.  I have two kids and they love going to comfort and Floyd.  If u have not been u are missing out.This is a great little spot that serves awesome breakfast and lunch items. The prices were fair and the service very friendly.  If you are in the area please come and support this place!Incredibly popular joint and as a result, very busy. We were seated fairly quickly, and got outdoor seating. The servers were patient, even with me as I rudely took a phone call (my five-year-old needed to tell me about her new school backpack), and I was grateful for that. It wasn't the speediest service, so it didn't feel like a problem to return the favor.
The food was standard brunch fair though. Nothing out of the ordinary. Potatoes were browned, but not crispy (prepared ahead of time, I think, so the crust may have softened). The eggs in my kielbasa omelette were underseasoned (it's possible I like saltier eggs though), but the the creme fraiche, the smokey meat, and the sauerkraut balanced the dish. Egg heavy though, my guess is four or five (?) eggs in the robust omelette. Super-filling to be sure. But within the standard fare of that particular neighborhood.I pass this area quite often and never realized this place was here. It is at the corner of 11th and Wharton; interior is compact with five 2 top tables, and about 8ish counter seats. When my daughter and I walked in around lunchtime there was one customer at the counter (seemed like the owner's friend because they were catching up). We were nicely told to choose any seat we wanted. More customers followed after, and a couple sat right next to us. The space is very tight so it was like sitting at the same table. It was a bit awkward because I didn't want to eavesdrop their conversations, and I in turn did not want to freely talk. I felt they were feeling a bit uncomfortable also. 
Aside from the tight space, the service was nice, and the food was really good. I ordered their veggie omelette; really nicely roasted veggies (different cauliflowers, peppers, broccoli, mushroom, tomato, and etc). Loved their homemade fries too! These home fries were perfectly pan fried with rosemary! My daughter ordered kielbasa omelette and enjoyed it too. I would come back to eat their veggie omelette again!Awesome!! Just go! Now! Seriously, the food was great! We feared a wait as it seemed crowded when I walked my dog by earlier. But when we arrived we were able to get seated immediately at the beautiful counter, which was fine by us. 
The place felt homey with friendly decor and the owners and other people working there could not possibly have been nicer. It was a mix of neighborhood people and others from around the city wandering down to try the new place in Passyunk Square. 
My friend loves dessert first so we started with a piece of shoofly pie which was yummy. I'm not a coffee drinker but my fiend said their coffee was terrific. 
We were torn between breakfast and lunch so we had some of each: a burger, a tuna melt sandwich and the House French toast. 
I loved the tuna melt and the thin sliced green apples were a wonderful touch. My friend liked it but thought they were a bit heavy handed with the mayo. 
We both Raved about the oh-so-good burger!! It was a perfect medium rare and sooo juicy and delicious. It had an onion jam on it which was a very tasty touch!  I would rate it as one of the better burgers I've had in the city - which was completely unexpected and a welcome surprise. 
And now, about that French toast... OMG!! So good!!! The kind of dish I will wake up craving in the middle of the night, it was THAT good! A bite with the battered toast, some of the granola, a slice of strawberry and covered with syrup was absolute perfection!  I'd throw a couple more strawberries on but otherwise wouldn't change a thing.  
Convenience, lovely people, great reasonably priced food - what's not to like!?  Very much looking forward to my next visit!!This is your quintessential neighborhood joint with great food and even better service. My boyfriend and I came for brunch on a Saturday morning and were seated right away in the intimate, quaint space that is Comfort & Floyd. We both ordered omelettes with a short stack on the side, and there were no leftovers. The waitress was super sweet and kept coming around to make sure our coffee cups were filled and that we had everything we needed. We came for the first time and left feeling like family. Really special place with great food at affordable prices and no hype or hoopla.We have only gone during the week for the bargain breakfast (delicious homefries, eggs, and toast+homemade jam for $5.00) but so far, so good. A quiet little restaurant where you can tell the owner, Bruce I believe, truly cares about the food he's putting in front of you and if you are enjoying your time there. We will be back.Picture does not do justice. Very healthy choices on the menu and so tasty. I chose tofu scramble and I couldn't be happier. Simply the sour dough toast itself was excellent, kale salad tastes so good too, and home fries was superb and I usually don't like to eat potatoes. This place is a must try!Soo happy we came here! The food was unbelievably deliciousssss! Best blueberry pancakes i have ever had!!  The breakfast burger w/ home fries hit the spot! Service was great.I was sad to see Porto gone, but decided to try out the new spot. It was awesome. The chef and his wife are the owners and she was just lovely. We (being the indecisive girls we are) could not decide on what we wanted and she asked if we would like her husband just to "whip up some kind of omelette".: it was the best omelette I've ever had. Cute little byob. Excellent service. Worth every penny :) go and enjoy!My girlfriend and I ate breakfast here after staying with a neighborhood AirBnB host.
All the food was great - the lemon french toast in particular.  The owners also deserve recognition for serving excellent plain coffee, when so many restaurants brew it weak or burned.
The dining area is small and filled up quickly while we ate, so plan to get there early if you can.  It's worth it!Great little spot to grab a quick bite to eat. Love the quaint atmosphere and quick service.A wonderful nook for breakfast and brunch.  I have been there a few times: the service is friendly, the pancakes are really tasty, the coffee could be better and the potatoes, while tasty, could use less garlic.  On the whole, a worthwhile experience.Food was great. Service wasn't. Walked in, waitress literally walked passed us not even greeting us or letting us know how long the wait is. There was an empty table...been waiting for about 5 mins so I just asked one of the guys behind the counter if we can take that empty table. So sat down and waited another 10 mins or so to asked for the menu. At this point, we were ready to leave but my boyfriend just wanted to stay since it was raining outside and we were already sitting down. Amazing food...not a very great first impression on staff. SadAlong with fair prices and a concise staff, the blue-collar comfort menu will endear Comfort & Floyd to the local South Philly neighborhoods.  As always, I highly recommend a toasted "Everything Philly Muffin" with whatever dish you order, sweet or savory.  In a city already full of popular and/or charming breakfast spots, this place fits in perfectly.Great breakfast. A bit on the expensive side but you can't complain with the top quality of the ingredients. I've eaten here in all its incarcerations. Three tables inside three outside and a counter. We sat at the counter. I met the owner. She waited on us. Super nice! It's still cute and parking is usually easy and free. I had the breakfast burger. It was great! Fresh brioche bun, crispy bacon, cheese, lettuce, perfect fried egg, and first rate burger! I forgot, homemade tomato jam. My buddy got bacon and eggs. The home fries were the best I've had in a while! This goes on the heavy rotation!We are so happy this place is here! It is a solid breakfast/lunch spot where you can get your basic dishes for a reasonable price. They have the best scrambled eggs in the city. I'm not sure what they do but they are literally the best. We have also tried the grilled cheese and tomato soup which was delicious. The breakfast veggie burger is also great. We have been here quite a few times since they opened and have never had a bad meal. The staff is also super friendly and accommodating. We love it here!Great breakfast spot. Cozy. Great, friendly staff. Fantastic food. Highly recommend. Will be back.Cute little spot for breakfast and lunch. I love their pancakes. We also recently bought their to go tomato soup and it was delicious! We will definitely be back for more!If I ever open a restaurant, it'll look like Comfort & Floyd. We've been here a couple of times now. Very small, intimate dining room, super cute decor, bottomless coffee, very friendly and professional service staff, and good, no-frills classic breakfast, lunch and brunch food. 
Delicious buttery pancakes, eggs done right, and even a few adevturous specials like chicken and waffles topped woth kale and sriracha make for a fun, enjoyable and affordable weekend brunch spot. Very small dining room, so either get there early or be ready to wait.Came in yesterday and ordered the 2/2/2 and some coffee. Their pancakes are gooey on the inside and crisp on the outside. Bacon was perfect and the two over easy eggs were cooked exactly how I like em! My friend ordered a special that came with an omelette and tots. They also got the short stack. The food was really good and the atmosphere was great, too. The staff and owners were really welcoming and I'm probably going to go back today!If you're complaint about waking all that way for this(?) 
A) Stop being a judgements a$$hole B) Eat here and enjoy it. 
The food may be simple upon first glance, but this is Philly, and these people make the most of their situation- and the result is a small quaint environment with delightful dishes. 
The coffee is very good, the additional jar of almond milk makes it 10x better. The cookie compliments the coffee perfectly. It's a an oatmeal, caramel, choco cookie all
Rolled into one. It's in one word - Perfect. 
We had a beet gazpacho- while the soup alone is worth the visit- the horseradish crema and the pickled stuffs on top is literally why you should go to Philly. 
The tomato soup was perfectly creamy, without weighing down the meal. Well balanced with a hint of brandy, to add a lil sumthin sumthin to your meal. My god is this soup tasty, but what makes it better is if you get the omelette with home fries and dip those home fries in the soup. 
Big thanks for accommodating the omelette to fit my vegetarian preference (btw!) 
So my partner and I also order the lentil berry. What we thought would be a small wrap, turned out to be AMAZING! The thing is huge. Presented on a plate is adorable, the addition of pickled cauliflower (OMG!- and I am not a cauliflower aficionado) adds a perfect kick and adds such a subtle yet perfect savory element. 
Now when holding this sandwich- it's a bit messy, and it's not so pretty - but those inhibitors fly out the door when you take a bite. 
Service is attentive, even with the disorientation that comes from being a new establishment. Servers are polite, friendly, and will help you out. 
Also shout out to that onion jam- I'd buy it in bulk :swoon: 
Can't wait to return. Thanks for a great meal. Happy 4th.Amazing gem of a breakfast/brunch spot in philly!! It's a really small space here but the food is packed with flavors. My friend got the veggie burger and I got the tofu/seitan "steak" sandwich. Def need to come back here as they both were AMAZING!!!
Portions are also huge for affordable prices!I was extremely craving brunch food and Comfort & Floyd popped up on places to check out.
The restaurant is in the heart of south Philly. I was expecting this place to be a little bigger but it looks more of a take out place because it's super tiny. 
I wanted to order the 2/2/2 (I believe that's what it's called) but they were out of tofu so I couldn't order that since I'm a vegetarian. I ended up ordering the French toast instead. The food took about 20 minutes for French toast but I guess it was worth the wait. I just wish they added bananas on top. Overall, very delicious and cheap food!
I hope this business flourishes !Great food & friendly service. My friend and I each had the French toast which was some of the best I've ever had. The home fries were perfectly cooked. The orange juice is fresh squeezed which always gets bonus point from me. I might try their breakfast sandwich next time because it looks huge. 
Welcome to the neighborhood!My favorite kind of restaurants are ones that feel like the owners took a house, ripped open the floor plan, and threw in an industrial kitchen. This place is so cute and full of charm. Since there's only a handful of tables and some bar seating, you have the same staff circling around making sure you're okay. The bottomless coffee from Old City Coffee is a dream for the caffeine-inclined, plus water is a standard no-questions-asked kind of deal...which should be the standard everywhere! 
I got the 2/2/2, which is the standard breakfast item with eggs, meat, and pancakes. All three were super well made and whatever syrup they have on house is freaking awesome. My boyfriend got the waffle, and that was an absolute masterpiece. Both clocking in at $10 is exactly what I expected out of such a cute place and I'm excited to go back already!Been here a few times, always just with one or two other people, and always had a great experience. It is a small, lovely, cozy space with friendly staff, good food and a pleasant atmosphere that feels intentionally curated as opposed to mismatchy. The kind of place you want to take a friend to catch up and know it'll be a nice time. 
Hope they stick around!Very cute place with good food. Looking forward to becoming a regular here on the weekends :)I'm always excited to try "new and hot" places but this one fell a little short for me. It's a small corner location with four small round tables outside, possibly 6 tables inside and bar seating as well, very cozy. I understand it's new and possibly they weren't expecting to be so busy for a Monday, but there was only one server and he was clearly overwhelmed. This required me (when I sat outside) to go inside for refills on my coffee and water as well as have to come inside for my check and, just to help out, bush my own dishes. 
I ordered two eggs over easy with the kale salad, potatoes and a hot coffee. The coffee was delicious, but the food was a little lacking. The potato's were very well done- hard to cut cripsy, the kale salad was overwhelmingly covered with the apple cider vinegarette and the eggs were just that, eggs. The serving sizes were impressive however! Go on a leisurely day and see what you think.This place is a SUPER cute little luncheonette in South Philly, with great food. They have seating for 20 people, inside and out, and their food is DELICIOUS!!!!! I recommend the egg cream, and also the grilled cheese with tomato soup. This place is assuredly a GO-TO for lunch if you are in or around this area.Had the lentil breakfast sandwich this morning and it was delicious. Huge wrap filled with vegetables and lentils, egg on top, with a great flavor and sauce. Everything I've had here has been so good! And the owners are sweethearts.5Egg Sandwich: Everything Muffin/Cheddar/Tomato Jam. Wasn't in the mood for any meat on my sandwich this morning but the everything muffin and tomato jam gave this simple egg and cheese sandwich taste delicious! 
5Banana Pecan Pancakes/ Buttermilk- Didn't even need syrup with these flavored buttermilk pancakes! REALLY good :-)
5Smoked Kielbasa Omelet: Sauerkraut/creme fraiche/chives/home fries & sourdough toast- First omelette with kielbasa and sauerkraut and did not disappoint! The eggs were fresh and fluffy and even though typically these ingredients are cooked with a lot of oily, this omelette was not greasy at all! Sourdough bread came out first and is not pictured but was really good. We asked for jam on the side and that was great too!
Overall 5 Highly recommend for weekday breakfast or weekend brunch! Luckily we got space at the counter and didn't have to wait as this place is pretty small with about 8 seats at the counter and 12 seats at the tables available.  The service was great and continuously filled out water and coffee!
Recommendation: Call ahead to see if there is a wait.Stopped in for lunch on a Monday afternoon.  The last time I had been in this building was 20 years ago.  At that time it was Carmen's, one of my favorite breakfast spots in the city.  Today's visit was quiet and cosy.  The owner was working solo in the front and took care of us.  The menu had the basic standards and also creative options.  I went with the lemon chess French toast and my wife had the lentil sandwich.  Both were excellent.  I don't often see lentils used in a sandwich but they did it right.  Came out tasty and the pickled-jalapeno crema was a nice addition.  Sandwiches are served with chips which we don't care for.  French fries should be the go-to but they don't offer them which is a bummer.  You're able to substitute home fries for an additional charge.  Not the same but better than chips.  Service was friendly and efficient.  Definitely worth a try and we'll be returning for sure!Truly one of the nicest breakfast experiences in Philadelphia. The staff is incredibly sweet and makes you feel like you're eating in their dining room. The food always tastes so fresh and homemade. We've also ordered some take-out options from them such as their tomato soup, which was fantastic.NommingNomad Approved!
It is a cute little spot that used to be Porto's which I loved. It's on the corner of 11th and Wharton and has outdoor and indoor seating and counter top seating. It's a great place for a small group and to just get some simple comforting food. 
I went here on a Saturday for brunch all by myself and was promptly seated at the counter. I made up my mind pretty soon because the menu was compact, which I appreciate. I ordered the French Toast which was made with brioche and came with strawberries, blueberries and homemade granola. It took a while but not too long. Then when I dug into it, it was delicious. My only suggestion would be to add something creamy like whipped cream or like make the berries a compote? because the dish would've been next level with that added texture. Though the french toast was not in anyway dry, I could've used something creamy to round out the experience. 
That being said. It was a good experience overall and I would definitely go back and try their other offerings.I just want to live a block from here and come here every week. The owners here are just amazing and work so hard! Also wanted to say their kielbasa omelette is super genius and I keep getting that maybe 3x in a row already lol. I got my mom to try today and she loved the kielbasa, but got a little concerned about the potatoes only because they're cooked a lot longer than to her liking (a bit charred or burnt, but doesn't taste burnt!! She is just worried because of cancer-related stuff). Chicken tinga was also amazing! And their pancakes, which I had a different time, but had to really mention because it's so good, light, and fluffy. I truly patronize them. We live further away now and it just makes me sad lol.Super cute breakfast spot. This place is very tiny but decorated to make you feel at home. The stafff was super friendly and the food was delicious. Would definitely come back. Pancakes, biscuit and waffles were delicious!For the price of everything, this place is great and cute spot of a simple brunch. Their menu is short and straight forward, occasionally they have special dish listed on the top of the menu. 
The first time I came here, I tried their special Chicken and Waffles ($14), which was delicious. Waffles were nice a crisp and the chicken was flavorful and had the perfect crisp as well. It's a boneless chicken, so that's something to keep in mind. Nonetheless, it was an overall good dish. 
My second time here, which was yesterday, I ordered the 2/2/2 - 2 eggs, 2 pancakes, and 2 meat. It was a simple dish and it was delicious. 
Overall, I would recommend this place for a chill outing. Seats are very limited so this place is not suited for big crowds (5+)