I don't think I've ever rated a restaurant this low and I go out of my way to find something nice to say even in places where things weren't so great.  But, I really can't think of anything redeeming about this restaurant.  We ended up here early-ish on Saturday evening.  We were seated quickly and that's about the best of it.  We were brought water in the world's tiniest glasses, with no ice.  It took our server forever to come get our drink order and even longer to bring my friend's beer.  I asked for ice and he brought a glass of ice and kind of slammed it on the table.  We put in our order (fried tomato BLT and a bowl of gumbo).  And then the wait began, never saw our waiter again.  Finally, the food arrived.  My friend sort of liked her gumbo but said it was way too spicy.  My BLT, on the other, was a hot mess.  The top slice of bread was fine but they bottom was burned to a cinder.  Literally.  They didn't put bacon on the sandwich.  The tomato was a slimy piece of goo.  Our waiter never came back to check on the order and finally the host at the door asked if everything was ok.  They took the sandwich back but all they did to "fix" it was put 1 and 1/2 slices of bacon on it.  Sorry, for a $12 sandwich, that was pretty unacceptable.  Didn't fix the burned toast or anything.  Eventually, they took it off the bill.  Our waiter was pretty much a ghost.  There were literally 3 other tables of people and a few other waitstaff so there's really no excuse.  Anyway, food was terrible, service was terrible and they weren't even particularly pleasant.  It's a cute place in a convenient neighborhood.  They should definitely aspire for more.I work in the Old City area and have passed this restaurant countless times without stopping in, but today I changed all that.  I had a lunch date and we just wanted to grad a quick bite, so I suggested this place and was glad I did.  I had the Sprimp Cajun Po' Boy and my date had the Turkey and Brie sandwich with side salads.  
The service was prompt and the food was well seasoned and the right portion size. We were so happy with our choices, we wanted to extend our lunch time and taste more menu items and cocktails, but we decided to return in the future to enjoy more items.
I recommend giving Common Wealth a try- great space, attentive servers and good food.Poor experience. Maybe because it's Friday before Memorial Day Weekend, but we did not have a waitress for 15-20 minutes. We finally ordered and waited another 30 minutes for a soup, sandwich, and burger. Mind you, the soup came 10 minutes after the sandwich and burger, so I guess it was gumbo for dessert day?  Sandwich was mediocre.  Friendly waitstaff but seemed to be pretty incompetent and they weren't even close to busy. Overall, the meal was not worth the $65 it cost.
I would not recommend for lunch/dinner. Maybe go for drinks before going somewhere else for your meal.Underwhelmed is probably the best word that sums up my experience. Me and my friends wanted to try a new brunch spot and we settled on this. First I was nervous because it wasn't busy but we soon figured out why. I ordered a mimosa. Naturally. It's brunch. However, I sent it back because it tasted like shit. The waiter was like ummmm IDK but it should be fine but didn't offer me anything else. I guess God didn't want me to drink. Anyways.... we finally ordered 'The Fixins' which was eggs, two meats and gravy and grits. Soooo I didn't want two meats and asked for fruit instead. Guess what?? They up charged me. Smh! Also, the fruit bowl was a tiny bowl of diced strawberries. I was so annoyed that I forgot to take a picture of that. WTF!!!! We waited for our food for 30 minutes and our waiter disappeared for the whole 30 minutes and guess what??? Our food was cold upon arrival. Sigh! My grits was iced cold. I don't know about u but I don't eat cold grits. To sum this up... there are to many good brunch places to take your chances on this place. Believe me!Unfamiliar with this restaurant, and Philly in general, I made a 7 PM dinner reservation through OpenTable a couple of weeks before my trip out there.  When my two friends and I arrived, however, I could see that that probably wasn't necessary.  There were certainly other people around, but it wasn't packed by any means.  
It's a pretty nice looking spot with a full bar, muted lighting, greenery on a patio area, and dark wood tables.  
Our server, Michael, seemed a bit harried that evening, but he was super attentive throughout dinner and very knowledgeable of the menu.  While they won't crack open bottled beers, they do offer samples of beer they have on tap.  I ended up ordering the Abita Purple Haze ($6) and was pleasantly surprised.  Still feeling a bit full from a late lunch at Zavino's, I opted for two small plates instead of a main dish:
pork belly w/ citrus salad, cider-hoisin glaze - 8
seared scallops w/ sweet corn hoecakes, collards, brandied apple-bacon cream sauce - 10
I've only ever really had pork belly at Korean BBQ joints so the cider-hoisin glaze, tart and slightly caramelized, was an interesting twist.  The citrus salad also helped to cut through the fat, adding some freshness to the dish.
The seared scallops were delightful, and I appreciate the Southern twist (collards, sweet corn hoecakes).  
My friends also seemed happy with the oyster mushroom ravioli ($14) and fried green tomato blt ($11), too.  
If you're looking for a spin on American dishes, and an extensive, but not overwhelming bar, this is your spot!Simply elegant ambience, you could put this whole place on Pinterest. Great lighting, noise level is perfect. Would be wonderful in the warmer weather with both the patio as well as sidewalk seating out front.
Waitstaff is excellent, attentive and knowledgeable. Well balanced cocktails (including awesome Bloody Mary bar, can spice and garnish to your own taste), great beer list (grapefruit sculpin from ballast point!), nice wine selection, overall affordable and delicious.
Creative, comforting entrees. I enjoyed every bite of my freshwater lobster eggs Benedict!
A place that pays attention to the details. I highly recommend it for lunch, dinner, or brunch!Try the fish fry, you know you want to.  The outdoor seating is a real plus. The fact that Common Wealth is across the street from a historical post office isn't their fault.I WAS SO EXCITED TO COME HERE. My top two brunch criteria are bloody marys and benedicts. This place had 3 benedicts on the menu and a bloody mary bar and I was so pumped.
The bloody mary was good- and there was bacon at the bloody mary bar. They were out of the crawfish benedict so I ordered the smoked salmon benedict- ten minutes after I ordered our server informed me that they didn't have this either. I ended up getting the country benedict and it wasn't good. It was cold and flavorless. The chicken was good quality but had no flavor at all. 
Others in our party mentioned that their food was also cold. I understand running out of ingredients for certain dishes but serving cold food is pretty inexcusable. I would come back for a drink and maybe try the food again- but I'm in no rush.
I did enjoy our server and he was apologetic about the lack of benedicts. No body was impressed with their food but we enjoyed each other's company, the atmosphere, and the beer menu- which includes Founder's Breakfast Stout.I spent years in Charleston SC and love low country cuisine so my wife had been saving Common Wealth for the next time we went downtown.  We checked out the menu and reviews ahead of time and went to go see for ourselves.
First Impression:  We called in the afternoon for reservations and had no problem getting our first choice of time which was strange.  The place does not look particularly "low country" but had a nice clean and appearance.  Nice bar with a large selection of Bourbons (as it should be), high top seating by the bar, table seating in back, and outside dining is an option.  Two TV's in the bar that I would personally not have.  Good beer selection but that night the drafts were not available.  Good bottle selection and some very hipster canned beer selection.  Signature cocktails looked nice and had a southern leaning despite not being real southern cocktails.  Neat lighting, the pickled veggies in the racks was a nice touch.  Place was kind of empty for 7:15 on a Saturday.
Service: Host sat us right away at our choice of table.  Waiter was knowledgable but not particularly attentive - especially strange since the place was not full.  Maybe he was giving us our space.  Food came quickly.  We were able to get refills on drinks easily.  At some point people started getting full pints of beer - I assume drafts since they were full pints and they were coming out of the taps...I would have liked to have known that the drafts were working and my beer selection had doubled.
Food:  I ordered the She Crab Soup and the Shellfish and Grits.  Loving low country cuisine there really was nothing else I was going to try on a first visit.  My wife got the watermelon salad and the seared scallop small plate.  She Crab Soup was not something that you would expect if you had lived in the low country.  It was good though.  More of a northern, metropolitan remake.  Fish roe is actually a nice addition (but I love it on all things seafoody) and the crab lumps were large.  The egg was a little different but I was happy with the soup - just don't expect a traditional She Crab.  My wife liked the watermelon salad but would not feel a need to order it again.  The scallops where cooked great and the hoecakes and micro greens were nice.  The showstopper was the Shrimp and Grits.  This is my favorite Charleston dish and this did not disappoint.  Plenty of shellfish, nice spicy gravy, and the grits were cooked to perfection.  I wanted to come back the next day for more.  If you come, someone in your party has to order this dish so you can at least get a taste.
Overall Impression:  Loved it but lonely.  I hope things get busier for them because the Shrimp and Grits are amazing.  Please go and get a taste of the low country.  Would have gained another star for a better watermelon salad, draft beer actually working, and improved service.  I will return.Brunch menu has enough to satisfy everyone's tastes. Coffee was good. And good ambience. Wasn't crazy slammed either on a Saturday which was a welcome break from the standard Philly brunch haunts.First time here and the food was phenomenal! As a party of 5 we ordered the chicken gumbo, shrimp and grits, the scallop, the oyster mushroom ravioli, the cheesesteak and the King of the night the Short Rib. I would highly recommend the short rib and the oyster mushroom ravioli. The gravy and sauces for all the dishes were great and just the right amount of spice. The gumbo was also a nice appetizer with the rice as a wonderful surprise.
The staff were very pleasant and made sure to accommodate all our dietary restrictions. The ambience of the restaurant was lovely and the soft music in the background was a nice touch. My only regret is that I didn't get the chance to try the whiskys on the shelf. 
A must try!Service was extremely slow. Food came out wrong and cold. Wait staff was very inattentive. After food came out wrong it took 20 minutes to bring out correct order.  Need to find other restaurant for brunch when coming to Philadelphia.Beer was good and cold( victory). 
We were looking forward to the seafood and grits. We were very disappointed!! We started out with warm glasses of water. Shrimp & Scallops were tasty but the grits were dry and lumpy. Sauce was tasty but sparse. 
It was very warm and muggy inside the restaurant. 
Oh well I was with great company!!While visiting Philly for the weekend I was searching for a fun brunch spot. I came across a few, and then I saw Common Wealth and the menu looked amazing and inside décor was super cute, so we decided to give it a try!
We were sat right away and a guy who I think was the owner/manager overheard us discussing a few beers on the menu that we had never heard of. He brought us over samples without us even asking and told us to let him know what we thought! So cool. 
We all ordered something different to eat and every single plate was basically licked clean. There was so much flavor packed into each bite and it tasted so fresh and was cooked perfectly. I will absolutely be returning, and highly suggest checking them out if you're in Old City.Went here the other night when a friend was in town.  The inside is really cute and the food was pretty good. I got the shrimp poboy which was tasty. We ordered sangria, which was VERY strong, overpowering really.  The service was super slow though, even though it wasn't even busy, earning it it's 3 stars.Stopped here for a beer and a bite. Pleasantly surprised- Good selection for each. New Chef Carver cooked a perfect tuna steak. All around great flavors and great service. Would definitely return!Friendly staff and great beer and whisky selection. It is decorated so cute inside, too. I didn't get food but everything that came out looked good.I'd love to tell you about the lunch we had today (a Wednesday) but, unfortunately even though we made a reservation through Open Table for 12:30 - and their website shows a lunch menu, they place was closed. I called tonight and was told "no, we won't do lunch again till Spring". So I'm posting this here in case anyone plans to go at LUNCH. Don't plan on it till next "Spring"Went here for brunch so that's what my review is on. Honestly the food was OUTSTANDING. The menu is not too big and while everything looked pretty good nothing really sounded amazing or really popped out to me ....but I couldn't have been more wrong, it was the best brunch meal I've had in a long time and we had a large table and I tried everyone's food and it was the same. Also the plates are big and only around 10$ each which leaves you full and happy. I had pork belly hash and it was so delicious!! I think their grits are the standout item here..best I've ever had! Wish I lived in philly so I could come back and try dinner here!Good drink list, and the shrimp and grits were awesome. We had a wonderful server. We asked about live music nearby and she made sure to write up a list for us and who was performing that night!Mixed reviews for this place. My husband and I were in Charleston last year so we went in to try some low country food in Philly! We had a few small plates, the shellfish & grits and ckn gumbo soup.  All were pretty tasty! They had a nice happy hour too. So we sat at the bar... the bartender, a gal named Tanisha.... terrible.  Did not smile one time. Ignored our request for water/ order food a few times. Did you know looking our way while she is standing at the register means she's ready to take our order? We didn't either. Maybe having a bad day? Idk. But in the end, Wade the manager, was very nice. A soft-spoken fella with many tips for our next trip to SC. Not sure if we will return.This was an excellent place to grab some lunch. My boyfriend and I had the mussels which were okay. We've had better but they were still good. My boyfriend had the burger and he loved it. It was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious. I had the Turkey and Brie sandwich which I found to be exquisite. Our waitress was very nice and helpful. Drinks were good as well.Delicious! We popped in for a drink to escape the heat for a hot second so I didn't get the full menu experience but the food served around us looked amazing -- and the staff served us sweetly and with as much attention as if we were ordering the full menu, which is commendable. Great, sweet servers and delicious cocktails.Amazing food and awesome service. I had the low country burger which could possible be the best burger I've ever hadCelebrated a birthday brunch with friends. Food was good. Service was great. We were seated on the outside deck so the vibe was nice. I would definitely go back.What a difference a restaurant takeover makes! I remember when this place used to be Four Fathers and Gigi's before that--dark interiors with subpar food. I can now officially say I am happy to see Common Wealth as the restaurant to take on this great Old City location. First off, big shout out to the bartender/waiter here, Wade. He's always been great with the service, friendly, and easy to talk-to! He even gave us a voucher for a free cocktail next time we come in since we live in the neighborhood. They have a great draft menu list and prices in general here are affordable, think under $20. Food here is delicious-- their fried green tomatoes sandwich and their fries are crispy and flavorful! Sometimes they have a whole bowl of mussels for $5 in a white sauce. Keep an eye out for happy hour and special Thursday deals, a great bargain. In terms of ambience, I like how simple this place is decorated. It's airy, light, low key and doesn't try too hard. Great outdoor space as well.My husband, daughter and myself had 12.30 reservations for brunch on June 10th. It was our first time dining here and definitely our last While our server was very nice, it took longer than 15 minutes to get our drinks. The cocktails were fine. The food was horrible. We ordered a turkey and brie sandwich that was served on a stale role, slathered in mustard that overpowered the turkey. One tiny wilted piece of lettuce was placed on the roll. The fries were soggy and gross. To top it off, there was a shirtless male patron being served at the bar (with patients on his nipples)...since when is shirtless ok???The service here is outstanding. My family and I came for restaurant week. The fried green tomatoes were ok. Hush puppies weren't that good. She crab soup was amazing! Short rib was delicious and tender! Mushroom ravioli was delicious as well I think that was one of my favorite dishes. At the end we had beignets with cinnamon sugar and they were delightful! I would definitely come back here, the ambiance and decor is wonderful.Wow, great food, atmosphere and service!! Jenn is attentive and pleasant. Appetizers were delicious. I had the she-crab soup. It was the best I've ever tasted. My son had the oysters and we ordered fried green tomatoes. The portobello mushroom burger was also fantastic. Everything was delicious. One of the best meals I've had in the city.The food here was excellent for what was available. My company was excellent. The hostess was excellent. The waitress just couldn't get it together. My friend and I had decided on Common Wealth Old City as I was visiting from Louisville, KY on our annual girls weekend. We had made a reservation for 7pm on a Friday and were looking forward to what looked like a great menu and experience. We arrived about ten minutes early and the hostess was happy to seat us then. The hostess explained we could probably get one drink in for the happy hour that runs from 4-7pm. Our waitress arrived and didn't even know they had a happy hour, the length/time of the happy hour and what was included. She concluded that no wine was on the happy hour list so we went with the main list. We of course asked some questions and the answer consistently was "That's the one I have no idea about... I can go check." This led to a dinner of adventure for my friend and I as we both weren't particularly in the mood for the back and forth all evening. I settled on a red wine I hadn't heard of (don't recall the name) and friend went with a Chardonnay (also don't recall the name). We decided on an appetizer of the scallops. Wow, they were tasty! Served on top of a corncake. This comes with three so difficult to share between two people, but we made it work. My friend attempted ordering two items on the menu for an entrée and both were no longer available that evening. That's a damn shame for a restaurant at 7pm on a Friday. You have a long night ahead.... I ended up going with the cheese plate at that point because it was almost embarrassing. I enjoyed the cheese plate, but never got a breakdown from the waitress on what each were. My friend ended up ordering Oysters off the appetizer menu as well. We did have a few glasses of wine and we enjoyed our conversation. Water was scarce and the hostess kept getting the pitcher and refilling for us as we were close to her stand. Sadly, we didn't get a chance to truly enjoy the food or service this restaurant could be able to provide.Now I want to preface this review by stating that I've eaten at common wealth multiple times and loved it - there have been minor hiccups, but ones that could be overlooked (like one poor server for the whole place one night we were there), but Easter Brunch was a disappointment.
We made reservations for 10:30 because we had decided not to travel to family for the holiday and when we saw one of our favorite places was having an easter brunch, we decided to make reservations with our friends.  We've raved to them about common wealth, but the easter brunch didn't wow them like we were hoping it was going to.
The website menu boasted cornbread waffles, fresh fruit, a champagne cocktail, bloody mary bar, apple cider pancakes, shrimp and grits, parfait, biscuits and gravy, eggs benedict... all of these things never made it to the table.  
Everyone seemed frantic setting up so we sat outside and waited for the door to open.  It finally opened at 11:10 and we went in for a table.  We were brought out plates - no mention of the specialty cocktail, so we just got mimosas and paid extra hoping for a great brunch.  We basically paid $25 for a standard hotel continental breakfast.  The ONLY things that were out were scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, bagels with cream cheese, some sort of french toast bake and a omelette bar.  We asked about fresh fruit and were told the truck never came with their fruit delivery so their wouldn't be any. We asked about the waffles and our waitress came back and said there would be no waffles, we asked about apple cider pancakes and she said the same, but that there were plain pancakes put out...
for $25 a plate, it was SUCH a disappointment for a place we love.  It was not worth it and it will be very hard to come back.  It makes us feel like idiots for raving about it to our friends.Came in at late brunch time on a Wednesday. Had a great glass of wine, super fresh chincoteague oysters, and the mushroom burger. Everything came out prepared simply and deliciously. My boyfriend's shrimp po boy looked awesome as well. Great flavors and ingredients! I'll definitely be back for the Wine Wednesday happy hour!Excellent lunch there today. My wife had the fried green tomato BLT and I had the low country burger. Both were delicious, and the ingredients seemed very fresh and clean. Looking forward to heading back for breakfast soon.Totally unexpected culinary experience. Braised short rib with hominy stew and poblano cheddar grits. Trust me... this one is to die for!!The service was on point and the food was delicious. She-crab soup with flying fish roe--it was creamy with a subtle crunch from the roe, a wonderful medley of textures. The shellfish and grits had a bit of a kick but not too spicy. The grits were luxuriously cheesy and the scallops were done perfectly, each one a foodgasm. The crème brûlée was an excellent example of the form. Add this a chill atmosphere with lots of beautiful people and it's now on my shortlist for dinner when I go to see a movie at the Ritz.We have been there twice and had a great experience both times. Staff is super friendly, atmosphere is great, plenty of drink options and the food is soooooooo good. We've had the hummus, the short rib, the scallops, shellfish and grits and the skate and the watermelon salad. DEFINITELY recommend!!!Great customer service , nice place ! Unfortunately food wasn't that good, our prime rib was cold like it came out of the fridge. I liked the place but food was mmhhh !Stopped here with a large group with no reservation. They were able to accommodate us with no problem, which I was bit apprehensive for a Friday night.
Our server was very friendly and brought over sample beers to try before we ordered. The beer selection was very good, but some in our group thought the mixed drinks were a bit weak.
Although the menu is not extensive, we ordered a variety of food and everyone was pleased with their order.I love the murals here.  One of the staff (?or maybe the manager?) saw me snapping a picture and came over to explain that the murals are designed to portray Rainbow Row, a series of colorful historic houses in Charleston, SC.  I love that the huge window at the front of the restaurant can be opened up so that one has the benefit of enjoying the breeze and sunshine without being directly outside.  They also have a sidewalk seating area and a small deck area with tables.
Unfortunately, I wasn't quite as satisfied with the service and my food.  I got the country-style benedict.  The menu didn't explain that the chicken would be served on a biscuit (rather than English muffin) so I thought the biscuit would be a separate side.  I tried to clarify that with the waiter but it was very hard to get his attention.  I finally asked the host to help us get him but there was still a delay so I finally just started eating.  The dish itself looked appetizing, however, the biscuit was hard and the chicken was dry.  It was nice that the dish came with potatoes but the menu also hadn't mentioned that b/c if it had, I would probably have asked to substitute for something else like greens.  I also had to ask the waiter twice to refill my water glass.  
I would give 3.5 stars if I could.  I'd be willing to go back b/c the menu items do catch my eye but if all my attention has to go towards flagging down the waiter to inquire about my dish or to get my water refilled, then I might be better served going elsewhere.What's the best thing about going to New Orleans? Anne Rice's house is cool and so is the French Quarter and who doesn't love the cemeteries? But no, it's the food! The entire time we were there I did not have not one single meal that wasn't fabulous. The shrimp and grits and the fried green tomatoes and of course the oysters. Everything.
 Before I talk about the 2 star rating,  I really want to commend the bar, which made amazing cocktails, and the service which was simply awesome. And since our table was directly next to a very loud speaker on the wall, I asked for our party of 6 to be moved. These guys simply turned that speaker off. Nice.
We ordered fried green tomatoes which were battered as opposed to the traditional corn meal fried. My gripe? The slices should be thick cut so you get that nice sweet sour green tomato taste to go along with the 2 tablespoons of remoulade instead of the teaspoon that we got.
My daughter and I both ordered (what I just couldn't wait for) shrimp and grits. I thought it was just me but then I saw my daughter quietly place her folded napkin over her picked at plate as I had done seconds before. I felt so bad for our server when he asked if he could box it up and I said no. 
If I could be so bold, I would suggest that the chef switch out the boring and bland cheddar for Parmesan, butter and cream. You'd have people licking their plates clean and or having the servers package up the remaining tablespoons to take home because leaving them would be a crime.
Before I end this review I have to talk about the pan seared red snapper that one of our party ordered. While the buerre blanc was wonderful, never in my life have I tasted snapper, you know that wonderful soft and flaky sweet snapper, taste like shoe leather. Steak, yes. Red snapper, no! Even the most novice cook can make this fish delicious. They didn't.Zero stars if I could. I had a horrible experience a few months back and was told I would be mailed a gift card twice, which I never received. Do better management and honestly the food wasn't even that great.Great cocktails. Delicious twists on souls food. Warm, cozy, seasonal. Great service. Understated and unpretentious. Get the fried green tomatoes, poblano cheddar grits, and the oyster mushroom ravioli. The ricotta donut holes and sweet tea creme brûlée were spectacular.COCKIEST RESTAURANT EVER! We arrived to see a bunch of people sitting outside on a beautiful Sunday early afternoon. We walked into a half empty restaurant and we were told it would be 10 minute wait because the kitchen was "backed up". Once seated, we ordered the "make your own bloody mary's"(bleh) and a mimosa (best thing we had). We then found out that 3 of the things we wanted were already off the menu... We ended up settling on the Croque Mamade (safe bet - we thought) and the "Fried Green Tomatoes BLT". The Croque came out with a thick, tasteless, COLD layer of plain roux. The BLT was respectable, however it came with a salad that was just wilted garnish.
Grade Review: C- 
1-10 scale: 6.1
NFL quarterback equiv: Rex GrossmanService was very spotty. We sat outside and it seemed we were lost on an island from the indoor tables. It wasn't too busy so I'm not sure what was going on. Wouldn't come back. 
Food wise it was ok, nothing spectacular.Totally unexpected culinary experience. Braised short rib with hominy stew and poblano cheddar grits. Trust me... this one is to die for!!
6/14/16 - Another fabulous meal at Common Wealth!  I've eaten at every restaurant on this end of Market Street and none of them (Fork included) can hold a candle to Common Wealth.We always see how busy it is in the summer months so decided to give it a try. This is probably because the outdoor patio area is cute and there are of course brunch cocktails...Mimosas etc. However, this is probably one of the worst breakfasts we've had so far in Philly and we've been to A Lot of places for brunch! 
First off - the Menu is pretty sparse. I did not order coffee because they have no non-dairy milk or creamer options. My partner ordered coffee and the bottom of the cup was covered with course grinds.
I ordered the Florentine omelette (egg white) and my omelette was browned and pretty greasy. My toast had a burnt hole in it and came with about a half of a half of a teaspoon of butter on the side. Maybe they were running low on butter? Also, there was no salt or pepper on the tables.
My partner ordered simple eggs over-easy and asked for no grits with rye toast. His eggs were fried completely brown and looked gross. He didn't get his toast and did receive grits we asked to hold. We did however get some pancakes that we didn't order - not sure why? These were about the only thing edible and they were just plain old pancakes.
Would not return.One star solely for the service. Our server was Matthew and he was clueless. Had no idea what the happy hour specials were, no idea what came on the cheese plate. He brought our happy hour drinks AFTER happy hour which resulted in us being charged an extra $1.50 per drink. These drinks also had no alcohol in them. He forgot to put in the order for our fries and still charged us for them even though they came out 20 min later. I also overheard other tables complaining of the same sorts of issues. I had high hopes for the place because the outdoor porch is so cute. Oh, and don't order the cheese plate. It came with a "baguette" which tasted like a loaf of previously frozen stale bread.went here for dinner around 7pm on saturday night & the service was fast + food was delicious! wasn't too busy but we had a reservation; it's not too big inside so i would recommend making a reservation regardless!Well where do I begin  Ordered. The  smoked  turkey brie sandwich  I was In utter ahh.never tasted anything like it. Was slathered  with guldans mustard. Oozing from the sides  so I opened  the sandwich  up and  there it was a little piece of tired lettuce one piece  of packaged turkey and something that looked like grape jelly.  And on the other side of the plate soggy fries.I have eaten here several times. The food is good here but the chefs are extremely heavy handed with the salt. My most recent visit I asked for a low sodium meal and the waiter informed me that it wasn't possible. Needless to say I haven't been back since.Quite possibly the worst dining experience I've ever had! Chicken and waffle sliders and the chicken was so overdone it was chicken jerky. Coffee was so weak the potatoes beat the daylights out of it.....
Sent the food back!!The food was very good when we visited this place tonight! I got the fried green tomato sandwich and my boyfriend got the burger, both of which were very tasty (and the fries were amazing!). On the downside, and why this review is lower, the service was TERRIBLE. Our meal took 2 hours. 2 hours! I know we weren't the only ones who had this same experience as we witnessed 2 other couples leave before getting their food and complain about the wait. If they can get service in order, I think this place is promising!Went to dinner here and sat outside on the patio. It's beautiful out there! I ordered the beef short rib and the meat was way overdone. I probably won't be going back here for more than drinks.Very cute restaurant, especially the outside patio area with the (plastic) clover-lined walls and hanging lights. The menu has a great selection for good prices, but unfortunately, the food left quite a bit to be desired. 
We came here for brunch and ordered the Chicken and Waffle Sliders, Country-style Benedict, and All the Fixins... the food wasn't even warm when it came out, the potatoes were not seasoned well and looked soggy, and the fried chicken in the Chicken and Waffles and Country-style Benedict was very, very dry. The poached egg on the country-style benedict was actually more of a soft-boiled egg. It's unfortunate that the food was so sub-par because the menu itself looked delicious, and the restaurant had a great ambience.Four plus actually! We had last minute concert tix and needed a quick meal and this place was perfect ! Tastefully designed , with Old Philly influences but clearly some modern, southern charm ! Our service was fantastic... Attentive, pleasant but not too much . Cocktails were yum! And we started with a Watermelon salad with a heated pepper vinaigrette and delicious fried green tomatoes with a rich pimiento sauce along with the real treat ... Pickled shrimp cocktail! The meal ended perfectly with one of the most memorable meals we've had in ages.. Shellfish and Grits! Perfectly done shrimp and scallops on a rich, spicy , complex plate of creamy , whipped grits! I would actually drive into the city just for thus dish it was that special! Makes me yearn for South Carolina and southern cooking! Thank you Common Wealth ... We will spread the word and be back for sure!Very good food and nice service but too noisy, they should separate better the bar area from the dining tablesWent there and the service was great, but most importantly so was the food!  The drinks were great and everything we ordered was delicious. I can't believe this place isn't already super popular.  Even the drinks were a bit with us. I definitely would return and recommend to others.Went here for brunch for a friend's birthday! Had the Chicken and Waffles, the Cajun Shrimp Po Boy, French Toast and the Country style Benedict. I like how the benedict was different by using gravy. The syrup was not as sweet as normal syrup so I wish it was sweeter personally. The cajun shrimp po boy was good with the chips! They have a nice outside area to eat and take pictures!The food was amazing. I stopped by here with a friend last night, and we decided that we were just going to start with small plates and order more if we were still hungry. We split the fried green tomatoes and the gumbo of the day, which happened to be crawfish. I'm not really a fish person...but this gumbo was beyond anything I've ever had. Amazing. Salty and smokey and a little bit spicy, even on a boiling hot night it was perfect. The fried green tomatoes were also REALLY GOOD. After the small plates we were so full that we didn't order anything else.
My only complaint would  be that the service was slow, but they are a new restaurant and probably still trying to get on their feet, so I still gave them 5 stars. I live in the neighborhood and will definitely be back to try more things on the menu. Oh, and the two dishes and my friends beer produced a bill of $20. So yeah, you really can't beat that. You'd probably spend more at Franklin Fountain....Went to commonwealth knowing that they were somewhat new to the neighborhood. We were immediately greeted with a warm welcome and seated at a good table with a view of the tvs. The service was very good and speedy, and they accommodated our party's dietary restrictions exceptionally. The food was prepared very well and portions were definitely on par with the price. Overall a nice place to enjoy a good meal with friends and expect great service!Cute!!! Came here by chance after every other restaurant was packed on the street. Had the cheesesteak which was good! Nice staff, great service and cute environment. Loved our waitress Alexis #TempleMade will be back!We planned on going to dinner across the street, but there was a wait so we decided to try this place.    There was a lot of seating available. So glad we did! Meal was amazing. Two of us shared the scallop and porkbelly small plate and go the pork chop dinner. My mom had an amazing Moscow mule and I had a beer I really enjoyed.
Perfect dinner - highly recommend checking it outSo inviting but that's it! 
My girlfriend and I went for brunch on Sunday and the place was not at all busy so we took advantage of the available outside seating. After sitting there for what seemed an eternity and no one attending to our table we asked the hostess for water and if she could send someone over.  Finally, we were served "water" after another wait and watching food pass us back and forth, we were finally attended to, so we thought, OK, they kitchen must be backed up - fast forward, our food comes BUT we're still waiting for silverware whilst our food is getting cold. I'm just saying, there service is AWFUL!!! the hostess was a cranky _ _ _ _ _ ! I will never go there or recommend it to anyone I like, there are so many great places to eat in Philly that poor service is not a standard we have to contend with.Ok, so I have been dying to check out this restaurant and what better incentive, than Center City Restaurant Week. From the time I arrived at the restaurant my wonderful experience began...our server was super fabulous and gave some of the best suggestions from food to drinks, and I was not disappointed. 1st course....scallops topped with apple bacon crumbles, 2nd course....watermelon and cucumber salad, 3rd course....shellfish grits, and OMG! Can I tell you this dish was beyond delicious and as much as I tried to use portion control restraint, I failed, I wanted to lick the bottom of bowl.....the final course was fried donut holes sprinkled with sugar and cinnamon. I will definitely be returning, the brunch menu looks amazing!!!Service is indifferent and slow...very slow.  I had the donuts and they were very cold and late.. many other people were also complaining about their meals.  Probably avoid.They were not yet open on Mondays when I sent them a facebook message. I needed a place to hold my girlfriend's surprise 30th and this seemed like the perfect place. On a long shot, I contacted them to see if they would be willing to make an exception for a large(ish) party and to my grateful surprise they did. The decor is great, the food was fantastic, and I couldn't say better things about the people and the service. Everyone in the party enjoyed themselves and the dinner went smoothly thanks to the people of Common Wealth.This place is amazing! Service is friendly, food is phenomenal!! We became regulars here because of their brunch menu. I ordered the shrimp and grits with a mimosa and my husband had the chicken and waffle ax They were so accommodating when my husband asked for blue cheese olives and they didn't have it (they made it especially for him though). There's outdoor seating, so that's what we usually do and bring our dog, which they always welcome with a bowl of ice cold water. This place is a definite must try for locals and tourists.Really disappointed. Tried to go here for lunch. There was only one other party of 4 and it was just 2 of us. We ordered beefier them, sandwich and soup. Ordered at 11:40 and at 11:58 they said a few more minutes. The other party got their food. 12:15 we left.My husband and I ate at Common Wealth tonight. For a Friday night, it wasn't too busy. The place was smaller then I imagined, but the decor was fitting. It was rustic and felt very homey. They had a couple of tables outside, but we decided to dine in since it was about 90+ degrees outside. When we first got to the restaurant, the hostess wasn't there to greet us and had to wait a couple of minutes before we were seated by one of the waitresses walking by. Once we were seated, a couple minutes after, the hostess came by and apologized for not being there when we first arrived, which I thought was nice. Our server was friendly and gave us decent recommendations on the dishes.
Ok so on to the food... for the appetizer we ordered the oysters on a half shell and the soup of the day, which was a seafood boil. The oysters were pretty good. They were served with a vinaigrette kind of sauce, which added a nice tag. The soup was amazing. It came with nice chunks of crab. They gave us complimentary corn bread, which was literally the BEST corn bread I've ever had. It had like a honey butter glaze and was super moist. For entrees, we went with the shellfish grits with seafood etouffee and country fried pork. Both were good, but I wasn't overwhelmed. I felt the grits could have been hotter. The country fried steak was fried nicely, but they served the pan gravy on the side. I would have appreciated the gravy already smothered on the fried pork, so that it soaked into the breading like what I'm used to with country fried steak. 
The food came out at a nice pace, which was great since I saw a couple negative reviews about slow service. I would have given them 4 stars until I realized the price of the entrees. I eat out a lot, so I'm not afraid to pay for great food. But I don't feel the entrees were worth what we paid especially considering the portion sizes. Overall, I would go back again.Really enjoyed the friendly atmosphere and kindly folk behind the bar.  Easy breezy!  Don't hesitate to stop by when you're tired of walking the old towns streets of Philly!  They've got "just what the doctor ordered".This was hands down the worst experience at a restaurant I've ever had.
The place across the street was busy so we popped in here for lunch on a beautiful Thursday afternoon. It wasn't busy the menu looked good--can't comment on the food though because we never received it.
We ordered two drinks and two meals and after 45 minutes waiting for a SALAD and a sandwich we asked the waiter to check on our food. The two tables behind us got our food before us and came after us. The waiter says someone "stole" our food out of the window and to repeat our order for him and he'll get it out "in a matter of minutes"
I'm in the industry so I understand-- he forgot to put it in. So we accepted his apology and waited once again. Another 30 minutes went by!!! We were so upset and hangry we left and they graciously comped our drinks. We waited an hour and a half.. never got out food or was checked on by a manager.
Absolutely absurd!I am really, really happy my friend and I chose this restaurant on a whim while walking down Market Street. I definitely plan on going again. The decor/atmosphere is fantastic - very classy without feeling stuffy, with lots of little details everywhere that make it seem both like your home and the dream version of your home at the same time. The service was great; it was my birthday and the waiter lit a candle for me in the creme brulee and everyone was prompt, polite, and efficient. The food was just wonderful. Stand-outs to me were the shrimp and grits (I haven't had grits this good anywhere north of the Mason Dixon line). Their gin mules are almost unbelievably refreshing - they will make you re-think every good gin drink you think you've had. They did everything I've had before - but better. (Note that this is a very small place, so it's not ideal for big groups or lots of kids...probably best to make a reservation or go on an off time.)
Later on that day, our waiter got off work and we ran into him on the street and he wished me a happy birthday again. So the staff seem like they are really on top of it.Terrible service. Took awhile for server to come over and get our order. Ordered everything at the same time. Did not see server until we finished eating 20 minutes after and had to go inside and ask the bartender to help us get the check. Then it took another 15 minutes to get the check back after we paid. Terrible. 0 stars really because the food was terrible as well, asked for ketchup with for my breakfast potatoes, never got it nor got a visit back to the table. Will recommend no one here, avoid if you can. Too many other great options in a few block span to waist your money at.Cocktails? Excellent! Food? Delicious! Customer Service? Non-existent! My evening began with arriving at 6:30, our scheduled reservation, and we were greeted by the host that stated: "so... somehow, we got overbooked and I don't have any tables available, but you can check out the bar and I'll get you once a table comes available." Fine. What are my other options? So, the bar was a nice experience, with an attentive bartender and excellent cocktails. Then we finally got our table, half an hour after our "confirmed" reservation. After 25 minutes of sitting at the table without a greeting from anyone walking by the numerous times, I finally ask the host if our table could get water... the most polite way I could manage to ask for some service. 10 minutes after that, our bartender is now at the table taking our order. She was great and so was the food, but that couldn't overcome the glaring deficiency in customer experience. There are too many great restaurants in Philadelphia to miss this mark; I won't be returning.I truly enjoyed my visit. I think this is officially my new favorite restaurant! Great atmosphere and amazing food, who could ask for more.This restaurant charges $3.50 for a smallish iced tea with no refills!  The food was ok and the waitress was nice. We did not care for Led Zeppelin and Ozzie Osborne over brunch, and that is our generation's music.  Why not have music that appeals to all ages?Ok, Not Great. 
Got a Groupon, because we were in the city and i was feeling cheap.
Wife got a Caesar salad, which was supposed to come with some type of Jam but did not. I got the burger, which was overall OK, but the bacon was not crispy(not rocket science), and the meat was kind of tough for a burger cooked Medium.
We also got french fries for our 2 year old with the grilled cheese. Why we got him french fries is probably a discussion for another day. The fries came with old bay. I find it strange that a Kid's meal item would have old bay on it, but since the kid decided not to eat anything, i didnt mind.The outdoor sitting is great, the oysters on the half shell were sweet and fresh, the watermelon salad perfect for a summer night and the cocktails....super yummy! Get the honey suckle, you'll love it!I was staying at the Wyndham around the corner and the gentleman that checked me in recommended it to me. I didn't want to spend a fortune, but wanted at least decent food. This place gave me good food at a reasonable price. I had the short rib that was in a hominy broth with poblano cheddar grits. My goodness it was good. Grits north of the Mason Dixon line are usually pretty bad. Not these. The atmosphere of the place is casual and friendly. Service was good. It is also a bar and looks like a good local spot to grab a drink.Common Wealth is a great addition to old city ! I had dinner here last night with 4 friends and we all truly enjoyed our experience.
The food here was AMAZING. We had the cheese plate, the muscles, fried green tomatoes, oysters bienville, the BLT, the she crab soup and the shellfish and grits. There were really no assigned dishes and we all just kind of ate a little of everything.. and there wasn't one dish that wasn't delicious. The portions are HUGE for a very reasonable price (I think I probably got 25 dozen muscles for $10)
Our service was well paced and our waitress was attentive and pleasant. We ate outside which was great since it was a nice night but the inside also has a really cool vibe. 
We will definitely be returning, maybe to try their brunch!!