This was my first time here and I loved this place! Stopped in on Wednesday after Sips. The place was hopping! DJ was spinning great music, a bunch of tvs around, a bar downstairs and upstairs. Downstairs was packed but there was plenty of room at the bar upstairs. I got a Long Beach Tea. The bartender checked with me on how to make it and it tasted great. She was very friendly. I didn't get to try any of the food but I'll definitely be back! :)典型的なアイリッシュパブ。混んでいるところを見ると人気があるのだろう。ビーフシチューは普通にアイリッシュパブの味だったが、肉は柔らかくて美味しかった。I am not Chinese by the way.Had the fish and chips but sadly was it mostly chips. Only a couple small pieces of heavily fried fish. Others in my group ordered the shepherds pie and weren't extremely impressed. We only went here due to the proximity from the embassy suites. I'd recommend taking a walk to some other areas to get some good food.Came with my uncle on a Friday night to grab a burger and brew after a hard days work.
I think the jalapeno poppers are made in house, so I give four stars based on that and just the fact that they had them which I had been craving for the longest. 
Beers were fresh and cold, and burger was A-OK as well.
I just wish there would have been less cigarette butts all over the floor, but otherwise, outdoor seating was enjoyable.Good bar.  Recommend for Happy Hour.  I've also been to a holiday party where they rented out the top floor/bar and that was very well done.  Good bar food  and were quick to refill at the catered event. Sometimes they offer live music which can be a plus.  Specials are pretty good.The wait staff was nice in that they let me store my huge luggage in the restaurant while I ate there (I had just returned from being out of the country for a month). But the service was pretty slow. And the veggie burger I had was awful. There was no flavor and it made me kinda sick. I had a salad on the side with blue cheese dressing which was fine, and my friend had fries which were really good. But I would definitely NOT recommend the veggie burger for vegetarians (I am a vegetarian). I also got a diet coke which just tasted weird. Overall not a good restaurant.Not sure about all of these negative reviews on here. I thought Con Murphy's was a solid place when I stopped in this past weekend. First time in there. I was impressed with the coziness and decor. It's a very small place, and it's expected since its connected to a hotel, but they do a good job with it. Had brunch and as a big spicy foods/wing guy, the buffalo chicken and waffles caught my eye. Delicious. My girlfriend had a breakfast sandwich and was very high on their fries. Had a couple of Magner's Irish ciders as well, which were good. Showed the waitress the Yelp offer for a buy one, get one free drink for checking in and it was accepted right away. I'd definitely come back here, especially for an event.I've now been in twice - the second time by accident.  By the time we realized we had shot and missed once before, we were already committed.  After trying for a redemption round, will definitely not make that mistake a third time!  
The staff was friendly but the food is just not good.  The crab and corn soup was alright but the tomato soup had no flavor to it, was not the consistency of soup, and the accompanying grilled cheese wasn't any better.  They literally just took two pieces of bread, put a piece of cheese in between, and stuck it in a panini maker (plain) to get some grill lines.
The mediterranean platter was alright but not exciting and the buffalo chicken wrap was alright if you dunked it in extra buffalo sauce.  The menu is a little bit all over the place, which at first seems intriguing, until you actually try it.  
If you do go, jsut stick with drinks.  All in all, not anything to go back for!We went into Con Murphy's on a Sunday morning around 9:15 because there was no wait and the place was empty. We were on a bit of a schedule, but we figured 45-50 minutes for breakfast food (basic eggs, toast, etc) was a reasonable amount of time. 
Oh dear, were we wrong. We waited 42 minutes to get our food and our server's only response was 'they are making new potatoes'. Was this a joke? They didn't have an alternative? Guests were simply supposed to wait 45 minutes for eggs? 
We were given 0 consolation for our inexcusably long wait and our server didn't even seem to care. She was more interested in setting up for some sort of buffet/banquet later in the day. 
When the food came, it was also riddled with mistakes and missing items, but since our server was nowhere to be found and we were pressed for time, we simply did not bother to correct anything. Everything was pretty basic, too, and hardly worth the price ($10 for an egg sandwich...really?). 
Needless to say, if I'm ever visiting Philadelphia, I will never go to this place again--I'd rather get Dunkin Donuts. At least I know what I'm getting (read: crappy food that's served quickly).Wanted a Guinness. Coin flip - fish&chips or shepherds pie?  I was told the fish & chips were "lighter" 
Decent f&c. Good Guinness, well pulled. 
I'm not sure how heavy the pie would have been. I ate only half, saved the rest for lunch tomorrow. 
Very, very noisy crowdThe first night I was there the food and service were awesome. My Bacon Bleu Cheese burger was amazing and the Shepard Pie my sisters ordered was delicious! This place was so good we called in for delivery the following day; since we were staying at the Windsor. Let's just say we weren't lucky the second time. My burger was okay, not as moist. I asked for a side of Bleu cheese dressing and got blue cheese crumbles?? My sister who ordered the Con Murphy's burger ordered it medium rare; instead it was delivered well done. The burger was so dry, my sister compared it to eating beef jerkey on a bun. But what was totally not okay we're the napkins/salt&pepper packets wrapped in plastic. All of the napkins were molded and stained. I'm assuming it was exposed to moisture or something. The good news is my sisters and I had a good sense of humor about it.. Sh#t happens. Anyways this place has potential to be incredible or blah. I suggest if your staying in the hotel, do yourself a favor and go into the restaurant. You'll have a better chance of them getting your order right.. Not to mention clean napkins lol.Randomly checked out this place on a Saturday night at midnight.  Enjoyed it! The guy who was preforming last night was great!  Our party of 4 was placed upstairs which was perfect since we were able to enjoy the music and still talk.  Liked all the drinks we ordered and the food was good.  We got the loaded nachos with short ribs, dry rubbed wings and grilled cheese with short ribs.  The grilled cheese was my fav!!!! Really liked my friends spiked apple cider, the other drinks ordered were okay.Came here last night with my team to get drinks and food post game.
The waitress was really nice but it was very difficult to get her when we needed since we had to sit upstairs. The wait for our food took a really long time so although the food was decent, I'm not sure if I would come again.
I got the Buffalo wings which were hot! Yum..and they were nice and crispy, which counterbalanced the blue cheese very well.
My friend got the Buffalo chicken Flatbread, which she said was too soft (the bread itself).
I do appreciate the waitress letting us use the promotions and coupons we got, so we did tip her well !The service, including the hostess, was great all around.
A lot of restaurants ask you how you would like your burger cooked and then bring it to you medium-well, regardless of what you asked for. That is not the case a Con Murphy's. The burger was cooked perfectly. Just as importantly, the bacon on the burger was cooked perfectly. The fries were great. If there was some malt vinegar aioli on the side, it would have made my afternoon. However, I was left with just ketchup, horrible, disgusting ketchup. Don't get me wrong, I love ketchup. I'm not picky either, Heinz, Huntz, Del Monte, grocery store, whatever. I just do not ever want that nasty generic restaurant bulk ketchup that tastes like a mix of random chemicals. I'll never understand why restaurants take such pride in making great food and then put something so awful next to it. I guess most chef's are just anti-ketchup and put whatever cheap crap they can out for the stupid customers that always ask for it.I will take a break from trying to break off chunks using my teeth from a block of dark chocolate chips that melted in my trunk during a drive from NY to Philly in 95 degree weather that subsequently re-solidified to form a giant inside-a-bag shaped block to write this review. There are now shavings all over my computer and desk. Ugh, life.
Anywhoo I came to this place after going to that rooftop drinks thing at, as I used to say in middle and high school, "the lib" (pronounced: lie-b). My friend, her boyfriend (not for long LOLOLOL, no I'm kidding, I would never....really..) and I were all like "ok let's get food tho". This friend is my intern soulmate bc she's almost as enthusiastic about nachos as I am.
After entering this establishment, we went upstairs for some reason. We walked past the bar and sat down at one of the tables. We persued the menus and waited for a while for someone to take our order. We became impatient until someone walked by and kindly informed us that there was no waiter service up here. I took the bullet and went to the bar to order for the table.
I ordered a watermelon marg and the other two fools in my party got regular margs. We also ordered nachos. I think I was pretty full actually and just accompanied them to drink more and hang out. The reason for which I was pretty full was bc I had eaten pretty much a large cheese pizza singlehandedly an hour or so before. 
Our drinks came and I thoroughly enjoyed the watermelon marg. It was tasty and refreshing. The nachos arrived to grace me with their presence. Like a captured spy, I initially resisted their efforts to draw me in but could only make it for so long. My intern soulmate and her boyfriend kept going on and on about how amazing they were. I classically decided I would "just try a chip or two". Cute bc they were so good I, SHOCKER, couldn't stop eating them. Too bad I didn't go to order nachos on an empty stomach, I could've had my way with those bad boys. 
The nachos were so good in fact, for the whole next day I kept thinking about how good they were. Like, no joke. 
I can't speak for any of their other menu items. I would come back for the nachos though.
AdiosGreat atmosphere for eating and drinking. Service was great and the food was good. Worth the stop if you like quaint Irish Pubs where you can have a good meal with a good selection of beers and have good conversation!This was a pretty traditional pub experience.
The menu contains a few of the expected items (shepherds pie, beef stew, etc.) but also contains some great American fare. The pork kebabs were quite good. They weren't dried out and the bacon/corn/tomato side was quite good. The reuben rolls were a super tasty appetizer; though be careful because they're nuclear hot when they're delivered. The hummus appetizer is also a good choice for kids since it contains some veges along with the hummus. 
We sat outside by the street and it wasn't too loud. The waitress was friendly and engaged our young children. 
No complaints, the experience was great. There's nothing exceptional here but you won't be unhappy.The staff was great. They recommended the Philly and it was good. The side salad was huge, next time I would get the chips. 
There was live music which was nice and tv's all around for sports. 
Nice stop for drinks and food.Crab soup...to die for! The local beer the waitress suggested, very refreshing. A fun place to relax, laugh and hang out.Super friendly staff, great happy hour and weekend deals and outdoor seating... fun spot to hang out for an afternoon or evening!Stopped in here for a quick bite to eat while walking to the made in America concert. The food was great and the service was as well. However, the sangria I had was nothing special to say the least. My boyfriend got beer and was a happy camper. Also the turkey burger was not dry it was very juicy.Stopped in for a drink. Sat at the bar. The bartender served us our drinks and was very friendly. The very intoxicated gents next to us wouldn't stop running their mouths but alcohol and youngsters happens. We also met a very lovely 70 year old couple who were just hanging out with each other and not married. She liked screwdrivers and he opted for the beer. He urged her to try something new but she said no, I will stick to my usual. When someone asked fi they were married they said no. He asked if they would get married and she said 'oh my, no,' Lol. 
Thats the kind of stuff we look for at irish places. The craic! Sadly we needed to move on so we paid our tab and went on our way. 
We would return. We loved the bartender. The place was large and clean with great outdoor seating.My wife and I came the night that the regular wait staff had their Christmas party.  So I can't comment on them - but the food was really good. My wife has the short rib Mac and cheese and I had the Guinness stew. Both very very good. The craft beer selection was minimal, but they had Guinness so all was well with the world.   The atmosphere was very homey - but no open fires. I'd come back again for a wee pint!I had the best meal tonight....Short Rib Mac & Cheese.  Nicola K was AWESOME!!!  Best please to eat on our weekend trip the Philly.I go there for happy hour every time I am there for work. I love the buy 1, get 1 when you check in .
The only get is the drinks because the food never comes out warm (hot) enough the first time.  When the temperature of the food is good, the crab soup is fantastic. 
I'll see you there next time.Awesome breakfast.  We went there because it was convenient as we were staying at The Windsor Suites.  I had the Irish Breakfast and my wife had the Eggs Benedict.  Both were served hot and came with me food than we could eat.  Add fantastic service and wifi and you have a winner!Con Murphys feels like a neighborhood bar but has the food of a prime Philly restaurant! While the food might not be the lightest or healthiest, it is however, to die for! Their buttermilk chicken sandwich is one of my favorites in the city. 
Service: 9
Size: Small/medium
Price: very reasonable 
Atmosphere: 7Great food, affordable and a nice atmosphere. Nick is a great bartender and pours a perfect Guinness!!Had the Reuben sandwich. 
It's cheap meat and no soul. Wouldn't recommend it all. It's too bad for me because I really love a good Reuben and I chose this over a Philly cheesesteak. I had limited time and had to choose. I chose poorly.Cute little Irish bar/pub located right next to the Windsor Suites in good 'ole Philly! 
From the outside, Con Murphy's looks like a tiny pub that you might miss unless you're looking for it. However, on the inside there are various levels available for seating along with an outdoor option (for the warmer months). 
If you're not busy grabbing a cheese steak somewhere you should definitely check out Con Murphy's for breakfast/brunch. 
I came on a Saturday for brunch with my boyfriend. We were staying at the hotel which meant we could take advantage of the brunch deal offered to hotel guests. 
How does this deal work? You basically pick out any breakfast menu item worth $13 or less and you get that plus coffee (refills included) and a glass of orange juice for ten bucks! Not too shabby, if I do say so myself. 
I ordered the eggs Benedict and my boyfriend ordered the salmon eggs Benedict, which brought a side of home "fries" on the plate and a small serving of ketchup. Not only was it visually appealing, but hands down probably the best eggs Benedict I've had in ages! 
Service was absolutely amazing and rather quick. 
I would not hesitate to come back and check out their lunch or dinner menu.Good pub grub. Friendly servers. Nice selection of Irish beers, some craft brews, and basic beers.  TVs placed well. Just a good solid place overallFood decent, service great, menu good. Apparently they serve a damn fine pint of Guinness, but the only problem is that it is definitely overpriced! 
This location definitely needed a decent restaurant, and if I were on the parkway, it's about the only place worth eating at. Just too expensive for what it is.I stayed at the hotel right upstairs. It was really cold outside so we decided not to travel far for dinner. Con Murphy's was the perfect choice. The menu is filled with the normal bar foods. I ordered the Guinness beef stew. It was good but not as hot as I'd like. The beef, carrots and potatoes were all very soft and easy to eat.
Service was great. The hostess sat us right away and I had no complaints with the waitress/server. They were all very nice and welcoming. I'd come here again.Great atmosphere, food, and service. Stayed at the hotel next door so after walking around the city all day just wanted something good to eat and drink.  It was a little loud, but what do you expect when you come to a bar that has a good amount of people. We were here with our 12 and 10 year old and it was good. This spot was perfect for what we wanted!I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of Con Murphy's Irish Pub's brunch! We chose it because it was near to the hotel where our friends were staying and it took reservations for larger parties for brunch. Great build-your-own omelet, good service, and calm atmosphere.Enjoyed this spot.  It has an outdoor patio that faces Logan Square and the inside is a two-floor space perfectly decorated to fit the Irish theme.  I was seated on the second level.  Both levels have a full bar.  The food was delicious and the service was ok.  The waiter was a little slow and I had to ask for water twice and she did not check back with me timely throughout the meal thus a 3 rating. I will try it again because the food was good, just an off night and slow service.I went to this bar, Ashley was my bartender...me and my wife were in from out of town, she was a fun energetic person. I would recommend this bar everyone! Great selection of whiskey!!!Decent lunch if you are nearby anyway; not worth an extra (transportation) effort though.  Nothing was bad, but little made us go "wow."  We'd patronize Con Murphy's on occasion if we lived or worked in the area, but only if so.  
On the "Parkway", $14 or so will get you a variety of Irish and traditional lunch options, relatively healthy and otherwise.  That our competent waitress spoke with a thick Irish accent was a pleasant surprise.  Dinner menu prices were City-pricey for what you appeared to get, but we only were here for lunch.  
The restaurant was relatively empty on a cold early afternoon on a weekday.  I can picture them being crushed in warmer weather though. A public parking garage adjoins; $41 for a little more than three hours.  Cha-ching.Fantastic Bloody Mary   Friendly wait staff. Caroline was very sweet. Food was excellent, nicely presented,  and served hot and tasty. Salad was light and refreshing and burger was interesting and cooked to perfection. Check in on yelp for a complimentary drink with purchase. Lively atmosphere and attentive staff make for a pleasant lunch.I would say this place is solidly average, nothing mind blowing. You could get some good apps and a nice glass of wine though and I had a very witty Irish waitress that kept us happy. 
I went to cons with a group from work for happy hour. We sat at one of the outdoor tables, ordered some wine and happy hour appetizers. We had the nachos, hummus and the Ruben egg rolls, all were pretty basic and tasted good. 
They have 2 bars, one upstairs and one down, typical Irish Pub decor. The prices aren't bad especially if you hit happy hour.  I wouldn't do dinner here but, happy hour or a quick lunch isn't too bad at Con's.Con Murphy's a a cool spot. It's got a nice outdoor patio that faces Logan Square and the inside is a two-floor space perfectly decorated to fit the Irish theme.
I thought the food was delicious and the bartenders pour a great Guinness. I ordered the short rib nachos, and was pleasantly surprised. My friend got their buffalo wings and said they were among the best he'd tried in the city since moving.
The reason I'm giving a 3-star review is because of service. We started out the night with a great server who was very attentive and told us it was her first week. She seemed nervous, but she was great. When her shift was over, we stayed to drink and listen to the live music. The server who took over was almost impossible to track down. It was almost like our table hadn't been reassigned.The bar was overly loud and despite smoking laws, at points, reeked of cigarette smoke. We ordered two beers and a French dip sandwich and buffalo chicken wrap with no blue cheese to share. 
The French dip was SUPER salty and after coming out covered in blue cheese the first time, my replacement wrap was super light on the chicken. 
To make matters worse, I felt nauseous for the remainder of the night (not sure if this was caused by the food or not, so I'm not figuring it into the star rating).I've been here for lunch a few times and the service is usually pretty slow.  They have also been pretty forgetful and mixed orders up; fries instead of a salad, giving an order to the wrong person kind of stuff.
The menu isn't very large, but has a decent selection.  There have always been a least a couple vegetarian options.   I don't recommend eating here if you're looking for something healthy though.  Also, avoid the veggie burger if you like flavor!  It's very bland, basically rice with some onions in a patty.  The fries are pretty decent.  People I was with enjoyed the fish and chips.  The portions are fairly large.  The soda has been flat every time I've had one there.
The atmosphere is OK, fake Irish pub-y.  The tables and seats upstairs aren't very comfortable.  I'm short but the tables still seems really low to me.  There are a lot of TVs around the place, usually playing sports.I came here on a whim bc I was in the area.  I must say... I really really really enjoyed myself here.  The crowd isn't exactly "my type" but I really enjoyed the service, drinks, and music.  I will return for food soon. Amanda was my bartender and she is an absolute sweetheart (and makes really yummy drinks)!  She accidentally made an error with my credit card but owned up to her mistake and provided excellent service regardless of the error.  I'll definitely be returning (:Sheeeeew where does one begin?? Chose Con's on a whim for some CC Sips, and man oh man was it a winner....From our knowledgeable, outgoing and hilarious bartender Jessica to the dynamite chicken fingers. Jessica made us comfortable from the moment we walked in, unlike the majority of these uppity Center City establishments. What a great experience all around especially for the price...If you're reading this Jess, like Arnold said "I'LL BE BACKKKK"Rude customer service: I went here with a group of friends who were staying at the Windsor Suites after a convention in the city. After putting $3 in the jukebox I was told (not politely) that the jukebox was being shut off because it was getting close to closing time. This in and of itself was no big deal but I was refused my money back after asking "Can I have money back?" Then at 2:10 we  were asked to "Finish up and go" in a rude manner by the bartender; now I understand that bar's in Philadelphia are not allowed to serve after 2am but I was also served a pint at 2:00am, 10 minutes prior. If you want your bar patrons out a reasonable time, call "last call"...don't make your patrons "chug" their drinks. If you don't mind this type of service and like a standard Irish Pub with high prices, this is the place for you.It's a great time for the Irish, thank you Con Murphy's!The best fish and chips in town.  Loved the service.  Friendly and happy.Came here with a friend last night for a few drinks and snacks. Given that the only reason we chose Con Murphy's was due to their online advertised specials of " LATE NIGHT SPECIALS:           EVERY DAY 10PM - CLOSE  " $3 Heneiken, Yuenglings, Coors light and $4 pints all day.. $5 Fries, Chicken Tenders, Loaded Nachos -- and the server did not honor any of these specials, the 2 stars speaks for itself. Either update your website, or honor your specials you advertise -- pretty unacceptable. 
Service wise - our server was a nice, came by at appropriate times to ask us if we wanted another beer and such. 
The chicken tenders at $10 were a joke. Dry on the inside, and no seasoning on the batter at all -- luckily they have salt on the table so I had to douse it with some salt and generously dip in the honey mustard and bbq sauce. Might be worth $5, definitely not the $10.
Wouldn't return without specials based on that experience.For some reason this place is really loud. Didn't bother me. The food was okay. I had the chorizo burger and it was a bit over cooked which made it dry. The malt chips are just house made chips with no malt vinegar flavor at all. Waitress was nice but because I was alone she checked on me once and then after I was done. I would have liked another drink with my meal! Average meal, average service. Probably won't come back, Irish pubs are a dime a dozen.2 for one beers. As George Takei would say "oh my"...  The sound in this place was off the charts.  It was like trying to have an intimate conversation 10 feet away from a rocket blast off.  The apps sucked the high hard one but the main dishes delivered comfort food that I wanted.  I'll give them another chance.Best place you will find in this part of town. I came in for a quick dinner on my last trip to Philly. I ate at the bar, and ended up staying for a few hours, chatting and enjoying the atmosphere. I had the house special burger with Irish bacon. It was great but I was feeling guilty so had a side salad instead of fries. I am a bit of a snob when it comes to Guinness, but this was the best pint I've had in a long time.This is a newly renovated place so it's clean and fairly modern looking. I suspect the owners are appealing to the "macho" guy crowd as decor is a little too austere. I like an Irish pub to have a few nooks and crannies where I can hide out with my husband and people watch and drink too much :) But that's just me! Still, I just couldn't escape the sensation that there's a "boys club" mentality here.  (Very, very inexperienced pretty young servers!) And then there's that "hotel restaurant" feeling that I could not escape. They cook for the Windsor where they're located and so it feels like a "fake" Irish pub, certainly not cozy in any way. I had dinner with my husband on a Friday evening. There were a few men (middle-aged) at the bar and only one other couple eating. Food was OK but meats a little over done. Worse though was the fact that little ingredients were missing from the description on the menu. As though the chef was off that night. And that really annoys me generally. If it's on the menu it should be on my plate. I think details are important. Cocktails were good, Sauvignon Blanc nice. But overall just not worthy of a second visit.I just ordered the loaded nachos to go, and what a disappointment!  I basically paid $10 for tortilla chips.  They put all the ingredients in those tiny salad dressing containers.  What am I going to do with a big container full of tortilla chips with two tablespoons of beans, cheese, and guacamole???  Plus, I wanted melted cheese on my nachos, not cold shredded cheese!  
That being said, I do realize that I ordered nachos from an Irish club.  I really didn't even have high expectations.  I was just craving nachos and needed something close to work.  I won't be making this place my dinner spot for late nights at the office.I live right in Center City in the "Business" district I guess you'd say, and I find there's not many bars around this direct area that have a more "neighborhood" vibe. I usually trek south to drink, but when I am trying to stay closer to home, Con Murph's fills that void for me. Happy Hour gets the corporate crowd, but the weekends and later in the evenings it has a more authentic Irish bar vibe, especially when they have Irish musicians playing on a randam Sunday afternoon. By the way,  I am reviewing it for the bar atmostphere and the drinks, not as much the food as I have not eaten here a ton. The few times I have it's been decent bar food though and the wings are REALLY good (and I am pretty picky about my wings).
I like how it's not too big like Public House or other bars in the area. The staff is always nice. They do a good happy hour and have a good beer selection. The owners are cool and often are working behind the bar or on the floor and make a point to say hi and make sure everything is ok. That goes a long way for me. 
But most of all, my family does a HUGE pub crawl every year and we always end up at Con Murphy's. Liam is always super accommodating and gives us flexible and reasonably drink/food packages for our party. We've never had a problem and always have a good time.  I have a big, crazy family and they make us feel at home and don't judge us....well, not too harshly. I've also set up brunch reservations for a group here, and they didn't mind that we brought our own Irish soda bread. 
Slainte!Food was delicious.  The service was awful!  We were staying at the Windsor Hotel for 2 nights and decided to eat breakfast at Con Murphys.  The first morning the service was slow, but they were a little busy so we overlooked it and decided to try again the next day.  Wrong idea!!  The next morning we stopped in for breakfast again and were happy to see it wasn't as busy and we were seated right away downstairs by the bar.  We had to continually ask for coffee refills all while being forced to listen to the waitresses and bartender complain about everything going "wrong" in the kitchen AND the customers upstairs.  Which makes you wonder what they were saying about us.  You couldn't even carry on a conversation because they were complaining so loudly.  When we finally received the bill and paid cash the waitress decided she deserved to keep the change!!  I could not believe it, even if it was only $.51!!! I didn't even bother to ask for it, I have never in my life had anyone decide to keep the change no matter how little change it is!  Needless to say we will not be going back!My girlfriend and I stopped through this place Saturday night and we loved It, definitely a cool vibe that we weren't expecting. The downstairs bartender Pat was great and made us feel right at home. We're going to come through everytime we're in the area.I had a hunkering for Guinness and Beef Stew, and it hit the spot. The drafts were spot on, and the bread pudding, a.k.a. "spotted dick" on the other side of the Irish Sea, was as spot on as spotted could be. (The whisky sauce really made it worthwhile.) most importantly, my server, Jess, was very sweet. And even the best of meals can made or broken by such a small thing as how your server makes you feel welcome and at home.
So if you happen to ever find yourself in Center City looking for a little pub fare with a little pub flair, be sure to give this place a try.Excellent Shepherds Pie and decent fish and chips if you have a craving. Their bread pudding is quite good as well... but the bar atmosphere is awesome. The beer and spirit selection is great, and Liz, the Bartender, was funny quick attentive and seemed to be constantly in 12 places at once. She get's five stars even though the food gets 4 (quite good but needs a little bit extra something for the full five stars).
If you're ever downtown with nothing to do, the bar is an excellent and lively place to spend an evening hang out and grab a good and filling bite to eat... and pretty much everyone there is up for a chat.Decent place, I like it in warmer weather when you can sit outside and people watch as you eat the standard pub fare.Average at best.  Service is slow, food is below average, drinks are okay.  Happy hour pricing is the best time to go.  Sitting outside is great.  Would probably pass next time I was in Philly.Our first night in Philly we stumbled upon Con Murphy's. The short ribs in Mac and cheese was amazing! Best we've ever had! The waitperson, Nicola, was especially personable and her good service added to an enjoyable evening. We'd go back.The meat loaf wrapped in bacon was unbelievable!  The beer is flowing and I'm coming back for the short ribs mac and cheese!  Nicola K. Was awesome!Nice place!  Located on the Ben Franklin Parkway, steps from Logan Square and the Four Seasons Hotel.  Intimate pub for center city dwellers.  Friendly staff!!  They had a live Irish Band the night I was there.We didn't eat here yet but definitely enjoyed the beer selection during the world meeting. Met a lot of great people here which is what always happens at an Irish pub! Beers were a little expensive, we were charged 8.50 for a draft harp! But the bartenders were fast and friendly and the atmosphere was spot on. Will certainly try a bite next time! 
On a side note, restrooms were clean even though there was a million people in there!!Great beer selection, great food, and great seating options (inside and outside). The only thing I'd note is that they appeared to be a tad understaffed the day we were in there, so service was a touch slow. That was the only bad thing about the visit.Horrible hostess, horrible waitress. They lack on good service here. We were waiting at the door for 10min, the place is not busy, the waitress walked by several times didn't say a word, the hostess looked me twice in the eyes and seem to not acknowledge the fact she had costumes. And food is food when u are hungry. Not much to say about that.Excellent venue to view the procession in the evenings on BF Pkwy.  Outdoor seating available to view the parade of tragic city residents walking their dogs or boyfriends and out of town visitors.  Food was great and cocktail and martinis made to perfection but overall a distraction was provided when the starters were either forgotten or arrived with the  main course.  Typical for Philadelphia to the point where I order apps and starters first then the  main course to avoid this curse.  Despite that, will be back again!Good chicken fingers here and fun to spend St.Patty's day here!  Good neighborhood bar feel and the staff is friendly enough.  Small downstairs so remember there is a bar upstairs! CheersSelected another establishment from Yelp. Way to crowded. Walked past Con Murphy's and looked at menu. Guinness stew caught my eye. Walked in and had a 10 min wait for table, visited bar and they have excellent draught list. I got the Guinness stew and was fantastic. Other people around me ordered various items and all looked great.  Glad I found this place in errorI do not write reviews unless a place really stands out.  We first visited Con Murphy's when recently visiting Philadelphia.  We were both very tired and it happened to be connected to our hotel.  We did not know anything about it, but decided to try it.  it was happy hour and we had to wait 10 min., but our hostess, Yarisa,  let us know beforehand  and when our table was ready she let us know immediately.  She was very appreciative for us waiting and apologized for the wait.  It was a good start.  
We would have been happy with just some simple, fresh food that was well cooked but were pleasantly surprised by the food.  We were on vacation and had eaten at a couple of very fancy highly reviewed restaurants and had a couple of delicious but very expensive meals. I honestly have to say (and I expressed this to our waitress and then to the manager) that my meal (the Grouper Picatta) was every bit as wonderful as the fancy meals that we had and that they must have a really great chef.  My husband had a delicious burger as well.  The portion sizes were very generous.  I could not finish my review of our dinner unless I also mentioned our really lovely waitress, Mariah Jo.  It was very busy that night and I had a lot of questions, but she was very patient and also very attentive.  It was a great meal after a difficult day.  In addition, the manager came over after our dinner to thank us for telling Mariah Jo how much we liked the dinner.  When I told him that I thought he had a great chef, he said that he really looked hard to find a good one and this one moved all the way from South Carolina to be the chef there.  It showed!
I would also like to say that we came back for breakfast the next day before leaving for home.  My breakfast was just as wonderful and customized to my taste (substitutions) and perfectly cooked.  I had the eggs benedict salmon florentine with tomato instead of the english muffin and asparagus instead of the potatoes.  My waitress, Rory, took great trouble coming up with the right vegetable to substitute for the potatoes to go well with my order. The hollandaise sauce was especially good and not too goppy as some can be.  I was not hungry for the long ride home which was almost 4 hours.  My husband enjoyed his pancakes as well.
This is just a pub but I think anyone who visits Philadelphia or lives there should try it, for the delicious food and the gracious service!  We will definitely go back the next time we are in Philly, but it might be hard to try a different selection from the menu, because I might want to order the same things again!Interesting that some of the reviews have been okay to poor. My experience was very good. Thoroughly enjoyed the murphy fries..an interesting, and very tasy version of cheese fries..cheese fondue..the shepherd's pie was different from what I have had in Southern Ireland but likewise very good. The lamb is in more of a stock sauce (read light gravy) and no tomato hint..an interesting variation. Service was exemplary, and the bartender very professionally got rid of a rowdy drunk at the bar who was bent on singing 'i just called to say I love you'.   Will definitely return to try some of the other intriguing menu items!Good location, okay prices, okay food. In fairness, we did not get the Irish fare because we were leaving the next day on this very short stop in Philly and weren't sure if we were going to have time to get a cheesesteak at one of the recommended places, so three of us ordered the cheesesteak. It was just a sandwich. The truffled mac and cheese was tasty though no truffle flavor could be detected. The reuben was pretty good. Outdoor seating had a nice view on a breezy late spring day. p.s. We were able to get cheesesteaks from Jim's the next day and they were delicious!The first of whst is sure to be many cheese steak sandwiches this weekend. Very tasty on a great roll. The pork diablo was outstanding as well with fresh sliced avocado and pineapple with a nice zesty pork.  Also had a nice selection of draught beersHorrible service. I sat down and it took 15 minutes for someone to ask me what I wanted and that was when I asked for the menu first. Then, about 10 minutes after I ordered someone else came out and asked me again what I ordered because they forgot to put it in. Took off!Great spot on the Ben Franklin parkway, cool set up and environment. Had the cheese plate as an app and was pleasantly surprised with the spread that came out! Soooo good.  Had to finish the meal with the creme brûlée, of course.  Definitely give this place a try!Great service, food was good, atmosphere was great; nice little Isaiah bar feel. Was here early on a Friday evening, so everything was on time. Wings were great. Scallops on bacon-wrapped appetizer were small, but good. 
Lost a star because they didn't accept my 15% Yelp discount for Yelp check-in. Really didn't explain to me why not.This is for late night only. Beer selection good. Am ice okay. Late night menu was lacking.Ordered room service.  It was ok.  I don't like the fact that they use egg substitute in the omelete.  I would like real eggs if I'm paying 12 bucks and than try to charge you 1.50 for egg whites.  Do not charge 3.00 for 1/2 cup of Juice with ice in it.I was very disappointed with the food at this restaurant.  I was in from out of town and decided to eat here because it was right next door to my hotel.  I ordered the Shepard Pie.  After 3 bites I started to taste a bitter aftertaste; bitter and almost citrusy. I decided to smell the dish and something just didn't seem right.  Needless to say I stopped eating immediately.  I let the server know and she took the dish away. When she brought the check they didn't charge me for the dish.  The server was really nice, as was the hostess. Unfortunately the food just wasn't good. :-(