This place is a joke! for Philly Pizza they can't be serious. The cheese has to be "Cheese Product" you can't even taste the cheese at all. It's very very low quality. Which is some nerve selling less than mediocre Pizza "At The Top Of The Hill". Jose the Kitchen Manager had no reference for good customer service. I don't understand why these small business's hire rude jerks to represent them and get mad when people write reviews like the one I'm writing.
I bought a Sicilian- Bland Flavorless Lump of Hard Toast. 
Cheese and Mushroom- "                                  "I love cosimos and I come here a lot. The food is good for a pizza place and the atmosphere is nice. However, the staff isn't too good at getting orders right and the food is pretty pricey. I got two slices today and it cost 7 dollars.Great location right in the heart of Chestnut Hill. A lot of people are complaining about the prices, but considering the location, this place is one of the few affordable places to just sit down and eat. 
Clean and comfortable inside with multiple TV's (pretty cool for a pizza joint) and then there's the option to eat outside too which is always nice! 
The food is pretty decent. The pizza is about what you'd expect.
Nice place to come to eat and relax after a great hike through Wissahickon.1/10: I went here w my daughter who lives in CH. While space was comfortable, counter people were about 18-20 and seemed oblivious. I asked politely about senior discount and kid taking ordered was befuddled as I were speaking a foreign language. He yelled--yes yelled--for manager whose age suggested he was owner. Asked him same question and he proceeded to grill me on list of requirements to receive a discount. Finally, he growled to the kid "Give him 10% off" which felt like one time for his been annoyed. REALLY? Food was no better than "ok".
In a word: You--customer--are overpaying for amateurish operation with side of arrogance.Went here for lunch (1-ish) a few weeks back since my college apparently doesn't take debit in the cafeteria and I had no other way to pay. Got a plain slice which was huge, Asian Chili Chicken Fingers, and a soda for like $10-something. Extra bangin. In all honesty, "Spongebob" being on made it all even better. Even though I felt like a creep with everybody watching the other TV. XDEasily the worst pizza I have ever gotten. Inedible. I ordered delivery, took one bite, and spit it out. It was a chicken with chipotle sauce. It had this gross, runny sauce all over it, and very little chicken. it was gross tasting and chewy. I was thrilled when they had whole wheat crust. Not thrilled when I tasted it.
This pizza was expensive, and I threw it in the trash.What can I say.  My family has been going to Cosimos for years.
I moved away and when my grandpa was sick in hospice, I would come home to visit and Cosimos was my spot.  
Now that I'm back in town, it hasn't changed at all.  Their ready made slices and other doughy stuff is plain old GOOD.While moving in, I was starved and needed delivery. This was the perfect match. I ordered a large pepperoni pizza and an order of buffalo wings. The pizza was really good, the crust was crispy on the bottom yet the dough wasn't hard for the rest of the slice. The wings were a little below average, the sauce was thin, not spicy even though I specified 'hot', and they were kinda small. I would give the wings another chance but if anything I'd get the pizza again. The delivery was timely and friendly.Great pizza, great service, great atmosphere. I find that in store, the food is hot and fresh, and tastes absolutely impeccable, and that the employees are both friendly and dedicated to making your time as enjoyable as possible.
When getting delivery, the speed and quality is absolutely fantastic, and as an ex-delivery driver myself I know the value of giving a good tip - always tip your delivery driver well! They always come as fast as they can and as soon as the food is ready for you, and I've never had one make a mistake.
The pizza is great, the cheesesteaks are fantastic, and the other options are varied and great. Highly recommend!Not sure what happened here.  Used to be so good.  Staff seems pretty clueless- takes forever to get one slice, all with a million questions.Been here a few times with the family because one of my uncles lives in the area.
'Cause when you're in Philly, you gotta have a cheesesteak. It's a mandate in my
opinion. The cheesesteak hoagie is a bundle of aromatic tastiness. Being that most
times we drive back with the sandwiches to NYC, they hold up real well as road 
food. The prices are slightly on the steep side. Also, be prepared to spell out in
full detail exactly what you want, how you want it. Interestingly enough, Cosimo's
is also where I gained a deep appreciation for Herr's potato chips, notably their
Ketchup flavor. 
The space itself is nice and quaint for the surrounding neighborhood. Cosimo's
is cool with me...maybe next time I'll try the chicken marinara.Having recently moved to the area from NY, one of my main concerns was for the well being of my family. A close second however was the pizza. Being a lifelong New Yorker, it sounds cliche, but this came to mind, unironically, several times as we prepared to move.
Our first foray into the Philadelphia pizza scene was at Cosimo's.
They had several ready made pies of different types. I asked about their grandma pie and the young lady pointed to a thin looking Sicilian pie and said "yeah, grandma Sicilian."  My heart sank for I knew, that what I was looking at was not the grandma pizza that I've come to know and love (Shout out to Pizza Classica in Glendale Queens!).
None the less, we ordered our slices and headed home with the specter of a bad pizza experience looming over our shoulders.
The rundown;
Plain cheese slice - Pretty good. The sauce is a bit sweet which is fine by me, the cheese was good. The end crust had more bread like consistency and not the chewy, slightly puffy texture that I know and love.
Their 'Grandma' - My review is based on  the fact that they identify their pie as a grandma pie coupled with the other grandma pizza I've had in NY...I'm sorry, but it doesn't compare. There was no oily roasted garlic spread liberally atop the pie amid puddles of salty sauce with islands of fresh mozzarella cheese melted throughout.
Sausage slice - similar to plain, the sausage was good and plentiful.
If this turns out to be the best pizza in my area, I can live with that, however, my quest continues.I love Cosimo's Pizza! The staff is really friendly and the manager Enzo is the nicest guy. I have been a loyal costumer to Cosimo's since 2005. It's rare you find a good pizza place with good pastas and salads and such. They have a variety of single slices with interesting ingredients too. My favorite is the eggplant parmigiana pizza (fried eggplant, ricotta cheese and bail). The portions are good and the food is great.Went here for lunch the other day with a friend of mine who is local to chestnut hill. All of the specialty pizzas looked good! Not really in a pizza mood, I got a turkey, avocado, cheese wrap with chipotle ranch. It was pretty big, but for the price I guess I assumed it would've come with chips but it did not. Tasty wrap, but nothing too special. The cashier/server was nice and friendly. My friend enjoyed her pizza and salad and said she will likely return in the future.Well what can I say? Excellent pizza and a tasty calzone. That's what I can say. This is one of my two favorite pizza places in Chestnut Hill  and Roxborough. They even have pasta e fagioli. I loved it. My family loved it. You should love it too.My husband and I didn't like the taste of the food, and we ordered from Cosimos several times, trying different dishes. I wish I could give a better review, but I want to be honest about our experience. It looks like many people enjoy Cosimos. Being from the West Coast, maybe we have a different palate? On a plus side, their delivery orders are timely and accurate.Very disappointing.  I moved to Chestnut Hill this summer and can't believe there are no decent pizza places in such a great part of Philly.  Neighbors say to order pizza from Flourtown however since it was a quasi holiday (and several places were closed) I called Cosimo's to try their pizza.  
Pizza was over done and garlic knots were lukewarm and on the verge of becoming soggy from being in aluminum foil too long.  Smallest pie they had was a medium and after adding a drink, I waited.  Delivery took at least 40 minutes and I live less than a mile away.  There was also a charge for delivery which then made me feel bad for not tipping the driver... It was almost $20 poorly spent.  After I opened and then attempted to eat some of the food, I crossed yet another pizza place in Chestnut Hill off my list.Hit the spot for a post-bike ride dinner.  Had the Aegan Chicken sandwich on flatbread with black olives, feta, and cucumbers (held the dressing)... pretty tasty, and didn't have to wait long.  Some of the slices looked really good too.
Nothing special, but definitely good for grabbing a quick bite in the area.Good, not great. Came to cherry hill for a festival and wanted a quick bite before heading back on the road. I got  roast beef sandwich, was on the bland side, with little toppings. Friends pizza was a bit soggy- not heated correctly.Eggplant pizza= fried eggplant slices + ricotta cheese dollop + fresh sliced basil
I haven't had anything else like it. Dream-worthy food. I haven't tried anything else because I always want this.Cosimo's is good. The food is good. The service and delivery is consistent and timely, which is hard to find.The Good: The service was quick, a good selection of pizza and sandwiches, and the food was tasty. 
The Bad: The place was not very clean. There was food on the floor under a table next to me for the entire time we were eating. Also, restrooms were small (one person at a time) and they were not very clean, but I have seen worse. 
Overall, it's not a bad place to eat and the hours are pretty good for Chestnut Hill. I may have caught them on an off day so I will try again sometime in the future. Enjoy!Ordered calzone and a couple other things to go. Counter woman was indifferent to my existence. Took forever. Would avoid this place in the future.I have a love-hate thing for Cosimo's however the good does outweigh the bad enough for me to be a repeat customer.  I think that their pizza is outstanding and other food is pretty good too. You definitely have to try it and you will most definitely enjoy it. The service is good- I had a bad experience once that makes me think twice about going when planning lunch in the area but given the circumstances, I'm not going to elaborate- the service you'll get will be just fine. 
There's one thing I really can't stand in a business is when customers are charged to use a credit card- and Cosimo's is one of them. I understand how credit card services works on the business side (I sell the services) and if a business is passing their processing costs on to their customers- well that says a lot. It is only a couple of cents (7 to be exact) but, lastly, Cosimo's is by no means cheap so it all adds up. I got a slice of pizza, a fountain drink and a garlic knot for lunch- almost $7!
With all this said- it really is a must try place however in my opinion, with all the other options around, unless u make a fortune, this won't be a regular spot.I was going to give them a great review. I have been ordering delivery from them since August, at least 4-5 Times. I have never been into the restaurant. Tonight I ordered from them, they called to say they don't deliver here, and I must be mistaken about where I ordered from. Uhh, no. Now they refuse to deliver here. He told me he couldn't cancel my order, really? If you won't deliver, then cancel my order. He got rude, and I admit so did I.We always come here during the Harry Potter festival. Pizza is pretty good and it's also surprising how fast the service is for how busy it gets during that time.This was a super huge surprise for us. I don't expect much for pizza delivery sometimes. The chicken bacon broccoli cheddar Stromboli was amazing! Their sauce is so great and unique it's kinda Smokey. The cheese fries were decent just normal cheese fries. And my girlfriend loved her gluten free pizza. The delivery was quick and it was a decent price. I loved the Stromboli I would order this again and again. And I made two meals out of it!Here's another Chestnut Hill restaurant that I just want to love but can't. 
Cosimo's is a quick pizza option in Chestnut Hill and is pretty tasty. The prices are just not at all competitive. It's just too expensive for the type of restaurant it is. I know it's in Chestnut Hill, but honestly, the only reason they get away with it is because a Domino's or some other chain isn't within delivery range. 
The specials are also misleading. A special for two larges will sound great, but once you add toppings at $1+ per topping you'll be amazed at the price. 
We have also had a couple of experiences in which the staff accidentally charged us for full price when we specifically asked for the special. We had to call back twice to ask them to check the price of our order this past time before they fixed it.
So, I think some good competition would be great, and I welcome a chain pizza joint to come and provide that competition.We Love Cosimo's Pizza!!!
Their plain slices are just like New York City slices, their Sicilian slices are delicious, and our other two favorites are the Arugula pizza and the Buffalo Chicken pizza. Also, they sent us a coupon for a free Birthday pie and handled a delivery difficulty by offering to replace the whole order.  Hosea and Enzo are very gracious!
Also--try their Cannoli--you won't regret it. YUM.
Update-- December 2017--Still love the pizza but the cannoli have changed and become sickeningly sweet--like their has been really sugary frosting added to change the consistency of the filling. Please bring back the old ones--I don't mind that they were slightly runny--they were delicious :)Our delivery person couldn't find our apartment, which means the pizza was cold when it arrived, but it was still very good pizza - not fantastic, but quite good. Fresh ingredients, for sure, and a nice crust.Not sure why there's so many negative reviews. Seems there's quite a few pizza snobs in this area-not a surprise given the luxurious homes surrounding this. 
I liked this place bc they had a variety of slices available-they looked yummy and Italian! Some places have already made slices that limit you to cheese or pepperoni. 
I worked in a pizzeria for 3 years so I know good pizza. I had buff chick (my favorite) and it was yummy. Good sauce, chicken, and crust. It's hard for me to find a good crust-this wasn't too crunchy and I loved it. I could have done without the celery on the pizza but I get why they put it on there-to go with the buff chix theme. I also had garlic knots, which were yummy!!
Prices weren't too bad.
The food was hot-as they warmed it up in oven prior to serving me.
FYI to people ordering delivery-food might be cold bc it's in a car and not an oven !!! They likely use the pizza warming bags but they often don't keep it super hot, especially if the drive is long.
So eat here, it's good and staff is friendly! If you're opposed to cold delivery pizza-get off your lazy .... and pick it up yourself ;)I am definitely not a pizza snob but I was disappointed.  Got a slice w tomatoes and basil.  The toppings were generous and it was filling but I hadn't realized it was a "white" aka no tomato sauce slice.  Not my fave but my own fault.  Overall pretty bland even w my salt, pepper and pepper flakes.  Large variety of slices available.  Mine cost $3.45 .  I can't speak to any of their other food.I've been here a number of times. The pizza is not great, but it is better than the next closest pizza place. The counter service is usually lacking any personality. Tonight I ordered online and my delivery came 1 hour and 35 min after my confirmation email. Last order from me, looking forward to Nonna's new location opening up.I went here with some classmates last year. While I don't remember it being ultra delicious, my 2 slices of pepperoni were satisfying enough.On my first trip to Chestnut Hill this past weekend, my boyfriend and I took a nice walk around the shops. We realized after we had walked quite a bit that we were starving and being Sunday, a lot of shops were closed and most food places didn't have good vegetarian options. When all fails, we spotted Cosimo's Pizza and felt like we just won the lottery. It was a bit loud inside with a table of five teenage girls, but they were gone before we were ready to eat. Besides pizza, they have plenty of vegetarian options and the food by the register looked delicious. I settled only pizza and a garlic breadstick. I also had some of their homemade pomegrante lemonade which was refreshing! I don't know if it was really homemade or not, but it was yummy. The girl working there day was also extremely friendly and never rushed us. She smiled a lot and made us feel welcome.Cosimo's has a super location in the middle of one of the nicest urban areas in the US, Philadelphia's Chestnut Hill.  Its al fresco seating is awesome for people watching and feeling the vibes of this wonderful area.  It is also pup friendly al fresco and it was obvious that it was, because there were always pups on their outside seating.  
We got there after a wonderful hike in the Wissahickon and were ravenously hungry.  Their bread sticks with sauce satiated our hunger until the two large pizzas came out.  One was a meatlovers combo and the other, a veggan pizza to suit our yoga-addicted-eastern-minded companions.  Despite being crowded, we were waited on fast and out pies came out promptly and piping hot.  All of us loved the thin crusty bottom that apparently is its trademark.  Another of our eight guests had a salad which he devoured and claimed it was excellent, although I can't verify its quality since he scarfed it before I could have a bite...  :-)I've eaten here more times than I'd like to admit. In short, this is not the place to go if you want to sit down and have a nice dinner. The pizza is nothing out of this world, but I think it's pretty good (I'd recommend a slice of the cheese or sausage pizza, but I know people who go bananas for their tomato pie) and yeah, sometimes the girls behind the counter can be a little mopey, but it's a perfect place to go grab a slice if you're starving and need fuel. And if you're not cool with whatever type of crowd is in there, just go sit outside at one of their tables. I can't tell you how many times I've sat outside at Cosimo's while enjoying a slice of cheese pizza and chatting with my boyfriend and son. It's one of our staples.I can't give a rating as they wouldn't deliver to my address. I'm in Mt. Airy- 2.1 miles away. I can walk there. Warning to all don't bother giving this place your business if you don't live in chestnut hill. How would you survive in the suburbs!!!Everything was fine.. nothing exciting.. My wife had the Bolognese and chicken soup, my son, (2yo), had pizza I had the Cosimo's hoagie.. I'll be back for a quick bite..Great local pizza joint.  Good salads and entrees too.  Friend swears by the eggplant pizza.My stomach was growling. The kids were getting grouchy. And I wasn't about to try to make anything myself (invite yourself over for dinner sometime and you'll see what I mean. My attempt at cooking is laughable). In a frantic search to find a pizza place that was open on Monday and not out of the way for the old hubby to stop by on the way home from work,  I remembered Cosimo's. And so I made a phone call.
20 minutes later - yes, they're that fast - I was chomping on some pretty good black olive and cheese pizza. It wasn't as flavorful as I would have liked it to be, but a few dashes of garlic salt fixed that right up.
In short, I'd go here again for sure. I think they do delivery and I know that they have a place inside that's a special kids' section so the wee ones can watch Spongebob or some other crazy show while you eat in peace.I want to give Cosimo's four stars for their meat-filled roll of goodness but unfortunately the high quality of many of their treats gives when faced with higher prices and obnoxious clientele.  Yes, we were all in high school once, but I don't care to be surrounded by high-pitched teen banter while trying to enjoy a slice.  This being the norm, I usually opt for take-out or delivery but the quality of the pizza, while quite good, just isn't up to par with From the Boot for pick-up or Tonelli's for delivery.  Especially considering that the price of Cosimo's greatly exceeds that of the aforementioned establishments.  If convenience dictates, you will not be upset with their food, especially the meat roll deliciousness, but when options are available I choose to go elsewhere.After visiting the breathtaking nearby arboretum, my friend and I were craving a delicious slice of pizza. We headed down Germantown to Cosimo's. We were warmly welcomed by the savory smells of bread and pasta as well as several friendly employees. We had a combo pizza with sausage, roasted red peppers and yummy mozarella! It seems like a great place for friends and family (they even have a corner of the restaurant set up with a TV with kid-friendly stuff on it). The crust was just the right thickness and the sauce was minimal, which is the way I like it. Overall an amazing pizza with incredibly fresh ingredients and yummy flavor! It's one of the main reasons I visit my friend in Philly (but shhh don't tell him!)Meh. I mean, all pizza is good, but this is definitely the lowest common denominator of handmade pizza. It is probably perfect for a lot of people in chestnut hill who don't want their food too "ethnic", but I was bored. 
I like my pizza crust chewy - this was much more like bread - and my pizza oily and garlicky. This was dry and the sauce was just straight tomato sauce without many spices or other flavors. I actually put hot sauce on my slice, which helped, but hot sauce should be a treat, not a remedy. 
They get pluses for having gluten-free options (which is why we schlepped out there in the first place), but that crust was pretty flavorless, too, I'm told. 
Also a plus is homemade lemonade and root beer. They have good toppings, they put fresh arugula on the pizza, but man, what a disappointment. 
If you want a good pizza, Try Pizza Brain in Kensington, Taconneli's in port richmond, or Lorenzo's on south street.Nice little pizza joint on the Avenue. Pizza is decent, not great.  One thing I do love here is the pepperoni pinwheel.  Tend to get a few of those when I stop in or order out.  Always nice for a pizza place to have little extra things you can order other than pizza.  I also like the wings here although there are better spots on Germantown for that too.  Seems to be a high schooler hang out at times, but when its not filled with kids in varsity jackets, its a pretty good place to stop in a get a slice of pizza or a few wings on the go.My husband is from NYC. He's the pickiest pizza person I know. He loves this place. One of the best pizza places I've found.Cosimos is a Decent Pizza Spot they make great Pizzas and Salads it is a little more pricey than other shops but their food is better quality I never have to worry if it's a good day or not cause it's ALWAYS GOODSo, part of the reason Cosimo's gets 5 stars from me is because it's one of the only cheap, casual places to eat in Chestnut Hill. Another part is because of nostalgia--I've been eating at Cosimo's since I was in 7th grade, and I've been in college for a couple of years now. Whenever I come home for a visit, Cosimo's is one of the places I absolutely MUST visit, because even though I now live in New York City, I have never found pizza that satisfies me quite like that at Cosimo's. It's the perfect balance of a thin crust, medium amount of sauce, and lots of melty, greasy cheese, maybe too much for most people. And don't get me started on the mozzarella sticks (the only place that compares is the diner on Main Street in Manayunk next to the UA Theater).
Cosimo's is every Chestnut Hill student's favorite place to grab a slice. It's generally overrun by students from OMC, Springside, CHA, and Crefeld, which can be annoying if you're over the age of seventeen, or if you don't want to see everyone who was in your Algebra class back in 9th grade, but the pizza is downright delicious.
The owner (or manager? I'm not sure) is an exceedingly nice guy, the waitresses are always sweet, and the kitchen moves pretty fast. They have a good selection of drinks (their iced tea and house sodas are delicious), and the prices (overall) are pretty good.I rarely write negative reviews, but the service here is flat out rude.  After over-paying for mediocre pizza, I went back to ask for water and was told that I had to purchase water and they would not give me tap water.  (Is that even legal??). Anyhow, I obliged and bought the $2 bottle of water, but didn't have cash, so they proceeded to charge me 25 cents additional... which I also paid. 
At this point it was clear they were obviously being difficult and rude... and I will not be back.  I know everyone has bad days, but don't take it out on customers.Good if you like being overcharged for mediocre product. They have raised their prices...again. 
As a local who orders from here often, I realize things are a little higher in price. However, a recent menu listed the cheese steak as being $6.59 & the price was actually $7.99. For the tiny little sandwich with almost no cheese on it, this is insanely overpriced. 
This is the last time I'll be spending money here. I'm tired of paying through the nose for bad to mediocre food.Prices have just become COMPLETELY unreasonable. The staff as well, there are teenagers with bad attitudes. I go in and get 2 slices and fries. Then I realize oh let me get a side of cheese to essentially have cheese fries. I go up and ask for two cups of it. The young girl (around 17-19) goes that's $2.50 and that's completely fine for TWO cups of cheese. She brings ONE to my table and I go I asked for TWO. she had this attitude and says uh no you asked for one. Even the man behind me heard me say two. So I say can I have another cup then. she points at the register and say $2.50. $2.50 FOR A CUP OF CHEESE THAT HONESTLY ISNT THAT GOOD OR PROBABLY NOT EVEN REAL CHEESE!!! So on top of my $12 order I'd have to spend an extra $5 for melted cheese in a styrofoam cup. I've been going here since I was a kid and maybe that was because i spent my parents money on that food rather than my own but I don't think this will be my first choice for pizza anymore. I'll walk down Germantown Ave. to Chestnut Hill Brewing Company for a WHOLE pizza that has better ingredients and made in a brick oven rather than 2 slices and fries for the same exact price...$12! DisappointedI was STARVIN' like marvin after a fabulous pedicure at Spa Elysium (see my yelp review of that, too.) and needed sustainance.
I considered a few other plkaces - including the French Cafe which was so packed and disorganized that I had to bail out.  (Will yelp that soon.)
So I cautiously entered this PACKED pizza spot (1 PM on a gorgeous Spring Saturday) and ordered a single slice of silician pizza topped with eggplant.
YUM CITY!
So delicious.
I would like to come back and try more things - just not on a Saturday at lunch time.Mediocre pizza, better than Fiesta though.  Great location for kids.  They even have a TV set up with kids videos.Bleh.  Wandering through town at 8:00 at night and being hungry, we saw "pizza" and decided to stop. 
It's clean, reasonably comfy, and the offerings at the counter looked appealing. 
That's about where I lost interest. 
Our "build your own 4-items"  large pizza and 1 drink were just over $20 bucks.  That wouldn't necessarily upset me if the pizza was as tasty as it looked when it came to the table.  It wasnt.  Where I'm from, we'd call this "carnival pizza".  It's bland, the crust had no flavor at all and although it was crisp & hot, it was reminiscent of cardboard.
The toppings were plentiful, except for the tiny chips of sausage, but the sparse cheese & sauce left me unimpressed, and i found myself dumping lots of spices and salt to try and make it palatable. 
I've had Pizza Hut which blew this places offerings away. I'm sad to actually say that, but it's true.
I really wanted to like it, but I'm not a fan, and prob'ly wont return.
If you have wheels, drive another mile East and go to Totos in Mt. Airy.Unfortunately not very good when we tried it.Great gluten free pizza and clean, family-friendly atmosphere. We loved the bacon and spinach pizza with GF crust that is crispy and not doughy like some GF pizzas. 
We came in after being disappointed with the options at Iron Hill. After you enjoy the pizza, stop into McNally's for a Moscow Mule or a beerWas back with the wife and kid.. this time it took 20 minutes for a plate of french fries to come.. wife had the oven backed penne.. I had the BLT burger.. was fine.. as I wrote before not so exciting but practical..Enzo and crew have been feeding me regularly these quarantined weeks. Usually a hoagie for lunch. Good food, fast. But tonight, I had a surprise treat for dinner at home. We had really good chicken parm with rigatoni & red gravy and garlic knots. Delicious! This came prepared in aluminum serving dish. Dinner for four and for only $30. I think I can stand another few weeks of quarantine. Quality, Flavor & Value. Thanks Cosimos.My daughter and her bestie swear by this place, one of those shops where you can buy by the slice--which seems to make it popular with the SEPTA drivers from the trolley loop across the Avenue. 
Anyway, I used to swear by Fiesta down the Avenue a few blocks, but a couple of things have happened. 
First, I was diagnosed with celiac, so no pizza for me unless it's gluten-free. Last I checked, nothing on the menu like that. 
Second, my daughter and her friend say Fiesta is really off its game, and I trust their assessment. So even if I could eat there, I probably wouldn't.
These days, if I have a craving for pizza, I discovered that Cosimo's actually bakes up a really good gluten-free version. I've ordered it many times. The crust comes pretty darn close to a regular pizza crust. Tasty sauce and abundant gooey cheese.
The problem with most gluten-free pizza shop pizza, if you can find it, is the crust. Weirdly sweet tasting; odd, thick, crumbly mouth feel. Cosimo's crust is, in contrast, the gluten-free gold standard. Actually tastes like regular pizza crust. Thin, floppy and foldy, like a NY crust.
If you have celiac, a must-try.I'm always chasing after the flavor and texture of my very first pizza I had from here. 10 months later, 14+ pizza later... I can't find it. 
I wrote in the comment section, in two different areas.. please cook my pizza all the way through. Well done but don't burn it. Tell me why this pizza is still not done in the middle?  They failed, again. 
Why does Chestnut Hill struggle with pizza? 
I think back to the first pizza I had and debate in my mind if it was really as good as I thought. How much wine did I have that night? Was I starving prior to this meal? Was I just delusional? I don't know. 
I've tried everything for them to cook a pizza all the way through. I stopped ordering mushrooms because it would water down the pie. I will only order a medium because somehow they always mess up the large. 
I'm putting way too much effort into this review and pizza place. I come here for the convenience and I will always remember the first pizza I had here. 
I will stick to slices from now on. The pizza is already cooked and they throw it back in the oven to heat it up. Soooo the end result is a thoroughly cooked pizza slice.Worst pizza I ever had. Ordered delivery, arrived ice cold. Box not even warm. Bland, tasteless pizza. Crust tasted as if it were made last week.
Bought a root beer and still had the label from Harry Potter Festival over a month ago. Bottle water was opened - as in not sealed.
Not sure how places like this stay in business.Ordered the Cosimos and the cheese steak sub. 5 star! Not a great amount of meat but the the balance was just right. What really made the sandwich was the bread.... the BEST!
OK, why put a very nice friendly person on the order counter that does not know if they sell cheese steak sub? Does not know what a banana pepper is? Does not know the options for the order. You can do better.This place is large, so large that they have a special play area for kids.  To me, this is always a danger signal, an eating establishment that wants kids to come in is probably not serving great food.
So here I am, ordering 2 slices of pepperoni pizza at $3 each from a cashier that clearly wants to be elsewhere, and I sit down to enjoy.  The price is ridiculous first of all, and the crust is a bit underdone.  The taste is not better or worse than most, so it is easy to find a better deal elsewhere.  There is one other table full of people, including children.
A small child of about 2 or 3 is allowed to wander, and she finds the ice cream refrigerator, and of course opens it and pokes around, touching about 20 different products in there before selecting one that she wants, and she returns to her table where she is told to put it back.  She does, and even slides the opening-from-the-top door shut.  I must say, I am impressed with the kid, but not so much the parents.
My mind wanders, because I don't like the pizza very much, and I think about cleanliness, since a child has potentially infected 20 ice creams with her snot-covered hands (who knows where they have been?).  I look down on the floor and see that it needs sweeping.
Good bye, Cosimo's...That's a wrap, Cosimos. It's been a nice year of hit..mostly miss pizza. Tonight was my last straw. I have to practically beg you to burn my pizza just to have it edible. My 8 year old can cook pizza better than this place. 
Wwwwwhhhhhhhhhyyyyy is it so hard to cook pizza? Is your oven broken? Is your staff under educated with the oven process? What is it? 
I looked at my pizza before I left,
Knowing damn well that I was going to throw it in the oven when I got home. That's the only way to eat their pizza is by cooking it yourself after you get it home. I might as well have ran to ACME and picked up a frozen pizza, it would have cooked faster. 
No, just no.. this is wrong, even I refuse to reheat this mess. The ENTIRE center of the pizza wasn't cooked. In fact, the center was actually cold. The heat didn't even get to the dough. 
YOU OFFER TO MAKE ME A NEW PIZZA, 8/10 times I order from here. Just cook the pizza correctly the first time.  
The rude and snide comments I got from your staff is enough to make me scream. How embarrassing on their end, not mine. "Mam, you looked at the pizza before you left". Yeah, I did, but I'm sorry that I didn't bring my X-ray vision googles to see the doughy center. 
Rude, just plain rude. $19 of waste. Never again will I ate front in this hell hole. Good luck to everyone who wants to eat pizza that's clearly been sitting there most of the day.So upset I ordered a pepperoni large pie and 12 garlic knots I was charged $27.05. The pizza box is 16x16 and there was space in the box after they put the pizza in. The slices were small and not enough to feed four people. We ended up going to another pizza place and getting a second pizza. Which tasted better than Cosimos. They never used to be this bad. The pizza used to state better. Also the pizza box was the regular sized white large box. The brown box that they are utilizing is a little smaller than a medium. I will not go back. They have lost me as a customer. I don't know if they changed ownership or what but the bad pizza on top of the overcharging is ridiculous. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE FOR ANYONE!!!Cosimo's Pizza Cafe is an attractive pizzeria and even better just a short walk from where I live.  I like the looks of this place very much and its convenience.  The food however has rarely lived up to its physical attributes.  For example last night I ordered a personal pizza with anchovies.  (Other toppings I was going to add at home.)  You can only order the personal pizza with a gluten-free crust (why?) and it was not tasty at all.  Some of the edges were also too hard to bite into.  I will never order a personal pizza from here again.  Because it is so close I will try some of Cosimo's other offerings - perhaps an Italian entree of a hoagie.  And maybe down the road a friend or neighbor will tell me they had a good pizza from here (probably a non-gluten-free regular or gourmet pizza) and I'll try one of those...but never a gluten-free personal pizza for me again.First time ordering and I never will again. I've been a waitress for 15 years, I am very hesitant to complain about food orders or restaurants. But this was unreal.
I ordered at 5:30pm, waited 45 mins, got home to discover my order was wrong, called them at 6:30 and was told a new order would be out in 20 mins delivered to my house. At 7:30 I called and asked where the food was - "should be there any minute," and finally at 8 I called and inquired again. Told that driver delivered to wrong address, they would remake it and come back. My food arrived at 8:30, three hours after I ordered and two hours after the rest of my family finished eating. Had I known it would be another two hours after calling the first time I would have cooked myself dinner, but I kept being told it was almost there. Never ordering from here again. Staff was very nice the whole time, however.Cosimo's Pizza Cafe is the best pizza spot in Chestnut Hill by far. I'm really confused by some of these low reviews because I have never had anything less than an incredible pizza from here! Wether I need a few large pizzas to cater my party or just want to grab a slice, Cosimo's is always my go to. Their wraps, hoagies, and salads are also worth a try, especially their southwest salad!! Their service is also always friendly and accommodating. Overall, great place! Seriously worth a try!The worst place ever!! I ordered a chicken cesar salad and there was barely any lettuce and No chicken!! The  girl that answered the phone she was so dull and sound very tired. I asked to talk to the manager he was no better and didn't even attempt to solve the issue. I will never recommend any one to this place.Definitely one of the best pizza places around! The staff is always pleasant and very helpful. They have a very large menu that appeals to anyone. It is very family friendly since it has a special area just for kids, that includes toys, and the TV always has child friendly cartoons on. The service is always fast and the food is great. It is definitely not just your regular pizza joint. They have so many slices to chose from, such as fried eggplant, tomato and spinach, and barbecue chicken. Of course they have the favorites plain and pepperoni. I eat here at least once a week! It is a night my friends and I always look forward to!Cosimos crew on germantown ave!!!...... Great job today at the festival. You saved the lives of many starving festival goers due to a poorly planned event. I respect your quick services and great pizza. Thank you from all of us!!I have been here twice and both times I was more than satisfied with my food here. 
The first time I ordered Chicken Alfredo with broccoli rabe and it was delicious, made with penne pasta, filled with hunks of chicken breast, a cheesy Alfredo sauce and just the right amount of broccoli to balance out the meal.
It came with a piece of toasted garlic bread and a small container of crushed red pepper. (yay!)
The Alfredo was flavorful and very satisfying.
The second time I ate there I had the Chicken Parmesan with spaghetti. The chicken cutlets were very crispy  (like I like it) soft and tender inside. You could see the bits of fresh herbs & spices throughout the crust. The spaghetti was al dente and the sauce was smooth and had just the right consistency to hold the meal together.
I'll be going back to Cosimo's and try to go 3 for 3!