We just had a great meal at the Country Club. I wish I could say the service was great but it wasn't. The food was hot & delicious plus fairly quick even with a full restaurant. We have had a lot of different servers here over the years, the best being Renee (pronounced RE KNEE) our waitress today was Marilyn and while she was slow and didn't get around too well( that wasn't the problem) it was her tone and attitude as if she was doing us a big favor by waiting on us. We will be back but I'm going to remember Marilyn's name as a server we do not want.Standard diner food. Breakfast is much better than the lunch/dinner options. Bakery is okay.This is certainly your typical diner but the food is always consistent and pretty good.  I'm not crazy about their breakfast but I do enjoy their lunch.
They have good burgers and salads and their bakery has an assortment of cake/pies which will leave you wanting more.
I second Mallory D. on their chocolate raspberry cake.  To DIE for.I have eaten here a handful of times, the food is average, the staff is friendly but was pretty slow any time I was there, The food was good for me each time except the pancakes they tasted weird.I really like this place. The best diner/restaurant in the Northeast and in fact the area. Michael's bought it out so I hope it doesnt become like other michael's restaurants.Me and my son's go here when they have a day off of school. And usually they have pretty good breakfast. But my kids never order off the kids menu, it's just a slice of french toast or a single pancake. And I never get the hash browns with my platter due to them always being overcooked and burnt. I love the service in the front of the dinner cause in the back the waitresses run and hide behind the glass. And I refuse to have a certain waitress cause she actually pushed my son aside so she could sit down while writing our order in which she bought out one at a time in 5 minute intervals and when I finally got my food 15 min after my son's did it was wrong and they were finished. So I didn't get to eat and we left.My mom grew up in the neighborhood (her hs is across the st) and many of my relatives still live close by which means I've been coming here for years.., but that doesn't mean I come here because the food is good- but rather there isn't much else around. 
The eggs they whip up are pretty standard, which isn't bad... Just not good either.  Their breakfast potatoes are the shredded variety and I'm guessing are the frozen variety. 
On the plus side staff are friendly and prices not high.This place does breakfast right......they have the best wait staff of any diner in the area..........they are very attentive. ........the food is always very good.....if you get your toast buttered....the butter is a sweet butter..... something a little different.......they have been around forever. ....this is the best breakfast stop.......and they have good dinners tooThis place is very close to me and my go to place for breakfast. Always friendly staff food always good. Prices are a little more expensive not to bad though then other places. Oh and for lunch the Reuben sandwich is pretty good for a non deli place.We walked in the hostess was amazing.. when we were seated we got our drinks and the waitress kept asking if we were ready to order making us feel rushed.  She then took our order brought out something we didn't order or want brought the menu over arguing with us that what we asked for wasn't on the menu and it was, then we had to wait for the sandwich to me remade    
The sandwich I ordered had way too much cheese and Russian dressing making the bread all soggy and the turkey was all dried out.  The corn beef was poor quality and had no flavor and was rushed to make due to us getting the wrong dish the first time.  It was way overpriced for the quality and the service wasn't very good at all.  Maybe just a bad day or a bad menu item choice.  Hopefully others had better luck.This place is ok. Menu is too big and the food is ok. Some of the wait staff is nice. But there is one server names Tina, blond older woman with glasses that may be honestly one of the more miserable person I've run into. Where to begin...she has a crappy personality, she gives off the aura that she doesn't care at what she is doing, and huffs and puffs as she moved throughout the restaurant. I understand that this is not a downtown restaurant, but this place gives off the atmosphere of mediocrity. It's just tolerable enough with respect to food and service and that frustrates me even more. I'd rather they not care at all than give me a front of "service."  I would not go here again, but mediocrity is rampant among a lot of restaurants in the area and work 2 minutes away.  My choices are between fast food places or this mediocre place. God help me.I had the grilled crab cakes (2). They were actually delicious & ginormous! However, the string beans & roasted potatoes were actually subpar; go figure! lol. I'd visit them again :)I had an enjoyable Greek salad which is my litmus test for all diners. The salad was crisp with a very generous serving of anchovies, along with 3 large stuffed grape leaves, and very firm and delicious feta cheese. Red onions, red cabbage, green peppers, hard boiled egg, and mixed greens made for a nutritious and filling lunch. The dressing was served separately per my request and accompanied by fresh rolls. The olives were good, but I could have used a few more to reach my sodium ceiling. 
The service was equally crisp!Usually I don't come to the Country Club, my past experiences haven't been that great.  Overpriced breakfast, a big hunk of deep fried scrapple and lukewarm coffee.
But this weekend my friend and I decided to meet here since it was so close to us.  I was just going to get a slice of pie and coffee, but since she ordered a salad I figured I would get something light.
I ordered the lox platter - it came with a bagel, two large pieces of thin-sliced lox, cream cheese, red onion, tomatoes, cucumbers and capers.  I was slightly nervous, it being a diner and all, but IT WAS THE BEST LOX I HAVE EVER HAD!  Very fresh, no fishy taste or smell, perfect level of saltiness....I wanted more.  I have been thinking about it ever since and wondering when I can go back for more.
I then made a strange combination with the lox and ordered a piece of coconut custard pie.  It was average, I like mine with more of a coconut flavor than this one had.  My friend's salad was slightly overdressed, but she really enjoyed her mile-high lemon meringue pie.  Still slightly expense for what we ordered, I think.  With tip we each put in $20.  
I just hope I am as thrilled next time!I come here once or twice a month, and I like it. I usually get a sandwich, breakfast, or something from the bakery when I'm here, and I'm always satisfied with the food (as much as you can be by diner food, anyway. Come on, we all know what we're getting into when we go to a diner). 
I've found that service is very hit or miss. They seem to have a lot of staff...I don't think I've ever had the same waitress twice. Sometimes the staff is prompt and really good, other times...not. My best friend I went for an early dinner once, the place was not crowded at ALL, and we sat with empty plates for about 25 minutes (with our waitress walking directly past our table several times and my friend literally waving for her attention) before we were noticed. It took another 10 minutes for our check to be brought over. That particular incident was about a year ago. There were other times it's been pretty slow as well, but none as bad as that time.,expensive and bad service pretty much sums it up.
throw in less than great even by diner standards food and makes for a less than good experience. 
tuna salad plate had one tiny scoop of tuna on a green bed surronded  by three !three beets and four egg slices.there was three ! cucumber slices too.wow.
my dining companion had a blt.not great not horrible, just kinda there.
very small side portions, french fries barely filled a tiny plate anf sodas?well mini baby sized glasses.
sunday its busy,and our waitress was rushed.
no thanks , not going back anytime soonLove this place!!!!! I have been here dozens of times & have never had a complaint. I love their waffles, they taste like clouds melting in you mouth,lol. My family & I have only had breakfast here, but I can tell you that we will go here before any ihop ever.Best breakfast in the area! My husband and I have enjoyed many Sunday breakfast/brunch dates here. I've never had their dinner, but I'm sure it's probably typical diner food.
The eggs benedict is delicious; I highly recommend it. Service has always been excellent and the prices are very cheap. The diner is much larger than it appears from the outside. Very clean and has a huge bakery. They offer several specials and serve large portions. Check it out!I come here from time to time for breakfast. Usually when I'm getting my car serviced at the Champion Toyota across the street. The food is pretty good, even though the turkey sausage tastes kinda funny. I've gotten a really good birthday cake from here in the past.Aw man where to start. I walked in and I felt like I went through a portal back in time to the 80s. The waitresses were MISERABLE. Every one of em. We were afraid to ask for stuff. My soda was flat and infant sized. I was scared to ask for another bc she mightve murdered me on the spot or yelled at me to clean my room. My boyfriend got fresh fruit on his waffle and it was literally just like 100 cantaloupes.. the rebecca black of fruits. Then he had to spit part of it out bc it tasted funky. Its the kind of place you feel like you have to whisper the whole time. The bathroom was disgusting. It's regular diner price, but by far the worst one I've been to in the northeast area. Their whipped cream was good, but unless you are going for literally a bowl of whipped cream, turn around while there's still time.Classy diner with Homestyle cooking. LOVE the food here, great dinner specials & prices are reasonable. Knishes are the Best! My mother would of really enjoyed coming here for breakfast.Long wait for service not real attentive  to customers food just ok  would  not recommend  to any oneThis is one of the best places I've been for awhile,the flapjacks were perfectly cooked.I just think that the scrapple was a bit to thickOur waitress was great too,food came out right away.Very bizarre few experiences here.  Rude staff, took long w food arriving at tables, asked for a egg white on english muffin, cook couldn't comprehend that and sent out both on seperate plates?! Like are you serious!!!???? Tiffanys on the blvd much betterI have been to the CCR several times over the past couple of years. It is a very satisfactory diner, and I love it. It reminds me of the places I would go for lunch with my grandma in Chicago. The CCR misses in a few places (fake iced tea and those awful coated fries, among other things), but overall the food is really good, the servers are mostly but not all good, and the booths and dining room are really nice for a long leisurely meal. They have a lot of interesting things on the menu, as well as all of your normal diner dishes. Their turkey is especially good--open faced sandwich, turkey club, with potatoes--whatever. You get a nice pile of thinly sliced breast meat cut against the grain. The desserts are mostly good. The fountain soda is fizzy and tastes right.Food & service were both below mediocre.
ATTENTION VETERANS OF THE ARMED FORCES:
DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS ESTABLISHMENT. My wife & I were out & about running errands, so I said "Let's stops here & grab some breakfast." BAD MOVE. I belong to the American Legion,(served in the USAF) & politely asked the manager if I could hang a flyer somewhere, as we are doing a "Coach Bag Bingo" to raise funds for our checkbook so we can continue to support Veterans associated causes, make donations to Children's Hospital, & other worthy charities (we are a non-profit)......she automatically jumped @ me & stated "WE don't make donations"....to which I replied "I'm not asking for any money, not one red cent....I just want to hang this flyer somewhere so people that come in here can see this & come to our function"....to which she cut me off mid-sentence & stated "Can't do it....not permitted, not allowed". So I told her "OK, but just realize that once the word gets out that YOU DON'T SUPPORT THE VETERANS OF THIS COUNTRY by simply refusing to let me hang an 8 1/2 X 11 piece of paper, you may not get any veterans business anymore......so, if you are a Vet or have a family member who has served or is currently serving, DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS ESTABLISHMENT IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM. They don't support our Vets, so why should you support them?Went for lunch today and it was mediocre. My boyfriend's coffee tasted as if it were left over from the day before. Our waitress was older and slovenly. Her shirt was stained and she sniffed the whole time. My French dip was just ok, the fries were crispy and hot. My boyfriend didn't really enjoy his chicken Florentine sandwich either. Service was fast. Sticking to strictly breakfast next visit. Lunch was blah....I had a chicken tender with honey mustard. It's not bad...but not that good either. It's something I can have at Erines down the block and I ll have fries with it and it'll also be cheaper too. 
Also it's across the street from a High school and middle school. There wasn't any teenagers inside so... Eh...
Oh. My. God. My brownie came. It didn't look good at all. I could only eat the very top layer because the rest was mushy. Moist brownie would be an understatement.I'm not sure if they've made recent improvements or if we just happened to be there on a good day but our food and service was great! Everything was delicious from the coffee to the salad & dinner rolls to the ice cream & cake. The entree was the best part. Their chicken croquettes were delicious! I've always been a fan of the croquettes at The Dining Car but the croquettes at The Country Club were, dare I say, even yummier! Our servers' name was Sharon. She was nice and served us in a timely manner. We went in during the "Early Bird Special" so our food didn't cost an arm and a leg. 3pm-5pm, give it a shot! Don't let the old school exterior put you off.The food is good. The bakery is even better. Great staff but the atmosphere is a bit bland reminds me of a hospital cafeteria.Great value, but the quality is only so so.
I ordered the crab stuffed mushrooms.  For $12.99 I got French onion soup, rolls with butter, my entree and two sides- stewed tomatoes and applesauce.
The soup was ok but the cheese was pretty rubbery and flavorless. It was a big portion though.
My entree was also big- but the mushrooms were tiny and lost underneath the gigantic crabcakes on top.
The stewed tomatoes were gelatinous- not great.  
The applesauce was good- right from the jar.
So overall- a lot of food for the money, but was it great food?  Not really.As a child we'd go the Country Club for weekend family meals.  Over the years the family has dispersed.  This weekend, I took a cousin back there after many years away.  The service was OUTSTANDING!!! The waitress, Suzanne, couldn't have been better!  The food was excellent.  I can't wait to go back!its a diner, so you can be guaranteed that they will have all day breakfast, one or two soups of the day, dessert, and early bird specials. they also have a bakery on the premises...selling a various assortment of cookies, cupcakes, danishes, cakes etc. very family friendly with coloring to occupy the kids while waiting for food. as far as diners in NE philly go, this is one of the best. there is never a long wait to be seated, because the servers are fast, and so are the cooksWhat can you say about Northeast Philly diners, other than they are consistent!! They have menus that look like books, but you need to know what to order.  Don't go with some specialty item unless you see people eating it.  
Staples at any Northeast 24/7 diner:
Breakfast (Anything)
French Onion Soup
Cheese Steaks
Coffee
Anything else is anyone's guess.We had a family Thanksgiving dinner there yesterday. We have had many dinners there before,But this year was awful.We had one overworked waitress handling our family of 13. At 6pm they were out of sweet potatoes.Entrees were served mostly cold, turkey was dry ,cold and served with something  called gravy,My crab arrived tepid and after repeated requests for my baked potato was told they had run out. 
Ordered desert ,  sorry out of apple pie,can you believe it
Stay away, we guess they must have a new owner or cooks or whatever , but thats there problem , , , go somewhere else,,,we will !!!Nice place to eat........good service........comfortable atmosphere........fair prices.  Staff is pleasant and the desserts are to die for!!Hit or miss here at the Country Club.  Some days the service is good, other times it's awful.  Some days the food comes out just like you want it, other times it's a mess.  One food that is consistently delicious here is the cheese blintzes.  I get them with sour cream and blueberry sauce and they are amazing!  Chicken salad and potato salad are pretty tasty too.  Desserts are great, especially the cheesecake brownies!  Overall this diner is decent and I'll certainly be back again and again.I really haven't met a diner that I don't like, so this one is no exception.  Their bakery is no joke! All the cakes, cookies, pies and sticky buns are in your face as you walk in...screaming for you to just reach over and stuff your face.  But, be strong my friend, because there is about to be a lot of food where you're heading.  
The turkey club is a hands down must try and they literally give you enough to make it into 2 meals. They also have a chicken salad club sandwich which I never had before I came here and which I totally love as well. Of course they also have a large selection of All Day breakfast selections, of which the corn beef hash has been my favorite ;)
All in all, a great, solid diner.  
P.S.  Although they look delicious, the pies have not been my favorite. Sad, but true.As long as I remember, everyone I know called this place Country Club Diner. It's always been a cut about other diners, especially the bakery.  Even though Michael bought the place, it is my understanding that he allows each location to continue operating their bakery as it was before he took ownership. This should explain why the cherry cheesecake at Country Club is still the most amazing dessert on the planet. None of Michael's other places even comes close where that cheesecake is concerned.
Although I haven't seen lines wrapped around the building like there used to be back in the day, they still seem to do a respectable business and the patrons look fairly satisfied. I had breakfast here recently and, honestly... no complaints.  Good portions, the service was very good and the prices are reasonable. Therefore, I'm gonna go ahead and grant my old haunt 4 stars, for being consistently good all these years.While I have been to The Country Club a few times, this was the first time it was just my wife and I, and what a different experience it was.
First, we were coming from different parts of the city so we weren't together. I arrived first and was greeted by a sign that read, "All parties must be complete to be seated."
An odd sign really, but the hostess asked, "How many?" to which I responded, "Two."
She then asked if we were both present, to which I responded no, so she moved on to the next couple in line.
This isn't a big deal, I can wait for my wife to arrive.
As I'm waiting, I notice a man standing by the door. Two of his friends arrive, and he ushers them in and says, "Everyone's sitting in the back." and walks them passed the hostess and heads back to their seats.
Curious.
My wife arrives and we are seated.
At the table next to us two men are seated. After about 10 minutes they are joined by another man.
Now I'm a little confused.
If your policy is to only seat complete parties, is that for everyone? Or just at the hostess' discretion?
I would think if I owned a restaurant, I would want to seat people as often as possible in hopes that they might order something so I could make money.
In my case, I would have ordered coffee and perhaps a slice of pie while I waited 20 minutes for my wife to show up.
So on to the food.
It's typical diner fare, it isn't great, it isn't terrible.
The Greek Omelet doesn't have spinach in it so you have to ask for it (and pay extra). There wasn't enough Feta cheese in it, and two slices of tomato.
Like I said, not great, but edible.
I guess if I were starving on a deserted island and Country Club Diner was there, I'd eat there, but I wouldn't go out of my way considering the fantastic choices all within a twenty minute drive.
And god forbid you show up before the rest of your party, you'll have to sit coffee-less and wait, while the regulars get seated before you.Classy diner with Homestyle cooking. LOVE the food here, great dinner specials and prices are reasonable. Totally enjoyed the French Onion soup & the Knishes are the Best I've ever had.  Pleasant and friendly service. They had a beautiful sweets spread.  Lovely cakes and cookies.  I'd definitely come back again.I like this place. But as a lot of other places they need to update their furniture. They are stuck in the 70's in there. It just doesen't look appealing to me. We went there for breakfast and the menu wasn't very big. They just had the standart breakfast selection. But I have to say the breakfast (Eggs Benedikt) was delicious. However my husband was a little upset that his omlette was so small. And it was small even for a woman. It was tasty though. And that's what matters to me. So we will go back some time and I need to try some of their pastries.
Oh, one more thing. I think it is standart to serve green tea. So it would be nice if they could add that to their selection.An entirely adequate diner with qualify food and a bakery. Parking can get a little tight at peak hours and you might need to wait, but the wait is never that long.Horrible lunch situation, had a meeting nearby and the diner was slammed but our table waited over an hour for our food. Unbelievable poor service!breakfast is breakfast.  the food is good but it's a little expensive for breakfast.an $8 omelet just seems a little too much.  also had a waitress that was kind of awkward.  seemed like she was struggling walking around and spent too much time at our table making small talk.Great Breakfast Waitress was awesome so pleasant. Suzanne was a pleasure. Will ask for her next time. She made my dining experience even better with her great personality. Food was reasonable comes with coffee.I've been eating at this diner for years and it's always so good. Service is always quick and kind. Food is always amazing. Hands down one of my favorite local diners.This place is a Northeast Philadelphia Classic!  I grew up a few blocks away, and would always go here with my grandmother, great uncle, and various family members.  We've gone here for quick meals, post-family event catch ups, and anything and everything in between.
You can get breakfast any time of day, and I can really get behind any place that offers that!  They have a great breakfast menu with a wide variety of choices.  Just about everything on it is delicious.
If you're looking for "to die for" food, this isn't the place.  The food is good, I've never had an issue with ANYTHING I've had here, but it's your typical diner fare.  
The bakery is no joke.  Their pastries and sweets are delightful and a great way to cap off your meal.  They're kept in a case right up front as you walk in as a silent reminder to leave room for dessert.
Your party must be complete in order to be seated.  So make sure you all come, or meet together a little while before hand to make sure everyone makes it on time.
Sunday mornings/afternoons expect to wait.  This area has a lot of churchs and a lot of members stop off at the country club for Sunday brunch.At here for lunch today. Got seated immediately and our server was great. The mozzarella sticks are some if the best around. The rueben was ok, I've had better. While I didn't have anything from the bakery, the sweets in there looked really good. Very nicely decorated.overpriced average food.nothing screams "yummy" here...
have the smallest drink glasses i have seen .
the cashier didnt say thank you or look remotely appreciative of our business .we spent over forty dollars,but really even if we spent four dollars a thank you and eye contact would have been niceFood is very mediocre. The waitresses are a bit unprofessional. Everything needs an upgrade. The only good thing is the location.I haven't been to a diner since I was a kid. This is pretty close to where I work so I always stop in on my lunch a few times a week. Nothing too fancy.They have great food and service.  However, they have televisions with info commercials on.  
I did not come to watch TV! 
Just turn them OFF.If you've lived in Philadelphia or New Jersey for a long time, you can't help but know a lot about diners. New Jersey alone has more diners than anywhere else in America. And, like everything else, some are good and some are not so good.
Sadly, this review of The Country Club Diner is not what it would have been had I written it in 1964. I was quite the regular back then - as we were young kids and it was a nice place to go to eat. The food was great, some of the best burgers I ever had... and more.
I went back there off and on over the years - as time allowed - and the last time I was there, not too long ago, I just said, Never again. 
It's a lovely place - still. The waitresses are as delightful as my 16 year old self remembers, but as far as the food goes?  Nothing outstanding, not a WOW to be found, no genuine signature dishes... just nothing really good enough to say, we'd be back.
What a shame.Very typical diner fare.  
One thing diners (usually) get right is breakfast.  Country Club is no exception.  The pancakes, my personal favorite, are huge, fluffy & delicious.  
I'm in love with the bakery.  Try the chocolate raspberry cake, and you will be too.This place has pretty good breakfast. I've always driven past but never ventured in. I'm glad I did. My omelette was cooked just the way I wanted it. The toast wasn't burnt and the coffee was delicious. My only complaint is that I asked for orange juice also and I had to remind the waitress. I didn't receive it until I was almost done with my meal. Overall I'd definitely return.HORRIBLE! Absolutely horrible! The food was mediocre. Our orders were wrong and instead of remaking our fried eggs with cheddar cheese as we asked, they put cheese on top and microwaved it! The silverware and dishes were dirty and when our waitress brought us water there was a long blonde hair on it! To top it off, our hash browns had animal hair on the plate! That's not the end of this nightmare...the manager (Samir) blamed us for not seeing the animal hair on the plate sooner! For lack of better words he was a complete jerk! The policemen who helped us told us he hadn't eaten there in 8 yrs.Really clean and cozy! The food was really good! They had this homemade seafood soup that was pretty good I would recommend! Creamy and nicely seasoned! Susan our waiter was a delight! Will come back for breakfast for sure!I had 3 crab cakes stuffed eith shrimp. They were flavorful and a nice size.  They were goid and the service was goodYesterday i had stuffed flounder w crab meat. A whole lot of goodness. Well worth it.The best chicken croquettes around! I also like the chicken matzoh ball soup and the rolls they give you before the main course. Great place on a cold night for comfort food. Service is usually friendly and efficient. 
Will continue to patronize mainly for the croquettes.I use to come here years ago and the food was awesome but now the food is aweful and the waitresses are all old and can barely hold a tray! It is not worth your money to eat here find another restaurant to spend your hard earned cash cause this place sucked!Out of all the diners Ive eaten at this is the worse. 
My waffle was not a waffle. It looked like it was stuck to the waffle machine and then fell on the floor as they tried to get it out. The bottom of the waffle had black crumbs on it as if the machine was dirty, plus the dirt from it falling onto the floor. There was no middle to the waffle. Just the top and bottom. It was pathetic. 
I also had scrambled eggs. Smh I mean how can you mess up eggs! It was half raw and taste like it was cooked on a grill with other food. 
Home fries barely cooked. Basically a huge pile of raw potatoes.It's a diner.. but a very very very GOOD diner.  
No matter what time you go there, get breakfast.  You can't go wrong. I get the cream beef every time and my god, I love it.  The waitresses are nice.  The bakery is incredible.  Grab a cannoli on your way out!  You won't be disappointed.Service was horrible!! Our waitress seemed overwhelmed, she was breathing heavy and gave a disposable ketchup from another table claiming it wasn't touched after we said something to her. Complained to management , apologized to us and offered us free cookies that were prepackaged from a basket marked $1.00. Clearly she saw that I was still not happy .. ended getting 2 cannolis when she should have comped at least one of our meals.Ooops. Seems they did the unthinkable. They changed cheesecakes. No longer that sweet gooy, pudding-like quality like the old days. I was there recently and sure enough, they served me a piece of that same old cakey New York style cheesecake you get everywhere else these days. If you are an old fan of Country Club diner because of the cheesecake alone, like I was, here's a newsflash: You no longer have to go out of your way for dessert here. It's still a good place to eat, but I had to take away one of the stars I had originally gave it. Bummer.Breakfast Take out review:
Pros
- 2 take out parking spaces right up front
- pay at counter right when enter; cashier friendly and attentive and grabbed me cupcakes from bakery
- order correct, came w silverware, plenty of butter and syrup (though ketchup was off brand - I almost thought it was hot sauce)
- wasn't crowded fri 8:30am. (I had read reviews about it being loud so wasn't sure if I wanted to dine in but it was quiet though I'm sure weekends are different)
- order was ready when entered (15 min)
Con
- only con was asked for hash browns well done and they weren't. I saw lots of pics and reviews saying they were crispy and mine weren't but as least came w onions like I asked. 
Order
- breakfast combo $8.99 (2 pancakes, 2 bacon, eggs, sausage)
- waffle $5.49 ($3 extra if add meat) 
- French toast $5.49 
- scrapple ($3)
- home fries ($2.50)
- 2 kids cupcakes - Elmo and Cookie Monster 
- total for family of 4-5 $30 not bad 
Only had to hold for a min for waitress to take order (though hold is weird since has weird beeps that almost sound like you disconnected). 
Worth not having to cook myself and clean up a kitchen!I've never been disappointed with my meals here. It's your typical diner fare, but everything is solid and their desserts are the best part. Try their cookies, they're famous for a reason. Prices are reasonable and service is usually good. It's one of the better diners in the Northeast these days.Noticed today that the volume on the "music" was turned up.
Volume and type of music very annoying.
Additional note- fried flounder sandwich usually very good; 
today was over-cooked.Not like when the Pearlman family had it.  The WORST cheeseburger I have ever had.  Uncooked fries came with it.  Don't waste your money here.  They should go to "Bernie's" for a real cheeseburger.
The only savior to this diner is the bakery.Had the London Strip yesterday. it was very good.The Country Club is an outstanding diner.  It is under new ownership.  I have been there for dinner several times and have never been disappointed.  The food is delicious and the service is good.  They have recently added an excellent salad bar.  There should be a line out the door.  Hopefully, word of mouth will help to get people to stop in and give this place a chance.  It's one of the best diners around.I hate to give this place a bad review but my last experience sucked. My waitress, although really nice, was not very attentive. We waited a long time to order and receive our food. The food was not great ether. The Spanish omelette was disgusting! The waffles were alright. Also, we asked for plastic utensils because of how filthy the silverware looked. They didn't have plastic forks. Nothing too great about this place.There is a reason why this is out favorite diner. Good service, good prices, and good food!Very upset with this place. I just moved to the area and work a block from this place. Just a few days ago I picked up a menu while I walked passed and I figured I'd come back and try it out the menu had good looking items. I went this morning and sat at the bar it seemed like the server on was a little frustrated when she saw me sit down. I heard her say "shit"At that point it all went down hill. She dropped of water didn't ask if I needed a menu and came to take my food order I said I haven't seen the menu just yet could I take a look at one please. She stares at me with a look of frustration as she hands me the menu and  walks away to fountain drink area she seemed to have an attitude at that point and I could hear her say in an aggravated manner " he sits himself down and doesn't say anything". I worked the service industry and I get it it can be frustrating at times. People get in the weeds I know how it is. My issue is I don't want that negative energy first thing in the morning as a new customer anywhere. It's a horrible way to start the day. I decided to take my things and go. I'm not payin for a bad experience.A friend and I made a recent visit to CCD after years away. I've been coming here since I was a kid (at least 35 years), and during high school my friends and I had many meals here. As it's been at least five years since my last visit, I was pleasantly surprised at the remodeling that's taken place. No more three separate rooms. The first room you enter from outside (and where the bakery is located) looks the same, including the it-wouldn't-be-a-diner-without-the counter and the mouth-watering bakery display, but they've combined the second window-deprived "mirrored room", as I used to call it, with the third and largest dining room, added booths on the left side and totaly reconfigured both rooms. I was impressed.
The service was also very good. Our waitress was a real sweetheart, kept stopping back to see how we were doing, and the menu has expanded to include some more restaurant-quality dishes rather than just diner food. We experimented with both and both were better than expected. But, then, the desert! CCD has always been famous for its cheesecake, and justifiably so, because it's ridiculously good. I'm somewhat of a cheesecake connoisseur (albeit a limited one, so my waistline doesn't pay the price), and their cheesecake has not changed since I can remember. It's retained its totally smooth and creamy texture, and tastes SO good, I'm at a rare loss for words. Just trust me on this one. If you like cheesecake, you're going to *love* theirs. I'd drive out to the Northeast just to pick one up every once in a while, and, in fact, I think I'm going to do just that. Recommended, recommended, recommended!The food is still a lot to be desired! The waitress I had is gone but now I have a shicksa who can't write fast and isn't sure what a knish is!! This place is the dumps now! They asked me to re-review and all I can say is I would rather have Mac-n-Cheese at home then anything here!!Tonight i had pot roast. The meat was tender and the gravy was delicious. The waitress diane was a very good waitress. It never dissapoints me. It is always clean.Fast and excellence service for my first time great atmosphere thanks to waitress cheryl for a excellent serviceI recently came hear for breakfast, not to long ago, early in the morning, with a big snow storm. Was the closest Diner to where I was going. Desided to stop in. 
Was seated a.s.a.p, Giving a nice size menu. But like the person I am. I go right for the Breakfast special menu and see what looks good first. 
I desided to go with the creamed chipped beef, with home fries, and comes with the coffee. 
Creamed chipped beef was delicious, the white toast had a little crisp to it. Which made it good. And the home fries had a crisp to. That I added onions to. But they are not in the home fries they are thrown on top. Coffee is coffee. Thought it was perfect with few creamers and sugar added.
The inside of county club Diner is nice to dine in. With much seating. Looks like it's been remodeled in the past. Which is always a plus. 
I look forward to coming back again to have another great meal. I enjoyed it. The service was great. Fast. Food came out with in 5 min of placing my order. I recommend this Diner.