Each of my 6 sashimi diakon rolls were smaller than one digit on my thumb, and it cost $12.  No fish is that fancy. The sashimi did taste very good, but there was only enough to maybe be the size of a monopoly thimble, so each bite doesn't last that long. 
It was also saddening when two of the rolls were sort of haphazardly made, so you get even less sashimi and you just have this half-empty tiny cylinder of cabbage. Blahhh.I was between 3 and 4 stars for this review. The biggest downfall of this restaurant is the high price to quality ratio. Although the sushi and entrees are very good, you do pay a significant amount for them. What makes this even worse is that you can go into Center City and get the same if not better quality food for half the price. 
Their happy hour specials are a great bargain and that is the best time to go. The staff is very nice and they do take OpenTable Reservations. I prefer the Salmon Hand Roll 3 Ways for $15.I had heard about this place opening up and that it was tapas style Japanese food, but not sushi. Interesting. 
I finally came here for a work dinner on Monday night, I was just planning on stopping by, but the food kept coming and saki kept flowing. The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable of what they were serving. This is one of those places that you need to be a bit brave and take a chance on eating some shark cartilage... but really I tried the shark cartilage! 
Speaking of the shark cartilage I will start there. I was not a huge fan. The crunchy but still chewy texture was a bit unsettling as well as it being extremely salty. 
The cheese board was pretty good too the middle option on the board, wasabi fig jam was so interesting (in a good way). 
The pork dumplings, edamame, chicken wings, curry cauliflower & sausage, and spicy tuna were all tasty. 
I did not try the baby octopus with sausage, but heard from the table that it was good, as was the shrimp. Both of these were not very appetizing to me because they still looked like what they were. No thank you. 
To end on a good note, my top three items...I loved loved loved the scallops. They were amazing!!! I highly recommend ordering this! Also the Lamb Chops - de-lic-ous. Finally, I think it was the Wasabi Shumai - caution these are super spicy! Be prepared to have your sinuses cleared!Went for a quick little happy hour bite. I had the sea bass boa bun (sp), soft-shell crab boa bun, mango,yellowtail, jalapeño hand roll. All were great! I got 2 orders of seabass! They have a nice variety of bites at great price points. I had the orange sakitini to drink which I will say paired well with my seabass. I did at first order the happy hour  wine and was a bit in shock when she pulled out that bottle of barefoot, she politely  replaced it with my martini. If you go the bar bites and drink list is great...just don't  get the house wine unless you like barefootI was stoked when I heard that a Japanese iizakaya was opening, but sorely disappointed after going. The prices are high for the quality of over salted dishes and their interpretations of Japanese food read more con-fusion than fusion. The upstairs, where we sat is loud and lacks the intimacy of an iizakaya. The waitress was also a touch too bubbly, 'A' for happy, but after the sixth time she came to check on us it felt too much.I was disappointed by this place and wouldn't go back:
1.  Ambience is too open, it feels like a fast casual restaurant.
2.  Food overpriced.  I ate a moderate amount and spent $40 on dinner just for myself.
3.  Wait staff isn't knowledgable.
4.  I frequent izakaya restaurants and know good food.  This food was just OK.
5.  Specialty cocktails are trying at best.  The offer fancy names and descriptions, but lack flavor.I happened to have 30 minutes between errand running and was stopping through Drexel area. Asian fusion tapas are by far my fav and it just so happened to be happy hour. SCORE. Drexel didn't start classes yet so the campus was dead, DOUBLE SCORE.
Upon arrival I told the hostess I have 23 minutes to eat and she said its plenty since I would be the only one dining. My server was extremely friendly and told me some of his favorites. I ordered the sea bass boa bun ($5) which was very good although the bun seemed a little stale. I then had the pork bao bun ($4). The bun on this was better, and the pork was cooked amazingly. Both plates only came with one bun. At this price you can definitely go down to Sampan and get two buns for that price. Lastly I ordered some sort of braised pork belly, maybe Kakuni? I forget ($6). This was my favorite, but a very small plate. It was served in savory sauce that had both hints of brown sugar and salt. The fat literally melts in your mouth. 
I think their prices are a little steep for their competition. You're close to center city and you can find other tapas restaurants with a better price. 
Good happy hour spot.We come here quite often and always enjoy our experience. Danielle at the bar always takes great care of us. Would highly recommend!After Yakitori Boy, about as authentic a Japanese izakaya/yakitori restaurant as we have in Philadelphia. Try the delicious chicken wings (yes, they eat tons of wings and fried chicken in Japan), various skewers, dumplings, etc. Wash it all down, Japanese-style, with a beer and some saki. Great place for after work drinking and good food.Group of 6 went to Cozara on 10/20/17 (Friday) at noon. It was pretty busy and we hadn't made a reservation we waited for about 10-15 minutes until we were seated. The interior is unique.
The waitress was nice but she only gave us 2 menus to share among 6 people. We were served water and my water had something black and fuzzy in it so I asked her for a new glass of water which she was very kind about. 
Maybe there was a person training but a male server kept dropping things on the floor and having to bring back to the kitchen which didn't seem sanitary. He looked confused, stressed and sweaty. 
Normally when you go to a restaurant your meals are served at the same time so one or two people in the group don't have to wait awkwardly drooling in front of their food, but that was exactly what had happened at Cozara. 
Food was pretty good and they have some good lunch deal. I had the sushi box with salmon. It came with salad, miso soup, tuna maki, tuna sushi and edamame. For 16 bucks it's not a terrible deal. 
I would give it another try since their food is pretty good.Just because a restaurant is located on A COLLEGE campus, it doesn't mean that the pricing HAS to be suitable for college students' demographic... Why complain about the price? Just don't come here. Restaurants like CoZara and next door neighbor Zavino allow Ucity to become a culinary destination within the city. But anyways, moving on to the real review...
-the service was absolutely great: Danielle was amazing, and knowledgable with the menu and eloquently explained the items we didn't understand. Shots was A big sweetheart, did a fantastic job being a trainee and step up while Danielle was unavailable. 
-food is always top notch there.. Almost any adventurous item (like grilled Okra) would be surprisingly delicious in a unique way. 
Kiki loves Cozara!!I found Cozara very disappointing. The sushi was subpar, fish was so mediocre compared to other restaurants I've tried. They also served part of my combo dish with someone else's sushi on a large platter and the server was unaware. I thought it wasn't brought to the table altogether. I wouldn't recommend dining at this restaurant to anyone and can think of much better places for fresh sushi.I've been once and I was impressed with the Agedashi Tofu lunch special. Despite all of the reviews that stated otherwise it's nice to have a Japanese place that doesn't do sushi. I think they do a very good job with Izakaya fare. 
It's hard to get food of this high quality at such low prices for lunch. Dinner prices are likely too high for me, but they seem consistent with the food quality.
The sous chefs know what they're doing: all of the stocks and sauces were very flavorful and well matched to the food. Even the included miso soup was excellent and complex.
Service was good and servers were attentive. So far, I'd recommend visiting and trying a lunch special. If you already enjoy more common Japanese food (sushi, ramen) this seems like a very good place to branch out. I'll be back with more comments as I return.
SECOND VISIT: 
I went back and had the Poke Don, which was an excellent choice for lunch. It was nice and spicy and had great texture from crispy charred onions and very fresh tuna. Rice was perfectly done and coated with flavorful spices. 
Portions are sizeable and service was great. I highly recommend going upstairs to the outside seating - it's a great place to sit and chat above Chestnut Street.
Still a solid 4/5.When we arrived at 6:17 pm for a 6:30 reservation to a half full restaurant and were told "we could wait  at the bar until our table was prepared closer to our arrival time," well that set the wrong tone. Way to push your bar business. Two of us had very tasty cucumber lemonades (with vodka, I think) and we shown to our seats at 6:30 to an upstairs dining room that has less than 1/4 full. The food was very well prepared (two of us had the seven fish rice bowl) the other had some sushi. The truffled Brussel Sprouts were delish. Service was overwhelmed but polite. By 7 it was really busy and very loud with large groups of college/grad students in semi private rooms nearby. We were heading to a show at World Cafe Live at around 7:45, so, we were outta there quick. Had our show been a later would we have lingered?  Probably not, the less than welcoming arrival turned us off. So, despite high quality sushi and sashimi, we probably won't be back. I hit their parent/sister restaurant Zama fairly regularly since it's close to my office, and they have their service act far more together and the sushi is high quality.Everyone who recommend or praise this place has no idea what Japanese cuisine is, or should be.
No offense. They use heavy soy sauce, taste of which is so strong that I could even tell the brand. The miso tastes cheap also. 
And fried protein on sushi OMG. 
For those not familiar with asian, especially Japanese food. It is the contrary to this place which is like eating seasoning you can purchase from china town.We were in the Shogun room upstairs. Had a 3 course meal along with desert. Appetizers were ok (edamame, spring rolls). The highlight was the sushi, specifically the U Penn roll; I've never had sea bass that tasted so good. For entrees, the most memorable was the miso glazed black cod - I'm usually not a fan of fish with anything sweet but let's just say I inhaled this cod entree. Also ordered the shrimp fried rice which is definitely not your typical takeout fried rice; it is a different flavor that I need some getting use to. Overall, very pleased and would definitely return for more.I ate here for the first time today and it was awesome! I tried one of the Maki Wraps, which is a large sushi roll, and it was so good and tasty! I had the spicy shrimp and eel one and though I do not normally eat eel, it was so good. I cannot wait to try move items here!This is a great Japanese restaurant in U City. I highly recommend the Penn Roll and the house sake by the bottle (an excellent deal). The upstairs deck outside is very nice if the weather is pleasant.I went here for lunch with my sister yesterday (05/26) when I was in Philly. She explained that this place is run by the same people who own Zama's on 19th Street near Rittenhouse Park. However, unlike Zama's, CoZara has more reasonable prices.
I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant: the tables were arranged in a close, intimate fashion, although they were spaced far enough where you weren't bumping into anyone. I also liked the "woven basket" illusion of the wall on the far right side, and the red staircase that zigzags near the bar draws the eye.
We both ordered water and miso soup with our meals: I had the Maki Combo (spicy tuna, salmon avocado and yellowtail jalapeno mango rolls), and my sister had the Sushi/Maki Combo (spicy tuna roll and 7 pieces of assorted sushi). Our miso soup was served in delicate porcelain bowls and it was very tasty, and I liked how our sushi was presented on our plates: the ginger was artfully arranged in the center, with the wasabi poised to the left of it, and the sushi clustered in little groups around the perimeter. Also, low-sodium soy sauce! Yay for health-consciousness!
My favorite roll was the salmon avocado, with the jalapeno yellowtail mango a close second and the spicy tuna an equally close third. The fish was fresh and the portions were just right, and the flavors were perfectly balanced. My sister also enjoyed her sushi, and both our plates were clean by the time the waitress came by to see if we needed anything else. Unfortunately, because we were on a tight schedule (my sister had to return to work no later than 2), we didn't have the time to order anything else (alas, Banana Spring Roll, I will eat you someday). But this place is a definite win for me and I will keep it in mind the next time I'm in Philly and have a craving for sushi.Very pricey and small portions... this is a joke. Warning for those ordering 'grilled avocado tar tar', you get half of a small avocado and maybe a tablespoon of fish... for $12!Love, love, love. I have been here a few times and everything has been very good. They have a $10 bento box lunch special that can't be beat and some great dinner options. They also recently added sushi due to customers' responses. It's not pure Japanese, but Japanese-American fusion so don't expect culinary purity. They have one dish I am utterly OBSESSED with, the mushroom wontons with a truffle soy dip. The restaurant itself it very nice and includes the option for bar seating, first floor or upstairs. The service has been good every time and I've never had to wait to be seated. I would definitely recommend this, especially for a lunch spot.Came here with 2 friends for a late/light dinner. It was ok, but not great. They were out of several things. The cooked food was good, but the sashimi was poor quality. We got a small bowl of ramen which was pretty good, some crab wontons that were very good, duck breast, beef skewer,and ribs were good. breaded scallops were so-so. I would not order sashimi here ever again, but I would go back for some of the hot food. It surprised me because I thought they were associated with Zama which has always been terrific.I am crazy about this place!!! This is not just Sushi and Sashimi it is all kinds of other Japanese dishes! It is a large space awesome for parties too. The chef is really animated and I always look forward to going here. It is on my ultimate top 3 list of Philadelphia Restaurants! I have travelled the world and Philadelphia has THEE BEST restaurants ever and this one it top notch! Cool decor too. Cool food presentation. Absolutely delectable!!! I also like their drink selection. Next time I go I will have to snap some awesome pics of one of my fave O fave restaurants on Planet Earth!!!Pretty solid Japanese food. Went for lunch and I got the Japanese curry with rice and added on Pork Katsu. They kicked the green salad up a notch with spinach, leafy greens, and radish slices. Everything was great!Went here with a colleague of mine the other evening.  Food was great and service was exceptional.  Phila the chef went above and beyond as did Danielle our bartender.  A big thank you to the team there.  You'll be seeing us again very soon!Very good food,pretty authentic taste with nice price.Had tofu,cauliflower,Drexel dragon roll,shrimp tempura and salmon ochazuke.love there salmon ochazuke!!If you're hoping to spend a reasonable amount to fill your belly, Cozara is NOT where I would go. Their menu is mainly tapas (Asian appetizers) and they can be very pricey. 
I went for a company event in which everything was covered.. including alcohol  I had five Pom-teas myself which is a mix of Pomegranate liquor and Green Tea Vodka that they make in house and would 11/10 recommend! I've never had a green tea shot but I heard they're heavenly and if they're anything like the Pom-tea, I have no doubt that it is heavenly indeed. 
Overview of some foods I tried (and knew what the names were): 
Agedashi tofu - not worth it. 3-4 tofus for $5, lightly fried and doused in soy sauce. My mother's tofu tastes better and costs 1/8 the price. Also, there was something in the batter that didn't allow vegans and vegetarians at our table to eat it so they ordered a special Vegan Agedashi tofu that took 45 minutes to come out!! 
Cozara Oshinko-house pickles. Pretty standard. I'd be pretty surprised if you messed up pickles ...
Mushroom Wonton - ok this was super good but $7 for 4-5 wontons????? If the company wasn't paying for it, I def would not have ordered it. And definitely not filling.. 
Fat Pig Ramen - small order is $9 and was a very generous portion! The egg was perfectly half cooked and oozy~ broth was a little fatty... but it is called Fat Pig Ramen not skinny pig ramen  but the noodles were a great texture aka al dente/firm. And the black garlic oil  If you read my other reviews... you'll know that I always gravitate towards stuff that has garlic because it enhances the flavor of the dish so much!!
I think the next time I come here (coming back for dat Pom-tea, I'm telling you -- you have to try it), I'll order a small Ramen and a drink and that'll be a deliciously affordable dinner. Their happy hour is very reasonable and has a wide variety, bringing my foodie sister here with me next time she's in Philly.This was my first visit to Cozara and I am happy to say I was very impressed.  I am also really pleased that they let you make reservations on Open Table which is great.  I made my reservation for my party a few days before and when we got there we were promptly seated upstairs.  I think my party may have tried almost everything on the menu haha.  We opted to share some of the small plates and some of us also ordered ramen/noodle dishes.  Everything we tried was delicious.  Some of the items we ordered were the mushroom wontons, the fat pig and spicy duck ramen, Hiro's chicken wings, Bacon Mazemen (highly recommended), soft shell shrimp and pork tonkatsu and NY strip yakitori.  Everyone in the group had nothing but positive things to say and the service was also very attentive. All in all we left very full and happy and I'd gladly come here again soon.happy hour is great - can't beat the drink specials ($2 sangria!). however, the food is nothing special and the servers are too strict with ids - wouldn't accept my friends' actually valid foreign ids."Are you kidding me" followed by "disappointed" were the first two phrases that came out of my mouth after I opened my CoZara delivery. 
The "large" ramen bowl can be described as anything BUT large. It is at best an average sized ramen bowl, actually on the small side when compared to most you get. 
Secondly the "large" only had 1 piece of pork in it... How is that possible? Does that mean the small has 1/2 a piece? For $16 I expected let's say more than one piece of pork. Let's say the ramen came fully stocked, I still give the broth a 3... It was on the salty side and not aw dropping flavor. Also the salt pork belly app is decent, I say the ponzu sauce makes the dish with uncrispy pork belly.
If your going there for ramen, do yourself a favor...save your money and go somewhere else.This place is delicious! My brother lives in Philly so he suggested going to Cozara when we came to town. 
The menu was a little difficult to understand because some of the items came in small plates(one piece of whichever meat.) For the small plates, you need to order about 3-5 of them to have a whole meal. Luckily, they're only $2.75-4.00 each. My mom had the pork tonkatsu and the ny strip steak small plates. She said they were great and filling!
My brother and I had the truffle teriyaki chicken entree and it was delicious! It came with vegetables and a yakionigiri! Yum!
My dad had lots of sushi and sashimi. He said that the rolls he had were very flavorful! An interesting twist on traditional sushi. 
We had great service but there weren't any napkins and utensils on the table when we received our food and had to ask for them. The restaurant wasn't very apologetic about this mishap. 
Other than that, great experience!! Give this place a try!Amazing !!!!! We finally tried Cozara last night, been a customer of Zama for years we had to try this place. Everything we had was delicious from the mushroom wonton to the ceviche!! They have an amazing Happy Hour which we will try soon!! Service was outstanding!! We will be back soon for sure !A fun Japanese bar/tapas/sushi spot. Upstairs has more quiet dining and private space while the downstairs is more festive bar atmosphere. 
Sushi is decent but the ramen and yakitori sampler is pretty good.Pretty typical Japanese-influenced flair. I had the vegetable sushi roll (without the sauce), and it would be nice if they had more vegan options. The prices did seem a little much for what the food was, but it wasn't *too* bad.I had the kaiso salad, pork gyoza, Chef's sushi selection, and mochi ice cream. The first two dishes were overly salty. The sushi was decently good, but a few pieces fell apart to easily. The sushi chef personally came to deliver the sushi selection and came across as disgruntled if not resentful. The other service was decent, but my server couldn't pronounce the Japanese menu items - or rather he said them with a cringe-worthy American enunciation. Interior was pleasant but the choice of music did not fit the theme of the restaurant and came off as a selection trying too hard to be trendy. Overall impression is that this establishment is catering towards the young adult demographic - which makes sense, considering that it is situated right on the boundary between Penn and Drexel's campuses in University City - but comes at the expense of the restaurant experience.Really excited to find this place. Good quality fish. Very creative roles (The U Penn Role tasted like a Hunan restaurant's take on spicy tuna). There were also some non-sushi yakitori, ramen and rice dishes for those who want non-fish options. The booz selection wasn't great, but I was happy they had a full bar. It will be part of our date night rotation.Although it's quite pricey for a tapas place, I really do enjoy the food here. My favorites are the salmon skin nachos, the Hawaiian poke, Spicy bowl, duck breast, and roasted cauliflower.Came to town looking for good sushi. Left town still looking for good sushi. It was s nice night to take a walk in the city . We were told Cozara had an outside 2nd floor deck. We made reservations for 9 pm. We were told that was the first available time, 
Upon arrival we noticed the restaurant was 1/2 full. When we checked in we asked about the 2nd floor deck. To our disappointment the outside deck was closed. They showed us a nice table on the 2nd floor. We ordered drinks and appetizers. The crab and braised beef dumplings we good. 
We ordered the sushi specials like the Drexel dragon and the UPenn roll. The pictures make the dishes look good. Don't be surprised by the lack of taste or flavor, we asked for wasabi as none is provided with your dish. They gave a small dollop you would think it was gold. We  have dined at Morimotos, the owner of this restaurant should go there to taste good sushi.My friend and I came here at peak lunch hour and we're very disappointed in the sushi. The only reason I gave 2 stars is because the staff was friendly. Our sushi was NOT fresh, the rice was hard and stale, and the shrimp tempura was barely even fried. Literally some of the worst sushi I've ever had. Maybe the dinner quality is better but I can't say much for the lunch.I came here with my best friend and we had the most wonderful lunch. Madi made my friend "literally the drink i've been waiting for my whole life" (aka Ginger Manhattan). Thanks Madi!! You are amazing at what you doCozara has good dinner menu, but the lunch menu is not good at all. I even asked the server if the chef has changed. 
For some reason, rolls and other menus are great in dinner time, but not in lunch. Mysterious.Went here for a family dinner, ordered tapas style cauliflower, okra, mushroom wantons, tuna and salmon sushi, truffle Brussels sprouts and the mushrooms with miso. Everything was terrific, the Brussels and mushrooms with miso being exceptionally good. Service and ambience were great as well, would definitely recommend for good food at a good price!We ordered from Caviar, everything just looked kinda sad. Puny portions tossed into too-big boxes so it looked like things were missing. I even counted the pieces of sashimi because they were so small- sure enough it did include 12 pieces but I've never seen pieces cut this small. 
I guess things tasted fine but nothing wowed me and I was more focused on the rip-off portions. Especially considering having to pay an $11 service and $5 delivery fee!The post from Fatima where a user named "Brian W" sent her a message. I had a similar experience with this manager named Brian at CoZara, could be the same person. 
Anyways, the food is overpriced and drinks are decent. However, the managers really take away everything CoZara has to offer. I'm talking about the rudest people i have EVER encountered in the restaurant world. 
There are a million other happy hour places including landmark that offer the same drinks and much better food. Don't ever visit this shit-hole until they fix the attitudes of the people working there. They have to realize that they're not the only one running business on the block.Great place for a quick bite. Fresh and delicious sushi - highly recommend the salmon avocado roll. Fun and trendy atmosphere with good service!Came for happy hour, which is downstairs only. Started off with fried shrimp shumai and a rice and beef bowl as our appetizers. We also got a green tea pom drink, which we both liked. The service was pretty slow, but that's because the one bartender was seemingly in charge of the entire downstairs. We got fried rice to share, and it was disappointing. I'm not sure what kind of sauce they put on it, but the rice was drenched in it (see pic), and it was very heavy. I wasn't a fan. A few of the shrimp had lots of shell left on them too. I'd probably be back to try to Sushi sometime!I have eat two times. The food is always terrible.
But they are not cheap! 
The environment is good and I love their Japanese design.
If you have to eat there, don't try their lemon ramen.I went here with a friend for dining days on a Friday at 6:30. Granted I was running a little late but my friend was there on time. We had a nice little table outside and ordered some drinks. After we ordered drinks about 30 minutes went by before someone came to take our order. Lots of servers walked by us and finally when someone asked if we wanted more drinks we said we wanted to order some food. I had the gyoza, the mushroom wontons, poke, and pork belly. Everything was good, but the gyoza and the wontons were deep fried. The poke was nice and refreshing. My friend had the scallops which were also deep fried. I love fried things as much as the next person, but this was a bit much. It also took another 45 minutes or so to get our entrees. We left the restaurant at 10pm. I don't understand why everything took so long. They did end up taking some of the drinks off the bill which is appreciated. I would like to go back but I wish there were more non-fried things and I hope the service improves.CoZara is probably not going to appeal to most people. Sure, there are mass-appeal items like the whole chicken yakitori and the steak tataki, but most people will probably skip the more adventurous items, such as the head-on shrimp, marinated raw octopus, fried anchovies, and hamachi collar. Chris W and I love to try the kinds of culinary delights that find their way in more cosmopolitan cities like Philly. CoZara takes a chance by presenting itself as a non-sushi Japanese restaurant. Will it succeed? I hope so. There's nothing else like it in Philly. I'm already familiar with Chef Zama's cuisine from his much-heralded Zama restaurant in Rittenhouse Square, home of many memorable meals. CoZara has the kinds of things that Zama would prepare for his special omakase meals. The head-on shrimp are not bad. Big and meaty, they don't taste like much even with their fried coating that's a bit too soft for my liking, as if the dish were sitting in a humid place for a while. Better soft shell shrimp can be had at a sushi spot like Fuji Mountain. The two slices of jalapeno provide much needed flavor to the dish, but there are six shrimp to two spice slices. The anchovies are very pungent and tasty. They remind me of small marinated sardines like the kind Morimoto served in one of my 23 omakase meals. The marinade includes sliced mushrooms and carrots. I actually enjoyed this Izakaya menu item. The wasabi flavor in the octopus was too overpowering, although the the quality of the octopus was on point. The kampachi collar reminded me of my first omakase at Zama, which was a very pleasurable experience (a subsequent collar at my second omakase was a bit too salty). I almost wish I could order a giant version of this collar. The homemade gyoza dumplings were pretty good, but nothing to write home about as better dumplings can be had from many non-Japanese establishments. The Ochazuke is a salmon and rice seafood broth that was very flavorful and full of nice little surprise textures, such as the toasted rice pellets, seaweed, and soft rice. The grilled rice ball isn't anything to write home about, either, as it is basically a pan-crisped ball of rice partially dipped in sauce. The sake selection has something for everyone, so give the ones that come in little cans a try. If you dare call yourself an adventurous foodie, you ought to give CoZara a try before they start making the menu more mundane for the boring, herd mentality souls that choose to give a place like Shake Shack five stars and call themselves a foodie.Tasty bites in a good atmosphere.  Spicy tuna not so spicy but the food is fresh and service is great.    Cauliflower appetizer is really good.  Will go backI had a california roll and hot saki which was enjoyable. The service was painstakingly slow however. I ordered a mint ginger mule and never received it. By the time we saw our waitress again, we were just beggining for the check. Maybe this is the type of service you receive when you are seated outside, but the check had to be walked inside to be paid just so that we could leave. The food my dinner mates received all smelled good and everyone stated that they enjoyed their orders. The only downside was the sloth-like service.I'll be honest -- in my four years at Drexel, I had always mentally lumped Cozara and the wine bar next door in together as swanky, pretentious restaurants that I could never afford on a student budget. So imagine my surprise when one of my friends dragged me here for happy hour and it was not only affordable and delicious, but super trendy as well!
The drinks were tasty and creative, the bar snacks were well-priced, and the vibe was hip and young without spiraling into the sleazy vibe that plagues so many other ucity spots. Our servers and all the other staff we interacted with were friendly and professional, and service was quick even during the happy hour rush.
It looked like they had an upstairs and outdoor seating -- definitely looking forward to checking that out when the weather cooperates!I came here with two friends late on a Thursday night, and were seated right away. Service throughout the meal was standard, nothing noteworthy but not at all bad. The two of them both had the seven fish chirashi bowl ($24), and I had a half-size seafood ramen ($11). It took a while for the food to come out and it didn't at the same time either. 
So the chirashi bowls upset one of my friends for two reasons: the wasabi was mixed into the rice and apparently not uniformly at that, and that the serving size was way too small for the price. The other felt that the rice was a little too hard, and also complained about the size of the bowl. But as for me, the seafood ramen was great. The egg was cooked perfectly, and there was a large assortment of seafood inside, from shrimp to calamari. It did bother me slightly that the bowl was so small, but it was a half order though the price wouldn't make you think so. 
All in all, the food really varies from dish to dish, but you can definitely find better options elsewhere. The sizes of the meals are hard to justify, and if it's really because this is Japanese tapas, then those prices aren't reasonable.Recently moved to U City and I have no idea why this does not have 4.5+ stars. I was enamored with everything on the menu; and then when I ordered--robust flavors! Everything that I have ordered has been savory with the right texture. They also do not skimp on the sake. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. This is my new spot for whenever I need a quick bite, date night meal, or some drinks with friends. Ask for Danielle.
Just do not go on a busy night.Well, if you like expensive prices (there is no way this is $$) coupled with small portions then this is your place.
I ordered the miso Cod, $26, and the portion is tiny (for some reason can't post picture).  I've ordered a similar dish from Zama and it was larger (and less expensive).
The food tasted great, but the price is expensive.  Add the fact they Caviar, which is not cheap ($15 before tip, +$5 tip) and you get a very expensive dinnerOrdered for delivery and was very disappointed! The portions were incredibly small for how much they charge, the menu was misleading, and the delivery and service fee was way overpriced! The quality of food did not match the high prices. I am not ordering from here ever again.As pretty much everyone else has said, their happy hour is awesome. Sometimes it can be a little slow, but seriously, what can you expect with $2 cocktails?
Went there for sushi the other night. My favorite thing was the Penn Roll (Chilean sea bass tempura?! Yes, please.) The fish was all very good quality, and the scallops were the best I've ever had. They practically melted in my mouth... not chewy at all.
My biggest complaint? The sashimi "chef's selection" had fake crab on it. What kind of self-respecting sushi chef hands out fake crab? Even Mizu doesn't pull that, and fake crab is one of their better fishes...I've been here a couple of times and so far it's been pretty good. I was torn between 3 and 4 stars but ultimately gave it 4 because of the friendly staff I've had both times. If you're a quantity over quality person then this may not be your cup of tea. The dishes are relatively small but are very tasty. Personally I'd recommend the duck it's awesome! 
The reason it'd give it 3 stars is because I feel like the portions are just too small for me. Overall besides a few dishes, I wasn't left with a "oh this is so delicious" feeling, very satisfied but not memorable.I enjoyed myself a lot at this restaurant. I tried pretty much all salmon in their menu and love all of them. Their sushi is decent but not that something special. I live in University City so it's so convenient for me to come here whenever I get lazy, and hungry.I have been quietly observing Cozara since it opened last year, and I have to say this place really deserves an A+ for effort. Yelpers asked for sushi, and sushi appeared on the menu. Yelpers remarked that the prices were too high, then prices dropped and the happy hour menu was introduced. To me, Cozara epitomizes what all restaurants should be - humble listeners willing to adjust to their customers while maintaining high quality.
The first time I went to Cozara, it was actually their soft opening. I tried many of the Japanese tapas items and liked almost all of them. I was so impressed that Cozara was able to execute dishes almost perfectly on a first attempt. Sure, there were a few things that I didn't like that night, namely the tsukune and fried oreo, but they were certainly off to a promising start as a brand new izakaya in University City.
While I definitely would not still call Cozara an izakaya after the many menu changes they've rolled out, I think Cozara has finally settled into the groove. The lunch menu, in particular, is a phenomenal deal. You can get oyakodon for just $9, unadon topped with avocado for $11, and a miso black cod bento for $13. The unagi has a nice bite to it and is not overly sweet because it is actually grilled in house. For the quality of food you are getting, the lunch prices at Cozara are outrageously affordable. 
My absolute favorite item to get here is the salmon ochazuke. This is a very homey Japanese dish that is essentially a bowl of rice and flaked salmon with green tea poured over the top. Whenever I am feeling under the weather, I head to Cozara to have this for my dinner. Their rendition is a bit elevated, as they use full-flavor seafood broth instead of plain green tea. It makes me sad that they only serve this for dinner.
There are some items I do not like at Cozara, but I won't get into it here since other Yelpers have already said it for me. Overall, Cozara is a great place to go for specifically lunch. Only if you have the money to splurge, I would try dinner too. Otherwise, you might find yourself aggravated if the few items you could afford were not to your liking.I met my friend here for a quick dinner here. The food is definitely better than average (I did not try any of their sushi but had ramen and veggie tempura and both were good). The piggy ramen (or something to that effect) was really good and the broth was not overpowering or too oily! The service was great and the place was clean, with good (if not too loud) background music as bonus!For a restaurant which I assumed to be very uppity, I was decently surprised by the down to Earth staff and their ability to relate and interact with their customers. 
They gave honest recommendations which were great. The food was fantastic! Although the portion size is so small, the flavor and taste of the food was great. 
I was very satisfied and thought that the money I spent was worth it for the product I got. Will definitely come back againSo I've only done Cozara for happy hour and, working at CHOP, it's a great spot of convenience for just that. We'd heard tell of $2 happy hour and realistically, if we had purchased one of everything, it still would've been only $42. That's a lot of things. As it was, we did try a smattering of goodies and beverages, some peaks and some just... meh.
The atmosphere is pretty snazzy, clean and bright, with a decent amount of outdoor seating. Our servers were initially attentive (for first order of drinks/food) and gradually a little less interested in us, but it DID get a little more crowded. These things happen. 
We tried the age harumaki (spring rolls, great crispness, tasty little dipping sauce), potato wave (literally just 5 light potato chips, but tasty and well-salted... still, $2 almost felt like a stretch?), the yakionigiri (grilled rice ball, nothing wrong with that), a tomato bacon skewer (bacon wrapped around 3 grape tomatoes, yum) and bacon wrapped asparagus (felt like the worst value, two of the tiniest chunks of asparagus wrapped in bacon on a skewer). All in all, the food averaged out to feel like a pretty a-ok deal, but nothing to write home about (other than the harumaki).
The cocktails were silly, so I had to try 3 of them. Lemonade Chu Hai (boozy lemonade), Drunken Emperor (red sangria) and Sloppy Sensei (white sangria). Didn't get too tipsy, but $6 for all three left me enjoying happy hour for almost TWO happy hours.
Co-ed bathroom hall (seeing this in more and more spots), and the inside looks pretty nice, but it was too nice of a day to spend much time in there.Was excited to try this place for the first time and I left before I even ordered anything. As soon as my table seat down the waitress had a horrible attitude. I had to ask her for a straw twice. When I asked the hostess about a question on the menu she wasn't sure and said she would send the waitress. She never came over. I felt completely uncomfortable and I refused to give my money to this establishment.  I will never go to this place after the rude service I experienced.First time being here a month ago. I was a bit surprised how expensive this place was, not because it is on a university campus. This restaurant does small plates - but not a very good selling point if the small plates are very small and quite pricey for what it is. 
I got the Mushroom Wonton and the Mushroom Mazeman. Both were good, a bit too much mushroom by the end, haha. If you want to get an actual meal sized portions, get the noodle dishes at the bottom- although its not a full meal- its definitely enough to fill you up. The Mushroom Mazeman is ramen, but without the soup. It was actually not that bad, and if I'm ever craving mushroom dishes, I'll come back for these items. I don't think I'll get anything else though- too pricey to even really try.Unreal food for a reasonable price. From the sushi to entrees everything has been great! Very friendly and knowledgeable waiters and waitresses. Easily top 3 sushi in the city.Stopped by for a quick lunch before my meeting nearby. I ordered the unagi bento box. Food came out relatively quick since it's not during the lunch rush anymore. The eel tasted good with truffle eel sauce. Miso soup was kinda watered down. Salad dressing was good. Their house pickles tasted too sour for my liking, and the rice looked like they were leftovers from other ppl (hopefully that's not the case). Service was not good. My waitress was cold and didn't stop by at all after I ordered. Overall, it's a yelp 3- star restaurant.This wonderful Japanese restaurant is a great addition to the neighborhood. Both lunch and dinner here are delightful and the happy hour specials are especially terrific. I love the miso soup and the braised short ribs. The Nutto Sumo is a great concoction -- Amaretto, Captain Morgan and sake.Really good idea, love small plates & tapas!
Was a little pricey and the small plates where the definition of small.
Shio Buta was pretty good.I like thé Rice bowl there, having ordered Una Don .  lunch set is a good deal. It would be bette if both miso soup and green salad are included in the meal set!Oh, I'm not going back here. I went to Cozara at noon on a Thursday with two friends. It was a cold, blustery winter day. It took effort to get here, so you can imagine we just wanted to eat. We got a table right away- awesome start.  However, we were there for a good 45 minutes and I was the only one to get my miso soup and calamari salad. We asked for the bill before our food came, and my two friends had to change their orders to "to-go." Not the end of the world, and not the first time this has happened to anyone ever, but for a seemingly regularly busy restaurant what the heck was the issue?? My friends ordered a Bento box and noodle soup- and we sat. and sat. and sat. My soup was fine, the salad was okay. Our server was very nice, but that can only carry you so far. Boy, that was too long to wait. I had to haul most of my salad back to work through the freezing cold and my calamari lost whatever heat it had. The salad got gross. 
One of my friends stayed behind because she was still waiting for her food when we had to go back to work. She said we got a nice refund, but it doesn't make me want to go back. I loved seeing my friends, but I did not love seeing them there.  
Will not return.This place had an interesting layout.  I noticed it was quiet for a Friday night but it could be because the nearby schools are out.  It was also easy for me to park on the street last night; I was surprised.  They had an interesting twist on Japanese food as we stuck to little plates.  I liked the Drexel inspired maki roll, very non-traditional.  The other items were pretty standard.  No complaints.  The servers were very nice.(3.5 stars) Cozara definitely isn't a bad option to have around. The food is solid (but can be somewhat pricey) and the decor and service are both on point. The standout thing is definitely the happy hour menu, which as an extensive list of small bites and cheap drinks. (It also has a $15 bucket of wings with a pitcher of yuengling option, which sounds incredible, but for some inexcusable reason, still have yet to have.)
Though many of the happy hour bites are good, they are particularly small (especially the salmon and tuna rice bowls), and the bill can add up quickly. The highlights though would have to be the fried chicken bao bun (a must, maybe even get two), the shrimp shumai, and the mini gyu don.Went their today when I saw my friends sitting at a table. The waitress makes last rounds for happy hour. She than proceeds to tell me that she cannot open a new person for happy hour and that my friend could not get an appetizer for happy hour only a drink. Seemed pretty rude considering that it was still happy hour.Great food, amazing service, horrible manager. Would never go back due to the way we were treated by the manager. 
We were continually told we received food we were charged for when we didn't get said food. What happened to "the customer being right?"
All this over a $3.50 sashimi plate.If you haven't been here yet-you're totally missing out!! The beef was cooked perfectly as was the duck, chicken and lamb! We tried the ginger salad with and w/o avocado-fresh greens with a mix of colorful leaves. The pepper wings were fantastic, as was the tuna collarbone "wings of the sea"-a surprising twist on the wing idea with a super tender, smokey, flaky flesh. We couldn't stop thinking about them all weekend! The mushroom dumpling was so freaking delicious, earthy with a crispy wonton exterior & a sauce I wanted to lick off the plate. The service was superior & the whole place is a feast for the eyes! I'm wracking my brain trying to figure out what party I can have upstairs in the gorgeous "shogun room" with a huge Japanese mural & private wood screen doors. Next time we will try the patio upstairs, it's red lanterns are calling my name...ok, it's the food, (did I mention bacon wrapped cherry tomatoes?) but the ambiance is a close second. When you go, get the Zama sake!!! It's got a light plum flavor and is hands down the best sake I've ever tasted! The small plates made sharing super fun but the roller coaster ride of flavors familiar AND new is why I will go back to Cozara AGAIN & again!!Portions are small, food is expensive, and it's not very traditional if you you're a white college kid it should be fine for you.My second visit to Cozara after a first really good experience.  Can you believe it was even better the second time around?  Thanks to Jimmy, the manager, and our server (darn his name escapes me, young, good-looking male, good spirit and helpful).
Anyhow, it's about the food right..... come hunger, come with friends and stay and enjoy stepping out of reality for a while.
We started with the red dragon roll and a spicy crunchy tuna roll, both so fresh and full of flavor; however, the dragon roll for me was the winner of the 2.  And talk about a plated presentation, WOW.
My wife and I then shared an order of the Pork Gyoza, steamed with Chili Soy; was okay, wouldn't get again.  Just didn't have the wow factor.
The large fat pig ramen-- pork belly, black garlic oil, soft egg--- on the other hand, was a solid winner. We so very enjoyed the full flavor.  
We will be back again next time in that part of Philly.Can be hit or miss with high prices either way. I got a rice and pork bowl here and it was slimy. The service is nothing special or memorable. The sushi is expensive and I recommend going elsewhere if you're in the mood for raw fish.Horrible, horrible food poisoning. You've been warned!  If you have doubts, check the public records of their many errors in health inspections, which are now documented and publicly available through the Philadelphia health department. 
We went here on March 5, 2016, and we shared vegetable tempura. About five to six hours later, we both became very sick with the same symptoms. They were the typical symptoms of food poisoning, and I won't list them here. We filed a complaint with Philadelphia's Health Department. We were very sick for 36 hours, to the point that we almost went to the hospital.
It's truly a shame to write this review, because I went to this place twice before getting food poisoning, and my other experiences were good. But it's absolutely not worth it to return. I've told many people about the incident. Unfortunately Philadelphia's health department historically has not had a lot of power. For everyone's sake, I hope Cozara will clean up its act.