Crabby's is a really good seafood place in the NE. Outside it seems a bit sketchy and plain, but inside it is a cozy, casual place. We got snow crab legs and crawfish, and it was soo good. The sauce that was in the bag was amazing and compliments the seafood really well. It was a shame we went when it wasn't crawfish season and was only offering frozen crawfish. Still, it was really tasty.
Other than seafood, we also got Crabby wings and it was soooo good too. I was really conflicted with what to fill myself up with. The wings were juicy and tender inside and was nicely dry on the outside. It's not the bad kind of dry, but the kind where the skin is tight across the meat with flavorful sauce infused into it.
We also got an "order" of rice each. We were given a little circular tub that was mayble 1/4th of the way filled. I'm not sure why it was so little but it was only around six spoonfuls.
It's a bit expensive, but hey, it's good tasting seafood.
As a side note, please don't waste money on the expensive dungeness crab... you will get really, really little for a pound. Instead you should spend that only two more pounds of snowcrab legs.I can see why this place was always empty. Their oyster was so small and they're charing $2 an oyster. It looks nothing like the picture people be posting on Yelp. The fresh crawfish was $13.99/pound and their main crabby house sauce was so thick and had no Cajun seasoning in it. Don't waste your money trying this place. Over priced and don't taste good.Ever since I've tasted the delicious sauce here, I've become addicted. No matter where I go, nobody makes the Cajun seafood sauce like Crabbys. The mussel marinara is also to die for. Very different from the marinara sauce that you'll taste at a typical Italian restaurant, but very flavorful. They are one of the very few places that have live crawfish.Omg so fresh! So amazing ! So close to home ! This is a must eat spot! Wait is long but it's worth every minute.Some acquaintances kept mentioning this place so I decided to check it out back in September 2013. They knew a relative of one of the owners or something so they went there a lot. After my visit I left wondering what the buzz was all about. I had 2 lbs. of crawfish with Crabby Café Cajun seasoning and corn, potato, and sausage. Everything came out in one plastic bag which I wasn't expecting nor would have preferred. There were only a few slices of sausage, two potatoes and two pieces of corn (not even whole ears).
We also had the chicken tender basket, Crabby Asian Wings, and pho tai.
Crawfish: The seasoning is not good. I've heard people raving about it and was expecting something great. I'm not a chef so I can't describe the flavors but it sucks, for lack of a better word. I've been to New Orleans before and the seasoning did not remind me of any Cajun food I had there. There was a lot of garlic (I do like garlic so that wasn't an issue) and a salty taste. The crawfish themselves were OK. I don't particularly enjoy picking for my food but even if I did like crawfish, the seasoning just ruined it.
Pho tai: My guest said that this was decent and the broth didn't have a lot of fat in it (not sure if that was good or bad).
Crabby Asian Wings: Nothing special here. If they were trying to make Korean-style wings like those at Café Soho or the like, they failed.
Chicken tender basket: It came with fries and took forever to come out. It looks like these were just frozen food and not made in house, which I don't mind because I enjoyed this more than the crawfish. But it took forever for them to bring this out. How long does it take to grab some fries and chicken from the freezer and toss them in the deep fryer? There were maybe 10 customers in the entire restaurant at the time and a bunch of staff, so I don't know what took so long.
I wouldn't be surprised if this place goes out of business in a year after all the referrals from friends and family dry up (I think most of the 4 and 5 star reviews were from them). Neither I nor any of my guest plan to eat here again.I was bummed they ran out of pho and fresh crawfish. Got the frozen Cajun crawfish for only 7.99 a lb. If you get two lbs they add corn, potatoes, and sausage. (My order had no sausages, two red potatoes, and three corn which I was charged extra for). We got the oysters which had some ave size to tiny sized ( about half your thumb, couldn't believe they would put that on the plate). We got the Asian wings which was good but overwhelmingly salty to the point where it wasn't desirable. Tone down the fish sauce in the seasoning and these would be banging. Then I got fries and the Cajun wing (these wings were so tiny compare to the whole Asian wings). Prob can do without it. Overalls I gave it 4 stars bc this place has potential. I would prob wait until everything is in season for seafood.. Huge taste difference from fresh to frozen. I would just come back for the crawfish and oysters.I love this place! Super nice waitresses. Love the pho and clams!!! I would eat here everyday but my boyfriend will get hungry within the hour. A little pricey but it's worth it.Cute place that just opened. Make sure you bring company you like cause peeling crawfish takes forever. The crawfish were perfectly seasoned, medium was the perfect level of spice that allowed the seasoning shine yet still had a kick. The fries were also awesome, crispy and delicious. A great find!Both service and food were great. Fresh Crawfish was not in season, but it was still good. We ordered 1/2 lb each of shrimp and clam with lemon butter sauce and crawfish and snow crab with cajun spice.  Iced coffee goes great with spicy food. We will be back when fresh crawfish are in season - spring and summer.I'm keeping this place at 4 stars for a few reasons (see below), but the food itself has definately increased to 5 Stars.
Crawfish sauce is now AMAZING!!! My party last night was slirping away at the sauce, putting it on everything. I'm glad they don't make the sauce as thick as they used to. You don't see the butter getting all hard bc it's so thick and you don't walk away from the place feeling like ur heart is clogged with tons of fat. Corn in the crawfish is still frozen, but it's not really corn season now so I can't blame them for using frozen corn, but when corn season rolls back around, I do expect them to use fresh! Sausage - MmmMmMMMMM!!! My party was claiming the sausage before the bag was even torn apart.
Mussels - HUGE!! I don't think I've ever seen mussels so large. They were on steroids. HEHE. I didn't eat any bc I'm not a fan of mussels, but my party said it was DE-Li-CIOUS.
Crabby Asian Wings - Same as usual and still yummy.
Oysters - OH, it's still the best thing ever!
Now the reason why I'm keeping this place at 4 stars is because they no longer accept Credit cards. I never carry cash on me, so it kinda sucked when we had to go hit up an ATM just to eat here. For it being a seafood place, obviously checks get pretty high up there. I don't know of many Philly people that carry that much cash on them. Also, they no longer have their $1 Oyster HH. Our party rushed to get here before 6 just to find out they no longer had it. :-( So so sad!
Will I be back?! YES SIR! Food is just soooo gooooooodddddd.Great seafood at a great price!! My friends and I got the junior bucket with Cajun sauce, the alligator bites, and some raw oysters. I have to say, having never been to a restaurant like this, it was really fun You basically just have to eat with your hands, and it can get a bit messy. (Might not be the perfect date spot, but definitely great for family and friends.) The staff was also super friendly! Our waitress was probably the best server I've met in a while. (She even drew a crab on our receipt, haha.) You get your own bib, and can really dig into the seafood. The junior bucket came with sausage, corn, a potato, crawfish, shrimp, and clams. The Cajun sauce was very buttery and well seasoned. We came at a good time because they had just started offering the bucket deals! The raw oysters were super fresh and smooth. We also decided to be adventurous and try the alligator. The gator bites were a bit pricey, but also quite good. It came with the signature "Yum Yum" sauce and seasoned fries. The meat itself was a bit gamey and fishy, as expected from alligator meat. Definitely an experience! Crabby Cafe knows their seafood. A true gem of the Northeast!I don't know what the heck everyone else is talking about, but this place is not what everyone is making it out to be. I was so excited to come here....my kids, husband and I love seafood. So, I was craving crab legs and my husband saw reviews and thought this place sounded perfect. We walked into an empty restaurant and were greeted by a girl telling us to sit anywhere.  She brought menus over and then left us sitting there for a good 15-20 minutes while she stood at another table painting. I walked up to the counter thinking maybe we needed to order at the counter but she said she takes our order. We ordered 2 orders of crawfish, a catfish basket, calamari basket, 1 lb. Of Shrimp and a lb. Of snow crabs. The fish came first which my kids did enjoy. The rest arrived and as we started eating, it was all just blah. Very bland, plain, and I wished we would have just ran to ACME and had them steam the crabs. Definitely not worth the $17.99 a lb. for snow crab legs. So disappointed because judging by the other reviews we thought we hit the jackpot.  If you're looking for some tasty seafood check out Gallo's.I had not dine in here yet, but did take-out here 2 times already. We ordered the crawfish and mussels. The sauce was very tasty and addicting. To sum up how awesome the sauce was, I made some rice and poured the remaining sauce on it and finished it. The owners are very friendly and inviting. This is a must stop.The timing for Crabby Cafe was perfect. There have been attempts at crawfish places in philly before but they failed miserably because many people from the area just never knew the delight in enjoying a properly prepared crawfish. Finally, when people started getting introduced into these yummy mudbugs, Crabby Cafe was finally opened. 
I've had crawfish on the west coast in SoCal as well as Houson (with my favorite in this little asian food court in Houston). And since I can't travel to those places on a weekly basis, I headed to Crabby Cafe. 
The crawfish were smothered, almost drowned in this sludge of sauce. In my preference, I hate crawfish that has this sludge-like covering the crawfish. I need the flavor to be IN the crawfish tail, and IN the head when I suck the juices out. I don't want to lick the shell to taste the flavor. But since it was still pretty yummy, I excused the ridiculously messy meal. 
Snow crab legs were pretty good, but expensive (I usually go to the All You Can Eat snow crab legs at Chickie's & Pete's on wednesday nights). The chicken tenders and fries (I ordered for my niece) was crap but she's a kid so she ate it. Some friends ordered the Crabby wings and said they were pretty good but I myself didn't eat them. The shrimp was bland but the sausages I ordered in the shrimp was good. I didn't have the oysters but people really rave about them, so if that's your thing I guess this is the place to go for that.
Pretty yummy. It satisfies my crawfish cravings but it's not comparable to what I've had in good ol' Texas...... Towards the end of the season, they've been really inconsistent. One time, crawfish was sort of pink with white spots as opposed to the bright red they should be. Some times a good bunch of crawfish is bland. Plus I think they're being cheap with sausages and corn and with limes for my dipping sauce.Went here the other night since a friend lives in the North East Area.  Solid food, pleasant staff, and relaxing environment.  Prices were extremely reasonable and I'd definitely return.  Word on the street has it that they're opening in Northern Liberties shortly as well so all of us downtown area people can get our fix on.  There's I believe no other Cajun inspired cuisine in Philadelphia.My new favorite seafood spot. I am addicted to the crawfish and that terrific sauce.  They should bottle it!Amazing seafood and pho.  I go for the crawfish and the crabby sauce which you can't get any where else!  The owner is also very nice.This in a small cozy little place with big flavor! Great staff as well. I've been here 3 times in one week because it THAT good! If you love seafood and isn't afraid of getting down and dirty, this is definitely a spot I would recommend. I've had the crawfish, clams, and my fave snow crab legs here all in the crabby Cajun spicy sauce! Yum!whatelse can I say about this place beside perfect? At least this is my first crawfish spot found in Philly and it has more tastes than regular cajun.Both items we ordered were delicious.... Was looking for something similar to boiling crab on the west coast and finally found it....the garlic butter spicy shrimp and the lemon Cajun burning crab were great and it was good to be able to dip in both sauces in the bags.  
Parking was free after 6 which was great as well and easy to find 8pm on a Saturday
Will be backThis place rocks. The crawfish and clams are so taste. One of my other favorites is the mussles!!I was so surprised to find a location like this in the NE. I have lived here for a while and never knew it existed! The seafood was very fresh and flavored very well. Service was great too. A good place to go with a bunch of friends that don't mind eating things with their hands!I was surprisingly pleased with this place. It's small, about 4 sections big enough for groups, but they also separate for smaller tables too. It's also BYOB. They roll out a long roll of paper to cover the tables, give you water, menus and a bib for everyone. The menu is pretty small. The prices for the seafood are on the board above the bar. You can pick a sauce for your seafood, and they'll prepare it. You order them by the pound, or with the oysters, you order a certain quantity. 
For a table of 10, we ordered 2 lbs of clams, 2 lbs of crawfish, 20 oysters 2 orders of asian chicken wings and a lb of snow crab legs. Though this was clearly not enough for the 10 of us, it was plenty. We did end up ordering 2 orders of fried calamari, and 2 lbs of clams. We got the lemon butter crawfish and the cajun crawfish. The lemon butter crawfish wasn't that great.. the cajun crawfish was pretty good. The lemon butter crawfish tasted better when we dipped it in the cajun sauce. We also got the cajun clams, and it was so good and it was flavorful. The snowcrabs were good, but nothing really stood out about them. 
Their asian chicken wings are really good. We got the not so spicy one, but it was spicy, so beware about that. We ordered 2 more orders towards the end of our dinner, but the waitress said they were out of them. 
The oysters looked good. I've never had oysters, but i didn't like it. I can't really rate the oysters since it was my first time. 
Fried calamari? EH. Skip it. They were so thin, we thought they were onion rings. I think they were asian style with no sauce... it did come with fries, tartar sauce and ketchup.
The service was great. I know it was a bit busy, but they did do a good job with filling our water and making sure we were good. 
The only con about this place is the location. It's so far from me, I Don't know if i'd go here again unless I'm in the area. 
MUST TRY; Cajun Crawfish; Cajun Clams; Asian Wings
SKIP; Snowcrab legs (since the other were SO much better than this. It's not bad tho i would spend less money on this and more on the crawfish and clams and even oysters)
DON'T TRY; Fried CalamariSo I finally get to check this place out after reading all the great reviews.   I got there early since I've read from other reviews that the place is small and gets crowded.  Got there around 4:30pm and was immediately seated as we were the only ones there. 
We ordered the Crabby Pho Special and 2 lbs of cajun crawfish.  The server informed me that the live crawfish didn't make it out to them today so they were only serving frozen crawfish.  I thought what the heck I'm sure the sauce will make it good.  I was disappointed as you can tell.  The sauce did not have the kick I was anticipating, kinda bland really. I was comparing them to Boiling Crab in Houston and Boat House in Brooklyn as I was thrilled to hear of a crawfish place near my house!  The Pho was okay too, broth was a little sweet.
I will go back and try the fresh crawfish next time and hopefully be a local diner there.Excellent seafood place. Serving is a lot for the price they charge.  Lots of sauce!!! I love this place so much we're definitely going back!Its looks like crawfish is fresh. But the day that I went to the restaurant, they are like so busy. And the crawfish like not well done and corn was uncooked. And before you check out, make sure check the list of your bill.This place was all that!!! Me and my husband came here on a random vibe wanting some seafood. Boy am I glad we came! He ordered the crawfish with regular Cajun seasoning and I got the spicy. When I tell you the sauce is like a drug you don't want to get off of I mean it. Even after we finished I wanted to drink the sauce by itself lol. The seafood was cooked to perfection. If you only order a pound of the seafood of choice I would definitely add potatoes and corn to it. This is hidden gem and it needs to be discovered!This place is pretty small, but if you come early enough with your group, you'll get a table. The sauce they combine with their seafood is amazing. I wasn't too fond of the spicy cajun because it was too spicy for me, but if you love the kick, go for it! The regular cajun sauce I had with the shrimp was delicious! It was sweet, garlicky, and buttery, with a bit of seafood flavors from the shrimp. I think I would've sopped it all up if they had bread to go with our meal. My group also shared the spicy crawfish (frozen) which I wasn't really a fan of because it tasted too fishy/seafoody. Maybe the fresh crawfish would have been different. We also ordered the cajun wings which meh; they may have accidentally been a heavy with the salt when the made the batter.
I'd come back again because I think we meant to try the Crabby wings, but ordered the wrong wings. Plus, I really enjoyed the regular cajun sauce on the shrimps. I'm not sure if I'd order pho here, just cause it was a bit pricier than the pho i'd get in south philly and I figured their specialty should be seafood.Over priced...  ok food..  The way the food is presented is lame.  the side items were over priced and average.  
I could buy the same food and the supermarket and make better.I am originally from Philly, but relocated to Houston, Tx, and gotten accustomed to their happy hour, having crawfish and beer... Tasted every crawfish restaurant up and down Bellaire Blvd. This Crabby Cafe, hits the spot, on how crawfish should be. And the Pho is not bad at all! A must visit, in the northeast area. From listening to 80's freestyle and hot friendly staff this place does it, right.I have gone to this location about 3 times and have ordered from this location to-go more than a handful of times.  
This place is primarily a humble "hands-on" seafood type of restaurant.  You will most likely going to get down and dirty from peeling shrimps, crawfish, crab legs, and mussels slathered in thick sauce apart, unless you're getting the pho or po' boy sandwiches (only available at the Northern Liberties location).  You'll receive a bib and a roll of paper towels to wipe off your hands.
A great thing about this place is that they let you know when they have live seafood or frozen seafood. If I recall correctly, they'll charge less if it is not live.  
I have had their crawfish and shrimp in the lemon and garlic sauce, mild, and spicy, which comes in a bag in a bucket.  Personally, I recommend the mild/spicy sauce over the lemon and garlic sauce.  The sauce is thick and packed with flavor and soaks in well with the crawfish meat.  You may also order additional corn on the cob, sausages, and potatoes with your pound(s) of seafood as well, which isn't costly.
The Crabby Cafe wings are delicious as well.  Very flavorful as the sauce used is composed of fish sauce.  Sounds weird but the flavor works.  
I also had their mussels cooked in both marinara and white wine.  I recommend the white wine.  
Service is great; I haven't had a problem yet.NE Philly is changing and with that change, the addition of wonderful Asian restaurants such as the Crabby Cafe. Crabby Cafe serves Vietnamese style cajun seafood boil. For those unfamiliar,  you have missed out. Your choice of seafood is drenched in this garlicky,  buttery sauce spiced with cajun spices and served hot in a plastic bag.  This is an all hands, finger licking experience where anything goes.
Crabby Cafe has available crawfish (fresh or frozen), you-peel-shrimp (heads on or off), snow crab legs,  king crab legs, clams, and mussels.  Seafood was good but the sauce did not blow me away.  It's ok but missing the BAM that other Vietnamese places have seemed to discover. Order 2 lbs of crawfish and they'll throw in a couple of sad slices of hot dog tasting sausage/kielbasa, a medium sized potato,  and a tiny corn. 
The clear winner of the night was the mussels in marinara sauce. The mussels were plump though a few were gritty, tossed in a spicy marinara sauce that was good enough to drink.
Other than seafood,  you can order cajun chicken wings, Asian style chicken wings,  chicken tenders, or pho. We liked the cajun wings a lot better than the Asian wings because it had a nice spicy crunch. The Asian wings were just too nummy and sweet for my preference.  A definite must order is the cajun fries. Trust me, crinkle fries doused with cajun spices, yes please! 
Service was pretty good. We realized it was BYOB after we arrived and the ladies were kind enough to point us to the nearest store.  They pretty much let us go at our meal and checked in to refill our water glasses. 
Overall a really nice addition to the neighborhood.  It's nice to have a go to place for seafood that isn't deep fried. At $20-30 pp, not a wallet drainer either.
WARNING: No plates, no utensils, no credit cards.I love getting crawfish from here! It's so fresh and the sauce is so flavorful!!!! It's so good that bring it home to eat it with my white rice! Not only does the food taste banging but the workers are super friendly and personable! One time my car wouldn't start and he helped jump my car in the freezing cold! He told me to sit in the car and wait because it was so cold but I felt bad so I stood out there with him lol. 
I always get the crawfish bucket w spicy sauce.. it's so good!!!I love the crawfish and shrimp here. The sauces are amazing and the food here is definitely worth it. I prefer takeout but eating in here is good too. I definitely recommend this place.If you don't mind getting messy and love seafood, then Crabby Cafe may be worth your time. The menu does not offer a whole lot to choose from besides seafood. However, they do have some appetizers like wings and fries and also offer a couple options for pho.
You can't go wrong with any of the seafood options - except maybe frozen crawfish (always get live). The seafood is cooked perfectly and the crabby Cajun sauce (regular and spicy) is so delicious and addictive!
The pho is disappointing. It comes in a giant bowl that's pretty much all soup and they're always out of some component and have to sub in other ingredients. Speaking of missing ingredients, they always seem to be out of something. In my most recent visit, it was potatoes for the crawfish boil, beef for the pho, and blue crabs. For such a small menu, they really shouldn't be out of anything.
In terms of service - I guess it's hit or miss. I've experienced great service - genuinely friendly and attentive. But the last time I was there, our server/only person working the front of the house (a girl with blond hair) was rude and impatient.
So in short, get the crabby cajun sauce, skip the pho and prepare to get messy!Service is meh. Food is meh. We ordered crawfish, shrimp, sausage, corn, cajun fries and a cup of rice. Cajun fries were decent. The rest... meh. Flavor lacked something pretty significant compared to other cajun/vietnamese crawfish restaurans. The rice... a day or two old dried up rice came in a styrofoam cup. I had two toddlers with me and they had a very difficult time chewing the dried up rice, let alone spoon it up. It was sad considering this place categroized itself as vietnamese - what asian restaurant sells dried up rice?!For a state that isn't known much for their seafood, this little gem in northeast Philly is a must go place, if you're into oysters, clams and amazingly/Viet-ish flared crawfish and crabs seasoning. 
I went here with my brother a couple of weeks ago, we ordered one pound of Cajun style crawfish, one pound of snow crab legs, their fried clams and a side of fries. 
The atmosphere was small but cozy. A little small, but big enough to not feel cramped. For a place that just open recently, it was packed and I must say, the hype of this new place was worth the drive from center city.
Reviews from my brother, a person who loves his Virginia/Washington DC seafood joints, he said this was the place to go for the best tasting seafood with no help needed from extra order of butter (that has a unique taste and was worth the extra 50cents charge). 
Over all. My brother and I were stuffed and satisfied. Paying about 50$ with tip.
If you're around the area and craving seafood. This place will hit the spot. Guaranteed.If you're from the west coast like me and looking for some boiling crab style seafood boil then you should definitely check this place out. Yes this is the type of place where you peel your own food, but that's part of the fun! We got the mild special sauce with our food and it was pretty bomb! The mild spicy level was perfect for me. We had 1 lb of crawfish and 1 lb of shrimp with Cajun fries, which came out to be like $35. The crawfish were fairly big too so I didn't feel like I was eating nothing. It's a cozy place and wasn't packed on a Friday evening. Will definitely be back again!First time trying this place,  it's a little unassuming at first glance,  I got take out with a mixture of many different items, but the crab leg boil with crabby sauce and shrimp, corn, potatoes and clams with crawfish are whats going to have me coming back soon,  very tasty and plentiful,  great job. ...Seafood lovers unite! They have fresh and frozen options, though the fresh options may not be available by the evening. Also, the price differences are pretty significant based on the seafood quality. This specific location is less visited than in Chinatown and Northern Liberties. We ordered the cajun chicken wings and were met with really crispy, dry chicken. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't terrible but it wasn't the most appealing wings that I have eaten. We got 1lb of shrimp and the Captain's bucket or something like that. We did get a mild cajun flavor so that might be the reason why the cajun flavor wasn't as flavorful. 
They give you bibs and rolls of paper towels so you can get your hands dirty and not worry about ruining your clothes. Overall, I can say that I tried crabby cafe.So, we came here because of all the hype about their craw fish and IG pictures that looked so good!  When we got there it was a wait because the place itself is pretty small, which is OK we didn't mind waiting.  Once seated, we knew exactly what we wanted - craw fish- so we ordered 2lbs each and half a dozen of oysters as appetizers.  The oysters were delicious! I would definitely recommend them to all the oyster lovers, they were pretty fresh and was literally gone in 60 seconds because it was so good lol.
The craw fish, on the other hand, was... ehhhhh OK.  I think because I've had better at Hot 'n' Juicy that this craw fish was just whatever to me. I don't know why but for some reason I thought they would be something like Hot 'n' Juicy (silly me!) which kind of disappointing because we need something like Hot 'n' Juicy in Philly!  I haven't tried anything other than the craw fish and oyster so maybe next time it'll be better,,,? 
Recommend? Yes, definitely an experience and there are probably other foods you'll like!
Place- It's cute seafood decor, small and hot (the day we went i guess the AC broke? Idk, but it felt like I was eating and losing weight at the same time just sweating).
Check it out!Tonight was my third time visiting the Crabby Cafe and I still haven't been disappointed ! The staff is always polite and friendly and the food is always great. I always get the same thing, crawfish with extra sausage and corn in their special spicy sauce-which is addictive might I add. I've never been dissatisfied. On my first visit I got the pho I forget which one but I enjoyed it although it isn't really good after reheating.We have a special place in our heart for southern crawfish boils and this allowed us to have a taste of something like home. The place is small and a little awkward the first time but the AMAZING Cajun seasoning and fresh seafood make up for that. This is a place to go, don't question yourself and bring plenty of cash cause you may eat more than you expect!Great and tasty crawfish! Which is just around the corner...
We ordered snow crabs, crawfish and clams and it was extremely tasty...
Next time.. We will try Pho and oysters!!!!!!Great staff! Very friendly, great music.. But they could turn it down just a tad. I've been there a couple of times. The crawfish was amazing! I always order it when I go there.  
I've tried the shrimp there... Let's just say my stomach wasn't too happy... It was too mushy and very bland.. No taste. I'm not sure if its suppose to be that way or not but all I know is that I will never order it again.. 
The place is small, but it's all good. There's no parking lot but I usually just park on Longshore st to avoid the meter. Next time I go there I will try there oysters! Let's hope I won't be disappointed!Love the ambience... Great place to meet with friends and drink and eat. The service was great but the seafood was fresh and delicious.Service was good, but I do not know what's the hype with the crawfish.  I tried it, and don't think I will get them again.  Maybe because I am not a seafood person.  I prefer their Cajun chicken wings and fries instead.Crabby cafe has the best scenery for eating a nice seafood dinner! The muscles in the red sauce are so good! And the shrimp and clams are also my favorite especially with the crabby mild sauce, so tasteful and delicious! The bucket packages are great deals when I'm in the mood for different things, like crawfish and shrimp or shrimp and crabs. I always get the fried catfish to start with the Cajun fries and that yum yum sauce that everyone loves! The service is wonderful everyone is so friendly and welcoming, overall this place is definitely somewhere everyone needs to try (:This is probably the only place in Philly that you can get crawfish by the lb seasoned. Other places are the buffets...which suck! Oh...and def the only place you can order Pho with crawfish too! Lol
Crawfish is on the small side and the crabby cafe sauce is a tad on the thick side. But overall, it had a good taste to it. The corn it comes with tastes frozen. For coming in the summer time, they should get some fresh corn (as it's probably cheaper for them and tastes so much better). 
Oysters...AMAZING!! OMG, the meat is nice and plump and oh so delicious. I would come here just for that. During their HH, the oysters are $1 each. 
Crabby wings...also soooo good. Nice and crispy and full size wings. They even include the wing tips (which is my husband's fav part of a wing)
Pho...not sure on my end, but my sister did not like it at all. She said it was too sweet.
I will be back for sure, but prob not until crawfish season rolls around again bc the crawfish is starting to look like ants.The waitress was really kind and helpful. The crawfish were extremely small and all soggy. The clams and shrimp were amazing though. Good drink special as well during happy hour times. Will repeat hopefully the crawfish are bigger next time.We ordered a few various things off of the menu. He mussels were really great, the clams however were so chewy I chewed and chewed and had to just politely spit them into a napkin. You get a fun apron, I guess that's great,Don't go there if ur muslim they cook seafood with pork me and my wife was about a heart attack when a pork sausages in it so its not good for us muslims to eat take heedCrabby's Cafe is our favorite bar in NLibs. My husband and I live in the Piazza and often time stop by to grab a drink. We play cornhole on Tuesday and they always have a rocking crowd. Their wings are FANTASTIC a personal favorite. But even more so then the food and drinks it's truly the staff that make this place our favorite neighborhood watering hole.  Jordan & Jackie are the best bartenders always a fun night with lots of laughs and they keep us coming back for more. If you have not been I highly recommend you stop by for Moscow Mules (in the copper mug) and chicken wings! You won't be disappointed.After all the hype I heard about this place I finally had the chance to try it. All I can say was that it isn't worth the hype. The food barely had any Cajun flavor. I love seafood so I still enjoyed the meal especially since its acceptable to eat with my hands but other than that I was unimpressed and disappointed.Great place in the area for fresh seafood hands down! The marinade options are all very delicious and everything comes out hot and fresh which normally takes about 15min. They have their market prices daily on their chalkboard sign upfront (by the pound or dozen) and staff have always been nothing but friendly and helpful. They also state whether crawfish is fresh or frozen so you know what to expect with no surprises. The bill for two usually racks up high (~$70-80) but that is somewhat expected for seafood establishments.
Crabby Cafe also serves vietnamese dishes such as Pho, and although i cannot vouch for it, seems to be ordered a good amount of the time by other patrons.
I would be cautious bringing in small kids or family here at night but i am saying this subjectively: every time i have frequented here (4-5xs), there always seemed to be a "rowdy" table (frequent cursing, yelling, stomping) which can be distracting/bothersome while eating.
I took off a star for the reason being that its cash only which can be an inconvenience. Otherwise, i would def recommend to anyone in the area!Yes, it has taken me some time to return to Crabby's but hey, there's  a limited amount of time and there are so many restaurants to try! 
So there I was, on a quiet Monday, with a serious oyster and crawfish craving when I remembered just how succlent theirs were the first time we were there and off we went. 
Not only did they not dissapoint, they surpassed! In addition, and to my surprise, while the restaurant did have music playing, it was subdued enough to have a conversation without screaming. Nice.
Of course we ordered a dozen or so oysters first. I can't even describe just how perfect these are. I haven't seen this kind of  freshness and preperation in a whole lot of places in Philly.
Next course was a bowl of pho. Huge and more than enough for at the very least, 3 people. I usually ask if cilantro is going to be used and I actually forgot to this time. While it was good, and I take total responsibility for this, I hate cilantro.  While the broth was tasty and not too heavily salted, it did have torn cilantro. I took it out and moved on.
Lets talk about the Crabby cajun crawfish. Awesome....lick your fingers....drink the remaining sauce....good! I brought kitchen shears to cut the shells which our server got a chuckle out of. She then showed me how to pinch the head and pull the meat out. 
I still like my shears and they still have plastic forks but you know what? The food is so good, I'll deal with it!
We'll be back soon.There seafood is amazing, fresh and delicious. The service was great and the environment was very mellow. I would give them 5 stars but we ordered the chicken tenders and the chicken was still raw. We were very upset because our kids were the ones eating the chicken. We did tell them and they did replace it but this is a great disappointment because poultry should never be served raw. Other than that the seafood was good.Friday lobster rolls are a rip off, very little lobster for the price.  Otherwise, everything else was good.Food:  The oyster we got was a little on the small end but every fresh and sweet.  We also got snow crab legs and shrimp in Crabby Cajun and regular Cajun sauce.  Finger-licking good!  The shrimps are kinda hard to peel cause the shell is mushed and stick to the meat.  I also order some shrimp to take home for my husband.  Even worst!  I could peel the shrimps at all and the texture of the shrimp is just not pleasant.  DO NOT ORDER TAKE OUT.  HAVE TO EAT THERE!
Service:  There were two ladies there.  At first, they kept staring at us and came to the table to take our order.  I really don't appreciate the rush.  But after the food arrived, they never came to the table again.  They didn't clean the table or give us the check until I waved them down.  I find it somewhat odd.
Environment:  The dinning room is fairly small with about 10 tables.  Definitely kids friendly.  Great for a casual family and friends get together.  If you are looking for a romantic/intimate experience, this the definitely not the restaurant for it.
Tip:  It's a little place at the corner with a small sign on a tiny door.  It's very easy to miss.  I didn't have problem finding street parking (cause I went right after the snow) but I can see it being a problem protentially.This place is your go to place for seafood. I went here a couple of weeks ago and I order the crawfish which was frozen not fresh but I don't mind. I ordered fries and calamari which is not your typical calamari. The fries are good but the calamari was okay. They had their own sauce but I forgot what it was called but it was salty to my palette. The crawfish didn't taste bad but I can definitely taste that they are frozen. The size of the crawfish is actually big (size of 3 quarters). Overall the service is great, and the food is good. 4 stars out of 5.I love this place, only crawfish place I know in the philly area. It's small in there but I got a lb of crawfish (lemon butter), a lb of crawfish (regular cajun), oysters, and the fried clam.
The flavor is awesome. I love the lemon butter better than then cajun. They're both worth trying though. The fried clam was ok, average. I'd def come back. Crawfish is around 10 bucks a pd and oysters are 1.50. Did I mention it's BYOB??? 
Best crawfish in philly area. (it's located in northeast philly)Their website said they're open at noon but they weren't open. Should update their hours so ppl don't waste their time going there. Especially from somewhere far.Take off your rings and bracelets, put on your bib, and prepare to get crabby messy!  Nothing beats stuffing your face with delicious seafood.
It's just so good. Unfortunately, everyone is starting to know it. This is apparent with entire generations of family lining outside this small establishment in Northeast Philadelphia. So you're going to have to wait...
But it's worth it. And the great thing about a place that is always packed is that you know these little suckers aren't sitting in a walk-in for days. They are harvested fresh to eat, thrown in a plastic bag, and brought directly to you with the freshest, plumpest, most delicious crabs and crawfish you've ever had. 
We shared between the two of us 1 lb of snow crabs ($17), 1 lb of crawfish ($10), 4 raw oysters ($6), and one bowl of pho ($7). We really enjoyed the big mess we made and we got out of  there for around $40.00 bucks. Not too shabby, Crabby Cafe.
Service was on par. We were consistently asked how we were doing. Our waters were filled accordingly. I do wish they freely supply wet naps at the tables. Other than that, no complaints. Love it. 
Other things you should know:
1. They make a delicious bowl of Pho (Best in NE Philly).
2. A lb of crawfish actually is a lot!
3. RAW OYSTERS! Yes I love raw oysters served on ice just add some melted butter or hot sauce or lemon and your good to go! 
4. Bring change because there are parking meters outside.
5. Wearing white pants while eating here is not a good idea (trust me).
6. Closed on TUESDAYS
7. You'll come back.Outstanding clawfish! I been looking forward to this for the longest now. Because over in the west coast while i was in Vegas, had "boiling crab" same concept with ordering by the lbs and spices. Love it, this will be my first yelp review as well and its worth it. 
You're into seafood, then this is for you. 
Oh, dont expect to be clean. Better get messy and don't be wearing that white. LolLoved it here. This place does the whole order seafood by the pound and then you choose a spice level and flavor and then they boil it and you make a big mess and have a lot of fun. They have a few other options on the menu and also some Vietnamese items. It wasn't too busy when we were there (dinner time, weekend) and the service was very good. Food came out quickly, and the wait staff was very attentive. I had a bunch of sides a long with clams, snow crab, and shrimp.
I've been to similar restaurants in California and D.C., but i like this one the most for a number of reasons:
-BYOB - but be forewarned, they don't have a full selection of mixers, so make sure to bring your own club soda, tonic, cranberry juice, or whatever it is you like to mix your drinks with.
-headless shrimp - I know some people like sucking out the heads, but for the rest of us who just discard them anyways, it's nice to be able to order the shrimp headless. 
-the crab crackers - they have both the kind that you press together and the digging tool type, and they bring them without asking.
-the cajun fries, red potatoes, and corn sides are all super tasty 
-the vietnamese flan is creamy sweet and delicious. It's very reminiscent of the vietnamese coffee if you're familiar with that, and if you aren't - it's basically condensed milk with coffee. It's wonderful.
-The bibs - they are super premium and large - so you don't need to worry about spilling stuff. although I still managed to get some shellfish byproduct on my pants. 
The prices are pretty reasonable too. It's seafood, so it's not cheap, but it's a great deal for what it is.I decided to try crabby cafe to see what the hype is all about. The place is cute and small. The staff is friendly and service is good. But the crawfish is alright. Don't expect this place to be like hot n juicy or boiling crab. I decided to try the crabby cafe sauce. I have to say I was pretty disappointed. The sauce was salty and not spicy enough. The crawfish wasn't as juicy, maybe Bc it wasn't soaked in the sauce long enough. The meat didn't come out as easy which was very aggravating. But if you're craving for crawfish it's better than Joe's crab shack for sure! I'll def try back in a few months to see if it will be better.Thw ONLY reason I'm not giving them 4 stars is the really loud, distracting music.  
The wait staff is super sweet and  the the chef really knew his way around an oyster. Not only were they sweet and fresh but I haven't had oysters prepared this well since I lived in Florida. 
Don't get me wrong, this is a place to try if only for the oysters and it's a BYOB, BUT they need to invest in more than 2 crab crackers in the entire restaurant and maybe a few real forks for the oysters.As a crab and seafood lover, I could have done without the heavy, buttery, salty sauce. It was really really messy to eat. It's not that much cheaper than other really great seafood places close by. Our service was also subpar. We went on a Sunday but it wasn't that crowded. The outdoor environment, however, was nice and relaxing for a double date.Damn crabby! It tasted exactly like 3 years ago and that's freaking awesome. I heard a rumor that the owner has been cooking at this location quite often!!-----------------MUST READ THIS!!!!!!!--------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note: Unlike the other, obvious paid-by-the-owner Yelp poster, I am just a regular Philly eater.  
I would SO give this place a 5+ star rating. I am a recent transplant from the suburbs. My idea of a good shellfish pot has been Joe's Crab Shack. Mind you, I am well aware that shellfish down the shore is much better than Joe's, yet in a pinch Joe's is a reliable, dependable inland alternative. 
Then I moved to Center City. No Joe's to be found. Countless restaurants, but precious few crab bucket options. Sure, lots of amazing fresh seafood places at Reading Terminal and at the Italian Market, but I didn't want to spend the time prepping and cooking a shellfish bucket. Eventually I found Crabby Cafe and their shellfish buckets on Caviar (trycaviar.com). So, I gave it a shot. 
Incredible. The crab legs were meaty and fresh. The shrimp large and flavorful. The crawfish was amazing...and I used to live in New Orleans! Most notably, the clams were no less than 3-4x the size of the puny clams than come with a Joe's bucket. It was a freakin'  delight.
The only reason I won't give Crabby Cafe a 5 star rating was due to the delivery and presentation. Joe's Crab Shack ships their to-go orders in a normal, delectable to-go order box. For some reason Crabby Cafe dumped their delicious food in three layers of plastic bags, resulting in an unappetizing pile of fish. That's too bad. When I brushed aside my disgust and dug in, I was in suburban shellfish heaven. I swear it rivaled similar orders from the shore. 
Despite the ugly delivery, I am excited to know of a great secret like Crabby Cafe is tucked away right here in Philly.Why aren't there more people here? Its sure as hell not because of the food, the service, or the mood. 
The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the setup. Crabby Café is dressed up like your typical seafood joint. Red and black, lots of lobsters and boats on the walls. I especially enjoyed the ornaments and the deep sea diving styled lights on the walls. The place definitely looks the part. 
Next thing I noticed was how nice everyone was. Everyone I talked to was very nice and helpful. The waiter and waitress were very welcoming and engaging. The owner behind the counter was also very nice.
Lastly and the most importantly, the food--it was great! I've never had crawfish like that. It beats that frozen store bought stuff by miles! The meat was tender, the sauce was perfectly seasoned, and the sweet corn complimented it all amazingly. They have mild and spicy crawfish. I ordered the spicy crawfish, and it definitely hit the spot spice-wise. If you have a little trouble with spicy foods, the passion fruit tea and aloe tea are great for a quick cool down before diving into more crawfish.
So everything was great. The only reasons I could think of that not many people were in were because a) I came in on memorial day... lol and b) Crabby Café just opened a few days ago. So the way I see it, now is a perfect opportunity to take advantage of a short wait for great food and a great time. This place is bound to be busy, busy, busy in the near future!3 years later and I still come back to the mom and pop shop.  I admit, Caster location is the best location out of the others.  I've been here over 8-10 times so far.  
Nothing has really changed except the taste of the Crabby Wings and the size of the fries (used to be wider crinkle cuts).  If I remember correctly, the fish sauce on the Crabby Wings was more subtle tasting, but I can't really complain because I put fish sauce on everything.  Fish sauce to me is sriracha to hipsters.  plus, they added cucumbers and made the Crabby Wings platter all pretty looking.
Other than that, nothing has changed since my last review.  The crabby sauce is still the same delicious gooey-iness with the same hands-on experience.  The food came out extremely hot, but then again, we were the only people sitting in today.
Also, there's a lot of metered parking spots, but if you're willing to walk a little, you can try to find a spot in the neighborhood surround Crabby Cafe.  
This place is still my staple quick fix for crawfish and shrimp.I'm a frequent customer there considering it's within walking distance of my house I haven't had a bad meal yet!I love this place food is great , ambience is very chill and it's so close ! Our server was very sweet and did a good job as well :) before you guys go here make sure you guys are ready to get messy! :) always get the spivey Cajun! It just taste way better spicy.Snow crabs were good. Really chill place to take someone to. Beware: food is very messy!So I finally decided to sit down in front of my computer in order to write about my dining experience at the Crabby Cafe.
As a result of all the online hoopla surrounding Crabby Cafe, I decided to make the short trip to the quaint little restaurant that was just a hop and a skip away from route 1 in NE Philly to see for myself if the food would live up to all the hype.  
During my first visit I had a few things that were offered on the menu but I will only speak about their crawfish of which was the main reason why people flocked to Crabby Cafe in the first place.  When we were served the little red critters, they were brought to our table--piping hot--in plastic bags.  Upon tearing the bags open, we uncovered a batch of decent sized crawfish covered in Crabby cajun sauce.  The aroma alone made us that much more eager to consume the morsels.  To be honest, prior to this visit, I've only had crawfish at the chinese buffets, big box furniture store and the ones that were sold occasionally at church; but believe you me, the crawfish at these places can't even hold a candle next to the ones offered at Crabby Cafe.  
The crawfish here were succulent, fresh, and full of flavor as opposed to the ones that I've had in the past that were bland and over cooked.  The Crabby sauce was so tasteful that I had wished for some good bread to dip it into.  To say that I was pleasantly surprised would be an understatement.  Crabby Cafe knocked the ball out of the park with these little suckers!  To think, I used to enjoy eating tasteless crawfish and really didn't know what I was missing until I paid Crabby Cafe a visit.
If you are a person who has never tried crawfish or even if you are someone who simply wants to get his/her crawfish fix on, then, I personally recommend checking Crabby Cafe out.  It's probably the best place for crawfish in Philly.
On my second visit to the Crabby Cafe, I had an order of crabby cajun crawfish, asian wings, sweet potato fries, pho, and dollar oysters.  
The dollar oysters that were offered during Happy Hour were fresh and surprisingly big.  I've had discounted oysters during Happy Hour at other establishments and they seem to always be on the small side; whereas, the dollar oysters at Crabby Cafe were big, fresh and tasty.  I could have sat there all day long eating them because they were that good.
I thought having Pho on the menu in a "cajun/creole" seafood eatery was different and bizarre but I didn't let that deter me from ordering it since I've also heard good things about this quintessential vietnamese noodle dish.  The crabby Pho fell a little short for me and did not live up to my expectations.  I thought the broth--what makes or breaks the noodle dish in my opinion--was pretty good. The raw beef slices that would normally continue to cook in the broth as the pho is brought to your table was over cooked though. The pho did not impress me because it lacked a lot of the trimmings that you would typically get when you order the noodle dish at most pho restaurants; but then again, I don't think Crabby Cafe specializes in pho.  
The sweet potato fries were a delight.  They were crispy and weren't too sweet.  I think Crabby Cafe would easily give Chickie & Pete's a run for their money in fries department.
Lastly, the asian wings were full sized wings that were crispy and tasty.  However, there was a lingering hint of what I thought was fish sauce or shrimp paste on the wings that, in my opinion, could potentially put off customers who aren't accustomed to asian flavors.
I highly recommend Crabby Cafe because they offer good quality food that tastes great combined with great service.  I think that there are plenty of items on their menu that would satisfy anyone's taste buds.I've been waiting for a place like this to open in Philly for I don't know how long already, so when I finally heard about them I had to go try it out ASAP!  I'm from the South (Mississippi) so I have certain expectations for crawfish; and while this cafe was no southern crawfish boil, they didn't disappoint. My table of 4 ordered the fried clam strips appetizer, 4lbs of crawfish, a dozen raw oysters, a dozen steamed clams and 1lb of shrimp and everything was delicious! We ordered the crawfish with the "spicy" seasoning and it was pretty good...not so much old bay but rather garlicy and sweet. We ordered an additional 2lbs of crawfish later on but with the hottest season they had, and it was much better! Although the seasoning was sweeter than I expected it was still very good; and each bag of crawfish had a corn on the cob, some sliced sausages and potatoes. The shrimp and oysters were just OK for me, but the steamed clams (in garlic butter season) and the clam basket were delicious. 
I'm so happy this place is close by, and I can get my crawfish fix whenever I'm in the mood...and having a clean place with a friendly staff doesn't hurt either. I can't wait to go back already!!This place is fantastic! Service is awesome and food is delicious. The shrimp (headless, because why have your food looking back at you) are juicy, large and fresh. The clams were very good but not nearly as good of a deal as the shrimp, let me explain: CC gives you large clams. Large clams come in large, heavy shells. CC charges you by the pound. And thus, I would stick to smaller, thinner shelled sea bugs to maximize my eating (and $) enjoyment. 
Do not wear white, long sleeves or anything you would be sad about destroying. It is very possible that you will accidentally and unintentionally take home all sorts of sea bug odds and ends.
This place is BYOB which pairs very well with copious amounts of seafood.
Wish they had a punch card, will come back this week.We came here on a Sunday evening (Father's Day) and the place wasn't too packed. I came here with high expectation based on all of the reviews I've seen on yelp. I thought the place was a huge sports bar but it surely was not! Just 7-10 tables and the decor was just so so. For the amount of money they are charging, they should improve the decor and ambiance of the place.  The service was also subpar.  For a group of 6, we had to constantly ask for water refill and did not get any bibs for our table.  I think good service goes a long way! 
On the bright side, the oysters were good and the mussels with sauce was great too. The live crawfish was alright but I've had better made at home....by brother and sister in law. 
I'm nervous to give them another chance since there are so many other great restaurants I have book marked on yelp!I've always came to this location as it was closer to my home but after this past night I might have to go to the Northern Liberties location. I enjoyed that the restaurant is smaller so I don't have to wait in line for the table or too loud of a music. I went with my friends to the restaurant and when we got our food my friend's shrimp had an awkward smell that made her lost her appetite and even the waitress said it smelled funny.
With my meal I ordered the #2 bucket which consist of shrimp, crawfish, and clams with the crabby special sauce spicy. When I received the bag the sauce was so thick and oily which didn't look appetizing at all. At first taste the sauce was super salted when I used to remember how it tasted.
At the end of the night after getting home I didn't really feel too good from the food so I might just have to find else where or go to their other location. I'm truly surprised this place's food quality has slowly gone down hill because there's not a lot of seafood places like this in the area especially in the Northeast of Philadelphia.