Came here on a rainy Tues night after work for a bite and some drinks. Bar was fairly packed. There was ample seating available too. Ambience was nice - the place was pretty dark but it had a chill relaxed vibe to it.
The bartenders were friendly and attentive. I ordered wine, which was a little overpriced since a bottle from the store wasn't much more than how much Craft was charging. I didn't try any of the beers (which this place is known for...)
I had the calamari which was yummy and the sauce had a slight spicy kick to it. I was starving so I finished the entire thing (but it was also very tasty) and I had the pierogies which were pretty good but nothing too memorable.
Overall, it was a decent place to meet up for drinks and dinner. Would definitely come back if I was in the area and was in the mood for a low key spot.Always pleasant service and great food. Brussels spouts and chicken avocado sandwich so good.Love  their fries and the calamari.Great staff, great food, totally recommend. If you read the negative comment it sounds like a crazy person - pay them no mind.I must say I loved that they asked if I wanted a glass or preferred a bottle. Bottle please! It was just nice to have the option.  The interior has been completely renovated more modern less lounge-y but still can have romantic lighting. It carries a solid selection of craft beer...hence the name.  The menu is American like above average bar food to restaurant esk entree options. They sounded good but I did not order food. They definitely seem like theyre still in the process of tweaking things and the make over is not 100% done. Place has a ton of potential.  Def worth checking out and I'm excited to see how it evolves.This is a great spot for happy hour. They have awesome specials. I know this is a beer place, but they have generous pours of wine. Their fried pickles for $4 were delicious. I liked the atmosphere. It was very relaxing and comfortable. Not too noisy. I would go here if you are looking for an affordable, relaxing place to grab a drink with a few friends.Came here on a friday night for drinks and food. Pretty popping. Menu and pricing decent. 
However, not very gluten-free friendly. They fry everything in one fryer so I couldn't have any of their fries. The only thing available was really their mussels. They recently changed all their corn flours for the their tacos and their nachos, but haven't changed their menu yet. Salad is always an option.....that I can also make at home. Otherwise, the mussels and asparagus I ordered was pretty delicious!
We really went for cocktail drinks. Definitely delicious. Maybe next time I'll eat somewhere else first and go for cocktail drinks after. OR if they start to use 2 separate fryer for fries.This place always has a good selection of less common drafts and bottles. Which is why this is three stars.
They are stingy and obtuse. My last visit I ordered a Cider. It was an 8oz pour.
How do I know? It was served in the exact same size/style wine glass the restaurant I work in uses. 
For $10, this is stingy. It's a good cider, but seriously? $10 for 8oz of cider or beer is crazy, especially when neither the price or size is mentioned in the lengthy descriptions on the menu. This isn't the first time I've seen or heard the same about Craft, in the area it's becoming well known as a shifty, wierd place with odd pricing/sizes hidden behind a menu that interestingly does not mention either. 
Also, I've never been here when there are paper towels available in the men's room. Which might be fine if they were all into saving the environment using a hand dryer. Guess what they also don't have?Okay so my first time here wasnt so great but I will give it another try because my friend said its a great place to eat. I came here with my boyfriend on a Wednesday and the WHOLE reason we came was to get the Steak Sammy we asked our waitress if that was on the menu and she said NO, I will give her the benefit .. she was new and did not know the specials. I asked her twice thought about the specials and she said there was only a drink special. She did suggest an awesome sandwich so that is why I am giving it a 3 star rating rather that a 4 or 5 star. My boyfriend loved his burger and we loved the pickles and the dipping sauce. We will be back, and hopefully will get the steak sammy. I did talk to the manager and he apologized and he said next time it wont happen and to make sure I see him next time I come in and he would make arrangements. That is great customer service and that is why I will be back and get the steak sammy everyone has been talking about LOLGreat beer, had the Southern Tier Creme Brulee beer, which was amazing. Ordered the meatballs and the pappardelle pasta, loved them both. Will be back soon.Gave this place a 2 solely on my waitress, as she was very attentive and always making sure our water glasses and drinks were full. 
As for the food- started out with the nachos which were good, but for 12 dollars (without meat, which was an extra 5-7 dollars) it was pretty pricy for nachos. I was very disappointed in my burger. I ordered the "Pub Burger" medium rare. The first time it came out it was very dry and well done, so I very politely sent it back and asked if they could cook it less. To my disappointment, as I thought this was known as a burger place, my second burger came out even dryer and as well done as the first. Since it took 15 minutes for them to remake the burger, I didn't bother sending it back. 
All in all, the waitstaff was great and the atmosphere was really nice. However, for the price they charge of food, I'd expect much much better.Came here 1030ish in hopes that we would be able to get something to eat. This place is one of the only places that serve food late (until 12 to be exact). The food is very crafty, way better than your classic bar food. 
The bartender knows his shit and they pour some very rare and interesting brews.I was impressed by the beer selection here. The prices are reasonable, staff friendly, and on weekdays around 6p it seems pretty laid back. 
I am not typically in manayunk, but it's definitely somewhere I'd return for a drink. 
We didn't get to try any food, and only had a couple beers, but our condo with the bartender was good. We had a nice quickie before our event at manayunk brew pub.This place was absolutely terrible. We went there for restaurant week and ordered the appetizers and entrees at the same time. It took 45 minutes to get the appetizers out of the kitchen, and our water cups were empty the entire time. The appetizers were good, but definitely not worth the wait. After we were done, we sat there for another 45 minutes and I eventually asked the manager for the check for the apps. I was ready to leave. She offered us a free round of drinks (which was kind of a slap in the face). We declined and they told us to leave, and we didn't owe anything. The waitress was rude and arrogant and she even bumped into my girlfriend in an aggressive way when we tried to leave. The manager was even getting snappy. Such an unenjoyable experience. Very rude people, definitely wouldn't recommend to anybody.I've been to Craft a few times and this "Morgan"("Morgan" in quotes as I really think/know she's LeBron James in disguise) is the
 main reason I keep coming back. Yes the food is outstanding and the drinks are...well...a word better than outstanding that I can't come up with at the moment. (I'm using my thesaurus to hold up one leg of my couch so I can't grab it without standing up, so the drinks are...let's just say, outstandinger)
Anyway, I say LeBron James because "Morgan"(not her real name, she's not fooling this customer) is so so versatile, just like LeBron. You need someone to wait tables? She's your gal. Need someone to make a Moscow Mule behind the bar? She'll make one while riding an actual mule, and a mule with a Russian accent.  And when it comes down to crunch time(closing time) and you need 8 different drinks, 6 entrees and a salad with the Dressing and croutons on the side..and you only have 10 seconds left? She's the one you'd want to be carrying that tray.
Great place and Morgan should get a promotion, or company stock OR just rename the place Morgan's Main St Saloon.   Really though she's extremely pleasant and very good at her job...and really can dunk a basketball. (So she says)Five went for brunch last Sunday.  Food for four came out.  All four finished their entire meal before food for the fifth came out.   His waffles were undercooked.   His chicken fingers (chicken and waffles) were overcooked.    Three ordered ice tea.   Asked for sweetener.   The only sugar/sweetener in the entire restaurant was a glass filled with old sugar cubes.   They didn't even dissolve in water.   Asked for $2 in quarters to feed the meters.   Only 4 quarters is the entire restaurant.   No discount or comp on the fifth person's food.   No discount or comp on the ice tea.   They apologized because the printed paper menus were soiled from a big brunch rush the previous weekend.  It appears that they have given up.Favorite place in Manayunk! friendly staff and great food selection...even for vegetarians.My boyfriend and I were big fans of Sapphire so when we were very interested to try Craft. We have only been there for drinks thus far so I can only review on that and the ambience. I thought the beer selection was great, a lot of good and different craft beer choices. They also had some great happy hour and nightly specials for each weeknight. They had a lot of space outside for outdoor dining and Drinking and the tables inside were perfectly situated in front of the windows. Can't wait to come back here to eat!You won't be sorry! 
My husband and I came to Craft on Sunday for Brunch and had a GREAT time.  There was a good range of brunch options, the prices are amazing, service was top notch, and our food was delicious.
Hubs got a burger and I got the avocado BLT.  The burger wasn't too, too big, which is nice for brunch.  It came on a delicious roll and was the perfect amount of juicy.  The avocado BLT was fresh and on thin, crunchy sourdough.  Both came with homemade chips which were AWESOME.  I would buy bags of these chips.
On to the drinks.  We are huge craft beer fans and there were some new ones on draft we hadn't tried, which was exciting.  The bartender was fabulous and generous with samples.  They don't do flights yet, but they said they are planning to incorporate them soon!
Its 4 stars only because I felt their selection of cocktails could have been more diverse in terms of spirits used.  A lot of whiskey drinks and even some with jager which was just not appealing to me at all.
We will be back!!Some great happy hour specials. Food was pretty good and service was great.  The beer pour is phenomenal. Will definitely go again.Surprised they were open Christmas Day but popped in with my son. Had some appetizers and some local brews. The appetizers left a lot to be desired but the beer was decent. Wait staff was friendly and timely.So my second time here and omg that was a big difference!! Steak sammy was awesome !! Service was awesome as well!! Bringing everyone next time!!I like the location and the atmosphere of the bar.
The service was extremely slow, as well as the kitchen.
At least on my visit, it was the type of place you order your next drink when you are halfway done, your dessert when you are halfway done your meal, and your bill as soon as you get your dessert.
On a positive note, the Pappardelle, meatballs, pierogies (small portion), and creme brulee were all good...the prickly pear drink was good (wife had 3)....and the price was reasonable...just work on that service and all will be good...Very, very disappointing (and expensive) experience here during Manayunk Restaurant Week. The place has a great feel and atmosphere, and I would be more willing to give them the benefit of the doubt because of the rest. week timing had it not been pretty empty. 
We were waited on by two different waitresses, neither of whom were very friendly or seemingly aware of the other attempting to wait on us. Again-- I would be willing to let that go, had we not waited over an hour to get even the first course. The food had clearly been heated in the microwave quickly before being brought out and was subpar. 
The entire experience lasted over two and a half hours waiting for the three courses, our check, and the cards to be returned to us. Waitresses were less than apologetic and not interested in trying to make up for the hour between sitting down and receiving any food at all. Eventually had to call the hostess over who was very sweet. Super unpleasant for a $50 experience, and not even discounted for the ridiculous wait and poor service. Would not recommend, and will not be returning.Awful food, nothing is made fresh. Was told the wing hot sauce was homemade.. it was Franks with butter in it. I like Franks hot sauce, but don't lie to me about it being house made when you just doctored it. Plus the wings are so tiny. It's so not worth it. We didn't get celery or blue cheese. They ran out of celery..... 
The whole place and staff are underwhelming. Would not come back here.Great food not just a trendy town bar.  Fresh ingredients and terrific burgers. Cant go wrong. Servers are great, attentive and hard working.
One of our favorite Manyunk eateries! 4141 Main Street!Popped in this past weekend for a drink and maybe some apps. I was kind of surprised that a place called "Craft" only had 7 draft beers but some were decent choices. I ordered a Goose Island and the waitress said it was out. Ok, my husband and I both order another IPA. When the waitress comes back she tells us THAT keg just kicked too so only one of us gets one. If you're counting, that's a total of 5 available draft beers AT A BAR CALLED CRAFT. My husband ordered a different beer which ended up being $9. There are no prices on the beer menu which is really irritating. 
We didn't end up ordering food but when I saw they are charging $12 for pierogies I decided we probably wouldn't be back. Our waitress was nice though.This is specifically a review about their catering and event services. We held my 50th birthday party at Craft this past weekend and I can't tell you how happy we were with the whole experience, from beginning to end. Sara was really helpful with the planning and was easy to reach when we had questions or wanted to change something. She and her staff made the back patio look so beautiful and even decorated it for us. 
You know how catered food is usually pretty weak?
Well, the food was easily as good as anything on the regular menu. Wings, calamari, and pizza were good appetizers, followed by extremely tasty salmon, filet, and lobster ravioli so fat and stuffed with lobster...but the stars of the night were the desserts. Triple chocolate cake, strawberry shortcake, and peanut butter mousse cake, each better than the next. Everyone kept asking where we got the desserts from because they wanted to buy some.
Rachel and Sara were the perfect hostesses - they were so friendly, they made sure I always had a drink, and they thoughtfully asked when we wanted each course to come out. They even put candles on the cake and led everyone in the singing!
We priced several other places, so I feel confident in saying that the price for the night was very competitive. And it was well worth it to not have to do anything but show up! People have been telling me how great a party it was for the past few days and I would absolutely recommend Craft to anyone planning an event. Thank you, Sara!!Good food and good atmosphere.  Beer on tap selection was very good.  I guess I went in with a very high expectation for this, obviously.  My buddy and I had the burgers which were good.  It was pretty quiet for a Monday night as expected.  I'd go check out again to try  more of the menu.Dear Craft I have been there many times and enjoyed many good meals and great service, but why oh why can't you serve any good beer on tap? I basically love everything about this place. The calamari, the burgers, the salads. But they never have a decent lager or pilsner on tap. They have all kinds of IPA's, stouts and Belgian type beers. Sorry, not interested. Please make this happen and I will be forever your customer.I just left here and I'm PO'd that I didn't get any pictures of what great service and food looks like. My girlfriend and I got a chicken and avocado burger, a pub burger, and some sweet Chile Thai wings. The place is called Craft for a reason, and I'd like to think it's for their extensive Craft beer selection. The food was super fresh, delicious, and plentiful. The waitress was named Rachel and she was on point. We sat outside and loved every minute of it. Thanks Craft. Siguan bateando hom runes!We had a good dinner time here. Romantic and cozy, it's a good place for lovers and friends. The food is very nice and tasty. We had the calamari, chicken tacos and craft ramen, all great!Great service, warm beers, bad food. Had the fried chicken sandwich which I couldn't finish because it was so bad. Girlfriend had a burger which tasted like UK beef... which is not a compliment. Won't return.I really wanted to like this place, but there were just too many negatives for me to feel it was worth it. I went in on a Thursday night with a very forgiving attitude (I know the place is new) but I kept hitting roadblocks during our meal. 
++++++++++Service+++++++++++++
Service-wise, my partner and I entered what seemed to be a dead restaurant, the lights were way too dim and the lone bartender and waitress were waiting on no one. I chalked it up to being early-ish (around 6) on a weekday night. The entire time we were there only one other couple came in and they only ordered appetizers and drinks. Despite being pretty lonely everything still took way too long. This was not the biggest problem. 
We sat ourselves and as we looked at the menus the waitress warned us that not everything on the menu was available. So we looked it over while we waited for her to check in. It took a while before she returned to inform us that all items were, in fact, available. So we ordered, and she informed me that the burger that I ordered (the Frenchie- a mushroom burger that I'll get to later), came with hamburger meat. I was very okay with this situation. When the food came out she informed me that the Frenchie no longer included meat. Had she come out to tell me this beforehand I might have ordered something else, instead I had to choose between seeing if I could send my burger back, or just grinning and bearing it. I took the burger as it was. 
When we finally finished and paid we had to wait for the bartender to take our tab. The place was so dead that the waitress and someone else (maybe the owner? or a cook?) were taking their dinner above the bar. Overall a pretty negative experience.
The one final mixed bag in our experience was the payment situation. Craft's credit card system failed early in the night and we had to use the ATM across the street to withdraw cash and pay. Even though that wasn't a great situation (and not their fault) they did offer to pay for the withdrawal fee, which was nice. 
+++++Food++++++++++++
In terms of food, it feels like Craft is trying to be memorable rather than making quality food. The menu features a variety of cheeses and quality meats, from pancetta in the wedge salad to fried brie as a starter, but I can't help but think that they should focus less on drawing in people with fancy ingredients, and more on getting them to stay with actual tasty food. 
We ordered 2 burgers, the Frenchie (beer battered fried portabello, brie, caramelized onion, au jus) and the Main Burger (dry aged beef, smoked gouda, and smoked bacon) as well as the Poutine as a starter. 
The Poutine ($9) had great cheese curds but their great taste was drowned out by a weird taste in the Guinness gravy, and pretty mediocre fries. This  recipe definitely feels like it needs to be reworked. 
The Frenchie ($12) had the aforementioned ordering issues but otherwise was pretty underwhelming. I enjoy just mushroom burgers and I have had great breaded mushroom and cheese burgers. This, however, lacked good breading, was very watery (at one point my bun was very unappetizing and mush-like), and the entire burger lacked any flavor. The Brie and caramelized onions added very little flavor and I just wanted to salt everything. 
The Main Burger ($11) was better, but not by much. It had just four ingredients, cheese, meat, bacon, and bread, yet it still missed the mark. The meat was cooked way past medium despite our request, and it made the meat dry. The cheese was completely unmelted and added virtually nothing to the taste, we tried the cheese on its own and it was quite good, but it was drowned out by the dryness of the burger. In addition to this, the fries that came with both burgers were inconsistently salted, every fry was either bland or oversalted and they tasted like they were made of two batches, one new, one old. 
Overall nothing we ordered was worth the price we paid and unless they improve their quality of food I wouldn't recommend or return to Craft Manayunk.I've been here 3 times in the last 3 weeks. Really good happy hour specials (I think Wednesday's it's $15 wine BOTTLES) and like always good cocktail and app specials. Also holy cow their pickle chips are bangin. I can't stay away from those, would recommend to a friend.Ordered the fig salad and chimi burger off uber eats. The food is delicious and the salad was a large portion. I got chicken in it and they put alot in which was nice! I have orderd delivery a few times from here and it's always fast and tasty!Wish I could give this place 0 stars.  Was here for roughly an hour and was charged $155 for 2 burgers and a couple drinks.  When I asked that there must be some kind of mistake, the bartender was very rude.  After arguing, they did lower the cost, which wasn't enough, but I was over the situation already.  Then they attempted to charge my card twice, fortunately my CC company caught it.  Beware!  Make sure not to open a bar tab at the very least and pay cash!!!This place is my new favorite spot in Manayunk. Used to be called sapphire which was one rough place to say the least. The food is awesome! Try the fried Brie and the calamari. So good. I'm a sucker for meat so the surf and turf burger is money and the filet is on point. I'm not a huge beer drinker but when I was talking to the manager he told they me they had over 50 beers. Beer drinker galore. 
Overall place is awesome apparently they have huge plans for the patio outback. I can't waitNot the worst place Ive been to.  Not the worst food either.  I really had no complaints about my meal.  Until I got the bill and saw that my beer was ten dollars.  As in the same price as my burger.  Ten dollars, for one beer, whose price was not listed on the menu.  I do not go to a bar in manayunk to have a burger and pay ten dollars for a beer.  
Let me reiterate, for anyone on the fence about this place: If you enjoy paying ten dollars for a beer to go with your decent burger and fries, then you'll enjoy Craft.  If you typically try not to spend ten dollars for a beer to go with your burger and fries, you should try somewhere else.I've have been here now more than every other restaurant in Manayunk. The staff and food are both always great. during the week, they have really good happy hour specials and snacks. When it's nice out, I bring my dog down and sit outside. It's just a relaxing atmosphere and a solid usual spot. 
PS: yes the fried pickles here are still the best I've ever hadI live in the area and realized that Craft Manayunk recently replaced Sapphire. We came in this past Saturday with a group of 6 and were able to sit outside. Didn't think the chairs were the most comfortable but most outdoor seats aren't. We had great service, our drink orders came out quickly. I was happy to learn that they have multiple ciders available, not all on draft but thats okay. For someone who does not drink beer, that made me really happy. We ordered two appetizers, the fried pickles (sooo good!) and the calamari (also very good). 
Last night (Monday) my boyfriend and I returned for dinner and drinks. The place was completely empty but the staff was very quick to greet us, told us we could sit anywhere we like, and brought us over menus. We ordered our drinks and had them within minutes. We ordered the hummus and mussels for appetizers and both were delicious. Our server was very on top of the table, making sure we were good on drinks and cleared our plates when we were done. We both ordered the Monday special, which is the pub burger for $5. Both were cooked properly and delicious, love the fries that came with the burgers. 
All in all, we will definitely be returning to Craft, and can't wait to bring more of our friends out to try it.Probably the worst "upscale" pub in Manayunk. Poor selection of beer. Rude waitresses - I'm talking about only 2 customers in the place on a week night, 2 servers, and being completely ignored for 20 minutes. Then you order something, it takes 15 minutes, and they bring you the wrong food.
While the food was ok, the place is really crappy compared with other establishments in the same area. I would never go there again after having bad service 3 times in a row. 
TerribleCraft is one of our favorite spots in Manayunk. They always have a great beer selection and their food is excellent. The portobello "french dip" is delicious and they have great wings. My boyfriend loves the gnocchi. Nice relaxed atmosphere, a great addition to Main StFriendly staff, great food, wide selection of craft beers, and music is always on point! Fried pickles are a favorite and the salmon is great too.Started off good. Then waitress disappeared. Waited 45 minutes for an asparagus/fried egg salad and an egg sandwich. No explanation or apology. Food was okay. But, then both boyfriend and I had violent stomach cramps and nausea the rest of the day. Not returning.Is a nice bar but I ordered the fish tacos and they were the worse ones I've had .. The waitress was very attentive and nice I ordered the chicken sandwich and it was better it needed a little bit more flavor but the drinks were great ...Rode here 17 miles from NJ on my bike. Saw Craft and dove in. Root Down is big here and the pils won't disappoint.I have been to Craft Manayunk a few times and I have been more excited about the draft list vs. the food.  I have had several dishes, but I will speak of the last meal.  I ordered the BBQ Brisket Flatbread and it was good, a lil heavy on the BBQ sauce, but it was ok.  
The 3rd star is for the staff attentiveness and service when I have visited.  I would say that Craft Manayunk has a comfortable vibe and the energy is easy going.Love this spot. Popped in on a Wednesday night with my girlfriend and ordered a couple of drinks and some food for a late bite. The Steak Sammy is on special Wednesdays for $7 and that's a steal because A, it's delicious, and B, the portion size for the steak and the fries that come with it are more than enough to satisfy any hungry man's appetite. The beer selection is the best in Manayunk, hands down and my girl's drink was pretty damn tasty. She didn't know what she wanted and the bartender on that night CRAFTed up something delicious that made her a happy camper. Oh, and the bartender Nikki was awesome. She said she just started in February and usually works every Wednesday and Friday night. I suggest going there when she's working because she was extremely attentive, friendly, and knew her sh!t more than most bartenders I've seen in Yunk. My girlfriend loved her, I loved the food, we'll definitely be back many times.This is one of the worst dining experiences my boyfriend and I have ever had. 
Let me start by saying that we went to Craft during the Manayunk StrEAT Fair so it was understandably busy. We were eventually told that most of the staff working that day were not actual employees but family members filling in. 
We arrived at about 1:30 pm and were told the wait would be about 20 minutes and we could wait at the bar. After several drinks (and having to find the host several times to remind her we were waiting) we were finally seated at 3:15. We were not greeted, brought waters, or asked for our order. At 3:45 after complaining several times we finally put in our drink and food orders. We did not receive our drinks or food until 5 pm. My boyfriend's food order was wrong. After having to go inside and complain TWO more times and ask for silverware and napkins (we also were never brought water) one of the servers snapped at me. By the time we got our food the festival was over. We were charged for every single thing we ordered.
I would like to add that I am not one to complain at restaurants. If the order is wrong or if I do not like something I never send it back. However, we spent HOURS waiting here. Our server told us that he did not usually work there and that there were only two servers working and the computers were down. I understand that it was a particularly busy day but this was not the first StrEAT Fair for this restaurant. They should have been MUCH better prepared.
Oh, the food was fine. I got the Surf n Turf Burger. Not worth the wait.
Skip out on this place.Really,  really pleased.  We stopped here on a whim needing a late night dinner after a concert.  Sat outside  on a beautiful Saturday night.  Jessie was our server and was awesome.  Great personality and knew the menu well.  We picked the calamari and fried pickle appetizers,  then followed her recommendations on the BBQ Cheddar Burger and the Frenchie (fried mushroom sandwich).
The food was great and Jessie was both fun and attentive. 
Great find and we'll be back.Amazing food, relaxed but fun atmosphere. Very laid back people!!! My father and I are making it a bimonthly tradition to come here on Sunday's!Have a good beer selection. The food is good. The waitstaff is very pleasant. The atmosphere is good. The music is good. Nothing over-the-top exceptional. But nothing bad either. I wish I could be more helpful in what we ate. No one disliked their food but no one thought it was great we had a general selection of the menu between the six of us.Friendly service. Mary our waitress was so nice. Then came dem wings!!! Soooo good. THE BEST BURGER YOU'LL EVAH HAVE!!! #IMAFAN #newspot I absolutely can't wait to enjoy this atmosphere and food again!!Have not tired the food but arrived late on a Friday. The beer list was solid but nothing seemed too special ( might have been different if I went during happy hour). But what will never bring me back are the bartenders. Our bartender acted as if we were an inconvenience to her for to serve drinks on a night that was not busy. Both girls working seemed like they really had no intention to provide any sort of service so we left. Ordered an iPa which was solid but the G&t was weak and in a plastic cup with poor presentation for the price. Maybe this was just a bad night, but the lack of service won't bring me back especially when there are so many other great establishments in the area. Really nothing made this place Stick out food or drink wise.Double for that Jeanee V. calamari review. It's the best I ever had. It's not cheap but after you taste it (with or without the sweet chilli sauce) you won't mind the price; and it's a great quantity. 
Burgers... great juicy. Salmon with great creamed spinach and mashed potatoes... great... but again i feel everything is priced a little higher than what it should be.I was extremely disappointed with the quality of service and "drinks" they tried to serve us. I went there with a couple of friends last night to try and enjoy a few drinks and the bartender literally poured a sip when trying to serve us our shots! I've seen half shots poured before but to literally give us the amount they did was highway robbery($8 each..)! If you don't have enough of something just tell us instead of trying to make it work when it clearly doesn't. The picture is what I took prior to drinking it.... Will never be coming back here again. Ripoff!Good beer list. Still looks and feels just like Sapphire. Service was awful. The waitress never asked if we wanted refills or how we were doing and when we asked for a refill she acted annoyed. Won't be back.Food poisoned ita fuked up ggghhgghhh wtf I guess I'll wait for you to come over and see if you wanna go to pick up some stuff for me I gotta is the day I wanna go to pickI've been here three times on random late nights and have yet to be disappointed. Kitchen is open until 12 and the food is really good. The Caesar salad is probably my favorite, the crushed croutons are delish! The banana bread was on the drier side but was saved by the vanilla ice cream and caramel drizzle. I'm so upset they took the tots off the menu because they were AMAZING. It's never been too busy when I've come in but the girls who work here are always so sweet. Sammy served me last time and was an angel! Definitely stop in if you can't decide on all of the main st options!The chicken ciabatta is really good!! Good vibes here and good service...I definitely recommend if you live in manayunk or are in the area!Tried to give this place a second chance since the service/environment/food went down hill, but still horrible service & environment. We were told it was happy hour & charged more than regular price listed on menu. We will not be returning. Save your time & money.This place has a really nice rustic yet urban feel. It seems like a good place to come on a date or with a group of friends. I came on a Tuesday evening so it was pretty empty but the tables looked cozy and candlelit. I have seen this place open the windows and have tables outside when it's warm which is always inviting and enjoyable in the spring and summer! The beer list is nice and the food was creative and tasty. My boyfriend and I had the crab bites, the empanadas and the wings. Definitely tasty and filling. The bartender and staff was very friendly too!I got the fried chicken sandwich... Oh my was that delicious!!! Cooked to perfection and tastefully topped with slaw, pickles n such. Also a Maker's Mark city wide, are you kidding?! I'll take 3.Went here for Manayunk Restaurant week. My two friends and I got here and spent some time looking at the menu between 5:30-5:45pm. Asked for a restaurant week menu and We were told that their restaurant week did not start until 7pm. Disappointed, but okay not a big deal. Their happy hour is from 5-7, offering food and drinks for that menu. So we opted to order wings for happy hour. Mind you there weren't many people in here, most were at the bar just drinking and they ran out of wings. We also order calamari, beer fries, and meatballs (because they were out of wings) as appetizers. The calamari and beer fries were okay. But the meatballs... it was three of the tiniest meatballs I had ever seen. And when I say tiny I mean maybe half an inch in width. Okay maybe what they lack in size, they make up in flavor you would think... Nope! They were as bland as dirt. Actually dirt might actually have more flavors then those meatballs. 
Everything else was okay, but not for the price point they had it at. Mediocre tacos, burgers, and "shells and cheese," as they would like to call it, was not worth the money I paid. My other issue with them is how did you have to go ask if the chef made more sauce for the shell and cheese because you ran out of sauce the day before. Your chef should have prepped for that before opening for service that day.Amazing food and service! Second time here and it's still awesome food! The place is so unassuming but top notch food and serviceI came here about 3 weeks ago to watch the Eagles game. They had cheap drafts and a $5 burger. The tall thin, blonde waitress was rude and snob but the burger was quite good and it was a good deal.
I tried again last weekend also during an Eagles game. I asked the same waitress about the burger deal and she looked at me like I was an alien and replied rudely. The same rude snobby waitress, but no burger deal? No, thank you.
It's a bummer because the burger was good. I just don't like rude service. Seriously, with so many young people looking for jobs in MNYK, why would you hire a rude waitress?
Reading other people's reviews, it seems like a pattern, not just a one day thing.This place has been around for awhile and finally got to check it out.  Happened to be one of the few maybe only bars on Main Street to have the Bourbon County Stout released on Black Friday with several varietals.Came for happy hour. They have $5 mussels, wings, hummus, and fried pickles for food. The drink specials are $2 off beers. $4 wine and I believe she said $5 select cocktails. I ordered the mussels and they were tasty. It came with bread and served in a delicious broth. Great deal! My boyfriend ordered the sweet chili wings and liked them. His only complaint was the lack of any spice. 
We sat outside and it has a nice vibe to it. Lights along the trees, and right along the Main Street. Prime for people watching. Service was great! Can't wait to come back. 
Pictured below is the aftermath of my musselsThis used to be my favorite restaurant in Manayunk. After my experience I will never give them business again. 
Craft was brought up in conversation with my brother and he decided to get me a gift certificate for this restaurant for my birthday. He ordered it on 2/18 and kept asking me if I had received my surprise gift. Finally on 2/27 he called and told me that he was concerned because he ordered a gift certificate from Craft and could not understand why I had not received it considering I live in Manayunk. He was also concerned because they required him to email his credit card info, a photo of his driver's license, my address, and his contact info. I was shocked because it is illegal to withhold credit card information and is in violation of PCI DSS requirement 4.2.  I told him I would call because I live close.
I called and left a message stating how I was disappointed in their poor customer service and concerned because of the email. I don't understand how a restaurant can screw up a basic gift certificate. I called back a few hours later and the waitress advised me that I the manager said that I would receive my gift certificate on Monday 2/29. I never received anything and didn't hear from the manager so on 3/2 I called and demanded to speak to the manager. The waitress said that he was not in and that she would have him call me when he returned... he never called me. 
On Thursday 3/3 I called and demanded to speak with the manager. They said that he had just stepped out and would be back in a few hours. I visited the restaurant a few hours later only to be told that the manager was not there and that he would call me later. I was so annoyed with the situation that I wrote up a statement stating that Craft was required to delete the email due to their violation and void any charges they may have made to my brother's card. I made the waitress sign it and left. The next day I had to contact a local police officer to get his advice on this situation. I am appalled by their lack of customer service and inability to issue a simple gift certificate.
ISSUES:
1. I was never able to get in touch with the manager. He never called me back. What do I have to do to speak to him?!?! Deplorable customer service.
2. Craft violated PCI DSS requirement 4.2 by requiring a customer to email his credit card information in order to purchase a gift certificate. 
3. I never received the gift certificate throughout the whole 2 weeks of this ordeal. When they told me they would have it to me on Monday it was a blatant lie because when I went to Craft on Thursday I was told that they never charged the card. 
This was my favorite restaurant and my brother was trying to do something nice and thoughtful by getting me a gift certificate for my birthday and this is what it resulted in.... unbelievable.Decided to try Craft for brunch. Their bottomless is for TWO HOURS and they GIVE YOU the champagne bottle and oj!!! So unlimited to the absolute extreme. What more could a girl watching the last Birds game of the season ask for?!!! Go Eagles and GO CRAFT MANAYUNK!!!!This is one of my favorite spots on Main Street. They have lots of outside seating which is awesome for dog owners - there is always a box of milk bones and water bowls available. The food is always very good and creative. They have happy hour til 7 with lots of options. The staff have always been super friendly every time I've come here and attentive even on busier nights.Craft Manayunk was a pretty cool spot to catch up with a friend over some brews and burgers!
The ambiance is typical gastropub, very cool, very good beer list, etc. I dig it. The beer list was very extensive and I found a great IPA to enjoy. 
Food was pretty good. Nothing earth shattering but it worked. It seems most people go with a burger or sandwich situation here, which is what my two friends and I did. I got the fried chicken sandwich which was really good...I loved the pickles. My friend ordered the lamb burger which seemed interesting. 
I would not recommend the mixed drinks unfortunately. My friend ordered a margarita which a) came in the wrong glass (maybe I'm picky, but why not put it in a margarita glass?) and b) was mainly sour mix. Whenever a margarita is like neon green my suspicions are raised, as was the case here. But all that aside, for beer and a burger I'm in!Just came into town for the long weekend and decided to stop in a suburb of Philly for lunch since we had some time before check in at the hotel. After a quick search of the area we had a couple of choices and settled on this place in a little main st district of Manayunk. 
One thing that isn't this places fault is parking. As with any major city if you drive into it. Parking can be a nightmare. So I hold nothing against the place for it. You can park on the streets or multiple lots. We walked in just as they started serving lunch so we were the first through the door and were instantly greeted by the two girls that were there. They never shared their names but both were incredibly friendly. Quick glance over the menu and there wasn't a lot of non alcoholic options for drinks. So I just went with a water, since bar fountain sodas never appealed to me. 
The choice was easy for me because I looked at the menu before coming and the breakfast cheesesteak sounded amazing. Basically steak tips and cheddar cheese and carmalized red onions and a fried egg all on a amaroso roll. Which all philly cheese steaks should be on. 
Now I am a sandwich guy. I get sandwiches almost every time I go out to eat. And I have a running list a top ten if you will. Of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I'd pop this sandwich right up there towards the top of this list. It was unbelievable my only regret is the yolk of the egg wasn't runny like I like it. But it didn't need to be. The steak was tender and flavorful and I love that they use red onions because when you caramelize an onion that isn't incredibly sweet you get a flavor that's hard to match. And the sandwich was paired with house made chips that just were a perfect accoutrement to the sandwich. 
I'll be thinking about how delicious that meal was for quite some time to come. And I'd recommend any sandwich lover to come and give it a try. I promise you won't regret it.They were quick, food was quality, and the beers were cheap at happy hour! One note, if you order fries expect.to eat nothing else. They give you a literal ton of fries.I literally downloaded this app just to leave a review on Craft. I've been going there for the past year, and just want to say that Lish has been absolute incredible every single time. She has been more than accommodating for every request. If I had to recommend anything to order, the craft burger is delicious. Thank you Craft staff for everything!Last night, Craft held a post- wedding ceremony dinner for myself and my now husband after my original venue was unable to have my reception. I have to say that everybody at craft was so kind, sweet and understanding. From explaining what we were looking for, to what food we wanted, I've never had a more accommodating experience. 
We had spoken to other restaurants about holding a dinner for about 3 hours, nothing fancy, and they all wanted to do is price gouge us and turn it into a whole reception, which is not what we were looking for, nor can we afford. 
Craft on the other hand was such a breath of fresh air. They understood our wants and needs and went out of their way for us. We had constant communication, a great menu (provided by the owner himself) and the way they set up the restaurant was stunning after we dropped off the supplies. Everybody was absolutely on point. Not only that, but the food was PHENOMENAL. 
Even if you don't have a formal gathering, I would highly highly recommend eating at their establishment, and ESPECIALLY becoming a regular. This is a wonderful restaurant "home" for us and we are so grateful for everything they have done.My wife I went there during the Manayunk Art show. They seem to be understaffed during one of the busiest days of the year for them. There were thousands of people on the street in front of them but I think they only had two servers for the entire restaurant. We had very infrequent visits from our server which extended our stay there quite a bit. We had a BBQ bacon cheese burger which was average. What really got me ticked off was paying $8 for an Allagash white beer. That seemed very expensive to me, and I live in center city. Overall the place was clean and staff were nice.  I just think they need to reevaluate their prices and have more staff on board.This was truly unbelievable. Arrived. Ordered. Waited 45 minutes for two meals. Meals were ice cold. Almost like they were ready 30 minutes prior. Waitress response to seeing we aren't eating: "Is it cold?" - yes, yes it was cold. Visibly. The cheese on the sandwich wasn't even melted. Upsetting to say the least.FYI I GIVE THIS PLACE 1 STAR BECAUSE OF THE RUDE AND UNPROFESSIONAL OWNER RUNNING THIS PLACE.
First I would like to say the waitress was amazing and probably needs to be promoted to a manager. She was the ONLY waitress for the ENTIRE restaurant and completely ran around like a crazy person. THE OWNER on the other hand walked around like he was too good to help her while he went out and smoked a cigarette and chatted with his friends. I only know all of this because when I went in for dinner I placed a to go order in the middle of dinner and we waited 45 MINUTES AFTER WE WERE DONE to get in, while him and his buddies laughed about our "missing burger" and the waitress ran around trying to figure out what happened to it. A word to the wise, don't go here, don't give this business your money because they do not care about the employees or customers. He literally walked by me, stared at me, than turned around and called the waitress to the back. I am in the business, if you have an issue going on in your place that you own... TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR IT! Than to top it off he sent the poor waitress out finally with the food to apologize never once coming to the to try to make the situation right. 
COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL.I've tried their food on numerous occasions as takeout. They have surprisingly good food for a pub! I've tried the Pub burger and the empanadas and they were both delicious. The pub burger was actually one of the best burgers I've ever had.
The staff was super friendly, they brought our drinks out and took our orders right away. We got the chicken avocado salad with an egg added, sweet potato fries and chicken tacos. All of the food was great, especially the fries! I hear they have a new menu now but haven't tried it recently, hopefully it's just as good. 
Great food & great staff. We'll definitely be back!