Every time I go to Beau Monde it's either raining or snowing or about to do one or the other, which is perfect because I like to pretend I'm dining in Paris instead of South Street and it makes the charade that much easier.
That said, my daughter and I sat in the lovely nook the day of the first snowfall of the season and dined on a ham & cheese crepe as well as one filled with strawberries and toasted coconut. The savory choice was good, but the sweet one was simply amazing. It was topped with whipped creme and was warm and gooey. 
In addition to the extensive choices (I love to have it my way) they were also playing The Shins and Wilco, which earns an extra star. Yeah Beau Monde!Great brunch....crepes are awesome..had about a 20 min wait on a friday..Omlettes are stuffed . Go there hungry an you will roll outBreakfast, lunch, dinner or dessert crepe - I have loved them all.  Love their Brittany style, square crepe made crispy with buckwheat flour.  The service is always friendly and being there in the winter with the fireplace roaring makes for a lovely date night.  I wish I could quit the bananas foster dessert crepe, but I can't or won't.Best crepes I've ever had. The a la carte menu is great, so many good options for making your own.  The House Suggestions are nice when you simply can't decide on your own.  Service was pleasant and fast.  Atmosphere is cute, romantic and french.
The best part is that you can either be very frugal by choosing veggies, or go all out and order the expensive stuff. Lots of variety.I have only been living in the area since September, but as of now this is by far my favorite restaurant. Have only been for dinner, and each time has been incredibly delicious. Ambiance is pretty cool, but if you don't get a window seat then you might be pressed for luck in the seating department.
This is a very minor issue, and the food more than makes up for it. Menu can be confusing to first timers. The top is a list of appetizers, which I always ignore. The middle is divided into two sections: dinner/savory crepes (yes, it's a crepery, but they do have a few regular entrees) and dessert/sweet crepes. They list ingredients (e.g. mushrooms, eggplant, chicken; mixed berries; nutella, ice cream), of which you can make any combination. The bottom of the menu offers suggested combos (if you're overwhelmed by the options and are afraid to do the math involved, stick to the combos).If you're feeling creative, mix and match to make your own delicious crepe invention.
My recommendations: savory - chicken, mushroom, broccoli, goat cheese; scallops or shrimp, mushroom, broccoli, tomatoes (ask for mushroom sauce instead of seafood sauce) / sweet - nutella, mixed berries, vanilla ice cream
Service is fine, nothing extraordinary but doesn't detract. Can be pricey with drinks and multiple ingredients. Dinner for two (and dessert) is usually at least $50, and that's probably on the conservative side.
Enjoy!My sister and I went for dinner yesterday, it was very quiet. I guess this place is only popular for breakfast and brunch, dinner crepes are not as appealing. I got the ratatouille because of the Disney movie, it was kind of bland. The portions were not filling, we were still hungry afterwards. I would like to give this place another try, perhaps for brunch or something.Great decor and ambiance. I came here with a group, but definitely recommend it for a romantic night out. THe cheese plate appetizer was beautifully set up  Tried the chocolate crepe with coconut and coffee ice cream and it was flavorful without being too sweet. Next time I'd love to try one of their savory options!Came here on a Sunday afternoon around 1:30 pm.  There wasn't much of a wait (10 minutes if that).  I got the salad special with figs and arugula.  It was good.  My fiance and I split the ham and cheese crepe and a build your own crepe with dulce de leche and apples.  It was ok but we haven't returned and feel no need to either.There's no doubt about it - the crepes here are delicious! The menu contains a wide variety of both sweet and savory crepes to match any taste, or you can pick from a full list of fresh ingredients and make your own. I tend toward sweet, so I ordered one with apples, almonds and honey - delicious!
My only caution is that, because it's so popular, the restaurant itself gets pretty loud. I was there with a group of 10, but I could only hear the people directly next to me. The service is also noticeably slow, again most likely due to the sheer number of other tables the staff attend to at this busy spot. I would have preferred a place where I could at least converse with the other members of my own party, but what can you do. Just prepare for a leisurely meal with a small group if you go!I spent a semester in Paris and got street crepes at least once a week; these do not even begin to compare. But we're in Philly so let's be reasonable.
I started going to this place in 2004 and it's been a go-to restaurant when I want something a little fancy and have the cash to splurge. Unfortunately, the prices have been substantially jacked up since 2004, so I don't go as often.
My usual is the mushrooms, swiss and toasted almonds crepe. Girlfriend gets the creamed spinach, chicken, tomato and swiss (chicken doesn't add much to the flavor so she gets it without when we're trying to be thrifty).  Both are tried and true and very delicious. The french onion soup is also very good.
If we have money and room in our bellies to spare, we usually split a sweet crepe. All the sweet crepes I've tried have been excellent, though my favorite is the classic Nutella Banana.
I've also had some bad crepes here. I thought the Shrimp, Spinach, Roasted Leeks & Seafood Sauce was much too fishy (and I like fish). Also be careful when you create your own - it's sometimes best to ask the waitress for a suggestion (they're usually very helpful).
I had the scallops, tomato and herb butter crepe last time. The scallops were overcooked and rubbery; I ate the rest but picked over what I paid $20 for. Luckily, when the waitress took my plate and saw that I clearly did not care for them, she said that she also thinks they're too well-done, and took the crepe off the bill completely. 
All in all, Beau Monde is really nice for a date, the food is pretty reliably good (presentation is beautiful), and the service is excellent.Absolutely delicious. Great service and amazing food. Good portions and good prices. I will be definitely coming back and bringing friends over. If you are looking for good French crepes this is the place to go.I've been coming to Beau Monde for years but this was the first time I tried their brunch menu.  Very good.    Had mimosas as well.What's up Philly!!!!! It's your boy again!!!!! Ok who's up for a french breakfast. Just a little change of pace & place lol. Just like always we ( wifey ) were out in Philly get'n our hustle on ( Uber ) when we decided to try this french cuisine spot. We didn't really here much about it but it looked cozy & warm. Now we've never been to France but l would have to say the decor gave us the feeling like we we're dining in the European country. Now crepes isn't nothing new to us but we wanted to taste an authentic crepe or something as close as possible without actually traveling to France. Now they gave you a choice between sweet & savory & we choose savory. I had shrimp, spinach & sauteed onions stuffed crepe & hers was stuffed with scrambled eggs & all types of veggies topped with fresh mash avocado. We also tried there french onion soup, ginger beer & rich hot chocolate ( So good ) The staff was very friendly a the service was great. The ceiling was high & the floor was a beautiful wide plank hardwood. There was a bar that sat in the right hand corner & a unique fireplace that sat in the middle of the restaurant.( That was nice). My dish was just ok it was a little bland but my wifes dish was excellent. But overall the meals were good & definitely filling. Now we will definitely come back to try something different because the service & staff was really great. So if your ever around 6th & South st give them a try.Amazing food, drinks, and service.  Not the cheapest place to have lunch and a drink, but not outrageous, and worth every penny :)One of the best restaurants i have ever visited.  We went for dinner  - it was absolutely amazing - from the dinner crepes (mushroom crepe, and then the shrimp crepe), wine and dessert! I'm not a huge fan of dessert, and usually skip it especially when i am full but we tried the nutella crepe with hazelnut ice cream and it was delicious. Loved everything. Wish i lived in Philly just for this restaurant.Having just got back from Paris last month I was craving a good Parisian experience and Beau Monde has been on my list forever so I decided to finally wander in and check it out.
The decor is simple and similar to a lot of places I visited in Paris. It's warm and inviting and our waitress was as well. She admitted that she was from the south and preferred "Southern BBQ" to French cooking but she was attentive throughout our meal so we tipped her well despite her lack of recommendations.
We started out with the French Onion soup which was Spot On! It had just the right amount of everything and was the perfect temperature unlike most pub versions of the French favorite. We also split a Crepe with Shrimp, Seafood Sauce, and Mixed Vegetables which was very well cooked and well presented but it was a very small portion.
We decided there was definitely room for dessert so we also indulged in a Banana, Nutella, Hazelnut ice cream Crepe which was yummy but I would have liked a lot more Ice cream (or maybe that's the American in me I suppose).
I would love to give this place 4 stars but with the portions small and the bill on the higher side I have to stay at 3 for now. Maybe I'll change my mind when I come back for brunch.
Overall a good experience and I'll definitely be back to try brunch!So I stopped by this crepe place because it was the closest one where I was at the moment. My friends and I had shared the plain crepe with berries, and the Crepe Suzette. I really liked how our waitress had the crepe Suzette and brûléed our crepe for us to see! It was really cool and a great experience. The chantilly cream was really good also. Only downside was that the prices seemed a bit high, but I would visit again.Wonderful, quirky exterior that really sets the mood for the restaurant, especially since it is affiliated with the L'etage cabaret bar across the street. I came here for brunch with a large group and ordered the chicken fricassee sunny eggs & creme fraiche buckwheat crepe. It was deliciously creamy and savory, and the crepe itself was quality. Everyone else ordered a different crepe, both savory and sweet ones, and seemed to enjoy theirs as well and finished them all. However, the service was a bit slow for Sunday noon.Crepes! Really good ones.. with mimosas.. lots of them!
My friend had a savory crepe which was totally out of the world.
My sweet crepe (i got a citrus berry crepe) wasn't bad at all too.
The cocktails were really good. We had mimosa, bloody marys and summer in paris.
Also, the service and ambiance was much appreciated.
All in all, great experience.Amazing food. Prices can be high for some but overall a great place to go.Excellent choice, calm, romantic atmosphere. 
Crepes were decadent!! 
I tried the Nutella crepe with vanilla ice cream. Also tried the escargot and the goat cheese pizza,  both were pretty good.Favorite date spot in the city. Intimate, upscale casually cool, great food, and cocktails. 
I've been coming here for 20 years since my parents brought me as a teen. Somehow it has remained consistently good over all these years. The Coq au Vin feels like home.
(Don't bring your kids and ruin it for the adults. I wish my parents didn't.)Had brunch herre a bit ago w/ a couple of mates. Sweet place literally and figurally. I like the set up alot, but cuz it was a nice warm day we sat outside on the little porch area.  The bar did look like a place I wouldn't mind grabbing a drink and hanging out at though. My ham, egg and swiss buckwheat crepe was tasty.. nice and light and my nutella, bananna and hazelnut ice cream was so good "I would... (and I am ripping off a quote from 30 rock creator and star and former SNL castmate Tina Fey) ..stick my dick in it," if I would not probably be banned from Beau Monde.  I sampled my friend's ratatouille crepe and that was also quite good an so was her bloody mary. Her soup was really good but I don't quite remember what was in it beside artichoke, because when she asked what the soup de jour was I kept on quoting dumb and dumber lines to myself. My other friend's esgargot was really mushy though so that would be a pass in my book, but overall good times at la Beau Monde.This place is fantastic, the food is great and not just for crepes. The duck salad is very good. But you must try the sweet crepes for desert. My favorite is the mixed berries with lemon curd. 
You should make reservations as this place can get very crowded.Short and simple:  the absolute best crepes I have ever eaten and excellent device to top it!My daughter wanted to try crepes and Beau Monde just happened to be in the right place at the right time. 
We were in the area because my daughter wanted to go to South Street. Hubs and I were VERY disappointed at how South Street has changed so much since the 80s and 90s. It used to be art galleries and fashion. Now it just seems like 8 different versions of Five Below
Hennyway - Beau Monde was a welcome oasis from the "cheapness" of the current South Street area.
The service was amazing...to the point that my 12-year old ordered the chocolate/Grand Marnier crepes and someone came out from the kitchen to inform us that GM is a liquor...and did we know that? I told her that we DID know that, and understood the booze would be "cooked off" in the flambe process. I appreciate the diligence!
I only have one suggestion: Hubs and I split the berry/lemon curd/lemon sorbet crepes (the portions are HUGE - Hubs and I had to help our daughter finish hers). The lemon curd could have been more than just a dollop on top of the crepes? I'm thinking it would have been even better to have the lemon curd mixed with the berries inside the crepes?
Hennyway - I haven't been to the area in 20 years,and probably won't for another 5 years...but this place is awesome!Had the pleasure of dining at Beau Monde recently for dinner (not sure why it shows as only a place for breakfast & brunch??).  The seafood bisque was a delight and the crepe with scallops had the most wonderful sauce--yummm!  Unfortunately those two filled me up so there was no room left for one of the enticing sweet crepes. Guess I'll have to make a return visit and start with the sweet! Service was excellent as well. It probably is good for my figure that I live far away from this place because I'm sure I'd be there regularly if I didn't.Romantic ambiance perfect for a date or brunch with friends.
We arrived amidst Sunday brunch and got to sit at the bar by the window (views, sun light and personalized bar service)
We oh ordered crepes... obviously!Yes the prices are kinda steep. Yes it's a little out of the way from University city. But you just can't beat sitting in a small, warm restaurant near the window, watching the snow fall, eating fluffy, rich and delicious crepes and sipping on cocktails to warm up after. Sound perfect? It was. 
My friend and I stumbled in here after getting caught in a little more snow than we expected. We ran to the restaurant and were so happy to be inside that we didn't notice that it was pretty packed on a Saturday. We asked the waitress for the wait for a party of 2 and she accommodated us in nearly no time at all! Thankful to just be inside from being so cold, this hospitality and great service made our great experience even better. 
Food: We decided on one sweet and one savory crepe. We made our own for both (I recommend this, considering how steep some of the prices are for the pre-made crepes). We got an egg, mushroom and mushroom sauce crepe and a nutella, strawberry and banana crepe. The egg, mushroom and mushroom sauce crepe was great -- the crepe was light, soft and the mushroom sauce pulled all the flavors together. The dessert crepe was even better, if that's possible. They added powdered sugar and a small swirl of whipped cream (flavored whip cream..what do you call that? it was almondy and delicious, whatever it was) to our plate, which was a nice addition. The crepe was softer than the savory crepe and the nutella amount was just enough -- melted perfectly with the warm bananas and strawberries. MMM definitely one of the best dessert crepes I've eaten. 
Tips:  
+Come here on a cold day, get a table by the fire, eat and be merry and then go to the bar across the street and warm up with some wine :)We loved the crepe out of this place!
For starters, try their French Onion soup.  It has a sweeter taste to it and it's wonderful.
The savory crepe with andouille sausage, sunny-side eggs, goat cheese, and caramelized tomato sauce was amazing.  We'd also recommend the scallop and seafood sauce crepe.  
As for the sweet crepes, you really can't go wrong.  The apples, goat cheese, honey, and creme fraiche was delicious.  The Suzette is also a great option (and entertaining).  
If you're in the mode for a dessert cocktail, they have an amazing coffee liqueur drink available.  I can't remember the name of it though.
Overall our dinner was amazing and the service was great!I love love love this place.  I do not know of any better crepes in Philadelphia, unless someone can refer me.  I've been here a number of times in the last five years, and the food is very consistently good.
The crepes can be built upon order and increase in price as more ingredients are added.  I.E., the prices vary based on what you order.  There is a wide range of meats, cheeses, veg, sauces, etc that can become part of the crepe and the ingredients are all very fresh and high quality in my experience.
I've tried a number or combination of ingredients for savory crepes such as egg/feta/spinach, broccoli/cheddar/tomato sauce, mushroom sauce/ratatouille/swiss cheese, etc.  Their sauces are particularly good.  I've also tried a couple of sweet crepes, which I like because they have the option of adding ice cream.  
I've had crepes from street vendors in Paris, and Le Beau Monde's crepes are of a different variety.  Le Beau Monde's crepes seem to have more variety than traditional crepes and the savory crepe itself seems slightly different.  I think the major difference is that Le Beau Monde's crepes seem to be more filling and rich.  I think of traditional crepes as being light and sweet whereas I think of Le Beau Monde's crepes as more filling and decadent.NOOOOOOOO! DON'T DO IT!!!
If I were French I would be offended by the positive ratings this overrated restaurant has received! 
Ugh, come on! Has ANYONE had a real crepe? Puh-lease. Don't settle for this place, go to a lunch truck on Temple or Drexel Campus to get something better and not to mention cheaper! (I haven't tried UPenn's crepes but Im SURE they're better!) 
This place is over priced. Portions are small. It's trying too hard to be a chic restaurant when really it should relax... how about playing some good music? That would make me forget how much I'm paying for your crappy food. I mean the least you could do is play French music not American top 40. 
Please, try other places for crepes, don't get brain washed by the good reviews.The beef borgonion crepe is amazing. I've had it twice and both times it was really good.This place is off south street, on a corner not very noticeable.
When me and the lady first walked into this place we felt as if the staff didn't take us seriously as patrons.
when we were seated it took a good while before the waitress came to our table to ask us what we would like to drink. It is here that i'd like to note:
Their Drink selection is pretty good and very unique. not to bad.
anyways... back to the waitress, i felt as if i walked into a cabaret club the way she was dressed. 
it wasn't very appropriate and me and the lady felt uncomfortable.
Another Side Note:
Not very Appropriate place for kids.
Ok! so... the lady orders a nutella blackberry with blueberry. and i order a nutella strawberry with blackberry crepe, and a scoop of ice cream on the side.
Now! crepes are delicate things that have to be cooked carefully and be cared for. it can not be over bearing because they are pastries. 
as they bring out our crepes, My Lady receives her crepe as she ordered and mine comes out... well not my order.
Side Note: She repeated our orders to us 3 times before she left our table. so how can you get it wrong!!!
i don't like causing a commotion so i just went with it. my ice cream was the best part of the meal. it was the only thing Separate from the crepe. 
The crepe was overbearing had too much fake strawberry preservatives was soggy and tasted like crap. thinking about it now still makes me angry.
so in the end i don't suggest anyone going here unless you really want a bad crepe or a free cabaret show. 
go to the reading market and visit profi's creperie for the true taste of a crepe and its much much cheaper!My husband took me to this place as a little surprise. Delicious delicious delicious. The ambience was very nice. Service was great. I really feel like the crepe that I made should be on the menu! I got mushrooms with mushroom sauce, roasted leeks, goat cheese, with lemon butter on top. I literally savored every bite. On the pricier end but if you're going for a nice night out its so worth it!Came here for brunch on Sunday 8/10, read the great reviews online and were hungry. 
I ordered the chicken satay to start, it was in this Thai peanut sauce which was pretty amazing, followed that up with a banana, Nutella crepe with hazelnut ice cream! The combo of flavors were perfect for my pallet. 
Since vacationing in Paris and the south of France two months ago, these crepes came close to the quality over there. Would def recommend this place if you are ever in PhillyMy friend had the beet and goat cheese salad and I had envy of  a beet and goat cheese salad.
Crepes are good, not as good as France or Japan you fools who think they are. Actually Profi's in Reading Terminal is better and cheaper. Here you are paying for South Street and ambiance. 
Probably will not return unless someone reallllly wanted to goSoooo I may or may not have made my friend walk 2.6 miles to come here. But I told her yelp recommended it so she knew the trip would be worthwhile.
And it was. The crepes were absolutely to die for. In typical fashion, we wanted to try as many dishes as possible without feeling the need to explode. Thank you, sharing. They even put our half crepes on separate plates, making partition effortless yet plate clutter kind of an issue.
One savory and one sweet is definitely the way to go.  We enjoyed a Cajun Gumbo (shrimp, okra and rice in a spicy cajun sauce) and a brown sugar/toasted almond crepe both prepared and presented with precision and beauty.
Docking a star on account of the "meh" service. It took 20 minutes for our server to deliver menus and service was generally slow throughout our dining experience (coffee refills, getting the check etc etc). I believe the neglect stemmed from our outdoor seating arrangements, but this really shouldn't be an excuse.
I still would have upped that mileage to 3.6, though.A gem of a place... Authentic French crepes... You will never have a crepe this good... The savory and sweet crepes are to die for... When it's nice out they have good outside seating... This is a place you can call your special place...Definitely not one of the most popular spots in Philly, but a GREAT find! Besides the food being magnificent (definitely the closest to Parisian crepes that I've found), the ambiance is perfect for a romantic date (although I've had plenty of girls night out here too). The lighting is soft and the music low so you can actually hear each other. The tables aren't too close together so it feel private. The selection of crepes is enormous and there are choices from sweet to savory. If you aren't a crepe fan, don't worry, there is a large menu selection of other dishes, although I can't comment on them because all I've had is crepes. However, my friends who have tried them rave about them almost as much as I do the crepes. Prices are also very reasonable...apps and dinner for four with drinks came to $25 a person. Would recommend this place to anyone!On a trip to Philadelphia, my boyfriend and I passed this on our way back to our hotel. We liked the name & the style, so we decided to look up the menu and we went. He got a chicken, cheddar and broccoli dinner crepe, I got a mushroom, egg and cheddar dinner crepe, and we split an apples and brown sugar dessert crepe. All this, with two beers and a coffee, was only about $42, and it was a lot of food-- I took home about 1/3 of my crepe! And the crepes were delishhh, especially the mushroom sauce on mine.
The service was wonderful and fast; our waitress (Amie?) was super friendly and nice (as were most people we experience in Philly) and even the busboy had a recommendation for dessert. The waitress was even nice to the dummy next to us who couldn't understand the "build your own crepe" menu and messed up his own order-- then blamed her! It was a tad dark, but the atmosphere was nice (I'd say a good date place).
All in all, a great place!Had a reservation but did not seat us until 20 mins later and sat walk-ins before me. That was the minus star. Other than that the crepes were amazing - hazelnut ice cream, banana and brown sugar. Waitstaff was efficient, on point and helpful.Going out to eat is about living in the moment, and for brunch moments this Has to be my favorite spot. Try to come hungry though as the portion sizes seem to be more American than French. Interior looks like the love-child of Japan and France but pulls it off masterfully. Servers have always been attentive, given great recommendations, and not been pestering or overbearing in any way. Management presence is almost nonexistent; always a good sign. It's a well put together menu with some great salads, wines, beers (including French dry ciders woooo), and appetizers (their escargot is fantastic). Never had room to sample the desserts--some day. Even their outside seating area, though sparse, is nice. 
Overall the focus of this place is its terrific mix of sweet and savory crepes. Everything else just accentuates this strength. My only suggestion would be to overhaul the cheese program (little expensive and nothing is listed) and to disassociate yourselves from l'etage (shudder).Amazing, thin and light crepes. Perfectly fluffy texture, and amazing varieties for the filling. You can build your own or go with a pre-selected combination of flavors. Sweet and savory are both incredible, and you honestly can't go wrong with any crepe here.
-1 for Beau Monde because the prices are slightly higher than expected, but I guess that comes with the amazing dining experience. Service was on point, and the ambiance was extremely cute and quaint. Would definitely recommend for crepe lovers!This is one of my favorite places to take my wife for dinner. The ambiance is so great (they have a big, stone fireplace that creates a pretty rustic feel) and the staff is pleasant. In the warmer months, we like to eat outside.
We really enjoy the cheese plate appetizer. It's served with a nice variety of cheeses, along with some fruit. Crepes comprise the majority of the menu. The menu is segmented into sweet and savory sections. I invariably order off of the savory section (I like their andouille sausage) and the wife orders from the sweet section (she loves that it's like eating dessert for dinner - i.e. dessert followed by more dessert).
They have a decent beer selection, too. I think the last time I was there I got a Chimay Blue.
I really recommend checking out Beau Monde.Delicious! I wish there was a creperie  this good in D.C.
I've eaten here with a group of girlfriends and come with my boyfriend for a romantic dinner...this space is well suited to either. The decor and ambiance are lovely, and it's definitely a place to linger over your meal. And linger you will.
Their savory crepes run the gamut from basic (cheese) to unusual (coq a vin, seafood, etc). All of the fillings are piled into a buckwheat crepe and presented to you on huge plate. Don't be fooled--you can have crepes for dinner here, and walk away more then satisfied.
The sweet crepes are also beyond delicious, with fillings including all manner of fresh fruit, ice cream, creme anglais, Nutella, you name it. Consuming a meal and dessert crepe in one sitting requires an empty stomach and a big appetite--and it's completely worth it.
Oh yes, and they bring you coffee with cream in an adorable cow-shaped pitcher. What's not to love?I ordered a chicken & broccoli crepe. It came out plain on a dish with no sauce over it or any garnish. Just a medium sized square crepe. Biting into, it was really liquidy. Not enough of cheese and there was literally no salt/pepper seasoning. Just boiled broccoli and bland chicken with NO FLAVOR. So disappointed and I can't believe I spent nearly $20 after tip for a mediocre dish. I'd recommend you skip this place if you're looking for flavor. The ambiance was cool though.Came here with a large group for a bridal shower brunch. It's a very cute place with the feel of a Parisian cafe. I split a savory and a sweet crepe with a friend. I had the egg, swiss cheese, and ham first. A simple crepe filled with deliciousness in each bite. For my sweet crepe I got one with pears, chestnut cream, and chocolate. All I can say is wow... It was a great trio of flavors bound to make anyone happy.Amazing brunch place!! If you like crepes, this a fantastic place to go. Their menu will leave you speechless because the options are endless but I've never had a bad crepe there. At my most recent visit, I tried the goat cheese mousse. In one word - PHENOMENAL. Really. It's THAT good. Get it. The Coq A Vin and salmon and artichoke crepes are great and worth mentioning. Their dessert crepes are to die for as well. This place is a gem. Don't forget to order your mimosas!Wow this place exceeded my expectations.
So I'm one of those people that doesn't really eat bread. or cheese. or most Frenchy-foody things. (Judge me if you want but I'm ma do me.)
It was with apprehension that walked to a celebration brunch at Beau Monde, expecting crepes would be the only option and I would be forced to spend $18 to eat only the middle parts. 
But behold! Contrary to the crepe-only brunch menu a la website, Beau Monde has salads! soups! Even omelettes! Not on the menu, so inquire. (At first I ordered the salad du jour, which involved quail eggs, asparagus and potatoes, but switched to an egg white omelette when I heard my gluten-free friend order it.  The dressing for the salad is divine. The omelette an appropriate size.)
My food fear vanished and at once I was in full-fledged enjoyment along with 10 other women at our long table. 
Not that I wasn't taken with the place upon entering. The warm golden hues of this French stay-cation wrap you in the joie de vivre and you are subsumed in plaisir parisienne.Dessert crepes were pretty good here, although thicker than I would have liked. What surprised me the most was that each one was $12+. I would expect over $12 for a lunch or dinner crepe, but for dessert they should have been priced at $6-8.I planned a birthday dinner here for 11 people and they were so gracious, even when I changed the party number multiple times and even when people came an hour late. They were patient and very accommodating (the bartender even charged my camera battery behind the bar for me!). Our waitress, Shaun (sp?) was THE cutest thing; so sweet, helpful and absolutely adorable. She answered every question, fulfilled every request and patiently took all the pictures. 
The food came out pretty fast and everyone couldn't stop moaning about how delicious it was. I made my own combo of cajun gumbo and spinach - whatever was in that sauce was to die for. Some had a struggle finishing theirs. For dessert my friends and I each contributed something we wanted; nutella, caramel, coffee ice cream and fresh berries. It was a scrumptious gooey mess that finished the meal perfectly. Sure its a little pricey but you definitely get what you pay for!
Oh and did I mention that they had chianti? Restaurants never have chianti. I couldn't have asked for a better dinner for my birthday.I didn't think crepes could be filling - after all, the French are notoriously non-obese, and it's simply not possible to become full unless eating a foie-gras burger and duck fat french fries.
Lies.
Beau Monde did it...with a buckwheat crepe so delicate it's a wonder the leeks and mushrooms didn't burst through its soft skin. Skippy with the fillings, Beau Monde was not. 
And for dessert, it might be wise to enjoy the slightly sour succulence of a white sugar and lemon crepe, which is sugared, and lemoned just enough so that you can taste the light-wheat-sweetness that composes the crepe itself.I've passed by Beau Monde several times before but never gone in because it seemed slightly more expensive than I was looking for each time (has the appearance of a generical fancy French place). I ended up coming with friends to get a drink and appetizer before meeting with a larger group for dinner, and we all felt like we'd stumbled upon gold.
The place may seem expensive depending on your expectations going in, but I was pleasantly surprised to see how many $3-5 options there were. So my friends and I shared a couple drinks, a salad du jour, and a baked pear crepe (for which we requested an addition of blue cheese). The salad was incredible - it included a rich pumpkin and was extremely well balanced overall. The crepe was also delectable, and the addition of blue cheese turned out to be a brilliant request. 
The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is that I haven't had a full meal here yet, and our experience may not be representative of what others are seeking, but for what we were looking for (something light and tasty to tide us over), we really could not have stumbled into a more perfect place.Mmmmm!!  Can't go wrong w/the crepes here.  I had the traditional ham & egg crepe and the banana w/nutella chocolate crepe.  Nothing really stood out here, but crepes are good in general and what I had were solid good crepes like the ones I had in France back then.We stopped by Beau Monde on New Years Day for a late brunch after calling ahead for a table. Upon arrival, It was just a few minutes wait until we were seated.  The dining area is very cozy, elegant, and inviting with a fireplace front and center.  The crepe menu is pretty straightforward - sweet or savory.  For brunch as always, I go for savory, as did my boyfriend.  The menu presents some suggested combinations, as well as a list of ingredients to choose from to create your own crepe. We both decided to create our own crepes, as some of the suggested options were a bit on the pricey side for brunch.  I had the feta, tomato, and creamed spinach and my boyfriend ordered a crepe with ratatouille, tomato and swiss cheese.  The portions were larger than we expected and the crepes quite filling and delicious - both of our ingredient choices worked well.  As is the trouble with create-your-own menus, I could see how it would be possible to create a funky, less than desirable crepe combination. Next time I definitely want to try one of the 'house recommendation' crepes.  If you are looking for something other than a crepe here, I definitely recommend the seared tuna salad.  
Also of note...
- Service was decent
- The bloody marys, while delicious are small
- L'Etage upstairs has decent beer on tap 
One of the more unique brunch experiences in Philly.  I'll definitely return.A lovely atmosphere complete with a wood burning fireplace. We really wanted to like this place. However the coq au vin tasted like it could have come out of a can.  Over cooked stew with mushy veggies and gravy.   The French onion soup was ok, but we have had much better and it was overpriced. We did not try the sweet crepes and perhaps they would be better.   Too bad. I wished it had been better.Did a birthday brunch, got there on a Sunday 11am and was able to put in a reservation for 11:30am. Sat at the bar til then, got a blood orange mamosa. It was good but not $9 good. The waitress was great to point out the popular savory and sweet crepes. I got a side of bacon too, it was 3 slices for $3.. Any crepe is totally worth the $11-$18 and will fill you up. The place was very warm and friendly, saw a bunch of families with toddlers. I will definitely be going back to try more crepes.Went there for Sunday brunch yesterday and sat out on the porch.  The location was great, easy to get too, not too loud.  I ordered a cafe latte which was absolutely delicious. My BF ordered a large orange juice that seemed to be pretty small for a large but it was good.  The apple, almond, caramel, vanilla ice cream crepe was to die for! I would definitely go here for brunch again :)Coq Au Vin...and another all-veggie one...followed by their cherry crepe with creme fraiche.  We shared of course, mmm Food Foreplay.
Great ambiance, was too warm to dine outside.. but we loved it. The only way to improve the place? If this was a BYO!
Perfect food, very savory, and attentive service. Its close to Ghetto South Street sure, but there are other places to visit post-dinner (Chicks, Brauhaus). Check it out, a good night for sure.Ok, I love this place despite the prices and a sprinkle of attitude from the wait staff.  My latest visit was really my first with a toddler and I think that they are not going to go out of their way to make babies/kiddos welcome.  Also, considering the price of lunch (soup and salad) I would expect to be pretty full but wasn't.   
All that being said I would still suggest enjoying a lunch on their well appointed patios.  The enclosure safely enclosed my wandering toddler, the service ended up to be quite pleasant and the sweet potato soup was wonderful.Beau Monde is an excellent place for crepe and drinks. I can't speak to their other offerings but the many crepe fillings are delicious. The restaurant is consistent in delivery of good food. We've eaten at Beau Monde several times. Its a particulary good destination for brunch - just seems to be made for this meal.Beau Monde is an excellent creperie on the edge of the bella vista section of Philadelphia. The food is just as excellent as the location. First, I shared two crepes. Eating them was easy, but the hardest part was finding ingredients that blend well together. My only complaint about this restaurant is that, while there are numerous savory fillings from which to choose, there isn't a great diversity in the type of ingredients work well together. We ordered a crepe with ratatouille and andouille sausage, and a dessert crepe with banana, ice cream and caramel. Both were executed excellently and had wonderful flavors. Beyond that, the space was beautifully arranged and fairly spacious. I would happily go back monthly.extremely overpriced for crepes that don't even compare to some offerings at the various Philly college campuses. 
the food was decent in terms of taste, but that's not really the reason for the bad review. 
i dined here with a couple of folks and our party size was 5. normally for parties of this size, it is NOT customary to include gratuity on the check - this was not the case when i dined here. the server included a 20% gratuity for really mediocre service. ok i get that the economy is bad and you may be getting stiffed more often, but this sort of behavior is unacceptable. party sizes of 5 do not typically get gratuity added, nor is gratuity ever 20% when it does get added (most places leave it at 18%). the random male server (who cares what his name was) must've known his service was pretty bad to add this to the check rather than miss out  - here's a note: maybe if you improved your attitude you would get better tips. 
passCool place and interesting cocktails but this place gets packed. Tables are way to close together and there's very little walking room. Expect to get bumped into and for it to be very, very loud. We ate basically in silence (and very quickly) so we could just get out of there.I did the "Build Your Own Crepe" and got what I wanted. A basic crepe with egg, spinach, cheese and tip cost me around $18. This is a cute place, well lit with candles and a romantic ambiance; however, it runs a bit pricey for the amount of food and quality of crepes you're getting. 
I recommend coming here for dessert only.I so badly wanted this to be a 5 star destination!  The decor reminded me of New Orleans (my hometown) and I had been looking forward to going to Beau Monde ever since my co-worker mentioned it.  So, we went on a nice night and my husband and I sat outside.  It felt so perfect especially after our glass of wine.  I ordered a Ratatouille crepe (thought I'd be different) and he got one with prosciutto.  Both were good.  We opted to share dessert........the Nutella crepe (it is supposed to be with bananas but we got them on the side). FYI...my husband is a Nutella freak.  We haven't been buying it lately because he has  been cutting back and he's known to eat right out of the container until it is gone.  Anyway, so we were really anticipating this dessert crepe. He takes one bite and immediately knows that it is not really Nutella but some other chocolate hazelnut product.  I offered him the rest of my wine to keep him from freaking out on the server (it worked) but I heard about it the whole walk home.  Ok, the fact that it wasn't authentic Nutella I can actually forgive my problem was that it was stingily smeared on the inside and that I cannot forgive.  Bottom line is that for the price Beau Monde can afford to be a little more generous.I came to Beau Monde and got the lunch special which included a french onion soup and my choice of crepe. The crepe itself was really tasty it met all criteria a crepe is supposed to meet; thin and crunchy, however the buckwheat flavor through me off. I understand that the buckwheat crepe is a healthier option than the traditional flour based crepe, but theres nothing better than having savory fillings with a slightly sweet crepe. I have not tried their sweet crepes as yet. I will definitely be back soon.Beau Monde just does everything right. 
If you're looking for a fairly casual but nice brunch, come in the day time where it's bright and laid back. And if you're looking for a great dinner date place that shows a bit of character, taste, and class, BM is still your place. 
Food is fantastic. A step above what you think of when you think "crepe". I suggest getting a savory crepe like Andouille Sausage for your entree and following up by having one of their fantastic sweet crepes.A BRUNCH PLACE THAT TAKES RESERVATIONS!!! I took all of my bridesmaids there to have a brunch so they could all meet each other and it was a big hit. They mostly just serve crepes, which was fun and different although I wish there was more options. It was a beautiful French-inspired atmosphere. :)Staff is nice, however the place is a fancy plate place, we left hungry and it was extremely over priced.I got smoked salmon artichoke hearts with eggs crepes  and it was absolutely delicious. Everyone loved what they ordered and it was not crowded at all for a Saturday morning. Unlike other overly sweet hot chocolate, they use dark chocolate and it was so good that I had to get another cup. Overall very satisfying experience.By far the best crepes I have ever had. I ordered one from the specials menu and it included egg, goat cheese, mushrooms, andouille , and some other deliciousness. I usually have quite a large appetite and I had some trouble trying to finish this thing. Blood Orange Mimosas were also amazing. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a tasty brunch spot in Philly!What a wonderful experience
Philly seems to have more than its share of French/Belgium eateries which suits me just fine.  I liked that Beau Monde hits all the necessary high notes without any of the drudgery of taking itself too seriously.
The restaurant is wide and spacious with repeating gold panels in a classy Parisian-style pattern.  Plenty of outdoor seating which we declined as they sit at the crux of a busy intersection one block off of South Street.  Plenty of windows and a very friendly waitstaff.
You are coming to this restaurant for savory and sweet crepes.  If you're in the mood for something else plan on asking them to wrap it into a crepe.  Our group had four savory crepes for Sunday brunch.  Each was a mini-masterpiece.  My savory buckwheat crepe was filled with andouille sausage, fresh mushrooms and two fried eggs.  My brother had his made with goat cheese, chicken, leeks, olives, and sun dried tomatoes.  Magnifique!  The sweet apple crepe covered in powdered sugar is how every meal should end. Oh, and terrific coffee.
Overall an excellent experience and very good value.  Great for a lazy Sunday brunch with friends and family.  Afterwards you can go to South Street to take in the spectacle.My mom's favorite girls'-day-out place for lunch. It is a little expensive, but you can't beat the French cafe atmosphere. We both had cheddar, broccoli, and chicken crepes. There was a lunch special in which those crepes came with a house salad or  French onion soup. I asked for the soup of the day, which on the menu is the same price as the onion soup, but they wouldn't substitute the SOTD for the onion soup. Weird, so that was my 1-star-off rating.OH MY GOD THIS PLACE WAS HEAVEN!!!
I'm obsessed with Best Thing I Ever Ate so when we planned a day trip to Philly, I figured we would try this place.  Boyfriend likes crepes, I like anything sweet and tasty so sure why not.
I didn't even know until the show that crepes are not just desserts, you can put "lunch" or "dinner" in a crepe as well!  It took us way too long to decide but we decided on a sweet and savory to split and went with the Ted Allen crepe of mushrooms, swiss cheese and almonds and made our own sweet crepe of cherry compote and dark chocolate.
I could eat chocolate and sweets until the end of time and even though the sweet crepe was awesome, the savory one was to die for.  If I could have one a day, I would!  The balance of the mushroom/mushroom sauce flavoring with the strong swiss cheese taste was fantastic and the almonds gave it this delicious little crunch to balance out the other flavors as well.
Unfortunately I don't remember our waitresses name but she was super cute and sweet and very patient with our indecisiveness!
Oh and beers are about $3.50 a piece and coming from New York, you can't go wrong with that!  The whole meal was super affordable which was also a nice surprise.
Beau Monde - you are on my go to stop whenever I come to Philly!One of the finest, and least expensive, brunches I've ever had.  The bloody marys are tasty as hell too.The first time I was ever at Beau Monde was about 9 years ago and after going the other day I pleased to say that nothing has changed!
My husband and I sat outside on a lovely, warm February afternoon last Friday. We were seated immediately, but my husband wasn't too pleased when he said thank you to the host and host just...what's the word.. grunted? I thought it was no big deal as the looked like they were getting slammed due to the nice weather. 
Our served came out about 5 minutes later and was very sweet. We ordered a pâté platter to begin, I ordered the mixed berry sweet crêpe with crème anglaise and my husband ordered the smoked salmon and braised leek savory crêpe with crème fraiche. I also ordered a glass of pinot grigio.
I think my only half-complaint would be that it took about 10 minutes to bring me my glass of wine. But having said that we were in no rush and it was a BIG glass of wine for only $6.50, just what I needed after my work week. The pâté followed in a timely manner and there were three different kinds served with fresh bread, whole grain mustard, olives and cornichons (gherkins). All were excellent and served at the correct temperature (not too cold yay!). We especially enjoyed the chicken liver mousse and pâté maison, but the duck and pistachio was very good as well. I would like to see the pâtés presented differently though, they were all in loaf form(where oh where in the city can I find rillettes?), but I'm just being nit picky.
Crêpes followed (again thank you to our served who asked in the middle of our pâté if we wanted them now or later. Very nice pick-up as we did not specify this at the beginning.) Well my crêpe  was just bliss... a island of crispy crêpe filled with fresh berries in a small sea of PERFECT crème anglaise. Pro tip: If you do not like a lot of crème anglaise make sure you specify that. I like it the way the serve it (i.e. A LOT) but I could understand how someone could not. My husbands crêpe was wonderful as well, just the perfect amount of saltiness which is sometimes hard to achieve when working with smoked salmon.
All in all, unless there is huge change in the wrong direction, I will always come back.Went for valentines day.  We had a limited menu that had the price jacked up a good 20%.  NOT impressed.  The food was not worth the base price, let alone the added premium.  Will not be back.I always thought having a "Crepe" as a meal was kinda wierd. I just never understood it, so I was iffy coming to this place.
The place very cute and quaint. Staff was super nice and service was great. For dinner you get to choose your own crepe w/whatever meats, sauces, veggies you wanted in it, or you can order on of their specialties. My bf and I split one because we knew we couldnt pass up a dessert crepe after our entrees. We went w/the grilled chicken ratatouille. The dish was great, warm  crepe filled w/chicken and topped w/ratatouille sauce and veggies. Super light but very good.
For dessert we got the warm glazed pear crepe w/nutella and a scoop of vanilla sherbert.... O.M.G! This was to die for!! The pear topped w/a lil bit of ice cream was the perfect combination. We still talk about this crepe til this day. haha
Like the website says, this is a great 2nd date spot.. and no joke, it really is.