Food was just ok.  We started with an order of the gnocchi which is good, however ordering the half Gorgonzola and half marinara sauce, I thought it would have been served on two different plates. NOPE.  Just plopped the sauces one to the left side, one to the right side.  The two bled together and ruined it for me.  The chicken al forte was again, OK.  It stated there was crab meat atop the chicken along with mushrooms...mushrooms yes, crab meat no.  For a BYOB it's ok.  A nice plus is they accept credit cards.  Would I go again? No.Nice Italian restaurant in the Bella Vista area of Philly. I had the pollo vita (chicken with spices and vegetables) and it was outstanding. The servers were very nice but a little bit slow in asking if we wanted desert and the check, but nothing too horrible. Would definitely recommend this restaurant, and the BYOB is always a plus.Cute BYOB, great for girls night out, or a date.  Loved the warm fresh baked bread, the homemade pasta, and the sense that I was eating in someone's living room with twinkling mood lighting. Enjoyed the buffalo mozzarella with artichoke hearts the gnocchi was nice, but the lobster shrimp ravioli is where it's at!I went to this place for my birthday and they could not have been more accommodating! We had a group of about 15 and they called a few times to check in and make sure everything was set - they even knew my name when I called back to confirm! We went there on the later side so there was only one other party, which was probably a good thing because a bunch of college kids can often get a bit too noisy for other diners. However, the waitress was very nice and did not mind our loud volume at all (she actually seemed amused by it). The food was pretty good...I definitely recommend either of the gnocchis. The only thing was that it was a little overpriced for not a huge plate of food. Great BYO place though - I'm surprised more people don't know about it!This place is small and loud perfect for a Saturday night with friends out to have a good time and get a great meal. The wait staff was awesome very witty and willing to have fun with our table. We had a party of 10 and they all enjoyed the time spent in this great feel at home Italian eatery. Thanks guys for making it an enjoyable night.We wanted to find a uniquely authentic Italian restaurant that was not on the "tourist trap" list.  We were hosting a couple from our college days, who had never been to Philadelphia before. Reviews in "Yelp" made this one of our top picks. We were not disappointed at all. We were greeted by the host Vinny, who gave us personal attention as he took our wine and chilled it until we were ready to order. We started with the gnocchi as our appetizers. It was fantastic! The main courses were well prepared and delicious. Suggest you order the ricotta cheese cake, it was fluffy.extra YUM.  We went there recently again and it was just even better than I remember. Just go. Have the gnocchi.  Have the seafood dishes, which are incredibly fresh and delicious. My son is a "just plain" kindof kid...they obliged and only put olive oil on the gnocchi and he asked for a second helping! They also added chicken to a pasta dish for me, and will do just about anything to make you happy. The service is excellent- friendly, attentive, without being pretentious. Perfect little south philly Italian restaurant. Oh, and it's BYOB!This place is amazing!  Fantastic food, great service.  The place looks dicey from the outside, and the inside is a bit better.  I have never been disappointed here. The Gnochi is delicious, fairly ligh with a cream sauce.  The grilled Calamari is awesome as well. Prices are a bit high, but worth it.  It's never crowded on a weeknight and usually not bad on a weekend.  All in all, two thumbs up!I love this place! I have been to most of the Italian restaurants in Philly multiple times (I've lived in Bella Vista for several years) and I really love this spot. It's cozy, the food is delicious (although the menu is very centered on seafood, chicken, and veal), and I have never had a bad meal here. Tonight my boyfriend and I had the fillet minion special with crab meat and Gorgonzola on top and I had a lobster tail with ricotta gnocchi and crab meat in a fra diavolo sauce. Both were excellent. We both felt our entrees were equal to a similar meal we had at Saloon- which was more than double the price, but here we got to bring our own wine and enjoy ordering what we wanted without worrying about the price. Definitely try this if you want a cozy neighborhood spot with creamy comfort Italian food.Went in for an earlier dinner at 630 and loved the date-night romantic feel. Gnocchi were absolutely amazing. The wait staff was so attentive and accommodating!!! We heard all about the amazing gnocchi and couldn't decide between the flavor combinations, so the lovely staff made all the combinations of tomato, Gorgonzola, spinach and potato gnocchi/sauce combinations possible. We couldn't pick between desserts so they let us have a sampler plate of all of them for the price of 2 desserts for 2 people. Not once were our water glasses empty or plates on the table waiting for the staff to help us. Espresso as well as being able to date your wine cork and add it to their collection for memories when we return was worth the trip alone. So many good things to say about it - you have to go.The gnocci is to die for and the rest of the menu is terrific.  The owner and staff are exceptional.  Quant atmosphere and a perfect fall/winter hang out.  Highly recommended!This restaurant epitomizes the best Italian food I ever tasted ANYWHERE; tonight however, I must admit was the worst experience EVER! The restaurant is very intimate and tends to be echoey and cacophonous when busy. Tonight's guests included a very large and loud bachelorette party that had no clue, nor the intention, on how to comply with decent and courteous public behavior. They were loud, belligerent and completely relished that their rude and rowdy behavior was a sore spot to many of the patrons dining at the establishment. My criticism is with the restaurant for allowing such an indecent behavior to thrive in their establishment. I couldn't wait to down my food and proceed to leave the restaurant . I couldn't stand the assault on my ears a minute longer-I only wish the bottles of wine we imbibed were enough to help us cope with this hideous experience, alas they weren't.My favorite restaurant in South Philly.  You can pay more but you can't find better.  Ms. Forte is a fabulous chef.  IMO she makes the best gnocchi in the country, light as a feather.  On a recent trip I had a lobster tail Fra Diablo special which was  covered with crabmeat served with Gnocchi in the same sauce.  My wife ordered off the menu and Maria made her the same dish with some type of lobster  cream sauce covered in crabmeat, son had purses of pasta stuffed with Ricotta in a creamy sauce with large shrimp and crabmeat.  None of us could finish and the food reheated great for a next day dinner.  We ended the dinner with a homemade ricotta cheese cake that was spectacular.  Just a fabulous meal.  BYOB makes the price manageable.  I have eaten almost everything on the menu and it is all great! This is one of my favorite restaurants in the country.  Try to go on an off night when the noise level is manageable and you will have a great time.Food was OK. I've better gnochi, for sure.
Server was just ok. Can't understand why, when bringing me grated cheese he failed to offer it to the other 5 people at our table.
Also, VERY noisy. w
We won't be returning.Came with my fiance and her parents for pre-mother's day dinner -- and the worst dining experience of my life.
To be fair, the food was really good - no complaints there. And the guy who refilled our water and cleared our table - he was friendly and attentive. 
But our main server - he did not seem interested in actually serving us. After we ordered appetizers, he asked if we were ready to order entrees. He really didn't care, because when we said that we would prefer to wait a bit more, he said it would be best to order asap because it was a busy Sat night. When my fiancee's mom asked if she could order a half-portion of the risotto, the server said, "we don't generally do that on a Saturday night" -- this was after we had already ordered two appetizers. My fiancee's mom, who doesn't like to upset people, was so flustered that she ordered the full portion salmon instead. "I felt so intimidated," she told me. I did not have those qualms - so I walked up to the waiter and asked if we could change it to the half-portion risotto. He refused, saying now that it was "policy." When I asked for his manager, he claimed that he *was* the manager. I told him that I would let other diners know about this "policy" on Yelp. He said, "fine." 
And things kept going downhill. He got my fiancee's order wrong. She told him. Our server looked at us, said OK and left. No offer to replace the order. No apology. No nothing.
This experience left our entire party seething. For the first time in my life, I left $0 in tip. Apparently, the server/manager cared more about getting us out of there than the reputation of his restaurant. And he succeeded -- we hurried out after spending just over an hour for our mother's day dinner. My fiancee's mom wondered if we weren't dressed well enough. I wondered if it was racism (I am Chinese; my fiancee's family is Jewish). To this day, we still don't understand what had happened. But I will never go back again.I went here on a double date, and came across this place completely by accident.  We we originally going to Cent'Anni around the corner, but all the lights were off... (hopefully they didn't succumb to this horrible economic situation... that's a five star restaurant in my book!)  Anyways, this was very similar to our original destination, and that's a good thing.  
Same intimate, perfectly lighted (not too light, not too dark) atmosphere, byob (!!), and yummy yummy italian food.  We started off with the spinach gnocchi in gorgonzola sauce, which was delicious.  The filling kind of had the consistency of a new container of Play-doh, but I didn't mind.  The sauce was AMAZING.  We also got basket after basket of home-made bread, which was PERFECT. Perfectly moist and soft on the inside, with a nice crust on the outside, loved loved LOVED!  We also had fried calamari, which I'd pass on next time... nothing special about it.  The calamari at Alma de Cuba is way way better.  
My entree was one of the specials, lobster ravioli with jumbo shrimp in a cream sauce, soooo good.  It didn't look like much food initially, but I was full when I was done. 
My boyfriend had the Pollo Alla Forte, which he said was delicious.  He had a side of spaghetti, and be warned... it is SPICY.  Spicy in a way that coats your mouth, and takes a couple gulps of water (or wine) to get rid of.  Every bite. He didn't finish it.  
The best part was that it was BYOB.  They open the wine for you, put it on ice, and you go to town.  We came prepared, and brought 2 large bottles with us, so we were feeling pretty wonderful when we left.  Overall, a great place to go with some friends.I was really looking forward to taking my friend here for her birthday, but we were all disappointed. The service was not great, although she was a very nice woman she was not a good server. She messed up our order and was slow despite only being one of three tables. When we asked questions she said she didn't know. She had no recommendations when we asked which was odd. Everything we ate was not great and I know I could have made better at home (and I'm on the level of cook for survival, not really for pleasure) I'm glad I tried it because I had heard good things but was disappointed overall. Not a repeat place for me.Mediocre experience.  Good: Service, appears to be own and operated by a family.  Bad: the food was overpriced and poor in quality. I ordered chicken and it was one of the poorest quality pieces of chicken I've ever had. Additionally, the portion size was small.One of the better Italian restaurants you can go to anywhere. I personally like the BYOB as you always get overcharged for bottles of wine.
Great intimate place with an entertaining waiter, went for a business dinner with 8 people and everyone raved about there meals. 
zuppa di pesce fra diavolo was full of fresh fish and a tasty sauce.
Others had the lamb chop stuffed with prosciutto and mozzarella cheese. Must try the gnocchi.I have to give this place only 3 even though the gnocci was delicious.  My husband and I kind of stumbled in on it without a reservation.  They sat us anyway at a table near the door.  The food took forever to come out because every table was occupied.  Then, as we are waiting for our food other people that HAD made reservations had to wait about 3 inches next to our table and stand there for about 30 minutes while the staff took forever to clear and reset the open table.  It was awkward and uncomfortable and the staff should really know if they can take someone without a reservation or not.  I respect a place more if they turn me away, knowing it will be better for everyone than to try to cram us in at the cost of patrons with reservations.  
However, the food WAS good.  Highly recommend the gnocci.  Also, we didn't know it was BYO so the host gave us some White Zinfandel.  Normally, I wouldn't drink the stuff, but I was kind of touched by the generosity.I went here awhile ago with my husband and took a group from work here for our Christmas dinner and it was amazing both times. Everything, from the apps, to their pastas to their tiramisu. They will talk up their homemade Gnocci, and they mean business. It literally melted in your mouth. The group I was with ordered it as an app and got it with both the sauces that they offer. Nice classy atmosphere in the Italian Market, I highly recommend for a romantic dinner or for a group or say 6-8 for an outing. It is BYOB as well.We dined here about a month ago now. The atmosphere was very fancy-like. Quiet and romantic, if you are with a special someone. I wouldn't say I would write home about the gnocchi which was a bit disappointing considering it's known for their gnocchi. But nonetheless, my company is what made the meal.This place is wonderful.
Everything I tried that night was so delicious!! As everyone else has stated, get the gnocchi. I'm not a fan of gnocchi but I loved it here. It was so soft and the sauce they had on top was amazing.
We will most definitely be returning. Soon.The manager called to address my review. I thought we were going to resolve the incorrect bill. But instead, I got a text photo of the check. I'm confused at this point. It was good they followed up, but they are still telling me we ordered food we didn't....Everything we had was delicious. We started with the mixed greens salad and portabello mushroom-loved the smokey mushroom with crab meat. My husband had the gnocchi in marinara. Very fluffy and soft. I had the lamb chops at a perfect medium. We ended with ricotta cheesecake and tiramisu which were both awesome. The cheesecake just came out if the oven. The waiter was great. He gave me ample time to finish my wine and digest a bit before bringing out desset. I will definitely go back.Everything you would expect at this cozy Italian spot right in the heart of Bella Vista. Love that it's BYOB. Our server seemed like he was the owner or part of the family- he was very friendly. They had lots of specials and I got the lobster ravioli special - Bae got the spinach Gorgonzola gnocchi from the menu. We both preferred the lobster ravioli- it was a nice portion, sauce was yum and the shrimp on top was yummy & buttery. 
Menu is a bit pricey IMO but it's a good place for a nice meal out with ur boo or a small group of 2-4 people. I'm glad I finally got to try out Cucina Forte.Best gnocchi I've ever had with many, many options ....  Stuffed veal chop special fantastic ..... BYOB .....I'm feeling some regret over the fact that I've only been here twice in the past 10 years, even though both meals were excellent.  
As some reviewers have pointed out, maybe it's not the *best* Italian in the city, but honestly, what is?  If there were an obvious consensus we'd all be eating there every Saturday night.
The fact is Cucina Forte has way more hits than misses on their menu, and the service is friendly and reliable. We tried a few pastas on the last visit and all were above average.  Also I don't normally order steak in an Italian spot but the Filet was cooked and seasoned perfectly, one of the highlights. And BYO of course is a (+).
We will be back.This intimate restaurant offers a consistently great meal every dining experience!  Maria, the owner / chef is always on site, and does the cooking herself.  The wait staff (Mike and Willy) are also consistent, friendly and always willing to go the extra mile to accommodate almost any request.  The place gets packed, as it's quite small...therefore it can be a bit noisy on weekend nights.  But if you happen to stroll by during the week, and notice the place looks empty - take advantage of it!Can not say enough!! Had our son's rehearsal dinner on Thursday ...there were 48 of us! The food was excellent! The service was wonderful! When your 83 your old mother says it was wonderful(she hates everything)you know its good!!
Can't wait to go back again!When our group arrived this place was completely empty - worrying me a bit at first. Eventually more patrons arrived and it became more lively. The restaurant itself was a little dark and dated but we had a fantastic meal and the service was great.
We ordered the antipasto and grilled calamari - both were delicious! We had heard the gnocchi was "award winning" so we ordered some to share. We got the "misto" which was half marinara half Gorgonzola sauce. They were out of this world delicious. I ordered the special sea bass entree and it was very tasty and not to mention a large portion.
I'll be back for the gnocchi alone! Everything we ate was delicious. If you come here go to Restaurant.com before and get the $10 for $25 offer.Wonderful "red gravy" South Philly Italian BYOB. Great staff and very good pastas. Gnocchi is house favorite, with marinara and killer Gorgonzola optionsAfter dining at over 400 restaurants in philly over the last 10 years, we think we know what decent service and food look like. This place took advantage of it's customers. We went here for a holiday dinner. The food was fair, regular Italian. Service was okay. The specials were marked up insanely - $40 for a lobster ravioli, $17 more than any other pasta on the menu, which is something that the staff should have mentioned but didn't. Additionally, the wait staff added a 23% gratuity automatically for our party, which is beyond presumptuous and excessive. If you want to add 15-18%, that's fine, but to add 23% is totally nuts.  I'd have tipped a usual 20% and not thought anything of it. I questioned them on the tip and they said they automatically add tip, but it'd have been awkward to debate it.We tried Cucina Forte for the first time last week . What a terrific restaurant. The food was delicious! Our waiter Vinnie was very enthusiastic and extremely competent. He recommended the gnocchi, an excellent choice. The best in Philadelphia. I can't wait to eat there again.Dining partner and I came across Cucina Forte after another well known Italian Market restaurant was closed for the July 4th weekend, and we are so glad we did! We wandered in a little before 6pm without a reservation to a small restaurant with about 4 tables filled. We were seated with our two other dining companions. We ordered the fried calamari as an appetizer, which was hands down THE BEST either of us have ever consumed. The breading was light and crispy without over seasoning which happens often with calamari. I ordered the spinach pasta with porcini mushrooms and asparagus in a light cream sauce, dining partner had the veal medallions, our companions had the spinach gnocchi and spaghetti with clams. Service was good, our waters were constantly refilled. We all very much enjoyed our dishes. It's a great BYOB spot, highly recommended.Wow!!! Can't remember the last time i had Italian food being this good, just excellent all around. BYOB is a nice add, had 2 specials, grilled seafood appetizer with langostino, scallop, squid, shrimp & broccoli rabe. I'm not a fan of squid & rabe, but everything tasted great, especially the langostino & scallops, grilled to perfection. Also had the lobster fre diablo with gnocchi, too spicy for our neighbors, but we loved ours. Again, not a fan of gnocchi but this stuff melts in your mouth like buffalo mozzarella cheese. We also had linguine & clams. Just great all around. Make a reservation on weekends. We will be back!Very nice, cosy place that makes everyone feel welcome. Not extremely noisy even when the dining room is full. Our server was kind enough to change our table location to one further away from the door to the outside, given that it was a cold night. The chef (Ms. Forte?) came out of the kitchen to wish every table a happy Valentine's Day, a nice touch. Very reasonably priced menu items. Our appetizers and main courses were very good, **except for the mussels appetizer**. The mussels were unpleasantly chewy and had a very tough section where the meat is attached to the shell. I spit that part out rather than spend a long time chewing on it. My suggestion: make the mussels a smaller portion but use younger, smaller and more tender mussels. I am not a stranger to mussel dishes at restaurants, so I think I know what I'm talking about. I would certainly to back to Cecina Forte, but won't order the mussels again unless the quality is improved.Great Italian BYO. If you want a delicious Italian meal that that isn't that expensive, you must try Cucina Forte. Got a reservation easily, but the place was still packed. The waiters are very friendly and helpful. They really make you feel like you are at home. 
The food is really good. The mixed green salad, though just a regular salad, was fresh and had a nice balsamic dressing. The mussels were tasty. They were cooked in a white wine and butter sauce with some sage. Make sure to get some extra bread to sop up the sauce. But the gnocchi was really the star. They are big, light, and fluffy, and plenty filling. You have the choice of ricotta or spinach gnocchi with either a marinara or gorgonzola sauce. 
The only con is that it can get quite noisy. But overall, a friendly waitstaff, good food, and a smile on your face when you leave.Delicious food, great service. The noise level could be better.The 4th star is for the ridiculous gnocchi--so light and delicious.  Had the special ricotta gnocchi with bolognase sauce which was surprisingly light and full of flavor.  The spinach gnocchi were also great.  Gorgonzola sauce was very heavy and salty so not for me, but my fellow dinner loved it. The tacconelli ai porcini and mozzarella salads were good but really needed salt. fresh baked bread was also delicious.   
Atmosphere was low key but the loud party next to us showed that it's good for big celebrations.  While we didn't order dessert I overheard the waiter telling another table he had covered theirs which made a very nice impression on me. Overall a pleasant dining experience.Went here on a Friday night on a whim (and we had some discount coupon) but I am glad we did. The food was outstanding. We had an appetizer of grilled baby squid as good as I've ever had and an eggplant app that was also very tasty. The real highlight was the saccetti (sp?) pasta , little sacks which were stuffed with fontina cheese and prosciutto and served in a delicious light sauce with shrimp. I can't wait to go back. Very reasonable pricing for this quality and a BYO to boot. Thoe chef and owner Maria is literally a liitle old italian lady (well not so old maybe) who can really cook.This place is the best.  A great BYOB that has awesome food and good servers.  I acutally met the owner/cook,  we told her the sauce on the appetizer was awesome and she actually brought us up a quart to take with us!!   I highly recommend you try it.Haven't been here in a long time and wanted to return to try the gnocchi. Food overall pretty decent. Certainly nowhere close to the best Italian in the city but for the prices ok. Gnocchi bolognese was a special and although I make better bolognese sauce, I can't make gnocchi this good. Big deterrent for us was the noise level. Basically wrecked the evening. Will not return because of it, that' s how loud it was.We went on a Wednesday night and there were only a few other couples. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. The decor was warm and comfortable. The restaurant specialty was gnocchi. Best gnocchi I ever had, and I'm glad we ordered it as an appetizer. Next time I would get it as my main course. We ordered 3 dishes and they were all timed perfectly, not too close together.This is the second time that I have been here. It was just as good this time as it was last time! Small and inviting! This time we went as a "date" night celebrating our 16th wedding anniversary. We started with fried calamari, it was perfect. I had the lobster ravioli with shrimp and a cream sauce and my wife had orecchiette filled with fontina cheese with shrimp, wild mushrooms, and spinach. They were both phenomenal!! Of course, I think mine was better!! We shared a bottle of white wine and topped it off with coffee and ricotta cheese cake. If I had to make one complaint it would be put cannoli back on the dessert menu. It is south philly and I expect a cannoli :)This was the 8th destination for the foodie group and we had a great time at Cucina Forte.
It was our smallest group yet though it certainly didn't feel like it. The restaurant was a cozy atmosphere and Pina and the staff offered us warm welcomes and one long table for our food-ie night. As our group arrived, we enjoyed the homemade bread and antipasto plates and my sister made some friends with some regular patrons sitting nearby that I too had the pleasure to meet. Talking to them was like talking to family members at a reunion. They were glad to see us there, discovering what they'd known to be gem of an eating destination, a local secret, if you will, that they were glad to share.
The menu, as promised was very good. Everyone seemed to really enjoy the color of the dishes, the freshness of the ingredients and the presentation on each plate. The service was flawless, very attentive without being intrusive and this restaurant was not empty on this particular Thursday.
Of course, as some of us were sitting near the far end of the table, away from the kitchen, we secretly mumbled our resentment and justified bitter envy of the dessert portions for the first half of the table. As the dessert plates were delivered to each person starting near the kitchen and finally towards our end - closer to the door, we noticed how the serving sizes of the Ricotta Cheese cake progressively (or regressively?) shrank. Perhaps this was a result of the inherent generosity of the servers realizing that there was a risk of running out. If such thoughts even occurred to us at the time they simply didn't deter our jealous whispers . As it turns out, the comparatively puny serving of fluffly creamy ricotta cheese cake and an admittedly decent serving of the super rich fudgey homemade double chocolate mousse cake for our end of the table was... ahem... um... more than enough. Sure, I myself looked halfway down the table at Elaine's mountain of cheesecake on her plate and back at my small dab and thought ..... well, never mind what I thought. Truth is, I never even finished mine. Dessert and excellent coffee at the end of such a good meal had me more than content before I could finish.
Oh, and it's true, the gnocchi in their homemade marinara sauce is as light as a feather and super for a second course. I look forward to returning to try the spinach gnoochi next time.If you like real Italian food, come here! Me and my husband felt in love with cucina forte two years ago and have been coming once every other week! 
Maria is the chef and she's this sweet old lady who's just in love with cooking and makes real good food! She's there every night and she cooks all the food!
My husband loves her tuna and I love her meatball and spaghetti! She even makes the spaghetti from scratch! So good and yummy! And it's always a big dish so I get left over for lunch! 
The guys there are nice and friendly! They recognize us now so we chat and they are very nice to us! ;) love this place! Anytime when we feel like Italian food, this is where we go!So confused as to why this place has not been on my radar screen before . . . . everyone raves about the gnocchi, the raving is well-deserved, you must get at least just for your appetizer.  I cannot remember the name of my entree, but I will describe it, perfect little pillows of pasta with prosciutto and cheese.  This was a special, it should become a mainstay.  My dining partners could not keep their hands off my plate.Love this restaurant! My husband and I visited tonight (Friday).  We ordered the appetizer special: Mozzerella, artichokes, tomato, arugula and capers ($15).  It was lovely. We also both ordered the entree special: Pasta stuffed with prosciutto and fontina cheese with a cream sauce and shrimp (I substitued the shrimp with chicken) ($24 each). My husband cleared his very generous plate.  I ate half and boxed the rest.  It was absolutely delicious and the service was top notch.  I would definitely recommend for a nice romantic date night or for a nice night out with a group of friends.
Two quick notes - its a bit overpriced for center city Italian.  However, its a BYOB that actually accepts credit cards which is not always the case.  For me it kind of balances out.  Enjoy!My family and I are HUGE foodies.  We go everywhere and anywhere to try the latest and greatest, and Cucina Forte, by far, exceeded our expectations.  
The ambiance was lovely with a very warm, cozy, intimate setting.  As soon as we sat down, Gloria tended to our drinks and gave us insight to the menu.  She was extremely helpful and very friendly.
We began with a bunch of appetizers - antipasto, broccoli rabe with shrimp, fried calamari, and gnocchi (one marinara and one gorgonzola cream) - and they were ALL delicious.  The gnocchi (just like most of the reviewers will agree) were amazing!  I would HIGHLY recommend the gnocchi with gorgonzola cream.  For dinner, I got a tuna special.  That's usually my "go to" entree when I want to compare restaurants.  Well, Cucina Forte cooked up one of the most flavorful tuna dishes I've ever had.  
We went there to celebrate my birthday, and at the end of the evening, I was greeted (by Gloria AND the oh-so-adorable owner, Maria) with a slice of HEAVENLY cake...that honestly tasted like a chocolate marshmallow.  We got to chatting with Gloria and Maria, and it was like being with family.  We spent the last half hour of our visit just being in the company of great people.
I would go back to Cucina Forte over and over...and over and over again!  It's DEFINITELY on our list of restaurants to revisit.  Hands down!We endeavored to Cucina Forte at the recommendation of our local foodie friends.  It didn't disappoint!  First, everything was made to order, so if you didn't like an ingredient or wanted to add something, they had no problems with it.  I went with the lobster ravioli w/shrimp, in a cream sauce.  OH MY GOD!  Literally, it was the best ravioli I've ever had.  Chunks of real lobster and huge shrimp in this basil sauce was like ecstasy.  
If you're ever in Philly and in the mood for a great Italian, this place is a must.My husband and I love eating at BYOs near our neighborhood and this one caught our eye while we had a once-in-a-while night out. The ratings were great but unfortunately the food was not even close to our expectations. The bread was moldy, and specials of fresh fettuccine with shrimp too full of burnt garlic and the veal special saltinbocca was just average. We had high expectations but this was below average overall.Cozy, friendly, attentive service, and great quality food. It's not a huge place, and we went on a Saturday night so it was packed with fun-having, loud people. We don't always go for that kind of backdrop, but it worked perfectly here. Will definitely go back. Also - the gorgonzola gnocchi is crazy good.Holy cow! The gnocchi are AMAZING! Our waitress was not kidding when she said they are known for their gnocchi. We shared the spinach gnocchi with the Gorgonzola cream sauce as well as the Bufala Mozzarella special- with roasted artichokes, tomato, and capers. Both apps were amazing! The gnocchi were like little spinach pillows floating in a sea of delicious Gorgonzola cheese, and the bufala mozzarella- well I'm always a fan, but the capers were a really nice addition to my classic favorite. 
For my entree I opted for one of their specials. I still have no idea what it was called, but it was fantastic! It was some sort of homemade pasta dumplings filled with fontina cheese and spinach(?) in a white wine sauce with mushrooms and shrimp. Fabulous!!! My mom had the ricotta gnocchi in marinara sauce and they were just as good as our appetizer! 
Service was very good as well. Our waitress was really friendly and helpful with ordering. I'll definitely be back! Perhaps to have the gnocchi as my entree!"Do you think they would judge me if I used the rest of the bread basket to sop up this gorgonzola cream sauce?" I whispered to my husband after we finished our gnocchi appetizer at Cucina Forte last night. We had a gift certificate to Cucina Forte and decided to make last night a date night. Cucina Forte is cozy, warm and our server Gloria was amazing. We talked to her about the neighborhood and other local restaurants for about ten minutes before we realized we didn't order a meal. She was so nice - I felt like I had known her for years. The menu is wonderful, with both healthier and not-so-healthy options. I started with a simple salad and then had crab meat stuffed eggplant for my entree. My husband had the aforementioned gnocchi (they were so accommodating, offering him the option to try both sauces! We couldn't decide which we liked better), the clams, and the veal medallions. He laughed because after a new bite, I kept remarking, "This tastes just like my grandmother's, only a little better." We ended our meal by splitting tiramisu. I think the food quality of Cucina Forte far surpasses Villa da Roma and the prices are much more wallet-friendly than Dante and Luigis. If you go, please do not even think of skipping the gnocchi and cross your fingers that you get Gloria as your server! Centianni!Gorgeous dining experience, amiable and helpful waiter service. The food here is out of this world. If you're looking to splurge on some excellent Italian, you've found the right place. The spinach gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce was delightful (the sauce was not overwhelming, and the gnocchi was incredibly tender). My friends also thoroughly enjoyed their dishes. Overall, a fantastic meal.Excellent Italian food and wonderful staff! We are so happy we found this authentic little Italian spot, a great experience all around.Ate there again last night, and had a teriffic meal as usual. Grilled spiced chicken was moist and tasty, and the eggplant, spinach and crab special was excellent. Always a friendly and fun place to go.Had a lovely dinner here last Friday. Cozy little place with friendly, personal service and classic, homemade Italian fare.
For starters we ordered the two antipasto dishes from the specials: eggplant with an aged balsamic reduction topped with crab and peppers and other stuff that I can't quite recall. It was excellent. The other starter was the traditional buffalo mozzarella and tomato salad. A classic dish executed perfectly.
For our mains the table ordered two "Saltimbocca Di Vitello" dishes from the menu and two specials; a Chilean Sea Bass and a lobster ravioli. Having tasted each the veal stole the show. The tender veal wrapped in prosciutto was excellent in the creamy but not overly rich sauce. The generous portions allowed me to enjoy it again the following day. The seafood dishes were very good as well but not as inspiring as the veal. I'm someone who regularly orders from the specials; this meal reminded me that gems are also found in print.
Lastly, the comfortable ambiance supplemented by classical music and friendly service topped off a very enjoyable dinner. With so many great Italian options in town it can be hard to distinguish one from another. And while Cucina Forte follows a familiar format it does it well; reminding us why we love South Philly byobs in the first place.Delightful spot for some really good Italian food.  I can't say enough about this spot in terms of the food!  It is delicious and the menu is both broad and  wide.  It couldn't be better.  My gnocchi was awesome and my companions' food was equally good.  Rarely do I eat such delicious food!  Sadly the service is a bit fractured.  Our waitress was both stressed and unable to keep up with our table.  Having said that, the meal was outstanding and the waitresses' failure was a function of the front service rather than the kitchen which is a major error.  The owner came out to greet us which was wonderful but she failed to monitor the dining room which was a major fault.  This was on the owner not the staff, which is sad.  If they truly want 5 stars; which they deserve, deal with the service!Delicious food, cozy atmosphere, and friendly yet non-intrusive servers. The menu is primarily seafood, although more extensive than most BYOs.The calamari was excellent--perfectly breaded and lightly fried.Cucina Forte is one of my favorite Italian BYOB's in Philadelphia.  Everything on the menu is delicious.  Especially the gnocchi and the veal special.  Mike is an excellent waiter and the service is always excellent and personal.  I would highly recommend for small and large groups.  This has become one of my regular spots.It is a great little BYO in Bella Vista.  I have been here multiple times and always get one of the specials, last time is was raosted eggplant with spinach, roasted red peppers and crab meat, which was awesome.  The gnocchi are the best I have ever had, and get them every time I go for dinner.Made reservations for a Thursday night... don't need to make a res during the week, only on weekends as we pretty much had the restaurant to ourselves.  This is a great restaurant to go to when you want to feel like your Italian grandmother was feeding you.  Definitely upscale comfort food.  The gnochi was great (had it both ways - with gorgonzola and marinara).  Prices are a bit high ... more on the $$$ scale (at 22-35 per entree).  Good that this is a BYOB as our bill averaged to $45 a piece with tip.  Location is quaint with areas of interest nearby to walk ... you'll need to after this meal.  However, there is no place to park.  You may want to find parking lot nearby and walk.Risotto impressionante! semplicemente divino. Old school Italian rest.
This place gets kudos for it's gnocchi but I think the risotto porta la torta :)I had dinner here last weekend with a couple of friends. For a Saturday evening, it was surprisingly empty when we came around 7:15 PM or so. We were seated at the window (likely because our extremely casual clothing was a bit out of place), and the menus were given to us. I would have appreciated the specials being told to the table a bit slower; we didn't end up ordering any, but I also had little idea of what was available after the waiter had told us. On the advice of one of our party who had previously been there, we got the gnocchi (both the spinach and the ricotta), the tacconell al porcini (my suggestion), and the pesto ravioli. All of the dishes were fantastic; the gnocchi in particular was a highlight. I'm not sure how it's made, but the gnocchi is really rich and has a dense, flavorful middle. The tacconell was also a revelation; the long, thin noodles tasted very good in the cream sauce, and the porcini mushrooms added a nice touch of flavor that allowed it to stand out against the sauce (which wasn't as rich as an alfredo). The ravioli was probably the weakest dish, but even so it tasted better than most I've had. 
Put together, those 3 dishes were under $20 each, so it was a very affordable dinner for the price. The atmosphere is a bit quiet, but once more parties started flowing in later on, you could speak at normal levels without feeling too out of place. My one recommendation is that this place is more towards the dressy end of casual; I felt a bit out of place in my shorts, polo shirt, and sandals. I'd recommend wearing at least jeans and loafers (not sneakers).This is by far my favorite BYOB in Philadelphia. The quarters are small but the food and atmostphere are worth it. Don't forget to order the gnocchi's with white and red sauce.good food.  Gets noisy with large parties,  Had two dinner specials and two dinner salad specials, fried calamari, gnocchi.  All pleased.  Would have liked more bread but never got the opportunity to ask for it.  They recite specials which I wish they would have on a board or typed up.  Waiter was not sure of the price of one of the specials,  gave me a ballpark.  How can you offer something and not know the price.Excellent. Best Italian eatery we've been to in 20yrs. Forget all the touristy place, go hereEverything was going great, until I got the check.  I had ordered the veal chop special (veal chop stuffed with cheese and prosciutto with green beans) and had expected it to be priced in line with their other entrees (at or near $25). Maybe it would be like $35 bucks tops, no biggie right?  Guess again.  My special alone came out to be $48.  Granted, I could have asked, but come on, $48!  It was good, but the veal certainly didn't warrant that price tag.  Went with a few friends and we really enjoyed our experience until we were all blown away when the server gave us our check.  I would recommend this nice little BYO, but don't get burned like I did and ask for prices on their specials.Came here with a restaurant.com gift certificate. It was pretty empty, but the environment was nice. The hostess/waitress combo was extremely sweet and helpful. A lot of the things on the menu had seafood in them that I wanted to try, but my boyfriend hates seafood. She told us everything was made to order and that any pasta I wanted, we could sub in the fish and shrimp for chicken/lamb/beef/etc. That was really nice and something we took advantage of.
We got 2 appetizer-sized pastas and an entrée. The award winning gnocchi? Understandably award-winning. Almost didn't even taste like pasta. We chose the gorgonzola sauce. We had a second pasta that were the purse-shaped pastas.. also delicious. Honestly though, our entrée was a little underwhelming. We got some sort of lamb chop but it was very blah.
A nice, simple place to come. Also it appears to be a BYO which is nice.Out of all the BYOB's i've been too so far I really enjoyed this one the best.  
Food was amazing.  Lobster Ravioli Special was yummy.  My friend got some Veal dish with lemon butter wine sauce which they were kind enough to replace with chicken and that was also excellent.  The chicken was a little heavy on the oil but nevertheless it was still very delicious.  Prices were reasonable for the quality of food.
I immediately told myself I would come back.Love this place, their food, and the people.  I have never had a meal I didn't love or a bad experience.  It's a friendly, unpretentious local spot with delicious homemade Italian food.  One of those spots that you go to and then later crave their food.  Atmosphere is comfortable and cozy.  Great for dates and with larger groups of friends and family!Went last week for dinner & everything was amazing, starting with the service.
There were 6 of us and we all had something different & every entree was beyond delicious. We shared 3 appetizers which were all specials & were plenty for 6 people to share.
Our waiter,Adam was adorable & very knowledgable of the specials.
We will be going back again for sureThe place was very quaint and was cozy and intimate on a Wednesday night!  I wanted to try everything on the menu, but settled for a buffalo cheese salad and spinach ravioli.  The bread was delicious and we devoured 2 servings of it!  I made sure to not eat all the ravioli so I could have some for today, still tastes just as good now!  The service was great and the woman was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Definitely go!Without a doubt, you have to get the gnocchi. We had it as an appetizer with two different sauces. I like the red sauce better and next time I go back I will order it as an entree. They were amazing. 
This is a great date restaurant. It's small, but not cramped like every other Italian place in the city where you are eating on top of another table. The service is excellent, great portions and byob. 
I went for the first time with a restaurant.com certificate and now I will definitely be back.This was without a doubt one of the best meals I've had in a long time. It's a smaller restaurant, probably 12 tables give or take. The service staff was extremely knowledgeable and friendly. The perfect combination of professional and personable. We started off with a couple apps which were delicious, a buffalo mozzarella caprese with sauteed artichokes and capers and we also ordered the fried calamari, which was cooked perfectly. 
My girlfriend got the gnocchi, which were as advertised. Incredible. And I went with one of their specials, ricotta and prosciutto stuffed sacchiette with bolognese sauce. It was probably the best pasta I've ever had. The whole meal was so good, the next time I come I'm not looking at a menu or listening to their specials, I just want them to surprise me with whatever they choose.
Great meal start to finish at a great price point, can't wait to return.Awesome unassuming Italian BYOB. Gnocchi are a must have. Very good service. Will be coming back.The gnocchi here is the best I've ever had.  Like little pillows of heaven.  Our waitress recommended we have half with the gorgonzola and half with the red sauce, which was a great choice.   
The only downside to this restaurant is the ambiance: super cheesy.  I think they were going for romance, but took it a step too far.  They were also playing the Phantom of the Opera Broadway recording while we were here, which is an odd choice.Pleasant atmosphere and nice staff. Food is decent too, though nothing to write home about. For this price, I would much rather go to osteria or monsu.