High quality food for a decent price. Their kimchi and soups are excellent. My go to is their green curry.I used to love this place. The food was always great but today was a disappointment. The shrimp roll came burnt and tasted gingery. The general lunch special came with like 5 shrimps and other 75% of container was rice. Not sure if I will order again!This is a nice addition to food take outs on Woodland Ave! Curry bird, though little pricier than the competitors, is decent if you wanted a "healthier" option around the area. I got the green curry with rice and is not bad. First time also having green curry with rice so probably can't be the best critique, but it was not too saucey and they gave me a generous amount of broccoli. 
I was hungry which was why I went and it left me satiated. 
I finished the whole container if that says anything. Definitely not something to go out of the way to eat here, but for the locals, it's a nice addition to Woodland areaThey threw away my ticket so i waited 2 hrs for it not knowing, then ultimately decided to cancel the order when i called in and found outI was being treated an Cancer Treatment Centers of America. I placed an order with them through my Seamless app and waited until it was time for them to arrive. After waiting about an hour and a half, I got a call from Seamless stating Curry Bird just called them and cancelled my order. First of all, to wait that long, then not even have enough nerve to call themselves, offering no reason why, is downright trifling. Watch out fellow Cancer patients, Curry Bird hates you.I entered my address on Seamless and Curry Bird came up as a restaurant that delivers. I placed an order. An hour and 15 minutes later (and after the dinner should have been delivered), I got a call from Seamless saying that Curry Bird does not deliver to this area. So, that sucked. Why didn't they alert me when I placed the order, and why did it pop up as serving my address to begin with! Now I have to reorder and wait another hour.Good for being in the University City area. Very close to USP and great lunch specials!Most of the time we order the food is very good! We order from UBEREATS and the food is almost as good as Chinatown. We always order the shrimp mayo and the duck. Calamari and chicken wings are also very good. I definitely recommend them if you want don't want to travel all the way out to Chinatown.So excited about this place!  I went there this weekend when my mom came to visit with her and my husband.  It has a small bar with two stools, so don't expect to eat there.  The workers were incredibly happy to see us and instantly made recommendations.  They have four flavors of bubble tea (I don't remember them all right now), but she said more would be coming soon.  I was so pleasantly surprised at how incredibly good this place was.  Not your average Asian takeout!  Definitely more expensive though.
I had the Pad Thai, my mom had the Roasted Duck on Rice, my husband had the Korean Style Bulgogi on Rice, and we got a side of roasted pork buns and soup dumplings, and I had a black bubble tea.  My Pad Thai was the best I'd had in a while, and definitely way better than Vientiane.  I've never had Bulgogi before, but it was an incredibly delicious marinated beef with a side of kimchi.  It's advertised as spicy and isn't remotely, so if you're into that you might want to add your own hot sauce.  The roasted duck and pork buns were good but nothing to write home about.  The soup dumplings were good but the tiniest I'd ever seen.  Finally, I find that I can't normally tell too much of a difference between bubble teas, but I'd put this above average.
This place was so good that I already went back for more!  I ordered delivery, and they said it'd be 45-50 minutes.  They were there in 15 minutes with my steaming bowl of roasted duck soup.  Not shockingly, it was delicious.  Go right away and check this place out.Very disappointed with this place. I read a ton of great reviews so I ordered delivery. The wonton soup didn't even have wontons. It had balls of bland meat and they were falling apart. We got two orders of dumplings and they were all stuck together. (And they didn't give us any dipping sauce.) So the dumplings and the soup were awful. I got the roast duck and my Gf got the beef bulgogi. The duck and the beef were actually pretty good. But 80% of the to-go container was plain white rice. No veg or anything remotely edible. I would never eat here again.I ordered the vegetable spring roll and chicken pad thai. The spring roll was decent (not the best but definitely not the worst). The chicken pad Thai was just terrible. There was no sauce, no flavor, nothing. Now you're probably thinking "that can't be completely true". I'm sorry to tell you that it was in my experience. Maybe other items are better on the menu but if you want to save yourself from a disappointing meal when you've been craving Thai food, please go somewhere else.I want this restaurant to be successful but I'm concerned with the portion for the price. I had shrimp chow fun, the meal was about 60% filled in the take-out container.  It tasted good, but I wasn't happy for the price I paid.this is my favorite Asian delivery place in the Philly area.  Food is fresh and flavorful.  Prices are maybe slightly higher than your typical Chinese restaurant, but i dont mind given the higher quality of food.I had some by-chance takeout leftovers from here (already mostly cold), so this is a review I'll probably edit, but everything I sampled was delicious even after cooling. I had a couple dumplings and buns, plus chicken fried rice with pineapple and a green curry with tofu.
All delicious, plus they deliver so I'm looking forward to eating their food again soon - hot this time if I'm lucky!Fast service and got my food quickly, good place to go for food in between classes  Good tofu fried rice and bubble tea.Great Thai food!!!! Not bad for the price. I would totally order again. They have amazing pad Thai & Thai coffee were  always made nice and fresh. Yummy.Ordered food not coming. I'm waiting for 1hr and 30 min but still not coming. The staff so rude to me when I'm call the restaurant. Never order food from this restaurant again.The food was delivered in a timely manner and in great condition but it's not very good. The laksa I got seemed to be a generic curry broth with common laksa add ins. The broth did not have a strong fish taste (customary of laksa) and generally lacked seasoning. The first time I've ever eaten a bland curry!I absolutely love Curry Bird. Being on a plant based diet can limit your options for places to eat good food. Curry Bird has awesome food for everyone. I always order delivery though so take that as you will.Curry bird is one of my favorite Pan-Asian restaurants to order from. The general tsos tofu is delicious and I order it with the sauce on the side. Their scallion pancakes are among the best I have had in Philly. They usually get my order right and at any time they mess up an order, they remedy it right away.love their crab rangoons i order them at least once a week from grubhub. to sip a bubble of their bubble tea is to experience the sublime. i found peace in a pork bun, strength in a scallion, release from mortal strife in a rangoon. take flight and soar with curry bird. itll be a ride you never forget.This place is amazing!  I had the soup dumplings and the roast duck and pork over white rice. Everything was delicious and tasted pretty authentic. Food like this is something you would find in Chinatown. They did not make everything overly sweet like some bad Chinese food places do. Will order from them again whenever I'm back in town. Thank you for keeping it authentic and not westernizing it.Papaya Salad is ok. Does not taste like authentic Thai Som tum like mom makes. Kimchi was not crunchy and pad Thai was kinda bland. Great delivery for late nights in a timely fashion. Makes up for the average food.This has got to be one of the best take out places I've eaten from in forever! Not the rushed feeling you get when your ordering over the phone and since I'm refusing to give Uber or Grubhub any extra money with the horrible delivery and presentation of the food once it arrives, I'm satisfied! Ordering over the phone saved me over 20$ and this isn't the first time I've called a restaurant and asked them about THEIR delivery. They do it way better because they know it's their place of employment or perhaps their business. The food is really good not saturated with a lot of oil and they have no problem explaining what is in what. Even when we had a slight language issue and it was mine he didn't get frustrated or rush the order! I don't eat spicy so i always have to call and ask can they make it with out the spiciest. However my daughter does and she loves that it's according to her spice level overall if they had like something desertish.... they would have gotten 5 stars easy. Just make sure you know what your getting and your level of spicy!!Food wasn't great, but wasn't too bad either, and the bubble tea was decent. Definitely worth the money for lunch special but I'm not sure if the regular prices are justified by the taste/quality. I would put 3.5 stars if I could. Might try a few other menu items and reassess this review.Placed an order through UberEats, said it would be delivered between 12:50-1:10 am. UberEats does not fully track this restaurant since they use their own drivers. Got notice the order was being prepared. As of 2:14 am, still saying it should arrive soon. Restaurant closes at 1:15 so of course can't speak to anyone-and voicemail box is full, so couldn't leave a message. Never received any information about the order being cancelled or being outside the delivery area or anything. So, no idea what happened to my order.Curry Bird has the best Chicken Pad Thai around and they have fantastic people working for them. I've ordered from them before but it's always been from my lady friends' yelp account. They are the reason I got a yelp account. Tonight, I added pineapple to the dish and they accommodated very well. There wasn't a drop down menu option but they actually read the note, called me, and stated that they had to charge me an additional $1. As opposed to running my card again, they asked if I had cash and requested I give it to the driver. That's excellent customer service in my opinion. Had they run my card for $1 my bank may have flagged it for security purposes. Thankfully, I had cash as well. Also, they put holes in the plastic container that had my cream cheese wontons in it. They vented them so that they wouldn't get soggy. I really like the crunch and I didn't ask them to do this. Do yourselves a service and order Curry Bird.HIGHLY recommend not ordering. I'm in a hotel, placed an order on Seamless and waited 1hr 30 minutes. Nothing came. They don't answer the phone or anything. I went to bed starving as I didn't have time to order something else.Terrible customer service never order from here never got my food they say they tried to call me never did And if they did try never heard a voicemail bunch of lazinessReally awesome place. Portions are huge, their lunch special was really cheap but they don't open for lunch anymore I don't think. 
It's cheap and quick and open late which is greatWe ordered from here last night. The food was good, but a little greasy. I Had the shrimp pad Thai and scallion pancakes and my wife had the tofu pad Thai. All in all not bad, bit I have to find mind blowing Thai food in Philly.Fucking love this place! They give you a lot. The time stamps is off but the food is good.Pretty good, and hit the spot. I got the Pad Thai, and the Dim Sum. It is a great small place to get your fix of Thai food, and it is also very close to my residence. I will definitely be coming back.I had the Shrimp pad Thai and it's been the best I've ever had! I don't know why this place only has 3 stars. I also ordered the green tea from here which was amazing! The prices are reasonable for such good food!I just ordered delivery from here $22. Wonton soup and curry rice. It never arrived. I called the owner immediately and he said he would contact the driver and they would call me as soon as possible, which was a lie. Never happened. Stole my money. Never ordering from here again. Terrible customer service.Rode past decided to check it out. A very clean , tasteful , and healthy Thai food! Always fast and friendly service. I have many favorites on this menu but I'll let you guys start with the red curry with chicken and extra sauce. Ps, check out the strawberry slushieIt was 10pm and I had a sudden craving for Chinese food. I looked on Grubhub and this place was the only one still delivering. I ordered a house special fried rice along with a hot and sour soup from here and it was way above my expectations for late night grub.
Would recommend !Consistently the best Walnut Shrimp and Shrimp Pho ever! Thank you! Thanks for delivering to my neighborhood.This place accepts UberEats deliveries then cancels and steals your money.  They have no answers to what happened and their boss isn't available.***I seldom do this but, I hope this will spur management into implementing some serious changes***
I am extremely disappointed in both the portions and quality of the food.
I can not stress how unsatisfied I am. 
The "Spring Roll" could most aptly be better described as a piece of Lumpia. 
"Yellow Curry"... more like greasy water, with a hint of turmeric. 
And the rice was old and mushy, it was more of a paste... 
If you're reading this, PLEASE AVOID WASTING YOUR MONEY ON THIER THAI FOOD... just get some Chinese or something.We got Korean bulgogi and the tofu hot pot. Our order was ready even before our estimated pickup time, so we were able to enjoy early! Great Chinese takeout place.Never got my orders through Uber eats, the orders were delivered according to Uber eats but no one ever called me. Couldn't even track the delivery person. I ordered at 12am and estimated arrival time was 1:20 am , they closed at 1am so I couldn't even contact the restaurant.I made an Uber eats order from the Curry Bird about an hour ago. After waiting an hour I get a notice that my order has been cancelled. I called the restaurant and was greeted by a lady that informed me that they didn't have a driver & that is why my order was cancelled. I expressed my displeasure because now I had to reorder food from a different place and spend another hour waiting. She told me to call back in an hour and talk to the manager. I asked her why my order wasn't cancelled after a few minutes, if she knew they didn't have a driver. She rudely told me it wasn't her responsibility because she hadn't taken my order and had just gotten to work at 5pm. I told her I had ordered my food at 4:50pm. She then hung up on me. This restaurant doesn't fulfill their orders and makes you wait an hour to tell you that and, instead of giving you a good reason or an apology, they just choose to be rude and hang up on you!Really awesome place. Portions are huge, their lunch special is so cheap and worth itJust absolutely disgusting food. The chicken managed to be both soggy and too dry to chew at the same time. Just horrible, the worst takeout I've had in years.Ridiculous customer service. Can't talk about the food... took them three hours to tell me they wouldn't be delivering.I ordered a vegetable spring roll and red curry from here. The spring roll was pretty good, not what i expected from Thai food but I liked it and thought the curry would follow suit. Well, I was completely wrong. The curry sauce was absolutely disgusting and the tofu was overcooked and sliced into massive chunks that were impossible to bite into. I've had other food from here that I've liked before, but this was so bad that I know I don't want to order from here again. Super disappointing!Ordered on Ubereat but never got my food. Called the restaurant three times, no response. I would say don't order delivery.Pictures say enough!! DO NOT EAT HERE! I've never been more grossed out in my life. Found this after eating about half of my other meal. Brb will I barf that up!I've ordered from this place more than 10 times in the last 6months, however I WILL NEVER ORDER FROM HERE AGAIN. I also never write reviews unless something goes horribly wrong or is incredibly amazing. This is the latter. STRAP IN, THIS IS A DOOZY... I ordered 4 items, each with a rice (brown, white, egg fried). I ordered at 7:58pm omw home from working on a COVID vaccine (remember we're in a pandemic, it'll be important). My order arrived at 9:52... THAT'S NOT EVEN MY COMPLAINT... Get inside, mask off, wash hands and look at the receipt STAPLED to the bag and it's NOT MY ORDER. I call the driver and he says, "I'll be right back"...I wait 10 mins and call the restaurant... The manager says "we'll call the driver and call you back"... The driver calls me and says "you need to call Uber eats for a refund". I call the restaurant and ask them to re-make and resend my order... The manger says "let me call the driver again". I wait another 20 minutes and the driver texts me to say "I'll be there in 10 mins". He shows up and gives me a bag. Mask off, hand wash AND go to open it. It is TAPED CLOSED. I open it and take out the food...IT HAS BEEN OPENED AND SOME OF IT HAD BEEN EATEN! The fried rice that came WITH my cumin chicken had clearly been opened and some is missing. Fork-sized chunks are missing. Ohh and the cumin chicken entree IS MISSING...I call grubhub and they call the restaurant and the manager "doesn't BELIEVE" the grubhub rep and refuses to refund me. I end up crying and loosing it at a grubhub manager for a refund finally. This was a ~$70 order from a place at which I'm a regular. IF THIS IS HOW YOU TREAT YOUR REGULAR CUSTOMERS, HOW CAN I IN GOOD CONSCIOUS recommend anyone new try this place?! Also... There's a GLOBAL PANDEMIC... YOU CAN'T SERVE FOOD THAT SOMEONE ELSE HAS EATEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS.I ordered from Uber Eats after arriving to my hotel late. I got an estimated delivery time of 10:15-10:35, then 20 min later it changed to 10:40-11 which is not acceptable so I canceled and not able to get my a refund. Why would I wait that long for a delivery after the initial quoted time was late as it is. Never ordering from this place again or Uber Eats.Disclaimer: I can't speak to the atmosphere because I've only had delivery. 
Honestly, everything I've ever had here was really great. I love the Ma Po Tofu, and the wonton soup is heavenly. The wonton wrappers are so thin it's amazing. 
The scallion pancakes here always come extra, extra fried. Really fried. SO CRISPY AND FRIED. Not typical for takeout, but damn delicious. 
Honestly I've ordered from here 8-10 times and I've yet to find anything I didn't like. I'll take it as a win!DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PLACE! Staff is extremely rude, delivery takes forever and is unreliable. I've ordered from this place about 4 times. Nothing on the menu is worth the price or the terrible customer service. Waited over an hour for my food only to find out that my order had been canceled. When I called to inquire the woman on the phone was EXTREMELY RUDE AND UNAPOLOGETIC. Terrible place, honestly.If you order the spicy general Tso ask for extra garlic sauce. It would have been perfect if it wasn't dry.  Chicken cooked perfectly but not enough sauce.  Also didn't include soy and duck sauce as requested.I ordered from UberEats at 11:12, my order said itd would be delivered about 40 mins later then jumped to 1:15am for delivery. I called to cancel, they told me they couldn't cancel but I could. I go to cancel, it would cost me 30$ so I decide to keep the order. I stay up until 2:15 am waiting for this food to be delivered. I receive a notification from ubereats that it's been delivered, there's no one there and no food. 
I will never order here again, I want my money and my tip back. This is ridiculous.Probably the worst delivery I've eaten. Between my fiancé and myself we ordered 6 different things, most of which weren't edible. Pad Thai was pink for some reason and sweet. Like they dumped sweet & sour sauce on it. We threw out 90% of what was ordered and the only reason we ate any at all is because we were so hungry. The food did come really quickly but that's the only positive. Maybe it's better in house instead of delivery but I'm not willing to try again, given how bad it was.Whooo HOOOOO this place is alright. After taking my first bite of the Dan Dan noodles I automatically said, "wow, they have my respect."
Curry Bird does not shy away from spice. Praise be to Curry Bird for pumping out dishes that are heavily seasoned and appropriately hot. I was expecting some bland take-out, but that's not what I got. 
I tried the fried chicken dumplings, pork dumplings in hot chili oil, the chicken red curry, and Dan Dan noodles. All were solid dishes.
I'll definitely be a returning customer.Order was 15 minutes outside the window which isn't such a big deal on a Saturday night. The food was BAD though. Not hot at all and I've never eaten drier chicken in my life. Really tough to chew. This tasted like it was cooked three times. 
Hardly edible and the sauce on both dishes was forgettable. I don't know how they screwed up the egg rolls but the seasoning was very odd. Almost like a cinnamon, nutmeg or all spice? Very strange. Very disappointing.I wish I can give you zero stars. They are scumbags. They cancelled my order and when I informed them that I never got my food from grubhub they told they were going to talk to a manager and never called back. I tried calling them over 20 times and no answer. They are scumbags. Never orderDo not order from this scammy restaurant. Order from UberEats never arrived and it's impossible to contact the restaurant. Do not recommend.The Curry Bird has the best shrimp pho with huge shrimp. The sesame noodles lacks in flavor. I wish they offered shrimp tempura. Overall a good experience.I placed an order at this store through Uber eats. Within minutes of ordering, my order was canceled by the restaurant with NO EXPLANATION. I was fully charged for this order and now both Uber eats and Curry bird refuses to refund me my money. APPARENTLY THERE IS NO MANAGEMENT HERE. Do not order from this place. They will screw up and not accept responsibility and steal your moneyMy curry was a little strange. The sauce was gelatinous or something. The tofu could have been better. My scallion pancakes were too greasy to eat, so I threw them away. My fiance was in the hospital so he was just happy to have food with some flavor. He ended up eating my food and some of his pad thai.Worst ordering experience ever. I waited for two hours and got nothing. When I called grubhub, it turned out this restaurant cancel my order without any noticing. I gave 1 star because that is the lowest grade optional. I will surely share this fact to my friend and neighbors.I like that they are in the neighborhood. Woodland Ave is up and coming and it's good to see businesses moving in. This is a Chinese and Thai take out restaurant.The menu includes soups, salad, appetizers and lunch specials. I was excited to see curries and ordered the green curry with brown rice. It was $10.95 and two dollars extra if I wanted a tortilla or "any kind of noodle" ($3.00). The service was wonderful...the cashier brought me a complimentary green tea with lemon while I waited for my food. When my food was ready, the owner brought it over to me instead of calling out my order. I really liked this attention to service. The green curry was a large order with lots of brocolli, green beans and zuchinni. It was tasty..but just a tad watery. I would have liked the curry to be thicker and more flavorful. I think it's a tad pricey for this type of food, but I like what they are trying to do. I work right across the street so I will be back and look forward to trying more on the menu.There are several reviews of orders gone wrong for Ubereats or GrubHub, but I had no problem. Got my order quickly and correctly. It was fresh and hit the spot after a late flight.This is one of my favorite places to order from especially late night! Foods amazing as well!!You're taking a risk if you order from here. I've read reviews of people not getting their food after paying for it and didn't believe it. Now I've fallen victim to it as well. Paid for my order, and it never arrived. Never again.Ordered yellow curry and got bland vegetables in a disgusting oil . This was a very unsatisfying meal and not what i expected when ordering curry. I will never order from here again.I had my first order from here yesterday and it was well worth it, I'm kicking myself for never stopping by earlier. The Thai Iced tea was perfect: great balance of sweet and traditional tea, creamy, and beautiful Boba as a nice chewy treat after taking a sip I should have ordered a larger size.
I ordered the Pineapple Fried Rice with Chicken and loved it! the take out box was filled to the max. Great ratio of chicken to rice. I would have liked the chicken pieces to be cut into smaller pieces but it was so good that I didn't mind that I had to cut them myself.
I highly recommend it.  Excellent customer service and just honest to goodness nice people. (I went back today ).Ordered this as a gut feeling that they would be a step above most late-night Chinese takeout spots and my hunch was definitely correct! Super delicious food and especially good portions of veggies. Loved the kung pao  shrimpNot the best chinese food in the world, but it definitely hits the spot for a late night craving. Fried rice was great.SCAM ARTISTS!!!! They don't fulfill Grubhub orders. They take your money and never send your food. STAY AWAY unless you want to pay for food that you'll never receive and then be accused of not answering your phone. Grubhub will be slow to help you resolve any issues. They know this and aim to rip people off every day. Read their Grubhub reviews!!!A great little take-out spot on Woodland Ave.
We ordered a bunch of things to get a feel for the food:
- Dim Sum Combo Platter (mix of buns, shumai, other dumplings)
- Edamame
- Scallion Pancake
- Side of Kimchi
- Red Curry with Tofu
Overall, we liked everything we tried. The Dim Sum combo was a great way to sample a few different options from the Dim Sum portion of the menu. The Kimchi was nice and spicy. The red curry was great, too - great flavor and very mild in spice.
I only wish there was more space to eat there - I would have preferred to eat in instead of taking it to go, but we still enjoyed it and will likely order take out from them in the future!I GrubHubed some food from Curry Bird located in University City today and boy was I bamboozled. Looking at the menu online I thought this was a Thai place. They have an assortment of curry dishes and Thai noodles and soups. 
I oedered the scallion pancakes, which I really like a lot. It's a Chinese dish and they're not as easy to find these days. They were good, nice and crisp and not greasy. But there was no dipping sauce and it made the experience a little lackluster.
I ordered the Red Curry with beef and steamed rice. I love Thai red curry with the spicy flavor and the rich coconut milk, lemograss and tender bamboo shoots and crunchy water chestnuts. Wrong! No curry to speak of, no coconut milk, no lemongrass or water chestnuts. Just beef and, coarsely chopped veggies.  It was good Chinese food but bad Thai food. The spice level was strictly"G" rated that would make a Thai person shake their head.
Looking again at the menu, I can't understand why you would perpetrate a fraud like that. If you are going to give your food Thai names you should go all the way.
Like I said, it was good Chinese food but bad Thai food. Shady, shady, shady.Delicious tofu with good portion sizes! I got general tso's tofu and was pleasantly surprised by the portion. They have takeout and delivery right now.After passing by it on the street earlier in the day, we decided to try ordering delivery from Curry Bird last night. We were so happy we did! Not only did the food come extremely quickly, but everything we got (the pad Thai and a yellow curry with tofu and noodles) was really tasty. And they threw in a delicious egg waffle on the house! Will definitely be ordering again soon - happy to have them in the neighborhood!I ordered from this restaurant twice but I did not receive my order both times. In those instances Curry Bird never answered when I called for an update nor called me with an update.  When I called the NEXT day to understand what happened, they refuse to offer any and hung up the phone when they discovered I called to complain.   They get a big ZERO from me because I will never deal with them again.I had similar issues to other reviews with the delivery being late, but no one was rude to us about it, so I appreciated that. 
Unfortunately the food is wither so-so or ... confusing. The green curry was more of a Chinese dish than Thai, the bao buns were just alright, and the pad Thai was super strange. The tofu was fine, but the noodles were just a big mound all stuck together. There was nothing else in it but a few bean sprouts and odd, bright orange sauce. 
I don't think we'll order again unless there's an increase in food quality.We were absolutely exhausted after a 14 hour flight, so ordered delivery to the Philadelphia International Airport Marriott Hotel. Delivery was within the 30-45 minute window we were told. 
However, I am so saddened to report that this was the worst pad thai I have ever eaten. It couldn't even be called that, really. It was simply noodles with some orange sauce - I have no idea what it was. I ordered medium spicy and it was incredibly bland. I couldn't taste the fish sauce, couldn't taste the characteristic tanginess of the dish elsewhere. What did they use? An unsolved mystery. Its tofu, however, was surprisingly good. 
Mom's pineapple fried rice, on the other hand, was pretty good. I've had much better, but at least we could both eat that as a decent dinner.
Portions were big, so one dish can feed 2 adults with average appetites. 
Almost $40 for those 2 dishes and 2 cokes on Uber Eats. 
All in all, an average restaurant that doesn't seem to do Thai right. Can't recommend, unfortunately.