Ice cream is really good quality. And for me this took me back to a child hood memory. Pretzel cones here remind me of the ones I used to get at Custards last stand. Have to do vanilla ice cream with the pretzel cone.All I can say is woooowwww!!! I went here for the first time yesterday and ordered the banana split in a cup and it was like a creamy sweet, delicious explosion in your mouth (get your head out of the gutter! Shame on you!) I have to admit I stood and looked at the menu for about 15 minutes because there was so much to choose from! And they have a drive through, but everything is made in house so the ice cream wasn't too sweet. The guy at the window was super helpful and nice he answered all of the questions I had. I got soft serve vanilla and hard strawberry I inhaled it! So so so good. I'm planning on heading over there after my workout at the gym lol my trainer would have my head! But hey you scream we scream we all scream for ICE CREAM!! Yummy yummy!Favorite ice cream shop in the city. Awesome variety of flavors and additional seasonal flavors in the fall.I had the strawberry cheesecake ice cream, and it was delicious. My 5-year-old had cookie dough, and when she was asked what her favorite part of our trip to Philly was, she said the ice cream!Delicious ice cream with very reasonable prices! $3.50 for a medium (and very generous scoops)! That's a great deal. The cookies and cream ice cream was delicious. The line was long but moved pretty fast. You can park on the street behind the creamery if you want to avoid the crazy parking lot. Wish I lived nearby!I'm a big fan of this place! I'll say that the main reason I am not giving five stars is because the service can be quite slow compared to other similar ice cream stands I've been to. They have tons of options from hard ice cream, soft ice cream, frozen yogurt, water ice, and non-fat/low-fat options. I've been here numerous times, and my favorite flavors are the birthday cake batter, banana, and chocolate peanut butter. I would not recommend the cookie dough flavor. It was mostly vanilla ice cream with very few pieces of cookie dough or chocolate chips. The staff is very friendly, and it is a pleasant atmosphere.Awesome ice cream, fabulous toppings and lovely employees!! As long as you're willing to wait in line, you're good...it moves fast though.Menu was very confusing and disorganized. Secondly, they only had 3 flavors of custard: vanilla, chocolate and orange. I decided on vanilla custard which was below average (I've had exceptional custard in Wisconsin and Illinois). It lacked serious vanilla flavor. McDonald's vanilla ice cream tastes better than this. Not worth the money...Their ice cream is awesome! My boyfriend and I went last night, the line was long but its well worth the wait. My favorite flavor of theirs is cookies and cream, its soo creamy! His favorite is mint chocolate chip (its white not green so dont be surprised when they hand it to you :) I have to say that polishing off 2 scoops is a challenge bc of their monstrous size, I havent really strayed away from their hand dipped ice cream bc its THAT good but I have been with others who seem to really enjoy their shakes and many flavors of soft serve. Also, the drive thru is convenient, just dont let the long lines scare you away!This is a classic neighborhood ice cream shop in Wissahickon Heights (Roxborough) except people come from a lot further to enjoy the homemade creamy delights served here.  This place is an institution and if you spend 15 minutes here you'll see why.  You will see all the cars using the drive-thru and the line of people waiting out front.  Occasionally you can catch this place in the evening without a line as I did the other night (the line returned right after I ordered!)  I was able to get my favorite Strawberry Cheese Cake ice cream and find a place to sit and enjoy it!
Tip - Don't park in the downhill lot on a summer evening.  You will be trapped in there for a long time trying to get out due to the long queue of cars utilizing the drive-thru.Small but excellent neighborhood spot with many varieties. C&C has a walk up or drive through option. Ice cream, frozen yogurt, water ice and more. Excellent spot, will definitely be back on a hot summer night!My family lives in Manayunk and we have been getting ice cream here for years. They have the best ice cream, all made on premises. The line is often 20 people long on a hot summer night. I find myself going several times a week sometimes (I know, I know..). Rita's water ice opened down the street a couple years ago, and my dad and I had a nice chuckle, saying the only reason Rita's gets business is that some people don't feel like waiting in line at the ice cream shop.Delicious made on site ice cream and yogurt.  It's a neighborhood fav and it usually pulls a good crowd so be prepared for a little line.  Only open seasonally, they offer fall flavors towards the end of summer.  There is a parking lot and a drive throw but its a bit chaotic at prime times.  Tip: park on the street for a quick getaway when its busy.Love the creamery! I haven't had a disappointing treat yet. My favorite is a banana milkshake with chocolate chips in it!! Sooo good!This place is right up there with the best.  They've got a long list of flavors of hard ice cream; you can buy a huge towering swirly cone of soft ice cream; and, most importantly, they have flavors(!) of hard frozen yogurt.  I mean, for the love of Pete, they have mint chocolate chip.  I haven't had mint chocolate chip in forever.  Actually, it was last summer when I discovered this place while driving through Manayunk after a round of Frisbee golf.  But I had forgotten, somehow, that this place had delicious hard frozen yogurt.  And pretzel cones!  We all know how important the pretzel cone is and theirs are made by none other than Lancaster county favorite, Snyders of Hanover.  Fantastic.
Resonably priced, a kid's size wafer cone with mint chocolate chip and a medium mint chocolate chip on a pretzel cone came to the pocket draining price of $5.25.  Hard to beat.
Also, they have a drive-thru window, which was causing a major cluster-eff in the parking lot.  There does seem to be enough parking in general, however.  (We had walked from a friend's house.)This is a lovely ice cream spot. Totally didn't disappoint. The prices were fair and the service was friendly. I had a pumpkin ice cream cone and it was awesome. This was our first time there and the guy in line told me that it was impossible to order anything bad. Seems there's a lot of love for this place!This is, hands down, my favorite ice cream place ever. Whenever I have a friend visit, I make sure we stop here for dessert because it's the BEST in town! All of their ice cream is fresh and homemade. Furthermore, they have TONS of flavors, and not just of hard ice cream - but also of hard yogurt (which means that you don't even have to "cheat" on your diet ;) ). I'm very sad that they're closed for winter, but am SUPER excited when they open back up in spring. Definitely a must go-to if you're in the East Falls/Roxborough/Manayunk area!We don't go here nearly often enough, but it's mostly because we'd have to drive over and the parking lot is usually packed (which speaks to its popularity). I have been satisfied each time I come here, and I'm happy that it was the one of the two ice cream stands that stayed (the other was changed to a Ritas).Awesome, authentic ice cream stand where they make there product. Service is really friendly, place is super clean (which is really important to me) and they have a ton of flavors!! Nice little gem to have in the neighborhood.I have been making my way through every ice cream shop in town this summer and this one came up on my yelp radar. So off me and my girlfriend went to grab some ice cold ice cream on a humid rainy day.
She got the brownie boat and I got the banana split. When they told me the price I was like "wow that's cheap!" When I got our order it was like "wow! That's really cheap!" The amount of ice cream and brownie etc we got was boat load! This was good ice cream and a lot of it. The service was fast and the woman who took our order was very polite and fast. Over all an great ice cream experience.
They also have a drive-through but, I rather go to the window and avoid that line even if I have to stand outside in line.The best,  period!!   Other ice cream shops use store bought products.  Very rare that you find a creamery that does everything from scratch!!   Also great cakes for birthdays.  So get a cheesteak from Dalessandro's and hit Custard and Cakes for dessert!!By far the one of the best ice cream places in the area. It's always so hard deciding what I want when I go there. The hard ice cream, soft serve, and water ice all taste super flavorful and natural, like they should!! Definitely recommend the banana and minty cookies and cream ice cream! Ordered a medium and could barely finish. Portions are huge. Definitely recommend!!! Side Note: Drive-thru is another perkBest kept dessert secret! Made on location,  long lines in the summer but never a long wait. I think it's family owned and run - regardless, the ice cream is fresh, the yogurt is rich, excellent variety of flavors and generous portions. Not expensive at all. An absolute treat and missed sorely when they close Nov to march. Drive thru as well.Amazing!
And locally owned, mind you. 
And it has a drive through.. 
I highly recommend the mint chocolate chip (5/5stars), I look forward to it opening cause it closes for the winter (aka saddest months of the year). 
Man, I love the summertime, and this place = summer. 
And it's cheap, as in inexpensive, as in yay.ICE CREAM: I ordered two scoops of the Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup in a waffle cone and it was great. It is chocolate ice cream with a fudge swirl and chunks of peanut butter cup candies. Delicious. They get points for not putting a gum drop at the bottom of the cone (Yum Yum's in Sea Isle City does this and I always find it to be a disgusting surprise wine finishing my cone.) 
FOOD MENU: I ordered the Italian sausage sandwich with sauerkraut to go. I only walked one block to get home but when I unwrapped my sandwich the roll was already soggy from the sauerkraut. Now the sausage itself was good, hot, plump, and spicy, but the sauerkraut was mediocre, likely from a can. For $4 this is an ok choice if you are really hungry and have no other options or are drunk and just don't care but I am not likely to order it again. Perhaps the meatball sandwich will win me over...This place is such a community gem; I don't even know where to begin!  
1. I love that it's a local business and not a chain.  The staff is ALWAYS fast and friendly.  I mean who frowns around ice-cream anyway?!?!  
2. They offer a huge assortment of ice cream flavors (hard serve, soft serve, & frozen yogurt) all of which are DELICIOUS!
3. They have ice cream cakes and will even make a specialty cake if you ask!
4. They have local favorite "on the go" foods like hot dogs, meatballs, & soft pretzels!
5. They've won tons of awards because - THEY'RE AWESOME!
6. The news tends to drop by once in a while to interview locals grabbing a refreshing treat in the heat of the summer. - Be prepared to make a cameo ;)
You know its got to be good because at times it gets so busy that the cars trying to get into the parking lot/drive-thru back up traffic on Ridge Ave.  
If you're still on the fence just try it already (the prices are fair)! But don't wait to long because it's only open seasonally!I haven't tried their hard ice cream but the glaciers are delicious! Drive thru is a plus!Yummy ice cream, might not be the best I've ever had, but service was friendly and the neighborhood folk seem to love it. Plenty of plastic chairs on the side to sit and veg. Parking lot threw me off a bit as there's a drive thru running in the middle of it.This is going to be really dangerous for me... I take two buses to visit a friend pretty regularly, and I've always taken the first bus to the Wissahickon Transfer Center to transfer to the second bus. But I recently discovered that both buses also stop right in front of Custard & Cakes Creamery! So why not transfer there and have some ice cream while I wait?!
I saw Michelle C.'s shout out to the Maple Shade Custard Stand, which is my favorite place for soft serve ice cream. So I went with the hard Vanilla Chocolate Chip ice cream in a cake cone instead. I'm so glad I chose that, because it was delicious. Great vanilla flavor and a lot of chocolate chips. I think this is going to become a regular thing!
It was pretty entertaining to watch cars try to get in and out of the parking lot. It's a tiny lot and there's a drive-through, AND it's on Ridge Avenue so it's just very busy. I would recommend walking if you can.Sadly this ice cream joint is barely at par. The texture is bland and the taste is unexpired. It is as if they are coasting on some type of reputation. What reputation would that be? Were they ever good? Was there ever a time when their ice cream tasted homemade rather than akin to mass market? Philly deserves better.It's really the best ice cream in the area. I love the birthday cake. They have so many delicious flavors including the favorite seasonal pumpkin.  There frozen yogurt is even delicious. Prices are reasonable and we love the drive thu is convenient. It's a must try !I thoroughly enjoyed my peanut butter cup ice cream. The  service was fast, even though it was packed on the particular day I went. Also, for the price, I got a nice sized portion.
I would definitely go back! They had an apple pie flavor that I think I'll try next.I been to this place several times but forgot about it until I took my sister and her family to it last night.  My sister has 3 kids, ranging from 16 to 10, and we just had been with the Mayanunk Brewery and despite offering burgers, wings, nachos and pasta, the Brewery couldn't keep the kids satisfied.  I took the kids and my sister and her husband to Custard & Cakes, which could keep up with all the kids' quirks and kept them satisfied.
Why? First, whether you're a soft ice cream lover (like me) or hard ice cream lover, this has it.  Not too many ice cream places offer soft and hard ice cream.  Second, it has plenty of flavors to choose from.  If you're curious about a flavor but not brave enough to buy a cone or dish of it,  they offer you samples.  My nephew was curious about the cake batter ice cream but wasn't sure if he wanted it. He was offered a sample and while the cake batter wasn't for him, he was able to find another flavor to his choosing.  
Also, since it is not a chain like so many ice cream places, the ice cream is freshly made at the store and your taste buds can taste it and notice that it is fresher and richer than the store brand or chain ice cream you already love.
Other bonus for adults is that there is plenty of parking, quick service, reasonable prices, and while the place is a stand, it has plenty of chairs in the shade, to lick or eat your ice cream below.This place is perfect; the ice cream, both soft and hard is delicious and at good prices for very filling sizes. Every time I've tried any of their other offerings they've also been delicious (shout out to the root beer float), except for the ice cream sandwiches, which were just okay.
Lines can get pretty long, and not a lot of space to sit and eat there, but we usually eat while walking back home.Simply amazing.  I've had almost everything here and it's top notch.  The prices are reasonable, there are always long lines but you never wait a long time and the ice cream is incredible.  My wife and I walk our dog here all the time and I highly recommend it for families, college students, young professionals, etc. 
The quintessential corner ice cream shop, except with amazing original custard, soft serve, and more flavors / toppings than DQ. 
Huge win.  Go for it.Amazing ice cream. Forget Ritas! I love their soft serve but recently had the fall flavors of hard ice cream: Carmel Apple pie and pumpkin spice cookie. It was easily the best ice cream I've ever had. The caramel they use is A+ and they give you a ton. Great little spot doing ice cream right.I was looking for a local ice cream place on Yelp and stumbled on this place. It is amazing! I've tried something different each time and have never been disappointed. Sadly I have no pictures because it was too good to wait to eat, but the pumpkin ice cream is to die for!They have hard and soft ice creams. The hard ice creams last longer as they take tome to melt. I tried a large cream and cookies cup. At $3.5 you can't complain with the portions and it is absolutely delicious.So glad I found this place! The ice cream is made on premise, so you know it's fresh! Good selection of flavors - I had the Rocky Road, really good and with melted marshmellows and my friend got the Minty Cookies in Cream which she loved! The mint is also white, which I like in an ice cream. Good consistency! A lot for your buck! The small is more like a medium - which is awesome. I'll be coming back!I'm a fan of custards and cakes. I love the plain vanilla custard and I always come in August to get their pumpkin ice cream.Not since Sweet Daddy's in Wayne Pennsylvania have I found even close to comparable ice cream. It is worth waiting an hour in the drive thru line! Please never close! 
Favorite is classic hot fudge sundae with peanut butter topping, everything is always fresh, and homeade whipped cream! 
The staff are so friendly, even when they are jam packed! 
Second faborite, pumpkin ice cream! Oh and their ice cream cake cupcakes!I had the cake batter ice cream on the recommendation of a girl in line who used to work there and it was ridiculously good.  There were chunks of real yellow cake in the ice cream!  They were somehow not frozen at all-SO GOOD.  It also had rainbow sprinkles/jimmies in it.  I can't wait to go back and try a new flavor!
I also tried a vanilla shake and it was delicious, too, although I definitely preferred my cake batter ice cream!  I have a feeling I'll be going here way too often this summer!The staff here is ultra friendly, the ice cream and milkshakes are ridiculously addictive with their creaminess deliciousness. The drive thru is a little cramped, but it's no big deal. Credit card minimum is $10 so be prepared to order a ton of goodness! My favorite by far is the pumpkin ice cream, I make sure to grab a pint or quart depending on how long I want it to last/if my boyfriend will be hovering around it.Fast drive thru service on a Sunday! Very rich ice cream flavors! Will definitely come back!A small stand located in Manayunk with some of the best custard I have ever had. The menu is very large and there was an overwhelming amount of different toppings and flavors. I went with a large chocolate, vanilla swirl with rainbow sprinkles - classic! I would definitely recommend stopping at this place if you live in the area. It's a classic! 
I would recommend walking if all possible. There is a drive through at this location but when I was sitting eating my treat I noticed it moved slowly and kinda blocked all the parking spots. Seems like the drive through line also backs up into the street causing a little bit of a traffic jam.Custard & cakes is a great local ice cream place! The walk up and drive through lines are almost always long, but move very quickly and is well worth the wait. They have everything - ice cream, water ice, milkshakes, ice cream sandwiches. The portions are HUGE and like others have said, everything there is extremely reasonably priced. There's definitely something for everyone. The hard ice cream is my favorite thing to order and my favorite flavors are birthday cake batter, chocolate chip cookie dough, and rocky road.What a wonderful, little, local place. Lots of delicious treats served by a friendly staff. They also always have root beer water ice, unlike Ritas, who seldom has it.
My wife loves their Glaciers (same as a DQ Blizzard, ice cream mixed w fav candy). Dont miss this opportunity to pick up a snack or dessert, its cheaply priced as well.
Only reason its not 5 stars, is due to its lack of parking and drive thru taking up most of that parking space.Birthday cake ice cream is the best I've had. I wish they took cards for any order amount but they only accept cards for orders over $10.Best root beer water ice I've had in years. Fantastic ice cream, offerings, prices, and customer service. Great vibe, support them!Delicious ice cream at a great price. I got a big bowl of orange/vanilla soft serve swirl for less than 3 bucks. The vibe of this place is great too; there were a lot of people that clearly walked over from the surrounding neighborhood blocks. Lots of local enthusiasm for this place. The lines move very quickly. I think for my next visit, I'll bike over on the Schuylkill Trail from center city. Yummm can't wait!I love getting my soft serve and gelati here via drive-thru on my way back from the city.  The vanilla soft serve with chocolate water ice is delicious and the prices are decent.  No, it's not a fancy Italian gelato place but honestly, sometimes I crave the good ole neighborhood ice cream.  Stop by for a quick frozen treat.Best PB vanilla ice cream ever. Soft serve with jimmies is also solid.  Never had anything bad here.  
#rant
Do yourself a favor and don't drive or park like an idiot if your from out of town.  It annoys the rest of us.  Park across the street or on a side street and walk a half block.  Don't sit in the middle of the street waiting to cause an accident for ice cream.  #endrantLove love love this place. Sadly I drove by it a couple times a week for the first year that I lived in Philly and finally tried it this spring - I'm addicted!!!! Working my way through the menu and there's hasn't been one thing/flavor I haven't loved yet! Don't make the mistake of driving by this place like I did!!I live right down the street from this place and can't get enough! They have a bunch of new fall flavors right now including pumpkin which I was ecstatic about. The ice cream is amazing, the milkshakes out of this world and there's an endless list of other flavors, frozen yogurts and even food to choose from! Make a stop if you haven't!1. The cake batter ice cream tastes more like a custard/ice cream hybrid...and it's got real birthday cake in it, and real sprinkles, so THERE. 
2. The marshmallow sauce is not marshmallow fluff...it's a viscous sauce that tastes like marshmallows. It's amazingly delicious, and I'll now be wildly disappointed every time I have no choice but to consume fluff on my ice cream. Tragedy.
3. I love cookie dough chunks...and they carry cookie dough chunks.I've slept on this place for years.  I decided to finally try it because it's hard as hell to find parking to visit Dairyland's new location on Main St. and I was jonesing for an ice cream.  I tried the butter almond in a waffle cone and my daughter had the chocolate chip cookie dough.  That was the most delicious, rich ice cream that I've ever eaten.  All of their hard ice cream is homemade.  The prices are low, the portions generous and they have their own parking lot with a drive-thru.  Love this place!!!  I'll be a faithful customer.If you are ever in the Roxoborough area, you have to visit Custard and Cakes Creamery!  They have every kind of sweet treat you can imagine and all of it is amazing.  The staff and service are always friendly and quick and most you will see year after year.  I have family visit from out of town often and they always want to make a run to the Custard stand.  We especially love their fall flavor, pumpkin spice - so yummy!Best local ice cream shop in Manayunk/Roxborough. Always great service, AMAZING flavor selection and quality of ice cream. Will be looking I to ordering an ice cream cake for my birthday party. The prices are also great for the quality and amount of ice cream. Definitely a favorite summer spot for my friends and I!The ice cream is delicious. They have some unusual flavors such as egg nog and pumpkin spice cookie starting in August. This place is inexpensive and also has soft ice cream, cakes, pies and ices. It is one stop shopping and really worth a visit.I stopped here on a Saturday afternoon. I ordered a 44 oz chocolate shake. I was super happy they had such larger sizes. Finally a place that can satisfy my hanger! The shake was delicious and fairly priced. I wish there was an inside place to sit because the neighborhood sucks. Otherwise, it was great.Mmmm! I've tried the water ice and ice cream and both are delicious! The water ice is just like Ritas, maybe a little better.You just ate at Dalessandro's Steaks. You should probably unclog that heart of yours with cold custard. 
It's a beautiful long list of flavors so don't kill yourself and pick whatever you gravitate to the most, and it will be a perfect day.This place is great.  I live close by and go often.  Don't let a line scare you it move right along.  The staff is very friendly.  I always get a sundae and it's always great.  It's  closed in the winter so it's a real summer treat.  Stop by and enjoy.This place is great.  I live close by and go often.  Don't let a line scare you it move right along.  The staff is very friendly.  Everything I've had has been great. I'm a big fan of milkshakes and theirs are great.  I usually get a black & white , but this time I got a butterscotch with a extra shot of butterscotch. The extra shot is 75 cent but so worth it. I was blown away by the taste. You have to go there.One of my go to places for spur of the moment ice cream trip with my friends. I like that it is really close to my home tho I have to admit the flavors are not always the best.
Their soft serve is pretty good it is usually what I go for. With some crushed peanuts on top and nom!
I have tried their hard ice cream as well: love the cookies and cream and the coffee but the pistachio was a huge miss for me. 
Prices are more than fair and the staff is always friendly and can accommodate your wildest childhood desires (peanuts, chocolate sprinkles and whipped cream with a cherry on top? No problem.)
Will be returning again soon.I LOVE ICE CREAM!!! Whenever I am disgusted by the human race and think what a miserable bunch of beasts we really are, I remember ice cream and realize it's not all bad. 
At my friend's place in East Falls, the craving struck and could not be ignored. Not a pint of Ben and Jerrys from the gas station, not Ritas, but ice cream in a cone at an ice cream shop. 
Arriving at this ice cream stand after 9pm on a Friday night it was exactly what I had in mind: two teenagers manned the walk-up windows while folks sat around on benches enjoying their ice cream. 
I was especially pleased to see they offered a variety of cones, sprinkles, and (my fave!) dip tops. I ordered a small soft serve chocolate in a regular cake cup cone and my friend considered a pretzel cone but ultimately decided to try a dip top for the first time. Our cones were each perfection and we were thrilled. 
The best part of this ice cream shop was the price. A sm dip top cone and a medium dip top cone came to only around $6! The last time I went to cold stone, my ice cream alone was more than that and not half as good as this perfectly simple treat. However, they only accept credit cards for orders $10 and over so we added a hand dipped pint to our order and still just barely made it. 
THE classic ice cream shop with classic prices too. Plenty of parking and outdoor seating.This is the kind of ice cream/custard place that won't let you forget about it...try as you may, and perhaps even cry a little from separation anxiety when you realize they've closed for the season. Don't let a summer pass without giving these guys a try. Awesome little family-run place, inexpensive (and more delicious and less expensive than the Trolley Car IMHO) always friendly and they'll do their best to quickly get that cone in your hand.
 ALWAYS rich, creamy, smooth, fresh and the best flavors to offer-try all of the seasonal ones!!! I'm a soft serve girl and oh my, the BEST!!! 
You WON'T be disappointed nor will you soon forget some of the best ice cream you've ever had.If you're a local, you call this place "Custard Stand." Someone from out of the area stopped me recently to ask where the Custard and Cakes Creamery was, and I had no idea what she was talking about.
They open early spring and close late fall, and there is consistently a line of people during all seasons, it's that good. I think it also says a ton about Philly that we have a Ritas across the street and both are able to stay open for business.
I'm off Dairy (booo) so I can only ever get the water ice, but holy cow water ice. It's fantastic, and very fairly priced for the sizes. They also put toppings in it, if you want, but that's not my bag.They have the best ice cream I've had in Philadelphia in the 6 years I've lived here.  We usually go for the milkshakes, which are awesome.  The ice cream sandhwiches are also great.  We've gone to a few BBQ's where we've packed those into a cooler and they've always been a hit.Came to visit my friend in Philadelphia .my friend took me to here and here was very crowed with long line . Looked  menu they have a lot of choose for you like hard ice cream with many favor and soft ice cream , water ice ...they have parking lot near by ...I order hard ice cream coffee with corn sugar and my friend got water ice watermelon....my ice cream just ok ...and my friend love it ... 
    Price not real bad $7.50 for small ice cream and water ice ...my friend must  take 3 days for finish it ....
  Any way we had fun and enjoy the weather ....maybe I will try other option next time when I come back in here ....just don't let me downYum yum yum! Please don't close for the season. I'm not big on the soft serve but I am big on homemade hard ice cream and their's rocks the house. I have to get back for the seasonal flavors, I'm excited to try pumpkin and egg nog. 
The prices are reasonable (as others have mentioned), the scene is cool if you want to sit on a bench and enjoy. The one thing I cannot understand is the DRIVE THROUGH! Really!?! The parking lot is a mess only because of the drive through. How lazy do you have to be!? Anytime I've gone here standing in line takes about a fraction of the time as it takes for two cars to get through the drive through. But the chaos of the parking lot does make for some fun people-watching.I come here very often and just can't get enough of it. I love that they are open for the season again! Great service and convenient drive-thru for rainy days make this place a pleasure to visit no matter the weather. 
Their homemade soft serve is what I usually order. 'Glaciers' are similar to a Blizzard at DQ because it's soft serve blended with candy toppings of your choice. My fav. is Butterfingers with vanilla. 
Another must-try is their Ice Cream Cupcakes! Yes, there is such a thing! This is better than an ice cream cake because you don't need to cut them, they are ready to be enjoyed. Delicious!!Best ice cream and sweets! Got a sundae and the hot fudge was a-MAZ-ing. Also - go for the gelato and custard with mango and vanilla. Crazy good awesome sauce.Great ice cream. Given that the area really doesn't have much to offer in the area of homemade frozen treats, C&CC has enough variety to please any fan. Big portions for a decent price. If you're in the area you should def. check this place out.Delicious ice cream - especially the soft serve in a Glacier!! Highly recommend to all my friends. I just wish they were open year round!One of my favorite ice cream spots! I'm not an avid ice cream eater but when I do eat it this is the place. My favorite time to go is during the fall (yes they are open in the fall) because my favorite flavor is available. That flavor happens to be caramel apple pie and it is fantastic. My only complaint is that during the summer the lines are extra long but that's a good thing right??I am lucky my boyfriend lives within walking distance of this place because it is exactly where you want to be on any given night in the summer (or hell, I will eat this ice cream year round). I have yet to venture away from my single scoop vanilla peanut butter cup on a waffle cone order because it is too darn good. 
The scoops are ENORMOUS - I usually do not finish or I finish it all and immediately regret my decision. 
I have also conducted a highly scientific experiment - drive through vs. standing in line and standing in line is a lot quicker. $10 minimum on credit cards and the parking lot is usually a zoo so I would park on the street.This is the best homemade icecream in the city! Love the chocolate peanut butter cup. The waffle cones are tasty!!!Every special occasion lately has been completed with ice cream cakes made in house! These cakes are so addicting my husband sometimes just buys one for himself for no reason (which apparently is still not embarrassing when they ask what he wants written on the cake and he replies "nothing"). You can custom order your flavors as well, so I made coffee and chocolate ice cream cake and it was amazing! They also make ice cream sandwiches in house, which usually supplements our ice cream cake purchases :) plus, friendly staff and reasonably priced!
Beware, they are closed during winters... saddest times of the year for my husband.Amazing! Went there for the first time and absolutely loved it. They habe just about every frozen treat there is. From your normal icecream cone to your frozen yogurt, they've got it and a good amount of toppings to make it special. I got the black cherry hard yogurt on a waffle cone and I have to say, it was so good it had me skipping around like a five year old. Most definitely will revisiting them again.