this is a family neighborhood restaurant offering Southern Italian food and warmth.  Do not expect a gourmet dinner or fancy frills.  Sitting outside drinking Italian food and eating pasta is perfect way to end the day.  The service was top notch and the bruscetta, while heavier than you would get in Tuscany, was tasty and filling.  The owner greets all the guests and ensures that the places operates smoothly.This review is geared towards the dance club section referenced by anna marie c. There are a couple tables and loungey sofas around the edge of the floor and the DJs have played requests for us in the past. Mirrors line the walls, probably to make it feel bigger, but useful for checking out the room to dodge creepy guys dancing out of your field of view. D'angelo's feels pretty under the radar, which I don't mind b/c it means there's a little more space on the smallish dance floor. We find there are usually some small groups and couples on the floor (no bachelorette parties here), but enough elbow room to feel comfortable and to run away from people we don't want to dance with.Came for a work event dinner that was served family style. The food was excellent. The service was friendly and accommodating but they couldn't handle a large gathering of people as it took forever to get the food out for the group. Yes, we were a huge party of close to 70 ppl, but they didn't know how to do timing in kitchen. Entrees came out nearly 30 mins apart. The dinner began at 7pm, with food service coming around 7:30, and by 9:45pm my entree hadn't come out yet. That's a LONG time to wait for the full meal. I had a train to catch at 10:30 and actually had to miss eating my meal with everyone and dessert. I had to have my plate wrapped up to take on train, even though dinner was scheduled 7-10pm. Very off. It was good though, just wish that the night was better organized.Saturday night 6/6 
Birthday dinner for my wife couldn't have been any better. 
We had a group of 10. 
We like to have fun and some of us can get a little louder than others. 
They sat us upstairs and it truly felt like we had the place to ourselves. 
Great waiter Vincenzo. Don't call him Vinny. 
Was having fun with us and did a great job keeping our food and drinks flowing. 
Food was delicious. Had a few appetizer specials and a few bottles of wine topped off with shots of home made Lemoncello. 
We closed the dance floor at 2:00am and had an absolute blast. 
The waitress downstairs was awesome and Vincenzo moved to the front door to greet customers coming in. 
We had such a great time and I'm glad we chose D'Angelo's for a very special night.I didn't have a very good experience when I went here for dinner last night. 
The host didn't seem too excited having to seat us. The staff didn't look at us any time they came to our table. The food wasn't worth the money they charged for it. The pasta sauces were very bland. There is better Italian food in Philly.Went here for drinks and dancing after having gone to Audrey Claire for dinner. The music was fantastic. The DJ mixed a lot of old and current stuff and even included some bachata and merengue since the party I was with were all latinas and latinos.
Ashame though there is this giant dance floor and nobody was dancing! At peak I would say maybe 10 people were dancing when they could easily fit 80-100 people.
It is perfect for low key dancing and drinking after a night eating around the area but is nothing crazy. I enjoyed myself!There was HAIR IN MY FOOD! And the waiter acted like I was exaggerating to get free stuff. I have never been treated like this anywhere in my life. DISGUSTING.Wow. My dinner experience was absolutely comical. I should have walked out when I asked the waiter for a drink menu he yelled at me and told me to ask a waiter. Really? 
Once we were seated we had probably the shadiest, non-personal and most distracted waiter ever. He constantly walked around the room, looked around and walked away, even as I had my hand up asking for a water. No personality. Didn't seem interested and was completely rude.
Dinner was horrible. Pasta was overcooked and microwaved. Fish was floating in a sea of cheese. Absolutely horrible.
Lots of "Soprano" looking customers. Rude, rude, rude. Never again.
Never, ever, ever again.I can't speak to the quality of the food/dining experience, but seriously, the Saturday night dance party was baller. I've never felt so one with innumerable giant old Italian men in suits. I'm not sure if the DJ is always the same, but ours was amaaazing and did a fantastic job mixing up throwbacks and the obligatory "Call Me Maybes." It's definitely an experience worth having at least once.Excellent food! Everything tastes like it is made from scratch. Fun loving staff. Awesome dancing nights. Love the outdoor seating during the warmer months!This was the my second time here. Tried the restaurant week menu and it was ok. Salad is good and soup is so-so. The lobster is very fresh and ravioli is tasteful.   The  thing I like most in D'angelo is their garlic and oliver oil sauce for bread.This place remains the sole authentic Italian restaurant from the days when being Italian and feeding other Italians meant something. I recently had  the D'Angelos salad chopped, it fed two of us and was a delightful start. My wife likes fish, but she loved the angel hair in blush sauce.  The Langostinos on my plate with thin ribbons of linguini in a scampi sauce were yumm. We got to sit outside and it's a much calmer scene than outside at Parc or RougeI love this place. Non-pretentious, affordable by Rittenhouse standards, great service, and delicious food. It's a gem. I've been there for both the food and the post dinner dancing. Dining and dancing there is similar - relaxed and fun. 
I went a couple weeks ago with a large group and it was the perfect choice. They seated us upstairs and we had space and time for boisterous talk. I would highly recommend D'Angelo's for low hassle group dining.I have never encountered such mean people in my life.
Came here last night with a group of people not for dinner but to dance. As you have a DJ. The owner was INCREDIBLY rude to us. I was told by the cocktail waitress (who was grinding on some guys lap in the back corner) to "GO HOME". I ordered a water and whiskey and was told that was "not a good idea"
Pathetic the way you treat your customers. Will be sure to never spend another penny here.
Thanks a lot D'AngelosHorrible!  So many better Italian restaurants in Philly.  Go to Salento (Walnut and 22nd) or Ralph's Italian Restaurant (9th St. in Italian market) for great food and service.Awful. Don't come here. 
1) Bad service. The waitress knew nothing about anything on the menu. Whenever I asked her about particular entrees, she could only say "it's good" and nothing more. She couldn't make any recommendations or describe anything offered beyond the description already on the menu. Also took forever to get her to pick up our check, even though she walked right by us at least 5 times before we finally gave up and replaced our credit card with cash so we could just walk out.
2) Bad food. Appetizers were ok but entrees were practically inedible. For appetizers, we got the clams florentine and bruschetta. The bruschetta was softer and not as crispy as what you'd usually expect, but I actually liked that. However, it was nothing special. The clams florentine were ok also. BUT THE ENTREES--oh dear. I came here with my boyfriend and we could barely get down more than a few bites before we decided we were done. I ordered the flounder florentine, which was essentially a fish drowning in a bowl of cheese. There was so much cheese, it was practically a soup. I couldn't even separate it from the fish, so there was no salvaging it. My boyfriend ordered the veal scallopini. I don't eat meat (just seafood) so I couldn't try it, but he's usually a good sport and able to at least eat part of something even when he doesn't like it. This veal, however, was a different case. He had maybe two bites and couldn't have any more. 
When the waitress came over to ask us how our food was, I sat there trying to find a polite way to explain my feelings about the food. I slowly started to say "not bad" and then the waitress just said "ok good" and took off.  
Never coming back here again, no matter how hungry I am and no matter how long the wait is down the street at Audrey Claire (which I would recommend in a heartbeat).After a full afternoon of shopping, my friend and I yelped Italian restaurants on every street only to find waits everywhere around 8:30pm on a Saturday night. We were pretty happy when we got to 20th and Locust and hopped into this restaurant without yelping it first. The hostess was very friendly and seated us upstairs.
The restaurant is in a cozy house type setting, much like many restaurants in the area. I can see this venue being very good for dates or groups. There is a bar downstairs and plenty of seating upstairs, nice ones by the windows too.
They were busy, so the waiter wasn't as attentive as I expected, but it was fine. We had the lasagna and penne arrabiata. The food was probably only a 3.5 star rating in my book--the penne being a little better than the lasagna. I LOVED the garlic olive oil dip that came with the bread--enjoyed that more than my meal, actually. 
Overall, this is a great restaurant with plenty of choices for everyone. And it isn't tiny, so they can accomodate parties of all sizes, definitely a plus!Went here for restaurant week. I had heard good things about it so I decided to try it out.
My dinner wasn't great, it wasn't horrible but it just wasn't very good. The veal was dry, the sauce was plane. The soup was luke warm.
It is very over priced for the quality it offers.
Parking is difficult.
I would not recommend this place to a friend.My go to Italian dining spot.  Service is excellent.  Food is beyond excellent. Yes, it has a Sopranos feel.  I like that..This place is a trifecta of all things amazing. 
I would just like to point out that we came here on a Friday night and I'm not sure how it is other nights of the week.
It's a bar, a restaurant, and a discotheque all in one! I felt like I was whisked back to good ole Europa the second I entered. I love disco-restaurants.
I was greeted by a friendly hostess who immediately offered to take my coat. 
My girlfriends were enjoying drinks at the bar and I sat down to join them. I had a pinot grigio and a tanqueray-tonic. Both are hard to mess up and they definitely hit the spot. The bartender was really friendly - and not just to us - to other patrons as well.
Food: I had a bite of my friend's pasta which was pretty standard. It wasn't spectacular, but it hit the spot - just right.
The rest of the bar/dinner crowd there was fun and entertaining as well. DO go to this place if you like to socialize, talk to other people randomly, and have a good sense of humor. Don't come here expecting a fancy feast or a typical experience. 
The disco part DJ played a good mix of Latin and dance-type songs (Michael Jackson, Rihanna, etc.) at a reasonable volume - meaning you could have a conversation at the bar and then phase everything out on the dance floor.
The only thing that saddened me a little was the amount of people on the dance floor - where was everyone? Perhaps the rain scared them away.
I am definitely coming back.Ugh was so hungry last night with a group of 4 others and this was the only restaurant with an open table on a Saturday night, and now I see why! 
I should have known the second the bread came out that it was going all down hill from there. The bread wasn't toasted, cold and the olive oil dipping sauce was terrible. The stuffed mushrooms app was soggy, not actually stuffed and just had a slice of cheese on top. The Caesar salad was over dressed and nothing but lettuce. My dinner was the "baked shrimp" which let me tell you was FRIED butterflied shrimp topped with a pound of chunky tomato sauce and slices of cheese. I won't even start with everyone's else's dishes... 
Also our bill came to $250 not including tip. SO pricey!I truly like this place.  The hostess, (I forgot her name) on the evening of March 23, 2018, is my favorite.  She is friendly, professional and accommodating.  I have been there several times and have enjoyed each time.  I like the old school feel and nothing uptight about it.  Although, I usually get the Veal Francaise, a special order of Shrimp Francaise not on the menu, was prepared for us as well.  Both meals were delicious, juicy and tender.  And then there is Gus...What's not to like about him?
The only downside is that they are closed on Sundays.  For some reason, I seem to have a craving for this place on Sundays.The owner is a nasty pig. He cursed me out because I sent back a dish and then he charged me full price for only 1/2 of the second dish. He claimed that the you only get your full dish if you specify that you want the whole dish. I have never felt more disrespected at a restaurant in my life. 
Avoid this place at all cost.If you can get a seat in the front room in the upstairs as opposed to the side room, you're golden.  It's snug and warmly lit.  The side room looked really dated and we were alone.
The food - phenomenal.  The service - phenomenal.  It's expensive, but I think we actually shared two anniversaries here when we were in college, and it was well worth the money.Miserable experience. Dinner for two. 
The veal scallopini just tasted off. The flounder Florentine had too much cheese and overpowered the fish. Also, sound carries really poorly in this restaurant. There was a group of 8 or so rowdy women dining across the floor, and though I'm all for people having a good time at dinner, the sound travelled across the room and made our dining experience really poor. We couldn't hear each other speak and had to eat while listening to women yelling at each other. When it came time to pay, the waitress passed by several times while our credit card was on the bill without picking it up - so we gave up and scrounged up cash so we could get out of there and not have to spend another second in that place.
We really had a miserable time. If you're thinking of eating here because you got rejected from Audrey Claire or Twenty Manning Grill, try to catch a taxi to another area instead. We had a miserable experience and will not be recommending this restaurant to anyone.Old world Italian in Philadelphia.  I was more then pleasantly surprised with this forever standby.  Old world charm meets solid food from the fresh bread and garlic olive oil to a pretty perfect Caesar salad with just the right amount of anchovies.  Oh the lightly fried and properly crisped veal melanaise  a sure hit and to round it out right go for the ever so wonderful cannoli.  A la Scott thinks this a solid three star Italian treat in a city that knows Italian food well.Let's see the Tomato mozzarella was decent, the bread in oils and garlic was good however my entree not happy. The pasta seemed a tad undercooked and the chicken parm was not that great. It's a pretty easy meal! The chicken was gummy. I didn't appreciate the flies towards the end of the meal either. They need a restaurant rescue!Old style Italian, no attempt to modernize the menu. That can be OK if the food is good, unfortunately this is not true here. Everything tasted tired and familiar. Calamari cold and dry without flavor. Veal chop was unremarkable. Fish was over cooked. Bread was store bought. Amazing the place is packed. The maitre'd was charming and entertaining, really saving the overall experience.we went into this restaurant for lunch on a casual weekday. guess the ambiance was "cozy", would probably look/feel better at night with lights than mid-day. the spaghetti with meatballs was very nicely done but it definitely wasn't one of the "best" i've ever tried in philly...Cannot say enough good things about the food here. Everything is amazing and reminds me of my grandmothers kitchen. Not only is the food amazing, but the D'Angelo family makes you feel right at home. Sal is so welcoming, and Gus--bartender-- is hilarious. If you can't get a table, definitely opt to sit at the bar. Gus mixes old school drinks, while everyone talks about the good ole days. You'll feel like a regular in no time.First time here and loved it!! Food was great from start to finish, the lump crab meat pasta special had HUGE pieces of crabmeat all over!!! Pasta was cooked to perfection, wine was poured generously, and even the olive oil for bread was amazingly fragrant and delicious!! The best part---sorbet! The peach sorbet was served IN A FROZEN PEACH! Coconut was served on a half shell as well--definitely good to the last drop and I'm already planning the next visit!!We really like it here... I've only been to the restaurant, but the food was delicious and the waiter was very nice.  It is a bit pricey, but very comparable to all the other restaurants in the area.  I really enjoyed it!My fiance and I decided to try this restaurant after receiving positive reviews from a friend.
However, we were disappointed. The service was very slow, and we ended up being there for over and hour and 15 minutes for just a small appetizer and two pasta dishes. Other tables that came in later were served before us as well.
I could overlook this if the food was great, but it was mediocre. I tried the Penne Arribiata, which says "Best in the City" right on the menu, but I found it fairly flavorless and nothing exceptional. My fiance had the Chicken Marsala, which ended up being very difficult to eat as the bones were still left in. It wasn't even that great. 
I do not think I will return to this restaurant, as I think there are better Italian restaurants in the area for cheaper.Finally! Was with a birthday party of 11 and we intended to dine at Audrey Claire, who doesn't take reservations. Well, it was prime time on a Saturday night and they couldn't accommodate us. Time for plan b.  Luckily for us, D'angelo's had a last minute cancellation from a large party so they welcomed us with open arms. It was fate. The only problem was that we were prepared to go to a BYOB and had about 8 bottles of champagne with us. Let's just say they were very understanding and this was no problem at all. 
We were seated and welcomed with delicious bread and olive oil with chunks of fresh garlic. We ordered a bunch of apps for the table and it was all served in a timely manner. Between the stuffed mushrooms, calamari, and bruschetta, the latter was by far my favorite. The calamari was way too crispy for my liking, almost double fried. 
In terms of entrees, there were so many delicious options, I quickly scanned the menu and decided on one without looking back. As with the apps, our entrees were also served very quickly. This was impressive for a large party on a Saturday night. I went with the ziti asparagus and was very happy with my decision. I'm not sure if I had filled up on the bread and apps, but it was way too much food to leave comfortably. Similarly, the rest of the party enjoyed their meals. During dinner we were fortunate enough to be serenaded by the owner, equipped with an acoustic guitar. It was beautiful. For dessert they allowed us to bring our own cake, not sure if they usually allow this.
After dinner we headed downstairs for some dancing. The DJ was the owner's wife and she was great. It was pretty crowded but we were comfortable. I'm only 23 and was by far the youngest one on the dance floor, but I still had a great time. D'angelo's is a solid choice for an authentic Italian meal, and I will be back.Amazing true Italian classic food.  It is on the expensive side, however the food is pretty outstanding so pick your poison.  
Def sit upstairs- the side room is this huge empty room that has a very awkward feel.  The bar and upstairs area are dark and intimate.A gem of the city! One of the best Italian meals you can find in center city, at one of the best family run establishments around.
The veal chop is unreal, but be warned.... If you're there on the weekend after 10pm, you may have too much fun!
Disco ball drops, and dangelos becomes a wedding type atmosphere.
Simply the best.One of my favorites in the city    Food is amazing. When I go I feel like I am eating my grandmothers delightful home cooked meals.  The staff is very accommodating friendly and polite. Gus the bartender is attentive and makes the best martini. The owner greets u with a charming hospitality.  I do believe it is my favorite. I feel at home like I am visiting a friendThis was my husband and my first time and it was FANTASTIC!!!!!!  Fresh, authentic Italian food with a nice atmosphere!!  Its like being in Italy, if you're in a rush, then it's not for you!!This place is totally unmemorable and very expensive.  We ordered the stuffed mushroom appetizer which was cold and tasteless.  For entrees I had the veal chop, which was fine, but nothing special..  My boyfriend ordered the chicken piccata, again, nothing special.  For the prices, I expected to be wowed.  Save the money an go elsewhere when you're craving Italian.Yum! We ate here for dinner while visiting Philly and while the prices were a little steep, we were pleased with everything we ordered. We started with a glass of wine and their fresh bread with olive oil and garlic which was delicious! We each had a side salad with the Italian vinegarette--thank god the waiter warned me the house dressing is like a thousand island, Yuck!--which was fresh and tasty, but in all reality nothing special and probably not worth the price. I ordered the broccoli with ziti and he had the ziti with asparagus. The pasta was cooked perfectly and mine offered a light, fresh tomato and garlic flavor with crisp broccoli. The ziti with asparagus was in a cheesy pink sauce which was tasty but pretty rich. We finished off with a coffee cocktail which was perfect. The service was very attentive and friendly and you could tell they were trying to run a tight ship. As far as atmosphere, yes it looks like a house somewhat poorly decorated from the early '90's, but sometimes for Italian that can be a little charming.Overpriced and Overrated.
The food is mediocre at best and the service was so-so.  When the waitress came to our table to give us the specials of the night, two of our guests were engaged in conversation.  With an air of condescension, the waitress then let us all know that she would wait until "everyone was done talking."   If a restaurant wants to seem classy, its servers need to treat diners with respect.  Nothing about this place is great.   The entrees taste like something that could come from a box.D'Angelo's remains the classic Italian restaurant it has been since it first opened. The service is top notch and the food is far better than you'll find at any other Italian restaurant in the city. The owner, Sal serenading guests as they fine is also unique and a very nice touch! Make a reservation as soon as you can!Sure the posting says $$$ but $7.50 for a cannoli goodness! Although the hint of orange and chocolate bits in a wonderfully crunchy shell were delicious the filling could have had more body. It took longer that acceptable for take out in a rather sparsely populated establishment.5 stars hands down.  Gus and the owner Anthony always make you feel like family.  The food is Extrondinaire and the service beyond reproach.  Always my go to fine dining fir Italian.   Mange bene Anthony!!I ordered Pescatore with red sauce.  It was a $45.00 dinner item.  It came with white sauce.  The waiter took it away and in a minute returned it with red sauce.  FYI they dumped the white sauce and put a spoonful of red in.  The owner completely defended the action.  Not worth the visit.OK, start with the fact that it is on prime real estate next to Rittenhouse Square and you can rationalize their prices.  Linguine with clams $22, Veal parmigiana $26, seafood over linguine $45 (ouch).  If you really want Italian and you have to be on Rittenhouse Square, this could be a good choice, but be prepared to pay.  The pasta was al dente, with lots of garlic and butter, but nothing special.  
The building is three stories of a big row house. The decor looks from the 1990s.  Dining with pictures of old Italy on the walls.  The wait staff checked on us several times.  Dress is casual.  Jeans are fine.I have been here twice,  the first with my family and the second with a large group of friends.  Although no one had a bad meal per se, no one had a good meal either.  Their alfredo sauce is pasty/chalky and their decor is way outdated.   Service was decent.  
The restaurant turns into a club scene after dinner hours and I do have to say is a lot of fun.I've been eyeing this place for a month and finally went last night. The exterior is charming, with grape vines and fairy lights growing over the street. The service is exceptional and so was the food. The only reason I withhold the extra star is I would have appreciated more vegetarian options.this place is weird!  The type of people that come there that is.  Unknowingly, I chose it to celebrate my birthday  because we could eat and we could dance.  When I was arranging it, the owner and whoever else I talked to on the phone were the most accommodating people ever which was great as I had a large group (18).  But when the night came - it was a 180-degree turn... We were not given a private room as I was told because 2 people cancelled.  They set the table on the dance floor even though it was close to 8 o'clock and the dancing part starts at 10... when I told them to move us, they refused.  Only when people in my party started showing up late, they realized that they should have given us a room upstairs as was promised on the phone.  So, we had to move....There were a few mix-ups with our order.  The waiter sold the appetizers so hard with no regards to quantity that we literally stuffed ourselves with bruschettas & salads and only a few of us had room to order an entree.  Nevertheless, it was a very expensive dinner - as my friend saw the bill, he thought it was in liras:-)  
The dinner left to desire better food and service, but the dancing part was fun.  If you are there with a large crowd, you can have a great time - the music was great!  Warning: if you are there by yourself, be ready to fight off older "gentlemen" crowding the bar:(  Overall, great for dancing (not all nights  - I heard), but terrible for celebrations.  don't ruin your birthday!D'Angelo's is kind of one step above the Olive Garden. It has a tourist trap kind of feel to it.  The food was decent, but not that great for the price. It's an okay option if you can't get in anywhere else and you're starving.Old style Italian!! Service was excellent!
Our friend brought us here, we're so glad he did! 
Table of five and we ordered the Caprese salad and mushrooms as appetizers. Very good. Hot bread and oil too. Everyone enjoyed their entree, bolognese, mussels, veal two ways and sausage. Wish my Italian was better for the proper names...
Great bottle of wine! The owners came by to check on us, very nice, sweet guys.
We sat upstairs near the front windows, great spot.
Desserts were also terrific, I loved the cannoli's !
To my surprise, we hit the dance floor downstairs after dinner. Such fun! Great music, fun crowd.
Put this place on your list of places to try!I would have given a 4 star review if it hadn't been for the impatient, unfriendly waiter.  If I was in a position where I was working for tips , I'd go out of my way to be nice.  This guy made us feel unwelcome from the moment he arrived at our table. Food was very good.  It's a shame that the experience was brought down by the waiter !We came here with another couple for dinner--mostly for convenience (it was right around the corner for both of us), and curiosity (we walk past it every day).
This is the kind of place that has been owned by the same couple for the last few decades--the owner will come by and sit at your table and talk to you for awhile (which could be a positive or negative, depending on the occasion), the woman I presume to be his wife is loud but generally friendly, the waiters joke around with you.  To me, all of this could be good or bad, depending on what kind of vibe you're looking for at a restaurant.
What killed it, though, was the food.  My husband and I split a calamari appetizer, which was lukewarm, bland, and soggy at best.  He got the lasagna, and I got a pasta--prosciutto, peas, mushrooms, with a cream sauce.  The whole thing was bland, the pasta overcooked (it fell across my fork so limply, it looked rather pathetic), the dish was lukewarm again, and the cream sauce was goopy in texture--ugh!  I felt like I could make better pasta with some canned alfredo sauce.
On top of it all, it wasn't exactly cheap either.  Definitely doesn't break the bank, but for the money you spend, you could definitely get a decent meal elsewhere.
Every place deserves a second chance though (unless one of us gets really sick...which we didn't)...so we may be back.  Probably not too soon, though.Have been to D'angelo's several times.  It is truly one of the best Italian places to eat in Philly.  Fortunately we came with a group of freinds and family and could share.  Food tastes so fresh, and the portions are ridiculously large, so bring and extra notch for your belt.  Highly recommend the Bolognese, Fettucine Alfredo, and the Penne Arrabiata and the Broccoli Rabe with Hot Sausage.  Several of us ate desert, and the homemade cheescake is a home run.I love D'angelo's!  Really authentic Italian food, excellent pasta and a lot of local color usually hanging out by the bar.  If you ever want to participate in or witness a Mob Wives style dance party, stop by on a Saturday Night.  Otherwise, sit at the bar and order a big glass of red wine, and enjoy the people watching.I can't believe that I waited so long to eat here. The food was fantastic. The waiter was very friendly and experienced. It felt like a great neighborhood place where you could go often and they would know your name.Delicious food and authentic Italian atmosphere. I had the roasted red peppers with tuna as an appetizer and it was so fresh and tasty. The cheese ravioli was great too. The owner was very nice and walked around the place and sang Italian songs while playing on a guitar. I would definitely go back here.After reading the reviews I was a bit excited to have dinner with the group I was meeting with.  I will state that this review is based on eating with a group of about 20 people so they could have had an effect on their ability to live up to the ratings I read.
With that said - I don't think they can accommodate a larger group like we had, service-wise yes, food quality, no.  The appetizers came out fine and as mentioned the service was fantastic, right there when you needed someone and very attentive the entire time we were there.
I personally was not happy with my entrée, I ordered the filet special medium rare and it was served medium well and not real warm... I'm thinking it spent a bit of time under a heat lamp...
Other people had a variety of dishes from veal chops to fish.  I noticed the people that were ordering the meats were ordered them medium well and were happy.
The pasta was nothing special but the red sauce I had was tasty.  The desserts were displayed very well and many people thought they were very good - I had the ricotta cheesecake which looked good but unless you are used to that consistency with the cheese didn't taste that great.
Overall the dining experience was nice and the service was fantastic... unfortunately my meal brought the rating down significantly as it was not prepared well and I've eaten at many Italian restaurants for the same price that were much better.Came here at 10:00 on a Friday night as my group of friends were looking for a place that we could go dancing. Was disappointed that upon arrival we were the only people there.  A grumpy bartender seemed less than thrilled to serve us even though we were his only clients. I asked for a mojito and that made the bartender laugh - like why would I even dream that they would serve a mojito there. I ended up getting a crappy beer instead. The DJ was playing music appropriate for folks in their 50s / 60's. I was disappointed that they were not playing more current music. All and all we had a good time for a place that doesn't charge a cover but my hopes for D'angelos had been much higher. Hoping I just caught it on an off night.This was the first time I ordered spaghetti and meatballs at a restaurant after reading that it was voted Best Of Philly. Delicious! We were in a large room as the only table, though, which was odd. But the food was great.Some Enchanted Evening
Looking for a place to dine and dance, my dance partner suggested D'Angelo's. After serious negotiations for a parking place, we needed a drink. Luckily the restaurant was welcoming and cozy with a knowledgeable bartender who didn't blink an eye when I ordered a Kir Royale. We dined at a premier table. The bread was fresh, but cold--so we warmed it over our candle, the clams florentine were perfect, my veal was tender but the broccoli rabe was a bit salty. Jim's lobster was a little tough but he devoured it with the seasoned butter sauce and ate the reminder of my entree (kitchen exhausted from the Army-Navy Game celebrants?). Service was attentive. The owner greeted us and asked if all were okay. Hard to complain with empty plates. After dinner, we went downstairs to dance--all salsa and bachata--give us a break! To recover, we headed to Rittenhouse Sq. to view the holiday lights intensified by their reflection on the rain-splashed walkways. Remedial umbrella-holding training was necessary. I was kissed warmly for my efforts--I'm bumping this guy up to date level. Thank your, Mr. D'Angelo.Great not-quite-family-style Italian Restaurant in the heart of Rittenhouse Square.  Great selection of pastas, with the whole wheat option.
The people could not have been more friendly and accommodating.  We had a 7:00 pm reservation on a Saturday night.  We should up at 6:30 pm because the two small children with us were tired.  They immediately, and graciously seated (in the downstairs/dancing area).
Our waiter was attentive and forthcoming with suggestions.  We ordered off the menu (sometimes at the waiter's suggestion) and everyone was pleased with every dish.
The several clam appetizers were not to my 10 year old son's liking, so the waiter suggested --off the menu-- a clam fra diavolo or just clams in red sauce.  They would make either.  
I wasn't sure if I wanted fresh mozzarella with sun dried tomato.  The waiter suggested--off the menu-- a mozzarella caprese.  We ended up doing the caprese with sun dried tomato on top.  Excellent. 
I could not decide between several pasta dishes, so the waiter suggested a sampler for two (even though it was not on the menu) of three different pastas.  We were each served our own plate containing a smaller portion of Penne Arrabiata, Penne with Asparagus and Fusilli with Eggplant and Mozzarella.  The only disappointment was the fusilli was actually rotini, which is fine, but don't sell me fusilli and give me rotini.
My children had spaghetti and meatballs, which they both loved (and my wife confirmed was excellent).  
Our guests had a stuffed calamari (which I would not eat, but was told was fantastic) and a chicken parmigiana (which I confirmed was fantastic!).  I had a cannoli (I know, I know).  Tasted fresh and homemade. The cream had a hint of orange rind flavor.  Chocolate chips and no pistachios. 
The prices (despite what OpenTable says) are higher than $$, but pretty reasonable by Rittenhouse Square standards. Six of us (four adults and two children) had 3 appetizers, 2 children's entrees, 4 adult entrees, two bottles of wine, 4 desserts and 3 coffees.  The bill, before tip, was about $320.On a Valentine's Day date my guest and I walked into a room filled with heart-shaped balloons and candlelit tables. While most restaurants may overbook, I felt comfortable and cozy in the slim dining room upstairs. The menu itself may be pricey to some, but I ordered Lobster Ravioli with baby shrimp in a pink creme champagne sauce for $28. On a romantic holiday, that is a fair price for me. My guest had lobster a la Francaise in an egg battered, lemon & butter sauce for 45.00, he was not all that impressed with his dish and expected his lobster to be less chewy. If you're skipping an appetizer, D'angelos serves fresh bread with olive oil for dipping, all pretty standard. When my dish came out, the ravioli was cooked perfectly, the sauce was delicious and of course I used the fresh bread as a dip to my champagne sauce. How could I not? Yum, yum and more yum. A simple romantic dinner as we had a great time while he drank scotch, I had white wine.
The management really seems to take pride in their restaurant since they took a few photos of patrons, greeted guests and peaked in every once in awhile. It wasn't creepy-annoying the way other restaurants table stalk guests, it was innocent and had a sweetness to it.
Side note: the venue has coat check, valet and a lounge.Reason for 1 star and not 0; the two ladies that are the hostesses were very nice and welcoming. Other than that, this restaurant should be ashamed to call itself 'Italian'. This was the worst Italian food I have ever eaten.  Ordered the Italian Antipasti, was $11.00 I think, and was just a few shreds of watery iceberg lettuce and tuna, tasteless tomatoes and some leftover salami. Really overpriced and bland. Ordered the Taglatelle Bolognese, was REALLY bad! If this is an Italian restaurant, they SHOULD know how to make Bolognese, which is made with MILK not heavy whipping cream. It tasted like taco meat that they added to a fettucine sauce.  The taglatelle was stale, they don't even use fresh, homemade pasta and they really should at these prices. Also ordered the spaghetti and meatballs, which seems to be their claim to fame, and it was just bland, the meatballs were 'ok', but the spaghetti was not cooked al dente, about 2 minutes under, so it had a 'crunch' in the middle. And again, no homemade pasta, only the dried box stuff. The waiter was okay, but he seemed to not want to be bother too much.  If you want to have decent Italian food in the Rittenhouse area, go to the newly opened Serafina at 18th and Walnut, where they make all their own pasta, the service is superb and the prices are reasonable. Or just take the trip to South Philly and go to Villa di Roma, but do not waste money here. I agree with a previous reviewer, it is a fancy (and over-priced) Olive Garden.I feel bad about the low rating only because I didn't pay for anything and someone else is spending the money for me to have a good time. Now, that being said, we had a great time in spite of less than average service and the food was simply not very good.  Maybe I'm missing something......Yeah, it's the go to place for mushy pasta, tasteless tomato sauce, pasty meatballs, tough veal and cheap tasting wine. I really hate overpaying for diner food. And the noise...ugh. Don't be fooled by their website. The place is tired and ready for new owners.Food and service were great. Pasta is home made. Tomato sauce was excellent. I had very tender chicken Parm. Fettechini Bolognase was awesome. Prices are too high.My company had a holiday lunch here, and I have to say, it was just about the most horrible excuse for "Italian" food I've ever experienced. From the 1.5 hour wait for our food, to the glass of ice tea that smelled like it hadn't been washed in a few years, to the overdressed Caesar salad with very little flavor and gross wilting lettuce, and then finally to the entree "Flounder Francaise" that was suggested to me (which turned out to be an eggy, soggy mess that supposedly had fish inside it somewhere (see photo) and the side of overcooked "homemade" fettucine (I've had homemade plenty and this ain't it)..with marinara sauce that must have come out of a can (also see photo). This meal was a disgrace. And not just mine, but pretty much everyone was disappointed. 
I remembered that we had a holiday lunch there about 2 years ago that wasn't great, but wasn't nearly this awful. I also remember that there was almost no one else in the restaurant that time. This time, the restaurant was packed. I can't help but think that they overbooked the restaurant and ended up not being able to serve anyone in a reasonable amount of time. I'm serious. We got there at 12:30pm and didn't get any food until 1:47pm. When the first appetizers came, they were single-sized portions, not sharing portions (and I didn't go into detail on those - but they were calamari, tomato/mozzarella, and bruschetta.. all pretty sad looking). 
I could tell that the waitress knew how bad the meal was.. and she was very sweet. The one upside was that all the waitstaff seemed very nice, but way overworked. This place should have closed - or just become a full time nightclub - long long ago.Amazing dinner at D'angelo's! Only downside was the Mater D wasn't real friendly. We had gotten to the restaurant at 415pm for dinner but didn't know they didn't open til 5. If we overheard the mater D say once we heard it a dozen times that they didn't open til 5 and why are 'these people' here already. Kind of rude. Had we not had a gift certificate, we probably would have gotten up and went some where else.I am shocked by all of the horrible reviews.  We love eating at D'Angelos.  The menu is basic, the pasta is good, and we have always had great service.  We get the same waiter each time who always remembers us and is very sweet.  I like that this isn't a yuppie/hipster joint.  There is nothing novel about the decor or the food, which I find refreshing.  They make the best puttanesca I've had in Philly and a damn good pasta with anchovies.Four stars for service, most definitely. Three stars for food-- but I probably just ordered the wrong thing.
I was here a few months ago. The line at Audrey Claire was an hour and  a half long, and my friends and I were roaming the neighborhood with many bottles of wine. D'angelo's was just down the street and the owner ushered us in, assuring us that we could drink our own wine even though it's not typically a BYO. Lovely.
If I remember correctly, I was preparing for a big night of drinking and didn't want to get too full before partying. I ordered the caprese salad, which was mediocre. The mozzarella was nothing special and the tomatoes were not ripe or juicy. I also ordered the lentil soup which was perfectly seasoned and dressed with parmesan cheese. The bread at the table was wonderful, paired with an incredibly garlicky olive oil. The server was top-notch and opening every wine bottle as the previous one emptied. 
Recently I saw a "Hiring" sign in the window and went in to ask for details. I mentioned to the owner that I was there in September with friends; we had our wine and it was so nice that we were allowed to drink it there. He nodded and said he remembered we sat upstairs. I liked that. Who doesn't like to be remembered?This place is just not up to the standard of Italian food in the East Coast US. I don't even know where to begin. 
The prices on the wine list are out of control in a place that doesn't look like it's been updated since George Bush (the first one) was president. 
Bread on table is the sorriest excuse for Italian bread I have ever seen. it was a step above wonder bread. 
Their appetizer of fried calamari was the most paltry serving I've ever seen. I kid you not, 12 pieces. It was under seasoned are served on top of what looked like day old, wilted greens. 
Their chicken parm was unremarkable. Forgettable sauce. 
Veal Milanese was a complete joke. A greasy battered cutlet with what looked liked chunky herbs in the batter (no matter you couldn't taste the herbs they were probably dried and lost their flavor) and served over 8 pieces (I counted) of what looked like a grocery store spring mix that was days old and one the way out. The greens were wilted and not because of heat because they looked like they been around too long. 
We skipped dessert, why bother.It's always tough to give an Italian spot a 4 star since there are so many great places, but this one gets it not so much for food, but good food, relaxed atmosphere, great service, a homey feel, and decent prices for the area.  
You feel like you are at home and could slide up to the bar solo and watch a game, chat with a nice bartender, go for a date, or latter for dancing.  The Lagonstino and whole fish were both yummy and the veggies were fresh and simple.Fun at D'Angelo's Dance Partner's comments on DARIA M's REVIEW OF 12/21/10. He said, "Your rating was too high." I asked, "Really, why?" He began: "Because their parking lot was full--I practically was "held-up" getting a parking spot, their DJ was stuck in salsa; and we were seated in a flight path." I said, "I covered the first two items in my review and we were seated in a great spot--a booth in the middle of the action." He countered, "How about the woman who sat on my lap?" Incredulous, I asked "What?" He said, "Yes, when you and the other dancers were crawling on the dance floor looking for your lost gold bracelet, a woman pushed me down in a chair and sat on my lap." I asked, "Why weren't you on the dance floor helping us instead of lap dancing? Luckily a gentleman found it for me." Not to be outdone, he asked, "Did you see the coat-check person with a Mafia-inflicted handicap? I said, "I hope you tipped him well, he secured my handbag safely...besides what do YOU know about the Mafia? Yo, Jim, where were we? We were at an authentic South Phila. Italian restaurant that just happened to be located near Rittenhouse Sq. Like the food? I think so--you licked your plate AND mine." He said, "Well I'm still not going back." I retorted, "But I will and oh, by the way that kiss in the park--your saliva was cold.  Too bad I couldn't rate that! Nevertheless, I still had an enchanted evening. Truthfully, was it a fun evening? If not, just send me the bill for any expenses incurred and I'll reimburse you." He paused for a second, smiled and said, "Would you like to go to a great Italian restaurant in Phila? I know one called 'D'Angelo's; I'll even warm up my saliva. Still miffed, I bumped him back from "date" to "dance partner" status.The food was great, but the service was not. First they asked us if we wanted pepper on our salad and one of us said yes but they never brought the pepper. Then they never gave me a knife for my chicken parmigiana so my wife gave me hers. They brought the wrong main course for my wife so we sent it back. The waiter filled the water glasses at the table next to us but did not come over to us until we called them over to us. Then we asked for a box so we could take our dessert home and they forgot to bring us the box. Nothing major happened, but it was enough to make our meal less enjoyable.Thought I'd try this place since I lived around the corner. Walked in tonight and asked about the soup of the day. Hostess said white bean. Asked for a table for one and the hostess ran off to a the kitchen and came back with soup to go. I told her I wanted to sit and have dinner. She told me as she was leaving the host stand to seat a couple "that'll be $5." I'm giving two stars since the soup to go was very fast, but she didn't seem to care that I wanted to sit and eat. Looked over the prices on the menu while still waiting to be seated. Left and currently enjoying dinner at a BYOB down to the street.still the best italian around in Philly.  
we had dinner here (or was it late lunch) in early 2015 and ate upstairs on a nice day.  
the food was as good as it was 20 yrs ago, the service even better.  
we had a nice table with a window view.The server kept kicking my chair and did not apologize. This was quite bothersome after the third or fourth time. I ordered the seafood salad for $18!!! and this was albeit good seafood on iceberg lettuce though. If I am paying $18 for an appetizer salad, then I expect more than iceberg lettuce even if there was super fresh seafood on top of it. I paid $20!!!!!! for 4 pieces of ravioli which tasted store bought and some marinara sauce that tasted like Prego. That was officially 5$/ravioli. Shoot, I can buy a whole box at Whole Foods for $5. Nope, this place is not worth going to. Others did like their food, but no one raved about it. FYI, drinks are expensive too.Visited on 4/17/2010.  What a suprise this place turned out to be!  Came here at the suggestion of a friend for the dance club part of the night.  Located near 20 Manning in the Rittenhouse Neighborhood, it would be easy to miss except for the loud music thumping into the street.  The crowd was....meh.  Older italian men and cougars galore.  But with a group of us it was fun!  Great dj, plenty of room to dance.  Drinks were what you would expect in Rittenhouse-2 for $20, so no surprise there.  A fun place to visit if you like to have a little space when you dance and you have a fun group-cause your not meeting anyone under 30 here!  Unless we get the word out yelpers!I am not sure if I can accurately capture the essence of D'Angelo's.  When you walk in, it is dark and ambient.  An instrumental version of Moon River was playing in the background.  We were greeted by the proprietor, who whisked us upstairs to an intimate setting, away from the other patrons. 
D'Angelo's really does deserve five stars.  Amidst tons of Italian options, I was a little hesitant to try this place out at first.  It is not dripping with trend, it is not in South Philly, and despite being on that special restaurant row of 20th St. between Spruce and Locust, I have not really heard much about it.
D'Angelo's is a classic dining experience.  The staff will take care of every minute detail.  My lasanga, not something I usually order, was massive and I ate the whole thing!  So delicious!  
Side note: This sounds a little odd, but I really appreciated the carpeting too.  It kept the noise levels down.  We had a lovely nook on the second floor, overlooking the tree-lined street.  I can't wait to go back.