Even though there isnt wine on-site, the food is super delicious. It also saves alot on the bill with my friends. The pre-fixe gave us three courses to make selections on. It was actually reasonably priced. The service was quick, but relaxed so we could enjoy ourselves. We did homemade dessert shots with the owner when we finished our meal, which made it even more amazing.I adore Da Vinci's.  This is a true family run Italian Ristorante.  Their goal is to fill you with their divine food and make you feel like you are family.  I have been twice with my large family and both times I was completely in heaven.  The food was outstanding, the service was delightful and the ambiance is warm and inviting.  Please note it is (like many dining establishments in this area) BYOB, so they encourage you to bring your own wine.  This is the type of place that you dream about the 'next' time you'll be in town because you long to return.  Truly, top-notch and don't forget to save room for their marvelous desserts!  I'd say it's one of my very favorites!!This Italian BYOB was a very pleasant experience.  
I enjoyed the Carpaccio Di Salmone, which was thinly-sliced, cured salmon.  It wasn't anything to go crazy over.  I was actually more impressed with the hummus-like dip that came with the bread.  Delicious and a nice alternative to standard olive oil.
For my main dish I chose a pasta, the Cavatelli con rapini e pollo, which was house-made pasta, broccoli rabe, chicken, and sun-dried tomatoes.  It was a simple, cozy dish.  I ate all of it, and rolled myself home.
Oh, and FYI, do not be concerned if when you get to the restaurant there are few or no people sitting in the front dining room.  They have a beautiful outdoor patio and we were pleasantly surprised when we walked out to several chattering tables.Much better than expected!!!! 
Everybody had an appetizer. We had the bruchetta which came with 4 different toppings. I know one had artichokes and red peppers, another had mozzarella and avacado, another was original tomato topping and I could not tell you what was on the brown one- but it was amazing. We also had a crepe appetizer with ham and alfredo (maybe?).  All of our appretizers were fantastic, as was the bread witha hummus spread.
For dinner I had the gnocci la forno. Gnocci with mozzarella baked. Delicious, especially with added pepper and parmesean cheese. Others at the table had tortellinis, raviolis, and swordfish. Every meal was finished, although some were a little bland. Definately needed pepper and cheese.
Staff was incredibly accomodating and did not push us to leave at the end of the night, they politely got us everything we asked for and served everything with a smile and a "your'e welcome". Probably the best service I have had all year. No attitude whatsoever.
BYOB. Very affordable. They give you chocolate cello shots after dinner, whcih tasted like chocolate milk. Bill for two came to $44, totally affordable. Will be taking more trips to this place, for sure.My boyfriend and I took his mother out to Da Vinci yesterday evening and it was a huge success!  She's a bit of a picky eater, not too bad but just enough that she usually sticks to what she knows.  There was not one thing that we ordered that she didn't try and enjoy!  The weather was beautiful so we were able to eat in the patio, which was small and comfortable.  The service was wonderful, not rushing us at all and there always seemed to be food on the table.
Make sure you order several courses to get the whole experience.  Take your time and enjoy yourself!  And order the mussels!Passyunk Ave East is the newest trendy neighborhood in the city, but, shhh, the been-livin-here-all-my-life locals don't seem to care.  What they care about is safe streets, respectful neighbors, and food.  Lotsa food.  Good food. And DaVinci's does live up to that expectation.  Our party of 6 was greeted warmly,  white wine chilled coldly,  bottles of red opened to breathe all in the first few minutes of our arrival.  We were told the specials, we ordered, and ate.  Boy did we eat.  Food was wonderful.  If available, try the veal chop, or the veal ravioli, or gnocchi pomodoro, or well, you get the idea.  Reservation was at 6 PM, we left at 9:30 PM and were never hurried or made to feel unwelcome.  Server was gracious and friendly.   If you are in South Philadelhia, this is a stop.This restaurant was amazing! The decor is colorful but tasteful and subdued, the atmosphere romantic, and the food divine and reasonably priced.  I had cappelini with crabmeat and fresh tomatoes, which was delicious (fresh and not overly sauced), and my partner had chicken breast which was neatly rolled and contained proscuitto and mozarella, with a side of perfectly cooked spinach and roasted potatoes.  Both dishes were superb.  The bread, an entire hot loaf, was from a local bakery and was about the best Italian bread I've ever eaten.  Our server, Vincenzo, was extremely efficient and attentive and even served us a free glass of delicious homemade wine and 2 glasses of chocolate limoncello.  We shared a tiramisu, which was rich, creamy and elegantly served in a large wine glass.  This is definitely one of the best Italian restaurants in Philadelphia!This was our second visit to DaVinci's and unbelievably, it was better than the first! We sat in their outdoor courtyard, which is beautifully decorated with mosaics all over the four walls and the tables. There's also a lovely working fountain. Our server, John, was very attentive, especially when the sky opened up and we had to hustle inside. He brought me a complimentary glass of homemade red wine which was the best red wine I've ever had! They had the same delicious crusty bread with an awesome sun dried tomato/zucchini spread. Hubby and I shared the Cozze Leonardo app, a wonderful dish of black mussels sautéed with garlic, white wine, tomato sauce and mini crab meatballs. I then had the Vitello ai Carciofi and it was just as good as the first time around. Hubby had the Tortellini Tre P, which had prosciutto and peas in a panda cream sauce. I think he would have licked the plate if no one was looking! We were stuffed by then so we opted for no dessert or coffee. However, John brought us complimentary chococello shots made with nutella. I downed them both!
Outside of the temporary downpour that interrupted our lovely outdoor experience, we had a lovely dinner and a wonderful time.I will never go back. The best part of the meal was the bread. We were never asked if we wanted anything to drink besides the water we were given, then they got our appetizer very wrong. The food is bland and I had to add salt to every dish I ate. Any dish cooked with lemon (and many are) is cooked with the lemon seeds still in, which makes it very bitter. My boyfriend ate some cheap chicken dish with bleu cheese and walnuts that was flat-out gross. When asked what was in two dishes we ordered, the wait staff didn't know. Essentially, I felt as though their chef tries too hard to be unique; the ingredients make the dishes sound delicious, but they are poorly executed. Finally, the last straw was when my cannoli was cream cheese and not ricotta, and the filling did not fill the length of the shell, but instead was a gaping hallow inside. Should I mention that they gave us those complimentary chocolate shots that everyone is talking about, but they didn't card me, my boyfriend, or my sister (who is SIXTEEN!) when they served us the alcohol? I would never recommend this restaurant and I was SHOCKED it had so many good reviews.Really good food with solid service. Being an Italian restaurant in South Philly should be proof enough of the quality of food served here. If you like italian food (who doesnt), check this place out!Words cannot begin to describe how disappointed I was with this place, but I'll try. Was in the area yesterday for the night market and got fed up with the lines, so I decided to have dinner here with several friends. Things started on a high point, with warm, crusty bread and a very flavorful pate, but it was a fast downward spiral from there. 
First of all, the food took FOREVER to arrive. To be fair, there was a big birthday party next to our table, so I'm assuming the kitchen was busy preparing their food. However, we waited at least 1 HOUR for the food, during which the server only showed up once to fill our water glasses, nor was there any attempt to allay our ascending impatience. We were basically ignored for the whole time, until I finally got fed up, flagged down a server and inquired about our food (one of my friends was ready to walk out at that point). 
To add insult to injury, the food was not worth the wait. We ordered the calamari, which was overcooked rubber rings drowned in red sauce, eggplant rolantini, where no eggplant flavor was discernible, it was just greasy piece of something wrapped around flavorless ricotta. Another failure was the penne with sausage: utterly forgettable. The only things that were acceptable were the seafood pasta and smoked salmon appetizer (no cooking necessary). 
After polishing off the food within minutes, we were ready for the check...which never came...until we asked for it again. With the check came some sort of complimentary chocolate drink, which the server plonked down in front of me, and instantly toppled over. If I hadn't reacted fast enough, I would have had chocolate drink all over me. Our server apologized and said he'd bring another one, then he went ahead and plonked down drinks in front of my friends, and he got back to my side of the table and said: do you still want another one of the drink?, as though it's such an inconvenience, he'd rather not do it unless absolutely necessary. This was simply the last straw. I will never go back to this place again and I caution anyone who's thinking about going.This place was just okay and definitely not worth restaurant week. No glass of free wine which was referenced in the original restaurant week ad. We were told that was from last year. The salad was basic appetizer delicious and main dishes mediocre. The staff was very nice. Went to chiarellas a few weeks ago and the food there blows this place away.I'm not sure why, but this place was completely empty on a Saturday night.  We walked in around nine for a late dinner and there was not a soul in sight.  Anyway, to make a long story short, I loved this place!  The courtyard was really beautiful, the food was excellent and it was BYO which makes it that much better.  Even though we were the only people in the restaurant and it was getting late, the pace was very leisurely and we were not rushed at all.  I found it to be a little pricey, but the portions let all of us full.  I will definitely return and also recommend to friends in the neighborhood.Da Vinci's is always a delightful tale of BYOB, good conversation, and homemade plates of palate teasers. East Passyunk area is always a good choice when the weather is nice. Da Vinci's has indoor and outdoor seating. I love sitting in the outdoor mosaic filled walls of mirrors and shiny treasures. Every time I am there, I happen to always get the same server, Vincenzo. He will most definitely tell you that everything is delicious and to try the specials. 
The menu is divided into three parts, antipasti, primi, and secondi. The primi and secondi are confusing because they are both large portions within the same price range. Fresh hot bread is always dropped at your table with your drinks with some type of pate. Last time I was there it was a tomato and mushroom pate. The pate beats butter or oil with your bread on any day!
For the "antipasti" or "primi" courses I have had the daily special of escargot with polenta, which I do not recommend. Really interesting idea, just not executed as well as it could of been. It was extremely mushy and lacked in strong flavor especially considering the main ingredient is snail. The salads are pretty standard and well portioned. My absolute favorite to get as a starter is the pan seared gnocci. But I swear it is deep fried! It is just heavenly! If you are a picky eater and want something simple the fettucine gorgonzola with walnuts is very simple and tasty. 
From the "secondi," I always enjoy the salt crusted sea bass that they fillet table-side (which is usually a special) it comes with the daily vegetable, and potatoes. The Zuppa di pesci is always a good choice, it is the seafood triple threat. 
For dessert, I know its always the tiramisu with italian restaurants. But their's is truly a piece of heaven. It is usally accommodated by a complimentary shot of lemon cello or a house made chocolate cello. 
Overally, Da Vinci's is a moderately priced restaurant with a lot to offer. Especially with the BYOB, its nice to spend that extra money on a nice three course meal.For a neighborhood full of Italian restaurants, this one is not terrible but should not be your first stop.
Repeatedly walked by this restaurant, first time trying.  The decor looked like a mid-western high schooler's interpretation of Italian culture.  Colors more fitting a tex-mex restaurant and the ceiling beams are just stained 2x4s bolted to the drywall above.  Place is BYOB: not a problem and wine service was handled well enough.  In fact, the service was the exceptional part of the evening - two staff taking turns on each table, very polite & knowledgeable, and waters were refilled as frequently as done Chinese restaurants.
Whomever has been saying only $$ hasn't been in lately.  Even with a restaurant dot com coupon, we dropped over $100 for 2 despite sharing a pasta course.
Their menu and evening's specials provided a decent selection of antipasti, primi, and secondi.  However, while the food was tasty enough it was not impressive.  The gnocchi was overdone - dry, chewy, and crusted on the outside.  The homemade fettuccine & duck ragout was mealy and bland.  My secondo's sauce on the fish tasted old and stale, and the roasted potatoes didn't even hold a candle to a diner's potatoes, let alone something for dinner.  My partner's mashed potatoes were much better.  However, her veal wasn't tender as veal usually is.  Finally, deserts were ok; the homemade creme brulee cheesecake and limoncello-marscapone cake were tasty but more sweet than complex.
In a suburb, this place would do well against the Carrabas & Macaroni Grills.  However, in south Philly, there are too many good italian restaurants (even within a few blocks of this one) for Da Vinci's to stand out.Have to agree with most people that reviewed DaVinci, it's a good spot. Love BYO's and am adding this one to the list. 
We tried the Caeser with fried Mozzarella and calamari for starters.
I neglected to read the menu and assumed the calamari was fried, but this was done in a red sauce with peas. Tasty, but once in a while I go for fried food and I do love fried calamari.
For dinner we had two pasta dishes. One was the linguine with garlic sauce and clams. It was tasty , but if I ordered it I would ask for extra garlic. I love garlic so maybe for the average palate there was enough.
I had the gnocci with duck bologenese, which was very good. The gnocci were very light and the duck bologonese was very good.
Really didn't want dessert but once our server went over the choices we gave in. Had the Lemoncello cake which was light as air and really good. 
At the end of the meal they bring you complimentary chocolate liquor that is chilled.
Sat outside in the courtyard which is very colorful. Fountain, music not too loud and a very nice spot to relax and have a nice dinner.
Dinner took 2 hours, which is fine for a  Saturday night, but I think they were a little short staffed as the courtyard was packed and the inside restaurant was over half full. Outside of that I would say grab a couple of bottles of wine and enjoy.
Oh.................dinner was $58.  Yes, $58 for all that and good quality.We must have had a very different experience at Da Vinci than the other reviewers, and I'm still a bit perplexed by our experience.  We made reservations for 7:30 on a Saturday night for two people.  When we arrived, right on time, we were shown to a table on the second floor rather than the main dining area.  This happened even though there were multiple tables open on the first floor.  Granted, they were four tops and we were only two people, but they could have been separated.  As for the second floor, we were the only ones up there when we arrived.  If we'd been part of a larger party, this would have been somewhat okay...but to place two people, alone in an empty room, was a poor choice.  After a little bit, other tables became occupied, but it still felt a bit secondary.  The first floor had live music and the temperature was much  warmer and more inviting.  Okay...not great, but not the end of the world.  Our appetizers were okay but we had to wait quite a while for our entrees....and, being on the second floor, the wait staff was probably more occupied downstairs.  Unfortunately, while my entree was fine, my boyfriend's was just about the blandest dish I've EVER had.  He dumped salt and pepper on it, but it still tasted terrible...it was supposed to have been made with Gorgonzola cheese, which would have added a bit of zing, but I could not taste any.   I don't even know if the creme sauce was made with butter.  Although I suggested that he send the dish back, his policy is not to do this unless the food is inedible.  He was also incredibly hungry, and so he ate the food...but, taken all together, we'll never be back.  Given that this is an Italian restaurant and no one even offered us fresh ground pepper or grated Permesan cheese, I was pretty disappointed.  The two stars are for the bread, which we both enjoyed, and the waiter was pretty nice/friendly.I literally am in LOVE with this restaurant and cannot wait to go back!! The atmosphere is amazing and the food is delicious. We walked up and it wasn't busy at all so honestly we were hesitant to even go in, but I am so happy that we did. We sat in the courtyard, it was beautiful, and every so often they had a man come out and sang to us. I had the linguini giovonetta, (linguini with  crab, tomatoes oil & various herbs) and it was delicious. It was an awesome meal, experience, etc. Again I cannot wait to go back!I took my lady friend here on a Tuesday night for a random weekday dinner. Obviously there was no wait and everyone was very friendly. We were able to sit outside and enjoy the nice weather. The service was just right - not overbearing and not MIA, allowing us to chat freely without interruption.
On to the food - I am a tortellini fan and they had a dish called Tre P: Tortellini with peas, prosciutto, and panna sauce. Amazing. I would have liked it if the pasta was a bit more cooked, but otherwise it was one of my favorite dishes. My date had the linguine with crab and lobster meat, which she seemed to enjoy.
A nice touch was the chocolate liquor shot (on the house...bonus points!) which our server explained was a bit like lemoncello liquor - similar consistency and definitely a dessert cordial. It was cold, refreshing, and delicious...topping off a wonderful evening and great meal.
My only gripe was the price. I didn't get anything that would be considered out of control in the culinary world, but I thought it was a little expensive. Not really a complaint...but should be noted for others. Save up your pennies and check this place out!This place is amazing for Italian food. The atmosphere was very intimate and reminded me of being on vacation in Italy. The service was the best. As soon as we sat down we had full water glasses, our wine was opened and our napkins were placed on our laps. We were originally going to go to another restaurant in the area but the menu in their window changed our mind. 
We started out with the mussels and the caprese salad for appetizers and were VERY pleased. The white sauce was so good we kept it on the table and asked for more bread so we could dip it in the sauce. For entrees we had Gnocchi, salmon and veal. All of them were so good we ended up sharing with each other because we couldn't keep our eyes off of each others plates! 
The backyard of the place was also really cool. The entire patio was covered with a unique mosaic and I was told that they would soon have outside seating out there. I can't wait for that. 
For dessert we ordered a canolli for my boyfriends birthday and the staff came out to sing which was awesome. We were also given free chocolate shots and lemon cello. I really enjoyed my experience here and highly suggest it if you are looking for a great BYOB in south Philadelphia. 
This place is a hidden gem!Excellent restaurant in the heart of So. Philly.  The food was good, the service was excellent and the decor was very intimate.  We had a party of 10 and sat out in the courtyard.  The mosaic artwork out there was fabulous.  The whole experience was nice.  The  East Passyunk Avenue District has become a wonderful area to hang out.  A nice residential area with a bunch of boutique stores and restaurants.  A great place to spend an afternoon or evening.  If you forced me to come up with a complaint, I thought the prices were a little high or maybe I'm a little cheap :--)  Would I go back again?   ..... in a heartbeat!I just want to say that I had a wonderful time at DaVinci's.  My husband Planned a birthday dinner here for me and about 13 of our friends.  We had the second floor to ourselves.  The waiter was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. And we were not rushed to order  our meal. The food was absolutely incredible.  I had the calamari for app. and the pork tenderloin for my entree.  We all enjoyed ourselves. Thank you for  making my special day special!!!!! We will definitely be back. :)Went here because we couldn't get reservation at Tre Scalini or Scannicchio's.  So happy to stumble upon this gem.  Had tix for 9:30 show at the Academy, and 7:00pm reservation here.  Perfect!  The service was impeccable, the food fresh and delicious.  We shared the appetizer of Crepes with proscuitto, fontina cheese and bechamel sauce.  Bread and spread were hot and fresh.  I had pasta w/ tomato and crab and the hubby had the "tableside prepared branzino" special.  A mediterranean fish baked in salt and filleted right in front of us.  Portions were perfect, not huge.  We skipped dessert but not because we felt rushed;) BYOB is always a $$$ saver, sixty dollars for dinner, and the complimentary choco cello shot at the end was a pleasant surprise!We dined at da Vinci with a large group and the servers were very patient with us as that whole group was not on time. I ordered the Lobster ravioli and it was fantastic. Everyone really seemed to enjoy their meals. It was a nice changed in a different part of the city.Have been living in the neighborhood for about 8 months and dropped into Davinici on a whim on a Sunday night.  At first, we were the only patrons but were greeted warmly by our lovely waitress Taryn.  Several other parties arrived within a few minutes.
Attentive service and great food.  The bread is excellent (as you'd expect in South Philly) and the zuchinni-tomato pate was a welcome change from the usual olive oil or butter.  I had gnocchi pomodoro with a side of gently spicy sausage;  my companion enjoyed the tortellini with prosciutto and peas in cream sauce.  Both were quite good, as was the after-dinner chocolatecello.  Actually, it was a chocolate-basil cello which was an interesting and tasty combination.
$36 for two (no appetizers)...we had a great experience and will be back again.My hubby and I, along with friends, ate at Da Vinci's last night and couldn't be more pleased. The service was impeccable, the food delicious, and the decor lovely. As a matter of fact, I sat directly in front of a copy of the Mona Lisa, and our table was in the window where we could look out on the fountain in the square. To start off, our server brought us a warm loaf of the most delicious crusty bread with a tomato/eggplant spread, which was so much better than I expected. I could have wolfed the whole thing down myself! The four of us shared two appetizers - the Antipasto Da Vinci, which included, among other things, stuffed olives, a proscuitto-wrapped fig, marinated artichoke hearts, cheese made with white wine from France, roasted peppers, bruschetta and marinated portabello mushrooms. Mmm, so good. The other appetizer, the Gamberi alla Salsa Verde, was incredibly good. Three very large grilled shrimp served over a plum tomato carpaccio. Appetizers range from $9-$12. For dinner, my husband had Capellini Giovinetta ($21), which he really enjoyed-lots of jumbo lump crab meat with white wine sauce and plum tomatoes over capellini; I had Vitello ai Carciofi ($22), which was very good. My only (minor) complaint was the veal could have been a tad less tough. The side green beans, sauteed w/a light tomato sauce were divine, and the roasted potatoes done to perfection. My friend had Pollo Scapigliati ($21), pan-seared chicken topped w/gorgonzola, toasted walnuts, balsamic reduction sauce, with spinach and roasted potatoes. Her husband had sauteed butternut squash, shallots, asparagus, smoked salmon, white wine, touch of cream sauce with bowtie pasta ($18). She and he both enjoyed their dinners tremendously. For dessert, we all stuck with the traditional tiramisu and cannolis. So delicious, so big and worth the price.
To top off this wonderful dining experience, our server brought all of us chococello shots on the house. 
All in all, a wonderful dining experience enjoyed by all!My favorite Italian restaurant in South Philly. Amazing food,This place is great for a BYO! Extremely friendly and attentive staff, great setting, and fantastic food. The food is great, especially the unlimited bread and dip. They are also friendly toward large parties, so this restaurant is great for work/social gatherings with many people. Would recommend!This was such a nice surprise. I figure you can't go wrong with an Italian BYOB in South Philly, but this place exceeded my expectations. This place is as Italian as it gets. DaVinci picutes throughout the dining area, kinda chessy but a nice conversation piece. The waitress and server both right off the boat from Italy. And the food here is great. I had something called Linguini Al Ragu, I'm sure that's not spelled correctly, but the sauce was so tasty, and had a good amount of shrimp and crab meat in it. Very affordable as well. I highly recommend.Great ambiance in the mosaic garden. Food was tasty and very authentic Italian. Reasonably priced but slightly more expensive than the typical south Philly fare. However, BYOB made up for this and the meal was a great value overall. I will definitely be returning!I live within walking distance - walk by all the time but had never eaten here. Last week was my first time at DaVinci's. The weather was rainy and miserable but the restaurant was wonderful! The wait staff was pleasant and accommodating and the food was amazing! I got the Sea Bass special - grilled and the waiter de-boned and filleted the fish table side. It was great! My date got rigatoni with peas which he said was delicious. We skipped dessert this time. At the end of the meal they brought us a shot of their homemade chocolate-cello. Delicious but strong! I definitely recommend this spot if you're in the area. Plus they have a gorgeous outdoor patio section to eat at if the weather is nice. Next time I'll try eating outside.I went here the other night with the family and we had a really great time. We ate out in the courtyard which has decorative mosaics and a pretty little fountain. I liked that there was a mix of ages and demographics among the patrons. It was cozy without being too close for comfort. Appetizers are enough for one or two people to share (the gnocchi in truffle sauce and the mussels are both delicious) and pasta entrees are sizable and filling. Most of the pastas are homemade, really fresh and tasty! This is a great spot to check out if you're looking for a slightly upper-scale restaurant with authentic Naples cuisine. BYOB and you might even get to hear some live music on the weekends. Great experience overall!I have eaten here twice and cannot find one negative thing to say.  The food is amazing.  The most recent time I dined here was with a large party.  We started off with mussels and the bruschetta.  Probably some of the best mussels I have had.  They come with crab meatballs which are fantastic.  The bruschetta was great.  The order came with four varieties which I believe are subject to change.  All were very good.  They also give you this awesome bread which seems to be homemade.  They serve it with really good pate.  Which is a sort of creamy spread.  For my entree I had  angel hair pasta with a light red sauce and crabmeat.  (I forget the Italian name) Usually angel hair is not my favorite but I still really enjoyed it.  Someone else in my party got a dish with pesto that I tried.  Great pesto.  It had a rich creaminess to it that I have never really seen before.  Desert was as good as it gets and I am not really that into deserts.  The place is a BYOB but they make their own wine and its good.  The servers were very nice and knowledgeable.  At the end of our meal they treated our whole party to some chocolate cello.I have wanted to go to Da Vinci for sometime now, but with the endless options of italian BYOBs in south philly I just never made it - until i saw a restaurant.com gift certificate.  We came on a week night and asked for a table in the back patio, which is really cool and fits nicely in passyunk square.  We had an antipasto to start along with some really good bread, unfortunately I didn't care too much for the dipping sauce - I prefer something simple, like olive oil.  My dinner was awesome though, veal topped with mozzarella, mushrooms, and artichoke hearts in a white wine sauce.  I was too full for dessert, but happily drank the complimentary choco-cello shots - very good.  The service was also very good.
I would definitely come back.I had high hopes for DiVinci, and with their delicious apps, and tasty bread and spread, they were off to a great start. However, the service could have been way better since we went on a Sat evening and there were only a few tables in the restaurant so it's not like they were pretty occupied. The worst of it all was our entree, which was a seafood stew called zuppa. It was like tasting super salty tomato broth with some seafood. 3 of us ordered it at the table and since we were on a double date with another new couple we didn't want to make a big deal of it at the time and just ate what we could manage. If i were with just with my boyfriend, it might have been the first entree i would have ever sent back, it was that bad. I consumed so much salt from that dish that I woke up swollen and couldn't quench my thirst no matter how much water I guzzled. Our other friends ordered the specials, which they loved so in all fairness, not all their dishes are such a disaster.
Nonetheless, I probably won't be rushing to back to this place any time soon.Bottel of red....bottle of white.....lol...Great byob spot..delicious italian cuisine matched with impecccably attentive service.  Service where they tend to your needs and not try to act like good service?  make sense?  The kind of place where you really can't make up your mind because everything looks so damn enticing on the menu and you're contemplating when your going to be able to come back next?
The mussles with red broth was delicious, veal was extremely well prepared. Again atmosphere was great, service was fantastic and they let us close the place.This place is a gem. Not only does it have a charming view of Passyunk Square, but it also has one of the most beautiful terraces ever. The restaurant itself is gorgeous and the food is authentic and delicious. As if that weren't enough, the service was outstanding. The waiters were super friendly and even took a picture of us for their Facebook website. They also gave us a complementary hazelnut chocolate shot, which was the perfect way to end the meal. 
It's definitely a place worth checking out. Amazing!After noticing this place advertising on restaurant.com and randomly buying a discount certificate, we finally decided to give it a try last fall.  Overall, it was a fun experience with nice staff and good enough food, but  afterward (and still) we're not terribly compelled to make a repeat visit.  
The issue I sometimes have with family style Italian restaurants like this is that they try to cram every last thing grandma ever cooked in the "old country" into the menu, which makes it all sort of blend together and removes any possibility for uniqueness.  I felt that Da Vinci struggled a bit with finding a balance between offering focused variety and every permutation of sauces, meats, and pasta types imaginable.  
I don't want to knock the place too much, because, there was nothing offensive about the food.  It was just...ordinary, like something a decent home cook could put together with the right ingredients.  If I lived right there I'm sure I would go there every now and again.  But nothing to single out in the Philadelphia dining scene.Sorry, DaVinci is hit or miss at best. Strangely creepy service tends to accentuate the quirkiness of this Passyunk fountain spot. I'm quite excited that they're serving across the street on the fountain piazza now and it's something I hope to try someday but as far as the food is concerned, everything is fairly middle of the road. Worth restating also that the service is a bit RELENTLESS and can keep you from enjoying a mellow byo outing.Dined here for the first time last Saturday, and I would be happy to come back.  I'm going to wait for warmer weather though so I can dine in the cute little patio area they have outside.  It's a small, intimate, cozy spot...a little dark.  The staff was very kind.  They seemed a little harried, but that didn't affect the service.  The tapenade served with the (warm fresh) bread was amazing!!!  Loved it.  Our salads were fine.  I ordered the rock fish (with the sauce on the side) upon the waitress's reccommendation, and it was great.  He ordered chicken, and finished it all!  Good sized portions won't leave you hungry.  We split the chocolate cake - which was rich and wonderful.  The BYOB option is always great.We tried Da Vinci BYOB  for East Passyunk restaurant week. Service got off to a bad start with a missing appetizer (came after everyone had finished), and I was not a fan of the fried gnocchi app when it did arrive (although my father-in-law did enjoy it, so that might have just been a personal preference).
Form that point forward the service was spot on, friendly and professional.
We had:
Apps:
Gnocchi truffle cream sauce (lights breaded and fried)
Caesar salad
Caprese salad
Entrees:
Spinach ravioli - very good
Rock fish with spinach and potatoes - very good
Desserts:
Cannoli, Gelato, and Tiramisu ( all good)
There are certainly better italian places in Philly, but this place was perfectly good. Decor was all about Da Vinci,reproductions on all the walls. Looks like they had a lovely courtyard for the warmer weather as well.We have dined at Da Vinci's several times and have always had positive experiences! We are so lucky to have such a great BYOB in our neighborhood--the service is always friendly and it has a very "mom & pop" feel as opposed to a lot of the pretentiousness Passyunk Ave has developed recently. Their menu is filled with a variety of delicious options and the value for the quality make a traditional Italian multi-course dinner possible for any budget.
I have also had the pleasure of hosting a private party in their private upstairs space this past April. Our 36 guests enjoyed a beautifully prepared menu that the chef and I developed together from several of our favorite Da Vinci's dishes. The price was absolutely the best in the city and I would absolutely consider hosting family parties here in the future! The setup was beautiful and the staff were attentive and helpful. Our family raved about the food and the ambiance--even the food snobs were happy! This is a great no-frills, family run, quality restaurant that we look forward to returning to soon!So I usually come here once a year for a special event for work and Da Vinci's has been excellent every time we have gone. 
Very BYO friendly, they brought out several tubs of ice so we could chill our wine and opened all the corks without making a hassle of it. The food is great and while it took a while for it to come out, I think that was more a reflection that our party was 30 plus people and not a reflection on their service. Their waitstaff is always super friendly and looks forward to our annual visits.Decently priced BYOB with a great ambiance and excellent, attentive service. We shared the stuffed calamari appetizer with ricotta, prosciutto, and tomato reduction; gnocchi l forno; and zuppa de pesce. The calamari was very good; it was perfectly tender and flavorful and the prosciutto wrapping gave it a nice hint  of smoky flavoring.  The gnocchi was tender but the sauce a bit on the bland side; it could  have used a bit more bite.  The zuppa de pesce was delicious with an abundance of mussels, clams, jumbo shrimp, and calamari. The broth was very good with garlic and tomato. It also came with two pieces of garlic bread. And did I mention the bread served with a sundried tomato and zucchini pate?  So much better than olive oil. I found myself actually eating it with a spoon. Yes I know...impending cardiac arrest. At least I will be happy and stuffed. Service is fantastic. The waiter was so attentive and sweet. Plus they give out complimentary chocolate shots. $60 before tip. Definitely stop byb I know I'll e coming back soon to try the table side prepared branzino special.We went to Da Vinci over a year ago through a Groupon offer and it was really good.  Just went back tonight and it is still really really good!  We were seated at the window so we could see Passyunk Circle all lit up for Christmas. Better yet...a bunch of Mummers? came past the windows cheering and waiving at us.  First up..homemade chianti and crusty bread with vegetable pate.  Next...antipasti (w/o the meat).  So far *****!  I ordered cheese ravioli with spinach in tomato cream sauce.  Hubby went for the special: Chilean sea bass with spinach, olives & capers in red sauce.  AGAIN...both were delicious.  We couldn't leave without sharing the tiramisu.  it was light and dreamy (may be the best we ever had!) The choccello was the icing on the cake!  We cannot wait to come back and bring our friends...that good:-)  
(The place was rocking with a few big groups and the service was really good, too!)Yummy in my tummy!
I was lazy the other night and chose this place off of diningin.com.  I didn't even check out reviews or anything...the horror!
I was pleasantly surprised.  The menu on the diningin site was pretty good, lots of interesting things, all with little cool Italian names.  I was really in the mood for meatballs.  I also got mussels in a wine sauce with crab balls as an appetizer.
First of all, let's just say the mussels, were the bomb.  What made it was the sauce it was in, or more like broth, since there was so much liquid, it could have been a soup.  I was sorta skeptical at first, but that disappeared after the first taste of the sauce.  Divine, was my first thought.  Tangy, light and just damn delicious.  I ate the mussels and then I got all ghetto with the sauce, I just picked it up and drank it from the container.  Shut up....I was at home!  But anyway, that is a definite must have again.
The meatball dish I got was really interesting.  It was three meatballs made with veal, chicken and mortadella (pork cold cut).  The meatballs, were rather big, well cooked and seasoned.   It came with a wine sauce with mushrooms.  My only complaint was that the interior of the meatballs, weren't that moist as I woud have liked.  But I guess thats what the sauce was there for.  The dish also came with mascarpone mashed potatoes, which was excellent.
The portions were huge for me, and after the appetizer, which I think really should be shared between 2-3 people, I couldn't finish the entree.
The place isn't cheap, but for the authenticity demonstrated in what I ordered, I wouldn't complain.  Now I just have to go there and check out the place in person.My boyfriend and I went to DaVinci's on Friday night for the first time after a few friends recommended it to us. It was a hot night, but we opted to sit out in the cute mosaiced courtyard, which is a really unique and quaint dining area.  Our waitress was super nice, and apologetic that she was a little slow due to a big rush they had earlier in the evening and the busboy calling in sick, and kept asking if we were in a hurry, which we were not. I appreciated her effort to let us know what was going on and to be attentive despite the fact that she was busy.  Our wine was chilled on ice, and our water glass were kept full throughout the meal. We share two appetizers - the calamari and the gnocchi appetizer - both were flavorful and not overly filling, the perfect amount of food to start off our meal on a great note. I had a bowtie pasta with salmon and asparagus, and my boyfriend had fettuccine with lump crab meat - we both thoroughly enjoyed our entrees.  We were offered a complimentary shot at the conclusion of our meal, it was a chocolate hazelnut shot and it was delicious! The perfect little taste of sweetness to end the meal.  Overall, we enjoyed our meals, and the service at DaVinci's.  I love the fact that it is BYOB, and look forward to returning again.The food is good..... but the service is so bad that you cannot enjoy it.... 45 minutes before to get anything to eat, and it wasn't even what we ordered!!!  From the running every where waitress avoiding our table to the unprofessional manager incapable of taking an order and placing it, every moment was stressful...  The Italians guests at the next table confirmed us that the service is usually terrible - the food good- but that specific night was worth everything they have experimented so far! We won't come back and will share our comments to everybody we know.Dined with a party of 6 here on Saturday night: there were only about 3-4 tables taken up.  So not a very popular place, it seemed.  We all enjoyed our meal, though.  Service was great.  Food was yum (especially the risotto entree and mussels appetizer).  I'd go back.Let me start the review out by saying that my fiance and I didn't actually eat there. 
When I saw a Livingsocial deal for Da Vinci, I told my fiance to cancel our reservation to Capitol Grille because I wanted to try a new restaurant to celebrate my birthday. I called on July 3rd to make a reservation for two at 6pm on July 5th, and I told the guy who took the reservation that I had a Livingsocial deal. When my fiance and I arrived for our reservation, we were asked if we had a Livingsocial deal. When we answered yes, we were told that Da Vinci did not agree to the deal and they will not honor it because it's not worth it for them. That's when my fiance and I left the restaurant. If they had told me they weren't accepting the Livingsocial deal on the phone when I made the reservation, I would still have made the reservation and eaten there. I would have just gotten a refund from Livingsocial. However, now I will never go there again because they should have told me that they wouldn't honor the deal when I made the reservation.Took my daughters here for a dinner in the outside eating area. Francesco, the Chef came to our table to ask how the meal was and my daughters al told them how great it was. Two thumbs up from all of us.Very disappointing. Looked promising but quickly went downhill. Salad greens were gritty, service was poorer and were weren't offered desert or their complimentary chocolate shot. Gnocchi was light and fluffy but other dishes - a linguine with boar ragu and pasta with shrimp, we're unremarkable.Our favorite Italian restaurant.the food is great,the service is wonderful.we love this restaurant so much that we had our wedding banquet/reception there for 100 guests and everybody loved the food! The owner Francesco was very nice and extra helpful to make sure everything went the way it supposed to.It was my best friend's birthday and we were both feeling adventurous. Instead of planning a head for a restaurant or searching on Yelp for reviews, we decided to head around East Passyunk and pick a restaurant that looks good. We stumbled upon Da Vinci in this cute neighborhood. 
We were first greeted by a friendly staff and they let us know that it was BYOB. We told them we didn't know, and instead they provided us a glass or complimentary red wine and a dessert wine for after dinner. How nice! Also, unlimited fresh bread which tasted like it just came out of the oven. 
The appetizers were amazing. We ordered mussels in red sauce and it came out fresh and tasty. Pasta was also delicious. I couldn't understand Italian, but the waiters were nice enough to explain the dishes. For dessert, we had tiramisu to go with our dessert wine. 
We were very impressed with this place, and luckily we picked it by accident without researching. Next time, I'll come here and order a fish entree because everyone around us ordered fish which looked really fresh.We just hosted our son's wedding rehearsal dinner here on September 20th. Francesco (chef) and Kayta (server) could not have been more gracious and welcoming. The food was delicious and they did a great job keeping our large party of 26 happy (water/wine glasses always filled, etc...). We highly recommend Da Vinci's! thanks for a lovely evening!Delightful place in South Philly. Food was delicious. Portion size just right. Gnocchi's to die for. Chocolate-cello Yum!Wow. Excellent food and service. A neighborhood gem!