Four of us went here and tried a number of dishes, and the grapefruit soju of course.
To start, the grapefruit soju is DANGEROUS. It doesn't taste like there is any alcohol in there, but after a few drinks its creeps on. 
The food is really good. We had the La Galbi, the Jeyuk, Dolsot Bibim Bap, the sides, etc. The spice levels were nice where spicy, and the flavors were great. The atmosphere is really quite nice, and while we were there around 3pm, we suspect it gets pretty loud and crowded later on. The service is pretty good, and again, at 3pm it is probably different than 8pm... but we will get back and experience it soon.
A great spot to check out, and then when done go downstairs and enjoy some drinks or ice cream...i could rate higher if i got something else but im simple and got the korean fried chicken thinking itll be double battered like soho or bonchon. sadly its just regular fried chicken as if it was from your local Chinese corner store. it was 19.99. not worth it when bonchon 2 city blocks away have double batter and even flavors to pick from while its half the price from close to the same amount with no flavors to pick.So glad a good Korean place finally opened up!! Visited there with a friend and we both got the soondubu and shared a duk bokki appetizer. It was way too much food..I think I took an entire meal home! The duk bokki was so spicy, but soooo delicious that I couldn't stop myself! It was a huge portion considering it's an "appetizer" and was only $9.99. Definitely recommend getting this!! Soondubu was good comfort food on a rainy, cold day as well. Will definitely be coming back!I would say this is one of the best Korean food in Center City. Excited to go back and try the other foods on the menu.Dae Bak means something awesome, and the restaurant lives up to its name! Here are 6 reasons I'll be Bak:
1. Banchan-good variety of korean side dishes that come with everything, and free refills!
2. Big portions- my friends kimchi fried rice was giant, and the seafood pancake was a great app between 4 people.
3. Flavored soju- they did not have this when I lived in Korea and it is dangerously delicious. We really liked grapefruit.
4. One of my favorite soups- kalbitang! Big chunks of tender meat and flavorful broth.
5. Sharing portions of some of my favorite stews-kamjatang, budaejiggae. I cannot wait to come back here in the winter.
6. No wait, good and quick service, and reasonable prices!
They have a lot of Korean classics that you dont usually see at Korean BBQ joints, the only other thing I wish they had was japchae!Very clean restaurant. Everything from the water jug to the metal utensils reminds me of restaurants in Korea. Service was really spot on, all the servers have ridiculous hustle. The food however is a little left field. 
Lots of banchan, like 8 dishes. Kimchi is solid. 
Tteok-bokki: weird insertion of red bell peppers and wood ear mushroom. Awesome that that included egg and fish cake. Sauce was really on-point and had a good spice to it.  
Galbi tang: really get the sense the broth included MSG. Skimpy on glass noodles and additional garnish. Broth was really tasty, but again I think because of the MSG.
Haemool tang: again, pretty sure heavy in MSG. A lot of vegetables: enoki mushrooms, green onions, radish, etc. A lot of seafood: shrimp, crab, and clams.
I only gave 4 stars because I can't think of any alternatives, service was awesome, and 8 banchan is dope. Giwa in Center City is the only other sit-down Korean place I can think of, and even they aren't full on just Korean food (they do Korean and Korean-Mexican fusion) like this place. 
Also... why $15 for a bottle of soju? LOL. I get this stuff is imported, but in Korea I was paying the equivalent of $1.50. 
This place accepts credit card.finally a Korean restaurant where you can take a date to.  Excellent authentic Korean food but also some contemporary versions as wellThis was my first time here tonight after hearing really good things from the friend I went with. But I agree with her that this time around it wasn't as good. I ordered the bulgogi bibimbop and the first issue was that my egg was fully cooked. I love a runny egg on bibimbop and my was thoroughly cooked unfortunately. Otherwise the dish was just alright. It wasn't anything super special. I might be back but I'd definitely order something else just to try something else.Wow. Great service and delicious food. I had the beef ribs which were perfect and started with some fried dumplings (best I have ever had)Was initially excited about this place since philly overall lacks good Korean restaurants and there were so many good reviews for this place but was very disappointed by the end of the meal. Staff was great and friendly but the food :( maybe I had too high expectations for it to be on par with Korean restaurants north of philly but overall everything we got was lacking. We didn't order the bibimbap which I heard is good but their seollangtang soup was very bland and watery, essentially tasteless even when I put more salt in, and the naengmyeon was just ok. The only dish that was slightly good and had good flavor was the spicy noodles with squid that we got (pictured). I'm sad I couldn't like this place more :cThis was one of the best meals I've had throughout all of my time in Philadelphia! The food was just flat out amazing. It was my first Korean food experience and I couldn't have enjoyed it more. The fried dumplings and the stone dish were incredible. The servers were super helpful and attentive. Will absolutely be back soon!Ever since I got home from spending a year abroad in Korea, I've been on the hunt for great Korean food around Philadelphia. More specifically, I was looking for Korean comfort food, like soups, and bar food like seafood pancakes.
Dae Bak really blew me away with how much it resembled a normal Korean restaurant! They had a great food selection - I got samgyetang, my boyfriend got dolsot bulgogi bibimbap, and we shared seafood pancakes. At first, I was a little annoyed because the prices are pretty high ($20 for samgyetang), but I do have to say that the portions are massive, so the price is actually reasonable. Plus, now we have tons of leftovers!
Overall, I highly suggest checking this place out! I'll definitely drop by here more often when I'm getting cravings for some Korean comfort foods.Average. I don't know about all the dishes but we ordered the seafood pajun (pancake), pork dolsot bibimbap, and the budaejigae. The seafood pajun was crispy, which was great but there wasn't much seafood in there, I could probably count the mini calamari rolls- maybe 4? As for the pork dolsot, it was average. Nothing super duper but not bad. However, if I want to get the best dolsot, I would go to Giwa. As for the budaejigae, it was subpar. For some reason it tasted powder-y? Like a lot of garu (red pepper flakes)? It lacked the sour kimchi taste. It could use a lot more stringy cheese on top. More umami in the broth... Not worth the 40$ or whatever it was.I've been missing good Korean food in center city Philadelphia since my favorite places (Pastoral on 13th street, Miga on 15th street) closed years ago.  Mostly all I have been able to find is fast food, places with very limited selection, or Korean-ish pan-Asian fusion.  Then I discovered Dae Bak and I'm glad I did!  It was delicious, great service, and a comfortable casual place to eat.
It was a bit tricky to find - its on the second floor of what is otherwise an Asian fast food mall in Chinatown.  But what is nice about that is being seated at the window overlooking Race street lets you watch people outside & below, which is really fun.
The service was great.  Helpful to us in picking dishes since we don't know Korean food well, responsive, very pleasant.
Food was great.  The small kimchi appetizers before the meal were delicious, and they refilled a few that we finished while waiting for the meal. 
 We had a seafood scallion pancake appetizer, which was excellent. And our two entres were beef bulgogi, and stir-fry octopus & vegetable "soup".  I don't know why they call it soup because its not soup, just a bit saucy, but it was a tasty dish with a mildly hot sauce.  The octopus was decent - not the most tender - but just fine.  The beef bulgogi was standard, and by standard I mean very good in a traditional way.
The portions are large, so keep that in mind when ordering.  
Some other reviewers on here complain about the prices - yes, its a bit more than most nearby Chinese restaurants - in the range of $20 for the octopus and $24 for the beef.  But given the paucity of alternative Korean restaurants, I was happy to pay it.
All in all, a really good meal.Place isn't bad, like the seating near the window to see the outside of Chinatown. Good wasn't bad, I really liked it. But during our checkout, we was charged for a bottle of soju that we cancel. $15 for a bottle of soju. But over all a good place.We love Korean food  Finally this restaurant is open in Chinatown!!!!! All the food we got here is amazing n super good! We all leaving from here with happy tummy, service is great! We definitely will be back soon.I really like eating here. Especially eating the Jjampong. It's my go to spot for Korean food. I also like how Song Joong Ki is on the water bottle dispenser.This is my favorite Korean reataurant in Chinatown! The place is very clean and moody. The waitress was nice and attentive. The service was well organized as well. I ordered Dague Jiri and Kimchi Jeyuk, the taste was flavorful and juicy, also side dishes were really yummy!! I will definetely go back and I highly recommend this place to everyone. Everything was perfect!Decent food. Little pricey. Had ordered the vegetarian bibimbap and kimchi pancake for myself. Kimchi pancake was a little bland and oily, didnt like it much. But the bibimbap was delicious. They also give complimentary side dishes which were delicious. Service was very good, didnt had to wait a lot for the food. Overall good experience.This review may be a bit skewed because as a native Korean who grew up with my moms amazing cooking skills, I have more of a expectation when it comes to Korean foods at restaurants. So, take my review with a grain of salt.
The food: 6.8/10 
The menu wasn't anything particularly unique because they had various dishes. 
1. dolsot bibimbab (spicy pork & regular beef) - not bad actually, out of all the dishes this was my favorite, I don't think you can ever go wrong with dolsot so I def. reccommend!
2. Spicy kimchi pork - Although it was spicy I thought it was a bit bland however I did like how side of tofu came with it to eat it together!
3. Seafood pancake - VERY BIG! Great for appetizer to share with everyone. 
The price: 5.6/10
By looking at the prices alone it's not too excessive but, compared to how the food tasted it seemed a bit on the pricier side.
Ambiance/service: All the servers are fluent in English (not even sure if they spoke Korean) and very polite! The restaurant itself was very clean!The worst Korean food I've ever had! My group had the mulnangmyuen /dukbokki/kalbi/tofu soup. The kalbi was ok but all the other dishes were horrible. The ban Chan's were also oddly flavored and didn't taste " Korean"Thought the service here was good, but I was not impressed with the food. I've had my fair share of Korean cuisine, including Dolsot House in South Jersey, and I have to say that this food didn't even come close.
It might be a decent place to eat after a long night of drinking, but I'd not recommend it for a lunch or dinner. Much better places in Chinatown.Only tried two dishes but I know this is not good Korean food. Another reviewer mentioned lack of depth in the flavors and that is exactly what was wrong with my soondubu. The soup had zero flavor. Got me wondering if they even used any kind of broth. It was hot water with red chili powder. Or if anybody in the kitchen had ever tasted an actual soondubu?  I left the whole thing. Dumplings were unexceptional, overpriced, and came with the wrong kind of soy sauce. 
The day we get a real Korean restaurant in CC that takes no shortcuts or caters to an imagined foreign palate, that will be the real dae bak.I came here on a Saturday around 12:30pm with my friend and there was no wait. 
The banchans they serve are standard and delicious! The time I went, they served kimchi, fish cake, egg salad, some sort of root (?), and pickled cucumbers. The server was very attentive and kept checking up on us, asking us if we wanted more banchans several times (we got like 3 refills haha). 
I got the mixed soondubu (according to the server, it included a bit of everything from the soondubu menu) and my friend got the beef one. Both were very good! The meal ended up to be around $16.75 per person after tax and tips. It is on the pricier side for Korean food, but given the location and service, I would probably come back if I was craving Korean food but didn't want to eat in UCity or go up to North Philly.This is my go to Korean restaurant in philly, staff is so friendly that I swear they anticipate your every need. Kimchi fried rice is heavenly and so is the du boki. Soju selection is great and well as beers selection. Once you become a regular they know you and make sure you are taken care of.Massiseyo! It means delicious in Korean. The food is generally tasty and healthy for you. Get in your macros, proteins and carbs, while the micronutrients like your veggies from the banchan or side dishes. I got the beef Soondobu or tofu stew and it did not miss its mark. It tasty good and the servers also were attentive to our table and gave me rice for the stew. 
The prices are a little steep though. Granted, my friend and I threw back a few bottles of beer or maekju and soju. AKA Somek. The bill was fairly pricey for the food. I imagine it to be a little cheaper but it's in the city, so prices will be a little more than usual suburbs prices. The service was good too. The waiter, Steve, was attentive and joked around a bit. It was a very welcoming and open environment. 
Peep this place out if you have not already visited and tried their food. 
Overall, it was a good experience and I plan to go again.Good service, good atmosphere, clean facility, and decent menu selection. The food had a nice generous portion and was prepared well. Will definitely come back again.I am usually very definitive about korean food. They are either non existent or mediocre.  I am korean so I need actual authentic Korean food. Nothing else will satisfy me. Coming from California where they are everywhere I missed korean food... living in center City There's every other Asian food , but korean food is very rare and hard to find . This place.....  has made to say thank you ! I know that to all of you Non Koreans , this might not be to your liking,because you want the bbq (which they have ) but to a true korean who craves hot fish stew that your mom used to make? It's awesome !
I know that it's always hard for korean restaurants to make it because of all the costs, but I hope this one lasts  because they are legit! If you want to try something different than the bbq.... try their soups which is our traditional korean fare. It will change your lives for the better..,, also the appetizer of seafood pancake is to die for! Oh ... I forgot to mention, they are on the second floor in China town next to dim sum garden ( so so  dimsum..) they have a very modern space up stairs with a view and I was very comfortable  :) I am def making my trip there at least once a week with my boyfriend next time !I had their pork tofu stew and it was really good! It was not too spicy and I thought the seasoning was good. The pork was not too overcooked and i liked the ratio of tofu, onions, and pork. It was a delicious warm meal to eat when it was raining outside! I enjoyed the variety of side dishes and how they were so kind when refilling them for free. I am always looking for good Korean restaurants in Philadelphia and this would be considered good. However, I thought the price was a bit expensive for tofu stew. Overall, one of the Korean restaurants I will be going to often in center city!I was craving for soon dubu so I ended up here late on a Thursday. (Not the best time of the day to go eat soft tofu soup since the broth is likely to be more salty). The host, who probably had a long day didn't utter a word or smile at us walked toward a table by the window and placed down two menus. (Asian services I suppose). Anyway, food was good and spicy. My mushroom tofu soup could use more mushrooms and of different variety. I was surprised when the waitress asked if I wanted rice with my soup. My soon dubu always come with rice. I also ordered dukbokki, which had an add on of ramen, but ended up with none. Lastly, the portion of the side dishes were so little, like real little. Did they ran out? For awhile now, I wanted to try the restaurant, but my friends gave me mixed reviews. In term of taste, variety of food, service and price. This is not going to be a regular spot to eat Korean food for me. Overall, Korean food in the city is dissapointing.The Korean bbq ribs were the bomb! Very nice and attentive staff. The food was great! Will come back!Mouth-watering, authentic Korean food in a clean and trendy restaurant with a floor-to-ceiling window that overlooks the street. I can't wait to come back! I love that this restaurant was not stingy on the banchan, rice side dish, or the quantity and quality of the main dish. The prices are very reasonable (~$12 for beef soondubu and ~$10 for kimchi jjigae). I appreciated that they seated us in the order that we arrived, even though we were 2 people at a 4-person table. We also brought in some pearl milk tea we had just bought from Mr. Wish, and they didn't complain about it, which I appreciated. Great service, great food; absolutely 5 stars.
Helpful info:
- It's a small restaurant, so if you're coming in a group larger than 4, you might want to try to see if you can make a reservation
- They do take credit cards
- The restaurant is located in a building with other restaurants; you'll turn left and go up to the 2nd floorThere's a clear shortage of Korean restaurants in Philly. Dae Bak served best Korean food I've ever had. I ordered the mushroom stew, which was refreshingly spicy. I was also served four delicious complimentary appetizers. The staff at the restaurant were friendly and attentive which made the overall dining experience at Dae Bak even better.Went here as a party of five and it was a perfect experience! I'm really perplexed at some of the lower reviews for this place.
Throughout the meal, the service was courteous, attentive, and helpful. Various small dishes were brought to the table first, then quickly our main appetizer (seafood pancake) arrived. I was very impressed by this.
Not too long after the appetizer, the main course had also arrived. I got a chicken stone pot and was pleased to find the chicken cooked perfectly, and tasted great. It really was great, healthy, whole food. I ate so much more than I expected to, yet digested the meal with no problem, and felt great.
I was blown away by every aspect of this food, and our dining experience overall.Finally an authentic Korean restaurant in Chinatown!! 
Will have to say that when hearing about Dae Bak people just talk about "that spot on top of the new plaza in Chinatown", I think you should know and call it by its name. When first arriving at Dae Bak I was confused about its menu, I thought it was too slick and modern to serve traditional Korean food. Metal chairs, slick lines, highly lit and just way too American. But then you sit and recognize IU on the water bottle that also advertises their soju and beer, the Korean dramas on the TVs and the flat metal chopsticks and spoon. A friendly face will bring you the menu and you're starving. 
 If you're  familiar with Korean dishes, you're set, the menu is pretty self explanatory and easy to navigate. If you're not, there's  PICTURES! And it's the best thing any restaurant can offer.
 We started with the kimchi Pajeon (kimchi pancake) it was pretty good, just a bit soggy once it got a bit cold, the flavors were intact, but wished it was a bit more spicy. My friend ordered the Sundubu, said it was fantastic.  I ordered the Galbitang ( beef short-rib soup) ,it was a cold late night and this was perfect for the weather. The broth was extremely flavorful and omg! The meat just fell of the bone and equally delicious. The Bamchan (side dishes) had to be my favorite part. Everything from the cold brócoli bites to the spicy tofu and scallions were just delightful. 
I really am happy to find a Korean spot with other things besides KBBQ, and also pretty aware of the demographic and how some "authentic" restaurants feel the need to numb down the flavors a bit, but please stop. The kimchi should be spicier and to be honest what good is a Korean restaurant without the right kimchi? 
I will definitely come again!This place is awesome!!!  The food is delicious.  The servers are super helpful.  The manager checked in on us to make sure everything was great.  We were initially seated at a small table, and were asked if we would like to move to a bigger table.  We took them up on their offer.  We had a wonderful experience!  We will definitely be coming back!Just grabbed dinner with friends (5 of us total) last night an it did not disappoint. I should have known it was promising when I overheard a young Korean couple explain to their dinner companions that this place was legit and way better than having to head to the northeast if you're looking for an easier center city commute.
I knew before going there that it was a little hidden and I still didn't realize you have to go into the little plaza and up the stairs to the left past the smashed Ice cream. The decor is simple and I honestly appreciated the tv show that played in the background in which the two hosts were dressed in polar bear suits.  Odd? Maybe to some. Captivating? You bet.
The server was super friendly and helpful. We ordered one Soju and shot glasses came out. It was such a perfect summer weather drink and tasted like an elevated and more adult version of a Smirnoff Ice (no shade). 
For dinner, we just ordered a few plates to share and the portions seemed perfectly good to me, if not on the larger side. The Hae mul pajeon (seafood and veggie pancake) was so yummy and just the right kind of crunchy and subtly sweet that I would have been fine eating just that all night. We also had the beef bibim bap. The egg could have been slightly more runny compared to what I'm used to but the flavor was there.   The pork ribs (galbi?) that were on special were phenomenal and not all on the bone so easy to eat. The stir fried octopus was a little spicier than I anticipated but I'm working on upping my tolerance and the side of white rice also helped temper it. Everything was so delicious. Even the small plates the server brought out before dinner (assorted kimchi, other pickled goodness, some sort of potato salad type thing and stewed potato dish- all delish). I'm excited to come back and keep working through the menu. Going with a small group was definitely the smart choice because we could try more dishes and it was still relatively inexpensive per person- about 22 each with tax and top. No complaints here. We went elsewhere in Chinatown for dessert because we wanted to walk a bit so I'm not sure if they carry anything sweet here.Food was amazing. So glad a really good and authentic place in the city opened up. No more driving an hour to get to Cheltenham area for me (unless I'm visiting my mom). I tried a ton of stuff here the first time going because I really wanted to get to know the place. We ordered appetizers, soups, noodles, rice, etc. It was all DELICIOUS! The size is also massive. We had plenty to take home and have for lunch the next day.
The deduction in a star is because the place was hot. Even before my food came out, I was sweating. When the food came out (with everything is the stone bowls and plates), it just made it worse. I hope they resolve the temperature issue for when I come back the next time.
Overall: I can't wait to be back when I'm craving some more Korean (which will probably be in a week or so).The resturant staff is very friendly and attentive. The water is put in a container and left at your table which is nice because you can help yourself instead of waiting on a server to refill your water. The water is also filtered and has a fresh clean taste. I like this place because I prefer spicy food and you can choose how spicy you want your meal to be, also comes with little tasty sides, which are refillable. I like the spicy seafood soup, great broth and a lot of yummy seafood inside, shrimp, squid, mussels etc. I like the way they designed the resturant and I will return.I feel like I was robbed eating here. It was worse than my worst imaginings. I lived in Korea five years and my husband is Korean, so when this place opened we were excited to go. But everything we ate there was far below par. He had duk pokkie and it was terrible, like you can barely call that duk pokkie. Way spicier than anything I've had - not appropriate - and duk pokkie was one of our favorite foods in Korea so we ate it a a lot. And the sauce was just nothing - like no cream or anything. That was just crap. And my kal kuksu was just like water with some bare red powder - never seen kal kuksu like that. It was just noodles in water. No broth. It was tasteless. The side dishes were okay but nothing good really. I asked if the chef was really Korean and they said yes, but this is worse food than I ever ate in Korea, like this is made by someone who has never been to Korea because even someone who cooked these dishes for the first time could make these better if they knew what they're supposed to taste like.
I wish I could get my money back. I couldn't finish my food because it was so bland and we just left. I feel like I threw money in the trash and this place isn't cheap.Servers and everyone that works here are very friendly. Food is fantastic! Love this place and definitely will be back! Their ginger chicken soup is sooooo refreshing. Great for hang overs!Came here for my anniversary dinner with the wife. Like decor and vibe. Server was really polite and informative. Plus they had the Eagles game on that's a plus for me. 
I don't know much about Traditional Korean dishes beside BBQ. So I went on my gut feeling and order a few dishes. Got the Bulgogi bibimbap, seafood silk tofu stew, and La Galbi. Like Korean tradition the bon chon (small app) came out before our meal. It was five or six different small app and it was good. Fried anchovies, Kim chi of course, a small salad and a few more but I can't remember. But it was great. 
Next all out food came out around the same time. I didn't want to order too much because I didn't know the size of the portion. But thank god I didn't because the portions was just right. First the bibimbap, like how they gave the chili paste on the side because I don't know how spice it is. Love mixing it myself and the seasoning was on point. The seafood silk tofu stew was piping hot and stayed hot through out the whole corse. Lightly season, could taste all the mix seafood flavors. Tofu nice and silky and the broth not too spicy just right. La Galbi (the marinated prime ribs) soy base marinate with garlic like bulgogi. Served on hot skillet. The aroma of grill meat made my wife's mouth water. The sever kindly cut the meat to small bite size. It was really tender and moist not dry or tough at all. 
Got to try the Korean beer which was light and refreshing. The wife had the Korean raspberry wine which was to me not bad. A little sweet for me but be warn it got a little kick to it. She loved it cause it's fruity. All and all it was a great experience and had a great time enjoying something new and watching my EAGLES win.Amazing food. I ordered the Jjambong for $13 and the portion was massive. 4 stars because my food came out about 15 minutes after my friends. However, everything was fresh and delicious. I will definitely be back here. 
*free apps before your meal is awesomeFast service, friendly people, a lovely view, and some of the best japchae I've had outside of Korea. The banchan was good, the kimchi didn't try to kill me, and the mind was crispy and complex. It really is debak!So I came here two weeks ago on a Wednesday at 11 o'clock when they were about to close. The owner was very accommodating and let me order a couple bottles of soju for me and my friends. I ordered dolsot squid bibimbap, it was spicy and delicious and my friend got bulgogi bibimbap. We also we got mandoo and they advised that they were both good. This is the closest Korean place to Philly and they also have karaoke next to their place. Which I haven't been to yet but I'm planning on going there today.Another great dinner with a  friend who has never had korean food. She  loved the tofu soup ! And I'm still happy with the cod soup!The staff s super friendly and nice. Service is great. Cleanliness a 5. The food is good too. I'm giving it 3 stars because it didn't fill my taste buds a "wow".  But still a good place for traditional Korean food. We have been lacking in a place like this in ChinatownSitting by the huge window you have a somewhat of a nice view. I called it people watching. But over all the food here is very bland. Ordered the kimchi fried rice , spicy rice cakes , and hot pot . Everything I ordered didn't have much flavor how most Korean entrees I eaten at other places have. Guess since the place is still new it takes time to find a good cook?Newly opened Korean restaurant right in Chinatown! It's on the second floor of Chinatown Square. The restaurant overlooks the streets and you can gaze down at all the people and traffic through the large glass windows which allow for an abundance of light to shine through. At first glance, everything is orderly, clean, and spacious. I had come here sometime around 1-2pm and we were seated right away. In terms of service, they come promptly when you're ready. I had ordered the spicy pork dolsot and I thought that the taste was quite excellent. The flavors blended well together, although the portion was a bit less than I would prefer. While it was a solid dish, I don't think the price is worth it. Since they don't really have any competing Korean businesses around that serve the same foods, I understand that they can up their prices more. Also, even though they had warned us that food preparation time would be a bit longer, I would also take that into consideration in terms of choosing a place to eat. Overall, it was a fairly decent experience and I would consider revisiting, especially once they've become a bit more established and figured out how to function more efficiently.Great bibimbap with interesting and fresh veggies, A+ service!
Stopped in for lunch yesterday and was very impressed. When it comes to Korean, bi bim bap is my #1 - Dae Bak did not disappoint. The menu offers almost all varieties of the hot stone bi bim bap that are on the regular menu for $6 less as a lunch special but are titled slightly differently. We got the standard dolsot bi bim bap (beef) and the spicy port bi bim bap, which were both excellent. The beef came with a lovely variety of the freshest beansprouts, two kinds of mushrooms, zucchini, greens etc while the spicy pork was a red saucy knockout with lots of peppers and onions. 
The banchan was great, particularly the savory marinated potato and the fried fishcake strips. Our server even kindly asked if we wanted any banchan 'refills' - um, yes please! Originally I had ordered the galbi bi bim bap (not on the lunch specials) because I had thought the standard on the specials was vegetarian and the server came back to ask if I'd like the standard instead since it was similar (less meat than the galbi) but a cheaper special which really impressed me because, yes, actually that would be great!
Anyway, great place located upstairs in the Chinatown Food Hall, lots of space, a bright window, and great food and service. Excited to have a spot downtown with a bi bim bap that I really love!Love this place! Finally great authentic Korean food in the city! Everything we've tried on the menus is great but one of my favorite is spicy octopus with udon noodles, it's amazing! I go there with my husband and our 2 years old daughter often and they are very kid friendly. The owner Steve is such a nice guy too :)Finally, good Korean food that doesn't require a trek across Philadelphia!
Overwhelmed by the sight and smell of authentic Korean food, we ordered way too much for two people: seafood pancake, beef rib soup, and spicy octopus. 
The seafood pancake, which was bigger than both our faces, achieved the perfect balance of crispy and chewy. The quality of beef in the soup was outstanding. And the octopus, well, unfortunately that was a total flop - it was rubbery and completely dwarfed by the udon noodles dominating the dish.
If you want to try the stews, be sure to bring at least two friends. In hotpot fashion, the pot they fire up at your table is huge and designed for sharing. I am already planning my next trip to try the army stew, of course as part of a night of libations.
Try Dae Bak! And get something other than bibimbap! This is the kind of place where exploration will be rewarded. :)I've been craving Korean food for awhile now and was excited to find this new place. The reviews all sounded good, so I thought I would check it out. I'm so happy I did. The kimchi was so good, which was a good sign my meal woud be as well. I ordered the jayeuk dolsot bibimbap. It was a good choice to satisfy my Korean food craving. It felt like I was back in Korea. I am really excited to go back to try more dishes. I definitely recommend this place!I had been just getting into making  Korean food at home and decided to try out Dae Bak.  
Definitely delicious and the portions were big, at least for me.  The tapokki was more of a dish than a street food side as I was expecting but was still delicious.  I had the pork soondubu and it was packed with tofu.  I could barely finish. Banchan was also good.  The anchovies and cucumber with egg was my favorite.   Definitely going backThe first couple times I ate here I had the dolsot bibimbap and jeyuk dolsot bibimbap and the food was not bad. However, every time after there seems to be a decline in the quality of the taste. We went again today and ordered the jeyuk bokkeum and the kalguksu and the food was TERRIBLE. The jeyuk bokkeum tasted more like a Chinese sweet and spicy sauce and the meat was tough. The kalguksu although it had a lot of noodles was basically flavorless and had very little seafood. Gave it enough chances and probably will not be returning again.Delicious food, friendly staff and a nice space. Definitely recommend going here and try the egg rolls cause they are the best!Went here on an afternoon with a friend so there wasn't as many people there. It was a little confusing to find it, but it's the first stairs on the left when you get into Chinatown Square. Inside, it was modern and clean, so far, so good...
I got jeyuk dolsot bibimbap (spicy pork) and my friend got the jjambong. While waiting, we had 5 banchan (pickled cucumber, potato salad, kimchi, soy sauce potato with carrot, and spicy tofu) which were ALL DELICIOUS! We were able to get "refills" but I did feel that they were a little oilier than what I expected. But on to the food, I never tried jjambong but my friend said it was pretty good; the broth had a nice seafood flavor to it and was rich and spicy, all of the seafood looked fresh and noodles were well cooked. By the way, it was a gigantic bowl and was easily 2 portions. And everything about my bibimbap was delicious, the meat and vegetables were seasoned well...but again I did feel it was a little greasier than expected. I know the prices are higher but you get a lot of yummy food. AND ALSO, the employees were all kind and attentive. :)
I'm super excited to have Dae Bak in Center City and not have to travel outside Philly for good Korean food. Very excited to come back and try more of the menu.The staff was nice but slow service.  The food was edible but not all the dishes were on par.  The squid was good, but the short ribs "kalbi" were too tough and thick.  The pancake could be a little more crispier.  Kim chi fried rice was soggy.  Since this place is fairly new, I hope they get better.I see potential with this place. Coming from Atlanta, I'm used to really good Korean food and had to manage my expectations since moving to Philly. I've tried a lot of the places in Chinatown Square but Daebak is the first place in Chinatown Square where I'd actually come back. 
So my kimchi bokkeumbap doesn't look great with this fried egg, and it was a bit oilier than I had hoped, BUT at least they had the flavor down compared to other places I've been to in Philly! It's an easy fix and the server was very humble in taking my feedback. The side dishes were pretty good, I was pleasantly surprised by the spicy kick in the potatoes. The chef also gave us complimentary braised mackerel and radish. I really liked it but was told it's not on the menu...if they get good feedback maybe they may consider it! 
Going back again soon and will try something else to review! Really excited to see this Korean restaurant in town. :)Great service, and super friendly staff but the food is a little pricey. I had the Soondubou and it was nothing special. I thought it could use a little bit of salt or pepper. It wasnt busy and when we went there and it was prime time.Clean and super friendly service - she even noticed when I dropped my chopsticks and brought a new pair before I could pick up the old ones from the floor. Food was good - we ordered the bibimbop and the duk mandu gook. They don't have Korean BBQ and wish they had a larger variety of the banchan but I would come again.Amazing service.  Amazing food.  Everyone smiled and my water was filled without asking.  Kimchi fried rice is my daily.   Kamja Tong is my daily too.  Two meals all the time when I order bc this place is amazingI want to love this place; I really do. Basically 3.5 stars.
If I had written this review after my first visit, I would have given 5 stars. Servers were incredibly attentive, almost too much so. They answered any questions and brought refills of water and banchan as needed. You know how hard it can be to flag someone down for that. 
Second visit was okay. Wasn't ignored, but I did have to ask 3 times for a kimchi refill and twice for a water refill. Servers were difficult to flag down, but I think they were short handed? Owner eventually approached to get water refill for our very spicy, making-us-cry soondubu. Thank you sir! 
Prices are a tad high, but fair for a center city location.There aren't many Korean spots in philly so I wanted to give this a shot.  Their location is great as it is in the heart of Chinatown but parking is always an issue in this area.  Their staff was very friendly and I had a table as soon as I walked in.  Their food  was average for Korean prices and but their food was a bit underwhelming.  It felt like they were missing something.  All in all I had an ok experience. The search for my go to Korean spot continues.This place was not very satisfying. Service was slow, they forgot to give us the little side dishes. They completely forgot about my friend's order. And some of the fried dumplings were still frozen in the middle while others were piping hot. The only reason I gave two stars and not one is because my friend got his order on the house. I know other places that have better service, better side dishes, and won't serve cold dumplings.It is amazing to have real-deal Korean food in Center City again. They're in soft opening phase...and already the banchan and food are fantastic. The servers are very attentive. I can see this place, being so close to my train, is going to be a weekly stop. I can't wait to see what they do once they in full-on open mode!Being from Queens, New York and also lived by in Los Angeles, Korean food is abundant and delicious. Since moving to philly and craving Korean food, I thought Dae Bak would fill the void. Not so! The banchon was very limited. The food was flavorless. The paejon was super greasy and the soondubu flat out sucked! I miss my bcd tofu and any local Korean joint! Sadly this seems like a desperate ploy to provide crappy Korean food in Chinatown. Really?!?Living in Philly since 2007, I've always said that good Korean food was missing save for some places just outside the city.  Well, finally, there is a decent place to go with simple, fresh well done Korean food.  Finally.Food and service is great! The side dishes are amazing too. They also have grapefruit soju which is my favorite!Dae Bak is located on the second floor of what used to be a Chinese department store. It's a full-service restaurant, whereas most of the shops are more like food court-style stands.
I am Korean, so I'm a little skeptical about a Korean restaurant opening up in the heart of Philly Chinatown. My co-worker is not familiar with Korean cuisine and he is allergic to gluten, so he went with a fried rice dish. I opted for the cold spicy noodle (bibim naengymyun). It was a good choice especially on a hot day. 
We also ordered a dish to share, spicy rice cakes. It looked good, but the spice wasn't quite right. It was extremely spicy, but lacked much flavor. If I had made it at home, I would have added more sugar to offset the uncomfortable spiciness. 
Lastly, everything is a little overpriced. Add to that the parking issues associated with Chinatown, and a trip to DB hit your wallet harder than you anticipated.I have come here twice, and have loved absolutely everything both times. This is the Korean food that Philadelphia has been waiting for. The first time I came, I got the Naengmyeon - the broth was so flavorful and light and refreshing... absolutely perfect for a hot Philly summer day. On my last visit, I came with a group of friends, and we had the grapefruit soju (shout out to the yelper that recommended it - it's so yummy!), the vegetarian dolsot bibimbap, the spicy marinated pork, and Kimchi and scallion pancake. Everything came out quickly and was absolutely delicious. I cannot recommend this restaurant enough. PS. Shout out to unlimited banchan!Heard this place was great by friends' recommendation. Being from NYC perhaps my palate has tasted many more foods. So on a grand scale of comparison, I can only give it a 3 star. It's not a Korean BBQ place. It has a number of Korean dishes but the taste wasn't mind blowing. We also ordered Kalbi Tang but the waitress (her first day) thought we ordered the cooked BBQ kalbi and we told them we didn't order that. So they swallowed their mistake and gave us the dish anyway. Which was ok, but later they charged us for that BBQ kalbi dish by mistake again so after I noticed the error, they apologized and took it off. Overall, it seemed like everyone was making "mistakes" here and there which gave me the impression that they don't have it together. The food was ok. Nothing to complain about.This a new place in the city so I was glad to try something out. I think rjw price was reasonable ams it made sense. The Kim chi was incredibl! Best I have tested. Overall good place to eat when you come to check it out.I had the Samgaetang (traditional chicken soup) it was delish! The portions here are great size and the side dishes were good enough. Some kimchi, odeng (fish cakes), potato salad, and cucumber kimchi. My boyfriend had the gamja-tang. It was pretty good according to him.  They have a good drink menu and I would definitely try some of their fried chicken next time for drinking.My wife and I are always looking for a good Korean restaurant in Center city and we found the spot. They have a great menu and the food hits the spot, the only downside is no table barbecue but the LA Galbi is still on point.I had Korean Style Fried Chicken and my dining partner had Spicy Pork Dolsot. He had a good dining experience, but the Korean Style Fried Chicken was a letdown. 
Pros: For the fried chicken, they give you plenty, and the breading is light, and the side salad is unique. We went for lunch, and the restaurant was bustling but not too loud. We were waited on quickly, and got a fantastic street view on the second floor. Cleanliness was 5/5. I will say that nearly everything about Dae Bak is good except for my food -- but the food is the most important part. 
Cons: For the fried chicken, while the dark meat is moist, the white meat -- which, admittedly is harder to cook right -- is quite dry. For $20, I'd expect something more. The menu calls it Korean Style Fried Chicken, but there's nothing distinctly Korean about it. I went in expecting something along the lines of BonChon (sweet and spicy), but the breading is just as complex as KFC's. The salt mixture they provide, which includes seaweed, helps a bit. I also waited for quite some time for my meal, though they warned me beforehand about the wait. 
Overall, the dining experience at Dae Bak is good, and if I could write a separate review excluding my main course, I'd give it four or five stars. But the dryness and unoriginality of the (very expensive) main course needs to be factored in. Don't order the fried chicken, and if you, don't get your hopes up.Love this spot! Food and service are great! Soju & Galbi are my go to. It's a clean and modern place and one of my favorite places in philly.this is probably the best korean food in chinatown, i've been here a few times and it never disappoints!I haven't ventured to many Korean joints in philly so I was excited to give this one a shot. Popped in on a random Monday evening to a very quiet restaurant. 
The side dishes were wonderful and the service was attentive and friendly.. I loved the savory potatoes side. We had an order of the japchae app that was definitely large enough to be an entree. It was so satisfying. They didn't skimp on the variety of veggies which is a plus to me. Some places go so overboard on noodles that it becomes plain, not here. The dolsot bibimbap was yummy too, the only complaint surprisingly is the portion for that seemed off? Somewhat small for the price. 
My major gripe with Dae bak was this isn't a place to go with just two people if you're looking to try a medley of things. Most things were $$$ (and assume a large portion) so we felt like we were limited to ordering 2 big entrees and couldn't branch out muchAfter a late and physical day of work I arrived at Dae Bak a half an hour before closing. 
My body was craving some savory heat and I was not disappointed. 
This will be short because I have only 19 minutes left before they close and I must return back to my bubbling bowl of beef soondubu.  Damn it's delish. I ordered level spicy and the broth is rich and has that depth of pepper flavor that I long for with Korean food. 
Okay 14 minutes before closing, I had to have a few spoonfuls. So yes, this is just the kind of heart warming, palate awakening food that you need when you feel depleted. 
Yum. Oh and hello, Banchan too!