My friends and I came here to for free karaoke with Tntkaraoke stars. Dahlak is a very interesting place. I love the décor, it is very unique. The space consists of a dining area, live music and karaoke lounge with very funky chairs and tables, a bar and outdoor seating area. I didn't try the food, but a friend who came that night said it is good. The service is friendly, the bartender is very helpful.Mmmm.. delish Eritrean dining in West Philly! Nice traditional basket seating as well as standard tables and chairs. Amazing food, friendly staff, nice ambience, and a bar in back. I could have done without the mysterious fluid dripping on me on the way to the bathroom, and they really need to do something about the lack of air flow in the restaurant! Minus 1 star for those minor complaints. Otherwise, a fantastic place! I can't wait to go back when we return to visit friends!My 'Cheers.'  Not quite the same since Amare Solomon (the well, now ex-owner) passed away, but this place will forever live on in my heart and will always be a second home to this here Chica.  Nowhere I've ever been has such a unique blend of people or been so full of life and stories.  Sniff, sniff, sigh.  I miss you Dahlak!!!Good Eritrean/Ethiopian food.  There's a bar in the back, and sometimes there is live music.For my first time eating Ethiopian food, I found this experience very enjoyable.  
We ordered two combo platters so we could try a little bit of everything.  It was much more food than two people needed, but perfect for a first time visit.  The prices are incredibly reasonable too.
The staff is very helpful and the food was great.  Full bar available, but no Ethiopian beverage choices.
Come early, this place gets packed.I've never been in the front door, but around the back there is a pretty meh bar.  They have bottled beer, and it's a decent neighborhood hang-out.I went to Dahlak for dinner at around 5:30 pm on Friday... very un-crowded. The "Eritrean-style" dining room was nice to sit in and the atmosphere was relaxed. My friend and I got a lentil dish and chickpea dish... my chickpeas were this kind of bland paste that wasn't all that good, but my friend's lentils were much better. The bread was good, it was spongy and kind of sourdough-y. Our waitress was friendly and serviceable.
A good, cheap, casual dinner spot, although next time I'd like to try a meat dish.I love going to Dhalak after a long day to chill on the patio.  I can have a drink and a cig at the same time without feeling like a criminal.  Places like this are rarer and rarer.  It's a friendly, laid-back, non-meat market  place to meet cool people in the neighborhood or to just have a drink by yourself without feeling weird about it.Summary: don't eat here.
We arrived as a group of 5 at 8:30 on a Friday night. 
Ambiance: Kitschy, with doily table covers that are a little gross. The seating is like grandma's garage sale.
Food: Not good. I'm not an aficionado, but I've enjoyed enough tasty Ethiopian that I was looking forward to a meal here. The okra was more like 'frozen okra thawed in Prego.' The 5 dishes we ordered were pretty tasteless. The lentils were fine, but how do you screw up plain stewed lentils?
Service: Rude. That seems strong, but it's true. Our server was perfunctory at best. She seemed annoyed when we asked for another couple of minutes to order. She brought the check before we had even finished eating (maybe she knew we didn't want to eat it?). We asked to order another round of beer, and she brought it along, but then she laid down the updated check and demanded (I am not exaggerating) that we pay immediately. When one of our party seemed put off, she explained that the restaurant closes at 10pm. Mind you this was at 9:30 (!!). So we paid, because what were we going to do? She did not bring back any change, nor did she ask whether we needed any. 10 minutes later, a guy from the bar in the back came up, turned off the lights, and pulled a screen down from the ceiling, and began changing the channels around. It seems our time was up!
This place was empty on a Friday for a reason. I can't think it's anything other than some sort of money laundering enterprise. How else could Dahlak remain open?
Lest you think I'm being unfair: we were seriously a super relaxed group. I've worked at restaurants before, including cheap ones, and I can't imagine providing a customer with this sort of experience.Hands on the floor, the best bar in West Phila. 
This bar is a church, and its where i go when i need to pray. 
Though, if you don't live in walking distance, just stop reading. You don't want to come here, and you'll only get angry when you show up.  If you live in west philly and you've been here, you know what im talking about. 
So, bascially this is an insiders reveiw for anyone living in west philly who doesnt know about the bar - or - someone planning on moving here. 
The inside of the place is pretty tight, and when its packed, you feel it.
The outside is basically just a bunch of patio furniture strewn about this way and that. 
They're always out of they're good beer, and the bartenders can't hook you up with booze because they use an ez-bar system that pours out exact drinks mL wise. 
Also, half the older regulars are half crazy, and if you get locked into a conversation with them your nights over.   
After you go a few times, you'll start to get it... need it. Its the kinda place that makes you happy to live where you live.Dahlak offers a very chill atmosphere and solid Ethiopian food. My favorite dish to order is the Dahlak Tibs (extra spicy). I usually get them to-go, but expect to wait a bit for your food even when you call ahead. The outdoor space in the back of the restaurant is one of my favorite places in West Philly to grab a few (cheap) drinks with friends.Dahlak remains my first and so far, my only Eritrean food experience. For whatever reason, I haven't been to Abyssinia or the umpteen other places in town.  That's ok, I like Dahlak.  The food here is great, and quite affordable. You order a bunch of random stuff and it all comes out on a big flat basket thingy lying on top of injera bread.  It's this spongy crepe-like bread that you rip off little pieces of and scoop up bits of the main dish with.  It's delish is all. Trust me.  Don't plan on eating quickly here, as service is slow.  And I mean slow.  Especially if you're with a big party, you will wait and wait and wait. So order your drinks and get to talking, cuz your food ain't coming out in a jiffy.  
The best thing about Dahlak though, aside from the food, is the little bar out back.  Tucked behind this restaurant is the randomest little hole of a bar with a crazy jukebox, and even crazier characters. They don't have beers on draught here, it's all bottles and cans, but also cheap.  There's also a ghetto ass outdoor dining/bar area out back, so when it's nice out, you can chill with your West Philly homies and enjoy a cold brew and some Eritrean cuisine.  I like this place.  I didn't even mind when I was here one night and the owner held my coat hostage until I would play something on their piano.  Good thing I can half-ass my way around a piano. It was cold out.If I were to judge Dahlak on its potato salad alone, it would be five stars, all the way,  forever.  And I feel like forever should be in all caps, there.  However, I have to judge it also on its service and prices and this is where things go South.  And not in a fun Dukes-of-Hazzard way.
     Okay. I'm not supposed to say this, but it has to be said, so I'm just gonna put it out there.  It seems like anyone who expresses dissatisfaction with Dahlak gets rebuffed with the dead community leader card.  I'm not disputing that Solomon Amare was a wonderful man or that a family business needs leeway to regain its footing after its owner passes. However, it's been three years.  You can't play this card forever to cover what has devolved into, at best, mediocrity.  
      Most of the food I've tried is good.  Great?  Every now and again.  In the past, I mostly have depended on Dahlak for takeout.  I want to believe that they are cooking everything (and I mean everything- is anything prepped?) from scratch, because I have waited at least thirty minutes before I walk to the restaurant and inevitably end up waiting another 20-30 minutes while sitting in the restaurant as they continue to prepare the food I've ordered.  The restaurant itself is charming, in a dingy sort of way.  I've never decided whether the dim lighting was romantic or creepy.  But there are the fun little woven tables and the "ethnic" art.  There are also "normal" tables for the more conventional.  The last few times I've gone in during the evening, the dining room has been empty, save maybe one other table.  Why is it taking so long to make my food?
But for good food, I will wait.  Unfortunately, it has become hit and miss.  The portions seem to be shrinking.  The prices seem to be rising.  I fail to understand, even with rising global food prices, how a scoop of lentils can have such a mark-up.  And I could probably even let all of this go- the smaller portions, the overpricing, the wait, the wait, my god, the wait.  But the last few times, I get home to unpack my food and lo and behold- parts of my *&%$# order are missing.  I pay for two portions of potato salad.  I get one.  I order two sambussas.  Nowhere to be found.  Apparently, Dahlak is dealing in magic, because the food I pay them for is repeatedly involved in a disappearing act.  Of course, it's late, I'm tired, I've waited an hour to get my food and now I'm home.   I decide to "eat" the wasted dollars of my already (what I feel is, due to the portions and the wait) overpriced meal and never return.  
And it's sad.  Because I like Dahlak.  The people are nice enough (if distant).  The food can be good.  It fills out the block nicely.  I don't want to walk to 45th Street... But playing with my money is like playing with my emotions, so no more Dahlak for me.  
If nothing else good came out of this, I taught myself how to make Ethiopian potato salad. . .The reviews for Dahlak had been really good, so my wife and I had pretty high expectations but we weren't disappointed at all! The ambience is really nice, with Eritrean-style seating on little stools around the table, and the food is delicious. We had a Sambussa to begin with, which tastes exactly like Indian samosas. Then we got adventurous and tried a jalapeno stuffed with tomatoes (can't recall its name) which was super-spicy even by our standards, so beware! For the entrees, we had a shrimp with berber sauce and tilapia with berber sauce, both served with injera of course. The shrimp was excellent!
The service is also very good: our waitress was friendly and the food arrived pretty quickly too. They also have a well-stocked bar with very affordable drinks.
Definitely one of the best restaurants around this area!I Love ethio/etrian... But dahlak falls a little short of my expectations.   Maybe I was spoiled by Mesob in Montclair Nj... But I think this food is missing a lot of flavor/ spice.  The vegetarian options I tried were bland at best... I have been having better luck with Abyssinia.Great prices. Injera bread great. I liked the lamb dish but it had lots of tiny bones. The raw beef was good too. Service was a bit slow.Dahlak is a neighborhood classic in the University City area. A great place.I'm much more partial to Dahlak's bar than Fiume - more room to actually move, cozy seats, and best of all, the awesome outdoor patio in warmer months.
If you live in the neighborhood (and in my case, also work in the neighborhood), it's likely you'll run into people you know, or the crazy old guy rambling at the end of the bar.  It's not necessarily a bar worth traveling to if you live elsewhere, but it's a great place to stop in after eating at the restaurant, a nightcap, or general hanging out.  A perfect West Philly bar, indeed.I got this craving for Ethiopian food late on a Friday night. We googled ethiopian restautants in the area and found Dhalak. Although it is an Eritrean joint, the food was extremely similar to Ethiopian. I could not tell the difference but I am sure there is.
It was quite late and we were probably the last people to arrive, the service was slightly slow but we were treated nicely and the food was excellent. 
I ordered the yedoro wat and my wife ordered the yedoro tibs. Excellent choices in my mind, I will definitely go back for more.The bar in the back is cool. With hookahs and they have live music with affordable drinks and beer.Still one of my favorite places. I'm not sure the quality of the food is as high as it was before, but the preparation is still great! Good times and friendly people.As you all know, one of my mini-informal goals for this year is to eat through all the Ethiopian restaurants in Philly.  I am completely addicted!  I have eaten at Abyssinia quite a few times, and could not bring myself to go anywhere else.  I just did not believe that it was possible for there to be such heavenly food elsewhere, and was afraid to be proved right.  But for the last few seasons, I looked for opportunities to be less entrenched in my mindset.
     The first opportunity came when I picked up my mom from the airport.  It was around 1:30pm on a Wednesday when we found Dahlak's and parked the car, only to be shocked by the fact that the door wouldn't open.  It was closed!?!?!?!?!
     A friend and I met up for dinner, and he very generously agreed to try Ethiopian food.  I was stoked to get to try to hit up Dahlak again.  This was especially true since we (really I) picked Dahlak's which is probably the other "big" Ethiopian restaurant besides Abyssinia.  Upon arrival, I started sizing everything up.  The place was probably decades younger than Abyssinia, and it was decorated much more nicely.  The waiter was friendly, and the service was a few notches faster than Abyssinia.  For the first time, I sat at the traditional straw woven Ethiopian table.  The ottomans were cute.  There was mood lighting in several colors, and even a wooden floored area that could theoretically be turned into a dance floor.  
     The possibilities ran through my mind.  I felt myself starting to unwind from the day and start to just soak in the atmosphere.  After some time, our food finally came.  I deliberately ordered a variety platter with some items similar to what I usually order at Abyssinia.  Must purport with the scientific methods!  I noticed that they put my friend's order on the same plate as mine, with a stream of lentil stew running down the middle as the demarcation line.  I eagerly took my first bite.  EGADS!!!!!!  UGH!!!!  Disappointment.  The food was acceptable, but really bland.  At Abyssinia, one generally wonders how many hours the food stewed in the spices for.  The food at Dahlak's by comparison was barely seasoned on its way to the table.  
     Even the sourdough bread was less sour and flavorful than Abyssinia's.  So, what is a girl supposed to do in the face of such insurmountable disappointment?  Well, if you are me, then there is only one thing to do!  Wolf down the food, pay the check, and get the heck down the street to Abyssinia's!  Yup, I washed down my horrible disappointment with more Ethiopian food.  Mmmmm  I had 2 dinners that night.  
     A few related notes, the portions at Abyssinia are over 2x more, and the prices are cheaper.  Abyssinia = 11, Dahlak's = 15.  I ordered the lamb at Dahlak's and aparently there was only one piece of lamb in my order.  I say aparently because I did not eat any, however, my friend informs me that he had a piece.  Yes, I am still a little bitter.  HahahaDining Out for Life 2011 - Dahlak was a participating restaurant, which is great! Haven't been here in awhile and really, really glad we came out to this wonderful restaurant for a great cause. My friend loves spicy Ethiopian and said she was serious about wanting it spicy. I , myself, like it mildly spicy. Well, the chef got it right and we were both delighted with our dishes - yedoro tibs and yedoro alicha. Yum! We used to travel far to get to this restaurant and are happy its so close right in our 'hood! Dahlak has a bar with a back patio which will be cool for summer months!!Arrived at restaurant and were seated quickly. Only received 2 napkins and 3 menus for our 4 person party. Food took VERY long to come and an order was mixed up. Food was pretty good, would recommend diced chicken dish.I've only eaten here once, but I enjoyed myself.  I live in the neighborhood, and I had heard that this place was a great one to get a drink.  My bf and I came in and shared an entree.   It was very tasty and not too expensive- at least for sharing.  However, it wasn't too filling and we probably could have each finished an entree.  For the type of food that it is and how (not) filling it is, then it is kind of pricey.  Does that make sense?
It was raining really hard when we ate there, so I was disappointed that we couldn't sit on the patio.  Plus, they had no draft beer- wtf? But they did have Hoegaarden, so I can't complain.  We had quite a few beers, however, so it's too bad we couldn't have just gotten a pitcher of beer- would have saved us quite a bit of cash. 
Overall, a great place to go for a quick bite in the neighborhood.  If I had to hop on a train to get here, then I probably wouldn't go out of my way.Dahlak had me at hello.
I put off visiting Dahlak for about six months, and regret it.  I heard that the real gem of Dahlak was the back bar, especially the outside patio in the summertime.  I've passed by and decided against it on a number of occasions after seeing the sparse dining room by the front window, assuming that it was more of a restaurant than a bar to hang out at.  I was wrong!  On a Thursday in January, the happy hour specials were a shot and a lagger for $5, but the real genius was in the $3 Seagrams hot toddies.  What a brilliant drink for those cold Philadelphia winters.  Friendly and fun, I have a feeling that Dahlak will be getting many of my dollars in the very near future.  What a shame that they close at 10:30 pm.Dahlak is great on 2 fronts. 
When you want a legit Ethiopian meal, this is where to go. Their injera is great. It's nice and tangy and they always serve a lot of it with the food so you're never wishing that they had given you more. The vegetarian options are all really tasty. The tibs are my favorite, but anything I've gotten has been really good.
Dahlak also has an amazing little outdoor seating area in the back with a bar. The drinks are pretty cheap and strong, and the vibe is really chill. This was my go to spot when I worked in the area. Highly recommended.This place is an institution.   You know you've made it as a West Philadelphian when you've meet your future plumber, roofer, and priest at the bar of a humble West Philly Ethiopian restaurant.Dahlak is an extremely cool place and it has a lot going on. On any given night you can run into a family eating good Ethiopian fare, you can catch live improve electronic jazz or karaoke, or see college kids darling beer in the back garden area. While all of these things appeal to me (the food especially), I like Dahlak as a great stop on my way to Dock Street brewing company. This place is a must try when in West Philly to get away from the typical frat boy bars that occupy most of West Philly.Love this food but it doesn't love me! They opened another one on Germantown Ave that also has Indian food. 
My fav is the Yebeg Key Watt Succulent lamb meat cooked in berbere sauce. I'll just take a charcoal pill before I go.. :)One of my favorites in Philly!  Love the food, love the décor, love everything about this place.  The food is so delicious and very affordable!My first experience eating Ethiopian cuisine can be summed up with one word...
Whatever.
I was all sorts of excited to go to this restaurant... Well, I was mostly excited just to try Ethiopian/Eritrean for the first time, so any place would have aroused similar anticipation. That said, maybe it's my fault for getting too worked up beforehand, but I was let down by this experience...
I had hoped to be sweating from the berbere, but the only reason I was sweating during our meal was because the A/C--located directly above our heads--kept sputtering but never starting. Seriously, this was one of the hottest restaurants I'd ever eaten in, which made for a lovely experience in the bathroom: Felt like a steam room, smelled like a toilet.
The food was certainly tasty but it didn't pack the punch I was expecting. For meats we ordered lamb with berbere sauce and beef with onions, peppers, and tomatoes. Both were pleasing, but both failed to wow me... I had devoted considerable energy to mentally preparing myself for that spicy lamb and, unfortunately, it wasn't spicy at all.
On the vegetable front, we picked chickpeas and lentils... The chickpeas were watery and flavorless, while the lentils were more gratifying: They had a good amount of texture and an interesting flavor.
All said, I'm glad to put a new notch on my belt after trying Ethiopian food for the first time, but I can't say it was everything it's cracked up to be. The flavors and spices at Dahlak didn't blow me away, and I expected them to... I'm not ready to write off all Ethiopian food, though. I definitely want to hit up the other joints Philly has to offer, and perhaps even return to Dahlak... You know, I hear they have a great bar in the back.used to go here alot in my single days,  one of my best friends uncle owns the joint and of course he is Eritrean.  So he introduced me to kitfoh and all its finger eating glory.  Amazing food, and interesting crowd.  
good beer list.
looses star for smelly hipstersFood was pretty close to bad/mediocre here for several reasons.  Bread was cold; the 4 dishes we ordered were all over-saucy and not very refined (unlike better Ethiopian/Eritrean places); the ambiance was "dirty",Until yesterday, I had no idea Dahlak housed a bar with outdoor seating. I've gone before, and was impressed with extremely tasty Ethiopian dishes and home-like atmosphere. I was caught unaware, however, that nightlife existed. This is a perfect place to catch a beer after work or school or meet friends for a relaxed evening. The city needs more bars/restaurants such as this. I was also lucky enough to catch a jam session with very talented artists. I wouldn't expect quick service at the bar, but relax-- stay awhile!I've never tried Ethiopian food before and I was very timid upon entering because I was hungry and I just wanted something familiar. They had an entire plated vegetarian entree which i shared with my friend and to my surprise, filled up SUPER fast! Apparently injera expands in your stomach? (thanks iphone). 
it wasn't fancy and it probably had the most diverse crowd of people in there...ever. Check it out.My wife (adventurous palate) and I (lover of blandness) stopped into Dahlak for dinner recently. We may return someday, but not real soon.
Finding a promisingly non-spicy chicken dish on the menu, I ordered it ... but the server returned after a while to say they were out of it. They were also out of the beef dish I chose as a replacement. She recommended a lamb entree, and I let myself be persuaded. It was a disappointment; the flavor wasn't bad, but many of the lamb chunks contained large jagged pieces of bone - an especially unpleasant surprise during my first bite!
OTOH, my wife enjoyed her meal, and we both liked the big gummy slabs of Ethiopian bread. (If "gummy" isn't your style, you probably won't care for these.)
The decor is low-key/slapdash. Fixtures in the men's room were rickety-looking but clean.
So Dahlak isn't elegant, but its exotic cuisine makes an interesting change of pace - as long as you know what you're ordering (and as long as they have what you want).Dahlak: A review in haiku
Patio chillin',
Outdoors on a summer's eve,
What could be better?
I know!  Perhaps if
Your bathrooms were easy to find
And not so filthy.
Labyrinthine walls
made of mirrors confuse me
And the jukebox!: lame.
Sketchy men inside
Leer and try to grope, so I
sit out with hipsters
Under surreal lights,
A thousand conversations
And plenty to watch.  :)Dahlak is an excellent spot in Philadelphia and is an important part of the West Philly/University city area. Great food, drinks, service, and daily specials.I'm typically really really forgiving when it comes to seemingly incompetent waitstaff - and rarely do I ever base a review on this kind of experience. However, last night at Dahlak was bizarre. A waitress I know has been working there for a long time made one of those egregious errors. Let's do maths:
Total Bill: $98
Total with 20% tip: $117
Payment: $50 on one card, $25 on another, $55 cash ($130 total)
Any reasonable and experienced waitress would have brought back change in cash - which we would've then tipped her with. But oh no, she brought ZERO dollars back, giving herself a 32% tip. Had the service been phenomenal, over-the-top, amazing, maaaybe this would've flown...but the presumptuousness aggravated the bejesus out of me! 
When my friend went to the register asking for change, she said, "well what about my tip?!" 
Are you kidding me? 
I can't say whether she's just really really lousy at math or if she fancies  herself the Rolls-Royce of servers. Either way, it sucked and ruined the otherwise satisfied feeling I would have had after such a delicious meal.The food here is amazing however, as they became more popular over the years, they've scaled back on the portions and raised the prices. I'm have diabetes so I can't fill up on injera to get through my meal. Otherwise, Dahlak is the best of the Ethiopian/Eritrean restaurants in the city.Love the vibe here. Live music (on Fridays when I go) and an interesting crowd. The food is great here - tasty with good portions. Another awesome feature is the outdoor seating. Went here on my first date with my boyfriend and it's become "our spot." It's just that cool of a place to bring friends, kick it, and have a good time.I went here about a year ago but just recently joined Yelp, so I'm writing the review now.  
I'd been looking forward to dining here after this was recommended by a friend.  Unfortunately, the food was bland & lacked all the spicy flavours I love about Ethiopian cuisine.  One dish tasted like the (tomato) sauce came from a can.  Hugely disappointing.I really like hanging out here. I've brought a few of my friends here for drinks hookah and a goddamn good time. I wish there were more places like this one. Definitely a west philly gem. Oh and service is slow but I only go there when I know I have the time, and am not in a rush.Not good at all. Went there and got the veggie combo platter. One of the dishes was a spinach dish that literally tasted like frozen chopped spinach.... No sauce or flavor just literally a mouthful of frozen chopped spinach that was lukewarm. The other veggies didn't taste fresh and the "mild" sauce was spicy.  The injera bread was the worst I've ever had. Save your money and go somewhere else.I ate here recently bc nothing else was open on a Sunday and was pleasantly surprised! The food was so yummy and I will definitely go again!In the summer, rain or shine, there is nothing finer than getting bug bites sitting on the back patio, drinking $2.50 Heinekens, listening to Hip-Hop and classic Dub. 
I've never eaten here, but I keep coming back. Even in the colder season, it gets a little crowded, but it's still a fun place to go. Baltimore Avenue is such a beautiful neighborhood, and this is one place you can't miss to get its flavor.http://www.yelp.com/events/philadelphia-dahlak-paint-party
Paint Party in the rear patio of Dahlak Paradise Ethiopian Restaurant & Bar 4708 Baltimore Ave. Phila., PA 19143 Wednesday, August 12th from 6pm-8pm. Sign-up includes happy hour drink specials, 20% off your meal, acrylic paints, step by step instructions from two professional artists, and a 12" canvas for you to take home. If it rains we'll host the party inside. There are a limited number to table easels available. Please RSVP early and arrive time. Purchase tickets at: http://nilelivingston.com/dahlakpaintpartyI have eaten here on several occasions. The food is always good, no matter the time. They always have something fun going on: karaoke, dj playing music or just a something lively. I love this place. It's chill if you want to relax or if you want to be a little more exciting, you can go to the back patio area. I highly recommend this place, no matter the time of day or night.Big price for small portions, though the variety of Italian-influenced Eritrean dishes are nice. Great folks, awesome neighbors.  Still, there are other East African restaurants in the neighborhood that offer more food for less money with equal or better quality.Ah Dahlak,
Good food. Actually its pretty great. It's a great place to take an out-of-towner especially if they haven't had Ethiopian before. I've never had to know what I want, and I've always gotten delicious food. Just tell the server you want a platter with some of the good stuff on it and seriously she'll bring out a big ol' platter for you and your peoples to enjoy. 
The Bar kind of sucks. I like it okay in the summer, but in the winter I'd rather drink elsewhere. The crowd at the bar isn't the friendliest if you're not a regular and there is often this woman in there who gets really plowed and is loud and unruly. I've stopped going to the bar unless its summer. Some of my favorite memories are sitting out back, drinking cheap beer, and snacking on some appetizers. 
The dinning area is quaint and I really like it. The bar area is a bit trarshed the way a dive bar should be, and the back yard could use an upgrade, but hey, that would change the ol' beater bar dynamic. 
3 stars for food
3.5 stars for summer ambiance
2 stars for the back bar
I'll throw another star at the servers and bar tenders, they are always really nice.
3 stars over all. And I'm still bringing my out-of-towners because I think everyone needs to try the food. Its fun.I'm amazed to see reviews complaining that the food here is tasteless.  I've never had a bad meal.  I'm a vegetarian so I can't speak to the meat dishes.  Just polished off a vegetarian combo of spicy lentils, kale and spicy okra.  Great seasoning and a fair amount of heat.  Delish!I love going to this place for reggae night! Dj Tsiga is my favorite! He really knows his music and how to get good vybz going! 
The food looks amazing here even tho I haven't tried it yet! Unique Ethiopian dishes smell and look deelish! 
I also like that they have a dance floor near the dj and a separate place to sit down and eat and another room for the bar and other music being played. So anyone can have a good time here. Also the drinks are yummy and great prices! Love this place definitely a one of a kind sFood was really good, I recommend getting a combination platter, although they make things a bit pricer. You definitely want a bit of a lot of things to mix with the crepe bread. The place has a really nice atmosphere and service was good. There was also an open mic night when I went.Skip the restaurant.  The bar is alright.  They used to have pitchers but now they don't.  The outside seating is nice when it is warm outside.  
The food should be skipped entirely.  VERY overpriced for the portion size and the quality is poor.  There are 2 other ethiopian restaurants within a mile that are the same price for twice the portion size and better food.  They seem to be more concerned with profit than making a decent meal. 
An okay bar with an okay beer selection.Cute place, nice flavors
If you are already accustomed to "ethnic" flavors, this is a dope little spot, go when the big homie, Carmen is working (we went on a Monday night). Our order was the spicy fish (too fishy) curry lamb (slamming, must have) and lentil spiced samossas(loved!!) house wine is solid to keep the food vibes rolling. Will prob return as quick seasoned neighborhood eats, but nothing spectacular,  cept CARMEN ;)Dahlak is a great place for a relaxed drink with old friends or to make new ones. Outdoor seating during the summer makes this place a winner as well as karaoke on Tuesday night. If you like to eat with your hands you'll love Ethiopian food. Very tasty stuff!Love this neighborhood joint! Great food in the front and a cute little bar in the the back to go once awhile. And on the weekends there are good DJ music every now and then!My favorites restaurants are the ones that feel like my grandmothers recipes in my mother's kitchen. The unexpected ventures that leave you licking your finger tips trying to find more space in you stomach for food.
This was that kind of place. I had the lamb which was seasoned well. I gave it 4 stars because it wasn't as spicy as I'd hoped. There was less meat and more sauce.I'm going to rank this one. Although the ambiance is very neat, the food is entirely  unacceptable and if you like Ethiopian food I can be no fairer to you than a ranking of "1". No flavor at all. The textures are fine, but without flavor this is just stewed meat and ground beans. They butchered the whole meal, but I was especially sad about the Mitten Shouro. 
If you want a place nearby that has much better food, but lacks in ambiance and has a limited menu, try Queen of Sheeba. If you are looking for a nice ambiance with pretty decent acceptable food try Abyssinia.I must confess, I don't eat here much. But I love drinking here. This part of town is saturated with Ethiopian and Eritean joints. So I couldn't really tell which one is better foodwise. So just know if you plan on dining at either one the many West Philly Ethiopian and Eritrean spots, be prepared for slow service, filling food and an interesting experience. Look for Dahalk owner immortalized on the mural in the parking lot. 
Now the bar is another story, stocked with Yards and all the good stuff, the bar features an outside seating that makes a great happy hour spot in the summers. Great people watching too.To set the record straight, Dahlak is an Eritrean restaurant, Eritrea being an independent country (as of 1991) just north of Ethiopia. That said, Ethiopian and Eritrean cuisines are near indecipherable to Western taste buds, given the shared history of the two countries.
So. I like this restaurant a lot, even though it's set in a dark, depressing part of town, which, fortunately, is only a few steps from a trolley stop. Some come out for the novelty of eating with their hands and sitting at low-lying tables; I come for the incredible tsebhis with their hold-nothing-back spices.
Also, I tend to judge restaurants a lot by their breads; I don't know why, but I think a great tasting, great textured bread change a meal much more than even the proteins. The injera at Dahlak dominates in that category. The wait staff will bring you as much you need (and I need a lot to scoop up all those sauces), but there is nothing like those glorious pieces at the bottom of every dish, which have been sitting there for the entire meal, sopping up all those glorious berbere-infused juices. Man can live on bread products alone, I believe (sans forks and knives). But man is better off with stuff to top it with.You know when you reach that point where you're SO SO hungry that basically anything you eat tastes absolutely amazing?
That was not the case with Dahlak. Arrived here hungry and ready to eat... but had play the waiting game. Waited to get our drinks, waited for our server to take our orders... waited for the food.... it was a neverending wait period. 
Waited and waited and waited... As one table finished their meal, another tabIe would finally received their meal. I would understand if the restaurant was crowded, but it was only 4 tables! 4!!!!!! So the whole time you're waiting, you can't help but stare at the ONE table that is eating... all annoyed and salivating. By the time my food came out, I wasn't even hungry anymore. I was beyond that point but decided to eat the food anyways. So how was the food itself? Ummm, not worth the wait that's for sure! 
Ahk, never again.I love going to pubs in the neighborhood. Dahlak recently made the list of one such pub that I really like. You have to walk round to the back of the restaurant. The decor is dated and the service is painfully slow but the crowd is what makes it great. And it's your usual west philly mix of everyone dancing to whatever is on the juke box. I guess I can't explain why I like it here so much, you just have to go to see what it is. 
PS: I haven't eaten here. Didn't get round to it because the service was just so slow that i left.I'd never had Ethiopian or Eritrean food before. Shared the veggie combo for two with two friends - spinach, mushrooms, and lentils - and a lamb dish with another. I enjoyed it, especially the fluffy inerja flatbread, but felt surely the dishes were supposed to have a little more flavor? Surely the veggie servings could have been a bit less skimpy? The mushrooms and meat definitely could have been cooked to slightly more luscious textures. They were also out of two of the beers we ordered off of their drink menu, which was a bit disappointing, so we stuck to the basics after that. 
Overall, though, we enjoyed ourselves. The ambiance was nice, both inside and out. We were seated on the patio, which was full of grungy West Philly hipsters that I enjoyed covertly people-watching and which complimented the slight grunge of the patio. The service was pretty quick and after I almost immediately drained my first glass of water, the server brought us a pitcher without even asking so we never ran out again. I'd be happy to go again and try some other dishes.Disclaimer: This was my first Ethiopian food experience, I think sriracha sauce is medium-mild spice, I don't eat meat and I'm short.
My friends and I sat on low stools (very comfy for me, less so for my taller friend) around a large bowl shaped table by the window.  We shared a vegetarian platter and indulged in spinach, lentils, okra, couscous, chick peas & vegetarian tibs (mixed veg w/ potato) with berbere sauce that was served on top of injera bread. Our injera bread on the side was warm, a little sticky, spongy, slightly sour & delicious.  
Our waitress brought the delicate bread out in small increments.  I'd like to think she was doling it out in bits to keep it fresh, but my cynical side tells me she was gently hinting that we should stop eating so much.  Either way, she was polite and attentive.  
I wish I could eat all my meals this way!  I loved the sharing aspect,  injera bread, great company & laid back atmosphere.  I only wish the berbere sauce was spicier.  In the end the meal cost us $22.50 each (tax, tip + drink included).i've come here a few times, for other folks' birthdays and such. i even broke my own never-crossing-30th-street rule to do so....
the food is quite good. the injera is lovely and i kind of wish i knew how to make it. if you don't know what to get, or even what the hell eritrean-style is about, the staff is quite courteous and helpful.Guess what, people of West Philly?  Dahlak sucks!  This is yet another wildly overrated yet inexplicably beloved West Philly bar/restaurant!  The only thing to say for it is that it has outdoor seating in the summer.  I plan to drink in my back yard rather than come here, however.
First of all, the food is just passable.  While some say it's better at Dahlak than at Abyssinia, I really couldn't tell much difference.  Both offer horrifically expensive versions of this lovely culture's cuisine.  And the hipsters really sweat the bar.  I can't imagine why.  Standard bar offerings at jacked up prices.  Totally sweet, right?  Nope.Dahlak is a great neighborhood dive bar serving cheap, strong drinks and Ethiopian food.  It's a very low-key, no-frills kind of place - the very opposite of pretentious. It tends to a attract a diverse young crowd of artsy people all looking to get drunk and have a good time.This place is good, not great. I don't entirely understand why everyone says it is THE place in philadelphia for great food, but it's definitely worth going to. If you like Ethiopian or want to try it this is a good place.Hey.  Be careful.  The roaches have no shame.  We ordered a combination platter. And as we were just getting the food and about to eat. The visitors came out to join us.  There was not one but two roaches. One went to get a drink of my water and the other decided to join the party.  And sorry but I don't share with bugs. Let em have it.The food here is OK. There's definitely better Ethiopian/Eritrean in the neighborhood. 
If you're looking for a good bar, though, this is a place to keep in mind. Drinks are cheap, the atmosphere is a little dive-y, and the characters are sometimes pretty entertaining. If you smoke, or just like hanging outside, there's a good sized patio. It's my go-to spot when I want to drink locally.Love love the vibe here! Only been for drinks and hookah. It has been fun every time - you can do karaoke, put something on the jukebox and dance, and sit outside on the random middle school chairs lol its dope def check it out. Amazing I feel so comfortable here.best ethiopian in philly! great price, great food, fun atmosphere! 
dont forget to check out the back yardThis is a reasonable place. However, I still cannot get over Zemams in Tucson Arizona. None of the Ethiopian places in Philadelphia match up to it. If you are ever in that part of the country make sure you go there. Ok, now back to Dahlak! The food here isn't bad. Injeras were fresh and flavorful. However, the preparations aren't all equally good. Try ordering something which has berbere sauce in it.
The servers were very polite and the food does take a bit of time to come in. One of the reviewers mentioned the lack of air-conditioning. Well he was right, it did feel a bit uncomfortable.The BEST Ethiopian in the city!!! It is cool to how your share food and you sit on tradional looking seats. The food is extremely unique and flavorful. There is another part to this place which is a bar on the back side of the building ( while restaurant is awesome the back bar needs some new seating perhaps something wipable a non fabric material: I am hesitant to sit on the old bar seats). Overall, this place is well worth it! It is a fun place to take people new in town that want to try something different. Also Baltimore avenue has quite a bit to offer now a days.When some friends suggested that we go eat Ethiopian food, I presumed this meant we would be eating sand and sun-bleached animal bones.  While the food here was okay, the bathroom was a completely different story.  I took one look into the women's bathroom ("oh sorry, the men's bathroom is closed, but you can use the women's") and conceded that I would probably be leaving with at least 2-3 types of communicable diseases (dengue fever and scabies came to mind).
Bring your own hand sanitizer and encourage everyone in your party to use it.  I'll gladly accept your taunts that I'm a germ phobe, but I'll be the one laughing when you unknowingly contract legionellosis from the guy who you didn't know well because he was your friend's friend.There are certain establishments that seem so certain of one aspect of their business that they completely let other aspects slide. Dahlak falls into this category. Apparently they've won awards for their food, and I won't argue with that - the platter of vegetables and whipped beans and amazingly fluffy flatbread that my date and I enjoyed was definitely worthy of praise. 
But the fact that I was sitting on a tiny block right next to a cobweb-covered radiator with peeling paint made me wonder if there would be flakes of lead in my food. Our food platter was perched precariously on a wicker stand that was really wobbly. I get that the seating arrangements are authentic Eritrian, but my chiropractor would certainly scowl at the setup. It would have been nice to have been offered a choice between that or one of the normal tables. And it seemed like the hostess/server was rushing to get everyone out the door within 20 minutes of being served.
If you're a successful restaurant already, why not just throw us a bone with regards to cleanliness and decor?I had a pretty good meal at Dahlak. The service wasn't as bad as many of the other reviews indicate, but it wasn't great, & there was a guy at the next table who was incredibly loud & annoying, though that's not the fault of the restaurant. We sat outside, which was nice, though inside was a lot cuter & I feel like places with outdoor seating should work really hard to keep their patios super clean. They wiped down our table, but even my chair was kind of grody. 
The biggest disappointment, though, is the fact that their combo only has 3 options. As opposed to Almaz which has like 7 options in the combo. Also, I like Almaz' flavors better. I felt like the flavors of all 3 of my items were basically the same at Dahlak.
I'd maybe go here again if I'm in West Philly, because yay for vegan friendly, but there are many other places to try for good Ethiopian food.I admit that I know nothing about Ethiopian food.  But after dinner out here last night with the BF and two of our closest friends, I will make it a point to get to know the cuisine better.  Dahlak, in particular, was a great place to begin my foray into Ethiopian cuisine.  The laid back atmosphere, cheap beers, and delicious food helped a lot.
We started on the back patio where we sipped on inexpensive craft brews, underneath string lights and a cool breeze passing through.  Everyone here was just hanging out and shooting the breeze.  For food, I ordered the Dahlak Tibs; diced marinated beef and veggies simmered in an Ethiopian stew and served spicy.  When the food first came out, I was overwhelmed and didn't know where to start, but taking the cues of my experienced company, I took the Injera served alongside the meat and just piled it high with the Tibs.  Spicy, savory, and incredibly delicious, I couldn't stop eating it up.  Definitely some of the best ethnic food I've had in a long time, and a welcome change from familiar Indian fare.
We later moved inside where the atmosphere was a little more seedy, but at this point, we were done with dinner and just continued to drink cheap beer with the locals.  Still, I really enjoyed the laid back atmosphere and the low-key attitude of the diners and servers.  It's a great neighborhood joint and I hope to come back and try more of the menu.
Other tips: definitely sit on the back patio if you can, and if you come around the back, order all your food and drink at the bar.  The female bartender couldn't have been more helpful or nice either.