Hands down the best Philly Cheesesteaks. Save yourself a trip downtown and treat yourself to some Dalessandro'sOur first cheesecake in the city...not bad but not the best. They put their cheese wiz on top of the bread first, then the meat etc which leaves the meat on top dry and not much flavor to it. On the west coast we have phillys best and the put their cheese atop the meat which is the best!Lives up to the hype. Worth the trip out of the city.the absolute best cheesesteak in philadelphia. have been for years. i still will make the hour drive just for the cheesesteaksBy far one of the better cheesesteak places in Philly. I think I may have found my favorite one thus far, but need to explore a whole lot more.I've had about 5 different steaks in Philly, including Genos, Pats, Jims. 
This is by far the best. I've had the regular steak,  the chicken steak and the Buffalo chicken steak.  All are great.  I prefer the chicken with provolone. Very courteous staff, always nice even when there's a line 20 people  deep. Seating is limited and the restaurant is very narrow. There is some seating outside, but you cannot order it to go and take it out there.Really good food. The cheesesteaks are worth the wait. Very crowded, so I recommend ordering "to-go" and eating elsewhere. On nice days, eating outside looks like fun. Good experience overall.Prob my favorite in Philly. Whiz wit. 
Super fast, reasonable price, nothing else to say.Been going to D'Als since high school, maybe even before that. Always on my list of places to hit up when I'm back in Philly.I feel this place is over rated. $60 for a family to eat cheesesteak was crazy.  We got our order and it was wrong, you had to yell to order, people were getting yelled at to come inside and shut the door. It was nuts. When we got our food we didn't get anything that we ordered and couldn't ask for what we needed because  it was chaos. Ginos  is better.  Def. Wont be back.Fantastic cheesesteaks. Simply the best I have ever had. I literally drive up from DC just to eat a cheesesteak.After talking to friends and reading all the reviews in Philly for cheesteaks, I determined that Gino's and Pat's while big names, were not big hits with the locals any longer and especially not cheesteak afficianados. I was told his is the place!  Once I arrived it was clear this WAS the place.  While standing in line, I heard two guys talking about Gino and Pat's and I asked them "Is this place better than Gino's and Pat's" and with a stern Philly stared and answer he looked at me and said "100%!"   That was all I needed.
You wait in line (which does move at a decent pace (expect to wait 10-15 minutes to get your food) and order at the counter. You better be ready to order as you yell out what you want and get asked a few questions and then move to the back of the place to wait for your name to be called.  Some guy said "Where is the other gal who works the counter" and you heard in a loud voice with a thick accent from Philly "SIR, SHE HAS NOT GONE PEE IN HOURS HERE SO ONCE SHE IS DONE SHE WILL BE BACK".  ROFLMAO!!!!
These were defintely some of the best cheesesteaks I have had, and one of the key components is the bread.  Without the bread I am not sure I would of said it was 5 stars but the bread put it over the top.  The meat wasn't as seasoned as I would of liked but it was incredibly tender with zero fat, and everything else with it made it top notch for me.
I shared a Mushroom Steak and a Cheesteak loaded with everything including "Sauce" which is a red sauce, almost like pizza sauce and the entire combination was fantastic.  Apparently the history here from my local friends said it was sold a few times years ago and went down hill as they tried doing things different. Then it sold again and the new owners brought it back to its simple self and created the buzz and line again that makes Dalessandro's a local place everyone says is fantastic.
5 starsI thought this place was solid, but the lack of moisture in my cheese steak left me a little disappointed.  I recognize this place is a classic, and I went on a busy Sunday night (holiday weekend), but I feel restaurateurs should put out their best, or slow down in order to make it happen.
I ordered a cheese steak with provolone, fried onions, mayo, and banana peppers.  All toppings, including cheese were light, which meant lack of cheesiness and overall moisture.  The flavor of the meat and type of bread were on point.  The other people I went with felt similarly.  Maybe I should have got wiz...  I'd go back.
I also think the tables against the window need to be moved... because nobody could use the chairs with that many people in there.  They could benefit from some innovation on that front!Favorite to-go cheesesteak place! The smell of cheesesteak just travels along the whole block. Can get super crowded during certain times of the day but worth it! Not overly cheesy and never fails to make me do a happy dance inside! Free sides, love the banana peppers. Easy parking spots around. Cash Only.I've tried most of the major Cheesesteak places in the area.  Pat's, Geno's, Jim's, John's Roast Pork, Mama's, and so on and so forth.  You get the picture.  
In my mind, none of them are as good as Dalessandro's in Roxborough.  Everything about their steak is great - large amount of meat, perfect bun, right amount of cheese (only complaint is that whiz is not an option).  In addition, if you like peppers you won't find a larger selection than you will here.
One other note, they are not open on Sunday's, so you yunkers will have to make due with either Chubby's or the slightly inferior (but still good) new-kid-on-the-block Duff's Steaks.My favorite cheesesteak place by far. The food is delicious, the staff is so sweet and they put care into every cheesesteak they make. Whenever I have family that comes out of town, they ask to go to Dalessandros! We love it here!!I lost a bet during undergrad at Carnegie Mellon  (in Pittsburgh, PA) and I had to drive all the way to Philladelphia in Roxboro where he's from and bring back cheesesteaks from Dalessandro's.  Homeboy even had a methodology on how to bring back the ingrediants separated from the bun.   Well of course I ate one when I got there and it was one of the best I've had.  It's all about whatever kind of bread it is.This was the 2nd best cheesesteak I've ever had in my life and the best I've tried in Philly thus far. Similar to other popular steak shops, this place was hot, crowded and cash only. I can deal with crowds and heat but I hate carrying cash on me, so despite the quality of the sandwiches I cannot provide a 5 star rating. Aside from that, the ladies who take your orders and serve the food are much more sympathetic to the plight of a newbie than the impatient steak purveyors who staff their competitors throughout the city. I recommend Dalessandro's to anyone looking for a good authentic Philly cheesesteak especially if you are an out of towner or a cheesesteak ordering process novice.I come here every time I'm in Philly and it is better than any cheese steak I've had in the city (including the famous guys). Call ahead so you can shout out your name when you arrive (there is always a line so this is better than trying to order when you get there). I get whiz with grilled onions. Trust me, you will not regret it.Just doesn't get any better than this.  Although I'm no longer living in Philly, when I cross into Philly from Delaware, it's one of my favorite places to visit.  Great cheesesteaks!!delicious no matter how you order.  very busy every time I'm here.
I always bring back orders from people in new York.From visiting from utah... was recommended by my wife who used to live here and must say I would put this at the top of my favorite things to eat.Dalessandro's was recently voted the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia, and with GREAT reason. Their cheesesteaks are perfect - they're not too greasy (like a lot of the South Philly cheesesteak places), have amazing cheese, and fresh, soft bread. My boyfriend and I always get their provolone steaks with onions, and it's always a treat to look forward to!Soft warm heroes filled with thinly sliced meat and melted cheese mixed in with the juice of the cooked meat not grease. Peppers in containers on the counter. A little bit of heaven in a hoagie. Every time I am in the area or once a month I make it a mission to drive out to this place just for one of their cheese steaks pats and ginos has nothing on this place. Just another small hole in the walls that basically just make one thing and they make it well. Keep it going Dalessandro's. You all keep serving them up I will keep packing them in."Cheesesteak with fried onions, mushrooms and American cheese." Just keep repeating those words and you will not regret it! Tried it with provolone once and it just wasn't the same. I did not like cheesesteaks until I had D'alessandro's, mainly because other places use tough rubbery slices while D's uses tender juice soaked minced meat. The shop is small but has 3-4 patio tables outside, other than that you'd have to take it to go. Drove down here twice in 1 month, well worth it!After visiting Philly so many times I have finally experienced the best cheesesteak ever. The sharp provolone was awesome and the cherry peppers are my new thing.  I would back again and again, alot of people were there but the wait was quick and the staff and customers  were super friendly.This was our first time visiting Dalessandro's as it was highly recommended by family and friends. As not being from the area, it was a bit of a ordeal to get there as there was a lot of traffic and road construction going on and Dalessandro's is a bit out of the way and not quite in the touristy area of Philly. 
However, the sandwich's were delicious! They opened at 11:00 on we arrived about noon and there was a line out of the door! It's a very small place with a few seats at the counter and the rest was pretty much standing room only. We inched out way in and stood in line,  as there was quite a lot going on inside, a lot of yelling coming from the speakers with announcements of orders that were ready to be picked up. After standing in line for a few minutes there was lady behind the counter shouting to step to the right to place your order - we were standing in the wrong line. It would be useful if there were signs hanging from the ceiling to indicate the line for ordering is on your right, and the line to your left is for picking up orders. 
Please be sure to know what you want before your order, they seemed to be a bit agitated when I asked what type of toppings they offered, and be sure to have cash, as they do not accept credit or debit cards. They do have an ATM near the door which was convenient, but I do not like paying the extra ATM fees. . . 
We ordered 2 Philly cheese steaks and 2 chicken cheese steak's to go. The sandwhichs are PACKED with meat and were very satisfying, we were full for the entire day! I would also like to mention that they do not sell french fries. There is a restaurant across the street that sold cheese steaks as well and I ran across the street and picked up and order of fries to go. 
I highly recommend stopping by if you're ever in Philly!And down simply the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia and make sure you go a little early because it's always packed door-to-door for lunchGreat steaks, great atmosphere. This place sets the bar for cheesesteaks. After a day of hiking at Wissahickon... my friend and I were starving. I had driven by Dalessandro's many times and it was always packed, today was no exception.
We could smell the aroma of steaks and onions as we walked up to the door, inside smelled event better. I had a cheesesteak with onions and my friend had the same thing but with mushrooms... and two birch beers. 
The steaks were great... cheese was melted to perfection.
Great place... I'll definitely go back.This is my first time eating a Philly cheesesteak from Philly. For the price, I thought that it was super worth it because I could barely finish it. You're allowed to add as many toppings as you want without extra charge which is pretty cool (I just looked at all of them and asked for all of them lol). I wish that the cheese was more evenly distributed among the meat, but it was delicious nonetheless. The store was very old school as well, reminded me of like an old diner. Nice experience.Love the service I received.  Place is jam packed.  Good food.  Try the Italian hoagie and the cheesesteak, pepper or mushroom.  Take out recommended for immediate consumption since you may not get a seat.Knocked one star off due to service. This place gets PACKED, so the staff is high strung and not very nice. I understand they are trying to run an efficient business but getting yelled at wasn't fun. Their system is you line up to order, you yell your order (which they may give you an attitude for if you're from another town and don't order "the right way"), then you wait until they call your name, and you come up and pay (cash only). 
The cheesesteaks are very good. They chop the meat really small, bathe the hoagie roll in whiz and then another spoonful on top of the meat. Overall, if you're looking for a good cheesesteak, this is a great place to get it and take it home. If you're looking for a good eating experience, look elsewhere.First time here for me. Ordered the chicken cheesesteak. Honestly, best I ever had! The chicken was finely chopped, hoagie roll perfect temperature and texture. The right amount of American cheese and fried onions. I would recommend calling your order in for pickup. This restaurant is really crowded and quite a hectic environment. If you plan on dining in I would highly recommend sitting outside. Also, this is a cash only restaurant. They offer ATM to use. A fee of $1.50 will be added to your withdrawal transaction.Cheesesteaks are very good. But the customer service is non existent. They don't have a bathroom for customers and you aren't allowed to take condiments with you to their outside seating. 
The guy who took our order acted as if he couldn't care less if I was helped or not.Awesome cheesesteaks. Awesome hoagies too. One of the best cheesesteaks in philly, esp if you like chopped steak as oppose to the flank. Seating is limited, but you can sit inside which is nice. They also have beers and fountain soda which you can get free refills on. Another underrated feature is the parking. Real easy to park unlike the other places in the city. Cash only is probably the only negative, but all the best steak joints are cash only.Best cheesesteak in Philly. I grew up on these. Great grilled onions. I have since tried Pat's (pretty good), Geno's (lame), and Jim's and all the rest. No comparison.This is by far the best place to get a cheesesteak in Philly. They are well organized, quick, and tasty. The lady that checked me out knew me by name after my second time there. You can tell they have their regulars because they say hello by name to many people as they walk in. Always crowded during peek times but so worth it. Cash only..keep an extra $20 on you incase you happen to pass by. They do have an ATM just incase!Don't believe the hype.  Depending on how long the meat sat pre-made on the grill, you can get some steaks that are dry or sometimes a steak that just soaks the roll making it a soggy mess.
Instead, try Barry's, which is just a few blocks away.  They deliver a much more consistently juicy and flavorful steak.Food: 3.5/5.0
Service: 2.5/5.0
Value: 3.5/5.0
Decor: 2.0/5.0
Overall: 3.5/5.0
Frankly have no idea why this place has such a high rating.  They serve a decent steak but I almost didn't even hand out that 4th Yelp star.  For those using Yelp to inform a cross-Philly cheesesteak tour, let me warn you not to come with expectations too high.  Do try it still, if it's not too far out of the way.My family would get cheesesteaks from here growing up, but I hated cheesesteaks, so I would always get hoagies and a black cherry wishniak.  My school ruined cheesesteaks by only offering that horrible Whiz cheese and I foolishly thought all cheesesteaks came like that.  Once I realized that real cheese and not plastic could be on those things, I made the change and it's a damn good cheesesteak.  I would put it in the top five in Philly, but not the top three...  I tend to go there before or after Philly sporting events.  I've called in, eaten there, and just ordered while in line and waited.  There isn't a lot of room to sit or wait, but it's worth it.  I still get the black cherry soda, even though they also sell beer.  Parking can be hard to find, but try and you'll find it.I've been eating these cheessteaks ever  since I can remember!  The BEST Philly has to offer  ...  forget Geno's or any of the other big name joints, HERE is where you want to eat a Philly cheesesteak!!!!!I went to Deli's on Saturday and was very, very impressed! I hadn't been there in some time and had heard some reports that they "weren't the same" since new ownership took over. I grew up on these sandwiches and can honestly  tell you that they were as good as I ever remembered them being.A really good cheesesteak in a mom-and-pop environment. Not the best I've ever had, but everyone has their favorite. 
At this point, you've probably already decided on going... just do it.We couldn't come to philly without trying a steak and so this was one of the spots we tried. The flavor of the steak itself was great. Small and a lot of people when we arrived but the wait wasn't too bad. Definitely recommend. Cash only is the only bad thing I can say about it since I rarely carry cashI'm not going to say this place is the shizzit and be all end all of cheesesteaks.  But much prefered to those tourist traps in more crowded  downtown.
Personally do not  like the heavily chopped up meat and like my onions in slices, not chunks.  But sandwich had a nice flavor, was huge.  Sat outside at a table.  I had only steak, onions, L, T and mayo. Could have used more mayo.
Inside was crowded, crowded, crowded.  Very popular place.  CASH only but ATM right inside.
Street parking was EASY.  Was a visitor to Philadelphia for an afternoon but this was not a destination dine for me.  Just happened to be near the part of town I was visiting.
Would go again if I were local but if I were on a cheesesteak road trip would want to try somewhere else.This place is the perfect example of how a good (make that...Great) sandwich shop should be run.  I've been here quite a few times, and every single time, I'm nothing less than totally impressed!
The cheesesteak is great, but that's already been established.  The reason I'm updating my old review is that I have to compliment the people who work here. They're just so nice and very polite. It's like eating at a sandwich shop where your own mother is the lady bringing you your food.    Hmmm....
Okay...maybe not your mother (my mom wouldn't make me a sandwich if I was starving to death)...but how about a very nice aunt, who you don't see very often, who you were always a favorite of when you were growing up. That works.  That's how it is ordering a sandwich from this place - the service just blows away any other steak shop in the city.Ask a non-Philadelphian where to go in Philly to get a cheesesteak, they'll tell you to hit Pat's or Geno's. Wrong. Sometimes they'll say try Jim's. Wrong! Well, alright, Jim's is decent.
Someone who knows the landscape should send you here. It's off the beaten path, but totally worth it. Dallesandro's provides the right meat (diced variety, if that matters to you ) and bread combination. Meat is plentiful, as it should be, but not TOO abundant to overwhelm. Many toppings are available - I tend to go standard with onions (perfectly caramelized), but a friend always gets his with marinara, which is amazing. Addition of beer in the past few years was a major upgrade - but for all interested, this is a good place to get your Black Cherry Wishniak fix, somewhat hard to come by!
If you come at major mealtimes, expect to wait - lunch and dinnertime during the week can take upwards of 30min-1hr. Come on a Saturday, where you'll get in and eating quickly at most times. Service is always honest and quick, as you'd expect from a small place. So sad that this type of sandwich can't be replicated in Boston, but one of these will cover my fix for months.I came here running away from the two rivals near downtown . I don't regret the decision because the cheesesteak was .  I know that there are a lot of places that serve philly cheesteak around Philadelphia, but if you have one day to visit and choose one, like my situation , I recommend this one. Note: I have not try any other place in Philadelphia, so it is up to you .On my quest to find the best cheesesteak, Dalessandro's hit the tip top of my list. They were super busy but the waitstaff shined and made sure we got what we needed.Quick and friendly service. Super crowded but the food came out so fast! Our waitress was very friendly and made sure we had everything we needed. Very crowded but they're quick! And the sandwiches are huge and deliciously served hot!!We are routine customers at this place.  We first discovered it a year ago, shortly after moving to Philly.  It was more convenience than anything else that pulled us in (right near our house and open late), but after spending the last year eating Philly Steaks, I can definitely say that this is one of the best places to go for a cheese steak.  This is quality food!  The only downside?  They don't make fries.I was told by the local that this is the best philly cheesesteak in Philadelphia.  When we walked in,  it was busy and had a long line just to order.  But they were very efficient. In fact,  they hire three ladies just to take order.  We were asked what we wanted to add on to the cheesesteak.  It took about 10 minutes to get the cheesesteak.  The lady at the register was rude, as if they are the only restaurant in town with philly cheesesteak.  It ends up the cheesesteak doesn't have enough cheese and a bit dry, no enough cheese.  I personally prefer Pat. This is not that good,  a little disappointed.The best cheesesteaks in Roxburgh. Even tho it gets packed some days it's worth the wait. They pack so much meat on their rolls,their onions are cooked perfectly,the sandwich is thick & you taste every flavor in one bite. It's a great place to go to with friends when you're craving a bite to eat at night.Not too greasy, not too dry and the roll was really fresh! If Goldilocks ate cheesesteaks instead of porridge she would have said Dalessandro's was JUST RIGHT! 
We sat at the counter for a 3pm Sunday cheesesteak break. I ordered a plain steak with American cheese.  Dining partner ordered the same plus fried onions. Friendly waitresses and much better than the tourist traps. Wish this was closer to Center City!Came all the way from Alaska. This place was yummy!!!! Try it out you won't be disappointed. The staff is friendly, a little short on seating, but overall great food!In Philly out from LA, and asked around a few times about where to get the best Cheese steaks. Everyone mention this place and they were right! Got a cheese steak with grilled mushrooms and onions, wiz, mayo, hot and sweet peppers, and sharp provolone. It was a religious experienceStaff did a great job. The server was attentive and kind.
The meat itself has no flavor. Between the tasteless juices of the meat and the whiz on the roll the sandwich was super saturated. All I can really say is that it didn't taste awful, it is filling, and it is CHEAP $. But there are definitely better cheesesteaks out there. 
The space is tight. Not good for more than two people to try to eat in. The air conditioner dripped water on me and my food the whole time I sat at the counter. I'm usually a good sport but this place was pretty "meh" in more ways than one. 
Wish I enjoyed it more.took a drive down to philly with a client from NY for a meeting with another client (he's from montenegro and sometimes sounds like borat when he talks.  he thought i was taking him to get "cheesecake" and said he prefers tiramisu.  lol!) who's never had a cheesesteak in his life!  
we each got a cheesesteak w/ provolone, onions and peppers.  side of cheese whiz for extra fatty (why go half ass?  if you're gonna clog your arteries you better do it right!) deliciousness.  make sure to rub the hot pepper spread on every bite.  good God the hot pepper spread is AWESOME.  
we did the unthinkable and ordered a 3rd and split it.  afterwards we stopped by a cigar shop to pickup some romeo y julieta stogies for the ride back.  beautiful day, excellent meal all washed down by a cold one (nothing beats a cold one during lunch.  it's ALWAYS a good idea) and a nice DR cigar to boot.  what an awesome day!A friend from the area recommended this place to my wife & I after a trip to the Philly Zoo.  No frills spot on the corner right across from another steak spot.  Small inside, a wraparound lunch counter or a few tables outside. Nothing to write home about.  The bottom line, you do not have to be fancy when you are making cheesesteaks this good!  Fresh soft sub roll with piled on rib-eye steak, provolone, onions & mushrooms (just my preference) with the in-house peppers that they display on the counter. The staff were friendly, attentive and made you feel at home. In fact, we met a guy from NYC whose kid lives in the neighborhood and he said he has made the place a religion.  Roxborough, you have yourself a jewel! The only down side is the size of the place and it's in a residential neighborhood, so parking may sometimes be an issue.  If you're doing take-out, no worries.  Stop in and see them.  You will not be sorry!In my hunt for the best cheesesteak, I would have to say that Dalessandro's holds the number one spot right now. Even though its location is out of the city scene, it's completely worth the drive. No grease dripping from the bottom of the sandwich. I repeat: NO GREASE. The space is small, but it adds to the strong neighborhood loyalty vibe.
Every single time I go to Philly, I make an effort to come out to this place. I absolutely love it and cannot say enough good things about their sandwiches.The best Philly Cheesesteak in the Philadelphia area.  
The decor is basic - nothing special. The game will be on and you'll hear everyone talking in the place. 
But the food is good.Go!!!  the steaks are perfect -- hopefully you get there when the line is not out the door.  The meat is perfectly cooked, the cheese of your choice is in perfect proportion.  Add a yuengling and you have a perfectly indulgent meal.  Don't fall victim to the tourist locales -- D'Alessandros is where it's at.Best cheesesteak in the city, IMHO.  Great tuna hoagie, too.    Always friendly people taking your orders, even though it's sometimes a crush to get to the counter.  Hey, we are Philadelphians, we know how to elbow our way through a crowd.   It's to bad I live so close.  I'm getting a cheeseteak gut.I give it a 3.5 probably. It's pretty good, just not the best like I've been told. The bread is decent, a little soft for my taste. The onions are great, steak could be chopped a little less and I didn't like the fact all the ketchup and mayo was at the bottom of the sandwich. It's unorganized in there with how they have the line, you have to go to the front to order and then everybody is in the back waiting all crowded.
I say it's worth it if you're in the area but there's probably something comparable in quality if you live in a different neighborhood.A pokemon gym AND great cheesesteaks?!?! HEAVEN. This place is tiny and we happened to catch it right after the lunch rush. We split a regular sized cheesesteak with sweet peppers, "fried" onions, mushrooms and marinara on the side. I was BLOWN AWAY. Im so glad I didn't go to Pats or Genos. When I unwrapped my 2lb sandwich, I had tears in my eyes. The bread was perfect. Not soaking in grease and held up so well despite the mountain of meat, cheese, and toppings. I can't wait to go back. And to catch the polywhirl across the street. 
P.S. No bathroom but they have a sink to wash your hands. Some outdoor seating. Beer served.Sooooo good! One of the best cheesesteak places in Philly. Parking also wasn't too bad which is also a bonus.Absolute best of the best.  
I had the good fortune of finding this gem when attended school nearby in the 90s, so this was my first-ever experience with a cheesesteak and I've not had better since.  
It was always great fun to bring friends and family from out of town to Dalessandro's and I recently introduced it to my children, as well.
Something about the way their meat is so finely shredded, mixed in with the cheese and densely packed makes me crave it, but I no longer live in the area.  WAAAAAA! 
I love the old-school, unchanged sign and interior.  Do note, if you have never been, that seating first-come-first-served, is only at the counter or outside and very limited.Lived in Philly for 19 years and this is my favorite cheesesteak. Forget the places down south that get all the fame, this is where it's atBest steak and hoagie place in Philly... customer service is great!!! The only downside is parking...Delicious authentic Philly cheese steaks! This place is a throw back to before we were inundated with chain restaurant food. The food is made fresh right in front of you and made just the way you want it. The staff is friendly and the service is fast.Had a cheesestake provolone with fried onions. Super tasty, couldn't tell if it was the meat or the cheese that had that extra kick of flavor that isn't there in the famous competitors of S. Philly.
Happy that I am local to the area to get it when there isn't a line. I drive by on weekends when it wraps around the store front. 
Super tight inside, but everyone was very polite. Not a place that would kick you out for ordering wrong :PThe philly cheese steak left much to be desired. Meat and mushrooms seemed to be lacking in flavor. Where was my cheese? I'll take harlem chopped cheeses over this place any day. -Jaded New YorkerRoy's Top 5 Things to Know:
1. Cheese Steaks are $8.25. They have a variety of sauces, cheeses and toppings. They've even got chicken cheese steaks.
2. Cheese Steaks are large, just half of one is good for one person so you can easily split one.
3. Most importantly, they're real good, the steak is so tender that it almost taste like ground beef. They put just enough cheese on it and the fried onions, ugh to die for. I drove all the way from NYC and it was well worth it.
4. I'm an out of towner and I usually just follow the gps for cheese steak places and I've ended up in some shady neighborhoods, this one isn't shady whatsoever so you don't need to worry about that.
5. Park right on Wendover Street instead of illegal parking in front since so many people frequent this spot in late night.Great steaks. Yummy bread and steaks have a wonderful flavor. If you are new here this place can be a bit intimidating. It's tiny and always crowded and their is a ton of yelling. Take your time to look at the menu to decide what you want. Be very decisive when you get to the cashier. Step out of the way when others are ordering. Listen carefully for your name!One of the BEST cheesesteaks I have ever eaten!
Since I'm not from Philly, getting a cheesesteak is a must whenever I visit the city! I've been to Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's, Jim's and John's Roast Pork and there are some viable contenders in that list for my favorite, but Dalessandro's just took that spot on my most recent trip to the city of Brotherly Love.
First off, Dalessandro's just doesn't seem like it gets the love it deserves. Pat's and Geno's always steal the headlines and Tony's Luke's is a distant 3rd amongst tourists, but nowhere in NY did I ever hear about the 'famed' Dalessandro's. Since I had been to the other popular Philly cheesesteak restaurants, I thought I'd do my research this time and try a new cheesesteak restaurant in town. Repeatly, Dalessandro's came up on top 10 lists so it was a no brainer to give it a try. It sounded like a spot that locals preferred over the others.
When we arrived, I noticed Dalessandro's was located in a very suburban area of Philly. I was glad to see that there was plenty of street parking around the corner outside of the houses that lined the block too. It was about 12:30pm on a Friday when we stepped in and, as expected, there was a small line. The restaurant was very small, tight and crowded. There was bar seating to the right of the entrance, for those sitting in to eat, and a TV on the wall. As I approached the counter, the woman asked if we had ordered yet and we asked for some time, for which she said 'Take your time'. This friendly hospitality was a recurring theme throughout our experience inside.
Once we were ready to order, the woman took down our order and asked if we wanted to sit in or take out. Although we chose to initially take out, we ended up sitting in because there were some seats open. We told another woman who was serving the people sitting in that we wanted to change our order to be a sit-in. She happily changed our order for us. I can't understate that woman's friendly demeanor and the great service she provided. It definitely made our experience that much better.
As for the cheesesteaks, we ordered 2 mushroom cheesesteaks with onions - 1 with whiz and 1 with provolone. The steak meat was all grounded up, which was fine with me. There was a ton of meat in both cheesesteaks and the cheeses were melted on perfectly. Mushrooms were also scattered throughout the cheesesteak as well. Everything about the cheesesteaks were perfect, especially the flavor of the meat and all of the ingredients combined. It was hard to say which one was my favorite, but I'm a huge cheese whiz fan so that probably was the one that did it for me. That's not to say in any way that the steak with provolone was not amazing because it absolutely was! It was just a matter of preference for me. 
It's unfortunate that Delassandro's doesn't get the publicity of Pat's or Geno's. Not only did they serve amazing cheesesteaks, but the service and hospitality was excellent!When I think Philly cheese steak. This one is by far the best I've eaten and the line is there to prove it.  The steak is chopped very fine, but it is jam packed with flavor!!  The chicken cheese steak was okay, but why come here for chicken?!First time here. Steak was delicious and service was great.  There was a little wait, but that's to be expected at a place that makes outstanding steaks.Best place in philly for chicken cheesesteaks HANDS DOWN! I've been coming here since I was 7 years old (I'm 28 now). Even when I wasn't living in philly full time I would always come back. It's one of the few places that the food actually tastes exactly the same way it did when I was a kid. That consistency is the main reason why I love the place. The waitresses are super nice and friendly. It can be kind of difficult to maneuver around when it gets busy. I suggest calling ahead for to go orders or coming at a non busy time to sit down and have the full experience. Again, best place in Philly for a chicken cheesesteak!The best steaks in Roxborough! Be prepared to wait at least 10 mins but you won't be disappointed! Everytime I'm in Rox I visit Deli'sTHE BEST cheesesteak in Philadelphia. I have been eating there since 1984 and it remains unchanged--a top quality sandwich with high quality meat and a delicious roll. The only negative is that there is always a line out the door but it does move very quickly. I always eat at the counter and have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for a seat. In my opinion, they are underrated and have never been given the credit they deserve.