I am giving Dante & Luigi's top honors for many reasons. My boyfriend & I were in Philly for our 2 year anniversary & this place caught my eye from the looks of it alone. Classy & super clean. Hostess & waiter were extremely nice & even the bus boy came over a few times to see how we enjoyed the food etc. Now to the food, I had Ravioli's & he had Chicken Francese & they were both out of this world! I was actually upset we didn't live closer so I could have it again! This is the place to go for delicious & reasonably priced Italian food. So romantic, perfect for our special day!Took out of town relatives back to this Bella Vista stalwart.  You really can't go wrong for good, solid Italian food.  Huge veal cutlets.  Excellent sea food marinara.  Good old fashioned, reliable Italian food, in unpretentious setting, without a bunch of obnoxious people.  Great for a Sunday night, in particular.The ambience is nice and romantic, but the food is only "ok". I've had my fair share of Italian cuisine domestically and internationally and I have to the say the food here falls short. There's a ton of charm and history with the place but the food was overly salty. The soup, pasta, the meats were all very salty. I assume some people would consider that flavorful, I felt different. I think it's back to Radicchio.Was my first time here last night. I enjoyed it but was not wowed by the food.  It's not that it wasn't very good, just that I was not amazed.  But it was very good food and I would definitely recommend it to anyone for a date.  I ordered the clams in the white sauce for the appetizer and was not amazed by it.  I would recommend the mussels instead.  My main appetizer was the risotto with jumbo shrimp a and clams.  Was good but I have had better risotto from the frozen section at trader joe's to be honest.  My dessert was the tira misu.   Was very good.
As for the decor, the place is nicely decorated.  The main dining room is a bit small and the noise is on the louder side.  It's better for conversation at this noise level as you can talk without whispering. It would have been better if there was more spacing between the tables. 
I'll be coming back at some point. 
FYI. This is the oldest Italian restaurant in Philly.  Founded in 1899Awesome italian food.  The waiter was very attentive, and considerate to our needs.  I would recommend it, and I will be going back.My wife & I went here for Valentine's dinner..........WOW!! Service was impeccable, food was absolutely 1st rate. We shared a crabmeat & portabella mushroom appetizer(which was delicious) , my wife had veal medallions rollatini which she enjoyed immensely & I had the bronzino(Mediterranean sea bass) stuffed w/ lobster rizzoto, which was also amazing. We also shared a cannoli for desert, which was the best cannoli I've ever had, it literally melted in my mouth. I'm thinking this will be our Valentine's spot imperpetuem.
Just make sure you make a reservation(some poor schlub actually walked in off the street ON VALENTINE'S WEEKEND & expected to get a table!! I burst out laughing!!)) & bring plenty of cash; dinner for 2 was around $140 w/ drinks before tip; they do take credit cards, but tack on 3%!! 
NOTE: I don't know how but this review wound up on Ristorante Panorma's page. I've never been there. I removed that review. Dante & Luigi's is where we went, & very glad of it.
EDIT:
My wife, son, & I went here for a surprise Father's Day dinner on 6/15/13, & the same thing I'm now going to bring up happened the 1st time: the valet parking leaves a little to be desired. 1st off, my wife was driving both times, & both times we had to search out the valet, who WAS STANDING ON THE CURB RIGHT IN FONT OF D & L'S. A good valet will open a door for a customer, especially a woman. The "Tip-O-Meter" was running, dude!! Secondly, when your parking a block away, why oh why does it take so damn long to get my car?? I mean 20 minutes. Really? And they charge $18, a wee bit steep, especially early in the day......not taking anything away from D & L's food or service wise, it's impeccable, but they may want to re-think the whole valet parking deal w/ whomever they are dealing w/ now & get somebody else in the near future.
NOTE: D&L's have since changed the valet they use.....MUCH improved.
EDIT: Went back here for Valentine's dinner on Sunday, 2/13....everything great as usual, but the one complaint I do have is that this is supposed to be fine dining....why do they allow schlubs dressed in jogging suits/sweats/yoga pants? If I'm paying top dollar for a meal, I don't need to see some bozo & his family looking like they just rolled into McDonald's. Whatever happened to "Proper Attire Required"? You don't want to get dressed up to go to dinner, fine....go to Wendy's or The Melrose Diner....but in the end, I do blame the management for this....They really should enforce a dress code. If you're paying $200 for dinner, then Joe Schmo should be turned away for looking like an unmade bed.I have heard and read great reviews from many people about Dante & Luigi's, I was not disappointed. Every entree we had was delicious, the apps. and desserts were just as good. I've had better meals, but not by much, and never at this price point.The best! I'm going to make it a point to dine here again. We arrived with a large party 30 min to closing time on a Sunday night. The staff was polite and accommodating. The food was delicious and worthy of praise. Definitely will return.Don't try to bring a young child here, because they don't have highchairs or booster seats for little kids. So much for families being welcome... as long as your kids are old enough to sit in regular chairs I guess. Was pretty irritating to be turned away after braving a pretty nasty rainstorm specifically to go here on our last night in Philadelphia.I'm a spoiled New Yorker, what can I say?
When I heard this was the oldest Italian restaurant in Philly, I had high expectations. When I saw the prices, I had higher expectations. Expectations not met.
I had the spaghetti with bolognese sauce which was good but I have had so much better. I think the sauce was the most disappointing part of the meal.
The bread served in the beginning is fresh and I did appreciate the sweetness of the vinegar to accompany the olive oil. The sautéed spinach was too bitter, but the Italian sweet sausages I tried were good. 
This is a descent place but I mean descent and I had expected 5 stars.I enjoyed a wonderful dinner with the Mrs.  Started with the stuffed calamari and shrimp cocktail and the italian antipasto. All were excellent and very tasty.  Then we moved onto the osso buco and my reliable chicken parmigiana. Oh and I forgot to mention the  broccoli rabe, Everything was delicious. The staff was friendly and attentive.  For dessert we had the italian cream cake with rum and the ricotta canoli with chocolate chips. Overall we had a very pleasant dining experience in one of the most authentic italian restaurants in Philadelphia.Absolutely wonderful meal with the kids on Saturday night. I had the veal, and it was like butter. The pasta fagioli was out of this world good. The lasagna and the ravioli got rave reviews from the kids. Wish the delicious bread was served warm. And note that although they accept credit cards there is a 3 1/2% surcharge for doing so.  So bring cash or a check.Fabulous meal. The waiter was a little odd, but his service was good.  Parking can be a challenge, but it's worth it.  The food was fabulous!!!!!I've lived in Philly for 19 years and never visited Dante. Wish I would have earlier. Delicious all the way around! Food was amazing, fresh and served in a timely manner. Our wait staff was attentive and fun. 
My sister is gluten free and there was plenty on the menu for her to choose from even a yummy sorbet for desert. I had the wide ribbon pasta with crab and it came with huge pieces of crab, and perfect sauce. We also had the pasta fasoli soup and caprese salad. The mozzarella I believe tasted like Claudio's which is a bonus. Great great great! We'll def be back more often!Best Italian I have ever had in a restaurant. Classic and unpretentious atmosphere. Will go back every time I am in Philly.Sounds like if you're in town, you need to visit that stereotypical Italian joint where you can get some good pasta and gravy.  Plenty of signs pointed to this place so I thought I'd give it a shot.  The place was good, but maybe a little overhyped...and overpriced.  I got one of the veal dishes and a pasta and I'm willing to bet there are dozens of restaurants in the city that can turn out dishes just as good for less.  Thinking this is similar to the many tourist traps that dot Little Italy in New York...The food wS fabulous but the ambience made it even better. I cannot believe that we lived in Society Hill so many years ago and never knew that this ode to di ing was nearby!Went for dinner on 2/1/18. We started with an appetizer of stuffed mushrooms with crab meat. This thing looked and smelled amazing! For dinner I ordered the Alfredo dish with fresh spinach and my friend ordered the liver dish with bacon and sauté onions (comes with a side of pasta). Everything was  delicious and the presentation of the plated food was phenomenal. The food was fantastic, the service was superb, the ambiance was amazing. This is a great place for a date or quiet group. The restaurant is authentic with a nice moderate/low level noise. Wonderful neighborhood gem.I was concerned this place was not going to be as good as ralphs. It's just as good. The only thing is that it's a bit more expensive. We went on a Saturday night with our 1 year old and they were very accommodating. This will continue to be our go to place if Ralph's is too busy.An all around great place.  Awesome food, great staff.  Perfect place for a large group for a celebration or for an intimate dinner for two.  All around, one of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city.We were  going to the Academy of Music this evening, so we were discussing dinner before a show.  Family that live in South Philly made suggestions and we agreed to come to Dante & Luigi's. The Caesar Salad was great, fried calamari was the best  any of us ever had.  Lightly breaded and tender.  Perfect!  Our entree's varied from veal, seafoods, crab and homemade linguini.  Everything was wonderful.  I'm Italian and have eaten what I thought was the best.  This place is tops.  Service, all male, was professional, but fun and very helpful.  I would recommend this to  anyone that wants an authentic Italian meal in a beautiful setting.  And the prices were very reasonable, considering you are in the city.  I was pleasantly surprised.This used to be a regular haunt, but i hadn't been for a long while. The food was stellar, but my complaint is with the waitstaff.  Our waiter seems disinterested and he
wouldn't put in in our appetizer orders until we had ordered our entrees. Really?  The food will definitely bring me back, the sauce reminds me of my grandmother's house. It's worth overlooking a so-so waiter for great food.My family and I love Dante and Luigi's , feels like you are eating home cooked Italian food, always fresh, go with an appetite because everything is delicious. We love Angelo he's amazing. We always go monthly and if not every other week ! Great serviceCapturing the essence of classic Italian dining, Dante and Luigi's DOES NOT disappoint. Exceptional homemade dishes surpassed only by the old world service. Mick's blend of relaxed, attentive service made us feel like we'd been dining there for decades, when it was only our first visit.
The ambiance was old world romantic Italian at its best. Sophisticated yet approachable, you felt like you were dining in someone's spacious dining room.
If you are seeking chic, nuevo cuisine, there are plenty of celebrity chef joints to hang out in, but if you want the real deal taste of south Philadelphia Italian, this is your place.
Not many places like this left so make your reservation, be on time, and open your mind to how Italian should be done.
BTW, valet parking is available, and cash is preferred over credit. Nice discount for the latter.My boyfriend and I had our first meal here for my birthday dinner. The food was fabulous and the service is excellent! We had some car trouble at the end of the night. The valet crew and staff went above and beyond to help us out. We are so appreciative of the kindness of the whole staff! Thank you thank you thank you!!! Highly recommend dining at this beautiful restaurant!Good Food.   A few too many waiters hanging about and a little too formal for my taste.  However food was well prepared and staff were friendly.  Bring cash as there is a 3.5% surcharge on credit cards.After searching for great Italian food on yelp we found Dante and Luigi's. There are many good restaurants in the area but when we read  another yelp review that said a mob hit had taken place at this restaurant a decade earlier,we are we decided to try it out. To start The decor is lovely,elegant and cozy. Lots of old world charm and history in the restaurant. The staff was friendly and attentive.  Most important however, is the food  and it did not disappoint!!! I had the Seafood Cioppino which tasted amazing and the presentation was beautiful, my husband had the Broccoli Rabe. Which he said tasted just like the way his Italian mama makes it. The prices were also very reasonable and you get a 5% discount if you pay in cash.  We would highly recommend  checking this  restaurant out.True Italian feel. Ralph our waiter and his bus boys were great. The Veal Katherine and Italian Sweetbreads were fresh and delicious. Their Tiramisu is beter than anything I have eaten in Ny, Chicago, DC and Italy.
Will return when next in PhillyDante & Luigi's was the perfect place for my boyfriend and I to take his mom when she visited town. The atmosphere was great - felt just like you were in someone's home (which once upon a time it was!). Our waiter was nice and even allowed my boyfriend to order Veal Piccata which wasn't on the menu. "If we have the ingredients, we can make it" -- and my boyfriend scarfed down the dish in about 15 minutes. Must have been good! His mom got the Gnocchi Romano which was delicious and a very large portion size provided ample leftovers. My Shrimp Fra Diavolo should have come with a warning label - this is the spiciest version of the dish I've ever had. Once my mouth was numb I enjoyed the dish, but I honestly couldn't taste much behind the level of spice. We also shared a calamari appetizer and bottle of wine. All-in-all a wonderful meal and a restaurant I would definitely recommend.We went for our 3 year wedding anniversary and they treated like gold. Exceptional service and amazing food. We WILL be back often.The food and service were great. Really your traditional old-school Italian place. Nice place for a date or a celebration. They have a few different rooms, we ended up being seated in the front room which kind of looks like a cell with cement walls and an iron gate. I heard they're upgrading the place so I hope this room is next.I couldn't come to Philly and not eat Italian food. I was looking for a place to eat and Dante and Luigi's kept coming up. I decided to try it since it's the "Oldest Italian Restaurant in Philadelphia". I couldn't decide on an appetizer so I got the Caprese Salad and the Prosciutto, Provolone, and Sicilian Olives.  Both appetizers were really good. The Caprese was a stack. The balsamic dressing on it was so full of flavor.  I ordered the Pasta Carbonara. They have gluten free pasta which made me so happy. The carbonara was the best carbonara I have ever had. I have had carbonara that is very thick and strong, this was light and the taste was spot on. It is by far the best carbonara I have ever had. 
I was too full for dessert and it didn't look like there were too many GF options so I ended the meal with a double espresso. The espresso was really smooth and tasty. 
This was a very enjoyable experience. The food was great, the service was great, and the environment itself was very charming. It truly has an old world charm.This is a very attractive restaurant. Had no idea how beautiful the interior rooms were. Our waitperson, Victor, was pleasant and attentive. Now for the review. The appetizers were fantastic and served piping hot. The salads were terrific. Now for the rest of the story. The pasta was not what we ordered but we accepted what was served. Then, entrees began to be presented that we did not order. Our lukewarm entrees finally arrived and it obvious they had been sitting around in the kitchen. Ever eat cool calves liver or nearly room temp Bronzino? Not nice. The veal putenesca and veal rollatini were similar in temp. The 2 btls of wine help temper our disappointment.  Then the food server showed up with rum cake looking for whoever ordered it and it was not us. Yes, I will return, but be very aware of the food delivery. Maybe a weekday is better!Outstanding place. Never been to Ralph's because I can't get past this place. I ate my way through Rome - this is comparable. Thanks for retaining your quality over the years D & L.One of the best Italian restaurants in town. Impeccable service. Nice wine list. Daily specials won't disappoint. Great place to celebrate a special occasion or special company.We attended a party here.  Warmly welcomed and shown to a private dinning room, our coats were taken and we were offered a cocktail or beverage of our choice.  Good first impression!
While we waited for the guest of honor, we were made to feel comfortable along with other arriving guests. Bread with olive oil was served.
Our host had arranged a preset dinner with family style appetizers, a Caesar salad and choice of 3 entries and two desserts.  
The raves in the room were for the eggplant appetizer and risotto entree.  
Desert and choice of hot beverages perfectly ended a delicious meal.
Food and service were very good!  
A real plus for Philly, they provide valet parking!!  
I'll be backBeen to many Italian restaurants in South Philadelphia, this by far is the best. Servers were very attentive from start to finish. I had the prosciutto and extra sharp provolone salad, the ziti with Italian sausage and broccoli rabe, my wife had the Jersey tomato salad, and penne ala vodka with shrimp and we shared a desert. Every course was outstanding. Definitely make reservations, as they're always busyThe pastas were very flavorful. The stuffed whole calamari was fantastic. Best italian gravy. My cowoker had the fettucini filetto and I had the papardelle with tomato and basil in white wine sauce. Very very tasty. We topped off the meal with vanilla and Spimoni gelatto and le columbe coffee. The german reisling was one of the best reislings i've had, even though the waiter recommended an Italian red wine.  Make sure to request not to be placed in the bar the ambiance of the other rooms is much cozier.   All in all, it made me miss Italy.cThis place has good ravioli. It's in a good location. I definitely recommend going to Dante & Luigi's if you're in Philadelphia!Their food and customer service is out of this world. Whenever I get to treat myself, it's always at Dante & Luigis. My boyfriend and I went here after a long and brutal day one night and the bartender bought us both drinks from across the room. Their penne vodka is to die for, as well.GOOD Italian food!  Eggplant rollatini amongst the best I have ever had, and we used to live in the heart of Italian food mecca of northern NJ.  Nice wine list, good service, lovely atmosphere.  Tiramisu was the best I have ever had.  Cream was delicious, light and heavenly.  Get it, even if you didn't eat all your dinner ;).Excellent food and service. Paul our waiter took care of everything and suggested some great entrees.Back in the day, growing up in the suburbs, my best friend's grandparents were from the old country.  They had a well-used wine press in the garage and made their own sausage.  Johnny's home was always filled with wonderful smells and flavors - and non-stop, conversation.  
Dining at Dante & Luigi's recaptures that authenticity and warmth in a charming dining  room.   The food, appropriately extolled in other Yelps, is simply divine.  
Jonesing for real Italian?  This is the place to go.Dante and Luigis had me worried for a bit with a few ice cold reviews. However, after I was stuffed to the brim with shrimp cocktail and gnocchi romano and my boyfriend was stuffed with eggplant rollantini and perciatelli genovese, we're both believers. We had a reservation and were seated 15 minutes earlier than expected, the service was quick and attentive, and the food was delicious. The bread was the weakest point, and it wasn't bad, it just could have been better and warm. The gnocchi was pillowy and delicious, the sauce was creamy, the veal bolognese was savory (albeit off putting in its appearance), the drinks were always filled and the gelato was the perfect finish. I would say skip the valet parking, and try to get a reservation before 8 if you want to avoid a stressful parking situation. We had no trouble finding a parking spot only a block and a half away, but I also attribute this to giving ourselves enough time. The atmosphere was also warm, and maybe a little outdated, but nice for a quiet dinner out. We were definitely the youngest couple in there, but we weren't going for a bar scene. I would say give this place a try or just keep on going there.A very romantic environment filled with sparkling chandeliers. There's a lot more to the menu than on the website. My boyfriend has a signature veal dish that was good, but could not beat my mushroom and pasta dish with pesto cream sauce. Yum! Very reasonable prices considering the environment and quality. Both of our main dishes were under $20 and enormous.Food was delicious!!! Great spot for a date night or even a large party.  I like that they had a full bar, as opposed to some other Italian restaurants in the area. Our waiter was nice and informative, but I think he got a little annoyed by our group of 8 loud females- that's OK, I understand. The busboys were such gentleman and so polite!  This made for the perfect girls' night, and I look forward to going back again for date night with my hubby. ALSO: if you pay in cash, you receive a 10% discount.OLD FASHIONED ELEGANCE! This one one of the most delightful restaurants we've tried on the road! The food was divine, as was the presentation, timing, price and value! I would eat there biweekly if I lived there! Traditional, elegant, and magnificent! 
I'd have given it a perfect rating but the waitstaff 'waited' at the bar counter in front of us staring our way throughout the whole meal. It was very awkward. They could hear our idle chatter and we would have left early had the meal and dessert not been so perfect. Lovely romantic spot-I was there w/ colleagues and friends but could see the ambiance, we were not out of place though. I can't wait to somehow get back! Parking a pain. Use the Valet on a weekend! FYI thhey charge extra for Credit Card use, it's minimal.
Don't miss the dessert even if you only have two bites and take it with you like we did. We had a Ricotta Cheese Cake and the Italian Cream Cake were out of this world! The cannolli my friend had was good.I loved this place! I didn't even have time to take pictures bc I just wanted to focus on the night. It is a restaurant with a lot of history which the owner made sure to keep it traditional. Beautiful crown molding, all male servers (which was weird but when you ask why they'll explain), family friendly and great Italian  food. There is valet which is $15 but we went during the week. However, we found free parking a block and a half away!! Totally worth going. It was my birthday and we got two free shots! Go and get the BEST Italian experience in philly!This was a great choice for dinner with a friend visiting from Boston this past weekend.  We had walked all day, so our friend only had energy to walk a block or two from her B&B.  We went to Dante & Luigi's since it was on the corner.  We weren't starving, so we each ordered a pasta entree only.  All three entrees were huge and tasty.  My lasagna was a little salty, but luckily I like salt.  Friend's mushroom dish was very rich.  Husband's pasta and meatballs hit the spot.  The atmosphere was old school South Philly, which was great for a tourist.  Service was excellent, especiallay since the waiter didn't try to upsell us on appetizers and dessert.  I don't think we'll run here on a regular basis, but we'd definitely come back again with visitors for the food and atmosphere.Amazing amazing amazing! Can not speak highly enough of this place! Amazing food, amazing ambiance, amazing service and amazing prices. Highly recommend.i ordered the classic spaghetti and meatballs............. i wasn't blown away... the service was good, until the end... where i asked for the check like 10 times... a bit disappointing.Wow, what a great meal!
My kids and I came in on a Sunday right before an Eagles 8:30 game, and as was totally expected, they were mobbed.  VERY few places (if any) can give top class service with a rush like that.
That being said, the staff did a great job!  The head waiter approached us in very short order, took our drink orders, and made sure we were attended to.  
Long and short of it, really good mid price Italian, very attractive decor, excellent service, and an excellent menu.
I will soon be back!
(Edit) Came back more than a year later, and hosted a table of five, very late (beyond 8pm) with some serious foodies.  Another incredibly tough time for a restaurant to execute, and a very knowledgeable audience.
Nailed it.  Tip Top, out of the park.
Hats off to Dante and Luigis!So, this is a well located, and well known restaurant. The ambiance is great. The service was attentive and friendly. But.... I am really tired of nightly specials that are simply overkill. I got a pasta special with lovely cheese stuffed agnolotti. That would have been great on it's own. Instead,  half pound of lump crab meat, a meal in itself, was piled on top in the sauce. It was not particularly a seafood sauce. IMHO, it was overkill. I pushed the crab to the side and ate the pasta. Took home the crab and made a salad of it for lunch the next day! For the price, this restaurant was definitely nothing special. Big portions do NOT a good restaurant make.Just like my nonna used to make! 
Confession: I don't really have an Italian grandmother. But if I did, I like to imagine her food would taste like the fare at Dante & Luigi's.
Solid, classic South Philly Italian menu with all the charm of the city's yesteryears you could ask for. You're not going to get the inventiveness of places like Le Virtu or Amis, but you're going to leave satisfied, heavily carbed up and full.  Make sure to take a peek at their original menu by the hostess stand. It is literally the same as the one you'll see on your table. Except of course that you could get a meatball for a nickel or something similarly ridiculous back then.
I'd recommend staying the course and opting for the Italian gravy (not sauce, never sauce!). But you really can't go wrong with most of the options.
The one thing I did find myself a bit confused about was the Sautéed Calamari. So much marinara! Why so much marinara?! I half expected to see the little squid rings jump on tiny boats and float across the serving dish, reenacting Columbus sailing towards the edge of the world. But I can't complain too much, because it did make for an excellent bread dip. And you know I boxed up the rest of that liquidy goodness and made my own concoction with it for lunch the next day. I'd like to think this made my sweet, non-existent nonna smile down on me from heaven.The food and ambiance may be great and very old world, but really the service is where the place goes down hill. 
We called a week ahead to get our reservation, described clearly to the hostess that we would be coming with a wheelchair and they never thought to tell us they had stairs to get in the building.  When we arrived and dealt with waiting for valet, we were introduced to three stairs.  Yikes.  Convinced they had to have a movable ramp, I went inside to speak to the hostess while my handicap father waited outside.  The hostess was so proud to show me how the room was accessible, and drew a blank face when she realized that regardless of the room being flat, the exterior of the restaurant was not.  
My problem lies in the fact that someone took the reservation despite clear direction that we had a handicap person in the party.  It drew insult to injury...literally.  Not everyone that uses a scooter or a wheelchair does it simply because they are "too fat to walk".Even though this is two blocks from my apartment, it took me over a year to eat here.  When we walked in, we were awed by the beautiful rooms and were seated in the front room.  High ceilings, beautifully wood paneled bar, and a gorgeous tile floor set the stage for what should have been an awesome meal.  
Unfortunately, the food was just ok.  It wasn't bad by any stretch of the imagination, it just wasn't a meal that really sticks out in my mind as spectacular.  I had the penne alla vodka with prosciutto.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and the prosciutto was a nice salty addition, but the sauce had little to no flavor of it's own.  The wait staff was very friendly and attentive, if at times a little too attentive.  Our meal had been placed for no more than thirty seconds before we were asked how everything was.  But I guess I'd rather have a staff be too attentive than ignore me.
If I'm in the mood for pasta and don't feel like walking far, I might end up back at Dante and Luigis, but I don't think it is a place I would find myself craving.Enjoying a beautiful chilly night in Philly with my son and fiancé. Love this love! Second time here. Love the pasta. The seafood choppino is made to perfection.Expensive but a perfect place for a date. Its beautiful inside and the staff are soo friendly. I love it.I came to Dante and Luigi's (I'm 40 years old) for the first time with wheelchair restricted older family member (He is 71 years old) who has happy memories of his meals here in his younger years. I learned that Dante and Luigi's has no handicapped/accessibility options.  You have to climb steps to enter the restaurant.  Also are two or three stairs to climb to go to the bathroom.   I think this restaurant does not have any ADA compliance.  (Maybe historic restaurants are not required to have accessibility options?  It certain is a nice looking restaurant - let me give them credit for that!)  I hurt my back (6 weeks of physical therapy) pulling a wheelchair up the two steps out front before I realized it was a bad idea.  You might reconsider coming here if you or someone you are bringing has physical disabilities.
I ordered lasagna, certainly the most expensive lasagna I had my whole life.  If you knew me in real life, you would know I love lasagna.  Dante's gave me a large portion and it tasted good.  I am certain it was high quality.  However, I have had better lasagna elsewhere at a fraction of the price.  It was not even close in taste to the lasagna my wife and mother cook.  I felt the same thing eating a garden salad (waitstaff said no salad dressing available other than oil and vinegar) and the complementary Italian bread.   I was completely full before we (a party of 5) ordered deserts. Our party tried one of everything.  I must say that Dante and Luigi's has a couple of truly exceptional deserts.
I think the true bright spot here is that the service at the restaurant was excellent.  There was always someone filling our water glasses and the staff were exceptionally friendly.  I hope you enjoy your meal here more than I did.  3 out of 5 of us felt the same way: the food tasted  mediocre for the price.In response to Elle W,  I think uptight and discriminatory is unfair.  First, you weren't there and are unsure exactly what went on, what they were wearing or how they were behaving.  Right off, them saying they went to the bar and were refused is ridiculous.  They don't have a bar.  There is a service bar but it is obviously a service bar, there are no seats.  
I think you should reconsider your review, an accusation of discrimination is very serious, especially when you are making without any firsthand knowledge.
If your friends had an issue, they should have asked for the Manager.I am italian so I am very very picky when it comes to eating at Italian restaurants. However, Dante & Luigi's is my favorite italian restaurant of all time. Every single thing on the menu is delicous. My favorite is the Penne Vodka. HIGHLY suggest going here.Spectacular service. Exquisite food. Incredible ambiance. One of the finest experiences  I have ever enjoyed in my 35 years of traveling the USA and having the privilege of dining at the finest restaurants in the country thanks to my sales/marketing jobs.  
Lets start with the ambiance. 
You walk into the restored parlor and immediately are struck by the open space, natural light from windows all around, 15 foot high ceiling, crown molding, impressive arches.
Next, the service. As good as I have EVER experienced. Paul our main waiter, Victor, our superstar, Frank the maitre d, Jeremie and John our bus boys - they worked together like a well-oiled machine. Requests were handled immediately. Never had to ask for a water glass to be refilled. Pleasant, customer focused, attentive, well informed about the menu and drinks - everything you want from a team of servers. A highlight.
Of course, the key is the food and they delivered. Delicious,made from scratch, down to the basics from homemade croutons and dressing on our salad to the incredible gravy on our pasta.
I had lobster,shrimp and crab over homemade pasta done in a wonderful fra diavolo sauce that was out of this world and my friend had the fresh salmon special which was light and delicious. We started with a wonderful fried calamari with hot peppers added at our request, split a special house salad as well as shared a huge piece of house made tiramisu.
All the people we met were friendly. The valet was a great guy.
I can not recommend this restaurant highly enough. I read some reviews here that make me think these people have an ax to grind or have no idea what incredible italian food tastes like (some people think Olive Garden is good).
Awesome! 10 stars if I could do so but since 5 is the most I get, 5 starsit is. Still, 5 stars doesn't do that experience justice.Food is authentic Italian and very good.  Service is very intrusive however and they seem to be listening to your conversations.  Also, don't try to order an appetizer before selecting an entree...we were told the chef doesn't like that.  Asked how everything was...we told waiter that one appetizer was cold and he did and said nothing.  Why ask then?  This place is off the list for us. Too many other good restaurants around South Philly.Dante & Luigis has been a family staple of mine for years. My husband even first met my parents here, possibly to see if he passed the "good eater" test. The food is all delicious and better than some of the food I've had in Rome and Venice. The service is wonderful as well. The fifth star is really just removed for the salads, which come with no dressing but oil and vinegar. Lettuce, tomato, and balsamic vinegar is something I can do better at home, and not worth filling up on when we have ciopinnos and lasagnas ahead. Otherwise, a sure thing.Oh man. This was some damn good Italian food. I opted for Gnocchi Romano and it was absolutely heavenly. The rosetta sauce is the stuff of dreams and the gnocchi was just the right texture. My friends were also thrilled with their food, especially E who ordered the special that night, a seafood pasta dish that was a real standout. I had an amazing chocolate cake for dessert too, but was too full to completely finish it. 
Our waiter was super friendly and helpful too. Great service! Prices aren't cheap, but they could be a lot worse for an Italian place. 
The only downside was that the wine list was only bottles (unless I misunderstood and they were just DAMN expensive individual glasses). I wouldn't have minded a glass of wine with my meal but certainly didn't want to down a bottle. 
One major perk: they offer a 5% discount off entire check when you pay with cash. Not bad.After flying in from Miami, we were super hungry and ready to eat some good Italian food. My MIL made our reservation here and we were impressed. At first they seemed a little stuffy for our liking, but they warmed up. The dining rooms are very cozy and decorated nicely. We started out with the ceasar salad and calamari and followed it with the tilapia coverd in capers and white wine sauce, which was the special of the day. Our dinners took awhile to get to our table due to some error by the kitchen, so the restaurant comped our desserts! The desserts were all made from scratch and were to die for. The chocolate molten cake was excellent! My MIL even took home some of their sauce. Excellent place to dine!I don't know if it was the food, the 20's jazz playing through their speakers, our waitress, or being in my old stompin' grounds again, but something about this place put me right at ease the second I walked in the door.   Like my City of Brotherly Love, the food at Dante and Luigi's was very straightforward and didn't try to be something it wasn't - what you saw was what you got, and therein I found the connection between American Italian and Italian Italian food.  Yes, there is a difference.
We were able to make a reservation for the two of us (yes, Hubby and I got a date night while Grandpa took care of Baby!) for 8:00 Saturday night.  Granted, it was Memorial Day weekend, but the place was still packed.  In the heart of South Philly - I made sure Hubby didn't don something that screamed "I'm a DC sports fan" that would land him in the bottom of the Schuylkill with a couple of lead boots.
We started with the sauted calamari, served with sauted tomato slices and escarole.   Fresh tomatoes may have been a better contrast against the smoky squid and the olive-oil-laden escarole, and the squid was just a touch over-done.
Entrees, Hubby enjoyed enjoyed their veal special with crabcake and provolone on top, and I ordered the rigatoni carbonara.  His had a heavy-sounding name, but boy, the flavor of the combination was amazing.  The sauce tasted sweet of a liquor reduction of the pan drippings - I was sopping it up with the bread they gave us.  My rigatoni, the sauce was really wonderfully creamy, different from the dryer variety found in Italy.  They used bacon instead of pancetta - this was a little detail that left me wondering, as the Italian market is but 2 blocks from the joint, but the flavor of the dish was still wonderful.
I dove into their Ricotta Cheesecake for dessert, and Hubby had the Italian Cream Cake with Rum.  The ricotta cheesecake lifted my heavy stomach - it was the lightest cheesecake I have ever had.  Hubby tried to deflect my eyes of intrigue, but in the end, in the interest of self-preservation, he caved, and I got to have some of his cake too.
Dante and Luigi's was quintessential Philadelphia - true, solid flavors, no masking, no frou, no pretense.  This meal opened up a whole discussion between Hubby and me, of the types of food we grew up with, him in DC, me in Philly.  We've come to realize with this meal that I've only started opening up his palate with Philly food, and that he is ready for more.What a Philadelphia Treaure
This place is like a time machine and the patrons seemed to come from central casting from a bad mafia movie.  If you are interested in people watching, this place is a treasure.  If you are interested in old school first class Italian food, without being pretensious, this place is for you.  
Amazing place.Excellent service and great pasta! I loved the Fettuccini with Spinach. The ambience was great and the accommodations for a big group was easily made. Would definitely recommend!Great authentic Italian meal! Definitely order the caprese as an starter. The fettuccini filetto was also delicious. went with a group and seemed that all entrees were top notch.The BEST meal I have ever had in my life!!! Rigatoni Carbonara and the Tiramisu. Oh and the balsamic with the bread- yum. 
This was a great restaurant and good service! I can't wait to be back in this amazing city!!Was there in n early October 2013.  First impression was good.  The owner was in the lobby to greet visitors, told me the hostess ( OK,  you fascist liberals, yell at me because I didn't use the politically correct word for "hostess" ) would be right with us and she was.  Very gracious lady, I did not have a reservation, but she seated me on a busy Saturday night.  The room we were seated in was beautiful.  Polished floors, white linens on the tables, very nicely done lighting on the perimeter of the room.  Great ambiance.  Old-school Italian elegance.  Service was absolutely phenomenal.  There were 3 people watching my table - server, busboy, another person to bring bread and water.  I'm all about service, if you've read my other reviews, and this place is EXEMPLARY.   Even if they had served me TastyKakes  and Twinkies, I would have given them a great review because of the service.  Now the food:  Had veal braciole. Absolutely  tasty beyond belief.  I got a portion of two bracioles, plus the pasta.  The salad was freshly made, came out very crisp.  No brown-edged lettuce in this place.  Portion size is good, I couldn't eat it all, had to leave some on the table, and I can eat.  A word about their gravy ( or "sauce" for you superior people from New York ).  This is a darker gravy, one that is cooked down for a long time.  It is not burned, it is just cooked longer and gets dark.  There's nothing wrong with it, it's just a different style of gravy.  It tasted really good.   Don't bother looking for a parking spot in this neighborhood, you'd have better luck trying to get a date with Sophia Vergara.  Use whatever valet service or parking lot is in the neighborhood.    Full bar service.  Which makes the Irishmen in the family very happy.  Hope you enjoy your visit. Very traditional southern Italian cooking, and I would say their menu is very consistent with what I used to see when I lived in  Naples.The waiter was incredibly knowledgeable and well versed when it came to the menu. Food was impeccable.Phenomenal food... One of the best fettuccine Alfredo I have had and the veal parmigiana was superb.This place is awesome. I have been going here for years and I am obsessed with the food at atmosphere there is nothing like it in the city. Only complaint is its cash only but "heyyyy whatchu gonna do about it" ! this place is a must!Mamma mia! The moment I laid eyes on this corner restaurant, I knew it was a gem - it looks like Tony Soprano is inside, eating, right now. I was not surprised to read about a mob shooting that took place here a few decades back. If that doesn't add to the authenticity, I don't know what does.
And it just got better. The room was mostly full, a small dining room with pictures on the mantle and good old tunes playing quietly beneath the pleasantly noisy conversations around us. And our meal was gorgeous, not to mention delicious - great mussels, great eggplant rollatini (I usually don't like eggplant), amazing manicotti and the most beautiful plate of seafood cioppino I've ever seen. We chose from an abundant wine list, and saved room for some of the best tiramisu I've tasted in a long time.
But the service - I might go as far as to say that this was the best, most perfectly timed service I've ever had. Our waiter, a middle-aged, mustachioed fellow, never offered his name, but he did time our plates perfectly, left us alone long enough to digest, and even combed our crumbs away. The busboys and water servers were all spot on, too. They really earn their money at this place.
This place was just stellar. I look forward to knowing them well enough to ask for the non-shooting section.I will first start by remarking on the portion sizes: My brother's lasagna was so big that it broke the plate. No, you read that right. His large plate literally split down the middle with a couple more breaks around it. We had half the staff come over to observe. The owner (I believe he was) stated that he had never seen this happen before. But he was extremely nice about it and even gave us the lasagna for free. My brother had only gotten two bites out of it before they whisked it away, but he stated multiple times that God himself would have loved it. The owner gave my brother two huge meatballs to eat in the time between cooking up another one, which was really thoughtful. The second lasagna was just a tiny bit smaller and supposedly not as tasty (we speculate that it was because they had to rush the cooking), but in all honesty, I tried a piece and it was so good that the first one must have been heaven on a plate.
All that being said, the food is really really good here. You do have to wait quite a bit for the food to come out (I think around 40 mins), but I think that's why the food is so good, so I have no problem waiting.  I had the ziti with broccoli rabe and sausage. Some places do broccoli rabe poorly and others do it really well. This is somewhere leaning towards the latter. I really liked my plate and all the other plates I tasted. The carbonara looked scrumptious and my sister in law said she loved it, so I'm glad I made a good nomination. My sisters fettuccini filetto was also really good and the filet mignon was tender and delicious. My dad really enjoyed his linguine with sausage and said that the sausage was perfect. I will say that my mother's chicken was a bit dry, but all the pasta dishes were cooked almost to perfection.
However, the service was a bit slow. Our waiter would be missing for long periods of time and we often had to get others to either refill our water, get bread or other needed items, or even go get our waiter. He was really nice when he was around, but that was not often. I had to take off one star for that. But, he did do fantastically regarding the cake we brought. It was my sister's birthday. He served it with a candle and then cut up nice slices that were decorated with chocolate sauce on the plate. That was the first time that has ever happened and it was really nice.
Overall this place is quite fantastic. I think it's perfect for an intimate date or a large party. The room we were in was a bit rowdy, but the other rooms looked quieter. Perfect restaurant for some good filling Italian food. I left here quite sure that I wouldn't need to eat for the next 2 days.My twin brother who is not even from Philly and lives in Baltimore was visiting and insisted we come here. I was SO PLEASANTLY SURPRISED. I do review on yelp but I look nothing up beforehand. Frank gave us the most impeccable service. Excellent recommendations, PERFECT service (seriously even compared to Michelin star restaurants). GO GO GO GO GO. It's amazing. Food and wine list independently award winning. Xoxo enjoyCame here w/ boyfriend and family from out of town, they wanted to experience Philly Italian food.  We were all delighted with it- quiet enough to have conversations, delicious food, and good service.  We had the broccoli rabe and cesar salad for appetizer- the rabe was delicious but the cesar dressing was a little mayo-y for me.  I had the carbonara vegetarian style and it was DELICIOUS, so rich and creamy, and other dishes ordered included the eggplant parm (huge and yummy) and the gnocchi (again gigantic and yummy).  Good comfort food.Yum...felt like I walked into my grandmothers house.  The gravy has chunks of garlic.  The tilapia was the best I've tasted.  Don't miss the fresh gnocchi.  Unbelievable...