My family was visiting Philly and was looking for a place for everyone to get something they wanted. This was the place!  Service was out of this world - waitress was warm and funny, and kept our water glasses filled.  Food came out hot!  Kids meals were huge, and our omelettes were as well. Perhaps cooked  a little too much in butter because they were a bit greasy. Overall, a good meal.As a life-long Philly resident, I've eaten in pretty much every diner in town and this one has to be the absolute worst.  The waitress was dippy and clueless.  It wasn't crowded (no wait to be seated) but it took 20 minutes for Sharon to take our order.  She brought our sodas right away but it was half an hour before our food arrived and it was horrible.  The only thing that arrived quickly was the check.  Two adults and two kids for lunch and the check was $60 before the tip!  Both boys ages 7 and 8 ordered from the kids menu which was way overpriced ($7 for a overcooked, dried-up (he ordered it medium) hamburger the size of a minute and soggy steak fries. Oh, and he ordered cheese on that burger and the slice of fake orange cheese cost an extra $2!  While we were waiting paitently for our food, we saw a constant stream of plates being returned by other servers to the kitchen and brought back at other tables near us--not a good sign.  I had the turkey club sandwich for $13 with very little shredded lunch meat turkey and several slices of cold, thick, undercooked, fatty bacon.  It did have lots of garbage on it to make it look like a big, thick sandwich--a ton or shreded lettuce, two unripe tomatos, avocado slices and literally a pinch of sprouts.  Of course, since it took so long to get our food the two slices of toasted bread were cold and soggy.  It came with the same crappy steak fries--clearly frozen, not fresh cut.  It's pretty hard to make a bad turkey club sandwich, but they did.  The last turkey club I had was a few months ago at McGillin's and it was a triple decker with plenty of fresh sliced roasted turkey and warm, cooked  bacon for like $9.  With the prices they charge at Darling's, the only repeat business I see them getting will be people with no taste buds who don't mind overpaying for crappy food and terrible service.Darling's is really cute and the outdoor seating option is great. However, the food was pretty unremarkable. Their marketing is charming and their location is great. Nonetheless, for Sunday brunch, it was nothing to write home about. I don't live or work close enough for it to be convenient for me, so I probably won't go back anytime soon.Wow! people are so hard on this place! It's not that bad.
If you gotta go to Darlings and you're not having breakfast or their most perfect key lime pie, try the ahi tuna appetizer or even a wrap paired with the very fresh spring mix salad.
Plus it's the best 24 hr spot in the no libs area.I must say,  I am rather surprised at how many Yelpers tore down this place for service and food;  I had quite the opposite experience.
I went here with dear friends who have only had positive experiences.  I admit,  I was skeptical,  given the reviews I read.  I am glad I trusted my friends' experience.
2 of us had dishes with ahi tuna (me - greek salad with the tuna as add-on) and it was a really decent salad.  Was it the very best I ever had ?  No.  AND, it was a totally pleasurable experience. 
The espresso ... smooth and silky and totally hit the mark being the coffee snob that I am !
And,  what is totally consistent with other Yelpers is the cheesecake.  The very best I have ever had.  Got the classic.  Perfect blend of fluffy and custardy and not too heavy.  What helped me make this choice was another server standing near the dessert case who very skillfully spoke about the differences in the types of cheesecakes -- which was beyond helpful in making my choice.
Our primary server was very attentive.
I would totally come back.Disappointing. 
This should be a home run - a retro-hipster diner in the Piazza, but we were underwhelmed. My wife's turkey burger was not good, down to the mealy tomatoes, and my short ribs were a little fatty and were not as flavorful as I'd hoped. Our waitress made minor errors with both our meals, but was otherwise attentive. Pricing was a little high, but that was to be expected, given the locale. 
All in all, I wanted this to be a great diner, and it doesn't come close. If I had to, I'd come back, but I don't think I'd choose to.Wish I had read some reviews before I went........
Went around 6:30 on Thursday night. There were 8 of us, 4 adults and 4 children. 3 of the children are on the Autism spectrum, but they're actually teenagers, freshmen in high school. The kids ordered first. After getting our beverages, we ordered. Nothing crazy, just burgers and sandwiches. The diner was basically empty and wow, it took forever to get our food! The kids food came first, probably 25 mins after ordering. Our food literally 20 mins later. One of the other moms stated that having been there a few times before, thought that the staff might include a few "stoners" which would definitely explain the wait. All in all, pricey and really not worth the wait. Not really a reason to go back when there are so many options in the area:-(!A nice diner with decent prices. I went there expecting to pay a little higher for food because it was new and in a up and coming area, but was very surprised with the bill.
The burgers are amazing. Cooked to order, they are lightly seasoned and topped with fresh veggies. Safe to say one of the better burgers I have had in a while.
My only complaint is the menu isn't very big. There is not a whole lot to choose from, but the food that is on the menu is very good.Always a favorite. Love their breakfast, they have something called the very adult hot chocolate. Really good especially on those cold winter days.I have to say this was one the worst dinning experiences I have ever had. I eat out at a lot of places and enjoy recommending new places to eat to friends and such, but I could never recommend that anyone ever eat here. I'm really displeased. Their soft opening was great, the $6 cheeseburgers were awesome. Sadly, the cheeseburger is now $11.
Examples;
- No free refills on your $1.75 soda
- Meals came out at different times. Two people received their food at least five minutes before me and when mine arrived it was cold.
- Waiter stood there and watched me fill in the tip and sign the check.
- Food is extremely expensive. $70 for 4 people.
- Food was pretty mediocre. My open-faced brisket dinner was without bread and tasted like roast beef at best. Worth maybe $9, not $18!
If anyone can find an email address for Darling's I'd like to send them a letter.Altogether a pleasant dining experience. I went with two friends on a Saturday night and the restaurant was surprisingly dead for dinner time, though snow may have had a say in that. The staff was courteous and greeted us the minute we walked in the door. 
Our server was very attentive and made sure we had everything we wanted. He asked all the right questions and made sure we were familiar with the menu before taking our orders. He did, however, get my friend's order slightly wrong, but nothing that ruined our experience or his meal.
The food, from what I could tell, was your standard diner fare. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap platter and my friend the chicken caesar wrap platter. Our other company ordered 2 eggs over-easy with hash browns and toast. Our wraps were decent, though for some reason no bleu cheese dressing was included in mine (the menu mentioned it). Both wraps came with a heaping portion of fries (perhaps a bit too many-- neither my friend or I finished ours). 
The overall atmosphere was clean and modern, though the lighting was a bit dim, especially for someone who likes to see what he's eating. I'd suggest this as a wonderful option for a quick meal. However, don't let the atmosphere of the place fool you. It's pretty much your run-of-the-mill diner, but your servers aren't middle-aged and sassy.Horrible wait times. Not services fault, we had to wait over an hour to get apps. We walked out but tipped our server. Kitchen on a Saturday at 6pm was way behind. Sounds like poor management. Avoid this place. Lots of other places around that have a better dining experience.This review is just off of service because I never got the opportunity to try the food.
 I went there today at lunch with a friend, and wanted to be seated outside. So, like the sign says, we went inside and asked the hostess for a table outside. She was on the phone placing a take out order, so we waited because that's not her fault, but when she got off the phone she sat us outside and we proceeded to wait for someone to come to out table for 30 minutes. When I went inside to say something (because no one had come to our table) a new lady standing at the hostess stand rudely asked me if i just sat myself or if I let the hostess seat us. No, I'm an idiot and didn't read the sign, grabbed some menus, and sat myself. That was enough for me, so we took our business elsewhere. If I had not said something (after watching the servers attend to tables sat after us) I imagine we would have been there all damn day. So my recommendation is just don't waste your time and find somewhere else to eat. No food can be that delicious that its worth dealing with being ignored and spoken to rudely.I came here after a night out in Philly, and the experience was just okay. My table and I just ordered water and it took a while for it to come to the table. The food also took a while, but that was understandable because it was busy. The thing that irritated me is that we were done with our food for a while and the waitress kept passing our table when we were trying to grab her attention so we could pay the bill and leave. Dont get me wrong the server was very nice and patient because it did take us a while to order food.It's the diner of choice. I'm doing breakfast food. I don't think you can screw that up. I had the tuna melt last time and that didn't go so well. Remember, momma said you can't eat out of everyone's kitchen.  Our server is Sinclair and he was really attentive.server was very nice. but the food was over priced and the portions were way too small for 'diner portions'Tough to say much that's positive about Darlings. Frankly, I am surprised that they have had such a lengthy stay at the Piazza.  The food is below average and unfriendly wait staff doesn't seem to want to work there any more than I want to eat there.  If you find yourself in Northern Liberties, look elsewhere for a satisfactory dining experience.I eat here because it's convenient. The food is decent but It's about 50-50 if the Order will come out right though. The service is casual, a little too casual. Sometimes it seems like you're waiting too long for someone to check in on you or bring you your check.  My two favorite things on the menu are the chili and the latkes.It's hard to figure Darling's out. It;s a nicely designed place in a hot restaurant district with nice service, but someone who makes culinary decisions in the place doesn't seem to have any respect food. 
Every open-faced hot turkey sandwich I've had in a Philly diner has used turkey slices with a thickness that only comes from a carved bird. Even if they didn't cook it in-house, the whole idea behind that sandwich is that it resembles that filling comfort food you have the day after Thanksgiving. Darling's turkey resembles thinly sliced packaged lunch meat with gravy. Seriously. Maybe 5 slices. I'm pretty sure it's not just a resemblance.
The white chocolate raspberry cheesecake was plated in a way that I guess was supposed to look fancy. Picture a large slice, surrounded and topped with 5 huge dollops of whipped cream - more whipped cream than cake by volume. It was drizzled with what tasted like the bottled liquid chocolate you thin out with milk to make a drink. 
Tell me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure most people opt for white chocolate because they're opting against dark chocolate. Well, I do at least. And that stuff is concentrated. Put it on something with a delicate flavor balance (say, something like white chocolate and raspberry) and you're dropping the curtain on the show before it begins. I gave it a try, but the only audible taste was Bosco.  After brushing away as much of the dark stuff as I could, there was a nice tasting cheesecake below. 
The harshest part of the meal was in realizing that I could have had a really nice meal in many other places in the neighborhood for the same price ($22 including tip, for the entree and dessert, no drink) 
So many lost opportunities Darling. You've got looks, and nice people on staff, but what really counts, just doesn't. 
Two stars because the food was edible (I save one star for places that have food poisoned me.)After the two recent times we've ordered from here, not even the chicken fingers and fries are a safe bet anymore.  They appear to have changed the chicken fingers they use and not in a good way.  The quality is certainly lacking.  Tonight, in addition to the sub-standard chicken fingers, the BLT that was ordered (and marked on the box as a BLT) ended up being a chicken breast, lettuce, and tomato sandwich, not a BLT at all.  The last time we ordered, a strawberry milkshake came as a vanilla milkshake (and at $6 was far, far from worth that price) and the cheeseburger ended up coming with no cheese and about 10 french fries.  Sorry, but for whoever owns this place, shame on you.  Do you not read the reviews and consistent complaints?  Do you even care?  Clearly not.  The only reason I can even fathom why you are still in business is the fact that you are open 24 hours and no other eating places are in this area.  I guess the taste buds of people who have been out drinking all night are dulled enough to tolerate this crap you serve.  I know I've been in that crowd and ordering from here sober a few times is an entirely different and eye opening experience.  This establishment should truly be ashamed of the sh*t, overpriced food they put out on a regular basis.OK so I get that it was Friday night and nice weather but it seems like they were not expecting any customers. Then to add that Apollinaire across the way was having an event, gave them more business. 
I asked if I could sit at the counter, which had 3 open seats, and the matrade said there was 25 min wait. I said for the counter I don't want to sit at the table cant i sit there (pointing to an open seat.) She rolled her eyes at me and said there is a 25 min wait I said, Really. I asked if I could have a drink for the bar while I wait and she claimed to have to get permission from her boss. Why doesn't the matrade know this info, WTH. 
After I walked off to talk to some friends I saw in the restaurant and came back, she acted like I didn't want an answer. So I asked her out loud what did your boss say. Another lady suddenly escorted me to the side. And I was tole sure come take a seat. 
Service was a little slow and the food was just OK. But if I hadn't walked off to talk to my friends. I would have been pissed and walked out of this establishment. They need a new matrade.Stopped in today for the first time. I tried to take a seat at the bar while waiting for a table and noticed that the bar area had not been bussed. A person behind the bar asked me if I needed something while waiting and I ordered a Bloody Mary and waited and waited some more.
After waiting even though there were empty tables pretty much throughout the restaurant I went use the ladies room. Filthy. 3 stalls, one with one broken handle and trash and bad smells. I should have ran at this point.
Returned back to table. Bloody Mary came finally. Barely mixed, loaded with horseradish that tasted horribly bitter. I decided to order a mimosa but my waitress had that "selective hearing" thing when she kept walking by the table and I tried to call her/ wave to her and I was invisible.
Ordered the huevos rancheros. While waiting noticed that the counter still had not been bussed even though various customers had gotten up and left trash and used glasses, dishes, etc. on the bar.
Huevos Rancheros arrived and the black beans were watery. The eggs were cooked properly and the sauce was average and somewhat spicey (perhaps the best thing I had). Ordered a side of turkey bacon that was cooked properly and average.
Finally got the waitresses attention and ordered a coffee. The coffee arrived, with various things attached to the lip of the cup (dried food) and the cup was covered in black streaks. 
Overpriced, dirty,with poor service. The bar area was not bussed as of the time I left. It's been 2 hours, I may stop back to see if they got to it.The only reason I gave this a 1 star is because I couldn't give it a 0. One of the worst experiences I had in a restaurant. Very expensive as well. I went with my gf for brunch. I got a $20 omelet which was served about 45 minutes after I ordered it and it was cold and really bad. We had very subpar bloody Mary's which were $10 a pop. Please don't go there. There are other really good restaurants right next to the place like el camino real and PYT.The place was pretty understaffed. Our waitress was nice but the food took forever and on top of that we were missing all our side dishes. My fiancé's omelette was cold, and for the price I paid for it my entree was tiny and underwhelming. We had to ask to have the sides knocked off because we never received them.
Not at all pleasant.I like this place, a lot. It's open 24 hours a day, and I'm pretty sure their whole menu is available at all hours. I had fried cheese with tomato sauce, coffee cake, and this beautiful dessert. For some reason I did not get that taste or presentation that sets them apart from the rest, but they're more than decent, especially when they're the only place open at 4am.I went here for breakfast/brunch with my girlfriend over Memorial Day weekend.  I am not sure if all of the issues we experienced were because they are still working out the bugs, but it was pretty bad.
For starters, we checked in at the hostess stand and were told that it would be a 20 minute wait, even though 80% of the tables were empty.  When I asked about sitting at the couunter, I was told that the 20 minute wait would still apply.  Undaunted, we walked around the Piazza and went back approximmately 20 minutes later.  We were promptly seated, but then had to wait another 5-10 minutes for a waitress to come and take our drink order.
The service did not pick up from there, so I will leave it at that.  When the food finally came out, the quality was somewhat mixed.  My omelette was pretty good, but the biscuits in my girlfriend's biscuits and gravy consisted of a toasted hamburger bun!  If they did not have biscuits, they should have said so when we ordered.  Instead we waited for 30 - 45 minutes for something that was not what she ordered or had expected.  
Some aditional notes:  We discovered that they do not give free refills on coffee when the couple behind us was ordering.  Also, they were out of normal napkins, so we were given brown paper towels that looked like they were pulled out of the dispenser in the restroom.  
On the plus side, the place appears very clean and the decor is nice.  Now if they can just get the service and food up to a level that matches the appearance and prices.....After debating where to go for brunch last Sunday (Silk City? North 3rd?) my gf and I decided to try something new. We came upon the much talked about Piazza and blindly decided to give Darling's a try.
The first thing that struck me was the sleek, retro-futuristic tone of the place (just go with me here). It had all the features of a real-deal classic diner in a bright, modern setting.
The first dish to catch my eye was the Hippster's Paradise, and I just knew I had to get it. Bananas, blueberries. peanut butter and chocolate on french toast... it couldn't get any better. A good cup of coffee and several appetizing strips of turkey bacon made the meal even better.
There are two things I need to try before potentially bumping Darling's to Five Star status- first is the epic-looking apple pie, and second is a milkshake; a great diner should be able to do both well. I look forward to trying Darling's again in the near future, hopefully on a warm day in order to try the outdoor setting.The only reason this place gets two stars is because it's open 24 hours and the other food options close by that are open 24 hours are the McDonald's drive thru and Trax.  If it weren't for that fact, I would never order from here and I'd honestly be shocked if the place were able to stay in business.  And if I'm being totally honest, the only time we ever order from here is when we've been drinking and get the munchies at 3 AM or when we're really hungover the next day and don't want to go out for brunch, as they deliver to the apartments at the Piazza.  With that being said, on to the food.  In my experience, it's best to stick to ordering the basics here, ie things that are hard to mess up.  Their sandwiches suck, with the exception of the grilled cheese (I like to order it with bacon).  Other than that, our go to drunk food of choice is always the chicken fingers with fries. It's a safe bet they are probably just frozen chicken fingers they throw in the fryer, but whatever, they taste good.  They do also have some decent fries.  And while most of their food is overpriced crap, they give you a pretty good portion of chicken and fries.  We've tried various sandwiches, burgers, oatmeal, waffle, salads, the pierogies, pie and I wouldn't order any of those items again.  On one particularly hungover morning a few months ago, the boyfriend suggested the Northern Liberties monster and I will say that as a hangover aid, it did the trick.  I may consider ordering it again, but probably only if I was suffering from a hangover.  Also, as others have said, the service is generally horrible.  Even when ordering takeout and receiving a tip for packing up the order, the wait staff acts as though they'd rather not be bothered with waiting on anyone.I came here for breakfast on Easter morning the restaurant was pulled apart, and kind of a mess. 
I ordered huevos rancheros and received three fried eggs covered in a weird salsa, a cup of black beans, and cut up flour tortilla. The black beans which normally I love, were disgusting and tasted like someone sprinkled splenda on them. The rest of the food was edible, but those beans were shockingly bad.  I had an okay fruit salad with my meal.
The waitstaff was great and friendly but the food was so bad I don't plan on coming back.Mediocre tasting food. Soups were served at room temperature. French onion soup was not worth finishing.  The motzerella wrap tasted okay but was again served at room temperature. Waiter was nice. 
Poor  management, manager was a middle age African American lady during our visit, whose name I am unable to remember. We acknowledge we were not getting the Groupon special because it was Sunday. However, as all groupon's work, the business is still responsible for the value we paid for the groupon even if we do not recieve the special. She refused to honor it, saying there was nothing she could do and groupon would not allow her to accept it during Sunday hours. Which was clearly a falsehood. Businesses seek to bring customers in and that was not this managers priority.
One of those places you would rather have never stepped into.Giving them stars is me being friendly... If I hadn't been drunk I wouldn't choose to come to this place. Horrible food and service. Food took a whole hr to come out. My omelet was cold. I'm pissedSome friends and I decided to venture out to Northern Liberties for brunch on a Sunday. Unsure of where to eat, we ended up deciding on Darlings. No one in the group had eaten at Darlings prior to this trip, but we had all heard many positive reviews of their food. 
The wait was not exceptionally long, however the maître D seemed to be very overwhelmed with seating, while many tables went unoccupied. After sitting down, we waited about 10 min before seeing our server. He greeted us and let us know that the kitchen was extremely backed-up. Our drinks were brought out quickly and we placed our order. 
I ordered one of their specialty short stacks to start, which would then be followed by an order of Huevos Rancheros. With the state of affairs in the kitchen, the wait was easily over 45 minutes and resulted in my pancake order never arriving. Confusion abounded regarding the backup, since the restaurant did not seem to be extremely busy. But not a huge issue, we gladly filled the time chatting and enjoying each others' company.
Finally our food arrived. Without a modicum of presentation, it seemed we'd be fighting an uphill battle from the start. Their take on Huevos Rancheros was forgettable. Perhaps it was the triangular cuts of tortillas seemingly put directly from packaging onto the plate, or the luke-warm black beans served on the side which made the meal not only look unappealing, but taste as such. 
As for the others in my party, there seemed to be a theme of malcontent that stemmed from high expectations being crushed by the reality of a cheap diner quality meal. 
Perhaps we caught them on a bad day, but the experience has left me wholly unimpressed. 2 out of 5. Maybe we will try again in the future.So I've never been to the Piazza before (I know, how is that possible? I said the same thing) so maybe I was caught up in the modern awesomeness of the space, or maybe motivated by the farmers market that I was looking to get to after eating, but I had an awesome time at Darling's. We were there for brunch, and I'd definitely like to go back and see how they do with other meals and repeat performances. 
My boyfriend got the hippster paradise french toast, and that was basically the most amazing french I've had in the city lately. I ordered the special smoked salmon omelet. While mine was not paradise like the bf's it was still good. Unfortunately, the chef decided to not prepare mine as advertised, but I was quite happy to have a reason to eat the HP (which is totally large enough for sharing). I asked my waitress for onions to eat along with my salmon omelet and a bagel, and I took it home to eat the following day for breakfast. So no loss really, 2 meals for the price of one is always a good deal in my book.
Other than the food, I love the look of this place, all high ceilings and interesting light fixtures and facades. I will definitely be returning here in the future. My waitress had a bunch of tables and was definitely a bit frazzled, and I think when I told her my omelet wasn't as advertised she got scared it was going to affect her tip, but really she didn't cook it, and I wasn't upset, so she shouldn't have gotten so worried. Anyhow, like I said, definitely a good time, and definitely a decent enough meal to try it again in the future and see how it stands up!I was in Philly, from Texas, visiting a friend and she took us here for dinner.  The food was wonderful.  I had the Veggie burger and fries which was really good.  We also tried some macaroni and cheese that was simply amazing.  For dessert--- Banana's Foster cheesecake.  Do not pass go, do not collect $200 until you eat this cheesecake. It is simply to die for.  It was the best dessert I have ever had, and the espresso was lovely.  The atmosphere was great and the the staff could not have been any nicer. I would go back in a second, and will when I return to the city of Brotherly Love.Last night we went to Darlings to get carry-out beer.  We thought two 6-packs of corona would be good, when she rang us up it came to $41.  I hate this place so much and can't wait until they close down.  YOUR DINER IS HORRIBLE!My friend raved about this spot, so I knew I wanted to try it out myself. After a Juicy burger from Sketch, my buddy & I, walked over here to get some dessert , walk off our dinner. It was such nice night, we decided to eat outside. Requested the Dessert menu, she got Chocolate mousse cake, & I got Key lime .OMG!! My key lime was trat, not overly sweet, loved it!!!! She loved hers, as I noticed it was devoured withing minutes, here I still had 3/4 of mine left. She got good cup coffee too. What Great end to night, hang out, catch up-& our waitress was quite personable!! Definite return!!!I absolutely HATEEEEEEEEE this place! So many stories none of them good, but the last time I set foot in that spot I was there for a hr. sitting at the counter and never received any food. This place is  a joke and how they keep there doors open Ill never know. If your desperate go there if you have other options I advise you do so!Got a livingsocial deal for this place so I decided to check it out despite the bad reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. First off, our service was great, we were seated immediately and our waitress was over very quick to get our drinks. She never let our water get more than half way empty before refilling it and checked on us several times throughout the meal. 
I went with the North Liberties Monster sandwich, which as the title suggests was very big. But it was delicious, even if I had to eat it with a fork and knife because I couldn't get my mouth around it! My girlfriend got the breakfast burrito which was a little smaller than expected but still not half bad. 
I didn't read the livingsocial fine print and it turns out it wasn't applicable to "brunch hours" on weekends, which it clearly states, although I think its kind of weird to have that kind of restriction, but oh well I have no problem going back.I can mostly echo the issues others have had. Why is the coffee so bad? And why the Por-shun Pak creamers? Came here for brunch with my spouse and her workmate. I asked for dry toast and it came wet (and I do mean wet) with something that I'm pretty sure wasn't butter. Santa Fe omelette - competent but uninspired -- melty stringy Jack cheese was probably not the right choice. The server was pleasant enough but seemed distracted. There are too many other good options in the locale for this to rate more than 2*.i got the cheesecake stuffed french toast. literally a piece of cheesecake between two pieces of french toast. delish! their fountain soda was also good.
their scrambled eggs tasted like plastic. weird and gross.
my friend said the hash was good.
our service was pretty attentive. we got there about 11 on a sunday morning. it filled up really fast after that though.This has got to be one of the worst dinning experiences ever. Stopped for lunch with my family. Party of 6. Seated promptly, then all down hill from there. 
Waited almost 10 minutes for the waiter. Then another 10 minutes for him to deliver beverages. Food didn't arrive until almost 40 minutes after it was ordered. Plates so hot from sitting under the lamps that the runner had to put a towel over his arm. Veg on plate of wings was hot and wilted. Two plates not even delivered for another 10 minutes. 
Asked to speak to manager. She was curt. When my autistic son blurted out that there was no cheese on his burger she admonished him and shot back that she wasn't our server and that he shouldn't be disrespectful to her.
Hard to judge the food since it sat cooking under heat lamps for so long basically cooking cooking it twice. 
No apology for the terrible service to top it all off. Stay away.
Update: nothing taken off check AND THEY ADDED ON A $17.20 TIP! Then blamed us for terrible service saying we ordered too many burgers at one time (4)! The manager is rude, disrespectful and has no tolerance for people with special needs.I live in the neighborhood and I've been here twice. First time, it was late at night (props for being open late) and I didn't eat but was with a group who did. Second, I went and had coffee and cheesecake one afternoon and read outside.
The first time, people seemed to like their meal well enough. They got mostly sides and it was late, after lots of beers at North Bowl. Hard to screw up. 
Second time, the cheesecake and coffee time, I sat outside on the patio which was nice. Although, I don't think I'll ever get over the hideous piazza buildings (really what were they thinking?!). That aside, the space below is beautiful and has fantastic people watching.
The cheesecake however was actually disgusting. I got the original and I'm no connoisseur but I know that this was either old, a bad batch, or just downright a terrible recipe. 
I can't attest to their other food, but I'm hopeful if they are a "cheesecake diner" they can get to work on that.The service is slow and the food here is mediocre, even when you're drunk at 3 am on Halloween.   Then again, at that hour it's pretty much the only game in town.    
I had the cheeseburger... it was a little dry and the fries were soggy.   
That said, it still kind of hits the spot late at night.  If you're looking for breakfast at a decent hour, though, I'd keep walking.Bad food and terrible service.  I have never had a good experience here.I think I've started a review like this many times before, but here it goes again:
I don't know why this place is getting such bad reviews.  I think I had the most delicious pierogis I've ever had, and a delightful turkey dinner.  I don't mean to be rude either, but also a bangin' waitress to boot.  If I were a male, I would be more than pleased with my environment.  In reality, I am a woman so I was more smitten with the kitchey decor. 
On a serious note,  I'm pretty sure the prices have been lowered from when they first opened, so give it another chance. My boyfriend and I dined 2 entrees and an appetizer for $30.Hit or Miss.
Don't go there and expect anything ravishing. You normally won't get it. Occasionally you will have beautiful service and quick food delivery.  But only on the weekdays!
Let me give you a run-down of a typical weekend night there.
Go in late, wait a half-hour on the weekends, get seated, don't get approached for 20 minutes, get approached, take only your drinks, 10 minutes for drink, sometimes an hour for food which half is cold already. It's been sitting in the window waiting for your belgian waffle which is piping hot and should normally only take 2 minutes. 
However, Cheesecakes-delicious, waffles-delicious, french toast-delicious, chicken fingers? surprisingly delicious. 
Irish coffees are $9! redic. I always go back though, I always go back. Not sure what it is. Only half-decent place that serves food after 1am? Probably.I went to Darling's after a night out with friends. I had already eaten so all I ordered was the sweet potato fries which were delicious.Where is Kitchen Nightmares when you need them. After waiting a bit for a table at el camino we decided to go to Darling cause there weren't many people in there and we were hungry. Big mistake. When this place 1st opened it was clean, the staff was polite and speedy and had reasonably decent  food but still overpriced for what you got. I tried it a few times over the years so I noticed the steady decline. This time I went it was at rock bottom. We ordered the half moon fried mozzarella to share, nothing different than your corner pizza shop for 2ce the money. The potato skins were $9 and tasted like shoes. The busgirl (I assume) kept coming over to our table to take the plates away even though we still had food on the plate. For soup 2 apps and 1 entrée it cost us $50. after we got the bill I was pissed at myself for not sending it back but reading other peoples reviews I see that that would have been pointless. The menu hasn't changed in 5 yrs and for a large menu there are not many options for vegetarians. My advise, if its late ur hungry and want reasonably priced diner food its worth the trip to go to the Oregon DinerI could write a novella about how awful the service here was, but I've already wasted over two hours of my Sunday here just to get the lousiest huevos rancheros I've had in a long time. I will just say this: it is so bad it made my girlfriend cry.
Nasty hostess, oblivious management. I saw two other tables leave before ordering out of frustration while we contemplated doing the same. I've already wasted too much time on this review. I will never go back. Seriously, did I mention the service was so bad and mean and nasty my girlfriend cried? Awful. Just awful.I was at the Brooklyn Flea market and decided to give it a shot for brunch.
The menu is ok - hardly anything exciting. Your usual bagel and egg platters, sandwiches, appetizers and then some specialties. I got the 2 eggs with toast, turkey sausage and home fries. They turkey sausage were pretty good, but the two tiny toasts looked pretty abysmal. Eggs were quite bland but I do like the brand of Sriracha they carried that came to my rescue. 
Service was good, our server was attentive and checked up on us as needed. They really however desperately need to work on their food.Pricey for a diner, but having been raised in Jersey my diner standards are high. The menu is okay - the hummus appetizer is bangin', though. Not a great beer selection - nothing new or surprising, but it seems like they're trying to sell you on the fact that they have alcohol, not that they have a good selection of alcohol. I ordered a Coronorita because I'd never had one and it came with a little serape, which was p much the highlight of my Darling's experience.
If you want to eat food and drink beer in the middle of the night, you're set. If you want to eat good food and drink good beer at a time that is not 2 AM, go elsewhere.Hands down the absolute BEST cheesecake in Philadelphia.  The bananas foster cheesecake is fantastic.  The recently added key lime cheesecake is even better.  I do not like banana flavored desserts, but the bananas foster cheesecake does not have a strong banana taste.  However, the rest of the food and cheesecakes are not that great.  Also, the service is not great.  Very very slow and inefficient.  
*EDIT: Now they charge an extra $1 for take-out, even for cheesecake.  I do not return for the take-out cheesecake anymore.Portions for this place is tremendous. I was super hungry when I came so I was able to eat the whole plate (I think I even ate the plate!) but on any other day I wouldn't have been able to finish all the food. It's a very upscale diner. I don't know how that works but it works. Very good food, hip vibe, lively ambience, and SUPERB service. My new favorite spot every time I come to Philly, after stopping by Pat's first of course.Tremendously ok. 
Had breakfast/brunch here a few times, so use this review for that purpose. 
The menu is diner-centric standards with a little (stress little) edginess. Sliced almonds here, Texas toast there- you get the point. I had the Creamed Chipped Beef today. It did the job. A little salty, but better portions than more hoipolio joints. 
The service kinda sucked. Just there, and sort of snarled when I asked for change for a 20. Actually, I was turned down the first time only to have a second server accommodate my seemingly innocuous request. 
Prices were a little high. A lot high, maybe. 
I'd go back, and you could do worse. But if you can, just go to a Full Plate for breakfast.Been to Darling's about 4-5 times - let's just say it is much better at 3am than 12pm on a Sunday for brunch.  I have had omlettes, pierogies, chili, hashbrowns, chicken sandwich, reuben and probably a few other things.  I have to say the chili was great- has both ground beef and sausage slices in it which was a nice touch and the chipolte sour cream great addition.  Omlettes are huge but the fillings are simply sandwiched in between the omlette not cooked in- which is not for me.  Potatoes usually come out soggy and cold which is unfortunate.  I will most likely be back for late night libations and food but not for meals while sober.I took my boyfriend and our friend visiting from Greece to Darling's for brunch on Saturday and I must say, despite the poor reviews, we really have no complaints. Our pretty blonde waitress was nice and professional. I was alittle worried about what vegetarian options I would find at a diner, but our waitress, who was also a vegitarian, recommended the fresh Mozzarella Sandwich on berry wheat...yummy yum! She also recommended the home made balsamic vinaigrette dressing for the salad and to use it as a dip for the sandwich!!! It was so good I made her get me more balsamic!!! My boyfriend and friend also enjoyed their lunches and we were awesomely full. Our waitress tried her best to get us to try their award-winning delicious cheesecakes but we were too full to even contemplate one bite.....but Chai latte cheesecake??? We will definitely be back for you soon! The only issue we had was the long wait for hightop table and the noisy crowd , but we were told that it is typically very busy during weekend brunches so I guess if you have important conversation then avoid the weekends. Oh and the bathroom's....I understand you were very very busy my Darling's...but please keep up with the cleaning. ThanksSitting at Darlings right now finishing my late lunch / early dinner with a groupon. The Mac cheese was delish. The wings had just the right amount of crisp and sweetness to them. My husband's blt had tons of bacon and he loves bacon. To top it off Diane, our server was the best. She knows everything there is to know about their menu and guided us in the right direction. We'll be back!For late night grub, Darling's Cafe delivers. On a weekday, after 10, we were in search of a restaurant that had food without the hype and bar scene. I was hesitant to come here because it didn't get great reviews and there are so many other piazza restaurants. But the portions are generous, the seating is comfortable, and the service was great!
I was craving a turkey melt, which they made by special order for me. The chicken quesadilla platter was big and could be shared as an app among 3-4 people. It's so big it practically overflows from the plate. I wasn't a huge fan of the chop chop salad, solely because I was expecting a chopped salad.  But it was large and I ran out of room for their famous cheesecake, which is probably a good thing. 
I didn't get a good look at the beverage list, but it seems like the right place for a milkshake or float, though I imagine the nearby competition from PYT is the reason this diner isn't packed. 
Would definitely come back for late night eats without the noise. BYOB!First time eating here it was pretty good, I have no complaints, the staff were very friendly and the food was pretty good...I'll have to come here again and see if it loses a star....lol.I realize that 5 stars may seem high - as it's really more of a 3-4 star place but our experience for dessert tonight was way above and beyond our expectations.
After a fairly LOUSY meal at El Camino across the way, we came over just to check out this new "retro-style" diner.  As we could not see any signage we came in and chatted a long while with the adorable, friendly hostess who said that this is "Darling's".
"Darling's"?  I asked.  As in the 20th street and the the other little tiny cute cheesecake makin' Darling's?
Yup.
Wow.  I am blown away - this looks NOTHING like the other two Darlings.  The place is huge.  And immaculately clean.  And Airy  And fabulous.  And the cheesecakes and slammin' Mac 'n cheese are on the menu.  (Con't miss the Bananas Foster Cheesecake.)
And I got quite a caffeine buzz from my STRONG and tasty iced latte.
Went well with the chocolate chip muffin style pound cake.  (Try heating it up, guys!) Yum!
To top it off the Owner came out to chat for a bit and was so kind to us.
Can't wait to come hear with my kid!  She will love it.
I wish them all the best and hope they make it.  There are some pretty bad reviews on here - but to me this place whipped the pants off of El Camino. (Service wise - can't comment on the food - but the desserts at Darling's are really AWE inspiring.)
Go to Darling's!!!!!  Any one of them.Darlings diner is a great place but easy to miss! 
So much is going on in 'NoLibs' so it's easy to drive past it- but don't! It's too good to pass up. 
The "Darling's" name is famous for cheesecake. So you know the cheesecake will be amazing. But the food too is amazing- especially the soup!  I'm a big soup fan. So I always get my soup when I'm there and never been disappointed.
Every once in a while, the owner hosts a 'paint nite' which is a ton of fun too. The owner is extremely down to earth also. He's very in tune with his businesses- it's incredible. He's one of those who doesn't forget where he came from- if you know what I mean. He still gets in the kitchen and makes the cakes and all of that. He knows all of his employees by name and is always in his establishments making sure everyone is enjoying their meals. What an incredible owner!  Oh and he's pretty cute too. That doesn't hurt :-)I love coming here after a night of partying. This place is usually loud and crowded. They are always open , the food is delicious and I always run into friends. The cheese grits and the perogies are excellent.There are a few things I enjoyed here. 1) it's open 24 hours 2) it serves everything 24 hours a day - drinks, breakfast, dinner, dessert, etc 3) they had quite a French toast, and it was good. 
It was 1am, and no other restaurant is open for a snack or dessert. We saw this place open and decided to drop in. To our surprise, it has a full bar and we had to keep our buzz going - We went with the Sangrias. What happens when I drink is that I have the urge to snack. We ordered a breakfast platter, French Toast, and a Guava Cheesecake. The Breakfast wasn't all that great, we asked for our eggs to be over medium, it was pretty much dry, we had to send it back only to receive it sunny side. Eh, what can you expect. The toast came and it was big... and I mean big. I thought it would be dry, with it being such a big slice, but that was not the case. It was pretty awesome - but maybe it was the drinks talking... which may I add was quiet strong. The cheesecake was good too, and different. it's not often you get to see a Berry Cuvee with Guave Cheesecake. 
Will definitely come in and try others again.Breakfast was ok.  Homefries were half undercooked and half overcooked on top of sitting around for an hour (it seemed).  Ham steak a little on the crispy side.  My girlfriend had the blueberry pancakes, those were pretty rockin good.  Also like the carafe of coffee at the table, you don't see that much anymore.  Good service as well.Parking situation in this area. Do not park in parking where Pathmark is being built. They will tow your car. Be warned.We had a good breakfast here. Loved the Belgian waffle and veggie omelet! They had good oj and coffee. Give it a try if you're in the northern liberties aria.The decor is great, but the food is very average. I ordered the gyro with cole slaw. The gyro was so tiny it looked like an appetizer. The cole slaw was the worst I have ever had. I couldn't figure out if it was bad or just pickled. Either way, it was not good. 
   All the people with me felt the same way. Very average food at a higher price.wish someone warned me
don't order the veggie burger 
the patty is 99.9% rice
unless you enjoy eating a rice burger 
and it's $11I love the location, the food and the atmosphere but I simply can't go back due to the consistently bad service. When I last went it was for Sunday brunch. We walked in and the place was busy and the manager was just sitting around not helping at all as people sat waiting for refills on drinks, checks, etc. We should have left when we saw this as it took us an hour to get most of our food and another half hour for our last friend to get his. Mind you there were only 3 of us, the last meal was French toast and we sat for long periods of time with empty classes. 
Long story short: stay away unless you want to be very frustrated as this has been my experience every time I have been there. They need to do some serious changes before I go back as there are plenty of other places in the area to go. Too bad as it has huge potential but not even close to being worth it.With the exception of the friendly owner, this place is just average. Possibly even below average. I was considerably intoxicated while dining here (hey, it was a post-booze diner food binge) so I might not remember a whole lot. I sort of have visions of a clean bathroom but, you know, I could be imagining that, too.
The menu was very limited but it included the basic diner fare (eggs, blah blah, eggs, etc.) so I figured we'd survive. My eggs were okay, not too runny, not over done. My boyfriend said his omelet was just okay, too. I can't even remember what my other friend ate (again, blame tequila). Our server was friendly enough but the place was kind of empty and it just didn't have the authentic diner vibe for which they attempt to be going. Meh, I don't know. Something seemed off, like this place was trying a little too hard. But yet, not enough.
I probably won't come back here, mainly because I could simply go to a real diner and eat the same quality stuff for slightly less money.
This review was kind of weak, I know, but I guess that sums up how I felt about this place altogether. Ah well, better luck next time.Ugh. This place finally pushed me over the edge and inspired me to make a Yelp account. 
The drive home seemed to take forever. No gum, no mints, no tea tree oil toothpicks. I probably would have swished some rubbing alcohol around in my mouth if I had it. I finally made it home, brushed my teeth and listerened and still can't get the taste out of my mouth.
I ordered the Santa Fe Omelet. It came with big soggy potatoes, that were probably cooked first thing this morning (I ate there @ 3pm) and were cold on the inside. Wheat "toast" that you could ring out like a sponge. The omelet consisted of the most un-peppery pepper jack cheese I've ever tasted, soggy red bell peppers, and something that was supposed to be sausage (I'll get back to you if I ever figure out what it actually was)
No love in the food and the cheapest possible ingredients. Major point loss when a diner can't even splurge on crappy Smucker's jelly and gives you Chef's choice instead. 
The waitress never came back to refill my $2.25 cup of lousy diner coffee. When she asked how everything was she was walking away before I could even finish telling her what I thought.
I choked down the food, but now realize my foolishness.  I should have sent it back and left.  I feel so gross...Waitress is super nice and attentive. She's really upbeat and really refreshing. Not crowded for a Friday night. Food came out in a reasonable amount time ad warm.Waited 30 minutes to get our bland sandwich. In that time I noticed how dirty the place was. The sandwich was over $10. Service was crappy. Place is dirty. Enough ?We went to Darling's last night after a horribly disappointing attempt to have dinner a A Full Plate.  We weren't in the mood for a loud bar-type atmosphere(or 30 minute wait), and Darling's looked like it would fit the bill.  We were almost immediately greeted and seated by a very friendly waiter.  We had drinks within minutes.  Being one of the first warm evenings of the year, we chose to sit outside.  After a few minutes though, we decided it was to chilly.  The waiter was happy to let us relocate inside.
Darling's is basically your standard diner, but immaculately clean.  Our waiter was awesome.  The menu was pretty boring, but we weren't exactly in the mood for something gourmet at that point.  The ingredients seemed fresh, and our omelets were rather tasty.  The coffee was pretty good, not too strong.  The home fries were great!  I do think the price was a little high, $10 for the omelet with toast and home fries.
Sadly, we were to stuff to try the yummy looking deserts.  There was a pretty large selection and it made me want to try everything!
If the menu here was more inspiring and original, I would definitely give Darling's 5 stars.Very first time, and the food over all was good! I ordered the classic eggs Benedict downside to that the over cooked my egg. However the hollandaise was really good taste house made. I also had the grits those where a hit along with the bacon!!!! 
The new owner/partner came and apologized for the over cooked egg and comped it! That was great service! Our witness Leah, was super nice great attitude. 
This is a place a would definitely recommend and return to.Ordered a breakfast burrito for $12 and asked for a substitution to be made. Wouldn't be an issue if they were made fresh. Only they're not. Terrible burrito. Not even close to worth the money. Service was friendly but food not worth it.I like the fact that this is a 24 hour cheesecake joint, and they have some good french toast as well. I'm sure that there are plenty of other places that serve these items better but I'm also sure that at 4am, many of them are closed.Finally got around to being underwhelmed here, for brunch, with some friends today.
The place looks cool but the rest doesn't seem to match.  I didn't want to be a snob, but this place makes me feel like one. I can forgive the menu's design, or lack of.  However, the first points deducted were the result of boring content.  Unlike some of my favorite brunch spots in the city, this place doesn't seduce me with descriptions.  Nothing gets me salivating here.  There were 3 standard omelets listed, the kind that are at every diner in ever town.  Additionally, if I have to "make my own" you lose my attention (how boring) and  I get bitter.  You're supposed to do that for me!  The items listed for building your own omelet are standard boring items.  None of the things I find special at the other places I frequent. 
Since just about every menu item is preceded with the branding: "Darling's"  I'm thinking you weren't being charged by the word, yet you do not describe most of your items.  Why would I want "French toast" - why not tell me WHY I should want yours?  Like, what's it made from? what do you serve it with?  When I see it plainly listed with the words "French Toast" I think, frozen breakfast treats.
After looking at the menu for a while, I lost interest in even asking about things.  I went with what is probably safe enough for a hungry guy that made it that far into the late morning only on a mere cookie (don't tell my mom).  I ordered the Greek Omelet.  It was OK; not bad.  The toast was supposed to be rye but it was that supermarket white shaped-like-rye bread and it was barely toasted.  Actually it wasn't toasted, maybe just the crust was a little.  Then, MY BIGGEST GRIPE (here it comes) ... the coffee was WEAK.  Our itemized bill claimed it to be La Colombe Coffee, but Ive never had such weak diner coffee that claimed that brand.  I could've been at a diner that charged half that for a cup of brown water.   . 
I'm glad I tried this place.  I never have to again.  Sometimes you need such reminders of why you wait outside of Honey's and Sabrina's.  They seduce you with their menu for about the same price, without skimping on coffee.
PS: to be fair , I did not try their famous cheesecake but since I'm a coffee snob, I doubt I'll be back.OK, this update is probably long overdue.  Despite my initial poor impression, I ventured back a few months after my original posting, mainly because I had some friends in from out of town and they happened to wander into Darling's after the bars closed.  Since then I have been back many times.  
They have really straightened out a lot of the issues I experienced on my first visit.  For starters, they now have free refills on coffee and the service has improved about 2000%.  The staff is very friendly and I have sat at the counter on several occasions and been given the remote to put whatever I wanted on the TV.
When I originally moved to No Libs, I was shocked that there weren't any late night dining options in the neighborhood, but Darling's has adapted to fill that void.  There are still many better options for normal dining hours, but if the go-to spots are too packed, this has become a viable alternative.It's closed now and I was very sad. Been going there for years. Most recently it was hit or miss but I will miss many things from Caesar salad, calamari fries, pasta, wings and more. So long Darling's!