The staff's customer service was amazing. I don't don't think my water glass ever made it below half way filled. They were always right there and very attentive. My food was great, but my boyfriend said his side dish seemed to have been sitting under the hot lamp for awhile. They also wrote my name on my dessert for my birthday which was nice. I'd go back!Had a great dining experience at Davio's. The service was unbelievable and the staff had went above and beyond to serve us. Not to mention our food was excellent!Went there on a Friday night for our daughters 21st Birthday.  Well this is certainly a special occasion place but really could go there for a happy hour as well.  Wine and beer under 5 dollars to start at the bar which has nice seating area where you can relax.  The restaurant is beautiful classic downtown Philadelphia, high ceilings and columns bring out the old American charm.  Service was impeccable, when a plate was finished it wasn't more than a minute before it was whisked away by the staff.  Waitor was extremely friendly.  Menu is extensive.  Everything from homemade pasta to prime steaks.  The popovers that made up the bread basket were a delicious touch.  The crispy chicken livers were delicious, there was enough for a meal or two people.  This is a place I would strongly recommend and not just for a special occasion, but also when you just need to be served well in old Philadelphia style.Davios is the place I come to when I need to have the a true solid meal. Period. This is a place to feel at home and become relaxed after a long day.
When I come to the bar for a glass of wine I am greeted by IMO the best bartender in Philadelphia.
He greets me with a smile that makes me wake up from the coma of life on a dreary winter day.
His hello can make a monk come alive.
Chuck will make you feel like this bar is yours . 
I'm not getting into this appetizer or that entree because Davios is just a really nice place to take your date, friend, mom or dad for a meal that isn't going to dissapoint. They have terrific steaks and their pastas are very good, especially the angel hair, nice sauce slightly spicy and not too sweet like so many others.
They have a happy hour as so many do now with terrific pizza and eggrolls filled with steak and cheese .
And as far as service, well I've read the reviews and as far as I'm concerned the service has always been very good. If I need something I simply ask for it. It's not that big a deal to ask once.
Twice is another story. This place has been on spot with service. 
Never had to ask twice.
Food- 4stars- very good food-solid
Ambiance-4.5stars- high ceilings, soft lights, golden walls-very lovely
Service-4 stars-they're warm and friendly and not too stuffyBeautiful, elegant room with high ceilings and large windows. Good special occasion place.
Extensive menu with something for everyone. You can have a small meal or a long, multiple course meal. 
The bread popovers were addictive.
We had the fresh burrata salad and wished we'd ordered two! 
All pastas are fresh and taste it. We had the 1/2 order of Truffle Mushroom Gnocchi and Three meat Carbonara. Both were outstanding. Incredible favor and light, fresh pasta.
Great wine list and knowledge servers but seemed understaffed or too many tables.
But don't get in a hurry. Plan on about 2 1/2 hours. We had a movie and didn't allow enough time.
Would recommend and return.
A man named AJ, was a real treat! He was so helpful and joyous. We enjoyed him very much.Ambiance is amazing, service impecable, kitchen sloppy.  Found an avocado stem in my tuna tartar and my creme brûlée was watery, bucatini amatriciana is average, lobster a tad over cooked.  Not going back. There's better food in Philadelphia.HORRIBLE. Where do I begin? We sat down and it took at least 5 minutes for someone to greet us. The staff was inattentive, rude and had no knowledge of the menu. The cocktail that I received was sugary that I might as well have ordered a soda because there was no taste of liquor whatsoever. The bread was not hot and the dips were watery. I ordered the filet mignon, thinking it would make up for the beginning of the dinner experience. It was overcooked, so the kitchen made me a new one. The manager who came over to our table with my new filet was plain rude. He had a British accent with no sincerity towards my guest and I. For dessert, I got the creme burlee, it was the only decent part of my experience at Davio's. If you want to go to a REAL Italian restaurant with a respectable staff and management, DON'T go there.Weather outside was extremely cold (no surprise this time of year) and was told the food in Davio's was good. It's located inside the Club Quarters hotel. I ordered the Fusilli w/ shrimp, pesto and pine nuts from room service.
It came quickly and was delivered by this delightfully quirky young man. He was in the hallway waiting while I was signing the check. While waiting he asked questions about my length of stay, where I was from, etc however when I answered he paced the hallway and would disappear when I was answering. Then he'd reappear in the doorway again. This happened a couple times. I think he was so full of energy he couldn't stay still. Funny thing is my co-worker got room service also and asked if it was delivered by the same man.
My pasta dish was just what I needed for the day! The pesto was more of a pesto cream sauce, fusilli done al dente (perfect). What can I say, can't go wrong with succulent shrimp...I was in comfort food heaven!!!The food and service was incredible! Never been to a restaurant with such high standards to their service. Definitely will be going back in the future.This either is or isn't your kinda of place. Mostly I would say that depends on who is picking up the check,  Service is impeccable, must have had 9 different people doing something at our table.  If you found it too troubling to scratch you own nose, I suspect they would have staff to do this for you.  The AMBIENCE is OPULENT.....that could be my whole review.  But on to the food.  (Spoiler alert: it's in you mouth for about 30 seconds and you're shitting it out about 24 hours later) It's very good...but worth this price??? Not to me.  The assorted spring roll app tasted like most other places. The fried calamari was again deep fried like every other place.  I had the veal( $38) it was good not memorable. The WINE list is EXTENSIVE and EXPENSIVE....that could be the rest of my review.  If ya wanna impress someone with a really swanky place and expensive food, yes this place is good. If ya got a little more game and you're savvy, you can do just as well elsewhere for a lot less.I came here for the first time last Friday night. After walking into the lobby of the building, you have to take an elevator up to the second floor. Once you exit the elevator you are greeted by a wide open space with a long bar to your right and some small tables and leather chairs to your left. We were seated immediately for our 8:15 reservation. Most tables were occupied, but there were a few open. We tried the fried calamari, Philly cheesesteak spring roll, and Kobe meatballs as appetizers. The Philly spring rolls were by far the best. The calamari was greasy, and the breading wasn't very flavorful. I was expecting much more from an Italian steakhouse. The meatball was average. I will say that their marinara sauce was excellent. It was not too sweet, which is common with northern Italian recipes. We all got steaks for our entrees. I had the NY sirloin. It had a really great flavor, and was cooked a perfect medium rare. The other 3 guests had the filet, and they all said it was excellent. We had the gnocchi, mac n cheese, and spinach as sides. The gnocchi were definitely hand made, and cooked al dente. They were perfect. The mac n cheese and spinach were also good, but nothing out of this world. For dessert, we tried the pumpkin cheesecake, and a chocolate and peanut butter "tasty cake". Both were very good. I would definitely return here again. Next time I would try a pasta dish instead of the steak. I feel that they fell a little short of the upper echelon of steak houses in the city, such as Butcher and Singer and The Capital Grille. However, they are charging the same prices as those places. Our server was also excellent. I have no complaints about anything here, and would definitely recommend Davios if you are looking for something a little different than your average steakhouse.This review is about the happy hour. I met a friend at Davio's mid-week, and it happened to be happy hour.
The Yuengling was poring for $3 a pop. There was also Miller or Bud, sorry I forgot which one. Well drinks and something else was at happy hour prices. I'm sure you can find all of this out easily, and the great review, though about the happy hour, is not actually about the beer.
The atmosphere in this swanky restaurant is real nice. The bar is not that big, but does not get too crowded. The staff is super friendly, and service is quick.
Moments after ordering our beer, a plate with four small pizza slices was placed in front of us, on the house. At first, I thought they were just being nice and throwing us a bone. But four plates of piece, a bowl of friend, and plate of bruschetta with a bean spread later, it was clear, this is how they roll during happy hour.
Everything tasted fantastic. For $9, I had 3 beers and a feast of great food. I highly recommend this spot. It's the awesome!Really liked this place.  We split a whole bunch of appetizers that included rigatoni, some type of cheesesteak rolls and several others.  The house salad was really good and I am not a salad lover. For the main course I had the egg plant Parmesan. I should have split it. It was huge. It was also very good.  Service was outstanding. I highly recommend this place. Bring ur appetite though as the portions are large.So I love Davio's. I am a big NYC fan, originally hailing from Long Island, and whenever I go there I feel as if I am back in the city. Something about the big windows and the perception of being substantially elevated. I'm sure it is just me, so don't expect to feel the same when you go.
Back on topic. I've dined here probably half a dozen times, ranging from work events held in the private dining room, to birthday dinners, drinks, Friday meetings, etc. Every time the food and service has been amazing. I typically order filet mignon simply because I am not a fan of fat on my meat. Every time it has been cooked as ordered and perfectly delicious without anything added on top. I've gotten fish here also, very good.
Food is great so I won't dwell on that aspect. Two things I think are worth mentioning is the ability to bring your own wine (yeah, not a ground breaking revelation) and if you are taking someone here for a birthday, let them know and they will do something off the menu and extremely memorable for you. I came here and pulled a waiter aside and filled him in on the situation and was beyond blown away. 
Only negative is the wine is overpriced, but this is a lame negative since most of these places are like that. I'd recommend bringing your own and simply paying the corking fee. I've had just wine here a couple times and paying $10 for a glass of young Malbec is kind of absurd, but whatever. Its not like I am not going to do it again so I shouldn't really complain.This place was excellent. Started off with the popovers and mini lettuce wedges yum!  Has the scallops for my main course and it was amazing!  Tender and cooked perfectly. Definitely worth the money would certainly return again.Very impressed with the food and first-class, friendly service! I had the Amish Free Range Chicken Breast and it was perhaps the most perfect chicken I've tasted. Made me put down my fork and knife between bites, just to slowly savor the flavor. We didn't order dessert but the staff insisted that we have something sweet to close the meal: they gave us some homemade shortbread! P.S. the goat cheese bell pepper spread was so good it nearly ruined our appetite for dinner!Very nice inside and the bar area looked pretty cool.  As far as the restaurant, the service was fairly slow and my steak was overcooked.  The side of risotto was delicious, but the the steak was just something that I couldn't get past.  Steaks at a steakhouse should always be spot on.  Considering all the great spots in Philadelphia, I probably won't be back to Davios.Davio's has a great atmosphere and a great staff. We ordered the cheesesteak spring rolls for an appetizer. They had very good flavor. For an entree we both had the 10oz filet. The filet was very tender and had very good flavor. We also ordered the sea scallops which were also tasty.  The sides were good but not great. The sweet potato risotto was bland and not exciting. The mushrooms were good but not great. The string beans were to al dente for me. The bread that is provided was really good! The dessert was good but nothing overly exciting. I found the beef lost to be weak but the mixed drink and wine list were really good. All in all I would come back here.I absolutely love love this restaurant, I try to go there every time that I am in town. The food is amazing. I had the Gnocchi, It was absolutely delicious. They also have amazing drinks. Love the staff. They always take great care of me.Even though this is a chain restaurant it is tops. Service is always great. Only once had a bad entrée and they took it back without a blink and had something wonderful. It is pricey but well worth the monies. try some unusual appetizers such as the chicken livers or philly cheese steaks. my favorite is the meat balls. Always happy when we leave here.Great food slow service 
Ate with business associate 1 app, 2 salads, 2 entrees, 1 dessert, water and leanonades.  Was there 3 3/4 hours. Food tasted great, was flavorful, well prepared. Manger and waiter came by 4 times to apologize for how long it took for entrees (over 2 hours from time we ordered entreesb until they arrived) would go back just be sure you have time for a long meal.First off, the food was all very good. If you wanna go, go for the food. Wine: also very good.
The atmosphere was bizarre. It seemed overdone and confused. The music was a collection of current popular radio songs, which did not match the 'have a steak in an old bank' interior. The service was crazy attentive, almost intrusive. There were people hovering around the room like Hawks ready to ask how something tasted. 
BUT
The food was really good.Class and class and more class. If you are looking for a nice Northern Italian restaurant for a romantic evening out in downtown Philly this is the place for you. The dining room is spacious and the service was top notch. The only downside that I can say is that there are limited selections on the menu. So if you go more than a few times there's not that much to choose from. I'd recommend this place for Valentines Day or any other romantic occasion.Elegant atmosphere, food was okay and service was pretty standard. I just didn't feel the 'wow' factor that I had read about prior to going.
I was a guest at the adjoining Club Quarters Hotel and decided to go for Sunday Brunch. Staff was accommodating as I requested a table close to a window. Starter bread tray was very nice and they give you two pieces of complimentary biscotti at the end of your meal. I had the Grilled Flat Iron Steak, poached eggs, potatoes and truffle hollandaise  ($29) and coffee + Creme Brûlée. 
Convenient location, standard service and great menu options... But nothing to rave about. It's pretty upscale with pricing to match but it's a great excuse to spoil yourself at least once : )I had a great happy hour at Davios the bartender was friendly and even introduce himself agf5I always order happy hour apple martinis which is made with Amsterdam vodka and they give u complimentary appetizers today they gave pizza and friesThis is one of my favorite restaurants. The ambience, the service, the food are all first class. From apps, to steaks, to entrees and desserts, I have never had anything that I did not enjoy. They have a great wine list and the drinks from he bar are excellent, especially the white cosmo YUM! They're is also no corkage fee on Sundays if you bring your own wine, which is definitely a bonus.I took my team here for a holiday lunch and all I have to say is super. They were attentive, friendly very professional. My work lunch turned out to be a hit for our team of 6. Also one person on my team is a vegan and they were very accommodating which I very much appreciated.
The must haves there is the pasta. I would say it that it was the best I've had in Philly in a while. Perfectly cooked with the perfect sauce.  A must try is their Bucatini Amatriciana, Shrimp, Pancetta, San Marzano Tomatoes. I loved it sooo much that as I write this review I wish I had some right now.
Yes I will return for both work and personal.our wedding was held here just about a week ago. the ceremony took place in the director's room on the penthouse floor, and my husband and i were married in front of a giant marble fireplace under a huge chandelier. the room was filled with natural light provided by 15+ foot windows. the room comfortably held about 145 people plus a guitarist. phenomenal. this space is great for larger parties. there is also a smaller room off to the side, with fireplace. a balcony can be accessed off this room, with spectacular views of the city. i'm pretty sure they can hold very small events out there as well.
the reception was amazing. we had an open floor plan - meaning there weren't tables for everyone because we wanted to keep the cocktail party feeling going. the room was laid out perfectly to allow people to wander, mosey, and mingle while eating some of the best food they'd ever had. there was an antipasti station, pasta station, slider station (kobe beef burgers! crabcake! gourmet grilled cheese!), lamb and filet carving stations with two or three different sauces, and veggies. but who cares about veggies? 
our dessert was awesome. we met with tom, the pastry chef, about two weeks or so before the wedding. we wanted a skull cake. i know, sounds weird. sugar skulls though. we told tom to have fun with it, and he did. we went from a simple fondant-covered two-tiered cake to a fondant-covered two-tiered cake with two sugar skulls on top! there was also a dessert station with petit fors, tiramisu, and assorted other italian cookies and treats.
the staff was also amazing. i can't thank them enough for all their help.Very very over price. The spicy crab soup is the combination of spicy cream and crab, taste like shit. Shit crab soup, no tats of sea food at all. Risotto is dry and hard to eat. The rice is most likely uncooked. Very bad place to go.Our dinner was fabulous! It started with the reservation. The time and group number changed and they accommodated us with no effort. Then we arrived, some of my closest friends and there were doubts about the menu. It was restaurant week so we thought we would just order the regular predefined menu...some did some didn't after meeting Mike.. they most amazing server. His passion and dedication to service, the Davios brand and knowledge of the menu made everything sound good. We drank and ate the most incredible meal. It was is if he knew what each of us wanted! He even introduced us to the Executive chef, was a night to remember. I choose this restaurant because I wanted a new memory of the place. They delivered. Thank you Davios!I know this sounds crazy, but the chicken livers with cherries and pine nuts were amazing.  Forget whether you like liver, Davio's ability to create magic from any ingredients is impressive.This has been the best restaurant experience I have had and I have had many. Mark, our server, really hit out of the park. There an additional server whom I wish I got his name. He was so helpful and made amazing suggestions. I was here celebrating a birthday and will be sure to be back in the near future! Thanks for making my celebration so special!For all the great Northern Italian restaurants and steakhouses in the City, I was not overly impressed with the food for the price. The ambiance and service are worthy of 5 stars, but the food was just "good" compared to similarly priced establishments.Went there during restaurant week! It is definitelly bigger than I expected and the atmosphere is with big scale rather than cozy and intimate. I ordered the lunch menu clam chowder as the appetizer, which is not bad.  I cannot say it made me WOWed but I liked it. The entree I had is a green pasta with lamb on it. That is really delicious and well made. I like the creaminess and richness of the pasta... Although the portion looks small, I ended up boxing up the left overs. The pasta is no doubt the high light of the meal.    May go back and try some other food on the menu in future.Terrific evening with some late day outdoor views. Excellent service snd old world Philadelphia charm.  Great Italian in the heart of the city
Food consisted of superb mushroom or seafood Risotto and  a seafood appetizer. The entrees were the fillet which had curs of varying degrees of done-ness. Other accompaniments included turkey and pastas.  
Great place.  
Fillet 
TurkeyVery expensive, but very good food for dinner. Breakfast menu is short on options and waaaayy to pricey.Really nice ambiance. Went here with a friend who came from out of state and we were looking for a nice place to eat at.
They served nice olives and tapenade with the bread to start with.  All were very tasty.
We decided to start off with the proscuitto and they came with salami and crostini with ricotta cheese. It wasn't disappointing.
I ordered the papardelle  with braised beef and butternut squash while my friend ordered the flat iron steak.  The meat was tasty and nicely cooked.  It blended well with the butternut squash.  My friend also thought his steak was tasty.  However, one things was the fries were very oily and limp.  We expected it to be more crispy and fresh.  
Overall, we had a nice dinner and finished it off with nice tiramisu.Simply delicious. While some may think a little pricey , the portions are massive and delicious. every time we come here the food is consistently good and we always have leftovers. The egg roll varieties are particularly good . The menu is great because there is something for everyone and they are typically open to modifications and are very accommodating .I would give this restaurant 6 stars if I could. I came here for my friends birthday lunch for restaurant week. The place is gorgeous! I love the decor and cathedral ceilings/windows. For my appetizer I had the tomato soup with goat cheese which was excellent. The soup was very rich and the goat cheese was the perfect addition to that. My meal was the short ribs with mash and Tuscan kale. The meat was super tender and flavorful. It was cooked to perfection. The mashed potatoes were very good and the kale was seasoned so well. Dessert was a sampler which included peanut butter crunch, panna cotta and chocolate cake. All of them were absolutely delicious. The wait staff was friendly and professional and our waiter Louie never let our glass of water even go halfway empty. I have nothing negative to say about this place! I would definitely return! :)I took a very special person here for his birthday. (This was my second time at Davio's, this was his first time.) Great experience. Our server/hostess Tanya explained the menu well & also pulled me to the side on my walk to the ladies room to confirm the sursprise birthday dessert to be brought out. We loved our food, the ambiance, the service and the drinks. Will definitely be back!Ordered Spaghettini and request for white sauce instead but their meal was disappointing... its salty no leafy veggie and i waited half an hour for the take away meal... average meal.. tasted a lot of pasta and this is uncomparableMy girlfriend and I ate here on a Sunday evening. We were very excited to check this place out with the reviews that everyone else was leaving about Davio's. 
Sadly, we were very disappointed in the food. The 16oz ribeye was hardly seasoned and the veal chop was dry despite it being ordered medium rare. I've never claimed to be a great cook and the food tasted like something an amateur would cook and serve. Especially for the price of the food, we were unimpressed. The high point of the meal was definitely the drinks and the wine. 
I hope that we just hit the place on an off night. The place was very crowded and had a very cool, old school vibe.Great experience! We just stepped out of the restaurant, and my only regret is not trying Davio's sooner. Restaurant week 2 lunch menu lured us in. Noteworthy choices were the tomato soup with goat cheese crostini, shrimp scampi, beef short rib with spinach and crispy polenta, gnocchi with mushrooms and truffle oil, lemon meringue, and blueberry panda cotta. Our server Joey was personable and helpful...went above and beyond in offering tastings of two wine possibilities and in replacing boxed leftovers that got lost in the kitchen. Atmosphere is special, but not stuffy, and it is nice to have an environment that allows conversation. We have eaten lunches and dinners at MANY Center City restaurants, and Davio's is up there with the front runners.We went, we ate, we conquered!  
My husband and I went here on a Sunday, which to our luck was BYOW night.  I can't complain on bit at all about that cost saving advantage.  They also treated us with our wine graciously and there was not awkwardness at all, when I whipped two bottles out of my handbag.  
The service was OK, but not wonderful.  There are lots of people running around, but no one seemed happy and most seemed frantic.  However, the restaurant was not at capacity, so I am not sure where the "rush" mode came into play.
The food was very yummy!  I am dying to go back, no, but I was still impressed.  Let me first warn, DO NOT order the caprese salad.  For $16, I expected quite the mound of caprese.  I was very disappointed when 4 pieces of tomato and 4 pieces of mozzarella came out, possibly all equaling one very small tomato.  However, their steaks were good and cooked just right, which for some reason is getting harder and harder for the steak houses we visit.  We had the truffle mac n cheese and green beans with pancetta.  Those two sides were the highlight!  Now if they can only mix the pancetta with the mac n cheese, we would have a winner.
If you are looking for an up scale, not over the top, decent steak house, this is your place.  However, keep in mind it is part of the hotel, so every once in awhile you get a frumpy tourist walking through your candlelight dinner. :)Just incredible. Our experience at Davios could not have been better. Service was efficient and friendly, the food was superb, and the decor here is very classy -- just right for a special celebration. My wife and I are both gluten intolerant, and while most good restaurants have no problem accommodating us, Davios went far beyond "accommodating". 
They have a lot of GF menu options, including excellent Italian GF pasta. We had a Pasta dish with Bolognese sauce, and a short rib dish. Both were excellent -- equal to the best we've had anywhere. The short ribs were fork tender and had a light finish of sea salt on top, which i loved. The Bolognese was so rich and flavorful, and the GF pasta was cooked just right (not always easy to do). Portions were large but not ridiculous, and thankfully Davios does not fall into the tragically-hip trend of making their food small in portion but architecturally significant in height. Good choice, folks.
The hot gluten free popovers were a real treat, and served with herbed butter? Wow! We had two different glasses of wine and two cocktails. When my wife did not really like her cocktail after a sip, our waiter Chris happily replaced it with something else, and apologized to us. Both the Sauvignon Blanc and Moscato we tried were excellent, cold and crisp. Only dessert was slightly underwhelming since the panna cotta had some sort of liquor on top, which really did not, in our opinion, go well with the cool creamy dish (and this was not evident on the dessert cart version).
Davios is not an inexpensive night out, but I feel the level of service and the quality of food here equals anything I've had in Philly (or NYC), and it is one place where you definitely get what you pay for.
I should mention that the bar here is equally classy & beautiful. Maybe you'd like to put your toe in the water before diving in? The bar would be a good place to do that. We will definitely be back, and I highly recommend this place to my fellow Yelpers.In town for few days & tried this restaurant based on reviews. It definitely lived up to the avg 4 stars. About 30+ minute wait, but there was space at the bar & friendly bar tenders.  Once seated, the waitress was extremely pleasant & attentive. We got steak & salmon, both prepared as requested and were delicious. The sides & salad were also very good, well seasoned and tasted fresh. The desserts were also delicious.  Although pricey, I would recommend this restaurant.Not worth it for the price. Decent food. Good atmosphere. Great deserts. The tiramisu was the highlight.Went there for restaurant week the other night. We had a table of 6 and the service was excellent. The food was good, but when you go to some high-brow joint like Davios, you expect better than just good. 
It's always $12 drink night there, but at least you get a cool little soda bottle with your captain & coke. 
Bottom line, I wouldnt recommend it. I'd suggest Del Friscos or Morton's. The place isn't bad, I felt the food should have been better for a high end restaurant.We went to Davios this past Saturday for my sister in laws 30th birthday. We rolled in 12 deep (with 3 toddlers and an infant in tow) and they were so unbelievably accommodating. We were so so happy with the service. The friendliness and the ease of all of the servers we encountered was stellar. I had a fussy 3 month old and had to walk a few times to the front of the restaurant to care for her, and every single server that saw me coming stepped aside to let me through with a smile (even WITH the yelling baby). We ordered a bunch of apps to starts. The fried oysters were probably one of the most delicious things I ever had! The Kobe meatball was delicious, the cheesesteak spring rolls so yummy (of course) and the prosciutto and ricotta tray was also delicious. With such a large party I can't recall everything that was ordered, but I know there was not one single complaint. The sides were heaven, spinach, roasted garlic, garlic mash and truffle Mac n cheese. The steaks were cooked to perfection and smokey in flavor, the veal cheeks were perfect and every one was happy. My ONLY complaint was that the price of my ribeye at 46 (give or take a few bucks) was just over priced. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but I can't imagine what kind of a cow produces a 46$ steak! I would love to return to Davios sometime soon(ish)! BravoOld school classic dining room with white glove service.  Wait staff was top shelf and food was very good. For appetizers we had the cheesesteak rolls and gnocchi.  The rolls were a nice novelty and were good, but I much preferred the gnocchi which were light and fluffy with great flavor.
The for the entree I had the bone in ribeye. Had it cooked rare and it was perfect. I don't eat much red meat and this was this a huge portion.  Don't think I managed half of it but no regrets.  Went really well with our Shafer Hillside Select.We just had an amazing experience at Davios... Beautiful environment, top notch staff and excellently crafted food. My husband and I tried items from all over the menu - house made pasta, steak, salads. Everything was fresh and perfectly executed. My husband said his Filet Mignon was the best cut of meat he has ever had.  Being a vegetarian myself, I can assure you there are *many* meatless options as well. I will close by saying: dessert, dessert, dessert. I'll let it be a surprise but, if you have a sweet tooth, save room. Our server, Pierson, only added to our positive experience. This is a great romantic date location!!! Classy decor, low lighting, unobtrusive music and just an awesome menu. Go! Now!!Came here for a work dinner. We rented the private dining room up on the top floor. Nice room.  The food was okay. Nothing spectacular. Service was actually good. Not sure I'd come here on my own though.So wonderful!! My fiancé and I just recently got engaged and thought Davios would be a good spot for our families to finally meet and I'm so glad we did! 
First, the restaurant is incredibly cool. Huge windows, dim lighting, kind of a modern elegance to the whole place. We were seated at a table that was tucked in a bit which was perfect for a more intimate meeting. No one was shouting at each other from across the table and our families were actually able to relax and get to know each other! 
The staff was awesome. Informative, warm, welcoming and when our dessert came out we had a congratulatory chocolate scroll on our creme brûlée..so sweet!! 
The food. The FOOD!! Amazing. We got the meatballs, octopus, tuna tartare and oysters for apps. All so delicious and well prepared. My salmon with eggplant caponata was absolutely incredible, hands down one of the best salmon dishes I have ever had. The outside was crispy and crunchy and the inside was tender and not over cooked. The consensus around the table was that everyone's entrees were just as good as mine! Dessert was epic. The carrot cake was gigantic, moist and sweet (my sister had to take the rest home-it's THAT big) our creme brûlée was prepared wonderfully, and the espresso ice cream dessert (the name escapes me) was creamy and delightful. 
Go to Davios, they certainly will not disappoint!!!Most guides will say people voted Capital Grill the best Steak House in Philly but those people have no clue what they are talking about. Davio's should be number 1. 
If you aren't prepared to spend some money than don't go here but if you are then this is the place to be. Great for a special occassion. Immediately you know this restaurant is of fine dining from the white linen on all the tables, lol. That always signifies $$$ when they have the white linens to steer you from making too big a mess. The service is top notch. Your glass is never empty and you hardly finish your request before the task is completed. The side street entrance and the elevator ride to the restaurants main floor make you feel like you are arriving some place very exclusive. 
To start off your dinner here I recommened the Philly Cheesesteak Spring Rolls with Spicy Ketchup. They took a classic sandwich and made it into a posh little appetizers that doesn't just look good, or sound nice, but taste great too. There are a lot of immitators but none better than the OG in the cheesesteak spring roll game, Davio's. I've eaten here a few times now and the first time I had the Prime Rib which was good, but the second time I had the Rib Eye, which some don't like because of its fatty side, but that's where all the flavor lives. I think it's the best I have and I love steak and have had plenty from many restaurants and I would go back here any day for this one. For dessert they bring around the little dessert cart, which I love, I choose the Creme Brulee and this is definitely is tied for 1st place of best with me. 
Overall it's a must do in Philadelphia dining experiences.
P.S. Check out their happy hour, its a good one!My husband and I went to davios a few weeks ago and decided to sit in their lounge area. They weren't to busy considering it was a Thursday night. We had dinner in the lounge and my husband hand a few glasses of wine. Dinner was amazing. We shared a steak and the truffle gnocchi. Our server Mercedes was even better than the food. She was attentive and knowledgeable yet we didn't feel intruded or rushed. Though it may be a little awkward for some folks to eat in the lounge my husband and I surely enjoyed it. We'll be back in a month or so!This is a belated review. We dined here on 08/17/2012 and was recommended by a friend and so to Davio's we went. 
It was great. Boyfriend and I were on time for our reservation but our friends were already having a blast at the bar. We moved onto our table and my appetite grew exponentially as I read over the menu. 
Everyone ordered their own entrees and sides but we ended up sharing a bit of everything a la family style dining and so I got a taste of almost everything on the menu since our taste buds are eclectic. Everything was delicious. 
The decor is gorgeous, the staff were meticulous to every detail and he was hilarious and joked along with our sarcastic humor. One of my best dining experiences! If you can see from my past reviews, I don't give out 5 stars generously.For the prices, you would think to expect high quality food and excellent service. Our server was Mark. He seemed preoccupied, as though he would've liked to be anywhere else. Didn't smile once. Our food took a long time to arrive, and it was not as good as everyone says. I had the penne with smoked chicken, sun dried tomatoes and walnuts, and my mom had the gnocchi with mushrooms and truffle oil. My mom was not satisfied with the temperature of her dish- it was far too hot. Mark only had about 4 tables, but disappeared for long periods of time, and when he did return he seemed in a rush to get back to whatever he was doing. 
I am a server as well and I understand how stressful the job can be, but the staff seemed to just be floating around doing nothing. We sat with our half empty plates in front of us for too long after finishing our meal. The only consistent service we received was a refill of our water glasses by a different busser every 10 minutes. Will not be returning again.Met at the bar for drinks, no meal.  Service was good and the atmosphere was great.This restaurant just blew me away.  I am a full blooded Italian from NY and I had the greatest culinary experience here. The ambiance is enchanting, including the spacious bar area.  The service was impeccable. Several maitre d's were circulating throughout my meal ensuring the highest standards were met. The cocktail and wine selections were interesting and plentiful.  I had the house pinot noir and it was incredible.  My server was attentive and provided wonderful suggestions. The food itself was delectable! I had the crab cake appetizer, followed by the potato gnocchi.  Mouth watering for sure.  The dessert cart was tantalizing.  I went with the seven layer lemon cake with lemon sorbet.  I cannot wait to my next visit!If the service had been better I would have done 5 stars. Maybe the best veal chop I've had in Philly. All the food was very good and would rather go here than Capitol Grill or Mortons, but our waiter either had too many tables or had other issues. Drinks were prompt, as were the app's, but the entree's took forever and we had trouble finding him to see why such a long delay.
Now that they opened in KOP we'll try that location.What a great place to dine for a romantic night out. Beautiful old building in downtown Philly, ambiance is great. Dim lights, white table clothes and amazing service. Our server was extremely attentive and knew the menu inside and out. 
I wanted surf and turf and they created a small filet (cooked to perfection) with seared scallops (to die for). The tuna tar-tare and philly cheesesteak egg rolls were great starters. 
I would highly recommend this place for a nice night out or to entertain clients in a unique space!First off, the food was all very good. If you wanna go, go for the food. Wine: also very good.
The atmosphere was bizarre. It seemed overdone and confused. The music was a collection of current popular radio songs, which did not match the 'have a steak in an old bank' interior. The service was crazy attentive, almost intrusive. There were people hovering around the room like Hawks ready to ask how something tasted. 
BUT
The food was really good.Great atmosphere and lovely place.  We ordered delicious tuna tartare as an appetizer to accompany our cocktails.  The bartender is excellent!  
I really appreciate that they offer a gluten free lunch/dinner menu.
As for the entree I had the sea scallops and the risotto was amazing.
I would give 5 stars but we traveled in and parking was a pain.  We didn't realize they offered valet until walking up to the place.
Food and service was great!My bf make reservation for our 2nd year  anniversary here we tough that was going to be a good experience .we had octopus as appetizer that was ok and we had the lobster risotto that as horrible I couldn't even eat tasted was so weird and just had 3 pieces of the pincher claw "really" 44$ each order we were so  disappoint that not even get desert we had a bad experience here !I wanted to like this restaurant very much. Here we go --
1. The ambiance was very nice. Very classy atmosphere. 
2. In the beginning, the waitress was just ok. But, slightly warmed up a little later. 
3. The appetizer "Philly Cheesesteak spring rolls" were great. They were very tasty.
4. The entrees. I had the crab cakes and mashed potatoes. The crab cakes were good but the best I ever had. The mashed potatoes were the most bland potatoes ever. They had absolutely no taste to them. I tried to use salt and pepper for much needed seasoning and to no avail - still bland. My husband had the baked salmon and the mac & cheese. He did not like the mac & cheese at all. He stated that the mac & cheese was bland, also. 
5. Cocktails. The one cocktail I had was so off. I'm not sure if my cocktail was made too quickly or if the bartender was a new inexperienced bartender.  
I might give this restaurant a second chance because it's a very classy restaurant. If not, it was still a nice (not spectacular) dining experience.Our hotel, the Hotel Palomar, was right next door to Davio's so we gave it a try.  Glad we did, had an excellent time and meal there.
Very rich, opulent, lively upstairs restaurant, very grown up and old school.  Big bar for waiting plus lounge chairs, equally large dining room with high ceilings and formal service.  Very nice.
Definitely not cheap but a nice experience overall.Came here for a birthday dinner. The service is excellent! All of the servers are very attentive and friendly. The ambiance is very romantic with dim lights and beautiful interior decorating. I had the linguine with clams which was an ok dish. The sauce was bland and to top it off my stomach was hurting after. Maybe the clams weren't fresh but I was the only one who had that issue with our meal. My mother had the Maine lobster which was amazing. It was a humongous lobster and very fresh. As for the appetizers we enjoyed the spring roll appetizer the most. The cheesesteak roll was my favorite. We also had the tuna tartar appetizer which was also just ok and the calamari was good. Overall, everybody enjoyed their meal and the service here.We dined here for our anniversary. The cheesesteak spring rolls and potato gnocchi with mushrooms and truffle oil were very good. When we received our entrees they over cooked our medium rare steaks to well done. Although we had to wait for them to cook new steaks they more than made up for the inconvenience by offering a free drink and small dessert. We were ok with what happened because it was clear that they felt bad about overcooking our food.
Fast forward a year and we returned for our anniversary. Things were different this time. The potato gnocchi was oily and didn't taste as good. Instead of steak I ordered lobster which was dry. The size of the sides was almost cut in half from our previous visit and the quality didn't seem the same.  We were very disappointed. At this point i think the best qualities of this restaurant are the service and atmosphere. I'm now considering a restaurant to take my husband to for a milestone birthday but I would not take a chance returning here for fear that we would be disappointed.We've been here a number of times for both lunch and dinner including the restaurant week. Always excellent service, great food and nice ambiance. Thoroghly enjoy the experience every time I'm there. Once of my favorite restaurants in Philly. Try pasta dishes here, they will not dissapoint.Celebrated my father-in-law's 69th bday here. They expertly accommodated a party if 16. Staff were efficient accurate and attentive. Wine glasses were kept full and food was outstanding. The interior is large and upscale. The only knock would be they get incredibly loud in the evenings.Excellent decor and food in a classic former 30s era bank.  Made it a sit down, dress up family vacation dinner.  Would give it a 5 star rating, but it was on the expensive end for me.Love this restaurant. Pricey but worth it.  We had a company Christmas function here and it was amazing. On a floor all to ourselves looking out into the city. I was happy to try this place on my own for dinner to be able to try some menu items. I was not sure hungry but saw gnocchi on the menu and had to order it. Luckily they offer appetizer portions for all pasta entrees which is amazing!  It actually was still so much food. I got the arugula salad before hand which was light and simple and perfect. I would love to try a steak on my next trip here - but definitely wanted to make sure I had the appetite. 
The gnocchi was tender - I would have preferred a creamy sauce with the truffle and mushroom. Yeh sauce was tangy. Just my preference but it was good. 
Love the atmosphere in this place. Very cool, old school steak house vibe.My family knows that if your want to make me happy - make reservations at Davio's. I first went to Davio's during restaurant week and fell in love with it. The ambiance and the 2 story arched windows are gorgeous. The service is impeccable and the steaks are the best in the city. When I have friends in town, I always take them to Davio's and they love it too! I have celebrate so many milestones at this restaurant I stopped counting, but I can always count on Davio's to provide an exceptional evening.I don't know HOW restaurant week still manages to get 100+ dollars out of 2 people for dinner...call me naive to the city life, but I thought the $35 dollar pricing encouraged you to try somewhere you typically couldn't afford? Normally Davios is out of our price range, which was why we chose it for restaurant week. We still didn't get out of there for under 100 bucks though...oh well. On to the food!
It's trendy and exactly what I thought a fancy steak house would be. The service was wonderful and our waiter very informed when I told him which food items I needed to avoid. The restaurant week menu had a decent variety and the portions were decent...really decent. I had a nice tomato soup and we shared some hummus type dips to start - of course the one made from ricotta cheese was AMAZING. My salmon entree was cooked to perfection and massive. 
the only thing I would do differently - the wine. We opted for a bottle and should have chosen more carefully. Trying to save a few pennies with a cheaper wine didn't bode well for us and we were stuck with something that was marked up wayyyyyy beyond it's value. Oh well. I'd still go back - with someone not on my teachers salary, that is!So delicious and an amazing staff and servers. best restaurant week restaurant , hands down. Especially for the portion size you get. You will be completely stuff and satisfied once you leaveOld school Italian steakhouse atmosphere with a modern take on food.  Came here on a first date - a classy (if slightly antiquated) choice on his part that turned out to be surprisingly delightful.
We started with glasses of pinot noir - nothing striking but more than adequate for a house wine.  The spring roll sampler was a good introduction to this chef's idea of challenging your expectations.  The sampler was my date's choice and he was more than pleased; it wasn't really for me, but not because it wasn't well-prepared - I just wasn't craving anything fried.
Luckily, the entrees that we split were beyond awesome.  We ordered the scallops with risotto and the crab cakes, along with a side of asparagus.  Everything was great.  The scallops and risotto - both items that are easily and often ruined - were cooked perfectly, and the crab cakes were predominantly crabmeat - something you always expect but rarely experience.  The flavors were all light and wonderful.
I insisted that we get limoncello in lieu of dessert, and that was definitely the right choice.  This was some of the best limoncello I've had outside of Italy - divinely sweet, tart, and alcoholic.  Great ending to a great meal.We went here for my 20/year work anniversary. I ordered the 18oz rib eye. It was so tender and flavorful. I also ordered mushrooms and mashed potatoes in the side. They were e good but nothing to brag about.Came here for a business dinner.
The elevator ride up is a bit unique, I agree with a few other reviews that the feel and look in immediately exiting the elevator was a bit underwhelming.  Cramped lounges, chairs out of place, and some hideous looking Christmas looking decoration in February.   
As you kept walking the room opens up and looks a lot nicer with the high ceiling and the white linens
Had a drink at the bar to start, and was offered some complimentary pizza slices.  Nice touch.  
We were then seated.  In a very loud room 
Service was good , not great.  They were polite as can be but seemed scattered and not organized at times.  We had a party of 8, and there was another party of maybe 15... So maybe they were a bit inundated. 
The food. I tried a lot.  And am still full!!
Spring rolls,had the sampler.  They were average. Some better then others. 
Kobe beef meatballs were fantastic
Two minutes calamari was fair, lacked seasoning 
Prosciutto and burrata wig figs was excellent
Dinner
I got the ribeye.  Was cooked a perfect medium rare. 
The salt crust on the steak was superb. High points for the steak. Yumm. Davio s steak sauce that came with was not good at all and detracted from the steak.   That wE quickly pushed to the side and ignored 
Side of truffle fries and gorgonzola sauce.
Wow.   We're these just bad. In comparison to everything else they just disappointed on every level. I got no truffles flavor coming from anywhere, and the fries were burnt to a crisp.   If it were not for these fries.  I would say this was a 4 star place.
Nice petit fors and coffee to finish.  
I liked it.   Just can't see myself going back.Had lunch at Davios. I had a arugula salad with chicken. It was very fresh and the balsamic brought out the goat cheese flavor. The service was great even though it was during a busy lunch. The salmon and tuna were also very good. Great spot for lunch. The elevator to the second floor is a little slow but worth the ride.My family came here to celebrate my father's birthday. Busy on a Tues. night. When I confirmed my reservation, the deskman stated, "We have your table ready for your party, Mr Goh. Right this way." Mr. Goh. I like that. Keep saying that, man. 
As soon as we were seated, I couldn't help but notice the hierarchy of Davio's employees. Starting with the "waterboy," then these white-shirted waiters that take your order, and then these strange, Western business-attired guys that keep running around, seemingly pretending to do something productive (but actually they just stand in the corner and laugh amiably to one another). These suited guys (one of whom was wearing a flamboyant, overly tight-fitting plaid suit with chelsea boots that really didn't match with his more conservative compatriots) do not positively contribute to the dining atmosphere at all. They in fact distract diners like myself. 
It took the waiter 15-20 min. after we were ready to order to come to our table. Another waiter kept apologizing to us, but I was wondering, "could YOU take our order?" It's just writing down words on a piece of paper. I could do that. Finally, the waiter came to our table and did not apologize to us. He rushed us with our orders as if he was a Mcdonald's cashier. He didn't even ask us how our steaks would like to be cooked until I reminded him... 
Food was delicious. I got scallops on a pea risotto. I tried some of my party's steak and it was good, but they switched the medium and medium-rare designations on our two steaks. Don't get the lobster spaghetti; what a fail. Altogether, sloppy, but whatever, it tasted good.
Overall, the food was good, service was very spotty (but I could tell it was normally better, just odd for our particular instance) and atmosphere was somewhat suitable. Eh.