Came with my spouse on Tues night, Feb. 5, for dinner. Really wanted to like this place, but unfortunately our meal was quite disappointing. First, we sat down and waited quite a while to be greeted/noticed. We ordered duck baos to start, chicken katsu and the house ramen. Duck baos and chicken katsu came out together, and then after a long delay, the ramen came out. Food was mediocre (if you order chicken katsu, you will only get a bowl with rice and chicken katsu, no sauce, ginger, salad, nothing). Nobody ever refilled our tea. Sushi chef kept yelling at staff, and then everything was overpriced. Our meal cost about $33 before tip. Finally, the space is sparse and messy. The whole experience felt awkward.As a Fishtown local, I was really excited about a sushi place opening within walking distance of my place, especially since this one is BYOB! We called ahead for a reservation about a half an hour before leaving on Saturday night and were seated immediately when we arrived. Pretty good size menu here for the size of the place. The service was good, just needs a little refining that I'm sure will come as the staff finds their groove. Everyone was super enthusiastic and nice and made you feel really good while you were there! But it did take a little while to take our order. Again, it didn't detract from my experience and I'm sure this is something that will be worked out with some time to get a flow going.
The food was very tasty. I split the pork buns and duck buns and then had the crispy rice. I love crispy rice and their's was really tasty; the rice was nice and warm and the tuna had a nice spice level. The bao were really tasty too, but I think the duck buns are the winners here. I also split a sider roll, which I remember being good but I had quite a bit of wine at this point so take from that what you will. Overall, I really like this place and will definitely be back!Nothing but praise for this little sushi shop under the metro. We did the Omakase here on a Saturday night with a group of 7 and they were able to accommodate with a week prior reservation. Very fresh sushi and great prices. The owners were so much fun and offered us soju and beer when we forgot to bring some. Shots were going around all night. Very fun spot with an amazing vibe.The food and sushi at Da-Wa is great but It is a bit claustrophobic and, with the cold weather, chilly inside the restaurant. I've heard they will expand next door, so that will help. The sushi rice is perfect, I had some rolls, sushi, and the poke bowl and they were very good. Someone below complained about the shrimp tempura so I specifically ordered it. Perhaps it was off when they ordered it as ours was delicious. Perfectly fried, not greasy, and with HUGE slices of avocado. The spicy tuna was also great. As basic as a spicy tuna roll is I find it is a good barometer of the quality of sushi at a restaurant. Joe uses big chunks of tuna with spicy mayo opposed to that mashed up tuna mayo concoction most sushi places serve. The only thing that is keeping me from rating this restaurant 5 stars is the service, I think once they expand they should bring in someone with some management experience to really tie everything together. Otherwise this is a great spot and I will be back soon!Happy we have a new ramen and sushi place in fishtown! The sushi was so fresh (I got toro) and ramen broth was delicious. The bao buns are one of the best I had (pork belly and duck). Can't wait to do the omakase next time.I was skeptical about eating here because of the location but I am so happy I gave it a shot.  Delicious fresh sushi and the pork belly ramen was off the charts!My new favorite sushi place in Philly! The place is super tiny, so get there earlier especially if you have more than 2 people. The sushi bar takes up most of the restaurant, and Joe (head chef) is a gem. 
Sushi was amazing, flavorful and fresh. Will definitely be coming back for the omakase. Don't forget that they are BYOB! 
Favorites:
- crispy rice (spicy tuna on top of (fried?) crispy rice squares) 
- chu-toro (1/2 fatty tuna) 
- veggie tempura app (has kobucha Japanese squash, enoki mushrooms, korean sweet potato)
Super excited for a down to earth and high quality sushi place in Philly that is well priced.When eating Sushi, it's all about the fish and rice.  At Da-Wa the fish was definitely on point, however, the sushi rice was lacking.  First batch the rice was not vinegary enough and too wet.  A 2nd batch of rice was made, it was a tad bit better, however, as soon as you pick you the sushi the rice fell apart (wasn't packed together enough), could be lack of technique.  We were a party of 4 and each sushi was inconsistent on the amount of wasabi placed.  In general, Omakase was worth $100 for the amount of sushi they give you and the quality of the sushi.  If you're around the area, definitely give it a try.The sushi and ramen were very good. I would definitely come back. A little hidden gem under the LPlace is my dream- whole in the wall under the el, not pretentious with very very good sushi / fish . Same or better quality that the top rated places in Philly. Their Uni, Otoro, live scallop , yellowtail , were all fantastic for Philly. 
Going to go back a lot .One of the best places for omakase next to royal izakaya but for half the price (for now, it might have just been a temporary special). They just opened up recently and they were surprisingly busy for a cold Thursday night. The fish was super fresh and I honestly loved everything that was put in front of me as did my boyfriend. Everyone was super nice and the sushi chefs seemed to really be enjoying their job which is always nice to see! While I have seen a lot of complaints about it being too busy, or the waiter not being attentive enough, I think they're still getting used to the flow of things so be patient with them while they're figuring it out, it's worth the wait I promise!  Keep up the good work Dawa!!I just finished the omakase.  It is an incredible experience.  You do it right at the counter with the chef.  He never stops working and makes it a really enjoyable experience.  You start with miso and salad and then on to a perfect plate of sashimi.  You get about 4 pieces.   After that, the chef makes 15 pieces of sushi for you one at a time.   It's a 2-hour ordeal and it is really good.   I had fish I never tried before and many of the pieces were so delicate and subtle that I would really lose myself while I was eating.
My only complaint is that a few pieces of sushi had a bit too much wasabi.  This only happened in the beginning and it levelled out pretty quickly.
This is a must try experience.  It's not cheap.  It was $100 a person and it takes 2 hours.I recently sat at the sushi bar and tried the omakase.
Positives:
The omakase was a great deal, so much delicious fresh fish! No complaints on the wonderful food. I'll definitely go back to try the ramen. 
Negatives:
It was really cold in the restaurant and the waitstaff could use some training. It felt strange asking for the basics, napkins and chop sticks. The waitstaff that seemed to struggle in such a small restaurant.Great warm up snack after a show at the Fillmore! Ramen was good, sushi was good, atmosphere was top notch, with very friendly service. 
I'd definitely recommend this if you're in Fishtown and looking for some ramen!The best sushi and sashimi in the city! I would have loved an option for steamed (rather than fried) dumplings! We will be coming back often!!!Freshest sashimi I've ever had delicious! Very clean restaurant with attentive staff. The food is of the highest quality.We were excited to try Da-Wa after reading the great reviews.  Unfortunately, it was just okay.  The duck buns were good but had a few small bones in them that should not have been there.  The ramen was okay but nothing special.  Both our ramen dishes were also missing the corn that the menu specified.
The place was empty considering it was 6pm.  We were the only table in the restaurant the entire time.  Had high hopes but left underwhelmed.My husband & I were so excited to check this place out after reading some rave reviews. We left feeling super disappointed! Went on a Friday night, service was terrible. Waiters seemed like they did not want to be there, did not make conversation or ask whether we'd been there before, anything we can help with the menu? Nope. Water came lukewarm, ordered a soda but had to ask them 4 times before they brought it over.. in a BOTTLE. 
Food came before our drinks did. Fried dumplings were really dry. Ordered the ramen and rainbow roll but it was just very average, we've had better Japanese. Ambience is a little weird and cramped, didn't seem like a place you want to stick around. Had more of a take out kind of vibe. 
Don't think we'll be going back.Great spot. Got sushi for take out and the staff made it a point to be friendly for the short time I was in there. 
Nice presentation and taste. The menu I was given had more options than what I saw online. I think they recently updated it. Will definitely be backI checked this out with a few friends one night and it was phenomenal!  I absolutely loved the food.  The weather was crappy, rainy and dreary so I opted to try the Pork Belly Ramen and it was the best I've had in the city so far.  I read some reviews that said it was lackluster, but the ramen  had was very flavorful; the broth was just spicy enough to feel some good heat and not overpower the full flavor.   I split a Roast Duck Bun with a friend and it was indulgent, rich and not small; overall very good.  I also had a $5 order of California roll just as an appetizer which was fine as any would be.  My friends that had some sushi seemed to really enjoy it. I generally stay away from raw fish, so I didn't try it.   Everything was wonderful and my friend brought some appropriate Japanese beer, making the meal perfect.
The atmosphere seems legit, not fancy, but small, efficient and not online  the space in "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" which my friend reminded me , was located under the subway.Find $100 and a days notice to reserve your omakase dinner. You will be amazed. Flavors were fabulous and the size of the pieces were huge.   Well worth a trip under the EL train.Honestly their hospitality is the best! We walked in during a rainy day and first thing they offered us is a warm cup of tea. Then their delicious ramen was the best! Everything has so much flavor and you just can't stop eating! My new favorite spotThis place is wonderful. Simply - really quality sushi at very appropriate pricing. Joseph and the rest of the crew were great. Spicy tuna was one of the best I've had (simply done with wonderful taste). The roast duck Bao bun was unreal. Beef rice bowl with veggies - would definitely order again. Can't wait to try the rest!Fish game is on fire here. The quality is paralleled maybe by 2-3 other places in Philadelphia. When you bite into the sushi, it's unmistakable.Hands down best sushi in Philadelphia! Literally best salmon you will ever put in your mouth, and I don't even like salmon. Get the sushi/sashimi special and sit at the bar and talk to the owner Joe. I would eat there every night if I could!A decent enough food joint under the El. I can't say much as I only had a bowl of ramen there, and that was OK. Presence of corn in the ramen was puzzling.Hands down the freshest fishes in town!  Yes..had Sagami and Morimoto plenty of times.  It is an interesting location next to the El station.  But heck in Asia, train stations are prime business locations.  Went there the first time and was amazed by the freshness of the fishes and knew we had to go back.  Brought friends back to try their Omakase and BOY they did not disappoint!!!  The 21-course Omakase consists of the chef's fish selections and our bellies were happy and full.  A must try!!! Joseph (Owner & Chef) was nice, friendly, knowledgeable, and educational about his fishes.  You can tell how passionate he is about his fishes when talking to him.  This is definitely my new go-to sushi place!  Can't wait to go back and try their ramen!My wife and I were truly excited to try out this place after reading reviews and welcoming more diverse food options in our neighborhood. We left with little motivation to come back. I will keep this review simple.
The good-
I had the pork belly ramen. The pork was cooked perfectly and was absolutely delicious. The ramen bowl was pretty and overall good but besides the pork belly, it was nothing amazing.
The OK-
The waiter insisted we try the dumplings. That was regrettable. They were deep fried and oily. Personally, we prefer dumplings that are pan seared, but if you like them deep fried, you may like it.
The bad-
We are truly baffled by the rave reviews of the sushi. I could easily and quickly rattle off fantastic sushi around the city. (Still nothing amazing in Fishtown). The sushi was simple, lacked flavor and was on par with maybe IGA's sushi section. (IGA is our local grocery store). 
So this is just our opinion, I still suggest one should see for themselves, but maybe on a week night (it is a tiny place). Confused by the rave reviews...I ordered takeout tonight and was not disappointed by any aspect of the experience. Upon arrival, my food was not ready yet but I didn't mind waiting for a little bit. Everyone greeted me with a smile and pleasantries. It's definitely a smaller space, but very intimate and has a nice flow. Some people might be mildly put off by the location and riff raff associated with that el stop, but I've lived nearby for a few years so it didn't phase me. Chef Joe Kim checked my order himself so nothing was missing and he seems like an all around great person(he was smiling the whole time and engaging with everyone in the restaurant).
My husband and I both said the miso soup was the best we have ever had. I ordered my go-to spicy tuna and green salad- both perfect. The spicy tuna roll was the best I've ever had, fresh tuna cubed (not like the average finely chopped) with fresh scallions and perfect spicy sauce. My husband got the Bulgogi and Spider Roll- said both were delicious. Apart from the amazing food, the overall vibe and kindness that you receive in Da-Wa is what earns it every 5 star review. We'll definitely be back!This was my first time dining in. It was pretty empty and there was one couple sitting at the bar getting the omakase experience. With no one to greet me or assist me, I seated myself at the bar. When I looked over, I see this guy who I supposed was a server but barely spoke a word or introduced himself as a server. The place is very small. There is no air conditioning so they had a small fan blowing from the floor pointed up. It was blowing hard and I didn't like the feeling of this fan blowing at me if I was going to enjoy my food. I switched to a table facing the front. They give you a takeout menu to look at. I stared at it for a good minute looking for my go-to basic rolls which is Salmon avocado and Salmon roll. It wasn't listed. I asked the server if I could order that and he nodded his head. He comes back with one roll. I was a little confused at first but thought maybe he wanted me to have one while I wait for the other. Then I thought, it shouldn't take long to make a basic roll. So, I said to him "I'm assuming the salmon roll is coming separately?" He looked confused. He thought I only said one salmon avocado roll. I said salmon and a salmon avocado. I told him I wanted both, so he put the order in. The salmon pieces were very small in ratio to the rice and the roll overall looked smaller than average at most sushi places. I was underwhelmed. The taste was okay. Their soy sauce was very salty. When I finally got the check, I was shocked by the prices. They were $5-6 more than what I would pay at other restaurants. I was in baffled. I had to ask the server questions about it and he said the salmon is a king salmon. What difference did it make? I couldn't tell if what I ate tasted better than a regular salmon. With all that said, the prices are insanely high. This is a low value place that doesn't even give you a true dining experience. It's more like a take-out, fast food environment that charges you like it's fine dining. I find it alarming and unfair to customers. I will not be returning as there are other places that serve sushi in the area. As for the bill, I had to take a picture to remember it. Let me remind you again that these were Basic rolls. Nothing fancy. And they were small with smaller pieces of fish in the middle.This will be a quick review, because I will be updating it  as I dine here more... this is by far the best sushi I've had in Philadelphia... I've finally found my east coast home for sushi.  I hear the ramen is great too but I haven't tried that yet.  
Yes, it's a small location, I just hope it doesn't become too popular too quickly because I won't be able to get in anymore.Stopped in to get some sushi to go for the first time , I happened to be in the area. The chef and the owner Joseph , was so nice , welcoming and funny. Even tho I came in 20 mins before they were supposed to close- I wasn't rolled my eyes on , he interacted with the guests  and made jokes; and while I waited he offered me a hand roll on the house. Not that everyone should do this after reading this , lol , it was just so unexpected and really nice of him. I recommend the place for the welcoming staff and delicious food!Spontaneous birthday dinner turned bust
We ambled into da-wa post drinks on the idea of sushi and it having an open table for 4
The menu is surprisingly limited, with only a few roll options, 2 pho options and some light apps
Staff were clueless and forgot our edamame even after we asked about it 5 times. We kept having to request water and the overall food service was sub par with long wait times and every server coming by the table to see if we ordered and what we ordered
The food was okay, but not worth the hype
The best part of the meal was the perfectly fried tempura vegetables (sweet potato, onion, eggplant) 
It's byo and if your near front and craving a little this and a little that, this is your placeGreat BYOB place! Food is delicious. Let the owners Joe/Jim order for you! It's a small space so not great for big groups. Definitely going back.Simple no frills hole in the wall with a friendly staff and an awesome, super tasty bowl of shoyu ramen. Awesome addition to the neighborhood.Sad and disappointed...everything is overpriced and the quality is not good...We ordered ramen, duck bao and shrimp tempura maki, the duck bao came out quick but it was kinda cold. Tempura maki was not presentable for a picture and the portion was small...my ramen never showed up even when my friend was finishing his...if you want to hear the sushi chef yelling as the background music this is the place you need to go. When I check the yelp page after this sad dinner, it was funny to see the sushi chef himself left a 5 stars review. Oh and the paper cup with tea infused water just another pathetic thing about the restaurant.I LOVE this sushi spot. Always really quality fish, reasonable prices, and Joseph is such a knowledgeable and friendly sushi chef. Try and go as often as I can. Such a welcomed addition to north phillys food sceneWell done fam! 
Had a very large lunch today + was more than satisfied with everything. The fish was SO fresh, homemade dumplings were as good as grandmas, + my favorite part about the ramen was that it was full of flavor but not overly seasoned with a ton of salt - great umami balance! 
The menu is small, which means you're pretty much guaranteed to receive a dish that has that personal touch + delicious every time. If you're a sushi lover like me, I was disappointed to see they didn't have a sashimi combo type platter on their menu, but you can definitely order a la carte + their maki rolls will not disappoint. Traditional a spicy tuna is made with shit shaved tuna that restaurants typically would throw away, BUT they use actual chunks of tuna + fish in their spicy maki rolls. Typically I also don't fall for the rainbow roll, but I did this time + Da-Wa would be the only place I'd ever order a rainbow roll. 
This is a small family restaurant, they're really kind + quick to assist you with anything! I wish them success because fishtown needed a spot like this + they're more than deserving of it. Don't judge the interior or exterior of this place, the food won't disappoint.Food was amazing and the sushi are so fresh! The restaurant might not be the fanciest but serve great quality sushi! Will definitely come backThis place has wonderful sushi.  Reminded me of the three years I lived in Okinawa.  Really fresh salmon and the J&D Roll is amazing--for real.Very good and fresh sushi and sashimi.  The omakase was great, Joseph did a great job!!Great food and good ambiance. Enjoyed in an intimate group setting. I highly recommend the pork belly bao and cha chu ramen!Omkase was amazing. Very casual spot and BYO was awesome and made for a great value.I dropped in here with my friend and BF. EVERYTHING was delicious! The crispy rice was perfect! The edamame was tossed in a Unami garlic sauce. The cha shu ramen was the perfect spicy buttery level. The salmon sashimi and salmon sushi was fresh! I forget the names of the rolls but they were scrumptious. I didn't see the back until it was too late, but they have pork buns and other entrees.  I'll have to come back and give those a go as well. FYI It's a BYOB.We did girls night dinner here and tried a little bit of everything and left happy and fill and with plenty of money in our wallet for fancy after dinner drinks down the street. Gotta love a BYOB!Ramen was delicious. Sushi and apps on point as well. Service was lacking, but definitely worth a try.Being a Hawaii native living in Philadelphia can be a crazy transition. One of those transitions for me was the culture around food. Seafood in particular. High quality sushi, fish, octopus, were all things I was familiar and enjoyed at a very young age. At family gatherings we'd pick up Ahi and octopus at our local grocery store. It was not hard to come by. 
Flash forward to moving to Philadelphia and after visiting a few sushi joints realized that I could not expect somewhere not surrounded by ocean to have as much access to seafood. I kept trying though. I'd visit place after place each time disappointed by the quality of fish. That is until I walked into DA-WA. 
Upon entering you realized it's a fairly small restaurant with a few tables and a bar. The best seat in the house in my opinion is the bar where you might catch glimpses of chef-owner Joe Kim prepping ingredients. He does knife cuts with such focus and precision and handles the fish with such delicacy you can tell he truly cares about his product. He has a great warmth about him and is always willing and excited to share the wealth of knowledge he has about his fish. You can tell he loves what he does and he's damn good at it. 
Whenever I get the pleasure of dining in DA-WA the fish he has in is different and that's just how I like it. With different fish comes different mouth sensations and flavors and a different experience every time. Sometimes Smokey, sometimes melt in your mouth buttery, but every time delicious. The quality of the fish he has is like something I've never had before and I've had my fair share. He could easily compete with any high end restaurant in Hawaii and I'd place bets in even Japan. 
I can only think of good things to say about DA-WA. It's fairly new in Fishtown and seems like a cult favorite, but not really known. I imagine in just a few short years it will be somewhere that will have hour+ long wait times to get a seat and I'll be happily waiting in line for my pork belly bao bun and whatever fish Joe Kim is excited to show me.Ate dinner here last week on the Friday night of opening week. While the sushi was fresh and the food was overall good, the service was not. I did not sit at the chefs counter, but rather the normal dining area. Food came out at random times with long wait times between, certain items ordered did not come out at all, and at the end they still billed for items ordered that were never served despite having brought this to their attention. Takeaway here is that Da-Wa owners will need to fix the service if they want this restaurant to succeed. Would recommend staying away on potentially busy nights for a bit until the service is up to speed.Quality, service, great atmosphere but better people running it. Please do yourself a favor and stop by. Toro, uni, all of the above!Never thought in Philly I would be able have such impressive sashimi. I always have a feeling about the location with many homeless hovering and lousy train at the up front. We arrive at 8pm Friday night with 3 tables occupied, 10 seats at the raw bar empty. We picked the corner side and hung our clothes behind us. Took a quick look at the menu and still never thought anything will be diff than other JP restaurants in Philly (rolls and handrolls, not too many choices for fish, boring)until a couple came in and I overheard "omakase". Omakase is reservation only AKA chef recommendation. Chef will order seasonal fresh fishes shells for the "omakase" customers. We ordered yellow tail,salmon,octopus,eel roll,toro, live scallops. Chef is Korean I belive, he made a salmon sushi, I mean real good! I am a traveller to Japan, Taiwan and never had a salmon in that texture and flavor. It got melted in my mouth and the flavor stayed long. Later chef made us flamed seared tuna and yellow tail and a tempura octopus for free! We kept saying we didn't order these. Chef said it's for us! Well even without the free sushi I would be highly recommended this restaurant to everyone who loves sushi and sashimi. Salmon is the best!I had their duck buns which were okay 
Their ramen wasn't the best ramen ; the broth was missing somethingReally a great addition to the ever growing Fishtown. The food is fresh and the fish is top notch. The ramen is full in flavor and the portion is plenty. This will become my go to ramen and sushi place in the neighborhood truly 5 stars.Great Omakase in Fishtown. 
My wife and I ate dinner at Da-wa last Friday. We had made reservations at the bar, which seats about 12 people. At present, it's a small, narrow place, with an entrance on Front Street, underneath the Girard Station of the Market-Frankfort Line. In addition to the bar, it has three small, high-top tables along the wall. Da-wa is actually a larger, L-shaped place, the small bar on Front Street connected to a 60-seat dining room with an entrance on Girard Street, to the left of the elevator going up to the Girard station.  I was told that the larger dining room will open around Valentines Day. The small Front Street section and entrance will be reserved for Omakase. BTW, Da-wa is a BYOB.  
We were greeted by Jim, who took our coats and confirmed that I planned to order the Omakase. He pointed to the blackboard and asked which of the two options I preferred: the $59 or the $89 one. I chose the $89 version with more than a dozen different nigiri, all listed on the blackboard. We were first served a rich and flavorful miso soup with diced tofu and seaweed, followed by a nice charred shrimp salad.
It only took about 5 minutes for one of the sushi chefs (he said that he previously worked at Morimoto) to begin my Omakase selection. He explained each nigiri as he placed it on a serving dish on the upper bar for me to pick up onto my plate. On the side, he kept replenishing the pickled ginger. Each nigiri item was superbly fresh and delicious. Several were exotic, with the last item being a very tender octopus. I enjoyed the meal and recommend it highly.
My wife preferred the shrimp tempura. Unfortunately, it did not match the quality of the Omakase. It was quite oily. Either the temperature of the frying oil was too low or the tempura was not adequately drained. Next time she will try the ramen, which comes highly recommended, or one of the yakatori choices. 
At the end of the meal, Jim brought us each a complementary crust-less cheesecake desert topped with blueberry preserves. It was an overly rich and sweet combination of creme cheese and mascarpone. While we appreciated the gesture, I would prefer slices of fresh orange or green tea. 
Despite the disappointment with the shrimp tempura, I'm still giving Da-wa 5 stars, both for the Omakase and as a down-payment for its potential as a wonderful addition to the Fishtown dining repertoire. And it is definitely growing its Asian selections. Consider that within the near future Hiroki, a new sushi restaurant will open behind Mulherin's;  Hajimaru Ramen seems on the horizon to replace the defunct Shoo Fry; and there's a mysterious sign for Pho House across from the Acme supermarket. Now all we need is a great Italian restaurant, a sit-down Chinese restaurant, and a deli! I know, I know, pipe dreams.This place is amazing and the owner/chef is really friendly while also being extremely experienced. He hand picks his fish daily and you can call in a day a head for Omakase! He will also get you fresh wasabi root (the real stuff). This is going to be my new goto sushi spotEnjoyed the Omakase tonight. Some highlights included the otoro, king salmon, amberjack (which had some nice floral notes), and the unagi (which I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed the addition of wasabi to the sweet and savory). The dishes opened really strong and everything was satisfyingly tasty, but the meal ended rather abruptly and there was very little guidance through the courses. Overall, a favorable experience, but would have appreciated more care in his execution and maybe more obvious thought into the progression of the meal. It would also be nice to have the counter set up such that we can see the chef at work, but I would still say it was a worthwhile experience and an enjoyable meal with definite high points.The veggie ramen was sub par. The broth did not get interesting until I was almost done eating. At first taste it was very very watery and almost flavorless. Did I mix my noodles? Yes. The nicest thing about this ramen was the presentation. I understand that vegan ramen is not traditional but it's definitely possible to make delicious. It was not worth the price. I hope y'all work on the recipe  and improve the flavor.Finally a great sushi place in Fishtown! Not only delicious sushi but tasty ramen too. And they have vegetarian options. Really small place. They were playing Beatles and David Bowie on repeat which was a huge plus. I've gotten take out ramen as well and it's just as good. Looks like a hole in the wall from the outside but well worth the visit.This may be my new favorite ramen place. Strong execution and bold flavors had me dreaming of ramen for the next couple of days. I'll be back.Finally made it in for Joseph's omakase meal. Outstanding and probably one of the best meals we have had in Philly. The taro with caviar and gold leaf blew us away, only to be followed by a steady stream of tHe best sashimi and sushii I have haD in US. Bring an excellent daiginjo sake to match the quality of this food.I wanted good sushi and omakase in the Philadelphia area and I came across this place on yelp. The pictures looked so good so I was excited to try it out.
The place was smaller than I expected but nevertheless, I was looking forward to the food. Their menu didn't have too many fish options but I was able to try some such as the salmon, yellowtail, and eel. They didn't have any tuna when I went and I was so looking forward to it so it was disappointing to hear that. I have to say all the dishes I had were so good especially the eel!! I highly recommend the eel. I might have to come back and try the tuna sushi. 
The service was decent. She didn't come to refill my tea drink and it wasn't that busy but the food came out pretty quick. If you want to try good quality sushi and don't mind spending some $$$ then I will recommend this place.I heard rumors of how good the food was. Initially I was surpised at the location but once you're inside, you forget about the noise of girard street. We came to celebrate a 60th birthday and was happy to find they had a dining room section that feels private. The server was very attentive to not just my party but the other tables as well. The food - crispy rice and bao buns were the appetizer faves, sushi errythang, ramen broth was OMG bangin - was everything i hoped for. i'm still trying to figure out what that ramen broth was. if you like milky bone broth or oxtail soup, that broth'll hit the spot and have you wanting more.Cozy ambiance, complimentary cup of hot tea, amazing sushi. The sushi/sashimi is high quality and super fresh, which is why it is a bit pricey but it's worth it. Honestly probably some of the best sushi I've had in the city. Haven't done the omakase yet but very excited to try it at some point because I'm sure it will be spectacular. I've only tried one of their ramen dishes (I think they've added a couple more varieties) and it was delicious - the toppings are fresh and generous.Nope.
Yelpers came up short on this one.
Decided to try this place today based on good reviews....
I should've walked out as soon as I smelled mildew inside the restaurant... or were loiters on the steps of both entrances a big warning sign?
I ordered the chirashi and some of the fish smelled fishy (a big no no). One of the fish pieces also had a bone in it (another big no no)... this is a sushi restaurant, right? Even my dining partner declared, "This was the worst sushi experience!"
Go elsewhere; not worth the trip.I don't get it. Why is there not a line out the door for Dawa? This is indisputably among the top sushi and ramen restaurants in Philadelphia with superb fish at very fair prices yet it's never busy when I've eaten there. Everything on the menu is delicious. The restaurant itself is basic and it's corner location at Girard and Front is not terribly inviting, but the food is lightyears above your typical sushi place. Dawa is BYOB making it only more affordable. Don't take my word for it as the Inquirer just reviewed Dawa as a Philly favorite. So Philly do yourself a favor and have some of the best sushi in town and let's make sure Dawa survives during this difficult time for restaurants.It was a last minute decision to come here and I could see why my friend was so excited. He's been here many time but the rest of us haven't.
We started off with:
TUNA GUAC $16 (avocado mash, fresh wasabi, extra virgin olive oil, lotus chip) ohhh after re-reading the ingredients, makes sense why the chips were so crispy! We thought it was seaweed. The extra crunch was really nice. A great start to the meal.
CRISPY RICE $14 (bluefin tuna, creamy tobanjan, pickled serrano peppers) mustttt try! This reminded me of the Chinese sticky rice we eat during one of the holidays but it didn't stick to my teeth which was nice. The contrast of savory, warm, and crispiness from the rice with the cooler, creamy texture of the sushi was perfect.
For our main we got a couple rolls:
AVOCADO TUNA ROLL
AVOCADO SALMON ROLL
YELLOWTAIL ROLL
BRAISED PORK BAO $10
DUCK BAO $10
All the maki were really good with a big chunk of fish with thin layer of rice.
The baos came two per order. The pork was a good size chunk with and a bit fatty. Both had a sweet sauce that I would have preferred a little less of but otherwise, they were good.
Finally, BYOB & friendly staffBest ramen in Philly. The selection is much smaller than some sushi/ramen places, but less is more with this place.Best Ramen I've had so far! The broth they use is so good. A little spicy but I like it. Also their bao buns are amazing!! Their prices are aren't too bad.The food is good but ABSOLUTELY not worth the wait. At the 2 hour mark for when we sat down all food was not brought out and the wrong food was brought out as well. The servers did not check in or care. And it was not very busy. There is no excuse for this. There's much better places for food and service quality in Philly.This place is amazing. The duck bao buns were so good- the duck was fall apart tender and juicy. I've had a lot of bao buns in my life and these were probably the best. 
The sushi was fresh and the ramen was flavorful. On top of that, the prices are reasonable. I  wish I could give this place a zillion stars.Best kept secret in Fishtown. Love the way Chef Joe puts his heart into the sushi that he makes. Fish is always fresh and I can always trust him to bring me exotic and rare fish to widen my fish-tasting horizon. Definitely recommended!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This was my first time at Da-Wa and it did not disappoint. The sushi tasted fresh and high quality. We got the dumplings and cha shu ramen to share. They were both delicious and the ramen was filling. There's definitely more expensive options on the menu, but what we got was all reasonably priced.
The restaurant did not seem busy when we went, which was on a Saturday night, so we had plenty of space to ourselves. The only thing that I didn't like was that the entrance was weirdly hard to find but we called and they directed us.
Would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a good sushi spot!When I saw a sushi/ramen place had opened a three min walk from me with 5 stars rating on Yelp, I basically jumped at the chance to go. $100 later, it was not worth it, especially for lunch. To say I was disappointed, would be an understatement. Everything was just mediocre. Sushi was falling apart. Ramen was literally ramen noodles you buy from the grocery store. The suppose to be bar high seats to the bar high table were awkward fit. As much as I wanted to find a new go to place, for what you get for the price, I probably won't return.Ordered veggie tempura and veggie ramen, both were phenomenal. I'll be dreaming about the ramen.I always order from dawa every other friday. Most of the time i always get the Cha Shu Ramen . I ordered it as take out since I work near dawa. The portion is good, they got the broth in other container. I must say, this is one of the best ramen that I had. The broth is really tasty and a little bit spicy, the noodles are perfect! Also the braised pork belly is the bomb! The fat will melt it your mouth. 5 stars for this ramen! The staff is so nice too! The chefs behind the counter and also the headchef!Best sushi you will eat fresh fish with the most amazing tasting rice. Joe is the best sushi chef around he is an expert listen to his suggestions.Doesn't look like much from the outside but the sushi is fresh and authentic. The restaurant is owned by a seasoned sushi chef and you can tell he is passionate about his fish. The appetizers are really good. Highly recommend the edamame, crispy rice, and fatty tuna.
The service is good. The chef gave us a few free things to try when we sat at the bar.This is my favorite ramen/sushi spot. The veggie ramen and shrimp tempura is a 2-3x's per week meal. It's a family owned business. If you want delicious ramen/sushi check them out.This is it. We have finally found the place. My husband and I moved from California, where amazing sushi places abound, about a year and a half ago and we miss Cali Asian food so much. We had tried many places in search of at least decent sushi in Philadelphia but to no avail (I'm sorry, dear Philly ppl, those sweet, fried rolls are not really sushi). After much disappointment, we thought we had to keep crossing over to Jersey for Sagami. But this hole in the wall place knows what they're doing. Their raw sushi quality is better than Sagami's. Hope this place survives and prospers during and beyond the pandemic.Absolute fire diesel, low cost, and impeccable service. I've had a happy ending after each of my meals, splendid.1st review in a minute. Pregnancy has not been kind. With that being said, this preggo had a craving for ramen and just to eye some sushi . Always like checking Yelp for new places and this gem popped up. Couldn't resist trying an up and coming place. We came in here on a Tuesday night and they had a pretty decent crowd. When you first walk in there's places to sit at the sushi counter and a few high tops along the wall. It appears small, but there's a lot more seating around the wall. We started with the fried dork dumplings, they have my mouth as I write this. Perfect combo of minced pork, cabbage, and green onions. Next came the California roll, minus the real sushi, it was enough to satisfy my craving. Cha-shu ramen was next. Perfect little bowl of pork, bak choy, corn, and noodles. The broth was perfect and everything I want to go back to when I'm sick. Perfect size bowl for $12 and the broth was the best I've had. Can't wait to go back and try there 22 course meal for $100. Thinking this place must be a BYOB since I saw customers sporting spirits when they came through the door!