The coworkers and I decided to avoid Main Street after an early day, and there was a super annoying bar crawl dominating our first stop. So we basically looked for where they had just come from to avoid running into them again, and wound up and Dawson St.
Where did this place come from? I was expecting something about a half-step up from a dive, but what I got was seitan quesadillas and a killer bar!
Two of us had vodka with their homemade cucumber lemonade. I usually don't go for anything fruity when I'm out because it's so overpowering, but this was one of the most refreshing drinks I've ever had. Light and cool without being saccharine sweet. Amazing.
And the food! A couple of the guys shared a cheese tray, which comes with beer pairings. The bartender seems to just kind of wing it with the pairings, and our beer connoisseurs were highly impressed.
Also impressive, the vegetarian selection. Three out of the five of us are veg, and even in Manayunk we usually resign ourselves to a basket of fries when we're out drinking. Not so this time! In fact, the vegetarian selections were so incredible that even the omnivores ended up choosing veggie stuff. Seriously, how many bars feature seitan?
Also, attention smokers, they have a pretty nice little hidden patio area. Sure everyone can go out there and grab one of the tables, but for those of us with the cancer sticks it is a welcome relief from standing on the sidewalk all night.
My one gripe (other than having to pay ATM fees) would be the speed. They might have still been recovering from the pub crawl that had just passed through, but service seemed a little slow for mid-afternoon, especially since we were the only ones there when we ordered.
Other than that, though, Dawson St. is probably my new favorite place to get some killer food, amazing drinks (made by someone who knows her stuff) and generally chill while avoiding the Manayunk frat-grown-up scene.Excellent place. Love their happy hour deals and they have amazing vegetarian options. If you're in Manayunk it is well worth your while to check this place out. Ive been going here for a while and never had a bad experience.The Dawson Street Pub is one of my favorite places in the city.  It's got an incredible beer selection -- you can always find at least one or two Yards varieties on tap along with a nice mixture of other local and national microbrews (they also have a massive list of delicious bottled beers).  And the food is excellent for bar food.  I recommend the burgers and the Jerk Chicken sandwiches.
The things that set this bar apart from most others (other than the beer selection), though, are the people and the music.  I've been going to the Dawson St. Pub for years now and it's tough to find a better bunch of people than you're likely to meet at the this place.  And they consistently get good musical acts to play there every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.  Dawson Street Pub has been a regular hangout for some of Philly's most talented local musicians -- you never know who might stop in to play a set on any given night.Great dive bar and the food is good. It's nice in the summer when you can sit outsideAwesome little neighborhood bar, great beer selection (including three casks!) and a small but fun food menu. Bartender knew his beer and was fast and friendly. The duo of chili cheese dogs, one of that night's specials (for perspective, the other special was a ham sandwich with apples and Brie) were excellent bar food. 
As a non-resident, when I thought of Manayunk before, I always thought of Main Street Manayunk down the hill. Dawson Street is most decidedly not that. I'm not entirely sure what it is, but it appears to me to be a place where the residents of the adjacent neighborhood of densely-packed rowhouses go to watch the Phillies or Eagles, have some upscale bar food, and knock back quality craft beers.Why don't I come here more often ? It's tucked away on the end of little old Dawson Street and you may not ever notice it unless you're a Yelper or someone else in your neighborhood who loves good food, beer and live music tips you off. I stopped in yesterday on a whim (making it my 2nd visit) and was met with an added bonus! On the 3rd weekend of every month (kind of weather permitting), an outside food source "Philly Blind Pig" rolls in with his smoker and serves up some incredibly awesome and unique dishes ! We arrived just as most of the food was being pulled out to serve for the evening .... But unfortunately only had like 25 minutes to spend at the bar before we had to roll. That was just enough time for us to have a beer and an order of "moink balls" .. Never heard of them ? Oh they're just meatballs wrapped in bacon. Mmmm BACON. I wish we could have stayed longer and sampled some of the other enticing items on the menu ... Like Polish Lasagna (layers of pierogies , kielbasa laced ricotta cheese and some smoked meat ) Can't wait to come back when we have to more to hang, eat and drink ! The atmosphere is casual corner bar .. The kind of place you could hole up in and relax and hang out for hours ! Parking is a little tricky but can be achieved ! Don't get discouraged and skip this spot !Place is bogus unless there's a band playing. Regardless of that fact, the bartenders are usually miserable. Expensive cash only destination.This place stressed me out. We sat down but no one came to serve us. Ok fine. No problem. After some waiting and no one telling us what to do, I ordered at the bar. I wasn't hungry so I just got a beer- my friend got a quesadilla and chicken sandwich. The quesadilla took a half hour to come out--- it's literally just a tortilla and cheese... How does that take long??? The chicken sandwich took an HOUR. It wasn't even that busy. FINALLY got the bill-- had to ask for it, had to ask for everything, even utensils. Cash only, great. Didn't realize until we asked of course. When we complained about simple food taking forever the guy said he'd take the food off the bill, gave us the bill with everything on it... Wtf. When we questioned it, he took the two beers we got off- fine whatever. I just wanted to get out of there. ITS LIKE THEY COOK ON A SINGLE HOT PLATE. BEWARE. I would only go here if I was already trashed and it was late and I was feeling desperate. What a craphole!!!!What a GEM to find in Manayunk! 
We stopped by for Happy Hour on Sunday (!!!) with a few friends. The place was empty when we walked in. For a dive bar they have excellent beers choices and even better food. I was able to get a great Unibroe beer for $4 and enjoy some tasty VEGAN bbq wings for $2.50. This place was beyond friendly - they even gave us a sample of the beer they were switching out on tap. My only complain was that the food came out super slow but it was worth the wait.
If I lived closed I definitely could see myself making this an after work habit!Nice little neighborhood pub with a *great* beer selection.  If you love micro/craft brews, this is the place for you in MYK.Love love love this place.  Its very casual with an amazing beer selection.  There wings are decent and I love there veggie burger.  The bartenders are great and each on is attentive without being up your butt and very knowledgeable about all the different beers.
Cash only but like the other reviews I can tell you there is an atm on sight.
very relaxed almost like you went to hang out at a friends house who just happens to have an amazing beer selection!Okay, this is a total responsive review based on my recent visit when something rubbed me the wrong way.  First off, Dawson's Street is a gem in a neighborhood that really needs such an establishment.  This is a great beer bar and one among few in the northwest Philly area.  Great beer, good food, and I met my wife here... But they charge a Phila alcohol tax???  I've never seen this before.  If I go into a bar and order a Lager, it costs $4.  $4 straight up!  These guys are charging tax on my tab!  I don't get it.  Maybe I should have been paying cash for each round as we go.  The bill came to about $40 and there was a $3+ tax added.  I asked the bartender what the tax was all about and she just kinda mumbled and blah blah.  She didn't have a real explanation.  My problem is that I'm already paying a premium for the beer at $8.50 a bottle.  Why is Dawson's Street the only bar I've been to in 12 years charging tax on beers?  Great beers but I don't like to feel I'm being swindled and that's how I felt when I left the bar tonight.Go see my man Dan. talk about a chill way to spend a night. Thursday nights 5-7 best happy hour secret in the yunk. Good beer. Good food. Good vibesMy friend is a regular at Dawson Street because she lives down the street.  She's Terrace Street Posse.  The beer was serious; I especially like that they have multiple choices if you're into local brew.  Happy went until 7, but after that beers were priced to be on par with Manayunk inflation.  Oh well, I'll give them the benefit...because we are in a recession and the beer prices weren't outRAGeous.
One other observation was the jukebox.  There was an amazing collection of artists in there...but the albums were all the slightly less popular one of really popular artists.  For example, they had a Coldplay album!  But it was Parachutes rather their first critically acclaimed and eventually super popular rush of blood to the head.  And I really wanted to hear Immigrant Song, but they didn't have that Zeppelin album...
I'd definitely go back.Dawson Street is a solid neighborhood dive that gets extra points for their happy hour.  5-7 Monday-Saturday (not sure about Sunday) with half priced drafts and cheap wings.  They usually have a good draft list with a wide array of micro brews.  Sometimes, none of them are to my liking however.  The wings are cheap during happy hour, but just of average quality.  They are large, but tend to not be crispy enough.  Take away happy hour, and Dawson Street would lose a star.  The atmosphere is only ok.  The lighting is lacking.  Thereis often live music with a cover, but the bands are seriously hit or miss.  The staff is nice, but I have hit slow food service and bar tending at times.  Depends on who is working.  Cash only.  There is at ATM in the back.Best happy hour in manayunk. Great food, fresh fries, and half off all draft beers from 5-7. Rotating beer selection and friendly staff make it a great experience.We love that we live in walking distance to this neighborhood bar! Dawson Street Pub offers yummy food, great beer selection, and friendly service! They offer a 7-day happy hour and have plenty of live music. Only drawback would be that they are cash only but, do offer an ATM inside. Cheers!I would have given this one 4 stars back in the day, but it still earns a solid 3, 3-1/2.  I've gone to Dawson for many years and have seen it continue to evolve.  Gone are the days of rotting beer stench from the tap trays and the smell of urine from the mens bathroom.  They've really fixed the place up a lot over the years.  That's been a good thing.  Great beer selection, if somewhat on the pricey side (c'mon, if freakin' Johnny Brenda's in hipstertown, I mean Fishtown, can offer $3 Kenzinger pints all the time, why not a local corner spot?).  Some ok specials throughout the week, though sadly $2 Guinness Mondays are a long-gone thing of the past, as is the pool table.  My only real gripe with this place is that they have live musicians in there all the freaking time now.  That's cool if you don't mind loud music in a really small place, but it's definitely not conducive to a relaxed night of chill conversation.  But hey, some people love to go out to hear local musicians but when I go to a bar it's to drink beer and relax.  Worth checking out if you've never been.Great pub for a quick informal beer. Their beer selection is fabulous, and they get bonus points for having Budwiser banned on their menu. Dave the owner is a good guy. The happy hour is more than reasonable, and the food is great.
About the only complaint I have is that they could really use an ipod hook up... it can be a little creepy without some music some timeDive bar with great happy hour specials and a great craft beer selection. Perfect location for those of us who live a little further from Main Street and want somewhere closer to grab a quick bite or a drink!I love that this place is only 2 streets over from my house! I get the same thing everytime I go & always love it - the bacon burger & fries & apple beer. Their special dipping sauce for the fries is awesome too. The only downside is that they don't take cards (do have an ATM though) & their late-night bartender (tall blonde) looks/acts like she hates life everytime I've ever been around her.Best happy hour and draft list in Manayunk. Come for barbecue weekend, you won't be disappointed!So Have to update my review since the last time I was in there. Over priced for beer. They are cash only. The waitress asked us if we would need napkin and utensil's since they are trying to "go green" If you serve food, you just put it out. The owner ? cook was complaining about his negative yelp reviews. Probably not going back.This is my local corner bar. Friendly staff and customers make it feel like cheers. 
Happy Hour prices are the big draw for me. A page of the menu is half off along with the entire beer menu. 
Let's talk about the beer. I feel that they must have the most spectacular arrangements with a bunch of breweries because they are constantly getting single kegs of small batch beer from yards mostly but several others too. It's great fun to expand your pallette on the cheap.
There is live music several nights a week, and occasionally it's a really great show brought to you by xpnGreat place to find real craft beers.  Very comfortable spot and a hidden gem in manayunk.We stopped by for a beer at the end of the work day before going to the movies. It must have been an off day - we were two of maybe 4 people there total. It's definitely a dive - but they have an awesome draft list that is extremely well priced. If I lived in the neighborhood, I feel like I'd be here a lot!Cool place to go on the weekend with a band playing. A lot of good beers. It's a bit crowded with a band there tho, but not too bad. The only real problem I have is that this past summer they didn't have AC, which was a killer (I can't imagine how the bartender felt). Outside of that, not a bad place to go any day of the week.Cute local bar. Lots of seating.  Phillies games are fun because they do dollar hot dogs. Pretty good beer selection too.Went here a couple weeks ago to see a friend's band play. The place was actually pretty cool. Nice bar, beer selection, comfortable atmosphere, nice little spot for the band to play. The parking situation is AWFUL, but that's not the bar's fault.
So, if it was so nice, why the 2 stars? 
The bartender.
Oh. My. GOD.
I've had some shitty bartenders. I've had them steal money from me, ignore me, repeatedly bring me the wrong thing. This one takes the cake. No idea what her name is, but she's tall, with blonde hair and a constantly shitty, mean look on her face. 
I've never actually been scared to ask for a beer from a bartender before. Any question (no matter how nicely asked or how simple) was responded to with a glare and a short, snarky answer. Some friends of ours came in a little after us and one of the asked what kind of domestic beers they had and the bartender loudly huffed, turned around, grabbed a beer menu, slammed it down on the bar and walked away. After that, we started hearing other people at the bar talking about how awful she was. I really wanted to order food, but didn't want to have to talk to her at all, so I went hungry. 
Dawson, you seem to have a genuinely nice bar and despite the parking, I'd love to come back and re-review, but under no circumstances will I EVER be back while that woman works there. I have no idea how she's managed to keep her employment there after one service. She is completely ruining your establishment.I like this place because it has grown with me. 
When I was younger, I used to frequent dives- and this was one.
Now that I am older- it has cleaned it's act up (but not too much to turn me off) and it is a great place to go. 
Awesome selection of beer on draft-- at least a dozen yummy mostly domestic brews. And a beautiful old wood bar to drink them at.
They do have a website and bands play here, so check that out too.
The food is also pretty good for bar food. Nice place to meet pals and shoot the shit.Sometimes you wander off the beaten path and find a best kept secret! We went to Dawson Street Pub to hear our friend's band, but discovered just how amazing this pub truly is. No worries your GPS will take you perfectly to the front door, but the tricky part is the parking you just may be lucky enough to find offstreet parking in walking distance. Once inside the pub is cozy with a large TV for sports viewing and more amazing  beer sections than I could have imagined, that they include in a menu format. They have live music and food and drink specials daily.
The Bartender and Staff go out of their way to show amazing service.
If your in the Philly Manayunk area make a stop at this Pub it's worth the trip!Best happy hour hands down in Philadelphia!   7-days a week!
3 grilled cheese and tomato with fries and awesome dipping sauce.  2.50 awesome quesadilla with hand made salsa and sour cream.  Oh and half price on all craft beers. Cash only. Good live music sometimes on weekends.  Owner Dave very nice guy- service is top notch -Each time I've been there, I've had an awesome experience.  They have a great selection of craft beers and tap beers.  I'm also a vegetarian, and they have quality and unique vegetarian meals.  I'm amazed at how high quality the food is for being just a small neighborhood pub.  The vegetarian chili and wings are especially excellent!  The service is fast and the bartenders are friendly.  I definitely recommend it!Amazing, absolutely delicious seitan wings. I've heard from a friend that he actually sometimes gets the seitan wings over regular ones because they are just THAT good. I've been going around the city trying seitan wings and Dawson has literally made the best I've had so far. The hummus was incredible too - with a huge plate full of fresh veggies, pita bread, olives and feta cheese. I was taken aback with the beer selection as well, they have a huge, huge list of craft beer. This place is a gem. Bartender was extremely nice, too! There's a beer garden on the side so I'm counting down the days to when it gets a little warmer - I know where I'll be going! Happy hour prices are SUCH a good deal and BTW it's CASH ONLY.Nice local dive bar for us in Manayunk.  Cheap happy hour specials and pretty decent food (i crave the fries and dipping sauce).  Outside patio for warm days.
$1 hot dogs during Phillies games is pretty cool.We love the bartender Kwinn!!!! We come On Thursdays and Sundays to see her.Finally we found a bar in the neighborhood that we enjoy.  They have a nice selection of rotating beers and a good menu.  Its not far from Main Street but draws a much different crowd, and I don't feel overrun by sports or pounding music.  Great place to relax for Happy Hour or an evening of beer.Nice little bar. Has a old school feel to it. The wings were some of the best I have had in the area. Cash only.I came here on the recommendation of Yelp and was not disappointed. I got the mango wings which were ridiiculllously hot (I'm a spicy food junkie with what my friends claim thousands of dead taste buds and even I was tearing up) ... but sooooo yummy! My friend ordered the chorizo burger and fries and both were very very good too. Don't you worry my vegetarians they serve seitan as well... this impressed me because I don't think I've ever been to a bar that serves seitan! 
Just as our food came out a live jazz band was setting up and began playing... They were really great and I was having a jolly ole time getting wing sauce all over my face and listening to some good tunes... Oh and i forgot to mention their awesome selection of beers. They have pages upon pages of bottles and a pretty solid selection on tap.  Yes!
It's in the middle of nowhere so I'm guessing mainly frequented by locals?My friend and I got glances from everyone at the bar when we first came in. My only negative thing I have to say about this place is that the bartender was a huge bitch but even so I'm a fan!went last night. had a great time. 
its a small spot but a comfortable atmosphere. i only had the curry ginger wings. the sauce was delicious but the wing was pretty fatty. i enjoyed it though.
i was a little disappointed that the line-up included 4 bands. by 1am no one was there to see the "headliner". when we arrived at 10:30pm it was packed and a great vibe.
i'd suggest they limit the number of bands playing a night to 2 or 3 at the most.
the bartender girl (tall, blonde hair) was mean looking and acting the whole night. maybe she should find a behind-the-scenes job of choice.
i'd recommend this place to a group of friends who love live music and beer. the beer prices were great. the beer selection was even greater.Delicious bar menu & lots of excellent veggie options. Personally had the veggie burger 3 times never disappoints. Super nice staff tooLocal bar. Food is cheap, decent beer selection. Less than admirable drink pours. Cash only.Good little pub in the Roxborough-Manayunk area just a couple of blocks north of Main Street that manages to completely rid itself of the Main Street vibe. This, in and of itself, is not necessarily a good or bad thing, but it is nice to have something in the area that is truly different, and that manages to maintain its blue collar roots.  
I've been a number of times, mostly for either lunch or after-work drinks.  Usually not very crowded at these times, especially at lunch.  People apparently haven't discovered the very good food that this place serves up.  From the outside it looks like you're about to step into a neighborhood dive bar from 20 or 30 years ago, and it maintains that aura as you walk through the door.  Only when you sit down and notice the better-than-average beer selection and taste some very good food does it really set itself apart.  It's not very often that you find such good things in a bar that is, at it's heart, a neighborhood dive.  And it's not one of those fake dive-bar-lookalike places, like a NoLibs or Center City 'dive bar' that is made to look run down to attract hipster types.  The crowd is mostly local, either living or working within a few blocks, but they're generally very friendly. 
Like I said, they have a full bar, and a better-than-average beer selection that rotates regularly.  Don't go in expecting a massive line of taps like at Standard Tap, or the bottle heaven of Eulogy or Teresas.  Do go in expecting to be able to find a beer you probably haven't tried before, and individuals willing to help you make a choice.  And also don't expect to see the same things on tap every time you visit.  This can be good or bad depending on the person.  I like trying new things, though, so it's good for me.  
I docked a star because, well, I only give 5 stars to places that are truly amazing.  It's nothing really against DSP.  I also took into account the fact that they do not take credit cards.  Yes, there is an ATM on site, but you'll walk away with probably $5 in ATM fees once the bank is done with you.  Parking can be a bit of a hassle, too, if you're not terribly familiar with the area or it happens to be busy.  It wouldn't hurt them to upgrade the tables and chairs, either, as they look like they came from a 1980s gas station waiting room.Great food, great beer list. 
Caught some music there, we liked this spot. Saw the Flyers, ate good food, enjoyed the Christmas decor. Off the beaten path, but that's where I aim.  Bartender could not have been cooler and friendlier.. quick service.. great vibe. Kudos. 
Did I mentioned GREAT beer list.. 3 beer engines too. . go. now.Great place to see live performance. I saw the Songdogs and Route611 there and it was a great time.went in to watch the phillies game. had never been. manyunk is not my part of town. love the outside smoking area. crowd was nice. the bartender was exceptional. she was super helpful and attentive. not overbearing. cheerful. didnt eat, so nothing to say about that. but its a really cool, non douchey place to grab a drink. not swanky or divey. perfect in between. cash only , which is weird. but theres an atm on site.So Dawson seems to be continually evolving.  They offer a bunch of vegetarian option on their menu, though the seitan needs tweaking, and have some good drink specials through the week.  Check out $2 Tuesdays where they have lots of menu items for just two bucks.This is my favorite bar in Philadelphia.  It has a friendly and inviting atmosphere, great beer selection, great bar food, and great music.
Weekends feature the best of local musicians.  The open mic night is one of the best in Philly.  Everyone is welcome and you hear everyone from people just starting to some of the best local musicians. 
There are great food and drink specials during Philly sporting events and other local and national events.  Really, the Dawson has it all covered,
If these are things that you like, then this is the bar for you.Wow, this is the king of craft beer heaven.  I walked into the bar on a Friday night with five other people as we were on a bar crawl.  The first three were the Terrace Tavern, Old Eagle & The East End.  We were greeted at the door by someone carding which was quite flattering to all us as the youngest person was 29, so bring your cards.  It seemed the bar had and endless selection of quality beer which I won't even begin to describe.  If you like beer this is one of the top places in the city to find well above average beer.  The bar had some entertainment going on as it was close to 1 A.M. and I did notice a bar menu but found the selection of cheese on a blackboard to be most intriguing.  The bar itself is quite relaxed with a few tables and a small lounge in the back.  Well the last place on the tour is T.Hogan's and it's about 5 minutes away by foot so this makes for the perfect bar crawl.  I'm sure to return as I just love the vibe of this place and recommend you check it out for yourself.An awesome "off the main strip" kind of place to visit in Manayunk. Amazingly fair prices and one hell of a beer selection! I, as always, took advantage of their on draft cider, Jacks; which is always refreshing and light. To accompany my mid-week indulgence, an artisanal gourmet grilled cheese with fresh hand-cut fries! Absolutely delicious! The best part was the bill... Way less expensive than the showy joints on Main Street. It's a cool off the cuff place to meet up with friends and enjoy a great beer selection and gourmet bar food. Add in some local music and you've got yourself a night to remember.
Just a tip... It's cash only. It would obviously be better if they accepted cards... (Get with Squareup.com) but it's still worth the visit.Bad. One word that describes this place perfectly. Horrible parking situation, horrible food, horrible service. Manayunk parking in general is outrageously stupid so it's not their fault, however everything else is just unacceptable. Came here yesterday, on the whim, just for relaxing thursday night imbibement session. Had to pay a five dollar cover to get in to hear this pretty darn good jazz band, so the night started out a-ok. Then everything went downhill. Bartender, you need a new profession. We will get back to her in a bit, first lets talk about the food. Not one thing I ordered came out good and I ordered from the specials menu, lentil soup, barf. Pork Sandwich with sauerkraut and french fries, pork was dry, bread basically fell apart as I grabbed it and the fries would have killed me If i had cholesterol problems. Now the bartender, she was attentive, and did seem overworked, but If you give me the bill and I show you that the prices are wrong, and you don't do anything about it, there is an issue. If the beers are advertised as 4.50 and I get charged 5.00 don't make some bull excuse telling me that there is tax on them, then I call you out and you blame it on the machine. I don't care who's fault it is I should not have to pay more than the advertised price. I didn't argue however and just payed the bill. This place gets an F- for customer service, I don't care how good the beers are, it's not worth it.Every time I come to Philly to visit my buddy I stop in here.  Small, dive-ish bar with happy hour 7 days a week, live bands, and a big vegetarian menu.  I love it here!  Parking in the area is suspect at best, being it's in a residential area so if you can walk or u we do so.I had a great experience at this pub last night!  I had never even heard of this place, but a friend's band was playing (in celebration of Johnny Cash's birthday), so I figured I would give it a try.  Immediately after walking in, I liked it.  It has a very chill atmosphere, and it's dark and made of lots of wood, just luck a local beer joint should be!  Though it definitely has the "neighborhood, verging on dive-bar" feel, the draft list is incredible.  They've got a great rotating list with definitely something for everyone.  The food was also pretty reasonable bar food; nothing special, but it filled our bellies.  The service was also great; the bartender didn't forget about us, even as the bar filled up.  The acoustics were surprisingly good for a place that is about the size of a railroad car.  If I had to complain, it would be that the bar was pretty chilly, so I ended up keeping my coat on most of the night.  But really, that's about it!  All in all, a great little beer joint!Instant love. Real beer engines. Tin ceiling typical bar. The burger was a prototypical burger but with my choice of pepper Jack cheese and that is a good thing. 
This is one of the cleanest bars I've ever been in. The bar stools were full and there were 3 tables worth of people.  It made the place feel full without being crowded.  Service was friendly and prompt. 
The beer selection is an awesome mix of local and popular micro brews. 
A definite recommendation as a bar.  I later found out that this place is the 11th ranked bar in Philadelphia and I'm sure if they really nailed the menu that ranking would be higher.Every time I come to Philly to visit my buddy I stop in here.  Small, dive-ish bar with happy hour 7 days a week, live bands, and a big vegetarian menu.  I love it here!  Parking in the area is suspect at best, being it's in a residential area so if you can walk or uber do so.Such a great local bar! I'm a big fan of happy hour, dogs, and kid-friendly places. Dawson's is all of those things! Yay! 
Happy hour is everyday which rules, food and drink specials, and super friendly bartenders. Live music on some nights and it's an easy walk from the train station, hollaaaaaaa! 
Try the vegan wings!! Bring your pup! All things yay.Great spot! Prices are great, happy hour is even better. Really good selection of beer and two rotating casks is better than most bars. The vegi wings are amazing! You can usually catch the owner in there as well which is nice. Cash only is a little inconvenient and the reason for 4 stars.A small local pub tucked away in between Manayunk and Wissahickon. It has a nice, quaint atmosphere, friendly bartenders, and a respectable selection of craft beer on tap. One of the main things I like about this place is that they have good music playing - not obnoxious pop music and house music for college kids - and they often have live bands playing. I haven't tried the food yet, but I hear good things. To me, this is a great place to chill and have some beers.I was in town with a local. Otherwise I never would have found this place. Total neighborhood dive with an amazing beer selection and decent menu. We were in on a scorchingly hot summer weekend afternoon. They happened to be having a Dude Hates Cancer fundraising garage sale. The menu was all BBQ. If I wasn't dying of heat stroke and saving room for dinner I would have dug in! I hear they have a decent local music scene - check that out if that's your thing. I'm sure I'd be back if I lived anywhere nearby. Pull up a stool often if you're lucky enough to have this place in your backyard.7 Day a Week Happy Hour.  Worth Repeating - 7 Days a Week!
Happy hour at Dawson's means cheap food and cheaper drinks.  Their food is pretty awesome.  Get the hummus plate, which comes with a huge pile of veggies and enough hummus to dip to your hearts content. I usually get a grilled cheese as well - pick your bread and cheese.  Add tomato for free and bacon for a bit extra.  Either way, it comes with fries.
Prices, even non-happy hour, are reasonable.  Cash only, which can be tough, but they have an ATM on site.  Great, great beer selection.  They have a decent number of taps and plenty of bottles.
I can't speak personally to the live music, other than they have some on occasions with a small cover charge.  It is not a huge bar, but not so small that you wouldn't want to be there for a show.  Happy hour seating does seem to fill up, especially on Friday afternoons.  Consider getting there a bit early if you'd like a seat at the bar.It was Saturday in Roxborough and the only bar near by on was Dawson's pub. I was set in calling it Dawson's creek. I was joking about running into charecters from the 90's TV drama. My friend was convinced it was an awful place and I was determined to have the best time ever there. There was live music inside, they were covering psuedo-regea band sticky fingers. I had a Manhatten or two while I was there. I didn't quite have the best time ever but for a dive bar I found it not bad. Worth checking out as there aren't many other bars close by this area of Roxborough.Great local bar a bit off the beaten path. They have food. Is that a complement? Not sure. But they have a cool bar. Cool bartenders. Cool owner with a cool car, (always parked out front) cool people hang out and drink. I think that's what your supposed to do at a cool bar. They play cool tunes too! It's all cool. Free but difficult parking.Great place to hang out for decent priced beer. No Credit Cards so its easy to limit yourself if you need that. The wings and fries are great but take my advice and do not try the cheese plate. It was terrible and one of the cheeses was old.So after going there dozens of times I learned this. The lady with the blonde hair and the mustache will automatically give you an attitude from the second you walk in there, till you leave. No smile. No thanks. Just bitchiness the whole time. In your time their you wonder why does she work here?? Hmm ohhh it's cuz her family member owns the place. The foods okay. The beer pricing for happy hours decent. But the overall tone that this bartender sets puts this place in the dirt for me. This place would be a lot better if Paula worked more and the miserable mustache lady didn't. Also if you'd like a spot at the bar, forget it. The owner and the 10 friends take the entire bar up. The live music is cramped and poorly done. If you like good live music environment, go to a place like the grape room.8 minutes and 26 seconds (downhill). This is how long it takes me to walk to Dawson's, so it's a natural first stop on any bar crawl of Manayunk.
I like Dawson's for two simple reasons: the prices (low) and the beer (varied, out-of-the-ordinary). Quirky decorations, such as a mounted stag's head with sunglasses, low-key music (think The Smiths and The Cure), and standard pub fare without the inflated prices rounds out the experience. If you are looking for a quiet, old-school atmosphere to knock back a few beers with friends, this is your bar. 
This bar rarely gets crowded and is one of the few authentic dive bars left in the neighborhood. Next time you are in the area, you have to check it out--and it doesn't matter what day you want to go, because Dawson's offers happy hour *7* days a week.Great fries, outside space, service and beer collection. Best pub in town! Gluten free beer is delicious. Sit outside with the lovely tent!!I moved to Roxborough last year and can't say how thrilled I am to have this place in the hood. Great dive bar with with live local music AND veggie wings as good as I'd get in Fishtown? Yes please. Not to mention, the hummus is the best. In fact, generally speaking this little dive has better vegetarian options than most of Manayunk/Roxborough. The happy hour is righteous. Well done all around.Music is obnoxiously loud.  I walked in the door and realized that a conversation was literally impossible.  Felt like I was at a terrible warped tour re enactment.  Most of the clientele was of the questionable variety.  Even saw a woman go to the footbridge across the street and vein pop in the shadows.  Than stumble back into the bar and still get served.
Will never go back to this shady place again.Great divey bar with a lot of craft beer options on tap, as well as in the fridge. This is the perfect place to listen to live music. On Wednesday they have Open Mic Night, no cover price. Just remember that it is cash only. They have an ATM in the back.Cool local spot with above average food.  It's def a locals place, but they're friendly
And lots of live musicThe Dawson Street Pub is a neighborhood dive bar tucked in the middle of Manayunk/Roxborough. I discovered this place after I moved into the area after my ex-wife Cynthia and I ended our marriage after 14 years. 
It was an amicable split but still heartbreaking. We've tried to make it as easy as possible for our twin sons Bradley and Bryan (B'n'B). I know I made a lot of mistakes. I really put too much of a priority on work -- I'm an actuary specializing in developing risk models for parking garage companies. However, I've been working on developing more of a work-life balance courtesy of the counseling service via phone my company provides for. I've also known I have a deep rooted fear of commitment and also a fear of taking risks. Those may be great strengths as an actuary -- in fact, they ARE great strengths for actuaries -- but they're not positive attributes for either a husband or father.
I came here at the suggestion of Tonya M. I met Tonya M. on an OK Cupid date a few months back. The date went well but Tonya confessed to me that she had recently been let go out of jail as she served 18 months for committing voter fraud. It wasn't really her fault -- her boss pressured her into helping rig a Delaware County school board election -- but she still acted in poor judgment. Tonya and I eventually ran into each other at The Grape Room -- a FANTASTIC local establishment featuring some of the best "jam" bands in the city -- and reconnected.
Tonya and I have spent a fair amount of time together since then, largely watching "Modern Family" and "Law and Order: Criminal Intent" reruns. I've put my worries about her criminal past behind me -- she served her time and learned her lesson. She's still on probation and isn't allowed to vote without supervision. 
She said she appreciates my conservative nature. It's helped her "recalibrate," as she puts it, and no longer take wild risks in order to help get ahead in the workplace. She's learned what's important to her.
And I've learned from her, as well. I had a terrific experience my freshman year at Ramapo College in New Jersey taking a creative writing class. It always lingered in the back of my head that I should have tried to become a professional writer. However, instead, I played it "safe" like my parents encouraged. I have no qualms about my career path -- I love valuation modeling and training young actuaries -- but I still can't help but wonder what could have been.
At Tonya's encouragement, we came to Dawson Street during an open mic night. The place has an intimate setting for local bands -- not as raucous as The Grape Room, but still a great place. Even though I don't play music, they still let me get up and read a short story I wrote called "The Actuary." Write what you know, as they say! LOL!
Afterwards, Tonya and I had a serious talk. We both agreed that our relationship was headed in a very positive direction and decided to officially become a couple. It's hard, being not-so-recently divorced, but it's time. My ex-wife Cynthia has started hanging out a lot with Doug, one of the personal trainers at the LA Fitness she goes to, according to B'n'B. She's happy and I think it's time I find happiness, too.
The Dawson Street Pub has a TERRIFIC host of craft beers. I was originally just going to go with a Sam Adams (Sammies are my favorite), but Tonya prodded me into going into something more adventurous. The bartender Sal helped me pick out a really great Belgian microbrew -- so glad I took that risk, as small as it was! Tonya and I also split some grilled cheese sandwiches and seitan wings with a delicious honey barbecue dipping sauce. 
I would recommend the Dawson Street Pub to any recently divorced men living in Manayunk/Roxborough hoping to move on to the next stage of their lives, particularly with the help and company of an understanding woman trying to escape her past forging signatures at election polling places.New to the neighborhood and I'm glad to have stumbled upon this friendly little pub with live music. I'm obsessed with their BBQ Curry WINGS!Nice little dive bar in a quiet area that has made accommodations for COVID times. Really appreciate the abundance of vegetarian options, especially for a small bar! Absolutely LOVE the seitan Buffalo wings, will be a return customer for those. Only complaint is that the bartender was not the friendliest, but we all have bad days!In case you're wondering, they do have the best veggie "wings" in the area! Quaint little hole in the wall that is better kept than your average hole in the wall. The beer selection is great, the vegetarian selection is actually pretty good, and the bartender has always been super nice. Cash only but they do have an ATM in the backWhat is a good dive bar?
It's a basic bar with bartenders who know what they are doing and drinks that are stiff and cheap.
Honestly, it's a dying breed. 
Dawson Street is just that. But what has impressed me is that Dawson's has gone beyond that. Not only do they offer affordable drinks, they also offer a nice selection of craft beer (on draft and in Bottle) and a decent selection of liqour. The service has always been friendly and welcoming, and no matter when you go there is normally a friendly local crowd. And it is clear the owner has fostered a strong community environment. 
The food is typical bar food. It's not the reason to go here, but it is a reason to stay. It's done well and is well worth the money.
It also has great happy hour specials on beer, and live music often (including a popular open Mic night). The fact I didn't lead with those facts doesn't mean they aren't amazing pluses (they are) but shows just how great a bar this is. 
And yet it also seems a bit under the radar. So if you are reading this far you clearly want to go. So just go, it's that type of place.I started coming here back in the late 1980s as it was the first craft beer bar around.  Back when Yards was still brewing in a garage in 
Manayunk.  For about 10 years we used to come here about once a week for good beer, great atmosphere and a really good chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries.  This was even the first bar we went to for my bachelor party.  
It had been about 6 years since we were last here and decided to stop in later afternoon on Saturday.  We were the only two customers at 4:30.  Asked the bartender what IPAs were on and she could not have been more bothered - pointed to the tap list (which we had not previously seen) and to the fridge.  If IPAs are your thing, this is not your bar.  While the beers are heavily local, the only IPA on tap was a spruce IPA from yards.  Bartender and others working did their best to ignore us, and in the case of the bartender she came across as decidedly unfriendly.  
It really felt like unless you're a regular here you can pretty much just fuck off back out the door.  It's a shame - we used to know everyone who worked here and it was always a friendly neighborhood bar.  My how the times have changed.  Probably would have been one start but the bathrooms are much nicer than they used to be, though the back room is like walking through someone's basement storage room now.  No more couch and cool graffiti wall.Stopped in yesterday with a group of 10.  The place was at first busy and they had an outdoor barbecue cooking.  The beer selection was very good with several good cask brews.  The food was very good as well.  We had sevral different types of wings, ribs, quesadillas.  All very tasty.
So why the low rating?  Although friendly, the service was brutal.  The bartender seemed totally perplexed by the computer/cash register system.  She repeatedly was unable to get beers poured for our table.  I had to order the same two beers 3 times until she actually remembered to get them.  It wasnt that the place was that busy all afternoon.  They either need to train the staff better or search for a more capable team.
Sorry, but I cant support a place where you have to beg to be served............Dawson's is a sweet place for happy hour! There's cheap eats and a great beer selection and live music on (some) nights. I've tried a number of things on their HH menu and haven't been disappointed. I say definitely order the wings but of course you can't go wrong with the quesadillas (yes, plural) and obviously you need to order a side of fries to share with your frandz while you're there.
There's usually plenty of street parking before 530/6PM and plenty of seating on the inside as well. If you're looking for a nice chill spot to hang out with your coworkers after work or meet up with some friends for some light boozing and major food baby cultivation, come on by Dawson's!My go to in the area. Great mix of clientele. People in their 20's to anyone older who appreciates good music. Live bands most Friday's and Saturday's. Open mic on Wednesday's and good music playing on the stereo otherwise. Or else there are movies. Not a huge tv place but they do have a pinball machine and some other arcade games in back!
The draft beer is half off EVERY DAY from 5-7. There aren't domestics we're taking about, they're high abv delicious microbrews. Right now I'm looking at a double ipa w 10% that's half off also. But not to worry those of you prefer lighter beers. There's Yeungling Premium on draft for less than anywhere else at happy hour. During regular hours it's less than even canned or bottled beers. That's a full pint btw. 
Lastly the owner is an awesome guy. He takes full responsibility of the bar and was super helpful hosting my birthday party. He made sure everything was taken care of and offered me some specials specifically for the party. 
Hands down my favorite bar in Manayunk. Again, I've said this before, parking does suck if you're trying to park after 6:30/7 pm but if you know anything about parking in Manayunk.  it's that it's not unique to this bar. That's just Manayunk. Take a Lyft anyway, you won't be legal to drive after a couple of those 10% beers. 
So to wrap it up, come here for a beer stay for the music and enjoy yourself.  It's the best bar in Manayunk if you enjoy good beer, good food, and good people.Super friendly service, good selection of beers and live music.  Didn't try anything to eat but I hear good things.  Good place to catch some local lie music anytime.