Very solid all around cheese steak, especially for a place that delivers. I was recently staying at the Embassy Suits in Center City and they delivered there very quickly. It was about 20 degrees outside and really windy so this really hit the spot and I stayed warm.I'm a reg here, we often order delivery and they come pretty quickly. Food is fast and consistent, if you haven't had Del Rossi's.....it's a must try.Quick delivery to our hotel. Awesome cheesesteak, super good hoagie, fresh veggies. Cannoli was also great! Thanks for delivering on this super chilly night!!Went inside and sat down here, not a Philly native. Sandwiches came out quick, waitress and staff were friendly.
Food was good, exactly what we expected. Place was clean, onion rings were super tasty. Would definitely go back.The pizza was on the chewy side.  Not a bad choice if you are ordering late and nothing else is open.I live right around the corner and saw this place being built for a while, so when i saw it was open, i figured i had to try one of their cheesesteaks.  I was hoping i wouldnt have to drive out to delassandro's or down to john's roast pork anymore, but i was very disappointed with this place.  the roll was great, but the meat was not sliced thin, and it wasnt chopped up like it should be, also the cheese should be mixed with the meat instead of just placed on the roll.  also, places like delassandro's give you plenty of meat, this place, the meat didnt even come close to covering the whole roll.  the decor is nice and its clean, and dont know about  the other food, but there cheesesteaks need tons of improvement.So good!! Pizza was great, cheese fries were awesome, and the workers were nice. An extra plus was that the bathrooms are kept nice and clean!I've ordered from Del Ross's many times and have a number of favorites.  Today I stopped in for a turkey burger.  WOW!!!  This burger was fresh and perfectly seasoned.  You'd expect to find this hand crafted marvel in a home kitchen, not a pizza shop.  I highly recommend.This place has a great veggie burger. Crispy outside meaty inside. I always order takeout. But they have a fairly large dining area. Their pizza is real good especially the bacon cheeseburger pizza. The small pizza is big enough for 2 meals.Love this place!!! Best pizza in northern liberties and the best cheesesteaks in Philly! I order from here all the time. The customer service is amazing! This is hands down a 5star for me!Food here is pretty dope, but these clowns have burned me multiple times and their delivery boy is a miserable old fuck.Delivery drivers are awesome!! I've got a tricky address but they're the only delivery people who find me the first time, every time. 
Also use Del Rossi's app or call in to get the Tuesday pizza special!I ordered a pizza from here and under the cheese I found a long piece of hair and it was so unappetizing to seeI ordered from this place on a whim because I had an Eat24 coupon and wanted a cheesesteak. It was absolutely disgusting. I took one bite and threw it out.Great food and great portions.  Came here with my cousin and sister after being out and about in philly.  We each had a cheesesteak, a small personal pizza to share and some fries.  Everything came out great and the service was quick.  Everyone here was super friendly.  Will definitely come backWe ordered a Friday night delivery,  took about an hour but the staff was very friendly and the food was still very good.I had one of the best cheesesteaks in Philly from Del Rossi's and I have lived in center city Philadelphia for 25 years now.  It was cheesesteak hoagie with extra sharp provolone w/ extra cheese fried onions, mushrooms and mayo.  The meat was so tender and juicy, the bread was different than most places--more like " Atlantic City" bread.  The combination of all the ingredients with lettuce and tomato was terrific!! Can't wait for another one soon!Thank my friend Jose for turning us onto this place.  Tried the rest, now have had the best cheese steak in Philly.  Cajun fries for a side and crazy good canoli for desert.  Clean and staff was great.Here are some short sentences to help you get a feeling for my favorite go-to restaurant:
- The pizza here is as close to New Haven pizza as Philadelphia can get.
- The cheesesteaks aren't bad, but the other sandwiches are much better.
- Good prices.
- They deliver past midnight.
- GrubHub orders go out just as fast (if not faster) than phone orders.
- The food is consistent.
- If you're looking for a Michelin star joint, this ain't the place.
- If you're looking for a fast and reliable meal that tastes good, this *is* the place.
PS omg cannolis amirite???Ordered the chicken bacon ranch pizza & some wings. Tasty!This place is full of one health code violation after another! Originally when this place first opened up me and my coworkers raved about how good their burgers were! One day things happened to take a turn for the worst! My meat was tough and drenched in so much oil that the bread fell apart. They changed their fries from shoe string cut, to zig zag, and now to this thicker cut and none of them were ever crispy. I've asked them in the past to place my fries in a bag to keep them from getting soggy and eventually they started doing all of their orders like that, but now even in the bags they're still soggy. After not ordering from them for a few months my coworker and I went against my better judgement and decided to give them another try. By now hoping things may have gotten better plus I've never been to the actual location before. Before leaving my office I ordered my food on my Grubhub app. My office is 10-15 mins away plus we stopped to go to CVS for a good 20 mins so I figured that was ok because it's next door to the restaurant yet my food still wasn't ready once I got there. As I waited my coworker went and ordered a slice of pizza. They were busy so I waited and I waited in horror! The staff was all over the place and not a single glove was worn in site! I watch one employee take a rag and wipe food, paper and some rolls to the edge of the cutting board so he could prepare a pizza. That wasn't before he took that same rag and tossed it onto the roll which another employee proceeded to make sandwiches with! Next an older woman began making sandwiches along with the other young lady and because she was short she couldn't properly reach some ingredients she needed. She then proceeded to lean over the cutting board boobs mashed completely against the sandwich and once she had what she need she proceed to finish making the same sandwich! Mind you NOBODY was wearing ANY GLOVES! Between that and the pizza man rubbing his ungloved hands on his nose while making pizzas the cashier woman finally asked me had I been helped. I hesitated because I was in a state of shock but told her no and gave her my name. She couldn't find my food so I waited some more....Now I started looking at the food on the floor and then my eye began to watch the man on the grill. Jesus Christ where do I begin...well for starters a lot of cross contamination with the meats. Beef, steak and chicken prepared in the small spot on the grill and shoved off to the side. Cheese sat in a metal pan next to the grill melting and clearly not kept at the temperature it should be. I found out why my burgers have been so oily it was because the man was pressing the meats so hard against the grill cooking out all of the natural oils and grabbing this bottle of oil dumping it all over the meat. After waiting over 20 mins, my coworker asked if our food was ready. We were advised that her pizza was forgotten in the over and that my order wasn't anywhere to be found. I was finally able to get someone's attention and asked them to cancel my order because I couldn't stomach it. The young lady was ready to give me a refund and this old woman started yelling at her "I told you her order was ready! The bag is right here!" all while she's slamming my bag of food on the counter. The young lady still being polite says she didn't know and the old woman has now marched towards the kitchen and is yelling towards the girl speaking to a guy who I believe was the manager. I whispered to the girl "If you're going to get in trouble for this then don't worry about it I'll just take the food" she apologizes again and I got out of there. I get to work and the fries are soggy, the burger is burnt, tasteless, full of oil and the lettuce were wilted. I threw the whole bag out and proceeded to write this review...I will never go to this dump again!This place has quickly become our new go-to for sandwiches, strombolis and pizza in NoLibs.  Everything we have ordered, from the buffalo chicken cutlet sandwich to the meatball Stromboli, has been amazing.  The guys who work there are super friendly and the food is always ready fast, whether you order in person, by phone or via GrubHub.  Everything is reasonably priced and you definitely get value for your money.  I've never been disappointed with Del Rossi's food or service and will continue to order from them.  I do wish they sold beer though (which Plaza Pizza in the shopping center across the street does)I really did enjoy this place. The cashier was incredibly friendly, and the food service was quick. The server was friendly and sweet. The food was good, I ordered a cheesesteak with onions and sharp provolone. The free soda with a check in was an awesome touch! I would recommend this joint for a cheesesteak.As me and my friend were leaving the casino,.....she spotted Del Rossi's Chzstk Co. and we decided to make a u-turn stop at this new place.  Well, we ordered cheesesteaks, buffalo-cheese-steaks, salads & a cheeseburger.  Everything was wonderful, especially the burger.   I have a new place for my burgers!  They should change the name to "Del Rossi's Burger Co."My gf moved to Northern Liberties months ago and we've search for pizzas/take out restaurants in that time and they all sucked.  I finally went to del rossi's for a cheese steak and it was outstanding. Best I've had in the city. Since then we had the pizza and many other sandwiches. Everything is fantastic. I won't go anywhere else. Pats, genos and tony Luke's suck. This place is where it's at. Don't miss out.Really Horrible Delivery experience. Was excited and hoping for it to be good as these yelp reviews show but life isn't perfect. 
Placed online ordered through yelp 1:20am. Said they received it and would take 45min-60min. Fine, expected the time. 
Called at 2:20am to ask where the driver/food was. The person that picked up the phone said that they had they didn't have the right address and didn't know where to deliver to. Odd when yelp sends the receipt of the email that includes your information like address of delivery and number to contact. A bit upset because you would expect basic management or communication skills to kick in. If you had the wrong or improper address, you would think they would contact you through the number you provided for contact reasons to ask for the proper address. Called, they said they would deliver it. (2:30am)
Got the food finally at 2:55am. 
Not really in the mood to eat and extremely tired from waiting an hour and a half. 
Expected more from the customer service aspect and how they handled it.I get a cheesesteak delivered a few times a month. Sometimes two cheesesteaks, sometimes one and cheese fries. One cheesesteak is enough to split with my gf, so getting two means we have the second one for breakfast with eggs (oh my god so good). The food is always delivered fast and tastes amazing.Great spot if you're on the couch and want delivery. They have a robust menu and everything on there is solid. Good cheesesteaks, hoagies, burgers, wieners, pizza, and fries. Reasonably priced too esp the wieners and Texas wieners($3-$5). They have great melted American cheese to top hoer fries. Open late too. When in up in the air, def my go to.Last night i had Del Rossi deliver and had my first ever cheesesteak IN philadelphia. Amazing! The meat was tender and perfect, the cheese was melted through just right and the bread was soft. My boyfriend and i said out loud several times how delicious it was. We tried another place today which was on the top ten suggestions for cheesesteak and we were both disappointed. Del Rossi was a million times better!Ordered a hoagie online, along with Cajun fries (crab fries) and a canoli for delivery. It was surprisingly great. Wasn't that expensive, and the hoagie was huge. Very impressed, definitely my new go to hoagie jointWhen in Philly this is where we go for our Philly cheesesteaks. Nice clean restaurant with tables to sit and enjoy the food. Cheesesteaks are to die for. Wow writing this is really making me want one. Ugh. Fries are real good too. Can't wait to go back!!I was convinced to order a cheesesteak from Del Rossi's since John's Roast Pork is too far from my house. Their cheesesteak isn't bad.. I wished that they would've melted my american cheese in it. I felt that they forgot about it and then had to put it in last minute. Besides their cheesesteak, I tried their pizza and fries. The food isn't bad for a pizza joint. And I love how they take credit cards. I'd be ordering more in the future.1  Philly Style French Bread Pizza  $ 7.45
1  Soda  $ 1.75
1  Mozzarella Sticks  $ 5.25
Del Rossi's has a relatively small menu compared to most pizza & cheesesteak places in Philly. However, almost everything they do offer is pretty good. These are 2nd favorite cheese sticks in the city. They are a bit pricey, but the marinara that comes with them is home made and delicious. It's a very simple marinara that isn't annoying infused with oregano and other spices. This allows for the main focus of the cheese stick to be the ....well the cheese. 
Also points for this french bread pizza. It's exactly what you think it is, just like the ones that come frozen at the supermarket. Except it's not frozen it's home made and delicious.  It's also quite large, but not 7.45 large. If you are fat like I am this will not fill you up and you would probably also want spend 2 more dollars and order a pizza. However, this was just an afternoon snack for me so I was mostly satisfied.DO NOT OVERLOOK THIS PLACE. Just because it's on Spring Garden and not in South Philly, does not mean they aren't capable of making a great steak. 
Simply the most underrated cheesesteak place of them all. (Relax, that doesn't mean the best.) But I'll say top ten. 
Their bread is on fleek (did I use that right? oh well), which why I'm all over this place. It's all about the bread. The same bread is used for their really good hoagies. 
Their onions are the best, because they thinly slice them on the deli slicer and then toss them on the flattop to get a little caramelization. They aren't those tasteless undercooked squares that other places get away with. 
And their open until 3a. And they deliver. Too much goodness.The za was decent, but the buffalo chicken cheesesteak was the worst I've ever had. They made a chicken cheesesteak with melted american cheese and dumped hot sauce on after it was on the roll. HEY JABRONI'S, try cooking the steak in buffalo sauce and using bleu cheese or ranch instead of american. Pathetic for a "cheesesteak" joint.Staff always very nice. The pizza sauce is makes this my new favorite. The pan pizza has the right balance of crustI don't know much about the rest of their menu, but every time I've had their cheesesteaks, they've been great!  Try it wiz wit (for out of towners, that's with cheese whiz.  I know it sounds crazy and when I first moved here, I wouldn't do it, but I've been here over 4 years and this is the way to do it, at least at Del Rossi's).  
Their customer service is friendly.  The only downside is that sometimes their service is a little slow for delivery.  Still, if you want a good cheesesteak, they always hit the spot.We've gotten cheesesteaks from here a couple times and they're pretty good, the bread is very good as are the French fries. I tried a slice of deep dish pizza with pepperoni and sausage because it looked delicious, and it was.Really good food.. Cheesesteaks were amazing.. Bread was awesome.. Definitely would recommend getting the cheese whiz and onions.. Rather small inside.. Salads were absolutely huge !Ive stopped in once and ordered a mushroom chicken cheese steak.  The place caters very well to customers that are dining in and its very clean. last week ordered a delivery of 2 regular mushroom cheesesteaks with wiz last weekend actually thru this app. The steaks sandwiches were fantastic.  This is a good local spot if you want a cheesesteak and they deliver fairly quickly.Delish I finally got to taste real Philly cheese steak.   Also ordered a salad loved the fresh greens and garlic  bread yumThe cheesesteaks were good and the preparation was speedy. 
If you are looking for a good cheesesteak to have delivered, I recommend you give this place a chanceHave ordered delivery several times.  This is the second time it came half an hour late and cold.  Ordered 8:45, showed up by 10:15 in the hands of a smug kid full of excuses.  I'm done with del Rossi's...We decided to give Del Rossi a try after I saw it one afternoon on my way home. We opted for a CheeseSteak (american cheese and onions), a Hot Dog with mustard, onions and sauerkraut and a side of fries.
The food was pleasing, the CheeseSteak is "New Jersey" style, comparable to the ones at Gaetanos (ols school not the latest that are a-ok at best), the roll was very good (although not seeded) and the meat, cheese, onion mix was great with no ingridients overpowering the rest. 
The Hot Dog was great (they use Nathans), nicely sized with great tasting sauerkraut, and good roll on this one too,
French Fries...boardwalk style, extremely good and made from fresh potatoes, not a the usual pre-cooked frozen ones that a lot of pizza and steak joints decide to use and sell as "fresh cooked fries".
Overall a good experience, we definately will try it again. Perhaps a pizza next time.Took almost an hour to receive my order. When the guy came I said something and he replied, "they were busy." I ordered wings, fries, and the California burger. The worst-hands down the fries! They were limp like my last date and had no seasoning. I should of listened to the reviews. The California burger, AKA a deluxe Cheeseburger, not great! I heated everything up by the time I got it and don't know if it was using the microwave or not, but the bun was chewy. I asked for it Medium and it was well. They have a dozen burger listed, I would think they would be somewhat decent. The wings weren't bad, but the wing sauce came on the side. Luckily I have a bowl and some tongs and can toss it up. I won't be back.This place has gone down hill in the past year or so. The last three times I ordered I was disappointed. I got a cheese steak that was very skimpy on the meat. The pizza, mozzarella sticks and garlic bread were cold and soggy. The Cesar salad had mostly brown lettuce. There are a ton of pizza places in the city, I suggest trying somewhere else.Worst pizza place they never send my delivery on time. Pizza came an hr late and was cold. They never even aplogized or tried to deliver sooner. Never order from here again please. Your better off anywhere else. They claim that my phone number was wrong but ive been ordering in gruh hub all the time and have even ordered from them in the oast month. I called the pizza place multiple times so this also could have been mentioned even onceOrdered the Cheesesteak Pizza while in Philly and multiple people agreed it was the best pizza they'd ever had. Basically writing this review as a reminder of where it was in case I'm ever in the area again.I order from here often, I might be addicted to their chili fries, and they have massive hot dogs if you're into that sort of thing (I am). This is a go-to of mine when I'm having late night cravings for something yummy and dependable. And the chili that they put on the chili fries? So good I sometimes just order it by itself. This review is really about their customer service, though. There was a mix up with my delivery order and it somehow never got processed. When I called to inquire, the staff was extremely helpful and patient, and genuinely wanted to make sure I was satisfied. They cleared everything up with my order, were very apologetic (even though I really didn't think it was their fault) and rushed it out to me. I'll be a loyal customer as long as I'm in philly, not only for the delicious fixin's, but also for the attention to detail and lovely customer service. Mm mm mm!I have only had a few items from the relatively new food spot in Philadelphia, but I would definitely go again.  The cheese sauce they use for their cajun fries is delicious, and their cheesesteaks are good too.  I would definitely recommend checking out this new spot in Philly.I remember watching them build this place for what seemed like years.
I don't eat a lot of meat anymore, but when I do, I like it to count and be delicious.
Imagine my disappointment when I get a greasy, forgettable steak sandwich from them (and my girlfriend gets a disappointing "veggie" sandwich). 
The pizza is also the "greasy" type.
I think I prefer anywhere else to here, and haven't been back.
I mean, when you can get a perfect steak sandwich that is essentially award-winning at like Paesano's, which is like a dumpy hole-in-the-wall but has the best, why bother with this place?
There is like a role for a place like this -- it has a lot of seating, so you could bring a large party in the back.  That's something, I guess.  
Suggestion:
This place needs to pick a distinctive identity, whatever that is, and decide to be great at it.  Want to be a value leader, and compete on price with places like Trios -- fine, try that.  Want to hire a professional chef and add in flavors?  Great idea.  Or want to go for a particular type of pizza, and really do that the best?  Excellent.
But what we have here is like a generic pizza place.  Which would be fine, except the prices aren't so low.  So if they want to keep doing what they're doing, they need specials and deals to draw a guy like me in.
(P.S. Also, even though the building is reasonably wide, there's no accessibility ramp, and while I work normally, it just bothers me when things are like that.)Placed a delivery order through GrubHub on Friday evening and was pretty pleased.  Let it be known that I am a vegetarian, so I absolutely cannot comment on the quality of "authenticity" of the titular cheesesteaks. With that said, the Eggplant Supreme Hoagie was delicious and came on a great seeded roll (this seems to be a majorly divisive issue on these reviews). I also got an order of onion rings and a small pie.  The Onion Rings were good, but I probably won't bother with the pizza again.  The biggest gripe I had with it was an underserving of cheese. I didn't let that detract from my experience, however, because Del Rossi's doesn't call itself a pizza place and I have been satisfied by only a handful of pizza joints in Philadelphia since relocating from NY/NJ. 
All told, the delivery was pretty quick and I'll order again.Food was good but service was not. Waited forever to get our food. Saw manager or owner not sure which apologize to a couple before us and after us,  but we received no such courtesy. Also couple who came in after us received their cheesesteak less than 10 minutes.I literally can't talk up this place enough. I went to all the gimmicky steak shops around town that are "famous" but this place blows them away. The bread is crunchy on the outside, soft on the in. The ingredients are fresh, and I've never met an unhappy person here. Prices are affordable and food is unstoppable. Our 45 minute drive to del rossi's is worth every mile.Just ordered from here on grubhub. Both the chicken cheesesteak and burgers were awesome!! I highly recommend this place! The delivery was also pretty quick!Accommodated our group of 24 with speed and friendliness. Amazing food,
Great staff made a point to talk with the group, you gotta try.I've gotten delivery from this place twice.  First time, I got a cheese hoagie with sweet peppers and sharp provolone.  It was tasty, and everything I expected.  The seeded roll was good too.  It seemed a little soggy, and I think that the sweet peppers might have been canned or jarred in some kind of liquid.  It wasnt overly soggy or anything, just something I noticed.
Ordered from them again and got the veggie deluxe hoagie.  I like all the things that came on it, but for some reason it was almost uneatable. The sandwich was so unbelievably bitter.  I thought maybe it was the broccoli rabe so I picked through it and took all that off, and it was STILL incredibly bitter.  Like to the point where I tried to eat it anyway, and actually felt nauseous. I picked through it again and this time took out the spinach, just trying to find out whatever it was that was making it so bitter so I could get some good out of this sandwich.  It was still really gross so I ended up just throwing it away.  Big waste of $7.  Might order from this place again, but definitely not getting the veggie sandwich.  Also, delivery took over an hour which was annoying.   I'll probably just stick to ordering from Lazo's cause they seem to have better quality food and delivery is incredibly fast.I love this place. They're so nice and everything I've had is yummy. Their salads are always fresh. Their cheesesteak is soooo yummy. The best I've had second to Pats. Also one of the best chicken parm sandwiches I've ever had. Will keep going back!Ordered delivery from here last night . Got 2 steaks, wiz without and wiz with and cheese fries. Pretty standard order but seems hard to get a good steak when it's delivery . I was proved wrong , this place makes a pretty good sandwich. The bread was fresh and had the perfect texture . They don't skimp on the meat or the cheese. Everything tasted fresh and was seasoned well. Customer service was really good , they couldn't have been more friendly . We will definitely order from here again ..Fucking awesome. Always fast. Always consistent. Comes through in a jam more than a few times already. Steak and shake was my favorite for s long time before they sent me these guys way.I was a bit skeptical of this place due to the reviews but I ordered a small supreme pizza and it was amazing! Very fast for take out orders. I've gotten the cajun fries in the past and they were alright. Also have gotten pizza by the skice before which was pretty good but would recommend ordering a while pie.My absolute FAVORITE family owned cheesesteak spot! I take frequent trips to Philly to visit family and friends but always schedule time to make my way here to indulge in a flavorful cheesesteak. I don't know what the magic they put in it BUT it's magical in my heart lol. I ordered the basic cheesesteak with fried onions and provolone cheese and I topped it off with some red and green spicy peppers and light mayo. I also was able to use my free soft drink offer on this yelp app by checking in. Next time I come I want to try one of their pizza pies because I'm sure it's just as equally great. It's always great to come here, be welcomed and spread the word of the awesome quality of the food and welcoming customer service. Thanks!Not good.
Veggie sandwich was awful, barely edible. Bread was very stale, greens were super bitter, the broccoli rabe was too tough/stringy to eat, and the tomatoes were underripe and not cored. Buffalo chicken pizza wasn't great either, and the chicken tasted off.
After being served food this bad, even once, we could never justify eating from here again.Ordered a chicken cheesesteak, fries, and turkey sub for delivery. The cheesesteak was dry and they forgot some of the ingredients (lettuce, tomato, onion and mayo). The turkey sub was not good and the fries were cold and they didn't include ketchup. Definitely will not order via delivery ever again.We were looking for good cheesesteak on way from museum to north jersey - tried this place. Husband had cheesesteak - good no complaints. I had meatball parm and thought pleasantly surprised. Place has real nice dining area in back you would not expect from front. Came out hot and delivered together at table. Can watch game on TV from most tables. Or ignore it. Not to busy night we stopped in.
Loved the way they did the bread roll- crispy and take out some of the breadtried a provolone steak with onions.  the meat was dry and had too much gristle.  the roll was soft and fresh but the overall sandwich (meat, cheese, onions, roll) was average at best.  i live in the area and was hoping it would be good.  pretty dissapointed.  oh well, maybe their pizza is better??
also, there was only one guy at the counter taking orders, answering the phone, ringing people up,,  it took forever to get my food and pay.
on a good note, there is a large, clean area to sit and eat with a lot of tables.We ordered late night delivery from them. The chicken fingers and cheese sticks were  the heat-from-frozen kind but were fine. They forgot our fries. The cheesesteak was fine, but not the best I've had. Good selection for low expectation, late night ordering.Service isn't great. People look miserable working there and they aren't very polite the phone. Food is pretty good however , they have messed up my order several times so when I order from there , I check my food before leaving.Meh, though every person I spoke with on the phone was really friendly, and the delivery guy was all smiles and professionalism.  Still, the product and delivery capabilities fell WAY short.
I had to call them 15 minutes after placing my seamless order because I didn't have a confirmation.  First dude thought I was a Seamless rep...passed me off to someone else....that dude finally found my order....told me it was already in the works and on the way shortly....though it wasn't confirmed for another 20 minutes....was delivered outside of the delivery window.....the cheesesteak egg rolls were just short of being too burnt to eat....cheesesteak wasn't all that hot by the time it arrived.....the steak is lean, which would normally be good....but not with a Philly....it should have enough fat to soak into the bun...so mine was really dry....and they didn't put mayo on the side as requested.
Again, SUPER awesome customer service, and I'm thinking worth trying if you're close in radius to their shop, or eating in, or maybe trying a cold sub.  But this just missed the mark for what I ordered....Great place for lunch, cheese steaks are great and the people are really friendly. FYI try the chocolate chip cookies, you won't regret itI ordered lunch this afternoon via Grubhub. Small personal pizza, and a cheesesteak with provolone cheese, fried onions, and s/p/k. While my pizza was delicious, my cheesesteak was inedible. Very very soggy bread, minimal ketchup and the and again the bread was very soggy. I will try again with this place, maybe ordering and eating in the establishment.I recently had the worst customer service experience. I ordered food off of their app where the delivery time was detailed. After 30 minutes past the expected delivery time, I gave them a call to check on my order. They kept me on the phone as they searched for my order on the app. After they said they hadn't started my order, I asked them to please cancel it and refund my card. They claimed that they couldn't refund my card and hassled me about the charge. They told me to come pick up the cash from them, after I said I wasn't going to be here to receive the delivery. 
I ended up having to call my credit card company to cancel the charge. I will never order from here again.Excellent late-night, post-tequila shots snacking delivered to your door. 
Our go-to is a pie and fries with wiz. Their fries are shoestring and salty and delicious, and I'm pretty sure they lace their wiz with cocaine. It's unbelievable. Although I guess that could've been the alcohol talking. Anyway, dip your pizza in it.
If you're drunk and looking to eat pizza and cheese fries without having to talk to anyone on the phone (online ordering) and without having to the leave the house, go for it.Not only were the Philly Cheese Steaks great, but Del Rossi's provided exceptional service.  I called from California to order 4 cheese steaks to be delivered to my kids who were staying in Philadelphia, and Del Rossi's was more than happy to take my order and deliver efficiently to the hotel.  The sandwiches were hot and fantastic.
Thank you!!Convenient to my daughter's place. Buffalo Chicken sandwich was just ok. Not a lot of sauce and they use American cheese.  Prefer blue with buffalo. My daughter got spicy chicken cutlet sandwich and thought it wasn't especially spicy. Decent rolls. Hubby had Italian hoagie and was happy.I was in LOVE with this place until they changed their meat. They are very new, and wanted to make a great steak with a good impression. They had me, then they lost me. It's your average chopped unflavored thin crap meat. Prior to this, they had this thick cut delicousness... I shant be back til they change their ways...Pretty solid chicken cheesesteak. Added onions and mushrooms with pepper jack cheese. I was happy with the size and amount of chicken and veggies it had. The bread was ok, a little chewy. Ordered skin on fries for my side and they were great. Well seasoned and crispy. I'd go back to try other items on the menu! Eat itWhen we started to come to this establishment they had just opened. The fries were amazing. I wanted to order them every single time we called in an order. Suddenly..... the fries changed; they were soggy, gross, and disappointing. I stopped ordering them immediately. 
In addition, the prices for toppings are ABSURD. Seriously, multiple dollars to add mushrooms? I can buy an entire case of them at the supermarket and COOK THEM MYSELF. Screw that.
I had been so proud of them for the fact that they made their cheese steaks out of real true meat, and that they were amazing. Since then I haven't really had a complaint (thus, 2 stars). However, BEWARE the "chicken cheese steak" as it is just chunks of chicken and it is disgusting. The last thing we ordered recently was delivered to our home within a reasonable time but the burgers were completely undercooked (totally red) and it was a very mediocre experience. I threw out the burger. A wasted 7 dollars, I am so disappointed in them. 
We have decided not to return. Find another location unless you just want a cheese steak.In my humble opinion, the best cheesesteaks in the area. Chicken cheesesteak with provolone & fried onions is ridiculous. Firm, toasted roll with the right amount of meat & toppings. It's always the same and always right. No sloppy messes here and no self indulgent shrines to the owner. I have three daughters and this is their favorite place to eat. They love the pizza, hamburgers and fries. I live in South Jersey and it's definitely worth the trip across the bridge. Despite its being in Philly, its very accessible and also very clean. Doing the simple things well is a lost art, and DelRossi's does them very, very well. Nice people. Highly recommended.Yummy! Cheesesteak with wiz & shrooms. Worth it. Both our girls loved the pizza. Easy parking outside & crew was very nice.