I tried the regular pound cake, the sweet potato pound cake and the lemon pound cake w/white icing. #1 was the regular pound cake and was also the smallest slice . It could've been bigger for $4 b/c that was the best one. The sweet potato was pretty good but it was a little to soggy. The lemon was good but I didn't really care for the icing. The only one I'd go back for is the original.It truly was a struggle to give three stars as their customer service lacks greatly. Went in and waited for about 25 minutes for a dozen of donuts while one person ran the counter and there were at least 15 people in the line several people were in the back of the store bringing out pastries that did not seem as important as the line of customers. Several customers left which is revenue out the door the bakery shop is good with this sweets they make but not what customer service maybe they ought to be more sweet with the customer service and less concerned about what's going on in the back. Just my opinion just my point!I absolutely love this place. I been coming here since I was little and u have had everything from cookies, to cupcakes, to pie. I absolutely love it! This place has excellent desserts and the customer service can't be beat. Be sure to visit!Ever since I found Denise's there is no other bakery I drive almost 20 miles one way for her treats.  Whatever you choose you best believe there is no one else that can compare to the quality and love they put into their confections.Beautiful cake, good service, piss poor attitudes. I'm never going back to that store.Bought my mom a butter pound cake for her bday...I usually rave about Denise's, I believe they're the best in Philly, but the cake was slightly dry this time...For my moms memorial we needed a bakery fast so my wife martina looked up this place. It may be a small place but a famous place. When you walk in prepare to stand in line and enjoy the sweet smells in the building.  This is a must see location.Omg I went here because my friend recommended it to me to go get a birthday cake but when I went I saw there were a ton of other pastries. I grab a mini pumpkin pie and pecan pie. I also grab a apple fritter and pound cake. Everything was delicious but the pound cake was freaking amazing hands down the best in the city.first time tasting denise's sweet potato pie today and it was fabulous!!! never eaten from there before eitherI have to give props. Last minute I needed to get cake for my co workers wedding luncheon. It was getting close and I called that morning to get cupcakes. Not only was the staff super patient as my work interrupted me multiple times during my order, they also gave me exactly what I asked for- purple and white cupcakes- on time. Pick up was easy. Staff in the bakery was also very nice. It was a wonderful experience. I've saved their number, I'll be back again soon. Thank you so much... almost forgot. The cake was great. Moist delicate cakes with creamy icing that was a treat without being overly sweet.There were eggshells in my bite of birthday poundcake. Not sure if it was in the icing or not. Such a turnoff.We just ordered my dad's 40th Birthday cake from here and it was really good but the icing tasted a little off. The design was really nice but a few of our cupcakes were lopsided and crooked and uneven !! Despite the few errors I mentioned, I was satisfied with my order and will definitely be back in the future. My dad loved his cake!I love cake. Its my weakness. I've only been here once because its kinda far from me. It's a pretty small store and it was packed! The staff all seemed very friendly. I thought that for $4 the slice of pound cake should have been bigger. But for what it lacked in size it made up for in taste. My friend had a slice of red velvet cake. I didn't taste it but it looked good and he said it taste great. I definitely will stop by again once I'm in the areaDenise's makes awesome cakes. Everytime I go there I find a new favorite. The German chocolate cake is unreal. A hidden gem in north philly.Customer service has gotten worse! Tried them again today and will not be spending any more of my $s there!This is the most unprofessional place I ever been the staff has attitudes they don't acknowledge you the line is always long the service is slow and they can't multitask I've been coming here for years but I will never spendanother dime after the continued crappy service todayI love cake. Really I do. And I hate most cake. But Denise's makes the best cake I've ever had in my life. It's worth a trip to the hood. You will never find another like it.Absolutely delicious, affordable sweets but LORD are they slow. Seriously, you guys need another check out machine. As of right now they have maybe two people taking orders, but then waiting for the other to finish ringing their customer up which makes absolutely no sense. Or have one person ring people out and the other person put the order together. I would recommend coming here at 7:30 when they open if you can. I'm here at 7:55 now to get some fritters (my once a month treat) and this is taking a little longer than I'd like, but I get it, it's hard not to go crazy here . You'll hear people in line adding things on as they look through the glass, when they originally just came in to order a cake. If you don't mind the wait time it's definitely worth it, they are not charging enough for what they are offering because it is seriously good, and this is coming from a girl who refuses to buy from bakeries because I bake a lot and think bakeries always charge too much, so I just make my own desserts. Check them out, you will not be disappointed if you can manage to be patient.Denise's is a Philadelphia favorite. They are widely known for their pound cake. Growing up, each birthday, I asked my parents to get my cake from Denise's. I actually like Denise's cake icing, which is a rarity. I usually find birthday cake icing too sweet and that it tastes like food dye. Not the case with Denise's. 
Also, their pound cake is dense and flavorful. Never dry, always moist and springy. My only complaint is that their yellow cake just doesn't taste nearly as good as the pound cake. So, whenever you go, make sure that you order a pound cake and be ready to experience the delight that is Denise's.Denise's is a true gem of a bakery. My mom taught at the elementary school on the next block years ago and still dreams of Denise's pound cakes and doughnuts. If I find myself in the area I love to stop in to grab a few things.
They have the most delicious pound cake in the entire universe. I have no idea how plain pound cake can be so amazing, but it is. It can be bought by the slice or whole, frosted or plain. The sign of a good piece of pound cake - the paper bag containing 4 slices weighed about 20 lbs. I have also gotten a few birthday cakes at Denise's and they are delicious and beautiful. 
The location is the only downside - pretty far from everything in the middle of north Philly. BUT it's worth the drive. And everyone inside is very friendly - how can you not be in a good mood when standing in front of all that deliciousness?I've been buying my daughter's birthday cake for as long as the bakery has been open.  The pound cake is the best and everyone loves it.  The sticky buns are also wonderful as is the the double chocolate cake.  Everything I have ordered there is great.  I highly recommend.I had the sweet potato pound cake and when I tell you it was amazing!!! I am not one for cakes but this changed my mind(I have to get more ). I shared it with my coworkers and everyone was at a loss for words over how good it was. I haven't had pound cake this good since my grandma!Cakes are GOOD poor service need pick up window for customers only picking up paid ordersI've been a long time customer and was very happy when I heard they were reopening. The pound cake is always my cake of choice which was pretty good but something about that frosting was throwing the taste off. I don't know if maybe the buttercream frosting is Crisco based but it wasn't good. The glazed doughnuts are good and fluffy though.I really enjoyed their pound cake. As some users mentioned it was dense. It was also a hit at a get together over the weekend.The best chocolate/chocolate cake ever!!!!!!!!!   I got relatives who come in for Thanksgiving and they ask if I have brought "the" cake.    
Always a mad house, but I've always had very polite and helpful people at the counter.
Update:  Brought to Thanksgiving and got to see how happy it made little (and big) relatives.I've been to Denice's twice since they reopened and I must say EVERYTHING here is DELICIOUS!! They have a great selection yellow cake, pound cake, cookies, sweet potato pies-3 sizes, danishes, red velvet cake, donuts, apple pies, cupcakes, strawberry shortcake and everything I've had has been well worth the trip here and the 40 minute wait in line. All of the staff has been very pleasant and helpful which is icing on the cake. (Pun intended) :)
I do wish they were more efficient when it comes to getting customers in and out. Some people said they'd waited in line for an hour. They need a separate line for ordering and picking up cakes and they need more cashiers working. I'll still come here whenever I'm in the mood for some really good pastries.Denise's have the best pound cake ever. Before I moved to N.Phila I would take the bus there to get my cakes and other sweet tooth goodies. My favorite is her pound cake you can't go wrong with it. The icing is pretty much good but I am not a icing type of gal. So whatever your looking for in the sweets depaetment she has it, all at a reasonable price.I've had two specialty cakes done here and they were both phenomenal. Just bring in a picture and the staff here will handle the rest. I appreciate the staff being patient with me as I modified my design to make it perfect! The cake was both beautiful and delicious and was quite a hit at my graduation party. I love their cookies, pies and pastries also. The apple pound cake, sweet potato pie and heath cookies are some of my favorites but everything here is great! Be prepared for a wait whenever you stop by. Hopefully they will be able to hire more staff or streamline the ordering process soon, but it's definitely worth the waitTheir poundcake is the best!  You cant beat it!!!!!  Ive tried so many poundcake from well-known bakeries and it is none other than Denise's hands down!!!!!  The only thing that is a slight turn off (their staff are slow pokes).  They take their their timePicked out the sky blue "gift wrapped" birthday cake for a celebration tonight, pastry art! The folks in that kitchen made me a star for choosing such a beautiful cake. And it goes without saying the pound cake did not disappoint, consistently smooth texture and excellent taste!  
I was especially grateful for the thoughtful questions from Denise herself to make sure the cake would serve our entire party.You can't go wrong were the owner of the business invests time in customer satisfaction! Simply the best bakery in Philly, all due respect to Termini's. 
Thank you for the many years of great serve and best wishes to you all.Great bakery. Best glazed doughnuts ever. Only issue I have is slow service when crowded at times. All in all very nice place. Great sweet potato pieI would love to commend this establishment, because not only do they bake the best desserts, but Denise and staff go over and beyond to satisfy their customers.  I bought a cake for my sisters birthday and requested the cake with the wrong icing, well I thought it was something they did wrong, but actually it was something I said wrong.  Once Denise heard of this issue she immediately had her office personal contact me and offered me a replacement cake and my deposit back.  The first cake was delicious, but it wasn't what my sister wanted, well the replacement cake barely lasted a day.  We are so quick to complain about a black establishment and won't patronage if we had a bad experience, but I will always go out of my way to support an business that is awesome.  Thanks for your superb service!
Much Love, Darlene E.A slice of heaven . I faithfully purchase lemon pound cake a  whole bundt it never makes it home because I eat it in the carI've always heard great things about Denise's, but never got the chance to try it. Then they had a fire I believe and had to rebuild and I am so glad they did! These dessert were sooooo good (I got 3 of them).
Pineapple Coconut Cake - 9/10 - so this cake is perfection the only reason I took off a point is because it was extremely sweet, which is not for me, but for those with a big sweet tooth is was delicious, moist, and a good balance of coconut and pineapple. It wasn't like one of those cakes where you're chewing a large piece of shredded coconut with each bite but somehow the taste was still there! The pineapple filling was a perfect addition to the layer cake. The piece was nice and big too. 
Apple Cake - 10/10 - this was absolutely perfect! I couldn't have asked for a better piece of cake. It was a pound cake texture but just so moist and sweet, but not too sweet. There seemed to be a glaze on top that just added to its perfection. This was also a slice I bought  was large enough to last me a couple days 
Peach Cobbler - 10/10 - I mean no one, no one has ever come close to my Mississippi-bred grandmothers peach cobbler until now. Can I start with the crust because it was just so thick and I loved that! Nothing worse than when I eat a peach cobbler and it's soggy because the crust wasn't thick enough. It was flaky and buttery, just perfect. The peach filling was made with love, not too sweet, not soupy at all. 
I'm so happy I finally gave Denise's a try. The staff was warm and helpful and gave great insight on what I should get. There's plenty of parking outside the store although 22nd Street does have a lot of business so certain times of the days it could be a bit difficult to find a spot. 
Everyone should try this place out if you're looking for a good dessert. They also take orders for special occasions !I've been hearing about Denise's Bakery for years and finally was in the area to stop by. I wasn't sure when I'd be back so I over indulged and purchased a half dozen chocolate chip cookies, quarter of a vanilla pound cake, a mini pecan pie and a small slice of chocolate yellow cake. I didn't buy much lol
It's a small bakery with minimal decor and the staff is super friendly and very patient while I couldn't make my mind up. 
The vanilla cake had some really good icing and not too sweet. It's wasn't as dense as the chocolate cake but both were pretty good even tho I'm not the biggest fan of dense cake but that's what pound cake is supposed to be.
The pecan pie was so soft and the crust on the edge has the smallest hint of cinnamon and nutmeg. My favorite by far was the cookies!! Omggg they were so soft and chewy! As if they were made 5 min before I bought them! The cookies alone should be packaged and sold.If you love pound cake, this is place you should be coming too. My family has been celebratory cakes from Denise's for decades. The taste, sweet but not overly so, and the texture, dense but still moist, of their pound cake is unique. Trust me, you won't find another like it.Certain days there is a line forming even before the morning workers open the door. The key is TIMING LOL. I adore the pound cake , mini sticky buns ( a total treat if they're still warm) mini danishes. I've ordered Birthday cakes in the past and to be honest.... I cannot complainI live two block away and is good very busy and good pastries. They are very nice and Their cakes looks very beautifullSweet Potato Cheesecake
Tastes just like a SLAMMING southern pie!
This taste is spot on! This is the best cheesecake I've ever tasted. It is creamy, flavorful, and not toO sweet. I definitely recommend it.
Sweet potato poundcake
Lacked flavor and taste like a boxed mix
Pound cake
This was the best tasting poundcake out of the three we tried. It was a good taste and I would get it again. Dense, if you like it like that, and consistent through every bite.
Apple poundcake
This cake was good and flavorful. Similar to a Jewish apple cake but a little denser and had a nice glaze on top. The portion was huge so it was very filling. I shared it I suggest you do the same and less you want to get full off this dessert.
Pecan pie
The nuts were a little overdone but everything else was OK. Just OK. Perfect crust.
Sweet potato pie
This was tasty. I get this again for myself and then one for an occasion. I suggest you try this. Just the right amount of flavor and sweetness. Consistent pie filling and the crust was perfect.
Assorted cookies
These were nothing to write home about. The cookies were not flavorful and don't seem like it's this businesses strong suit. I don't recommend getting them.
Overall Denises is average at best. However, I highly recommend the sweet potato pie and sweet potato cheesecake. Do you see the theme?Sometimes bad customer service and no decor is a good sign.  No, really.  I figure if you can manage to stay in business despite looking like a dump and treating customers poorly, your food must be pretty darn delicious.
...and it is.
Denise's makes the best danishes I have ever eaten.  They are simply delicious and incredibly only .50 a pop.  Take a box of these to a brunch and be a serious hit.  
Don't expect service with a smile.  Do expect yummy.Went last week for my first time in nearly 50 years, and I enjoyed 5 of the 7 items I bought to sample.  I would go back more often, but Covid has created LONG lines. I truly hope their other items are as good. 
They really should go back to their original extended hours :DI love love love love everything she bakes I crave sweets everyday and I never please my cravings until I have something from Denise's Bakery no cake no pie no donut no cheesecake has ever topped hers she is my only and my favorite. If it's not Denise's Bakery it's not not worth my Calories I would break my Diet for her baking!!! She is the BEST!!!!!I have this theory that when you find something good, you hold onto it. And that's why it seems like I've been buying cakes since forever from Denise's. Yes the lines are long, yes the icing will give you cavities just looking at it and yes parking is a pain. But. Denise's delicacies are worth it. The pound cake is amazing. A few years back Denise impressed me further when she offered me a complimentary cake after I reported a less than stellar experience at the bakery. Give this small business a try. I promise it'll be a sweet experience.I bought my best friends birthday cake from here, and it was the best cake ever! We had so much cake left and brought some back home to Florida, and it was still great!Denise's Delicacies has some of the best desserts in the city.  Now I must warn you in advance that parking may be a challenge and it will probably be crowded.  But the wait is well worth it.  
I order all of my cakes for events from here.  Their pound is the best that I have EVER had (and I love cake:).  One word.......YUM!I had heard rave reviews about Denise's bakery. When I saw it was located down the street from my guy, I found a parking spot and went to try it out. The line was out the door. Usually a good sign. I went and put more money in the meter and returned and got a ticket and waited. After 20 mins, it was my turn. I got a glazed donut, a lemon pound cake slice and a small sweet potato pie. Everything was delicious. Definitely worth the wait. I agree with others. There should be a separate line for ordering/picking up and people who just need quick treats.There is no reason for cake to be this darn good. I love this bakery to bits. There are many fancy and better known bakeries around but Denise's is the best.Where to go for delicious bakery. Yellow cake is my favorite and the sugar free chocolate cake is pretty good too! You need fancy or cupcakes, head right up north. They got you covered.I haven't lived in Philly for years, I first had Denise's when we moved out here, I needed a place to order a birthday cake for my daughter's party and a friend recommended this as THE spot.  I remember being please 10 years ago, and getting questions on where I ordered the cake... Well fast forward to 2016, talking to the same friend about need a cake for the same daughter's birthday, but this time add some cupcakes with bling and Denise's comes up again.  Look up their website, facebook etc. determine what I'm looking for, it says give 2 weeks advance notice.  I'm right around that time so I plan to go that weekend.  I pull up on a Saturday afternoon.. ummm the line is literally outside, not to mention that the inside is Packed... Nope, nope... I'll come back during the week, there is no way.  So we drove off and tried it again on Monday.  Monday maybe about 2pm get there Parking right out front, and much emptier. Score!  So you enter the store there is security handing out numbers for you to order, then you wait for your number to get called.  It took a little while, but not too bad.. They do future orders, pick ups, and right now orders all in the same system.  So while I didn't mind waiting to order the cake someone picking up a donut might think it's a long wait.  
My turn came, I had been in there long enough to decide on a few items I wanted to get right then.. might as well, I couldn't walk out empty handed.  I order the cake and cupcakes.  I was a little bummed because I wanted a small specialty cake but they started sized for 30+ people and I literally had 8 who would likely go for the cupcakes anyway.. the order taker suggested I get a regular pound cakes and she would used the colors I wanted.. I agreed. I got a slice of pound cake, a few cupcakes and cinnamon twists for the road.. My total was much less than I anticipated so I was a happy camper.  I confirmed the pick up process, since I had someone else picking up for me.  She stated as long as I was just picking up, while they would still get a number, they would be called for express pick up if all they were doing was picking up and not purchasing anything else on the day of.  
Fast Forward to the birthday... The cupcakes were looked great exactly as I wanted.. the cake not so much, it was white and pink, I specifically asked not to use white.. but like I said it was secondary to the cupcakes so I didn't make a huge deal about it.  Plus it was delicious!! As were the cupcakes.  I give Denise's a lot of credit for still having the quality of cakes 10 years later, kudos seriously, glad this place is back on my radar! 4.5 stars!Where My Pie? It's at Denise's Delicacies. When the responsibilities of providing pies for a dinner, a function, or for my own pleasure, Denise Delicacies will certainly be one of my top choices. One of my guest for Thanksgiving dinner requested a sweet potato pie. After days of conducting research I choose Denise's Delicacies. 
I decided to make the trip to Denise's Delicacies the Tuesday evening prior to Thanksgiving. This place is located in the heart of North Philadelphia. It took me sometime navigating through the evening Philadelphia traffic that I failed to make their 6:00 PM closing. Expecting the shop to be busy with customers the day before Thanksgiving, and fearful of disappointing my guest, I decided to arrive at Denise's Delicacies before opening. I arrived 30 minutes before opening. When I pulled up to the store, I witnessed the mark of a great establishment,  a line of patrons in line waiting for the store to open. 
Here I am standing in the pouring rain waiting for pies. When the bakery opened at 7:30 I took a number and realized that I was the 13th person in line. Now I am hoping to get my sweet potato pie, and my apple pie, and back to my car before 8:00 to avoid getting a ticket. With all these factors I said to myself this better be some of the best damn pie I ever tasted. It was some of the best damn pie I ever tasted. The guest that requested the sweet potato pie was extremely pleased, and since I  devoured huge slices; I can vouch. I haven't had a great sweet potato pie in years. The apple pie was also a hit with the rest of my dinner party. I ordered two to be safe, but the pie was so huge I had to give one to my brother to take home with him. 
While waiting to be helped at the bakery my eyes feasted on everything behind the counter. I understand Denise's makes great cakes, and cobblers. I can't wait to the opportunity to visit this bakery presents itself to me again. Who am I kidding... cobbler, and pie is all I need.I have purchased several birthday cakes from Denise's and each time I could taste that they had been previously frozen and were dry. However I know a great many of my friends and family, love their cakes. I just prefer a cake to be moist and fresh.My family n I have been using Denise's for years. I have 2 say no matter what design or specialty cake we bring to her, she does an excellent job preparing it. I am not a cake eater, especially not pound cake; however, I will eat Denise's cakes. To add, her freshly baked cookies are a must have whenever I go to her bakery. Denise u r the best n we don't mind traveling way from the other side of Philly just to get your cakes. We have tried others but no one has come close, not even Oterio's, design was great but cake not pleasing at all.Got Denise's pecan pie for Thanksgiving and it was a huge hit! It's my favorite thanksgiving dessert and it was absolutely perfect. Even the guests who had never had pecan pie before (shocking, I know) found it wonderfully sweet and delicious. Highly recommend!This place is a hidden gem!!! They are friendly and the women can bake!!  lol  I ordered cupcakes for a graduation party and my birthday 6 red velvet and 6 lemon they were delicious. I did not want to share. The place is small on the inside so be prepared to stand in line. (It does move fast though) Alot of different choices not just cakes.. pies, cobblers, doughnuts etc.. Try it for yourself you wont be disappointed..A baking staple in North Philly, Denise's Delicacies will  entice you if you are on a diet and satisfy your sweet tooth if you love donuts, cookies and cupcakes.  You know the best things in life.
Tangie took my order and she was not on patient but had a pleasant demeanor as my coworker and I oohed and aaahed over the various selections. 
I fi ally set my eyes on some cupcakes, cookies and a glazed pretzel twist donut.  So much for the diet I was on.  Make sure you stop by Denise's.If I could put 6 stars I would. 
let me put it like this people. I lived in Philly for 8 years and every event I hosted had a denise's cake. My waistline is probably thanking me because I used to live within 10 minutes from the bakery and at least twice a month I would be in line, holding my little number, waiting to satisfy my pound cake fix. 
And just to show how much of a loyal customer I am - EVERY SINGLE TIME  I come back to Philly (7-years post Philadelphia resident and I live in Chcago people) guess where I'm stopping at!  No exxageration, no lie, best pound cake not only in Philly but also in Chicago (been to serveral bakeries in Chicago and they are straight garbage and a waste of sugar and icing compared to Denise's. Don't even get me started on why they charge 4 for a cupcake out here. 
Anyway, I always make sure to bring back an extra piece to convert one of my fellow Chicagoan friends and they agree. The response I normally get from them is, "when are you going back to Philly"....The wait time sucks. The customer service sucks. The wait time on when they mean up your cake because they can't make your cake The same as picture in color that they have printed SUCKS. The ppl who work for this bakery talk about the attitudes everyone has about the wait time and customer service in the back of the shop. Its clean remodel but horrible service. Never again. It's hyped up for nothing. I also before cake pick, order a pumpkin pie  just nasty. Check this place out and see if you spend again.I can't evaluate the customer service or the location because I wasn't the one to pick up the cake. However, we got a gorgeous tinkerbell sheet cake for a friend's baby shower and my Lord, the cake was even more delicious than it was beautiful. I have had her cakes once before, at a wedding, and that was also one of the most fantastic and decadent constructions I have ever had they pleasure of eating. While neither Disney nor super-girly have never really been my style, there is no denying the quality of the artwork on a Denise's Delicacies cake (or the fact that they'll make whatever style cake you ask for). In addition, whether you are a dessert person, a cake person, a pie person or none of the above, her lusciously delectable delights will prove irresistable, melt in your mouth and demand you hustle back for more before they all disappear. And they will. And quickly at that.SAD NEWS! Yesterday, Sunday March 29, 2015, a fire tore through Denise's Delicacies and they are currently closed for the foreseeable future :( http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/video/#!/news/local/Denises-Delicacies-Bakery-Catches-Fire/297919571Officially the best pound cake I have ever eaten!!  We did a taste test with 3 pound cakes from Philadelphia bakeries.  Wow!!  Very dense & rich!  I wish they shipped or had available at other locations.1st time here.  Kept hearing how good there desserts were and finally got a chance to check them out. 
I had an order of their assorted cookies. They were so good, I finished them in the car.  They were nice, soft and moist; the only thing I was missing was milk. 
I also ordered a strawberry cheesecake that was rich and creamy, I just wished I was able to taste the crust more. 
We also ordered a red velvet cupcake as well as a chocolate cake and was told that they were both delicious. They were gone by the next day and an order was placed for my next visit back. 
The desserts were so good, I forgot a picture.My first time having these sweets was for Thanksgiving and wow! So good. I got an apple pie and a mini sweet potato pie. I will be buying again for Xmas since I won't be able to travel home to Georgia!Bought a pound cake for my daughter's birthday. I went on a Friday morning. There was aline of about 5 customers ahead of me, but the professional staff kept the line moving quickly. Very good service and very good cake! The only problem was that there was no parking until I circled the block a few times.I ordered a cake from here (at my father's request) for his 60th birthday party. Now, I'm no cake connoisseur..because simply put, I could do without it. The icing is usually soo sweet that it turns me right back to my first love, PIE! Any kind of pie: apple, sweet potato, mincemeat, shepherd's, lol...
Well, I almost walked out of this place and throw my hands up in defeat when I got there at 5:55 on a Friday and there were about 10 people ahead of me in line WITH NUMBERS! When I say numbers, think the deli at the supermarket. And everyone is serious about what they want: danishes, croissants, doughnuts, pecan pie, cake- they've got it all with a little attitude to boot. None of the staff was inappropriate or discourteous, they were just stern as hell making me think of the old ladies who served lunch in grade school..hairnets and all. It must be good 'cuz I can think of a million other cool places to be on a Friday than in a line at a bakery in the hood.
BUT, I must say I don't know who was happier that night, me or Dad. The cake was soo, sooo good. I got him a 1/2 sheet red velvet with cream cheese icing. The icing was hands down the best I've ever had. I told my Dad I am making up a new birthday for myself so we can celebrate sooner...Hey, any reason to get more of that cake!!Denise's Bakery has been a neighborhood staple for decades! 
Parking: metered street. Pack patience as it is hard to find parking. 
Environment: there's usually a line without social distancing rules. The inside can't hold many so you will have to wait outside. It would be nice if they would expand.  They have spruced up the inside., it's nice and bright.  They have a security guard to keep order. Crazy! 
Service: several counter people who are pleasant most times.  You can order online at: www.cakesbydenises.com
Selection: I ordered a slice of lemon and chocolate cake. $4+ dollars for a slice is pricey. The chocolate cake was nice and moist.  Taste delicious.  I didn't get to take a pic before I ate it. Lol!  I purchased the lemon for a friend and they enjoyed.  If you are not big on icing you can order without.  I also ordered a small peach cobbler. There was a lot of dough like I like it but too much cinnamon. They also have apple cobbler. 
I love that they offer personal size desserts.  
Overall I enjoyed my experience and will continue to go back.  They also have cookies, cakes, cup cakes, strawberry shortcake....
EnjoyYum, my first visit today after hearing from Herb (from the Fort Washington State Park - Retired Boys Club) that this place had the best Pound Cakes.  Wow, I picked up two, one plain and one chocolate covered & they are delicious.  I didn't have to wait in much of a line but for good sweets, I certainly would.Sweet tooth crazy, pie thinking, or sweet moist cake craving come to Denise's. Bakery definitely does not need a introduction as it's been a legend of all our famous bakeries in this city and definitely up there if not the one but one of the best.
  For yrs I been in love with her iced pound cakes that use to be I think, don't quote me though like $5 a slice last time I been there which was cool cause they were well worth it.
  That was around '17 so they might've went up since then. Still either way if it a be your first time, you'll agree.
  As mentioned in or seen in other reviews, her bigger and sheet cakes can be ordered ahead a time for events like weddings, graduations, showers, or etc.
  Sometimes the line can be a little long but not all the time it just gets like that once in awhile.
  Service sometimes pretty quick where you can be in and out just depends on the time of day.
  If you looking for good, buttery soft, moist slice pound cakes with your specific flavor of icing that good. Come here.
  Writing this review have me contemplating about stopping through today.Denise's bakery has been satisfying my family since the early 2000's. Very clean, fresh, and delicious! I fell hard for her strawberry shortcake and needed it at least once a week. Her pound cake is like grandmas. Every holiday and birthday was celebrated with Denise's cakes. Please go try if you haven't already.Legendary bakery in Philadelphia that is known for their designs and quality cakes. This is not your grocery store cakes so if that is what you have in mind and in your budget, forget about it! 
If you are looking for a statement cake, this is the place to check out!There is nothing special about these cakes for the price you will pay. There are no out of season fruits that are used to justify the extremely high price. Just an ordinary poundcake with ordinary icing and and taste.The best cakes in the city, hands down. Not only do they taste good but they do a great job decorating. There is often a line. I really wish they had a designated sales person that answered the phone. I almost did not get a cake because I had to leave a message and she did not call back for two days. They were able to have it ready in  two days when I needed it. So they are fast and are able to do a quick turnaround with custom cakes. I am happy that I did because it was well worth it. They are very friendly during the ordering process and they were also very friendly in person in the store. They also sell birthday candles for $1-2 which is very convenient.I came here last week and as usual they never disappoint . I've been coming here since I wasn't tall enough to see over the counter love the pound cake, red velvet cake, the cinnamon buns with the nuts, cookies and everything else . It's also always clean and no matter how many people are in this place they are fast . Love it !I had the pleasure of trying the strawberry cake after ordering food from a local black owned souls food restaurant "Just to Serve You" in Delaware. After one bite I was hooked. I found myself DAILY ordering the strawberry, pineapple coconut, yellow cake with chocolate frosting! Omg I just couldn't stop. One day I payed closer attention and looked at the outside packaging and noticed the label! These cakes come feom Philly and I am now forever a customer! Thank you so much for the partnership you have with this Delaware business and thanks for being an awesome bakery. I ordered 3 cakes yesterday and ate them all! Sorry I don't have a pic to shareI wish I could have enjoyed it. I stayed on line over 30 mins. No problem. When I got to the front I began to ask the lady about custom cakes. I have never received so much attitude in my life. Like I'm tryna give you my money and you give me stank ass attitude? Ok cool. At first I thought I was bugging but when she got tired of me asking questions about the cake I said she could take the next customer while I figure it out. Attitude changed completely. She was nice, she was extra friendly, and warm. I waited for the next customer and the same shit. I have never been here before but this place damn sure wont get my money. Its needs some competition. Then maybe the service would be better. But why should they change when ppl keep going back? #supportblackownedDenise's use to be my all time favorite treat growing up. Birthday's in my family's household were always paired with Denise's cakes and ice cream! No other cakes compared! Since having my own daughter I thought I'd be able to allow her the same excitement of having these cakes too. But I was wrong. 
For my daughter's first birthday I ordered online as that's when the pandemic was. I called to confirm that it was clear and asked for a pink cake. When I picked it up They gave me teal. Teal? That's not close to pink at all. 
Then this year for her 2nd birthday I got the thickest coating of icing I've ever seen on a cake. What's the point?! 
I'm done being disappointed and will never order from there again.The best Double Chocolate cake I have ever had!  When it's my birthday, my family knows they have to get my cake at Denise's.I love love love love everything she bakes I crave sweets everyday and I never please my cravings until I have something from Denise's Bakery no cake no pie no donut no cheesecake has ever topped hers she is my only and my favorite. If it's not Denise's Bakery it's not not worth my Calories I would break my Diet for her baking!!! She is the BESTFavorite cake haven't had a birthday without it so you can imagine the disappointment felt when you write the name down for them and they go out of their way to spell it wrong. I would'nt recommend that disappointment to anyoneI went to Denice's to get a sweet potato pie for the New Year and I am so glad I ordered ahead because the line was out the door at 10 am New Year's Eve! The pies are that good. I ended up with 2 pies, a Pound Cake and some lovely flaky, buttery Croissants. I would of purchased more but the other customers were giving me stink eye, so instead I chilled.... 
The spot is nothing special, just a great bakery in the middle of a rough neighborhood, but the baked goods are always the same...great! 
It's very refreshing to go to a bakery where the sales people wear a uniform and a hairnet, even if they are the most sternest bunch of old Ladies I ever saw. But alas I guess they have to be that way considering some of the customers there. 
I love Denise's and if she ever moves to a friendlier place, she get 5 stars plus.