The food is very good. Having said that, service outweighs the quality of the food and Derek's has been consistently providing a lousy dining experience.We found this cute little place while randomly driving around looking for a good lunch place. We sat at a table outside which was nice and relaxing. The food was really good... and they give you an assortment of fancy breads to munch on while you wait. Delicious! I had the crab cake sandwich which did not disappoint. The service was a little slow, but not bad. Overall a good lunch experience!I enjoyed my meal at Derek's but would definitely say that it was a little overpriced considering the serving sizes. I had the goat cheese salad to start and the seared sea scallops. The scallops were delicious, fresh, and perfectly carmelized. Our waiter seems a little frazzled but still managed to be attentive. 
One criticism of the place would be the seating. while the decor looks modern and chic, they have these low orange chairs upstairs and they are so uncomfortable! They are too deep to sit at and enjoy a nice meal and you feel like you're below the level of the table. We asked to be moved to different seating and saw three other couples ask to be moved as well. I hope they get the hint and replace those chairs!Great ambiance. Below average food. Apparently the food has won lots of awards but it wasn't impressive in my opinion. If you go, you're paying for the ambiance.I came here for dinner last Saturday and had a great time!  The food was great and so was the service.  I most defiantly will return!The food was good.  I'd go back.  It's a nice place to take someone.  Service was sub-par with the waiter, some older guy.  The issue was just with using the restaurant.com coupon we had.  The guy just needed to use his head, tried telling us the alcohol wouldn't count towards the minimum spend when it didn't say anything on there about it.  Believe me, it will explicitly say that if there are any restrictions.  The manager came out and made up some excuse and took it anyway.  I guess that made us happy but should I be happy for a place just for honoring their coupons, no!  Also, the waiter finally remembered I asked for another beer at least ten minutes after the fact, then gave it to me after we had the check and were ready to go.  Seemed like the bartender and the waiters don't get along at all.  That's not really something a customer should notice but it was more than obvious while I was sitting at a table-top by the windows.I went to this restaurant with my husband and one of my good friends. The night was full of contradictions. I'll give you the good and the bad.
The good:
My husband ordered the signature burger, and it was honestly one of the best burgers any of us have ever tasted.  At $18, it is one of the cheaper items on the menu, so if you are there, I definitely recommend ordering this dish. 
The complementary flatbread was also incredibly delicious. I think they put Parmesan cheese on it. Yum!
The manager gave us free drinks and a free appetizer. (But see below re why). 
Cocktail menu and the free appetizer was very good.
The bad:
We had a reservation for 8 o'clock, and we showed up on time. The hostess told us it would be at least a 15 to 20 minute wait. She was pretty unapologetic about that, which isn't that nice when you have a reservation. the wait would've been fine, but honestly there is no place to wait at this restaurant. The bar was full, and the entryway is very small. We were in the way of the waitresses, who kept giving us dirty glances. We would not have minded waiting so much if there were a more comfortable place for us to wait.
After we complained a little bit to the hostess, she got the manager to talk to us. I assumed he would immediately offer us a free drink at the bar, which would've smoothed over everything. he didn't offer us anything. Just said sorry - people at our table were taking their time to get up.  We were finally seated at 8:35 PM and right before that the manager then offered us free drinks and an appetizer.  That is pretty generous. like I said, I think either/or would've been fine, but it probably should've been offered sooner and would have made the wait a little bit more pleasant. 
Because we were seated later, we didn't finish eating till after 10 PM. By then the entire dining room area was filled with a private birthday party. We were actually in the way of the private party. it was awkward leaving as we passed by waitresses handing out passed appetizers and I even heard people comment that they were shocked to see that other patrons in the restaurant were in the room. 
Bottom line is I wouldn't rush back, not because of the food wasn't good but rather because of the socially awkward situations.Manayunk, I miss you!  Great location on main street.  It is a cute little area if you don't want to be in downtown philadelphia.
My friend recently moved to Manayunk so I was visiting from California.  She was searching restaurant.com and used a deal so we could eat at Derek's.  I searched the menu and I seriously wanted everything.  I couldn't decide at all.  I love that the menu offered to the clients a restaurant week deal permanently on the menu.  Had a few glasses of wine.  Also tried the spinach dip for the appetizer..  Very tasty.  Make sure you get more bread because what they give you isn't enough.  My entree was the burger.  It was so juicy and delicious.  Great gourmet burger!  For dessert we had the creme brulee.  I loved that too!  Staff was friendly and explained everything well.  I wish I could go back.The bread basket was good and that's about where the good ended. We dined for Sunday brunch and were so completely underwhelmed. The main complaints: temperature issues. We started with their $3 bloody Mary's which were not cold and pretty bland. Remaining optimistic, we ordered mimosas which were served even warmer! 
The entrees didn't treat us any better. My man asked for his burger to be cooked medium and there wasn't a smidge of pink to be found. His fries were cold. My friend and I both got the crab eggs Benedict and what a letdown. The dish was served in a bowl so all of the hollandaise and egg ran all over the side of fruit. Not appetizing. Also the dish was served too cold. I am never one to leave food on my plate but I did this time - it was really disappointing. 
The vibe and the space is nice so I wanted to like this place, but with so many other great spots in the neighborhood, I doubt I'll be back.I was all excited to go there with my son and family since he picked this restaurant now, unfortunately it was a real marathon to get dinner served, and after hours it actually came out cold. They told us the kitchen was backed up. I don't blame the waitress since she can't force the kitchen to get things done in a reasonable time, but the manager should have come by and apologized for the long delay and wait. I will not be going back there ever again.Derek's is my go to place for good drinks and food. Their spring rolls, zucchini shoe strings, spicy rigatoni, mussels, and their $7 perfect burgers on Mondays are amazing! Derek's always has a drink special each night, prices are so good you really think you're getting tricked. And not to forget happy hour at night, what a bang for your buck from 10pm-midnight! You'll also catch the owner (obviously his name is Derek) drinking a glass of wine and chatting it up with his customers. Very laid back feel yet classy. Great place for date night or just with your friends. Bartenders are really nice and Mike the waiter is amazing!Yeah, this place is awesome. 
First off, the staff. Uber polite, friendly, and knowledgeable of their menu and off-menu items. 
Second, the ambiance of Derek's. It is inviting and contemporary. My only issue was the outdoor seating was unbalanced because it was on a sidewalk. If they figure this out, it will be perfect. 
Third, the food. We had the sweet potato dumplings and bacon/brussels sprouts with bacon as an appetizer.
The dumplings, though tasty, were served a little too hot right off the bat. If you get them, cut em open and let them sit for a minute. The Brussels Sprouts though were delicious. They used more of a pork rind than bacon though. 
For the entree, we had the ribs and the arugula salad. The ribs, sooooo tasty. Not quite fall off the bone, but I'm fine with that. Tender, juicy, and a lipsmacking sauce. The salad, crisp and with fresh veggies.
They also have a big veggie platter menu that is very tempting to get. I hope it's there next time, because I will probably opt for that after pigging out on the ribs.My bridesmaids threw me the most amazing shower at Derek's! Upstairs is a gorgeous room with sunlight and class! The staff was great! My fiancé and I often come here for dinner or brunch Sunday's! We love it here & recommend it to anyone who is looking for a nice romantic & relaxing atmosphere! Leanne is the best server ever!Just a little side note. You can BYO bottle of wine and there is no charge!!
They have a few rules though:
One bottle per couple and you cannot sit at the bar or outside, must be in the dining room
This made me love this restaurant even more :) Well that and the sweet potato gnocchi I ate that evening.wish I could go 2 1/2 stars.  It was OK.  Went for dinner.  A little pricey for some items for what you got.  Service was good.  Parking can be an issue.  Restaurant/Bar was not busy.  Next time will some of the other restaurants along Main Street.  Manager did not seem very friendly or go out of his way to check on things.What can I say... This place was a fantastic experience! The food was fantastic(3 course meal is what I did and wasn't disappointed). The manger is also a sommelier and if you need to know anything about any wine they have... He is your man! Definitely will be dining here again!Yuk!!! We came after a movie.  We were starving, ready to eat.  Tomato soup was cold.   Tuna tartare was OK but the presentation and the plates that were used was a turn off.  (For $15-20 per plate,  I expect better). The thin onion rings were actually good.  We were again completely turned off when the water (how can you mess up water?) tasted horrible.  Never returning here!You can't dislike a restaurant with a menu containing about 8 pages, 3/4 of which are dedicated to drinks.
I've eaten a few times at Derek's, each time being a positive experience.  In fact, I'm just recovering from my all-too-filling, all-too-delicious lunch I just enjoyed there.
If you like squid, I say get the calamari.  It was incredibly delicious and served with a creamy sauce rather than the traditional marinara.  Also, it has a bit of spice to it that adds a whole other dimension of flavor.
The atmosphere and decor are pretty great.  There is a burgundy theme echoed throughout the dining space.  It's reflected in the art work, upholstery and paint, even outside on the awnings.
There is ample outdoor seating, which was filled with today with people enjoying food and drinks.  I, however, left the house without checking the temperature and couldn't bear being out in direct sunlight while wearing jeans.  Plus, I'm a wimp and anything over 75 makes me want to shrivel up and die.  This is my own issue I need to sort out.
One thing I really like is the fact that Derek is almost always in the restaurant.  I've heard some people say he was a bit of a jerk to them, but he's been nothing but nice and easy to talk to in my experience.  I like that he always knows what's going on in his establishment, and takes the time to really be a part of it.
Two things of note:
1. There is always a 3-course, set menu you can order ($20 lunch, $30 dinner).
2.  There is a special every day of the week typical on drinks.  $5 margaritas on Monday you say?  I'm there.We've been to Derek's many times, and we always love it.  Here is how you  have to do it.  Go to restaurant.com, get the $25 off food, then head In, grab a great bottle of red (Derek's has a great wine list). Enjoy some apps and wine.  Sit at a high top in The bar and relax.  Some of our favorites... Truffle shoestring fries, tuna tartare, pulled pork pizza, specials, goat cheese dip, mozz basil tomato salad, ribs, fried zucchini.  O and the burger is amaze.Hadn't been here in quite a while and was so glad that I returned. All of our food choices were excellent. Much better than I had remembered, and updated selections. Service was impeccable. The host, server and chef all checked to make sure that we were happy!This restaurant has the right concept for menu but has no concept of flavor pairing or presentation.  The service was awesome and super friendly.  We loved our waitress....but it did not make the mark for what it could be.  The pizza was a 6 ot 7 on a scale to 10....I had the African Chicken.
Philly seems to be such a restaurant town with so many options for local produce, meats and even drinks.  I would like to see Derek's step it up and take advantage of what is out there.
Yes, I will go back because it's a good, casual restaurant.  It's a solid menu and the margarita was made without a mix (super score for Derek's).  If Derek's was in a different part of the United States I would say "great job".  However, it has real competition and it does not live up to other restaurants on the same street.Checked this place out with a restaurant.com coupon (theirs are valid on Friday nights). Got a table pretty quickly with no reservation. On the way upstairs went through three distinct areas of odor, only the first of which (the kitchen) was pleasant. Nothing horrible, more damp, not quite moldy.
The tables upstairs are small and packed city-tight and the waitstaff was a little delayed in clearing the wineglasses. Our server actually seemed a bit disappointed when we passed on drinks. Admittedly, they had a big wine list and a few interesting cocktails, but it just wasn't a $10/drink kinda night.
The BBQ wings were great, the personal pizzas were pretty good. The overall experience just didn't ring my bell. There is a burrito joint down the block that I have my eye on, though...Derek's has awesome crab cakes with avacado-corn rellish and half price wine bottles on Sunday's.  They have small plates so you don't have to spend a lot and can get a couple small things.  
Some bad things: The chicken quesadilla is bland and some seats are too close to other tables.Decent food, tasty drinks. Derek's has a wide menu, offering mainly Mediterranean and new American dishes. I have had the pesto and olive pizza. It felt like more of a flatbread and was a little underwhelming. The mussels are tasty but the crostini they came with was stale and not the right type of bread for a shellfish accompaniment. Shoestring fries are intensely salted. I do recommend the sesame crusted seared tuna. It is delicious and light. 
Derek's has some nice deals and even a "Take $10 off your next meal"  coupon on the tables. I enjoy the wide low chairs at the front of the bar. Perfect to curl up in and guzzle a Rhuby Slipper- Pama liquer and prosecco. Delicious. The staff is very kind and attentive and I would probably give Derek's another try.Just went to Derek's last night with a friend, for the first and probably my last time. We had a terrible waiter, he knows who he is, but for your reference it was the middle aged waiter with gray hair. 
We were seated at one of the bar tables and he quickly said "be right with you girls!". About 15 minutes later he asked for our drink requests, about another 10 min he came with the drinks and left. Wandered back about 10 min later and asked "Oh do you ladies want to order food?" Well, yes, we wanted food, the menus were on the table and that's why we came to Derek's, to try out the food.
We ordered food and my soup and salad showed up about 20 min later, and about half hour after that, our dinners arrived. My friend had been watching me eat all that time. It was rather strange. 
We did not get drink refills, and not a peep from our waiter during most of our meal. Worst service ever. Sad thing is we actually tipped more than we should have (10%), because we feel bad about not tipping... but he didn't deserve a tip. The most we heard him speak were the specials and he was gone.
Food, was mediocre to bad. Over-salted. What a joke this place is. The restaurant was half empty. There were empty tables outside and in, and plenty of wait staff. There was no reason for the slow service.I used to love brunch here. But the quality has gone down considerably.
I was here over the weekend. Our waitress mixed up the burger order and gave my friend an under cooked burger. When my friend politely asked for it to be taken back and cooked a few more minutes our waitress flipped a chair over walking to the kitchen. Heating up a burger isn't that hard. My friend then came down with food poisoning from her bland $18 burger.
Never again.I try to keep an open mind each time I venture to this funny sounding suburb/city town called Manayunk.
I love the bike race, love the shops, and now love the Soap Box Race!
We went last weekend to watch the race, play in the rain and hang out at a friend's house on Manayunk Ave.  
We endured the down pour and saw about 20 of the carts race down!  We ate great burgers at our friend's house and beer kept flowing.
At the end of the day, we went to Derek's to grab a final beer while we waited for the train.  I should have known better as this was my second bad experience there.  
The first time, a friend and I sat outside to eat lunch one summer day when all of a sudden, inbetween our appetizer and sandwiches a HUGE piece of glass comes crashing down on our table!  WOW!  No one knew where it came from and since the restaurant was busy, no one seemed to care either.  My friend got  a shard in her face, so the waitress rushed her to the bathroom to clean up.  The funny thing was that after that no one seemed to notice that I had a giant broken piece of glass on my table.  
We didn't get comped anything, we weren't offered a table inside...we were just told it would get cleaned up shortly.
A manager didn't even come out.
WHAT A CROCK.  You can be sure we got out of there quickly (and later found it was a window that came out of the attic of this building by some freak accident).  Regardless, the response was atrocious.
So, last weekend, we stood around a table outside at Derek's, next to the servers, and talked about getting a beer.
Not being a "wait around" type of girl I went inside to get 4 beers.
I had 2 bartenders walk by and look at me before they came back to give me a look as if "what do you want".  I had to ask for the beers and got them with no smile or anything.
Then when I walked back out to our table the waiter, who was still just standing in front of the door, had the nerve to say, "oh, I could have gotten those for you."  YEAH RIGHT!  I think we laughed in his face.
The bottom line is don't go there.
Sure the bar is cool, but from my experience and from the others here that we unimpressed by the food...why waste your time and money.
Peace Out.Updating my review because of an experience I had yesterday. It had just snowed, hailed, and rained for two days straight. The Manayunk streets were disgusting and most Main Street businesses were closed. I was wandering around in search of lunch because I was early for my train and wanted to curl up somewhere warm. Lo and behold, Derek's was open. I ordered my Rhuby Slipper and the mussels and chatted with the bartender, Caitlin, about the weather. My drink was excellent as usual and the mussels in white broth were even better than the first time. At one point, Derek himself was walking around the restaurant. I thanked him for being open and he laughed and thanked me for coming. Another employee told me he has closed twice in 23 years. It is that kind of commitment to serving the community that makes me really like this venue. I will continue to come here because of the good vibes and great cocktails.I went to Derek's on a Monday after a meeting, it was 14 of us. So, from first glance it looks like a nice trendy place... And it was! I loved the atmosphere here. So , we started out with drinks... Some had wine others had this very tasty grapefruit martini thing, both were good but you will not get a buzz at all from the drinks. They brought out flat bread with butter which was good, we had margarita pizza and calamari appetizers. Both were good.  I had the flatiron steak over mashed potatoes with caramelized onions, it was fabulous... The sauce was rich, it gave the dish the right amount of flavor and the portion was nice!! Some of my colleagues ordered the braised pork over grits, it looked good but the portion was small.. (My coworker had to go get a burger on the way home.)Two of my colleagues order vegetarian dishes which looked great.. Overall it was  a nice experience  but we had one waiter for a party of 14!!!!! Needless to say, the service was slow because we had only one waiter and I felt like we spent most our time trying to find him. I would def go back but it won't be for drinks/happy hour bc the drinks aren't strong enough.I returned to Derek's a week or so ago and it was a complete disappointment. I didn't notice my first time there how overpriced the food is - $26 for 4 small scallops? Really? And they weren't even that great! My boyfriend got the spicy chicken pasta dish, which had good flavor, but the sauce was unbelievably oily. The oil actually separated. The restaurant was stifling hot...our server (who was very good) said that it's been that hot for weeks and is just the result of an old building. He joked that at the end of the night, all the servers stand in the walk-in freezer just to cool down. When I'm dropping $75+ for dinner, I'd expect to not sit and sweat the entire time. I don't think I'll be back.The service was awful. I went with my friends for Sunday brunch and waited 20 minutes for our mimosas to come. We ended up leaving after our second round of mimosas since our food never made it out an hour later. Not cool.Get the burger it is great, kinda of pricey for a burger but the truffle oil and size makes up for it. Ribs were more than a disappointment I would avoid.A group of friends and I dined here last night. This had to be a joke. We had reservations and were sat promptly, thus the 1 star, if I could I would give it a 0. Our waiter was absolutely horrible. We ordered a round of cocktails and they sat at the bar so long that by the time they were delivered the majority of the ice had melted. The server not once checked on us during our meal. We also were given water at the start and never was refilled for the 2 hours that we sat there.
On to the food, we ordered there special app for the evening which was chips and guacamole for the table, the waiter did not inform us that we should have ordered 2 orders. There were about 8 chips and a small dollop of guac. I split 3 small and medium plates with my friend. First the cheese plate, the most expensive of the three, it came with 3 very small portions of cheese, 2 of which were almost identical. With the cheese came a sort of cheese cracker, that was super crumbly and the cracker took away from the cheese. Also there was a pool of lavender honey, the honey touched two of the cheeses and overpowered the taste of the cheese. If you were able to taste the cheese on their own when avoiding the honey and figuring out that the cracker was totally useless, the cheese itself was actually very good. Next the wings, I was actually laughing when eating these. They had no sauce on them, just a plain fried wing, accompanied with a jalapeño ranch, which just tasted like hidden valley ranch with no trace of jalapeño whatsoever. If we had a competent server, I would have asked for some hot sauce, seriously they were that bad!  Finally, the three little piggies pizza. The toppings were very good on this pizza, however the crust was disgusting. It was soft and soggy so the toppings was not supported at all by the crust. 
I can not speak for the other's food, but they both agreed that this place was not at all up to par with the ambiance and how the menu read. The menu did not translate at all to what Derek's puts on their plate. Needless to say I won't be returning any time soon unless I hear of a new chef, owner, menu. This was absolutely one of the worst dining experiences in my entire life.Great place on Main Street in Manayunk. The food is very good. I recommend the fried calamari as an appetizer. The drink menu is also very good! Try the Candy Cocktails! I had the starburst on the rocks. Yummy. My only issue I have with Derek's is the sitting in the back dinning room gets so cramped. I felt like I was on top of the table next to us but it did not ruin the night.  If you don't like dinning in tight spots I recomend asking to be seated in the front near the bar because there are a few booths. Enjoy.Food has fallen off in past year, admittedly I haven't been for brunch in quite some time. Drinks are overpriced but selection of mixed cocktails, wine and beer is decent. Don't waste your time at a table, sit at the bar. Service is still pretty good although late night the employees seem to disappear for long stretches. Still not a bad choice for an evening cocktail with bar menu. This place really needs a good happy hour special for the young professionals that frequent Manayunk.I came here for drinks only. That being said, I had the skinny bitch and was less than impressed because it was mainly coke, did not taste any alcohol. As far as the restaurant/bar, I liked the ambiance and atmosphere. It's actually good for a date night or just sit at the bar and catch a game.
I came back for brunch on a Sunday morning.  I tried their eggs Benedict, it was ok, not impressed. My date had the omelet which came out kind of dry. He also ordered Bloody Mary, but he didn't like it. Not much a spot for brunch, there are better choices in manayunk.I recently returned to Derek's for a second time after a pretty "meh" first visit. I was shocked to see the once-cramped, uninviting dining room had been redesigned! No more "tushies in your face" close, one-booth seating! Instead, there are about 3 large, half-moon booths on the righthand side, with a few tables to the left. This made it gain many more stars with me. Our server (whose name I have sadly forgotten) was charming and attentive, and the food was delicious and plentiful (although that was the case with my first visit as well). The scallops were to die for! 
Overall the redesign of the dining room area has really upped it in my book, and now I am much more likely to return. The seating was what had really disappointed the first time around, and now that it's been rectified, it's a joy to dine here. It was a bit on the pricier side but the food was definitely worth it. I'm really happy with this change at Derek's, and now I will be much more likely to pass the word on!The worst meal that I have ever had at Derek's. The first thing I asked the hostess to do was tell our waitress that the meal was a birthday celebration. She forgot so there was no dessert with a candle. The waitress never gave us bread, there is always a bread tray. They tried 4 different times to serve a hot cup of coffee. One order was smoked salmon and the waitress asked how she wanted it cooked, lox cooked, really.
The restaurant was dirty. Tables were never bused and crumbs were all over the floor. The flies were happy.
When I complained to the manager about all this his reply was sorry I am shocked and nothing else.
Too bad a good restaurant was so badI have been drawn to this restaurant because I love the atmosphere in Manayunk. My first experience was on Mother's Day, we were seated in a cramp area in the back which I wouldn't suggest to anyone, the food was deelish but thru out the course of the meal we somehow lost our waiter only to look across from where we were seated to see he had changed his clothes and sat down to join his family for dinner. He never once came back after giving us our food to see how we were doing or if we needed anything. I thought it was rude of him not to say that he was leaving and someone else would be taking over, which we had to go get the person. 
I decided to give them a second chance and I purchased a coupon card from a legitimate coupon site which the offer stated I would get 50% off my total bill up to 75.00, along with that it gave me 8 BOGO entrees (4 for lunch & 4 for dinner). So my friends(4) and I go to Dereks last night I presented the waiter with my coupon card he said great we will take care of it at the end. So we are eating & drinking and having a great time. At the end of our meal The waiter comes back and says to me I'll give this to my manager and she will use the best option off your bill, which I thought was strange because he hadn't presented us with the bill so I could see how much it was, so she uses one of the BOGO options and brings the bill to the table and the bill was 173.00, now clearly she didn't use the best option which would have been the 50% of the bill. So I asked her why she choose that option which only took 13.00 off the bill. She was quite rude that I challenged her, telling me SHE IS THE MANAGER! I told her I didn't give a damn who she was and that she was gonna use the BEST OPTION so she takes it back and comes back with the bill of $113.00 which had saved us 60.00. Then she apologized because she knew she was wrong. In the end I still lost because I won't be going back there, so I will most likely give my coupon card away and hope someone else has a better dining experience then I had.WOW, this used to be a Gem a long time ago.
Now...
So the famous dumplings are microwaved from the freezer right before they are fried, and hence my mouth was burned yesterday, and today I still get to remember lunch was horrible.
Spring rolls taste freezer burned (I think I see a pattern...do you?).
The Tuna avocado tartar sat so long in the fridge that the avocado turned black, and the dish looked like something more fitting in a bathroom than a plate.
The Caesar salad was so bad (how do you screw that one up?) we left it as is in the plate.
The potato soup was sour, and was left as is on the table.
So, no one asked why we didn't eat, or left most of the apps on the table.
Service was nice so we left a nice tip as it is not your server's fault the kitchen is horrible(and I think she knew that).
Another note - there was exposed insulation right above our heads with light fixtures attached to it which is a fire hazard and could also mean you get to eat tiny hairs of insulation as people upstairs walk and shake some of it off.
We call it the Main street curse....every restaurant after being successful for a while just drops the ball due to lots of foot traffic and hype. This is why we keep going to center city for food and so should you (Smokin' John's on Main Street  is still OK food BTW).This place is a little pricey, but it's pretty much worth it. The fried calamari is a favorite, and the raspberry caramel bread pudding is delicious. My husband and I used to frequent this place a lot when we lived in Manayunk, and we do miss it now. The specialty cocktails (jolly rancher, starburst...) are good, but they are SUPER STRONG. So, if that's not your style, I wouldn't spend your money on them. Also, everytime we went Derek was actually there. You can tell the guy is really invested in his business, and it shows.An nice looking but ok place. 
Went here on a Saturday night. We got cocktails. I had the portjito, made with white port, the taste was a little too light and citrus for me. I should have gotten a regular mojito. 
We had several starters to kick off our dinner. The calamari was decent nothing great but alright. The cheese dip we had was particular good to me, worth getting. Someone got the steam mussels and we were able to sample some, again decent. 
For our main dish, I got the salmon. In my opinion, it was a small strip of salmon. Dish also came with potato cake and string beans. All were decent. The GF got the small plate lamb chops. They were good, tender enough, not dried out. The small portions fitted our mood for the night as we previously stuff ourselves earlier in the afternoon. Service was decent. 
Obviously the word I would describe this place is...decent. It's ok but nothing expectational. It's a nice place with nice prices. So quality of food compare to price, isn't where it should be, IMO. If you're in the Manayunk neighborhood, like we were, worth a stop. Just don't expect to be wowed.The [gf] and I went here for lunch one day and found it to be a little lacking in originality. Seeing that the outside was very posh, and the insides are nice too; we expected a little more excitement in our meal. I had the burrito which was good enough but could have used a little more finesse in the presentation. There was also a lot of people with kids there that day, which I have no issue with - but it makes the place a little less intimate and exclusive when people are letting their kids run around all over the place. 
I am sure this restaurant has wonderful late night dinner but lunch didn't light a fire for me or my companion.After almost 5 years in absence, I made my grand return to Manayunk in style---and headed to a Sunday brunch with friends to catch up and enjoy their bottomless mimosas. 
All I can say is wow.  Wow, wow, wow.  Firstly, don't bring your pooch here.  Although they don't ban them, the poor waiter made such a big deal  about my friends mellow-ass lab mix that it made all of us really uncomfortable.  He was literally making a huge wide circle around the table and reaching over to hand us stuff from a few feet away to avoid the dog.  Really?  REALLY?  After realizing that the sweet thing is not a demon dog, the waiter relaxed and told us his "horror story" about a dog that terrorized him.  Thank gawd we'd gotten our first of many rounds of mimosas at this point to take this dude in stride.  
I got the burger.  I just read that someone gave this place 5-stars based solely on their burger.  That poor, unfortunate soul.  My burger was tough, not seasoned correctly, and accompanied by rancid greens that they tried to pass off as a salad.  Again, thank gawd for those mimosas.  
If I hadn't been in serious reminiscing-mode about having lived in Manayunk in years past, I might have thrown in the towel high-tailed it outta there.  But I stuck around and had one too-many mimosas and then proceeded to stumble back up the hill.Their dinner specials are always great- burgers on Monday for $6 is a phenomenal deal. tuna appetizer is best I ever had.  Probably the finest restaurant in Manayunk if you are looking for great atmosphere and suburb food. Not cheap.The restaurant itself was pretty classy. I felt that the moment I stepped in, and once I read the menu, I was reassured. 
The menu doesn't have an overload of stuff, but a decent range of food for everyone. I came here with family and no one seemed to have a difficult time choosing what they wanted from a one page menu. 
The food's pretty pricey, so I wouldn't recommend Derek's if you're a college student and is looking for a hang out place with friends, but the food feels and looks like it's worth the money. It tasted gourmet. 
I felt pretty daring and ordered something "different" (the Veggie Plate, if you wanted to know!) and I wasn't disappointed. My boyfriend got the popular "Three Little Piggies Pizza" and was content as well. 
Overall, it was a fine experience. No complaints!I live close by Manayunk, and I have been to Derek's many times.  I will take the time to review because after a wonderful date night  I discovered new things about Derek's.  We had the opportunity to dine upstairs.  Derek's is a consistent place regarding derive and food.  During this visit, I asked about the what was the "wait staff's favorite dishes.  I took the suggestion on one of the dishes and had the "pulled pork quesaduilla"- it was Yummy!!  We also shared the crab/shrimp egg rolls - they were tasty, but I have had better.  Brunch has $3 mimosas.
Pros:  
Friendly Staff
Consistently Good Food 
Prompt Service and Good Happy Hour
Cons: Nothing to do w/Derek's - the weekend parking in the area is nothing nice - try to come after Happy Hour during the week. 
Tip For Happy Hour:
$3 OUR ENTIRE DRAFT BEER SELECTION 
$4 SELECT GLASSES OF WINE 
$5 CLASSIC COCKTAIL OF THE DAY5 stars for the food, 5 stars for the atmosphere, 3-ish stars for service in this particular experience.
I've come to Derek's many times, and previously considered it to be a good standby - you always know you'll have a positive experience there. However, my two most recent experiences were bumped down due to the service. The hosts were great and sat us immediately for our reservation. Our servers, different each time, were a little off in their interpretation of our table's needs. Each of the past two times we've visited, the servers seemed unable to anticipate our needs without checking in constantly and interrupting our conversation. While having an attentive server is optimal, these servers go overboard. For instance, as a former server I personally would observe a table and approach them to see if they'd like more drinks if their glasses were looking low, or if they were looking at the wine menu - otherwise I'd wait for their cue. Our server asked repeatedly, even when we all had completely full glasses and were clearly in the middle of a conversation. While at Derek's for 1 hour, the server approached us at least 8 times. The ordering process was rushed, and we asked for more time to look at the menu but the server came back almost immediately to let us know he'd have to "kidnap our menus" if we didn't order soon...which I think was meant to be a joke, but having been at the restaurant for only about 10 minutes I didn't see reason to rush us. By the end, the server was referring to himself as "Mr. Annoying", so he must have had some insight into the effect he was having on our table despite our best efforts to remain polite and courteous to him. We left for dessert, but likely would have stayed if we had had a different server that may have let us have conversations. 
I'm not sure if the behavior of the server was due to knowing he had a few more reservations coming in and trying to get us through our entrees first, or if Derek's servers are expected to sell a certain amount of alcohol per table and he was attempting to sell us more...but in any case, the overkill by the server really decreased our experience this time around. The food and drinks were great...but probably won't be heading back soon.All I can say is that might literally be the best burger I've had in my life. They get five stars on the basis of that alone. The waitress was a little bitchy, but not enough to ruin my experience. Everything else was pretty much what you'd expect from a main street restaurant in Manayunk. Chic, but not so much that you feel bad wearing shorts and t-shirt. Average prices, good location, etc, etc.
But the burger..........wow.What a bore. The atmosphere was very deceiving. I'm confused as to why the restaurant looks so good but everything else is so boring. The food wasn't worth it. Our waiter wouldn't stop talking. I think my fiancée and I spent more time listening to his stories than spending time together. The food was very disappointing. I'm definitely not going back.My husband and I stopped here with our dog for an impromptu brunch a few weekends ago and had a nice time.  We sat outside (with previously mentioned dog) and ordered mimosas.  Our server brought our drinks as well as a pan of water for the pup, which we (and she!) always appreciate.
We split the french toast stuffed with mascarpone cheese and strawberries, which came in a "warm vanilla sauce."  It was sweet and rich and tasty, but it wasn't Sabrina's.  That said, I'd go back, even if the mimosas seemed weak,PARKING IS FREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   this is probably important for some people and would be nice to know about beforehand rather than AFTER you've already parked your  car...............  also corkage if free except for Friday and Saturday.
Be warned................this place is loud.............VERY LOUD...............did you hear that?  
Large portions and very hit or miss.
We started out with the soup of the day.  And boy was this a big miss.  Mushroom soup which turned out to be salt soup, They should have scrapped this,  it ruined the rest of the impression the meal had on us.  
They have a Lunch Tasting Menu for $22.00.  We chose Sweet potato dumplings, Margherita pizza and funnel cake/vanilla ice cream. 
Friends had Cheese spinach deep with Challah bread, bacon latke, veggie burger, grilled chicken sandwich.
The dumplings, spinach dip, veggie burger, chicken sandwich were okay.  The bacon latke was basically hash browns.  The funnel cake was weird, but saved by the ice cream.  The margherita pizza was???   Ehhh.    Sigh   
I was really disappointed.
Alisa our server was very nice.     But we will not be going back.
Manyunk is still great.Absolute garbage - the most disgusting meal I've ever had.  Went there for Mother's Day Brunch with my daughter.  The buffet line snaked around the downstairs and out the door.  The line was too large for such a small space and the people in line were literally on top of the diners.  The bacon was not cooked.  The eggs benedict was disgusting - canadian bacon undercooked with a huge ring of fat around it, complimented with congealed hollandaise sauce and an egg that was cold.  I complained to our server and he complained to me that it was HIS birthday... the manager didn't give a damn either as he informed me that everyone else seemed to be enjoying their meal - I should have dumped my plate on his head and just walked out instead.  He was kind enough to take pity on me and had Derek cook my bacon so it was well done and still charged me for everything.  If you ask me, it was a complete waste of my money.  I would have been better off buying something and making it at home.  I emailed the restaurant on two separate occasions and they did not even acknowledge me, so here I am on Yelp and I'm going to complain... and you can't ignore me now!!!.  It's not about the customer at this place and you couldn't pay me to go back there again.  This place is almost as bad as Jake's.Waitress was overtly unfriendly, food didn't come for over 30 minutes and they screwed up order. Not coming back.Don't bother making a reservation at Derek's through OpenTable.  If they're busy, they won't honor it.Brunch -- went there early on a Saturday and sat outside...the tables were unbalanced and that made for a bit of juggling with beverages and such.  
The food was average and not something exceptional...but overall it was fine...the salmon platter had nice smoked salmon but the toast served with it was not enough and the onions and other items on the plate were just not balanced or composed with the dish.
My friend had the fritata with grilled veggies...it was ok ...not overcooked but again there was nothing else served with it to help the meal be complete like toast or potatos or some salad....anything would have helped.
The service was really good the waiter was the best part of the meal ...he was really accommodating...good job Angus...we got offered coupons if we filled out the card.Not a terrible experience overall, but the food was underwhelming. The Brussels sprouts were burnt, when server inquired about why I had not eaten them I explained this and they said "oh sorry" never bothered to remake them and I still got charged for them. What?! The rest of the meal was ok, but nothing memorable or worth a return trip for. Service was nice and (mostly) attentive and the atmosphere is good, but the food is what is most important and this didn't do it for me.The problem with Derek's is that the food quality is inconsistent.  You could order a dish on Monday and it will be fabulous, but on Wednesday that same dish could be bland or over-seasoned. I have eaten here many times, and each time I leave feeling alright about my dining experience.  
They have an extensive wine list with something to please everyone. There are good deals on lunches, and dinner is reasonable. The service is always great, and try to save room for their wonderful deserts.
All in all, there are better places to get dinner on Main Street. If you're looking for drinks and some bar food, Derek's is fabulous.Overall the experience was disappointing. This was my first time dining at Derek's and I was excited to try the menu. Our server was poorly trained and had an attitude throughout brunch. We had to ask one of the other servers to find him just to get water. We started with the fried calamari which took a while to come out and came out cold. Our server was ill-mannered by talking to other tables in the middle of taking our entree orders. I ordered the steak & eggs and was disappointed, the filet was not medium rare but still decent and the eggs were over cooked.  Unfortunately, I will not be going back to here.I've been to Derek's several times.  Each time the bartenders were super-friendly and seemed to love their jobs.  Wait staff, hostesses, and managers all treat you like you've known them for years.  I can appreciate that kind of service.  Their menu has nice touches and everything was delicious.  I highly recommend the zucchini strings and pizzas.  I haven't been there for dinner yet but I'll definitely be going soon.  It's quickly becoming my favorite place on Main Street!My friend and I are always here on Sundays to enjoy their half-priced wine bottles. Always a great time. Service is pretty good. Food is always great!!We went here for brunch a few weeks ago.  Awful experience!!!
So we were there around noon one Saturday in August on our way to a friends.  We had our 20 month old with us.  Early August in Manayunk is pretty quiet and other than a couple of tables outside, we were the only people in the restaurant. 
Now I mention our 20 month old - we are the parents that bring the table cover, have toys for him and a video ready.  We are prepared to make the meal go as smooth as possible with a toddler.  In turn, our son is generally pretty cool when we go out to eat.  He's a picky eater, so we always bring peanut butter and figure we can get bread wherever we go.
Well, despite the fact that we were pretty much the only ones there, the waitress didn't seem to want to be bothered with us. What is more, she looked really annoyed that we had a child with us... We asked her for a piece of bread so we could make the kid a peanut butter sandwich and she looked at us like we were speaking a different language.  
We ordered our meal.  It took a while to come out.  The food was fine.  The waitress did not check on us during the meal. Not once.  When my wife was just about done with her omelet, the waitress stopped by and after a little brought us salt and pepper.  As we were just about finished with our meal we got a refill on our drinks.  AGAIN, it was not busy at all. In fact, she had time to take a call from someone behind the bar and relate a hilarious murder suicide joke/reference to some other waiter/waitress that called about the shift.  I know most customers love to hear just half of those super funny murder suicide jokes when they go out for brunch... FYI, I love satire and Swift's A Modest Proposal is right up my alley. I don't like murder suicide jokes loudly related by my waitress while she ignores my table.  If the place was packed I probably would have given her a pass on the poor service, but since it wasn't, and she was generally miserable, I shall not...  
THEN... it got even worse... My wife asked about where the bathroom was... again, the waitress seemed inconvenienced but told her where to go. On her way back from the bathroom, my wife overheard the waitress bad-mouthing us to another waitress in the kitchen.  I'm not sure why - seems to be because our toddler had enough of sitting still towards the end of our meal and cried.
After my wife came back she told me not to leave a good tip because she overheard them.  I generally leave 20-30 percent for lunch tips because I figure the servers are working just as hard as at dinner but the prices are low. Instead I left about a 12% tip and let her know that the customers can hear it when you talk about them in the kitchen.
Prior to this incident I had a favorable view of this place.  The night my wife and I got engaged we stopped here for a drink before going home.  Now... we will never go back. Even though my wife liked her omelet...Purchased a Restaurant.com cert to go to Dereks so we stopped in on a Thursday night and was soon very disappointed.  Great service, decent atmosphere, high prices for low quality food,  
Strolling through Manayunk, we decided to stop at Dereks which seemed like a decent bar for the area.  Atmosphere was great and bar was comfortable. The  strip steak caught my eye so ordered that as well as a side of olives for an appetizer.  My partner ordered the filet salad.  Upon arrival, my strip steak was sliced and doused with a sauce.  The plate also included  a dabble of mashed potatoes.  The plate was created and prepared well, but the steak was not at all appetizing.  It was tough and gamy. This would lead me to believe they are serving Australian beef.  Grass fed which any beef that is grass fed is a much tougher meat, and the gaminess is just another indication of Australian beef.  Very disappointed since it was a $26 plate.  I had expected not only a better portion size, but also a USDA grade quality of beef.  A vegetable added to the plate would have been nice also. The $23 filet salad was also shameful.  The filet medallions were small and tough also.  As for the olives.......well, cant screw them up.  
So, after five cocktails between us, the two meals, and a $4 olive appie, we get out check.  Would have never guessed our under poured Absolute and Club cocktails were $9.50 a drink.  The total tab was $102.00 minus $25 gift card.  $102 for horrific meat and under poured drinks!  This establishment should be absolutely ashamed of themselves.  Again, for the price, the meat should have been of the utmost quality and they should have been pouring you an appreciative amount of alcohol in your cocktails.  Service was fine from our waitress.  Very pleasant and accommodating.  
Overall, would not return based on food quality/quantity for the price and the price for cocktails based on their pour.Food and drinks are just ok but wayyyyy overpriced for the quality/quantity you get. The atmosphere is nice though.i've only been at the bar to eat and drink, but barstaff are very polite, knowledgeable, and know when to leave you alone.I have gone a couple of times for brunch.  It is average quality food.  I like it because the bloody marys are delicious and cheap on the weekend.
Seating outside is fancy.  Best to get a table near windows.Food selections are great. Drink list is good as well. Been there a bunch of times with family and friends. A bit pricey, but it is an upscale eatery, so understood.Terrible experience and bad service. I went to Derek's on a rainy Monday night with my girlfriend for a night out. We were seated in the far back corner of their downstairs dinning room that was quite empty. We each ordered one of their $5 mojito and margarita, which tasted more like mix and syrup than a drink and eventually ordered standard mix drink. We tried the Brussel sprouts appetizer which was amazing and would recommend to anyone, however the new food runner brought it to the wrong table. We were then told it was re-entered and it would be compensated for the inconvenience, but when the bill was received the Brussel sprouts were never removed. The entries were also very good, we ordered the Grill sirloin NY strip and the giant scallops. They meal were cooked properly and tasted delicious. I have worked many years in the restaurant industry and have never felt this dissatisfied with the service and experience provided.Went here to start off an evening with friends. We gave up our seating in the front bar area for seating in the dining area.  That was definitely a mistake.  The back dining area on the first floor is a bit cramped.   But we sucked it up and started our dining experience.  Food was solid. Nothing truly wowed us.  The service was a bit slow, but overall our server was doing as best he could to tend to our needs.  The brussel sprouts, meatballs and truffle fries were very tasty. One friend had the salmon dish that she seemed to enjoy very much.   And speaking of the cramped quarters in the back area, we were so close to the next table, we were comparing plates and looking at each others selections. Made for some fun conversation.  Derek's does serve up nicely plated dishes from all the selections we ate and saw at the next table.
Overall, I'd probably come here again.  BUT to the front bar area though.  Or maybe the upstairs area, as folks with me mentioned upstairs is nice for hosted events, parties, etc.My bridesmaids threw me the most amazing shower at Derek's! Upstairs is a gorgeous room with sunlight and class! The staff was great! My fiancé and I often come here for dinner or brunch Sunday's! We love it here & recommend it to anyone who is looking for a nice romantic & relaxing atmosphere!My boyfriend and I went there for brunch last weekend and had a pretty good time.  They have a great deal with all you can drink bloody mary's or mimosas with a breakfast entree for a little over $20.  While the food was just ok, it was a great deal and a nice little sunday brunch spot. I had the omlette with smoken chicken, cheese, and pico de gallo, which was good, but my boyfriend had the burger which he said was only ok.The bartenders here are AMAZING!!!! Unfortunately, Derek's is more than a bar. The food is ok. (The Sunday brunch is better than their everyday fare). Dousing fries in truffle oil, & bland wheat pizza can only be appreciated by someone who's had 4 or more drinks. The owner is full of himself and made a wisecrack at me & my friend's expense implying we did not want to leave. (Me. The over-tipping ex bartender. Yep) So we left. Don't worry Derek. I shall not be returning. Deuces!I ventured here on a Sunday morning, with some local area friends. Best decision ever.
Conveniently located off I-76, off the Belmont Ave/Green Lane exit, it is right on Main street in quiet little Manayunk, away from the hustle and bustle of Philly. You can also take the R6 to get here. The decor of the restaurant is to die for. Upstairs on a sunny day, with the sun beaming through the glass, so peaceful and relaxing, and a vibrant but classy style. The staff is very friendly and attentive, and the place is spotless. 
On Saturdays and Sundays, all the Bloody Mary's and Mimosas are $3 each until 3 pm, and also on Sundays the entire bottle wine list is half price. Which is perfect to go with their amazing food. They bring a variety of bread before you meal, to include what I believe was a banana muffin, chocolate muffin, garlic pita bread w garlic butter, and one other option. I opted for the bananas foster french toast for $13, which  had sliced bananas sauteed with dark rum, brown sugar, and butter, with whipped cream. I was worried it would be too sweet, but it was spot on. I also added a side of brown sugar cured smoked bacon for $4.50 which I thought was a touch pricey, but once I saw the portion size, it was appropriate. I could see myself returning for the brunch burger, or the smoked chicken breast and Monterey jack cheese omelette but the french toast might get me again. I'll absolutely return. 
Note, they have a Sunday brunch special with unlimited mimosas but you have to call in advance to reserve.I went to Dereks tonight, the server was very nice. I was happy she offered us a customer card to fill out for discounts, at the end of our dinner we left and my husband phone was left at the restaurant. Within minutes we were notified via a phone call. Thanks so much, we will be back! The food was excellent!I ate here twice during Manayunk Restaurant Week and was disappointed. While the menu includes some unique options, the reality is that it sounds better than it tastes. The lobster ravioli actually was very good, but the chocolate pretzel tart was so hard I almost cracked my tooth!The best restaurant in Manayunk. Great energy from food and staff. They have everything for every taste, plus it's waay affordable. The greatest distinction between this and other places is they actually care. They care about food and they care about people. It's the little things that makes the big deal. Derek's is a big deal. GoFood was very good and service was okay. I tried a vegetarian market plate, not my usual cuisine, and found it really good. 
The decor is worn and heading to shabby. Maybe it's just a sign of the times.On the strength of them having a drink named after me "Justinlicious" this place gets a high rating...
Moving on, cool ambiance, unique looking bar at the front. 
The hostess was a little testy when my party ended up being 1 person larger than reserved but it was all good....probably a bit stressed...Mother's day.  Another hostess later went out of her way to see if our party was pleased and our waitress was great.  Everyone enjoyed the food. If I had it to do over again. I would over dose on about 3 of the appetizer dishes (calamari, ribs and quesadillas)
The chicken I had for dinner was good too.  Everyone enjoyed themselves.
I'm checking them out for brunch next.Probably the worst almost-dining experience I ever had. I say almost dining because on a Saturday night we had a reservation at 8:30 which we arrived 5 minutes early for and they informed is upon arrival that they were not seating because the kitchen was "overwhelmed" with the current orders and if "we sat you at a table the servers would get confused" .....so we can't even sit and order drinks while your trying to get things under control? "No" okay then. When will you be serving food? "Could be 5 minutes, could be 25" ...... This was a lovely experience, paid $10 for parking for a reservation made hours in advance and they can't even call customers that have made reservations and give them a heads up? Not going to give it a second try, thanks but no thanks. "We're not serving food right now" but aren't you a restaurant? Not today apparently.I visited Derek's about two weeks ago with my boyfriend. As other reviewers have stated, there is a a nice ambiance but I did find the booth seating a little too close. If you choose to sit at a booth in the back- it is a long booth on one side with small tables and then chairs on the other so you end up sitting rather close to another party if crowded.
I loved the food. We did the dinner tasting menu where we each chose 3 courses.  Our favorites were the goat cheese and spinach dip and the pork shoulder. The dip was served with toasted bread and was reminiscent of a gooey grilled cheese when dipped- but more gourmet.
I cannot say enough about the pork shoulder. My boyfriend and I both loved it. It was served with sweet grits and a great sauce on the bottom; the meal was just delicious. My boyfriend loved the oreo cheesecake. 
This place is a little pricey. Derek's is perfect for a special occasion or just a nice night out.
I will definitely go back.