We got take-out from Desi Village and the portions were exceedingly small. The full orders looked more like the doggie bag I take home after eating a meal at other restaurants.  The containers were only half-filled & so were our stomachs once the food was gone. 
We spent $28 on two of us & I think that should have been enough to receive a reasonable amount of food.  Instead my boyfriend made himself a sandwich once we were done.
The Mulligatawny Soup was the worst I ever had. Tasted like & had the consistency of the last scrapings of soup with a cup full of water added to it. The entrees were tasty, just ridiculously small with a ton of rice to try and make for it. 
There is better Indian food in the same neighborhood.The chicken tikka masala, veg samosa and mango lassi are extraordinary and a chicken biryani is a bit specie but it taste goodI like the atmosphere. It's calm and good for conversation. Bring your date here if both of you enjoy good Indian food! Even if you don't, you'll be turned into liking it. I love their lamb biryani, medium is usually enough for me but if you can't handle spicy that much, just say none at all. Their mango Lassi is awesome and so does the chicken Tikka masala. :-) I like the garlic Naan a lot, combine with the tomato soup it's just delish! price is good,  not too pricey considering the good service and  great food.I'm not sure why there are bad reviews of this place. It's a great little no frills hole in the wall restaurant that dishes out some of the best curries around at very reasonable prices.  Their chicken Biryani is to die for.  BYOB and yes, BYOI (bring your own ice), but it's so worth it!I can't tell if the changes this place needs to make end up just adding to its small local charm or irritate the crap outta me. I came here with a friend and the place was empty. We were seated right away and they basically let us sit anywhere. There was a young girl who greeted us and got waters right away. With only one table in the restaurant I wasn't expecting slow service anyways. The issue I had right away with this place was a cleanliness factor. There was a table right next to us that had a dirty tablecloth with stains all over it. I'm talking huge stains of spilled food that I just couldn't stop staring at because eww. 
My friend and I ordered the saag lamb which I loved. I got some garlic naan on the side which was fantastic as well. They skimp on the lamb in the saag, which was noticed and not appreciated, so if you're ordering the meal just know you're paying extra for the lamb without much of the actual lamb in it. You might as well just get the chicken. Back to the service, remember how I said we were the only table? Well that might have worked to our disadvantage because the girl totally forgot about us! She refilled our waters once and was totally absorbed in her phone. 
While I was dining in I heard they take tons of take-out orders. So maybe this is a place people tend to order from, but not eat in. Makes sense given the lack of clean tablecloths.The best Indian food I've eaten in Philadelphia, by far. If it weren't located a bit away from the Penn campus, it would give places like New Delhi and Sitar a real run for their money. 
I like buffets in general, but places like Tandoor and Sitar are good, not great. The reason they get some much business especially around lunch time is because they're closer to Penn. But trust me, if you want really good, authentic north Indian food then Desi Village is the place. It is simply outstanding. Indian food is rarely eaten in buffet style, its almost always ala carte and you know when you see a buffet (for example, at Indian weddings), you know its for the convenience but not the substance. Desi Village is all about the substance. They do not serve buffets, and that means all the dishes are made for you, customized if you want.
The village Naan is exciting - don't be put off by its red color - its spicy and extremely tasty. The dal makhani is the best I've had in ages, as is the saag. 
The staff is very warm and friendly. They will be happy to make suggestions based on your preferences. It is also BYOB.
Authentic North India cuisine. I am definitely becoming a regular.Love this place! Authentic indian food, always good. Don't miss the samosa chaat and the palak paneer! The chicken tandoori is also delicious. The employees are always friendly and helpful.I've ordered takeout a few times from here because it's close to my apartment.  The restaurant is clean and the staff is always friendly.
However, I really don't like the food.  It's greasy and the spices are off.  I've never cooked Indian food, so I have no clue what the spices are.  All I know is that I don't like the curry or the Tandoori chicken they make.  The naan is a bit greasy, but okay.  I usually buy it to sop up the extra curry sauce so it's a moot point since the curry is weird tasting.quick delivery was nice however, the price was too high given the portion as well as the quality of food. not enough chicken in the chicken tikki masala and baighan was just blandish goup. garlic naan bread nothing to die for.Desi Village has some wonderfully delicious food on offer, but be prepared to wait. Our dinner stretched into what seemed like an absurd amount of time, but I just like to think that it's because they're in the back making every single thing from scratch just for us. ROFL. 
The chicken curries and biryani were delectable, as was the assortment of naan we ordered. I'd check this place out if you don't mind venturing that far past the Schuylkill.Great food, really terrible, slow service over three visits.Sooooo goooooood. Love the staff so adorable. Love the malai koftka so creamy. Love the ambiance so minimalist.The food is below subpar. Service sucks. Avoid this place. There are better indian places in university cityAwesome Indian food in Philly. Particularly good paneer options. Service is good and friendly.Yay!  I'm a fan!
Thank god I tried this place.  After my experience with Sitar I have been somewhat gunshy about trying ANY new restaurant in the area, especially since my funds are so tight.  But I brought myself to give it a shot, and wow, how nice.  :)
The pakoras seemed a little overcooked, but the paneer naan was stuffed with cheese, it was AWESOME.  I stayed on the safe side with palak paneer, but compared to what I had at the other place, I had one bite and said, out loud, "Oh, thank god."  I can find pretty good Indian food near my house!  
Definitely on the good side of acceptable - even crossing over into dang good!  And delivery came WAY before they said it would, by roughly twenty minutes.  I imagine they overshoot their estimates to account for traffic and distance and unforeseen circumstances, but a whole twenty minutes?  I'm down with that.
Thanks, Desi Village, you've got a new loyal customer.  Now if I could just find a decent Thai place...I ate here this past weekend with my partner and two friends. We ordered four entrées (vegetable biryani, baingan bharta, dahl makhani, and chicken makhani) and shared them family style. Generally, I prefer an Indian buffet because I enjoy sampling a variety of dishes, but this was a good substitute. Everything was delicious and we took some leftovers home.
We asked for medium spice and I'd say everything was about right, though the vegetable biryani was bordering on hot--definitely needed the naan with it!
The restaurant's lighting and decor are mediocre (not a first date location), but if you're there for the food and conversation you won't even notice. The waitstaff was pleasant and the service was reasonably prompt. My only complaint was that they only brought one bowl of rice for the table, which we annihilated. I'm sure we could have asked for more, but it seemed strange to do so when we were getting doggy bags.
Overall, a positive experience!Desi Village is only a few blocks away so it gets automatic points over the number of other indian places around 40th st. The food is decent, prices are average, and they're BYO. They have a good lunch special too. And i can always go for some samosas. The one complaint i have is that they put whole spices in like cardamom pods and cloves and dont chop them up or crush them or anything. I don't really enjoy biting into a big pod, or a crunch clove. Oh well. Also, they used to have tables outside, but they weren't there the last time I stopped by.I love around the corner from here and am SO excited about this place!  It doesn't look great, sure, but they're trying.  You should have seen it the week it opened! The staff is very friendly, they have great prices, and outdoor seating options! The food is not the best Indian food in the city, but it's delicious.  I'm particularly fond of the Samosa Chat appetizer, which I believe is what the gentleman before me referred to when he referred to "Indian Nachos".  Soooo good.  I also love to stop in and get a couple Mango Lassis to go.  Tasty! The only thing that has a disappointed me so far is that a few dishes have cheese in them which is not mentioned on the menu, so my vegan room mate was super bummed the first time we got take-out.  So, beware vegans! make sure you tell them "No Dairy". They're so nice I'm sure it wouldn't be a problem.This place is excellent. Really high quality fresh spices and delicious meat and the best northern Indian sauces. Ordering out through seamless is affordable and eating in you have big quantities and a festive time. They really care about their craft here.My boyfriend and I made a reservation at Desi Village after reading such great reviews. We got there and a table wasn't ready which wasn't a big deal. We waited about twenty minutes and got seated and then waited about 20 minutes more before even being asked for our order. Then, after AN HOUR AND A HALF we finally got ONE entree. I reminded the waiter that we ordered appetizers and turns out the order was not put in. We ate the appetizers and waited for our second entree. Three people total came up to our table to ask what the order was. In the meantime people who arrived after us were done with their meals and were leaving. Finally, our waiter came up to tell us that what my boyfriend's order (and what I had ordered and at this time half ate) was no longer available. We had to get up and leave (which is something we NEVER do). Two hours later and all we had were appetizers and half an entree. They were VERY good with refilling our water every 10 minutes; however, the service was so horrible I will never go back. It was hands down the worst service I've ever had in my life. Luckily, New Delhi, was right down the street so we ate there and had an awesome experience.This is more of a 3.5 star place, but they're nice, so they get a bump up.  Had dinner here with a couple of companions.  This was good because we shared dishes and tried different combinations.  The server asked what spice level we wanted.  We asked for medium spicy for all the dishes, but, interestingly, each dish achieved a different level of heat -- though they could all qualify as medium, I suppose.  
The chicken tikka was my favorite -- boneless pieces of tandoor-grilled chicken, with sauteed onions, chickpeas, and rice.  Also tasty were the lamb and pickled veggies dish, which came in a distinctive sauce and the black lentil and bean dish; both came with a side of rice.  All were flavorful and, thankfully, not greasy.  We also got the bread basket with three different types of naan, which were all yummy (ironically, my favorite was the very buttery one).  
As others have noted, the food is on the pricier side, particularly for west Philly Indian, but hopefully the extra bucks go to better ingredients (wishful thinking?).  The decor is ... functional; it shouldn't offend anyone but will also not impress anyone.  Service was slow as we waited half an eternity for our food; once we dug in, though, we were much happier.   I'd return here, but not too often.Ordered on Eat Street. Order arrived 40 minutes after delivery time. Samosas were missing. Raita was spoiled. One of the dishes had spilled out in the bag. It was a shame, because the other dishes were pretty good.Spectacular.
Went for dinner the other night, and have been back repeatedly since.
Better than Ekta, less attitude than Tiffin, and cheaper than New Delhi, I'm prepared to name this the best Indian restaurant in Philly.
Sure, it's a little low-rent, with plastic tablecloths and wobbly ceiling fans, but this is West Philly -- if having peerless atmosphere means eight dollars more per entree (looking at you, Palace at the Ben), I'll take Desi's minimalist charm any day of the week.
What the restaurant lacks in atmosphere, it more than makes up for in terms of food quality and immaculate service.  The Achari Lamb sang with the perfect sour bite of freshly-made pickle chutney, while the Boti Kababs were soft, succulent, and rich with savory spice.  The Garlic Naan was fresh, yeasty, and pillow soft.
Dishes were brought to our tables on a cart in proper metalware, and the proprietor himself served us rice and saw to our every need during the evening.  Glazed ceramic plates and silverware were clean and of good quality.
Oh, and I did I mention it's a no-corkage-fee BYOB?  Yeah, it is.
I'm not entirely sure the other reviewers went to the same restaurant that I did.  I'm going to be a devoted regular here, eating my way up and down the menu.  
A truly superior operation, and one obviously conducted with copious love and pride.  We in West Philly should count ourselves lucky to have restaurants like this.yummy yummy yum yummers! The saag lamb is one of the best indian dishes I've ever had. it's soooo garlicky and the lamb is delectably tender! it's super cheap and it's byob. What's not to love?!?!? I tried my first chaat here too. Pretty good but I guess I prefer my chutney to be on my samosa at my discretion. 
Also their green chutney is pretty delicious. I totally want to eat here again before I leave!Love this place. We eat here regularly and have never been disappointed. I don't think there is anything spectacular about the menu, its fairly standard Indian fare done very very well.This is by far my favorite restaurant in West Philly and one of the best Indian places I've tried - and I've tried a lot!  My go-to is the chicken tikka masala with garlic naan.  The sauce is incredible and the amount of chicken included seems to have increased over time.  I also love the lamb vindaloo and just recently had the aloo cholley for the first time and was very pleased.  One of their house specialties is the baingan bhartha which is an eggplant dish - it's really good but the eggplant is mashed so it didn't totally satisfy my vegetable fix!  Whenever I actually go to the restaurant to eat I order the vegetable somosas (amazing!!) and the mango lassi.  Service is pleasant and delivery is fast!Do yourself a favor and order three things on this menu. Have it delivered to your doorstep. Sit down in your comfy place and let the food take over. After about 30 minutes goes by and the rendezvous with these exotic bites are coming to an end. You're sitting there thinking about the amazing thing that just happened, a smile creeps across your face when you realize you can do it all again another day.I am familiar with the Desi Village in King of Prussia, and was very excited when the Baltimore Avenue location opened.  The food is quality, and they offer a several levels of spiciness, including "Indian hot".  Desi Village is my first choice for neighborhood take out, especially since the kitchen is open until 10pm.
I don't understand previous reviewers' complaints about portion size, unless they are comparing Desi Village to the New Delhi buffet.  This is a fallacy, as New Delhi food is just not good, and never has been.
As for concerns about plastic waste, when I order take-out, I bring back my washed take-out containers, and the kitchen uses them to fill my new order.  I appreciate this practice, as it limits the size of the plastic container collection in my kitchen.Wow! Best tasting Indian Food in University City! Love the lamb Karahi, chicken tikka masala, sarson ka saag and the delish - samosa chat.  Want to try more but keep wanting to have these.  The whole fam is addicted.Ordered the same thing I get at every Indian Restaurant since I was a child:
Veggie Samosa's & Chicken Tikka Masala
Veggie samosas were okay, they doused them in sauces before they were served so I didn't have the option of how much, little, or if any sauce I wanted to use.
Chicken Tikka Masala was perfect consistency and taste, but not very large portion!
MOST IMPORTANTLY:  I Specifically chose this restaurant because yelp said they had outdoor seating and they allowed dogs.  FALSE ON BOTH COUNTS.  However, since my dog is a registered service animal they were forced to let us eat with him in the restaurant anyway.I normally don't like to review places I've ordered from only one time, especially when I order only one entree.  However, my experience with Desi Village tonight was considerably less than stellar.
My primary gripe at the moment is that the deliveryperson who brought the food to my building was incredibly rude to the lovely people at the front desk.  I have only secondhand information, but I know that he left the food there and stormed out, blatantly disregarding the protests that the front desk could not be responsible for the food left there.  I understand that I ordered pretty close to closing time, but behavior like that is unacceptable no matter the circumstances.
The food itself was unappetizing.  I ordered Paneer Makhani, which I normally love.  Unfortunately, it looked absolutely disgusting, and when I tasted it, it was very bland.  The few flavors I could make out were unpleasant.
Why two stars instead of one?  The naan was absolutely delicious.This food tastes like mediocre leftovers warmed up in the microwave. The service is very poor. They don't ask you during the meal nor after whether the food was good or not. The rice was dry and the chicken was hard as if it had been warmed up multiple times. I would not recommend this place unless you are absolutely desperate for Indian food. Skip it and go to mood café for a chicken Chaat instead.Stopped in for a quick cheap dinner. Started with samosa chaat which was deep fried vegetarian samosa smashed and covered with chickpeas, chutneys, and yogurt sort of like the Indian version of nachos. It was awesome.
I ordered saag paneer and split an order of whole wheat onion naan, the ingredients were fresh, spicy, and super filling.
Waitstaff was polite and kept our water glasses full which was nice. 
I don't know if this place is authentic since I am a polish-italian from Port Richmond, I do know it was really delicious.I ordered from Desi Village recently via Grub Hub. The food far exceeded my expectations. I got the samosa chaat and chicken ginger-garlic kababs. The chaat was just what I hoped and delicious, and was enough to last me for 2 meals. The kababs on rice were incredible. Very flavorful and left me feeling satiated but not overly full. I plan on ordering from Desi Village often! (Plus, delivery was very fast via GrubHub and there's no delivery fee.)For awhile, my husband and I were frequenting Desi Village every Friday night. Bringing a six pack and sitting outside on Balti Ave, we would enjoy the Achari Lamb and the Palak Paneer.  I also am a fan of the samosa chat, which is tart and crispy, a smashed delight. The variety of naan is quite good as well. Fun!  My husband and I  do like our food spicy. Very spicy. We express this to the servers every time and often when the food arrives, it hits the mark.  Other times, the food is not quite spicy enough, but still good. 
I know some other people who have reviewed the restaurant commented on the off-color decor. I happen to like it. I think the mismatched chairs and the lop-sided art brings a charm to the place that puts me at ease. I would call it "homey." I also think the place is legions above New Delhi. I find New Delhi's food a bit greasy and overpriced and their decor a bit affected.
One Complaint: it is too small. When I went last night, there were people crammed up against the wall waiting to be seated and I felt like I was being rushed out of the restaurant towards the end of my meal.  
I should say though that I took a group of 12 friends there for my birthday in June. It was a Wednesday evening so the restaurant, though small, was able to accommodate all of us.  They had the tables set up when we arrived and the food came, quick, hot, and delicious.We ate here for lunch on Saturday. What a treat!
Both of the dishes we ordered were delicious, and the portions were fair. We both left full but without much to take home (other than a lot of rice). The prices are about what I would expect for a sitdown restaurant in this area. The service was fast, friendly, and attentive.
As the other reviews mentioned, the atmosphere leaves a little to be desired. This is a no-frills restaurant where the food is the primary focus. I wish they offered lunch buffets here!
We will definitely be returning here in the near future.Everything I've had here has been great - Aloo Gobi, Saag Lamb, Chicken Tika Masala. Haven't been let down yet! I usually get take out but the interior is nice and cozy.The chicken vindaloo, which I order from another place often, had 2 cubes of chicken and the rest was potatoes. The veg meals and bread were good.I LOVE Indian food (though often forget to ask for the ghee to be left out). Desi Village is a delightful addition to Baltimore Ave - I find that I'm just not often in the mood to walk the 7 blocks closer to the University to go to the t three buffets up there. As a vegetarian, I was unusually excited about the menu and had a hard time deciding. I had a delicious been and lentil dish, some lovely garlic nan that I split with my man, and took home leftovers. 
While the atmosphere may be not be fancy, it is clean and BYOB - certainly a bonus. And the staff was incredibly friendly and ready to please. But really, to echo everyone, I CAN NOT keep eating on styrofoam. It's unpleasant and makes me feel guilty - not good feeling to have when eating out. I hope that their industrial dishwasher is on it's way, so that I can make this a regular spot (and give it another star).If you ate at any Indian restaurant in West Philadelphia, you've eaten at them all. They all share the same themes--lukewarm curries and masalas prepared by cooks heavy-handed with the cream, butter/ghee, and oil, sagging naan, and deeply fried meat and vegetarian dishes. All served with heaps of undercooked rice and slowly served/delivered. Desi Village is no different.I'm not sure when Desi Village exploded onto the Baltimore Ave. dining scene, but I'm glad it did. I'm not a real connoisseur of Indian food. I enjoy it, but I'm never too clear on what it is that I'm eating. It seems like most Indian places in this area go with the buffet format, which is a fine way to fill up, but sometimes I crave something a little more than unidentifiable Indian cooling in a steam tray. Desi Village brings a cooked to order option to the table; they even ask for a desired spice level upon ordering. I went with my standard bearer of Indian: chicken tikki masala and a side of naan. Yawn, I know, but just as chicken and broccoli with an eggroll is to (American) Chinese, I must use this dish as a yardstick to evaluate an Indian restaurant on level ground. This was the best chicken tikki masala I've had in a long time. Heavy sauce, filled with peppers and onions and lots of meat-- it was a pleasure. I'll also note that the naan was delicious; a lot of places in West Philly seem to have rubbery naan, which is just unacceptable. I haven't canvased the city for Indian with enough thoroughness to tell you if it's worth a trip to West Philly, but if you're in the area, you should definitely check it out!Probably the best Indian food in West Philly / University City.  For years I was used to New Delhi, a few blocks away, which is still good, especially for buffet, but this place easily has it beat.  The food here is much less greasy than some other places, but it still tastes fantastic.  They also do take out, which is wonderful, or you can eat in.  All in all, a fantastic place, highly recommended.This place was full of women draped in blinged-out technicolor saris, a reasonable marker of authenticity at an Indian restaurant. 
Desi Village serves up the best Indian food in West Philly. Beats Tandoor and New Delhi by a league (British colonization = imperial units), and is perhaps slightly better than Sitar. Ambiance isn't the classiest and service can be a little slow at times, but the food is worth it. It's worth noting that the portions can be a bit on the small side for the price, especially the meat dishes. 
Makhani chicken and palak paneer with basmati rice and naan. That's all you need to order for a delicious meal.I have had two experiences with Desi Village. The first was 2 years ago, so I won't write a review for that. What I will say is that it was a poor enough experience that it took my husband and I this long to give it a second chance. 
Last night we were craving Indian, and I recently saw the GrubHub sign outside Desi Village's storefront. So we said, "oh heck, why not?" Our first experience had everything to do with poor service, and we didn't remember the food being bad. 
Delivery came quickly. That was nice. We sat outside in our yard by candlelight and began to eat. I got a chicken tikka curry, and my husband ordered eggplant. He loved his dish and practically licked the bowl. He enjoyed the naan and his giant veggie samosas. His only complaint after was that he felt like he ate way too much starch, and it was catching up with him.
My chicken curry was 2.5 stars. The sauce was lovely, but the chicken was tough, as though it had been microwaved too long and added to the curry. I also had Mulligatawny soup, which was 90% salty broth with some bits of spinach floating in it. Kind of non-descript, but edible. I added a side of mango chutney, because I am a mango addict. The chutney was very gelatinous, and strangely just as salty as it was sweet. So I only used a bit of that. We got a free mango lassi because our order totaled a certain amount. The lassi was heavy on yogurt and milk, light on mango.
Now, let me say this--I have some food sensitivities that typically don't apply when eating Indian. They're usually a problem with asian cuisines. I get extreme bloating immediately after consuming anything with MSG in it, followed by worse problems. I also avoid gluten, because it irritates my system on a milder level. I can usually get away with a bite or two of bread, or a sip of beer, and I'm unaffected. On this occasion I had a sip of my husband's beer earlier, and I had a little bite of naan, Naan is the hardest of all breads to abstain from. Gluten-free peeps, I am sure you can relate.
But what happened to my body 20 minutes into my meal was equal to the gluten attack that first made me give it up, which involved half a Dock Street pizza and growler of IPA. Plus, I had all the symptoms of an MSG attack. I stood up after eating and I had to sit back down. It felt like I had swallowed a hard plastic ball full of air. My skin hurt from my stomach expanding so quickly. It was bad. I'll spare you the details.
I have no way to prove that Desi Village uses MSG, but no other ingredient has ever caused this kind of instant reaction. If you are sensitive to gluten or MSG, or have IBS, I suggest that you avoid this establishment. There's a place on 40th and Chestnut that clearly labels all their GF entrees in their extensive buffet. A much safer option. You'll be fine, just watch your portions.
The funny thing is, I accidentally ordered from that place on Chestnut first. I had to call the restaurant and GH to cancel the order so I could get what I wanted from Desi, which had a much shorter wait time. This was probably an omen I should have heeded. I am so sorry, irritable bowels.If you're looking for Indo-Pak in Philly, I'd recommend making it yourself. This place is just okay. Not many options for folks with food allergies--almost everything has dairy in it, including the rice! Portions are small for what they cost and the food falls short of being spectacular. These folks also operate street-food style joint 3 blocks up called Desi Chaat House that's a better bet.I am a lucky man. 
I was getting my haircut at Tony's Barbershop last Tuesday and saw that next door an Indian place was opening up. I was excited because although West is an ethnic foods mecca, I am a lazy slog. Walking 10+ blocks for Paneer is ok, but I'd rather walk less. Desi Village is pretty close to home.
I was there opening day for lunch with Aardvark, we were the third customers, alas, our dollar bill won't be framed on the wall. It's  a BYOB with an extensive menu, some of which I haven't noticed in other Indo-Pak restaurants. The decor is very accessible, very Baltimore Ave, the employees seem very nice, and all in all it is everything it should be atmospherically.
What we had was Delhiish! (I dedicate that "pun" to Vark.) She had Palak Paneer, and I had the Vegetables Jalfrezi. We shared a bread basket with three great Indian breads and some mango chutney, and of course mango lassi's to drink. We ordered it mild as she's not so adventurous, and I had a bit of a soft stomach that day. We were both starving.
We ate as much as we could and had plenty for left-overs (which I just finished as I write this). Everything was great, the lassi's were amazing, the entrees lovely, and the bread basket was yummy-although a bit too much for only two people to finish. All at a fair price. 
I think my companion said, "Fraggleriffic!"
The only downside which I could perceive was a proliferation of plasticware and Styrofoam, which likely won't be well received by the general population of the Westerlands.
I digestively sauntered the short walk home, and luckily had time for a brief recuperative nap.Tried the tandoori chicken a few nights ago.  The chicken was excellent... the rice was excellent... the homemade naan excellent.  Only thing was that we were missing some of their delicious curry sauce to dip our naan bread in.  
The dish came with a whole bunch of onions, some cooked more than others, and a pile of chickpeas in a garlicky kind of curry sauce.  Next time we'll order a sauce-based dish but I can't fault the chicken - it had a wonderful smoky, but succulent texture and was on the bone.
Service was good as always - waitstaff are attentive but not intrusive, very friendly and well informed about their menu.
Another great experience.  
My only complaint is that my clothes carry the lingering smell of curry long after I leave the restaurant.  Maybe next time I'll order delivery.  Based on Elisha's review, I think I'll try the samosas next time.  Looking forward to it...I love this place.  For what it is, you can't fault it - delicious Indian food for cheap (it's BYOB too).  The staff are sometimes more competent than others,  but they're always friendly.  Definitely a West Philly favorite of mine :)Went here for the first time after moving into the neighborhood a couple months ago.  I was hoping the food would be good enough for it to become a regular place for us, and it did not disappoint! 
I had the Chickpeas and Potatoes vegetarian meal, ordered as hot as they'd make it.  It was a spicy, but not too much, and the spiciness did not overtake the dish's other flavors.
My dining partner liked his Makhani Chicken, finding the chicken tender.  
Both meals came with rice, which they offered to give us more of during the meal (always appreciated with communal rice).
The Village naan was different and very good-- spicy on top.  
Definitely planning to go back!
Also-- the reviewers who mentioned peeling paint-- I did not see any! Maybe they've repainted?I think the food at Desi is a definite step up from other options on this side of the river. Not spectacular, but certainly good enough that I go back there when I'm in the mood for Indian. I've never noticed an issue with greasy food, but my selections are always limited to the veg. section.
No, it's not an aesthetically charming setup, but that only matters to some.I love Desi Village - haven't had a bad experience here. The naan is fresh and hot, and between my boyfriend and I we've tried several different entrees with no disappointments. Take-out orders are promptly ready, and our in-house service has always been good. This is currently one of only a few go-to Indian restaurants for me in this area.I wish there was an option for no star. Decided to try it out during University City dining days. It's the shabbiest, dingiest restaurant I've ever seen that was still open for business. The place is just plain dirty and grungy looking. From the front door that used to be white to the caked on dirty, dirty carpet. The walls are just disgusting and need a good bleaching. I was afraid to eat there & was surprised that the place was moderately full. If the dining area looked like that I can only imagine what the kitchen looks like. Btw the website showcases pics of somebody else's massive gorgeous clay oven. Such deceptive advertising. The place was just plain disgusting and dirty. Stay away. Don't even waste your time. So many beautiful clean aesthetically pleasing restaurant choices in the area. Someone please call the Dept of Health--it really was that nasty.I love this place. The wait staff is awkward and overly helpful. No ambiance but delicious unpretentious food. I love the chicken makhani! Flovorful, tender, juicy.  The bread basket of assorted naan is priceless! , you must try the samosa chat (tart, spicy, with fresh cilantro), I go often !August 14,2015 . My daughter and I enjoyed a different cuisine. Never had Indian cuisine. Veggie platter. Very good.Unfortunately, Philadelphia has some of the worst Indian food of any major city I've visited. This is one of the better places, and it sure beats everything else near Penn (New Delhi, Tandoor, and Sitar simply suck).
When I went, the waitress was loopy but nice. As with most Indian places, you can't be sure how fresh the curries are, but if it doesn't make you sick it's worth going back if you live in West Philly.As far as Indian places in the West Philly/Cedar Park area, it's pretty solid.
I had the chicken vindaloo and an order of samosas. I asked for spicy and got a pretty good spice level, yay! It lasted me for three small meals (although the rice only lasted me for two). I got it for takeout and was ready exactly at the time I was told it would be ready.I got the chat papri. They say it takes 30-60 minutes to arrive however by the time my food got there the crunchy part of the chat got soggy, making the whole dish a TERRIBLE experience. Although the other parts were good, had the food come earlier I believe the food would have been significantly better.OVER-PRICED!
My biggest complaint was that I spent around $30 for a few very small portions of food.  If the food was amazing, I would not have minded the small portions, but it was adequate at best.  Additionally, I ordered naan, thinking I'd get a few pieces at least... I only got one.Average indian food. A little oversalted sometimes but quick delivery and affordable prices round out the place.Got takeout and here's my summary: Garlic naan good but definitely under salted, like I literally had go get my salt shaker and add salt. Chicken Tikka Masala was fine, a little stingy. Mutter Paneer I swear to god was 7 little pieces of paneer with about 12 peas, for ELEVEN DOLLARS. This is my vegetable for the night, 12 peas? Mulligatawny soup was not a full appetizer serving. Tandoori Chicken was the only thing we ordered that was both cooked right and served at a remotely adequate serving size. Because guess what, Raita was so rotten it was fermenting and foaming. Please see pictures. Guess this is why the restaurant only had one table seated.Best Indian Food in Philly.  Tiffin may be more familiar, but this place is awesome.Desi Village has been on my list to try for a long time (because I had heard through the grapevine that the sister restaurant was Desi Chaat House , Baltimore Ave & 42nd St)  and when my friend asked if I wanted to have lunch with her - I said sure - I was in Clark Park for the Saturday Farmer's Market. 
I found nothing wrong with the decor or service...
We both ordered identical dishes - the Vegetarian  lunch platter for $6.95.  (Non-Vegetarian lunch platter is $7.95)What a deal it is, although the sign outside had a few other items listed that we did not receive (Chana Masala) we both enjoyed our dishes and thought it was tasty, quality indian food. It consisted of Dal Chana, Vegetarian Samosa, Saag with potato, Naan, Basmati rice and Lahori Kheer. 
Very filling and a good deal for lunch. We will be returning....I visited the Desi Village once and wasn't blown away.  I felt that prices were a bit higher and portions a bit smaller than the other Indian places in the area.  The dining area was cute but quite small.  I split a few dishes with some friends and everything I tried was tasty, especially the vegetable samosas.  Despite that, I think that in the future I'd rather save the money and go to one of the other Indian places in the University City area.Desi Village seems to go in a swing of good then bad based on time of year and whose cooking. Unfortunately we ate last night and was back to being beyond 'meh'. The chicken tikka masala was limited in actual chicken or veggies (2 chunks of peppers versus the normal veggie heavy dish), the sauce was way too sweet without much flavor and the chicken was over cooked so badly it was hard to chew. The samosas got thrown away after one bite and luckily they didn't screw up the naan or rice. Disappointed as I would love to love this neighborhood spot but unfortunately won't be coming back.Very tasty food but their delivery radius on allmenus.com is incorrect--they don't deliver within 3 miles, just to 22nd in Center City, which is unfortunate.Desi Village has an unassuming storefront along Baltimore Avenue, which hides the the best Indian food I've had in Philly. 
Super friendly service, slightly strange but lovingly done decor. 
Try their Samosa Chaat to start. It was all kinds of textures and delicious tastes: warm chickpeas and fried dough, and cold chutneys and fresh spices on top.I've never eaten in here, just gotten take-out and delivery, but I am definitely a fan.
The food is great. The samosas are perfectly crisp without being overly greasy. The chaat is amazing (so much better than what I've had at some other local Indian eateries). Even more poor sheltered mother and aunt, who have pretty much never eaten anything more exotic than General Tso's, fell for their chicken dishes. When I get delivery it always arrives so fast that it's still piping hot and the papri is nice and crisp. Lovely. I've seen a few complaints about the portion sizes, but if you're like me and tend to order more snacks and appetizers Desi Village's choices will fill you up and then some.
What really won me over, though, was the service. The first time I ordered here I opted for take-out (getting delivery four blocks away on a sunny afternoon just seemed silly). I got there a little before the food was ready and was not only offered a place to sit, but a glass of water and constant updates on how long it would be (only two minutes!). A lot of places just tell you a couple minutes and leave you to stand in a corner, so to be treated so well for a small pick-up order made a huge difference in my mind.I've only eaten here once and was very disappointed. The entrees were too greasy and oily (layer of oil at the top of each). They were also lacking in flavor. I don't think I'll be going back.HORRIFIC!  Slapshot decor - I dined on a card table with mismatched chairs - and no this was not charming at all.  The restaurant is filthy!  Food was greasy, and the owner sat at one of the tables like the King of Siam ordering his staff around.  If anyone wants really good Indian food, I strongly suggest Tiffin.Spectacular.
Went for dinner the other night, and have been back repeatedly since.
Better than Ekta, less attitude than Tiffin, and cheaper than New Delhi, I'm prepared to name this the best Indian restaurant in Philly.
Sure, it's a little low-rent, with plastic tablecloths and wobbly ceiling fans, but this is West Philly -- if having peerless atmosphere means eight dollars more per entree (looking at you, Palace at the Ben), I'll take Desi's minimalist charm any day of the week.
What the restaurant lacks in atmosphere, it more than makes up for in terms of food quality and immaculate service.  The Achari Lamb sang with the perfect sour bite of freshly-made pickle chutney, while the Boti Kababs were soft, succulent, and rich with savory spice.  The Garlic Naan was fresh, yeasty, and pillow soft.
Dishes were brought to our tables on a cart in proper metalware, and the proprietor himself served us rice and saw to our every need during the evening.  Glazed ceramic plates and silverware were clean and of good quality.
Oh, and I did I mention it's a no-corkage-fee BYOB?  Yeah, it is.
I'm not entirely sure the other reviewers went to the same restaurant that I did.  I'm going to be a devoted regular here, eating my way up and down the menu.  
A truly superior operation, and one obviously conducted with copious love and pride.  We in West Philly should count ourselves lucky to have restaurants like this.I ordered out from Desi Village last week.  I had no interest in actually eating in the restaurant.  Taking all aspets of decor, service, etc... out of the picture, this place is still underwhelming.
The food is mediocre at best.  I won't be going back.Just got a report last night that Desi has ordered plates and silverwear. And the owners remain just as friendly and thankful for your business. Yeah!We've eaten here again, and they served with proper ceramic and metalware, which felt like a big improvement over the disposable plasticware the food was served with our first visit. I'd bump it up to 4.5 for this improvement. The food was just as good, and we had a dessert called, "Village Ice Cream", which was fabulous.  Also it got a little busy, which was really good to see them doing well.I haven't had a bad experience at Desi Village since I moved to West Philly, but today my opinion of the place has changed. I called over the phone to order chicken Masala, veggie samosa and chicken curry. I decided after I placed my order I did not want the veggie samosa anymore and I  asked the lady  to repeat my order because it prolly was confusing with me being indecisive on what I wanted. So when I came to pick up my food the person who took my order handed me over something completed different from what I ordered over the phone. I was very disappointed because I asked her to repeat my order and still she got it wrong. The cashier said she would place the order again, but I did not have the time to wait for the cook to cook. I prolly will not go back to Desi Village and will get Indian from another place in West Philly.Their delivery person left my food outside without ringing my house's doorbell. Who does that? My phone was on silent so I didn't notice his text when he first arrived. He sent a text saying he was leaving my food on my front porch less than 5 minutes after he texted me to say he arrived. Such a mess. 
The food itself was ok, nothing special. If you still want to order here don't include your tip in advance otherwise your food may get left in a corner somewhere.I find the food at Desi Village to be delectable! I mean, we're not in the Valley, so your expectations can only be so high but....
The lunch special is awesome! a lot of little tiny pots of fun food. I might even venture it say it's a better option than your typical indian buffet, because you don't leave wanting to die. 
The service is sort of hilariously bad, but i think that's part of the charm. I really like their tap water, if it's cold that day.
I went here twice with a guy I dated. And they say that once you go to the same restaurant twice, it's either the birth of a beautiful relationship or its death knell.
Unfortunately it was the death knell, so I may never go here again, by no fault of the restaurant owners.
I'll never share my favorite restaurant with a man ever again.Went here last night with two others; the decor is a bit kitchy (which is expected in some way), but the food was quite good and the service was too. 
Best thing to note is that it's BYOB; we had a bottle of pinot grigio to go with the food.  The server didn't bat an eye at opening our wine for us.  
To start we had samosas (they pour tamarind and the mint-cilantro chutney over it; not too much but never had it prepared this way before) and village naan (chilis, garlic, onion on top).  For dinner the three of us shared chicken vindaloo, dal makhani, and aloo choley; rice was served with the meal.  
After we ordered the server asked us how spicy we liked the food which i thought was considerate.  nothing irritates me more than getting something so spicy its unpalatable, or something so mild i know it's been doctored with yogurt.
This was a great find in West Philly; it's away from the UPenn crowd for the most part so it's a little less relaxed.  Have only been here once for dinner but will definitely go back.Food Tested:  Chicken tikka masala, garlic ginger chicken kabab, naan, lacha paratha.
Positive:  Interesting relics and decor.
Negative:  Food is mediocre and the portions are small for the price.
Overall:  Average tasting indian/pakistani cuisine, good for those that are not accustomed to this type of food.
Revisit:  No
Health tip:  Stick to the BBQ dishes as they are grilled.Desi Village used to be my go to Indian spot in the neighborhood. I ordered take out from them a few nights ago and something has seriously changed, beyond the packaging.
My samosas tasted salty and fishy, and seemed to be made with some new ingredients. I asked for my dish (shrimp) to be mild and it was too spicy to eat.
the naan and rice pudding were good thoughCame here again with a friend and it just tasted soooo good, so delectable  I felt I had to write an update and give them 5 stars. I wish i had my camera as we sat in the window seat. Both ordered vegetarian combo. Love the taste and the fact I live a block away. will be returning very soon....