I was sort of shocked that I hadn't reviewed Desi Chaat House YET. OOPS.  The food here is delicious - I'm a pretty huge fan.  It's really just a snacks venue - so don't go there looking for a full blown Indian dinner. B/c you won't get it. Chaat is a snack like food - though if you get it with all  the fixings, you might find that you get really full.  I've definitely eaten here and been full from it.  The Samosa, Samosa Chaat, and aloo tiki chaat are always great.  I'm a big fan of the juice and drink selection here too. I'm sure I'll eat my way through more of the menu, but for now - I am impressed!Samosa chaat was pretty okay. This is my first chaat, and i probably wont order a chaat again. The food was really heavy, and there were cold sauces meshed together with warm chickpeas and samosa. The blend of warm/cold food was just not great. I want a fully warm meal or a fully cold meal but not two different-temperature foods. But also, the food was nothing impressive. 
I don't think I'm a chaat person.Good chaat, but the menu selection is limited beyond that.Just stopped in and was asking the man behind the counter about the vegetarian options when he cleared his throat and spit on the floor right in front of me. Seriously? Whatever appetite I had is now gone. Gross.This place serves samosas chat which is pathetic and lacks taste And is tasteless and other items are cold and never served hot.Service is very bad and prices very high compared to qualityI've eaten from here twice in the past year. Though the convenience can't be beat (I'm
walking distance) and the prices are quite modest, I'm sad to say that the food just isn't that savory or impressive. Many standard Indian dishes that I would normally indulge in aren't available here. For that reason I just order in from the place that's further away.I have never had chaat before, so I really have so basis for comparison, so take this review knowing that.  I have to say, though, that whatever it was that I ate was kind of bland and spicy if that makes sense.  I mean, it was spicy in the heat sense, but bland in the spice sense.  I would be willing to try something else some other time.  At least there are vegan options.It's just so good. The sauce on the chicken biryani is the perfect blend of creamy, with a hint of sweet. It cools down the spice and makes for an absolute perfect bite. I'm so glad I stumbled in and I plan to go back often.I'm pretty adventurous when it comes to food and really, genuinely tried to not be disgusted by what I was putting in my mouth but it was pretty gross. I have a feeling American people are only giving this such good ratings to prove their adventurous palette but it just wasn't good. It was horribly sweet and the mixture of a cold sweet sauce and a lukewarm spicy sauce did not taste right no matter how much I tried to convince myself. Besides the chaat, the vegetable samosas were good. I will be making my way to a different Indian spot though for those.Out of nowhere, I woke up one morning to find a bright orange awning with a chili pepper and "Desi Chaat House" staring at me across the street. 
I went in and asked when they opened - the man standing at the door responded with a friendly smile that they will be opening the very next day at 11AM.
As suddenly as this awning appeared, this place opened - Tuesday, October 13, 2009 to be exact. 
Their hours are daily, from 11AM to 11PM. They accept credit cards.
I had no idea what chaat tasted like - (ok, I really had no idea what it was) and so, after work I stopped in for a mango lassi. It was as bright as the wonderful awning outside. Personally, it was a little too sweet for my taste, however, otherwise, satisfying.
I told the same friendly man I had no idea what it was.... He responded by saying that it is a mixture of sweet/savory/tangy/spicy - just different mixtures of complementary flavors together. He offered me a free sample of the fruit chaat, which I just couldn't pass up. It was pretty good - the fruit seemed pretty fresh and it definitely had a spicy flavor to it. Of course, when I said I liked spicy they judged me and made it as mild as an ice cream cone, but a free sample is a free sample and that I can't complain about.
Overall, try this place if you're around and hungry - I need to try the other Chaats to see whether I will continue going here. Their choices seem a little limited, but I'm assuming and hoping that it's because they just opened.Food was definitely affordable. It's a cute, small little place you can't miss (on the corner). Parking is on the side. You can tell food was made fresh daily but heated up by microwave. Dessert was in the refrigerator but was extremely delicious! Lots of things to do in the area (close to- u sciences and many many other food places)LOVE Desi Chaat house!!! My favorite is by far the Delhi Chaat
Positives:
a) the owners/employees are extremely friendly and helpful, Im sure they expect people to be slightly confused by what is going on on the menu so don't be afraid to ask them a million questions if you need to because you can see how excited they get to answer anything and everything about their restaurant
b) the food is AWESOME
c) the drinks are AWESOME and super creative
d) You can have an entire meal and a drink for less than $6 (win!)
e) lots of parking
f) You can probably eat there every single day for 2-3 weeks and eat something different and delicious each time
Negatives:
a)Be sure to research their menu before you go because they simply have a board with names of the various chaats (descriptions are not provided on this board.) The owners and employees will be more than happy to provide you with a verbal description of each dish but if you're like me, you wont be able to remember the difference between any of the chaats by the time he's at the bottom of the list.   (http://www.desichaathouse.com/DesiChaatHouse_Menu_Updated020510.pdf )
b) There's hardly any seating so if you go at a busy time, prepare to stand or get it to go
c) some of the dishes are SUPER SPICY! so if you cant handle it, make sure you specify before the food is made
Even if you've never eaten Indian food before, I recommend trying the tangy, crispy, chaat offerred at Desi Chaat House and it's something you'll definitely keep coming back for:)While looks at first may appear deceiving, this hidden jewel of South Asia brings back amazing memories of summers spent in India. The food at Desi Chaat House rekindles fond memories of walking down a crowded street in Bombay looking for that special afternoon snack to share with friends and family. My culinary experiences, though limited by funds as a student at Penn, have never embarked on a greater journey. By combining the freshest of ingredients  with wholesome hospitality, the hosts at desi chaat house manage to provide you with old world charm at very affordable prices. I see this restaurant taking off and would highly encourage the university city community to enjoy the delectable offerings this well kept secret (hopefully no more) has to offer!When I was a kid I used to love throwing together a whole buncha different types of cereal: Grapenuts, Froot Loops, Captain Crunch, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Honey Comb, Cocoa Puffs etc... I would mix these up in a giant bowl and eat it...dry.
As I grew up, I acquired a taste for spice and mixed diced vegetables and plain yogurt. (...adulthood does strange things to tastebuds, no?) 
Desi Chaat House did me a huge favor last night. They made all of my wild childhood fantasies about mixed cereals come true. The Punjabi Chaat was a mix of different types of Indian crunchies - think more like Corn Flakes than Frosted Flakes; fried tortilla chips instead of cinnamon twists - topped with perfectly cubed, chopped crunchy vegetables and seasoned with creamy Indian yogurt, cilantro and some sort of Indian hot sauce. 
Oh...and the Pani Puri is a fun flavor bomb of delicious things. It's a crispy pillow pocket that you load up with some sort of spicy vegetable mixture, douse in spice water, and throw into your mouth (or, if you're feeling gutsy, your date's mouth), crunch down on and let EXPLODE. It's messy. You'll probably drip. But it's worth it. Promise.Delicious food and great service!!  we drove all the way from Delaware and it was well worth it.  The peer was there and was very nice and accommodating.  I can't wait to bring my parents here when they come to visit.  We love this place and the food and can't wait to come back!!This is probably my favorite take out/eat in place in West Philly. I am familiar with Indian food, but not Pakistani chaat. It's delicious. I am an omnivore, so basically I pick a menu item that I know nothing about. Every dish has been great. And maybe in a year's time, I can actually tell you what I have been eating.
Random anecdote: They always guess that I want medium spicy. They clearly know I'm a newb, but I burned out my taste buds years ago. No, I want it as spicy as possible. I think "spicy" isn't melt your eyeballs hot, but don't take my word for it.just like everyone else, i enjoyed the friendly service at the desi chaat house.  i peppered the guy behind the counter with many questions about the menu, and he politely answered them all.
got the samosa chaat - quite tasty and filling, worth the $6 i think.  i asked for spicy and it wasnt very spicy, but a good amount of spicy.  i could probably handle more.  i have a vegetarian friend who gets this all the time.
as i ate, a sikh cabdriver came in and got the chicken biryani.  always a good sign when the indian cabdrivers eat at your indian joint.  he said it was tasty, and it did look that way.
one caveat - stay away from the rolls.  they have a vegetable roll, and i think a lamb roll and a chicken roll.  whatever is in the roll, dont eat it.  the vegetable roll was a few vegetable pakoras with some onions and other stuffs  - and ketchup i think.  it is not tasty, not at all.Really bad service, the cashier was ignoring us for a good ten minutes before finally asking us what we wanted. The prices were good so thats why it's a 3/5, but I don't think I'd go back. Probably more convenient for local students anyways. And ordered the papri chaatWorst place to have chat.
Especially a Desi wouldn't love eating chat here, most of chat items are served cold here.Highly disappointed with the chat items.Desi Chaat House is an amazing spot on 42nd and Baltimore.  The food is really great.  I always get the Samosa Chaat Spicy, and its always tasty, tangy, and spicy -- better than I imagine it.  I know that the Rolls and the other Chaat selections are also equally tasty.  Its hard for me to walk by on the way to Penn or back without grabbing something on the way.
The service is also amazing.  I've had a number of conversations with the owners and they are extremely friendly, talkative, and open.  The atmosphere is as good if not better than the already tasty food choices.  Whenever I pass by, even if I can't stop in, they're ready with a few words of greeting.  
Over the summer, as an added bonus, is outside seating and music.The place isn't much to look at but I was really impressed by the food. The guy working there was really friendly too. I had the samosa chaat. It was two samosa's covered in chickpeas, a variety of sauces, red onions and yogurt. There also a bunch of crispy bits not too unlike corn flakes (better than it sounds) that you find in a lot of indian snacks. Made for a fun variety of textures and flavors. Pretty good for $5. Will definelty become one of my new baltimore ave cheap snacks to go along with bike shop bagels, tofu hoagies and sesame tofu. Looking forward to trying some of the other offering. Plus the guy working there says they are open till 10.My boyfriend has said so many good things about this place and I finally got a chance to check it out this past weekend with him. As someone who had no idea what "chaat" is, the large selection of chaat was overwhelming to me, especially when I cannot picture what each would look like. So I decided to play it safe and went with chicken biryani. My boyfriend got their special chaat of the day. We both got a veggie samosa and I got a mango lassi. I loved the lassi. It's so delicious and creamy. They give you bunch of sauces with the samosa. I liked the chickpea sauce. I enjoyed the chicken biryani, especially the mint yogurt sauce it comes with on the side. After trying out the chaat, I felt it's more like a snack then a meal but they give you a large amount of it. 
I would definitely go back there to try out other chaats they have on the menu. You get good quality of food with a very reasonable price.Very good, no-nonsense place for chaat and samosas. The Bombay chaat and samosa chaat are as they should be. It's good to know that you don't have to go to Edison or Jackson Heights for good desi street food.
One gripe is that the chaat doesn't have sev in it (the tiny little crunchy things made of chickpea flour), but most of the clientele here wouldn't be able to tell the difference. This ain't Jackson Heights, but it will do.I love chaat, and was just remarking the other day that is someone needed to open up a chaat house in this neighborhood.
Chaat is delicious. It is Indian snack food, for those who aren't familiar (and by the other posting, I am guessing that some aren't). I am no expert, but I have eaten it lots, so I will try to help. It can be assorted things underneath (samosas, fried things, crunchies) a mixture of potatoes, onions, chickpeas, and delicious sauces. My favorite is Pani Puri, which they sell. This is a really fun snack. It comes in three parts - the shells, the spicy water, and the filling (potatoes, onions, chickpeas, etc). You poke a little hole in the shell, fill it up with the filling, and then fill it up with the spicy water. Then, put the WHOLE thing in your mouth, if you can. An explosion of juicy flavors occurs and then you are happy. It's a little messy, but could be great for sitting in the grass in Clark Park once the weather is nice.
It's the same owners as the other Indian restaurant further down Baltimore. The man that works there is super nice. He will answer any questions if you are confused about what anything is. 
I am giving this a 5 star rating because it was fresh, tasty, the man was super friendly, and someone read my mind. Also, I want them to do well because I need them need to stick around, because there isn't anywhere else like this around. Please go every day. Stop by for a snack. Snacking is essential.My last two trips to Philly. I have stopped here. The place is well kept, albeit small. This is more of a grab and go place, there's only a  limited number of seats and a few seats outside.
We got the pani puri and a regular samosa and a chicken samosa chaat. The chicken samosa chaat was interesting, maybe because i haven't had a chicken samosa like that before. The flavors were all there, and the regular one was just great. We got medium spice level and it seemed more on the milder side.
The pani puri was a little sweeter than we imagined. One of our friends craved it so we went and got it, but it could have been better.
Nonetheless, I have enjoyed both visits to here and would love to stop by again the next time I come to Philly.I'm a big fan of Chaat and this place knocks it out of the park. Cheap, filling, and delicious. The Papri Chaat is my go-to order, if you've never tried Chaat, then start here. The other Chaats are great as well. I thought the samosas were only OK, hence the 4 stars.If you don't know what chaat is, you would probably be very confused and maybe not impressed, but as far as Indian street food goes, or even fast-Indian casual, this place is wonderful. Very affordable, very flavorful, very unique. Mango lassi is delicious and the Kulfi Faluda ice cream will blow your mind.I love pani puri, it's a good price, I wish they delivery and have em more often, they were fast, it's clean and the people is nice there, it was perfectly spiced so I didn't die by heartburn and well I do recommend it, I love Indian food and it's a really reasonable nice place to have some of the more known rThis is the real deal.  This is the most affordable Indian food in the area and it sacrifices nothing.  Id driven by this place about 100 times before actually going to eat here often wondering who goes there and how it remains open.  Well... I got my answer today, it serves awesome affordable Indian food.  
Not really all too familiar with Indian food I barely know the basics.  I've haven't really eaten at that many Indian places, maybe two all together but have had a lot of my former coworkers make home cooked Indian.  For this new venture I checked grub hub and went with a popular choice chicken chaat.  Not being familiar chaat I found it is defined as an Indian snack.  This choice was served in a black plastic to go container, with red chicken cubes on top.  There was also diced red onion on there, underneath was cubed potatoes and I believe the tri colored samosa sauce.  Also seemed to be cranberries in the mix and possible a sour cream as well as some radishes and mint/cilantro.  Finally I requested this spicy...and it was.  Not your ordinary Mexican American spicy but REAL spice.  Too hot for most and this coming from a guy who would brush his teeth with wasabi.Papri Chaat all day.  I drop $6 for a completely filling lunch, the textures are awesome, and it tastes delicious!  Go here.Went here for dinner. Didn't know what to expect. I got the chicken chaat and my friend got the regular chaat papri. Both were pretty good. Nothing mind blowing by any means. You do get a ton for about $6. I also got a chicken roll which was outstanding. I asked for it spicy and boy was it. One of the few things that I've had trouble eating. Also ordered a mango lassi and it wasn't very good at all. Would I come here again? Sure. Prolly closer to 3.5*Ok.  I'm surprised this place has 4.5 stars.  The only reason I'm giving it three stars instead of two is because it's the only place I know of in Philly that serves chaat.  You see, I grew up eating chaat, and damn good chaat at that.  I mean homemade chaat and chaat from Vik's in Berkeley.  I can see how someone who has never had chaat might be attracted to this place for the novelty of it all, but the bottom line is, their chaat is not the best. 
Sure, it can sort of satisfy my chaat craving on occasion, but it's nothing revolutionary and always leaves my longing for the chaat back home.  All of their chaat tastes and looks nearly the same (it shouldn't) and their pani puri water has ice in it (whaa?).My boyfriend and I LIVE HERE. Its the best thing about west philly! 
Cheap, fast, and so so so good!
Kashmiri and Punjabi are our favorites... I like mine spicy, but always ask especially if you are sensitive.
I STRONGLY recommend the Mango Lassi, especially if you are getting something a little spicy-it cuts the heat right down!
Also, if you need a little dessert-ask for "halwa" 
I cant even describe it... i think it was some sort of condensed milk? carrots? i have no idea. please just trust me.
The fun part of chaat is that i have no idea what the hell i am eating. ever.
when people ask i just tell them they have to try it :)I come here a lot for the mango lassi because it's grab-and-go. I have gotten the samosa chaat, as well as the chicken chaat in the past. For some reason there is always a guy working there that is on his bluetooth headset talking to his friend. I don't understand why it is always the same person working because I totally think the service would be better if he were not serving, because it's pretty off putting having a dude talking to some random person while trying to take your order.I went here with recommendations from several Indian friends and needless to say it was wonderful! The place is cute and dainty - very reminiscent of small corner stores that you would find in Asian villages. The food tasted rather authentic. We got the pav bahji and the vegetable biryani. Both dishes were excellent and portions were generous. They control their spice mixture very well.
Bonus here is that they have Indian soda! I tried Limca and Thums Up for the first time, and they were awesome!I went in with a lot of expectations but it turned out to be a weird fusion of what chaat should be like. I had the Dahi (yogurt) chaat which was nothing like what the original one should be like. This version was a strange mix of hot cold sweet sour items all mixed together with some strange looking chutneys that looked radioactive. The green mint chutney was way too bright to be natural. And there was a strange tortilla chip topping. I definitely won't be going back for chaat. I really wanted to like it but couldn't.Crunchy Bengali
and saucy Punjabi Chaat:
Your crisps are delish!I was really looking forward to dining here due to the high ratings and comments. The staff seemed like they wished they could be any place else and it carried through. the variety and costs are both good, but the food was on the bland side. Minimal options for appetizers and bodega like atmosphere without the camaraderie and banter typically found in this type of neighborhood joint.I'm on a roll lately. Five stars to Gold Club, with a two star average. Two stars for Modern Eye, with a five star average. Annnnd now two stars for Desi Chaat House which has a glowing five star average.
Having recently discovered my taste for Indian food (discounting one meal that I ate before the Phish concert that I wanted to throw up later in the night due to exhaustion), I have been dying to try Desi Chaat House. I like crispy, I like street food, I like new things, and this place has had rave reviews, including both of my trusty Philly food resources: City Paper's Meal Ticket AND Phoodie. But I wasn't blown away. At all.
The "facebook fan" drink I received was by far the highlight of the meal. It was fresh tasting and mangoey and bright orange. But the rest? The lower end of decent.
I ordered the papri chaat and Mike got the samsoa chaat. We drove back to Fairmount from West Philly to eat at home - maybe this latency period is to blame for the sogginess and wetness that occured about half way through our trays, but it sucked. Mike found the last third of his tray to be too wet and inedible and I understand. Don't get me wrong - the first few bites were delicious, full of little mango bits, potatoes, chick peas, and crispy papris. But the last half of my meal was oversaturated with sauce that I wasn't wowed by to begin with and the last few bites were pretty gnarly and had to be trashed.
Also, Yelpers seem to rave about how helpful the guy working is and he wasn't that helpful. He was quiet, didn't offer to explain anything even though it was clearly our first visit, and forgot to give me my complimentary facebook fan drink and didn't seem too thrilled when I reminded him about it (can't fault him there, but don't extend an online offer you don't feel like enthusiastically fulfilling).
Two too wet stars.I've tried various chaat places in west philly and there's only a few and I found this one to be the best amongst the bunch. Friendly service and above average chaat mixes. I've had chaat back in India at some of the very best places and this chaat house comes close to the real deal. The prices are fair as well. I wanted to give it 4.5 but Yelp doesn't allow that. Only down side is every now and then they miss the mark on the sweet and spicy balance.Admittedly I know nothing about how authentic this food is but it tastes great! The Kashmiri chaat is vegetarian and is my favorite! Lamb chaat is also great. If you haven't had chaat before, it's similar to nachos, with a layer of crunch, meat, papaya, nuts, and delicious creamy sauces. Great casual eatery.The lamb chaat is exceptional. Ask for it spicy and expect it to be so. They will happily make your meal vegan or gluten free if you need it. Small place, but speedy service, they make everything to go and they deliver via uber eats and postmates. Worth a try.I had not ever had chaat before, so I was curious to check this place out.
It is extremely random!  Very off-the-wall!  They throw a whole bunch of chopped up stuff (fruit, raw veggies, nuts, spicy dried snack food, diced up meat, etc.) in a big pan and pour yogurt on it and then you eat it.  The fresh veggies and fruit tend to be very fresh, and I appreciate that, they use whatever is available and fresh.  It tends to be on the salty and spicy side, and has a real blend of qualities: sweet, sour, salty, savory, bitter.
And I find that the food here actually makes you feel pretty good after eating it, which is a big plus.
And very inexpensive!
If you come here in a group and order 3 different things, they'll taste slightly different from each other, but they'll have some similarities.  But if you order the same 3 things another day, they'll be totally different from the last time (and probably more similar to each other).  That's how this place works.
It's SOOO random, which...while it can be fun, is the reason I give this place only 3 stars:
(1) I've found there's little correspondence between what item you order and what your food actually tastes like.  The reason is that the "little things" that change from time to time actually have more influence on the taste than the things that stay the same and define what each item is.  It's so pronounced, I'd say it doesn't really matter what you order.
(2) The combinations are so random that they seem to be done without regard for like, some sort of system of ensuring that flavors go well together.  Maybe this is just me speaking here, with a limited western palate, but...I have tried a lot of food from many different cultures, and when I am at home, I cook with a ton of spices and "weird" non-western ingredients.  I just think the stuff here seems random.  Sometimes it works well, sometimes it works less well.
Still, worth checking out though.  And...if you want to take a walk on the wild side?  Just come here and order something.  But I do think this place could take it up a notch or two, by being slightly more selective and thoughtful about what they throw in together, and also by making more of an effort to make recognizable items or combinations so that if you liked something, you could order it again instead of having it forever lost to the randomness of how this place operates.It's new in the neighborhood so I had to try it. Never had chaat before, but I like Indian food. 
Had the samosa chaat. Tasted okay, but not spicy enough and the plate looked like a mess. Essentially chaat is like the southeast Asian version of the garbage plate. Probably great when you're hungover, but otherwise too heavy and greasy. 
The owners were supernice, and the place looked clean. I'm hoping they expand the menu and then maybe I'll be back.Had the samosa chaat. It was perfect and ready when I went in to pick it up. Love these chaat places--unique, light, and flavorful. Perfect if you want a little bit of indian flavor on the quick. The price was also super cheap... I think it was ~$8 including tip for the samosa chaat and a chai tea. Way better than spending the same on some fast food chain.Great food and service! Stopped here on a whim and ordered a lamb wrap and mango lassi. Everything was wonderful! I'll be coming back to try more things in the near future.I've been here many times for chaat and veg dishes which I've liked for the most part. Today I was craving chicken and rice platter so I stopped in for some juice and thought I would get it there. What a mistake honestly. The chicken or rice- I can't tell- has an after taste that is cumulative as you eat and eventually I had to stop eating it because it was making my stomach upset. The yogurt or white sauce was also very weird. That doesn't even touch on the service the guy is always aloof and barely looks at you, like he doesn't have to be talkative but he could be a little nicer. Not the best trip here.Wonderful service! Helpful with order. It may not look like a lot of food, but it's very filling. I would recommend the Aloo Tikki.I am always on the look out for good Indian food in Philly.  In my experience, the pickings are slim.  On the recommendation of a friend, I stopped in here yesterday with my husband.  I'm pretty familiar with Indian fare (having visited India and worked in an Indian restaurant) but had never had chaat before yesterday.  What an amazing surpirse!  I had the lamb chaat and asked for it spicy.  I was expecting some variation of a savory indian dish.  What arrived was so much better. The dish was a combination of spicy and savory and sweet.  I can't think of the last meal I had that combined such interesting flavors.  With a sweet lassi on the side, this was a perfect lunch.  I only wish that there was a center city location.I have been going to Desi Chaat House regularly since it opened. I have had every vegetarian item on their menu (barring some of the rotating specials). They are far and away my favorite Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and they never disappoint. The servings are generous, hot food is always served hot, cold food is always served cold, their ingredients taste fresh and they are always willing to accomodate requests. Since it's cold out today I decided to try their egg curry, which is delicious, extremely filling, and warmed me right up. Their vegetable curry is similarly great... I could sing praises for every single item on their menu, but I'll restrain myself for the sake of brevity.
It is easy to be intimidated by Desi Chaat's menu. Its writing doesn't really explain what each chaat is or tastes like until you've already tried the item at least once. I actually found this to be an advantage, because to counter my confusion about what I had already tried I decided to go through each item on their menu one by one. It is all wonderful, and I have never experienced anything less than perfect service here.
Give it a try!LOOOOOOVE THIS PLACE!!!! ^_^
I lived in US all of my life but I visit Bangladesh and when I do, I stuff my face with paani puri and drink faluda. Since my last visit, I was depressed because I couldn't find a place that makes paani puri anywhere (and something that tastes good as well). And BAAAM! Along comes Desi Chaat. It's like they read my mind...or better yet, my stomach. Though the Bangladeshi faluda is different from the one at D.C. but who cares! The owner is sooooo nice. Oh yeah, they have an awesomely weird creation in the summer, paan ice cream. I think pregnant women would love this. Unless you're weird like me; I ate it, loved it, and I wasn't prego.Today was my first but not last visit to this new spot. I have never had chaat before and the very friendly man behind the counter was very helpful.  Delicious and full of different flavors and textures. I look forward to trying all the items on the menu. I found the spice level to be perfect.Worst chat I ever had! My extended family of 8 got a number of special chats, one lamb chat and one samosa chat. The samosa chat was OK. Lamb chat didn't taste like lamb. ALL the special chats are a total ripoff and downright yucky! For all those specials, they had the same base and just added the various mixtures from Indian groceries (Andhra mixture, Gujarati mixture etc). Don't fall for the nice descriptions - utter garbage.Love this place!!! Can't go wrong with any of the chaats! Veggie samosa were really good!! Puri were nice and fresh too!I wish I could tell you the exact chaat I tried, but it is a chaat whose name may not exist unless, "Mix me up your best one and make it extra extra spicy," is an actual chaat variety. See, I couldn't decide which one of the many special chaats, "from mild to wild," to try so I just left it to the professionals. Ever-so friendly, the helpful man behind the counter really hooked it up.
The above specifications resulted in rice puffs, cashews, potatoes and vegetables, something pickled... The combination was a super spicy mix accented with salty crunch, sweet fruits, tart drizzles of tamarind sauce and  cool yogurt. No taste bud or texture was left unturned. I enjoyed this Indian street food style snack. I'm not surprised, as I am a fan of snacks; I'm all about the snacks of all nations over here.
I don't know if there has been an instance in life where a samosa has been on the menu and I haven't ordered it? I can't imagine. Husband and I split the samosa chaat too. Desi Chaat House makes some first-rate vegetable samosas, they do. Just an order of these two snacks was a feast.
The sweet, sweet mango lassi I slurped down dyed my mouth an orange that would really be an terrible lipstick shade choice for this self-respectin' ginger.  It was worth the resulting questionable look.
I mentioned that the man behind the counter was friendly and helpful. Lemme stress that point: excellent service here. And generous! A thunderstorm broke right as we were about to leave, so we were kind of hangin around the little shop, milking that last of the lassi, and waiting for the rain to let up a little. He offered us sample of some kulfi for desert- a sample that turned out to be an actual ice cream scoop size and that was topped with all kinds of sweet and crunchy toppings and sweet rose syrup... So kind! Another taste explosion to go along with the thunder blasts outside. So appreciated.My boyfriend introduced me to DCH in August, and if I haven't had it at *least* twenty times since, I haven't had it once!  For the best way to describe it, I'll use the words one of their employees told me my first time in, "savory, spicy, & sweet - everything all at once - and delicious."  And the chaats truly are delicious.  The samosas are delectable.  The mango lassis, yum.  As a vegan, I have to get the yogurt removed from my orders, but they do it with no problem at all.  All of their chaats are super nutritious, loaded with fresh fruits, vegetables, and legumes.  It isn't hard to get your chaat gluten-free.  The only reason I gave it a four and not a five is the staff - which can be a bit rude if you catch them in the wrong mood.  
No matter - my suggestions for a first timer?  Samosa chaat, madras chaat, punjabi chaat, fruit chaat ... all incredible!  Though the fruit may be more of a breakfast chaat / snack, depending on your typical dietary needs.  Getting individual samosas to go with the warm chickpea sauce it's smothered in is good too.    Oh!  And bring back your to-go containers and they'll use them for your next chaat!  Let's heal our planet together, loves! XoXchaat may be the name o' the game here, but the [veggie] samosas steal the show. thankfully i had peeped the previous yelp reviews, so i knew to say 'yes' when asked if we'd like that topped with the chickpea sauce.*
meanwhile...tho i have been a lover of indian food for many years, chaat is fairly new to me, and i'd only previously tried one variety - papri chaat. this was, naturally, on the desi menu, but we wanted to try something new, so we ordered the mumbai chaat and the ahndra chaat from the specialties section. the two were more similar to one another than i was expecting, but way different from the papri chaat - and wonderfully crunchy & full of flavor. 
on the 'mild to wild' scale, we went WILD (on both) and they were indeed SPICY! as this is a pay before you eat type jawn, we each purchased a single bottle of water along with our food, which i soon feared would not be nearly enough to quell the fire in my mouth as we began eating. dining outside on lovely 42nd street (as opposed to sitting at the window counter inside), and way too into our meal to move, we didn't run back inside to purchase more water (or inquire if free tap was available), but as it turned out, none was needed! the initial burn subsided, leaving a pleasant tingle, and neither of us even finished our bottles, let alone need more.
speaking of not finishing... 2 samosas + 2 chaats + 2 people = 2 much food! one chaat between us would have been plenty, but we wanted to sample a variety....and who doesn't like leftovers?! not to mention, the whole meal (water included) totaled just under $20. 
*NB: the samosa would have still been the best i've had to date without sauce; it merely added to its awesomeness.So yummy!  Try this place!  I've been here several times, and the chat is always delicious... 
The owner is very friendly and inviting, and will recommend dishes if you ask.  I love the Samosa Chaat, which is vegetarian, or the Lamb Chaat, which is particularly savory and spicy.  Their Samosas are amazing as side dishes as well.  
Since there isn't a lot of seating, I often get my food to go.  Keep in mind that the actual restaurant is a bit of a "hole in the wall," and is located a bit out of the way on Baltimore and 42nd, but it's truly a neighborhood gem!  
Highly recommended.The first time I came here, I had never heard of chaat.  My buddy asked the owner what it was and we got a quick rundown.  I still wasn't sure what it was, but he said everyone liked it and recommended the samosa chaat for my first time.  
The taste was certainly different from anything I've ever had, even other Indian food, but it was very, very good.  This place has joined Wawa on my list of default places to eat.  You can't go wrong here.  Also, if you like Indian desserts, they have them all here -- gulab jamun, kheer, lassi, etc.
If you're driving here, there's plenty of free street parking everywhere.  There's a counter along the window if you want to sit and eat.  It's more of a takeout place though.I've tried various chaat places in west philly and there's only a few and I found this one to be the best amongst the bunch. Friendly service and above average chaat mixes. I've had chaat back in India at some of the very best places and this chaat house comes close to the real deal. The prices are fair as well. I wanted to give it 4.5 but Yelp doesn't allow that. Only down side is every now and then they miss the mark on the sweet and spicy balance.I've been here a few times and it is always super yummy. The samosa chaat is great, so is the papri chaat. The pani puri leaves a little to be desired in the pani chutney. It needs more flavor. But none of the other dishes are ever lacking in the flavor department. 
Service is very nice and friendly. I wish there were a few more places to sit. They do have outdoor tables, but that's only useful half the year. 
Bottom line: This place always fulfills my chaat cravings.I love Indian food and was very excited to find that this place was merely a block away from my other destination, so I decided to check it out.  I had investigated the ratings of all University City area Indian restaurants and had felt sure that I selected the right one, not only because it was close, but because it had the highest ratings of them all. Wow, I was seriously disappointed!!!  The Lamb Chaat and Punjabi Chaat that I had were both way too sweet and not spicy enough.  I asked for medium but it could barely be called mild.  I've ate and know how to cook a lot of Indian food, and none of it is really sweet, save the desserts.  If I had wanted sweet, I would have ordered something sweet. The Punjabi Chaat was covered with something like Kurkuri.  If I wanted that, I would have bought a bag.  I'm hungry as I'm writing this because I threw most of it away.Vada paav is really good. Wife is fan of the ras malai. Decent pricing. Chaat is ok. Definitely give it a try.It's not a restaurant...It's a joke...we were just there last week..when I went inside...there was an aloof looking dude at the register....I asked him to give tea...He didn't know how to make it...and then I ordered delhi chat to go....it was rubbish and had something else than food inside, like HAIR...I was very unsatisfied....it happens when owners give restaurant to unqualified people to run....It's my humble request to the owner to stop cheating people by name....and my request to people not to go there ever to waste your time and money.There are probably fifty items on the menu, but they are all very similar. If you order five different chaats, tomorrow it will seem as though you had five plates of the same/similar item. But it is always very delicious, and the service is always fast and friendly. They will prepare it in less time than it took you to order it. I can't count how many times I've been here, and I don't see my visits becoming any less frequent in the future!I went during a weekday around 1 PM, and there was not much of a line. The manager seemed to be talking about chaat with one of the customers and there was a bit of unnecessary wait, but I can understand that he wanted to educate his customers about chaat since it is a different dish. 
The papri chaat I ordered actually wasn't on their board menu- it was on their paper menu. They did give me the price on the paper menu, but I would double check with them to see if you can order from paper menu and what price it is, since they do not have a printed paper menu for the Bellevue location yet.
Enough with logistics- the papri chaat was awesome. Good chutneys and sauces, crunchy fried flour bits, chick peas, potatoes, how can you go wrong? And, the manager was nice enough to give me a rice pudding on the house. A little different from the thinner Indian rice pudding I'm used to, it's pretty thick but very good. Ultimately, I would go definitely back again and order their chaats- not sure about the other dishes. I think with time, the efficiency of ordering and getting your food will get better.I've never had chaat before and the owner was too happy to describe the various spices used for the chaats. I decided to try the Samosa Chaat, because I love Samosas! the owner also said back in his homeland, Pakistan, the women would have chaat before shopping, which makes sense. So, it's more of a snack in Pakistan,but, here in Philly, it was our lunch!
It was very satisfying - the spices, lentils and chickpeas and bits of mango on top to refresh the palatte. 
I want to come back with my friend to try a different chaat. In fact, we want to try them all!I wish they had an additional star!  I absolutely CRAVE their Chaats and Lassi's!  Always fresh, affordable, absolutely spotless clean, and the owner is beyond helpful!  Tell him what you like / don't like, and he'll whip you up something unique.  I really can't say enough about it. 
I think that the people who gave it low scores just must not understand what exactly a Chaat is... or Indian food... I don't know, because this place is amazing!Now look, don't go around in West Philly looking for authentic Indian street food, because  you're not going to find it. But Desi Chaat House comes closest to the flavors of Indian chaat. The chaats are a Delhi-Bombay hybrid, and don't conform to the chaat traditions of either city. That does not in any way preclude it from being very very good.
I've had the samosa chaat and the cutlet chaat, and the former is much better. My friend had a biryani (can't remember which one), which he said was good but not fantastic. 
The staff is very friendly, and all chaats can be customized to your preferences.This place is great. Very nice and clean on the inside, wonderful customer service, quick service and unique food. The lamb chaat is great as are the samosas and rice dishes. Definitely worth a trip to West Philly.It's the worst place for so called 'Chaat'! It's bland and not authentic and expensive for what you get. 
I also made the mistake of getting ' Chicken Biryani'. It was disgusting and did not even resemble what a biryani should look like or taste like! 
The food at this place is a very poor representation of true Indian food ' flavours.My go-to chaat spot near Penn's campus.
Fantastic samosas, and their chicken birynai is to-notch. For chaats, I usually go for the papri.
Also, this place is GREAT for catering. I have used them several times, and it's always a hit.
My only suggestion is that they improve their eat-in options and offer more seating.First of all, this place is pretty awesome. The owner is so friendly and helpful, and it's great to hear that they're opening up two new locations in March. (Apparently, one is going to be at 37th and Lancaster. Chaat, in MY neighborhood? I'm going to get fat. So fat.)
Anyway, the wonders that Desi Chaat House has worked with this former headshop space are also impressive. The store is impeccably clean, and although they don't have any kitchen or oven space, they've still managed to stock a decently sized menu menu, from a slightly overwhelming variety of chaat to chicken and vegetable biryani, which I'm itching to try one of these days. The menu featured some recognizable names, including pani puri, bhel puri, etc., and also some more vague items like Kashmiri chaat. Also in the fridges were mango lassi and a few other drinks, one of which a friend informed me is some kind of salted pomegranate juice with herbs (intriguing!) The owner is very friendly, and I'm sure if you had questions, you'd have them answered easily.
My boyfriend and I decided to split two orders, one of bhel puri and one of samosa chaat, and also bought two samosas... thinking we would split them. This ended up being WAY too much food, so he's got another lunch out of it. The portions are very generous, to be sure. Also, another thing that I really liked was that we ordered the food spicy, and it was ACTUALLY spicy, without being overwhelming. There was a nice layer of spice with a variety of complex flavors. 
The samosa chaat was good, but the other dish was my favorite. I was impressed at how crispy everything managed to stay, even though we waited a little bit to eat it. The sauces were piquant, the crispy bits were a welcome contrast of textures, and the chickpeas were delicious. The cilantro, other herbs, and onions were all fresh, and mixed in throughout the dish were pomegranate seeds, which added a nice citrus brightness and more texture variety. The samosas were also tasty. In short, the food was quite good!
While my friends and I were ordering, a crowd of Indian college students were also there waiting for us to finish (good sign #1), and when I asked my boyfriend (who is generally very picky about Indian food that his mother hasn't cooked) whether he liked it, he also gave it an enthusiastic endorsement (good sign #2). So while 42nd and Baltimore is a bit of a hike for me right now, I would not hesitate to get food from here again when visiting friends, and I will definitely be headed to the new location as soon as they open.Went here the other day not really knowing much about Chaat.  
We asked what was vegetarian and the guy behind the counter asked if we were vegan (husband is) and then made some suggestions.  We were glad he knew what vegan meant and left the yogurt off.  yay!
Had the Samosa Chaat and something else that was his suggestion.  We really liked the Samosa one as it was warm, had crisps and different sauces, spices and flavors that came out with each bite.
The other Chaat was more boring and far to spicy for me.  We actually said we wanted both really mild and it was still a bit to spicy for my wimpy tastes.  
It was cheap, different and yummy.  Perfect for the neighborhood.  They were friendly, it was clean and a good price for the money.  I like that it was eclectic and not one dish of the same thing and flavor.  Will totally go to again.best RICE PUDDING I've had. What makes this rice pudding different is the assortment of nuts (pistachio, almond) on top of the rice pudding that enhance the flavor. different style of rice pudding from Rice to Riches in Manhattan
Everytime I drive past this place, I always stop by for a rice pudding.There are people who don't like their food touching. Those "divider" plates were meant for those people. They like their food pristine, individual, with distinct borders to protect the unique identity of each meal component.
Then there are people like me, who laugh in the face of boundaries and defy aesthetics. I want all my food mixed up with reckless abandon, creating new flavor profiles and texture galore in the process. 
Desi Chaat was made for people like me. Like other reviewers mentioned, I couldn't identify everything that was in my (samosa) chaat. A yogurt-y sauce, something green-ish, something resembling chickpeas, a samosa half-submerged in the melange, and some crunchy things as a garnish, more of an afterthought.
Minus one star because I'm not used to the richness and it sort of made my stomach hurt. But that might've been because I also downed a delicious mango lassi (the best I've ever had- please overlook my hyperbole up to this point and believe me on this one). Oh, and half half of a vegetable wrap, which sounds boring but is just indescribably good. It's sort of a mashed potato cake with yogurt sauce all rolled up in a soft puffy pita bread. 
With most things under $6, you bet I'll be back. First for the lassi, and then (hopefully with enough room saved in my stomach) for that hot mess of an Indian meal, a boundary-breaking adventure every time.My wife and I were in Philly yesterday and looking for a place to snack. We explored the menu on yelp and saw that on paper, Desi Chaat House has the most fanfare compared to the other "top" results that yelp showed us. We decided to put these claims to test and boy, were we not disappointed! The menu in house was more extensive than it was online with a whole array of authentic indian chaats, eats and drinks I have not come across in PA. We had the Pav Bhaji, Malwa Mix chaat which was the day's special and Faluda, Mango Lassi for drinks. 
Everything tasted the way it should, which is more than one can ever say for the stuff all the other so called "indian restaurants" put on your plate and call "chaat". The place, though small, is clean and everything was prepared quickly, as this is quintessentially "indian fast food" 
Needless to say, we fell in love with the food and helped ourselves to a couple of other items to-go which were equally delightful! Kudos!! to whoever it is that set this place up, my quest for simple, authentic desi chaat ends!I LOVE Indian food...but I wouldn't eat here after a seven day fast. I ordered the  chicken biryani and a lassi. Premade food served up in a plasic container at restaurant prices. You could go to almost any food truck, pay half, get better quality and peace of mind. You could go out for sushi for these prices or save a few bucks and go to an indian buffet. Second point: the food was a let down, and as someone else pointed out, it tasted old. Stale. Like the ingredients had been pulled from a dusty cedar chest after being stuck in the attic for 10 years. Avoid this one. Trust me.If I had to describe Desi Chaat House in one word, it would be "amazingly satisfying." "That's two words," you say...I know, I know, but its unfair to contain Desi Chaat House to just one word or even two.  The selection of chaat should please anyone, the variety of lassis and desserts offered always hit the spot, and the ice cream flavors are mind blowing. When have you ever had paan ice cream? How about rose and basil seed? 
Let us not forget the almighty Punjabi samosas they serve. Giant, stuffed triangular pyramids of complete satisfaction. Ask for more Tamarind sauce, and they happily oblige.  Also, the chicken biryani, though spicy, is also amazingly good. 
Desi Chaat House- you are wonderful, and you will always be a favorite.This place is a GEM!! If you're a fan of Chaat then definitely make it a point to venture out to 42nd and Baltimore to try this place. I ordered the papri-Chaat and pani puri and it was exactly what I was looking for; Light, Spicy, and fresh ingredients! Oh did I mention the sweet lassi was incredible, it was full of flavor and was not heavy :) I wish they had a place in center city I would go there all the time.