This place has the perfect name, the DEVIL. This is the worst service I ever received In life. The Waiter was horrible as she didn't serve us any water due to there not being any clean cups but offered us an alcoholic beverage instead and bring us drinks in CUPS, such a doozy. In addition she was very rude, the manager wasn't helpful either. She was so bothered that she gave us too much money back and when being honest about the exchange she tried to snatch the money out of my hand as if we calculated wrong. Im suprised such a rude person still has a job as a waitress. I would've given this place no stars but the food was good but wasn't worth the racist act. I warned you, don't let Satan get You.Absolutely Phenomenal!
We went here for restaurant week because we heard they had an exceptional variety of beers, and were looking for one of our favorites Ithaca Apricot Wheat. They did not disappoint on the beer front, but even better still the food was fantastic with MASSIVE portions. We decided to order one of the restaurant week meals and an order of their nachos to share. 
the nachos were a huge platter piled high with guacamole and sour cream, and with the added beef brisket they did not disappoint! Absolutely a fantastic start to our meal!
The courses of their restaurant week selection that we chose were:
Course1- Pulled Pork Taquitos
Course2- Pear, Gorganzola, Butter Lettuce Salad
Course3- Devils Classic BBQ Combo we chose the sweet potato side as well as the crab and corn potato hash.
Course4- Triple layer chocolate cake.
The entire meal was amazing. With our favorite part being the ribs in the BBQ combo. The meat was falling right off the bone and was flavored to perfection. The only thing I would suggest is a different side other than the crab and corn potato hash. It definitely was not enough to completely deter us from going there again, but it was not the best thing on the menu.
I definitely highly recommend this restaurant as the atmosphere was very fun and catered to people our age. (Mid 20s) We will definitely be going back soon!One of my favorites in the Rittenhouse area.  Definitely worth taking the train into Suburban just for a meal at Devil's.  Good vibe all around; love the decor.
Always good craft beers and at a decent price. Bloody marys are also unique: I believe they use muddled and blended chipotles in adobo sauce, v8, vodka of course, and top it off with a splash of guinness, or possibly a cream stout? Can't remember. Very tasty. But be careful, 10$ a pop for most mixed drinks including mary's.   The food is excellent...thinking about the menu makes me salivate....all of it, I have not been disappointed ever. Not once.  Highest of the highlights for me:  brisket sliders, grilled wings....(hard to go back to regular fried wings), stuffed hot dog, fries and onion rings, and the cornbread.Came here as a last minute resort since everywhere else was booked. The name made me skeptical, but I was hungry so it had to do. Upon entrance, the place looked like they were closing. The hostess sat us upstairs (where a handful of ppl were watch the NCAA game). The waiter gave us the menu (which were very sticky - gross!). My date kept pointing out a chicken bone that was off to the side of the floor (gross, again!). All in all, I wouldn't return again.I've been to DA for breakfast, lunch, happy hour and dinner and have been totally pleased every time.  Good food & service.  I'd go there anytime.Their cocktails are just okay...
BUT THEIR FOOD IS SO GOOD. Their veggie burger is AMAZING. It's like a chickpea, black bean mix that's lightly breaded and fried. so yum!
And for brunch, I had oreo bread pudding french toast. It was a daily special and it changed my life. I hope they repeat it!I base most of my out of town food choices on Yelp and its places like Devil's Alley that assure me my reliance is not misplaced. 
We started with the Fried green tomatoes. To be honest, this was my first time having fired green tomatoes though I'm not sure how any other place could to better. They were perfectly fried with a delicious marinara sauce topped with yummy cheddar cheese. Wow. The dish itself isn't mind blowing, the ingredients are nothing exotic but the total combination was out of this world. 
For dinner I had the dry rub wings and a side of the mac and cheese. The wings were tremendous. Expertly seasoned and cooked perfectly cooked. The mac and cheese was good - but not amazing. I'm a fan of S'Mac on NYC's lower east side where Mac and Cheese is what they do. While that may not be a good comparison, you can't argue with good food. 
Overall I would defiantly go back next time I'm in Philly.One of the worst dining experiences I've had. Service was great, server was attentive. Ordered some drinks which tasted as if there was no alcohol in them at all considering their daily special. Appetizers came out warm, probably the worst nachos I've had. Fries were over salted. Food was overpriced considering the quality. Would not recommend this place to anyone.I don't have much to say about Devil's Alley other than I love it. I've been here for restaurant week, on first dates, catching up with friends, and for Valentine's Day. Always a good time! Their vegetarian options do leave much to be desired, but that might be because I can be a bit picky. I do highly recommend the fried green tomatoes though!A quaint cafe. Walked over with a group of friends after a comedy show at Helium. Everyone was satisfied with their food. I personally did not love the bathroom situation in the basement. Our waitress seemed to be having a rough night, and was trying to get back on track, but just couldn't. Great place, great atmosphere despite the aforementioned.Went back again for happy hour and sat upstairs. The service was lackluster if not outright bad. It took forever for the waitress to ask us our order and evern longer to refill our glasses. Whenever I come to DA for happy hour and sit downstairs, my waiter always informs me when it's last call for happy hour. Not only did my waitress not inform me, we had been waiting for a drink refill for 30 minutes as it was. 
All in all, if you are going here, sit downstairs. Much better service and attention.This place is a good choice for Happy Hour. They have pretty good drink specials and food like quesadillas. The crowd is sometimes a little sad-looking, but I don't usually go to socialize (with strangers, anyway.) Outdoor seating is a plus in good weather, too. A solid choice of place-to-get-tipsy.
One note, the bathrooms down in the basement are a little creepy, but there's plenty of graffiti (intentional) on the stall walls and door to keep your mind off that fact.We were actually drawn by the aesthetics (the name+ the cool indoor outdoor concept), so we decided to stop and grab brunch here. Meh, I wish Devil's Alley tasted as good as it looks. The breakfast quesadilla (a good portion of scrambled eggs+chorizo+cheddar+jalapeno) was pretty bland. I was surprised how much ketchup/hot sauce it needed. 
I think I will come again for happy hour. This place is too cute to pass up.This place has better than average bar grub.  The devil burger is delicious and their onion rings are excellent.  Huge fan of the ribs and the mac and cheese as well.  Definitely on my list for places to eat in Rittenhouse.I went here today for lunch.  We decided to sit outside because the weather was so pleasant.  We ordered nachos, chicken sandwich, and a few beers.
A nice experience overall.  
Let's start with the beers.  I ordered a Banana Bread Beer that was delicious.  The selection is decent and the prices are reasonable for center city.   $6 for a Stella isn't too shabby.  
The Nachos were the best part of the experience.  They are huge and meant to be shared.  The nacho chips themselves were crispy and thick.  Not your average bagged nacho chip.  The Chicken sandwich was good but nothing spectacular.  
The service was good.  She was pleasant and prompt. The check came quickly and we didn't feel rushed.
Overall, an okay experience.  Not bad in any way - but not extraordinary either.We came in for Sunday brunch - food was delicious and came out fast. Drinks delicious but a bit slow - the place was full, so I can give a pass on that. Only one working bathroom so there was a line :( overall would come back but they need to fix the restrooms up a bit!Stopped by for a drink last night with some friends. It was a shame several beers we wanted we already kicked by the time we got there (which was only 9 or 10). Decent selection otherwise. We did order a side of onion rings and they we absolutely delicious!Went here for brunch and the food was heavy but delicious! We were next to a very loud party so it was hard to hear, but they were having fun :)
We went to the bar afterwards and sat there for two hours sipping cocktails. The atmosphere was great and the bartenders were very friendly. I'm only giving this 3 stars though because the cocktails were quite sugary and sweet and we kept asking them to change that.Went in for happy hour. The place is really has two different atmospheres depending on which floor you eat on. The lower level is more dim and gives off more of that lounge feel. While the upper level is more open and lighter while giving off that industrial look. Anyway the food was really good, I had the turkey burger, which didn't disappoint. And my girlfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich. Our waitress wasn't that great giving us the cold shoulder when we tried to get her attention. Overall not bad, wouldn't mind coming back.Recently went here for brunch, and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I ordered the mixed griddle with a friend, and we split the french toast, pancake, eggs, and other yummy treats they brought me. I am a BIG FAN.  SO yummy! I can't wait to go back and try more of their brunch menu. 
Aside - the pancakes are cornbread pancakes, really unique and really yummy.Devil's Alley is in a wonderful location in Center City.  They offer a solid menu with a lot of options to choose from at an affordable price. I am a fan of the Raspberry Mojito - it is a tasty. well-sized drink with a good amount of alcohol in it. This is a great place to catch up with a group of friends and walk out without having too big a bill.  It is a good idea to have a reservation - especially on the weekend when there are lots of people around.  Order drinks too at a time if you are thirsty - the bar service is super slow which is the number one thing that management should look to fix.  People sitting at a restaurant bar should never be sitting around waiting for a server to order their next drink - yet that is what we were doing for most of the night.This place is pretty decent for a group of friends. Music, ambience and service is good. Love their sweet potato fries!I am a bit of a snob when it comes to fried green tomatoes. 
Gotta say, I was a bit disappointed by the FGT appetizer available at Devil's Alley.
(Topped with cheddar cheese and homemade red sauce? No it was all chunks of strangely spiced tomatoes and barely friend green ones underneath. No bueno.)
Luckily - that is the only thing I've got that's complaint-worthy on the menu.
The place has a lot of character and a great atmosphere at night. Loved the lights on the trees that reach up through the opening to the 2nd floor. Very cool. 
The bathrooms also have that 'hey I might get murdered here' feel without the actual threat. Mmm.. ambiance.
Nice servers, fast seating, but the place was still busy - so it was just right.
I keep hearing about their Fried Green Tomato BLT, so perhaps I'll give their FGTs another go on my next visit when I'm on that side of town....Great lunch place! The decor is adorable and fun. We were sat upstairs on the balcony overlooking the main eating area, but the view was basically greenery from large "trees".  There was cozy fireplace upstairs (wonderful in this rainy spring day). Our waitress greeted us and took our order and made recommendations. She checked back to let us know the coffee would be a couple of minutes as she was making a fresh pot. My companion and I both ordered burgers with the upcharge sweet potato fries. They are crispy on the outside and tender on the outside with just the right amount of salt. These are highly addictive!!
I got the Big Blue Burger and added mushrooms to the blue cheese and bacon burger. It was chargrilled to perfection. I enjoyed it completely. My companion got the guacamole and bacon burger and added grilled onion and the sweet potato fries. The consensus is that it was just as good as mine!
The coffee was great, the service was great, the food was fantastic.  The only down side was the noise. The exposed concrete and brick and open beam ceilings is GORGEOUS, but doesn't absorb noise well.  Despite that, the noise was a "happy crowd" of voices and plates and didn't detract from the experience or the ambience.Came here for the first time last night with one of my friends. When we first came in there was no hostess there to seat us so we had to wait a couple minutes, which was annoying. We were seated eventually.. Once we got seated our waiter was really nice and patient. He helped us decide on what to get for dinner, we both had the salmon burger, which was suppose to come with Cole slaw and we didn't receive it with our meal and our fries seemed old. I guess I'll try it again. Just a little disappointed, just thought the food would be better.This is the type of place where you're better off coming on an off-peak night. The food is really good, and best enjoyed without the bar crowd. 
I started off with a cup of mussel and crab chowder, which was meaty, delicious and had powerful rosemary seasoning.
Next up, the calamari salad. A great mix of crispy fried calamari, jalapenos and chipotle ranch dressing. Do yourself a favor, get the dressing on the side, otherwise it's a little overwhelming. This is better than Continental's version (suck it Starr).
Finally, the pulled pork sandwich. Tangy, pulled pork covered in melted cheese on a tasty challah-like roll (Challah and pork? Sacrilicious!). The fries were a little overdone, but the accompanying little cup of cole slaw had an interesting citrus flavor, possibly mandarin orange, that was nice. And I don't even like cole slaw.
I washed things down with a PBC smoked porter that matched perfectly with the salad and burger. It was somehow not salty like most smoked beers, so give it a try if you have the opportunity.The food here was good, but man the service was so slow. We came in on a rainy Sunday around 11:30. After a 20 minute wait for a table we were seated with menus by the hostess. All fine and dandy, because not having a reservation means sometimes you wait. Our server gave us waters and said he'd be back for our drink orders shortly. 15 minutes later we placed our full orders, because we were hungry. My dining companions both got their mimosas about 10 minutes after placing the order. Our server brings me my iced tea 40 minutes later and apologizes because it was "brewing." I would have respected him a lot more if he would have just admitted he forgot about it. Our server also said the 30+ minute wait for our entrees was a result of the restaurant being full. Note to self, don't return when they're busy. I also really liked the food, but perhaps that is a result of waiting almost an hour to eat it.
Service aside, the food was good and there's a lot to choose from off the brunch menu. I found at least 10 things that were totally up my alley (get it!?) I split the half pound burger and pancake sandwich with Dining Partner. Eggs, bacon, and cheese stuffed in between two pancakes, um yes. Our friend had the mixed griddle. The decor is fun and inviting. I'd like to return to try some of the other menu items, but I will make sure the restaurant is close to empty before I sit down.Fantastically underrated gastropub.  Ambiance is mediocre, service is okay, beer selection is solid, and food is fantastic.  Get the ribs!I've dined here 3 times- once for Restaurant Week (a solid 3, as there was nothing spectacular and the menu was inconsistent in theme), once for a beer/food pairing (a 5, as everything was spot on and the beer pairings actually made perfect sense with each course), and once (last night) for regular dinner and drinks on a Saturday night (a 4, as everything tasted great but with some minor service issues).  I also drank here 2 times without eating.  So I'm giving this an average rating of 4 stars.  Plus, you can't go wrong with outdoor seating and open-air dining upstairs during the warmer months.
I'll go with my most recent experience here.  The place was packed but we managed to snag a table right away downstairs for 4.  Took a little time for a server to come around and took even more time to get our drinks from the bar (there's only 1 and it's upstairs, which can get kinda weird when servers need to walk up and down steps to get them for us).  That's probably the only downside I experienced last night- service was just okay.  The waitress seemed disinterested and introduced the specials so quietly I could barely hear her.  Requests for some oil and lemon as salad dressing went unnoticed and when she disappeared for quite some time, we had to flag down a busser or other server to accommodate us.  The food runner mistakenly identified a beef burger we ordered as veggie, so there was a little confusion there.
The food, however, was really good.  The fried green tomato appetizer was so good and covered in a delicious marinara/mozzarella sauce that I could have mistaken it for mozzarella sticks.  We're all kicking ourselves for not ordering the gigantic, heaping platter of nachos- they looked so good.  My cousin ordered the beef brisket sandwich and said it was good, nothing great.  She really enjoyed the cucumber salad on the side in place of fries- come to think of it, there's a ton of great BBQ sides here like that- corn muffins, baked beans, etc.  My mom and aunt ordered plain burgers with different toppings and the cucumber salads as sides in place of fries, as well.  Both enjoyed their burgers.  I got the surf and turf burger (cooked to a perfect medium, which never happens) which came with an amazing, delicious heap of jumbo lump crabmeat on top and covered in an imperial sauce which my server couldn't really explain.  Really, it just tasted like a super tasty tartar sauce with hints of crab in it.  The old bay fries served with it were perfect- crunchy and salty and just right.
My rum punch was super tasty and strong, but my cousin's Bloody Mary was way too watery.  It had a great amount of spice, but was not thick enough.
For 4 people with 1 appetizer, 4 entrees and 3 drinks, it came to only $85 total, which is awesome.
Overall, the bar food and ambiance of the place is too good to just give it a 3.  Stick to the regular menu instead of during Restaurant Week and you'll be good.This place is super cute, went here for Valentine's Day because it was the only place that wasn't packed. The bathrooms are really creepy and dirty but the upstairs restaurant is nice and trendy. I had the salmon entree which was really great! I gave this place 3 stars because my boyfriend ordered the ribeye and it was the worst he's ever had. He knows his steaks and it was a horrible cut of meat. I tried it and it was really chewy. The service was good.This place is on my list of standbys - easy, tasty and you can always get a table but it's never empty. It always seems to come up during those "Uhhh, I don't know, what do YOU want to eat?" conversations.
The beer menu is small but interesting enough, and they do a sampler, which is always cool. 
Vegetarians have a number of choices, including a giant homemade veggie burger, grilled cheese with apples and salads/pizzas. Most importantly, they have the best fried green tomatoes I've had this side of the Mason-Dixon line! The crispy waffley fries are worth your time, too. All in all, a chill place to drink some beer and eat something fried.I saw all of the hype on Yelp and the food did live up to the hype. We had the spicy rub wings, guacamole burger, bbq wings, pulled pork sliders and sweet potato fries. The food was amazing and our waitress was really attentive. Literally we cleaned every single plate, even the fries were hot and sooo good! 
However my biggest problem was the hostess told us that "all of the tables were reserved and they were expecting a lot of people soon" She couldn't seat us at any of the open tables (that didn't have a reserved sign on it). I then went to open table reserved a table for 4 at 6pm (which happened to be 15 minutes later). A different hostess then removed a "reservation sign" to seat us because we had an open table review. 
In 2016 the last thing I expect is for someone to tell me there are no seats available when there are tons of seats. My money is as green as the next person's.First time at Devil's Alley Friday night. Great meal, nice atmosphere, great staff. Definitely will be back! Fried green tomatoes appetizer was good. Both of us enjoyed our sandwiches. Pulled pork was juicy and tender. Been tomatoes BLT was also tasty. Sweet potatoes fries were crisp outside, tender inside. Chocolate cake for desert was very good. Very happy that I came across Devils's Alley!Never had a bed experience here, other than its PACKED for Happy Hour.  Thats a testament of the quality.  Salads are huge and packed with goodness, Shrimp Bacon Grits for Brunch are out of this world, and the wings are awesome.  Great service when its not Happy Hour, highly recommend.Honestly, I don't even remember what I ordered at this place.  But, I do remember the person that I was with ordered a well-done burger and it came to the table dripping blood.  When they sent it back to the kitchen to cook a little longer, it came back pink.  Well done = no blood, no pink.
Service was slow - I hate slow service.  
I wasn't completely turned off by the place - seems to draw a pretty fun crowd.  I'm sure I'll give it another try.After drinking several "Vitamin Water Cocktails" my friends and I were starving and I had a particular craving for anything dipped in ketchup. At 8 p.m., Devils Alley was happy to accommodate a party , "which could range from 5 to 10 people" and we pretty much had our own private section. The Cobb Salad was decent, the fries were OK, and I was just drinking diet coke at this point. $1.50 for cheese on a burger made my friend scoff, and the portions were OK for normal standards, but not "American" hungry drunk food standards. The basement bathrooms must be what define this place as Devils Alley, and somewhere I would be pretty afraid to be alone at night. Although the bathroom graffiti reading "No Roger, No Re-Run, No Rent" pretty much made my nightWhen I was here I sat outside, and had the guacamole burger. Overall,.it was a delicious and positive experience! I would definitely go back. Also, the waitress was very attentive.Devil's Alley serves one of the best, if not the best, buffalo chicken sandwiches I've ever had.  Spicy and creamy and cheesy... and with an incredible roll that ties it all together and doesn't let it fall apart, no matter how much the sandwich wants to self-destruct.  That roll is they key to the sandwich, and it nails it.  And the fries are terrific.
The nachos... they were ok.  Not great.  The grilled cheese?  Not bad , but nothing special (although the horseradish sauce that came with it was stolen by my girlfriend, and I hear that really turned the sandwich around).
But man, that buffalo chicken sandwich is delicious, the drinks were delicious and strong, plus our waiter was friendly and attentive.  For that... four stars!Good food, good vibes. The pulled pork sandwiches are amazing! The sauce is just right and the coleslaw is the best I've tasted. I had the pulled pork to start and a burger for the entree. No complaints. Everything was so good.I really wanted to give this place more stars because I've heard so many great things from friends that are regulars here,  but 3 seems about right for my experience here. 
    My boyfriend and I walked in around 7:15pm this past Friday night for a bite to eat. He made a reservation for 7:30pm and they seated us right away. We were smack dab in the middle of the downstairs dining area, right next to the trees. The table was in such an awkward place with walkways going on both sides of us. So I had the female dilemma of trying to find a good spot for my purse. The seats were highly uncomfortable and the material of my dress made me slip around in the chair a couple of times. Even my boyfriend mentioned being uncomfortable after being seated for a little bit. The place itself is pretty nice and I am always a fan of being able to see in the kitchen. It's a sign of a clean, structured cooking staff in my mind. 
    The beer selection was okay. Nothing caught my eye on draft, so I settled for a can. We ordered the fried green tomatoes as our appetizer. This was pretty good. The only thing I would change would be the size of the slices. They were HUGE! I would say at least an inch. So, cutting them was very hard and everything would fall off. You needed the sauce and fried coating on top, because the green tomatoes themselves lacked flavor (not even salt or pepper). For my entree, I ordered the shrimp salad. It was basically a mound of arugula, with all the toppings (black beans, avocado, corn, etc.) hidden underneath the leaves and 5 shrimp on the side of the plate. I should have taken a picture because it just looked down right odd. They needed to add another leafy green in there and way more shrimp. There was no protein in the meal! Also, they obviously tossed all the toppings in with the arugula because they were all on the bottom of the pile. It was basically playing needle in a haystack. 
    The service was okay. Our food was pretty timely. Our waitress seemed really out of it. I guess I could understand since it was a busy time on a Friday. Never came and asked how our food was...
    I will be back here again. I imagine this place is a lot better at burgers and the such. Until that update, my review of this place will stand at 3 stars.came here for brunch and waited 30 minutes for orange juice and 40 minutes for a subpar omelette....It was Me and my babe first time here and I must say we were not disappointed at all everything was delicious down to the lemonade he loved the lemonade those dry rub wings was yummy and those marinated cucumbers was heaven in my mouth and that damn turkey burger lawd Jezuz IT WAS FREAKING AWESOME the atmosphere was nice and our waitress was the bomb lol Our top spot for now  
Yours truly Mrs FoodieGreat for happy hour as they have a vast selection of beers!  Love that! 
When you drink, you need food... and the food here is just ok.  I had the burger which was just ok, nothing special, kind of bland but the fries were OVERLY salty.  With the overly saltiness, you drink more.  I get what they just did here... but it worked!  
All in all, good place for drinks.  The food was ok, maybe I should try one of their Mussel dishes the next time I'm here.Came here on a Friday after work for happy hour. Absolutely was floored by how great this place was. The happy hour special runs till 7pm which is a godsend for those who don't get out of the office until much later. The deals are fantastic. You have a couple choices of $3 beers, some $4-5 cocktails and sangria. The food has some delicious buffalo wings in a creamy mayo-ketchup sauce, pulled pork sliders and quesadillas for less then $5 each. Talk about a great deal! Not to mention that the waitstaff was super polite and attentive, positive experiences all around, come with a small group and get your drink onMade a reservation via open table for 7pm on a Saturday night. Got there on time and we're seated in the upstairs bar section. Waiter came to take our drink order, we waited 15 minutes for a sprite and a beer. Then our waiter seemed to forget about us. We sat for 40 minutes before we decided to leave and go elsewhere. Can't say anything about the food as I unfortunately never had a chance to try it. Very disappointed.This place is my favorite to go grab a sangria at, especially during happy hour. I also like to snack on their jalapeños calamari which is delicious. A lot of their appetizers are definitely good. However, I've tried their regular burger and veggie burger and I can't say that I love it ... Or even like it. They were so dry and burnt. The service is okay, not bad. The atmosphere and lighting at night time is a bit too dark for my liking though and the tables are super close together.3.5 stars
Went here for HH and dinner, and was very impressed with the quality of food. For a bar - on Chestnut - to have such great food...not bad, not bad at all.
The prices are pretty good, esp for food. Only downer is that the wait is pretty ridics and the hostesses are not the greatest - they said they had called us when our table was ready, yet we were just upstairs with perfect cell reception. We came down after 40 minutes of waiting, and they had already given our table away. 
However, the veggie burger is yummy and the different quesadilla options are  good as well.What a tasty burger! After a lot of build up from some non yelp affiliated foodies, I  finally made it Inside the devil's alley. I had heard the burgers were terrific and now I can chime in. They are quite good. 
The service was pretty good too. I went for happy hour and the upstairs was some where between empty and full; It was an ideal amount of other people. My buddy had the veggie burger and thoroughly enjoyed it. The fries were delicious and well done. Really good bun on the burger, maybe a potato roll?
They have an awesome beer on draft and was the special today that I really enjoyed. It was a full bodied wheat beer and a good price.
I came here one other time but walked right out because it was hella crowded.  That was a weekend. No problem this time. Will be back, during the week.Didn't get a chance to eat here, tried to go, and while they had plenty of open seating, could only find the smallest table in the center of the downstairs. Asked for a booth instead but apparently they had so many reservations they couldn't seat us. The downstairs was more empty than it was filled, but they just couldn't find a table for us.Great brunch spot!  Had the biscuits and sausage gravy which was DELICIOUS.  We had reservations for 6 and they seated us promptly.  
The service was extremely slow but not so bad that I would need to remove a star.  Maybe I got them on a busy day...
Will definitely be going back!I came here for brunch on Saturday and the service was awful. I came here with my BF and not one waiter came to get our order and we had to wave down someone to order. We then waited 40 minutes to receive our meal. Maybe we were sitting in the wrong section because other people seem to get their food pretty quickly, even the people who came after us. Perhaps they don't have enough waiter working on Saturdays or we were in the wrong section of the restaurant. The bartender ended up bringing our food and apologizing for the wait. 
I did enjoy my pancakes with a side of sausage though. It was delicious--the pancakes were perfectly crispy and fluffy at the same time. The sausages were pretty sizable and juicy. In addition, I got the grapefruit fizz--to me it was mostly juice and no fizz.
I would have given the place four stars had we gotten our food earlier.Devil's Alley has an awesome cobb salad, that's the only thing I've gotten there because it's just that good.  Not only is it tasty, but it's HUGE!  The atmosphere inside the restaurant is also cool, and the service is good.  If you're looking for a salad fix, try this place!  I'm sure they have other good stuff, I just can't seem to stop ordering the cobb!I've never had a bad meal here! Amazing service, good food, great drinks. Always a good time at Devil's Alley!We enjoy this place! We come here mostly for brunch and it is delicious! I got the steak and eggs and was cooked to perfection. Our server was great and had an awesome personality. I would recommend trying this place out.This place has very solid food and I crave the Chorizo burger when I haven't had it for a while.  The dry rub chicken wings are delicious and the pizza special is usually very good.  The space is good and you have the option of outdoor seating on a nice day.
Just make sure you have an hour and a half for lunch if you come around noon, because you are not going to get out of there quickly. The food takes forever and you often have to flag down a waiter if you need something.  Worth it, though.Deviled alley is a fun sports bar with a side of eatery very reminiscent of good dog if you've been there. They have some awesome food and solid drink deals. The wings were pretty spectacular and all at a solid price. The place was well arranged and definitely have the vibe of a "devils alley". The seating was alright and it definitely felt a bit tight at times is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars!I came here on 2 separate occasions, both for drinks. First time on a slower night, we sat upstairs at one of the tables next to these creepy paintings we spent a significant amount of time trying to identify contents of the artwork. 
They had pretty decent drink specials, I ordered a few beers. Variety of beer species present. 
Second time I came was after a failed attempt to go to one of those outside drinking places on the last night of sips. Ain't NOBODY got time to wait on that line. I haven't waited on lines to enter a bar since Kildare's at UD circa 2012. Good old days. 
Finally my friends came to their senses and decided to go elsewhere. I had been to this place before so I suggested it and for reasons that escape me, my friends trusted me enough to give it a shot. 
It was pretty crowded on a Wednesday night but we managed to squeeze ourselves into a table upstairs. They had good drink specials, I tried their sangria which was 85% ice but the part that was liquid was very good. 
Some people at a table next to us got food and it looked amazing. It might just be bc I'm obsessed with eating but I was very tempted to order some for myself. I was able to refrain but I am definitely interested in trying some of the food here in the future. 
It was fun! I spent the whole time being depressed about having to work the next day but that would have been anywhere. I think this is a good choice for a few drinks and/or food.I have lost track of how many times I've visited Devil's Alley.
A friend suggested the restaurant during a day trip to the city in 2011, and it subsequently became my go-to place.
Never once have I had a bad meal here, the servers have always been accommodating and I never feel rushed. It's in a great location.
Make sure to try their whisky sour, too. And visit the basement bathrooms.
In all: not a bad word in this review.***Not allergy friendly*** Food wasn't that great and the waiter did not tell us that all the food was fried together. We did ask and they said they would check. Did not let us know until we had the food served. They have almonds in some of the food. One member of our party was unable to eat any of the food. very disappointed.Food was delicious and cool decor. Just didn't like sitting in the middle of the restaurant like a floating island.Devil's Alley was the start of a great night out in Philly with 3 of my good guy friends this past weekend (2/2014). A heads-up call by my buddy Jeff, landed us a reserved table upstairs. As soon as we walked in, we were escorted up to our table--In my opinion, one of the best seats in the house--window side corner with a view of everything.
We were warned the services wasn't great, and that was true, however the server herself should not be blamed. It looked as though the place was simply under staffed. Once our drink orders were in, the beers came out pretty quickly. All 4 of them were microbrews, some from local breweries. And all were very tasty. From there we had no choice but to order a second round of microbrews followed by their rubbed wings and brisket-topped nachos. Both rich and savory--the rub on the wings was just enough spice and the sweet brisket on the nachos was a neat addition. The nachos also came with a pile of fresh guacamole, which you can never have too much of.
We opted for varying burgers and sandwiches with their signature spicy fries. The burgers were all cooked to perfection--and the brisket sandwich and pulled pork were so delicious, we opted to celebrate with yet another round of brews! 
The prices were good--especially for eating in center city. The overall experience kicked off a great night on the town in old Philly. I would do it again! And I would definitely do the Nugget Nectar Double IPA again...!Great brunch and lunch spot.  their burgers are good and their fries are one of the best around.  The buffalo chicken sandwich is one of the go to favorites for everyone I know.I love Devil's Alley. I've had so many good experiences here, The food is excellent, drinks are relatively cheap (for the area and comparable restaurants), and the staff is generally friendly and quick. Sure Drinker's is cheaper, but if you're NOT looking for cheap soco lime shots and a frathouse vibe then Devil's is your spot. The two can't be compared. 
The post before mine, from Katrina, details the specials, or else I would. Great happy hour food and drinks!
I would love to give 5 stars, but I can't.
My complaint came recently on a random late night trip there. I stopped by for a nightcap a few Fridays ago, and it took probably 5 minutes to get a whiskey on the rocks. Sure 5 minutes isn't long, but seeing the bartender just hanging out with friends and taking shots instead of serving me was not very professional. Now I take no issue with a bartender having fun and taking a few shots; I think everyone else then has fun too, but at least get the customer a drink BEFORE you pour yourself TWO. And then I was served the wrong whiskey and quickly told the price with a slur. After all that, I was going to get another drink, but the bartender never came back to check on me. 
Overall, Devil's Alley is a great spot I could never give up. I just got unlucky, but it really was a downer for my night.
Looks like I'll stick to their happy hour.
-John WiedermanStopped in here for a group lunch, and loved what I got. The service was definitely slow, but we came at lunch hour... but they definitely never checked up on us, and left my appetizer plate even after they brought me my entree. It was weird.
I got the fried green tomatoes! I hear they only get the tomatoes in once a week, so they run out at some point. Mine were mostly on the yellow side (a little sweeter and tender, versus crisper and sour). IT was a little bit of a bummer, but I just love fried green tomatoes so much I was still thrilled! :)
I also had the beet, goat cheese, arugula, and candied walnut salad. The weird thing about this salad is that all the things that go on top... were on the bottom. I had to eat through the arugula to discover SO MANY BEETS on the plae under the salad! Too may beets, really. This salad was delicious and mostly refreshing, but I think it would have been better as arugula, goat cheese, a little bit of fresh beets, and not-candied walnuts.
Everyone else got burgers, and they looked ridiculous, not to mention ridiculously yummy. So many came with this onion ring/fry combo that was a tower of exploding grenade firework onion fries! One guy got his burger plate to go, and it came in 3 boxes. Quite the meal! The fries were well-seasoned and hearty:)
Loved it, loved the atmosphere with open natural light and indoor trees, and can't wait to go back and try more!
Also, apparently some beer just came on tap and when they do that they're 3 dollars or something. My fiance got a victory headwater pale ale pint and it was less than getting a bud light pint! Half the table was excited, the other half deflated. Womp womp!This is long over due. I've only been here once and it was a while ago. A large group of us went for dinner, there were 20 to 25 of us split over 3 tables.
The service was excellent, the beer and drink menu was good. I believe we all enjoyed our meals. I had a steak I forget what cut but  I do renumber is was done to perfection and was good. 
I'd return to this place as it was a good time.Love the atmosphere here, and the food is soooo good! Especially the crab, bacon & jalapeño mac n cheese!!!The first time I went to Devil's Alley I ordered the turkey burger and wasn't really impressed. It was a little generic. The overall setting was great so I thought that I would give it a second try. Yesterday I ordered the chorizo omelet and it was great! My friend ordered the Monte Carlo and he said that it was delicious! The restaurant was pretty busy and you could tell that everyone around was really enjoying what they had. The only complaint that I have is that the waiter was all over the place and hard to get a hold of. Other than that I'd definitely go back!HAPPY HOUR. Everyone should come here for happy hour. It's super cheappp:
$2 and $3 beers
$3 and $4 well drinks and wine
$5 Pomegranate Sangria (probably changes weekly)
$5 chicken wings
This place is also great for groups during hh. You can enjoy the specials sitting in the bar area or sitting in the restaurant section even if you aren't buying food. (I hate it when restaurants will only serve hh at the bar).
In addition to the hh, the food is actually very good as well. I frequent here regularly when I don't have reservations for somewhere else. I can always get a tablein this big restaurant even if it's the weekend (compared to what it looks like outside, it's quite spacious inside). The menu ranges from sandwiches to barbeque to flatbread pizzas. You can definitely find something to please your appetite. The chicken dish is cooked very well - tender and juicy. You get your choice of either a half or whole serving with the option of dry rub spice, barbeque or plane  to enhance the taste. The whole chicken is literally a whole chicken. Be sure to get it only when you are hungry or else there is no way you can finish the whole dish. You also get two sides that you can choose from a plethora of barbecue options (think mashed potatoes, broccoli, corn on the cob, etc). 
The service is attentive and the ambiance is cool. Did you know that it's named Devil's Alley because it actually use to be an alleyway? You can still see the exposed brick on the inside.Overall, the price is right and the food is good. A great recommendation for Center City.I had taken some friends from out of town here as it was close to their hotel.  Overall it was an enjoyable experience for lunch.  My order was partly incorrect and I had to ask for it to be corrected (which I just hate doing).  It was a kitschy place with fun ambiance and their grilled chicken wings are D E L I S H!Having passed this place a few times, I finally chanced to try it out with a few friends.  Our seat was somewhat near the door so it was a bit draftier than expected from my seat.  My friend and I both got the eggs benedict, which also came w/ potatoes, and we were both pretty satisfied with that - definitely cleaned our plates. Unfortunately, our other friend's roasted veggie sandwich was sadly disatisfying - the sandwich and the veggies were all soggy, so she ended up not eating it at all and just eating her French fries.  So that was a bit of a disappointment.
As some of the Yelp pics allude to, the bathrooms are located down a flight of steps in a sort of creepy-looking basement area.  The sink was a long common wooden sink that seemed to be from 30 years back.  Overall, I was just relieved to escape back upstairs (owing to a weird fear of getting trapped in places).  Soggy roasted veggie sandwich withstanding, we had an otherwise decent eating experience here and I'd likely come back again for brunch in the future.Devil's Alley always delivers great food and service.  I love their happy hour too because the drinks are cheap (last night it was $2 Yuengling and $3 for some delicious creme beer, $3 house wine and $5 bbq pork sliders which were amazing, $3 veggie quesadillas).  I've been here for brunch as well as drinks and the brunch is really yummy.  They had a wide array of choices and everything I tried was delicious (eggs benedict, skillet baked chilli, french toast, burger).  Also, their salads are enormoussss.
When it's nice out I like to sit out on Chestnut while other times, I sit inside in what feels a little like the Rainforest Cafe.  It's a cool setting though and one of the tables is a stone bench like the ones you see in Europe or outside churches.  This is a good bar with good food and right near Rittenhouse Square!We were seated quickly. Only complaint...it's very loud. I had the 3 course dinner with accompanying beers and it was delicious!!I've had take out from here a few times. I don't think I'd ever eat in, it's super dark, not very appealing. Their food is OK. Not amazing. I've only been a repeat customer because I work close by. The chicken caesar salad was pretty bad. Pulled pork was OK not great.A much more tolerable and laid back Center City bar/restaurant.  While I haven't felt inclined to have a full meal here, I've really enjoyed sharing their appetizers during several happy hours and the beer selection is pretty solid.  If you want a relaxed bar atmosphere where you can generally hear your friends, this is a great choice.  I don't think I've been here late night though, so I can't speak to the volume after hours.  Overall best bar in that area.
On a personal note, grabbing a beer upstairs on the deck is the ideal way to pass time when you're in between sets at First Unitarian.  I'm also partial to places that serve fried green tomatoes.   Yum.Excellent service.  Recommend the Mac and cheese with the tomato jam - delicious and filling.Great time with yummy food and drinks.  Dry rub wings were excellent and spicy.  Nachos were mega packed with goodies.I recommend the Strawberry Lemonade pitcher of alcohol!!It's not the best place to be if you wanna perfect service .. However, the food was fairly large portion and worth the $$ the burger was good too. I like the atmosphere, it has bar & u can chill out and the decos was contemporary.I went here for the first time yesterday with friends for CC sips and boy it was HOT! I'm hoping their AC broke and it's not always that hot- there were a few fans placed around the bar area upstairs, but they weren't very helpful and people where hoarded around them. My friend Anne and I both has the $5 peach sangria which was yummy but watered down from what were used to with sangria. I would advise trying the $3 beer special - it was a bit sweet but good. The vibe was cool but the bartenders were not super friendly.. but 97 degree heat will do that to you. 
I would go back here and be open to trying the bar out again but probably not during sips... or when it's hot out if there's no AC.
See sangria photo below!Since moving to Philadelphia, Devil's Alley has been one of my go to's! Great atmosphere, great selection, nice place. They staff is super relaxed-maybe not the best place if you're in a hurry. But definitely the place to be for a nice night out!