This was my second time at Devon. I ordered the lobster bisque soup, which was delicious. I ordered the lobster Cobb salad as my entree. It was a big salad and was very good (a good amount of lobster). Oh and I can't forget the yummy, warm biscuits! Doug was our waiter and he was very nice.The food is amazing, the cocktails delicious, and the service great. HOWEVER, the restaurant was BOILING HOT! There are these floodlights that were beating down on me. I was literally dripping sweat. My glass on the table was under the light and all the ice had melted, whereas the water glasses of the other people at my table still had ice in them. I looked around the restaurant and saw people at other tables with sweat dripping off of them. I switched seats temporarily with someone at my table and they couldn't sit in my seat for more than 5 minutes. When we said something to the server he said "yeah, join the rest of us", and another server on the way out said that this is something they frequently talk to the manager about, but has not yet been fixed. I was so miserably hot and uncomfortable I couldn't focus on how delicious the food was.My favorite seafood restaurant!!! Great service. Greater food. I have a good time everytime I go. I recommend the lobster bisque of course as well as the duck flatbread, crabcakes, and the surf-n-turf.Perfect Sunday funday spot. 1/2 price bottles of wine under $100 and 25% off over $100. Very attentive wait staff and great people watching on the square!Outstanding customer service given by bartender Greg. Made my girlfriend and I feel extra special.  Awesome dining experienceLunch food quality is decent overall.  One star down for overly sweet menu items.  Removing another star for having their wifi locked and not letting customers use it.  What's the big deal for an establishment of this size and price range to open up wifi?Great ambiance, terrific food...blackened swordfish and lobster Mac and cheese were delicious as was calamari with jalapeño...service was pleasant but slow.A fun bar scene for happy hour.  The happy hour menu is great to pick/mix/share with a friend or two.  Oysters are great.  And the happy hour prices for the bar menu are very reasonable.  Don't look to save any money on drinks, however, as pricey as you will find in the already pricey Rittenhouse area. The regular bartenders are good with a little attitude though.  The new bartenders need some work.
I am a frequent bar customer, had dinner in the restaurant section once, where the food is average or just above, and the service is average or just below.
See ya at the bar, no reason to have a sit down.Devon does not disappoint. I've been here for lunch, restaurant week and dinner.
I love the venue and I was so excited to bring the bf here. Food was fantastic and even though I'd been here before, it was just as good as I'd remembered it to be a few years back. 
The amount of food we ate was overwhelming and perfection in every way imaginable. While I enjoyed EVERYTHING from the yummy biscuits to the delicious shrimp and mussels.. I will NOT forget the Butternut Squash Risotto. OH MY. that's all there really is to say about that because it gave me LIFE. 
Our server was a gem and she made the evening perfect by being so attentive and personable. She really knew her stuff when it came to the wine list which was impressive and was genuinely happy to let us try different wines to find a great pairing for the evening.
To finish this perfect dinner, we had a chocolate lava cake (with a candle for the bfs bday.. yay!). Definitely a favorite of mine and I would love to come back and try out a happy hour.Good food but expensive , for the price they could add a bit more to the menu and the serving sizes, great place and friendly staff... Do not take your date for a walk in the park because the rats are bigger than you areCame here for Restaurant Week with a friend. Our server was the Amazing Matt. Matt was very attentive to our needs and checked on us frequently, but not to the point where it was annoying. (This has happened to me at other restaurants before). Matt was very familiar with the menu and made excellent wine suggestion for what we had decided to order.
The food was nothing short of delicious. I order the Seared Georges Scallops. They were cooked to perfection. Nothing worse than overcooked rubbery scallops. My friend enjoyed her food as well. I tasted her mashed potatoes that came with her lump crab cake,  and they were creamy and.....yummy. 
I must say that Matt took the experience here at Devon's over the top. One of the best servers I've ever met! When I return to Devon's...which might be next week....I'm requesting a table with Matt!This place was recommended to us by someone who use to take his then college aged daughter to dinner when they were visiting. 
We got there 45 minutes early, so we sat at the bar fir a drink and some apps. We ordered the crab cakes and a tuning sushi roll. We literally ordered at 7:02 and missed happy hour by 2 minutes. 
The crab cakes were the best I've ever had. The crab cakes were 100% lump crab meat. They were baked and not fried. The Tuna sushi roll was a total disappointment. The fish to rice ratio was 1:5.  There was a ridiculous amount of rice and no fish. Don't order it unless you like to eat just sushi rice. I mean, they put less rice in the rolls at the sushi buffets. 
I did flag down the biscuit guy and tried the biscuit with the sweet butter. I am not a fan of the biscuits as I prefer the flaky and moist biscuits. These biscuits were dry and hard.
When the party arrived, we ordered the goat cheese bruschetta and the duck flatbread. Both were good appetizers. The bruschetta was served differently in that the toppings were not already on the bread. The ingredients were on the plate, but we had to assemble it ourselves. It's fine, but difficult to share as people had to wait turns.
For an entree, I ordered the broiled Baramundi with mashed sweet potatoes and the lobster Mac & Cheese. I've never had the Baramundi before, but when the waitress said it was a mild, flaky fish high on omega 3s, I was sold.
I couldn't find any lobster in the mac & cheese. The sweet potatoes were fine. The fish was perfectly cooked and it was soooo juicy.  Definitely would get this again.
Fortunately, I also tried some of the charred tuna steak.  That was cooked perfectly too. Didn't need a knife at all. They really must use sushi grade tuna for the steak. Sometimes, I find that restaurants don't use the sushi grade tuna.
Didn't have room for dessert, the menu looked good.The food and atmosphere were delcious!!!!! Enjoyed a nice dinner! Waitress was nice as wellamazing food and great service.  place is wonderful and very friendly.  the price is very worth it.  vantage say anything bad about the place.  love it so much.  every dessert is amazing no matter what you get.Devons is always a great experience! Whether it's for a cocktail during happy hour (the happy hour specials are great), girls night out or a romantic date, you're guaranteed to enjoy yourself! The first time I went to Devons was not planned. My friend and I was looking for somewhere to eat and have cocktails during happy hour. The food was awesome it was very fresh! First we shared crab cakes (they are my favorite) as starters then both ordered the seafood mixed grill as our entree. It was awesome!!! I was hooked and have been a customer for the past five years. The atmosphere is sophisticated but welcoming and laid back. It's very clean and decorated nicely. The servers are great, very polite and professional. The food is pricey but it's well worth it. I am rarely disappointed when I go to Devons! What a great place, I recommend Devons to all of my friends and family!!!Great atmosphere food & drinks. Came here on a first date will return as a regular. The staff was friendly & prompt. The food was excellent. The waitstaff was more than accommodating it was an overall excellent experience. I highly recommend this place for the seafood lover.Enjoyed my meal. The seafood was fresh and flavorful. I will come back again to try to
different menu items.Great Oysters. I want to go for happy hour and get 1 dollar oysters. Delicious seafood in general.I was invited to Devon's for my gf's birthday dinner late April 2015, which I was excited about because my first time dining there was pretty awesome.  However, this time the host was very rude and uninviting upon our arrival.  I understand that we could not be seated right away because our entire party wasn't present at the time, but I do wish that you would direct us in a kindly manner to either the bar for drinks or simply wait patiently in the waiting area or outside -- no, she just told us in a very non-chalant manner that once our entire gets here that we'll be seated PERIOD.  I just rolled my eyes and said "ok" like tf? 
Despite the hostess BS, our waiter was nice, the food came out delicious, and even the bar tender was very attentive to us while we were waiting for the rest of our friends to arrive.  I would've gave Devon's a 4 star had it not been the hostess attitude towards us, for what reason (?)  I still have no idea!
I said give them a shot because food is good, the atmosphere reminds me of the Great Gatsby era which is different and cool, I like it.The food is really good! My mother, sister, niece and I went on mothers day after the breast cancer walk and the food was really good! The mussels are TO DIE FOR!!!! the crab cakes are seriously delicious!!!! Highly recommend this restaurant!!! Also, Chef Walker is an AMAZING chef!!!!I had one of the best meals here.  Started with the calamari and it was light and crispy.  For the main, I had the the crusted tuna.  It was amazing!  The service was a little slow but was a good experience..Excellent fresh fish. Great variety of fish and shellfish.  Aldo very good service . Excellent selections of wine by the glass.Went in during restaurant week for lunch. Got the Lobster bisque, cheddar shrimp frit, and triple chocolate moose. Everything was as good as it gets. Will be going there again soon.My sister and I went to Devon on a Friday night for drinks and apps at the bar. I was a bit underwhelmed, but considering it was restaurant week and a peak time, I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt.
All the cocktails on the menu looked delicious. Unfortunately our strawberry basil mojitos were hit-or-miss. One was fine and one tasted like straight rum. Another customer next to me also received a poorly-mixed drink. I realize they were busy, but I'd rather wait a little longer for a well-made cocktail than be given a crappy one.
As far as appetizers, I tried the lobster roll and crab cakes. Both were good, though nothing to write home about. I expected a fancypants seafood place to have amazing seafood. Maybe I chose poorly, though, because my sister was digging her chipotle shrimp, and my neighbor's lobster mac and cheese looked pretty darn good.
Perhaps my expectations were too high, or the service/quality that night was a victim of the insanity that is restaurant week. I might go back for a weekday happy hour.Went here on a date the other night.. we sat at the bar and had to ask 4 times for a glass of water.  No one asked if we wanted refills on drinks.  Its a great spot, nice restaurant, and alot of potential.. but bad service can be a killer.Went last night for a wonderful family outing with my boyfriends family- for all of the hype I was significantly underwhelmed by the service at Devon. I will say the food was above average for the most part- crab cakes, lobster roll appetizer, lobster bisque and biscuits- all delicious. Everyone at our table who got steak reported it was cooked perfectly- however my swordfish was dry (ie sitting under a heat lamp too long) and another member of our party had the grouper- which was undercooked...seafood is your speciality? However, the most disappointing part of this restaurant was the server. In addition to not correctly getting drinks right or out in a timely fashion, she managed to spill one all over one of our groups shirt. There was no recovery attempt made in any way, the incident was not even acknowledged by our server.  In addition, the entire restaurant was too smokey- while this was no ones fault, it is worth noting. I would have expected the level of service from an Applebee's- in fact I've had better there. The saving grace was that I was lucky to be in great company.This place is great. I especially liked the lobster bisque- the best I've had in forever. This is a great place for standbys, I wouldn't go here for a "culinary adventure" but if you want an amazing crabcake, perfect bisque, delish house salad, the BEST mussels in white sauce, then this is your place. 
Even though other reviewers said the service wasn't great, they were older reviews...there was a waiter and a bus person and both were totally on their game. You'll be psyched.Seafood was delicious. Highly recommend the mixed grill. Surprisingly, I really enjoyed the salmon. Unfortunately, the waiter did not bring our table bread, but it did look delicious. Sat outside, beautiful night to people watch.We went with a group of 7 and were seated right by the kitchen, which, wasn't a real issue, because it didn't look like there were many other tables for that size of a group.  We ordered the large tuna sushi for the table, just to try.  It was fresh, but I didn't think it was any better than any other sushi place.  Everyone had different dishes, but no one was blown away.  Seafood Cioppino was just fair, I had the seared Georges Bank Scallops which were good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  For the prices and what I heard from others I expected to be blown away.  I would consider going back for lunch, just to give them another chance.Decent seafood...I ordered the mixed grill with lobster mac. Scallops and asparagus were yummy. Crab cake was a bit dry and the salmon was burnt. Lobster mac was decent. 
Great atmosphere and nice waitstaff.Went there for dinner. Food was just average. The three stars are for the location (right on rittenhouse sq). Service was fine.
If you care about food quality, I'd recommend The Parc or Rouge which are on the same block and offer excellent food.Went here during restaurant week and was absolutely blown away with the service, selection, and quality of food.
First of all, check in to Yelp or Foursquare to get a complimentary dish of fried calamari. It was fresh, lightly breaded, and came with a spicy mayo sauce and a light version of duck sauce.
I started off by getting a glass of Riesling which was light, fruity, and aromatic. Definitely set the tone for a seafood focused dinner.
The biscuits at this place was out of this world. The outside was firm and had a nice feeling as I broke a piece off. The inside was soft in comparison to the exterior and had a sweet, corn bread like flavor minus the corn.
My appetizer was a gluten free baby green salad with one nuts, raisins, and feta cheese. My main course was the Arctic Filet Char with sweet potatoes. I ended the night with Waffle Banana's Foster with Rum Raisin Ice Cream. All of which were delectable.
I was expecting small portions since it was an upper class restaurant, but was happily surprised at how satisfied I was at the end of the meal that I couldn't finish my dishes.
I highly recommend this place of your looking for great American style seafood.Came here for restaurant week on Friday afternoon. The place was packed, the restaurant was huge with a very nice atmosphere. We were seated shortly after arriving. Started off with the baby greens. I didn't really like it. It had different flavors all over the dish. I tried eating a bite of everything on the plate in one fork. Not a fan. 
Had the mahi mahi for the entree. The food was presented very nicely. The fish was super fresh seeing that when I cut into it, it had a nice shine and very flavorful. I just wished there was more of it!!! For dessert I had the strawberry shortcake. I loved it!!! The strawberries were very fresh, the icecream was very good. After the three course meal I was a very full and happy camper.
Aside from the salad that I disliked. The rest of the meal was spectacular. A very good pick for someone looking for  a seafood grille.I went to Devon to celebrate my mom's birthday because she loved seafood and steak.  I ordered the surf and turf option and chose a fillet with scallops. This order was accompanied by two sides, which I chose to be butternut squash risotto and brussel sprouts.  The sides were pretty so so, I could take or leave them.  The scallops were good, not amazing.  The steak was excellent.  I found myself savoring every bite of the steak, not wanting to finish.
I also had an awesome whiskey sour, which is always hit or miss.  
I'd also say Devon was a little expensive, but not exorbitantly so. I felt it was a fair price for our meal.The food here was good, but not amazing for the price and our service was very lackluster. My husband and I decided to hit this place after a long drive to visit Philly for summer vacation. 
It was a busy Friday night but it wasn't slammed. It still took our server, however, at least 20 minutes to even pour us a water and take our drink order. 
We started with the lobster bisque, which was out of this world but things continued to run downhill from there. It took another 30 minutes after our wine was poured to take our entree order. It took another 45 - 60 minutes for our food to appear. Our water glasses were never refilled. We had two gnats swirling around our table (gross) until one finally decided to drown in my husbands cup. There were weird stains on the chairs of our booth. 
When we received our food, my husbands Ahi Tuna was melt in your mouth but the shrimp and salmon in my seafood grill was over cooked and dry. After two hours of mediocrity, I just wanted to leave. I was foolish enough to go to the restroom. I've seen gas stations with cleaner restrooms. I ran for my life. 
For a $200 meal, I would expect them to at least fill our water glasses! Never visiting again.Our concierge recommended this place for sea food.
The decoration was very simple.. really nothing interesting to look at.
The food was excellent. We had a couple of dishes from the sea and I had the steak which came with lobster mashed potatoes.
If you check in on four sq you get a free calamari appetizer, which was also very very good.I am being generous with my 1 star.  I will not be dining here again.  The service was slooooooooooooow.  Had to find our waiter EVERY time.  Need water?  too bad.  Want another cocktail?  Not happening.  We were never asked or given an opportunity.  Appetizers came and needed additional sauce on Corn Fritters.  Yup, you guessed it.  Never found anyone to ask for more.   The fritters were over fried, filled with dry filling, small in size and VERY dry.    New England Clam chowder needed salt.  We will never know if salt helped because none was on table and waiter did not appear for another 50 Minutes.   Dinner came and was ok.  No one raved about anything.  You know how at lease one person in your party will say,"  Wow, this is really good, anyone want a taste?"    No one said that.    Do your self a favor and eat at one of the million other places in Philly.   The bugs flying around the table, which was in the far back of restaurant, was the final straw.  Goodbye Devon Seafood.I only come here during Restaurant week and business meetings and the food is good.  I love their lobster mac and cheese and lobster bisque.  Had a few other dishes that were good, can't complain.Stopped in for dinner at the bar while traveling for business. I've been here two other times and each time it gets worse and worse. The first time was nice, I had the linguine and clams. I had the same on my second visit which was approximately six months later. On this trip the linguine was undercooked and the clams were definitely overcooked.
Tonight I ordered an appetizer of muscles and an eight ounce medium rare sirloin for dinner. I never received my appetizer and waited nearly an hour for my entree. When I received it the steak was cold and dry.  Not a single drop of steak juice from my medium rare steak. It was also very poorly seasoned and lacked any real taste. The service was mechanical at best, feeling more like it was mandatory to be nice. Considering this experience and the price I will probably not be back.Mice in Restaurant 
In town for a convention and had dinner at Devon 
tonight 7/14 for second time in two weeks. After dinner as we were walking toward the entrance, two mice ran out in front of us! Gross! We couldn't believe our eyes!
The manager and hostesses heard our screams and we told them what we'd just seen. The manager asks "were they rats or mice"? Really! That's the question you want to ask customers who have just finished dining at your restaurant?!?! Anyway we left immediately. Never to return.I went here with my family for mother's day and we had an amazing afternoon. The food was amazing and our server was great. He was attentive and knowledgeable, helping us with our order and explaining the menu. Most of us were from out of town and the in-towners had never been for brunch. 
We got a variety of the menu, including oysters, goat cheese bruschetta, ahi tuna, lobster rolls, tacos, lobster mac and cheese and the dumpling appetizer. There were a lot of other entrees on the table that I can't recall, but no one had any complaints. The cheesy biscuits in the beginning were very tasty and all the fish was fresh. I definitely recommend!I love this place. It is so great to sit outside, people watch, have a few drinks and apps. I have been here for a full dinner before and I thought it was just ok for the price. However, I think the bar scene and sitting outside make it a great place. I really enjoy all their appetizers. Also sundays are the best. They do half price bottles of wine, and have ones that cost around $32. So its a great place to hang out and have a bottle of wine on a sunday.Devon is an "older" Philadelphia establishment on the scenic Rittenhouse Square. It's been over a decade since my previous visit, until March 2018.
To be honest, the thought of going here never excited me. I get my seafood down the shore, my meats in steakhouses and my trendy spot fix just about everywhere else. While there's still nothing exciting about Devon, I did have top notch food in an upscale environment.  
My first visit was for lunch. I ordered the seared mahi mahi. I found the portion to be tiny, yet tasty. The butternut squash risotto and roasted Brussels were spot on. Our server was nice, but almost a little over eager and chatty, which I could've done without. We sat by the window overlooking the square, which couldn't have been more picturesque. Of course, the hot bread was top notch; as it was for my recent dinner visit.
My slightly larger group sat in a round table towards the back in our own alcove type area; the semi-private seating was great. As it was dinner, I also got to enjoy a few cocktails (Sparkling Blackberry Martini and Pardon my French) and a glass of Pinot Noir. Spot on mixology with a nice wine selection overall. The oysters were cluch. The fried calamari had a tasty seasoning, in addition to just being fried. The firecracker cauliflower wasn't super hot, but did have an enjoyable kick.
I was happy they let me customize my entree. I literally wanted a little of everything so went with the seafood mix grill. I kept the Cajun shrimp and asparagus, but switched up everything else. Instead of salmon, I had extra scallops. Instead of regular scallops, I was able to get the special scallops of the day. I needed some lobster in my life so subbed in lobster risotto for the Yukon potatoes. Not huge changes, but they accommodated and it made me happy.
While Devon still isn't the most exciting places in the city for me, if someone suggests going there, I think I'll be able to go with high spirits based on my recent solid experiences that left no room to disappoint and enjoyable times all around.I am not a huge seafood fan, but this place was very nice. They had a wide selection of seafood and appetizers as well as a pretty extensive wine list. The atmosphere was great and since we were a party of 6, we got a private table surrounded by wooden partitions and it seemed like we had the place to ourselves! Being in Rittenhouse Square, it was pretty pricey, but I wasn't footing the bill. The deserts were awesome, I had the sorbet trio and the lime-mint sorbet was AMAZING. Try it. Seriously.I want to give this restaurant a better review based on the atmosphere and the food itself, but my experience was ruined by the server, so I'm not sure if I'd go back. Up until the moment I signed the check, I was sure I'd return, but after that moment, I changed my mind.
The server-who had been so nice all evening, loitered while I wrote in the tip. She walked away and instantly came back and snatched up the bill and offered a rather hostile and ingenuine sounding "Thank you" and walked away, looking at the contents of the check folder. Apparently she didn't thing a 15% tip was enough. It really put a damper on our experience.Reservations made for Saturday night!  Seated quickly, no problem. Our server was attentive and friendly. 
My friend had dietary needs and one plate was fine, the other incorrect. Server was able to fix the issue and all was well. 
Food was delicious. My crab cakes were real crab chunks!  A favorite. 
We were over charged for a beverage, but check was fixed. 
Nice restaurant.The Rittenhouse Square Seafood place is good. We've been twice and we'll go back again. The location overlooks the square with a dozen seats on the side walk and a dozen in the window . (The map is wrong... It's on 18th street.)
They have an extensive wine selection. The seafood selection is exceptional. Try the sushi-grade Tuna Steak if  it's on the menu (if you order it more than medium, I'll hunt you done and torture you. Two things should never be cooked more than medium, tune and duck. ;)Expect POOR SERVICE from a waiter named, CESAR!!!
I would have contemplated giving this restaurant 4 stars but, after tonight, no way!
I was dining alone and was seated nearer to rittenhouse square on the bar side (mind you, I did not request to be seated here).  I was immediately served one of their wonderfully buttery, crumbly biscuits.  Having eaten here on two other occasions within the same week, I knew these messylovemuffins required utensils to consume properly.  To my dismay I was not given any.  The waiter (CESAR) brought the menu and asked if I would like anything.  I was not offered a glass of water and had to politely request one.  He immediately turned around to retrieve the water.  When he returned he asked if I was ready to order and so I ordered the lobster ravioli and the grilled artichoke.  He then left.  I was parched and had downed a little over half of my glass by the time he returned to fill the glasses of the table to the right of me, they order another round, left to the bar, and then refilled the table to my left, passing my table for the fourth time.  Still no utensils.  By now my biscuit has gone cold and I'm ready for a refill.  The waiter returns with the drinking tables next round and then proceeds to refill my water where I am forced to ask for my utensils.  He brings them to my table and I politely thank him.  No response...as if I was bothering him by requesting cutlery.  
The table to my right (5 italians...i presume) are boisterously enjoying their cocktails.  Understandable.  But too loud for my liking.  So, I politely ask my waiter if I can be moved to another part of the restaurant bc the table next to me was getting really loud.  He responds, "well, it is a bar."  I responded, "well yes, that's why i would like to move, they are getting to be unbearably loud."  He responds, "yes, because it is a bar".  Rather than address my issue and alleviate the situation he reprimanded me for where the hostess sat me.  
I had had enough of this man by this point.  He was obviously discriminating me because of my age and/or my looks.  (Personally, I thought I appeared very well-kept for a 22-year-old, I had on a J Crew knee length dress and an ann taylor cardigan, pearl earrings and closed-toed flats...I even had on make up and styled my hair.  Based on appearance alone, there's no way one should presume I was lacking money.)
After being re-seated in the dining area and receiving my food I decided how he treated me was not right and I requested to speak to a manager.  The manager heard me out and expressed that he was embarrassed by the situation and offered complimentary dessert (for a graaaand total of $6.50. how cheap.)
In the end I refused to leave a tip and know now to trust my instincts and dine at Parc instead.Had a seafood dinner last week. Was outstanding. Ask the waitress for a recommendation, they do a good job. Neat atmosphere, very good food.The cheap oyster happy hour lured me here.  I was very hopeful about this place and I thought we were set for immediate oyster access when we got prime seats right at the bar.  Oh how wrong we were.  We waited patiently the first few times for the bartender/waiter to notice us for drinks, and then to order oysters and other apps. It wasn't terribly busy either, it just seemed like the servers were busy in their own conversations and being leisurely with taking and giving orders.  Whatever it was  it got frustrating to have to fight for attention each time we wanted to order.  I would like to say I would go back to try a sit down meal but it's unlikely as although i love seafood - not when it's coupled with bad service! Bah.We had a terrible experience here tonight.  This has been in our experience a good but not great restaurant but tonight reached into the depths of very bad restaurants. I can not review the food tonight because after an hour and a half we had nothing but two rolls for four people and a very small Caesar salad.  We could not get a second round f drinks nor any explanation  for the service.  Finally to finish the night when we complained they canceled our reservation so we could not revise that on open table. Needless to say we will not be back. Too bad we go every few weeks and live around the corner.Mixed seafood grill was disappointing...the scallops & salmon were grilled to perfection, but the crab cake was not cooked enough, the shrimp was exceptionally over-seasoned on one side only...the waiter graciously offered a replacement meal, but we passed...Great Happy Hour! Sunday 1/2 price bottle of wine was quite enjoyable along with Buck a shuck oysters. Free Yelp calamari was generous and tasty. Cioppino main course was excellent! And the carrot cake is outstanding! Rita is a wonderful server.I went here for restaurant week with my friends and I had a great time . The service was outstanding,  we never felt rushed or annoyed. Our waiter was knowledgeable and very nice. The food was amazing . I got the salmon Flatbread appetizer and it was out of this world. Then I ordered the lobster bisque and lobster entrée.  They were amazing and cooked to perfection . I expected very small portions since it was restaurant week but nope ! I was so full I didn't have any space for deserts.  I got one either way. It was their mixed berries one (I dont remember the name ) soooooooo good . I'd go again it for a nice dinner (tho everyone was dressed very casual ).Our reservation was ready upon arrival. We were immediately greeted by our waiter Steve. Steve gave the appropriate amount of time to order and shared his knowledge regarding questions we had about some dishes. 
The biscuits and butter were very good but it appears there was honey on the base of the butter that wasn't seen until the butter was empty. The spicy gumbo was delicious but not spicy as advertised. The shrimp cocktail contained 6 jumbo shrimp that were awesome dipped in the cocktail sauce topped with horseradish pieces. The main course was the grilled seafood plate and it was excellent. My wife had steak and lobster and she was pleased. It as her birthday so they presented an on the house dessert of key lime pie and sorbet. 
The biggest negative which may be nit picky was the drink menu was presented with food stains on it. Overall I would recommend Devon Seafood Grill for a nice night out.One of my absolute favorite places to go for happy hour. They have fantastic cocktails and the bartenders Todd, Grace, & Greg are amazing!Came here for a Restaurant Week dinner and the place was packed! Fortunately, I booked a table on OpenTable days earlier. Ambience was nice - dimly lit with comfy chairs. A very busy night but our waiter Andre did a great job keeping attentive to me and my crew (just three of us lol). 
The food was great - from those lovely peppered biscuits with maple butter to the smooth strawberry cheesecake! This was my third time coming here and my two friends' first. They both got the lobster bisque appetizer and the crab cake and mashed potato entree from the Restaurant Week menu. Both had rave reviews at the first sip/bite! One friend even asked to get a set of biscuits to take away! Lol 
I had my usual Caesar salad app with crisp greens, yummy croutons and shaved parmesan. My Mahi Mahi entree was great too, so no surprises there.  We're definitely coming back to Devon!After being a vegetarian for 20 years I decided to resume eating seafood, and I couldn't have picked a better place! We started with some oysters, which were wonderful in both taste and presentation. The chipotle grilled shrimp appetizer was outstanding, and the two entrees were out of this world! In the seafood mixed grill, the shrimp and scallops were perfectly cooked, and the crab cake was delicious. The star of the evening, however, was the char crusted ahi tuna. Of course, the last time I ate tuna it came, primarily, out of a can, but my partner, a seafood lover, agreed that this was one fantastic piece of fish, and I just couldn't get enough! I had a wonderful evening, start to finish, and I look forward to my return visit!On day two of a birthday weekend, we thought we'd stop by an old seafood favorite- Devon- for bloodies and oysters. 
We've always loved the service, atmosphere, food, drinks, and value. Not so much this time.
As soon as we walked in and sat at the bar, we ordered up two bloodies and a dozen ($36) oysters. We discussed the selection with our bartender (12pm, Sunday, January 15th) and thought we were good. 5 minutes after we ordered our oysters, we added on the salmon and potato latke (which was out of this world!!!) We ended up getting our salmon first. Then our bartender told us he forgot to put the order in. We waited more, nursing our one-and-done (intended) bloodies, with which we really wanted to drink with our oysters. It didn't happen that way.
After another inquiry, our bartender apologized for the mistake and said the oysters would be 'right up.'  Well, they weren't and we asked to settle up the bill, noting we had stopped by Devon specifically for oysters,  and needed to move on.  
As we settled the bill, 45 minutes after we ordered our drink and oysters, the oysters arrived. Since we settled up, even though we were still sitting at the bar,  bartender gave to two older ladies at the bar - 'on the house' (quote from the bar tender to the two women. In fact he told the women, 'these guys (us) are leaving unhappy because they didn't get their oysters, but are making you (the two ladies) happy (because they got our oysters for free.)
Did this bartender really give our oysters away for free right in front of us? The ones we were ready to pay for?
While the bloodies, salmon latke and ambiance all tasted great, the bartender left a bad taste in our mouth for the Devon brand.
We ended up going for mussels at Monks instead and spent $100+ - with great service!!!
#ShittyExperience.I personally love Devons. I would come here for lunch often when i interned in philly. The deep fried soft crab she'll sandwich is bomb dot com unfortunately I think it's only a lunch item.I wish I could recall the name of the server because she was excellent, patient, and accomodating. The food was also wonderful - the soups are lovely, the mains were attractive and unique (each persons plate looked so different from the next) and everyone was completely happy. You know how some places are awks when you pay with a voucher etc..... none of that, so gracious. I can't say enough good things, what a great exp.  Only improvements might be sprucing up the lobster tank, and having a place to hang wet coats.As this was my first night in the city for a conference,  I wanted some place that I can just walk in to and out of without waiting too long for service.  The employee at the hotel that I was staying at highly recommended this place, so I took his advice and came here to sit at the bar.
You can't go to a seafood grill and not get clam chowder and fried shrimp!  The chowder was spot on (though not as good as a recent bowl I had in Monterey, CA), but the shrimp was a little overcooked.  Service was decent, and I think it has a bit to do with me being a pretty low-maintenance customer.
Overall, the experience was nothing special.  It'll probably be one of those places I'll try to remember in a few months when someone asks me where they should go since they're going to be in the Rittenhouse Square area, and I'll be like "Oooh yeah, there's this one seafood place I went to.. hmm.. what's the name again.. ?"My boyfriend and I came here for a delicious dinner! First of all, we were able to get some money off by joining the Devon email list here: https://www.devonseafood.com/Email/NewMemberFish.aspx?location_id=96. They send you a $15 off coupon for dinner (but don't expect the email immediately, it usually takes a day or two for them to send it). 
We started the meal with 2 apps -- a crabcake and some calamari. The crabcake was great and definitely had quality crabmeat in it. The calamari was also delicious (and free when you check in on Yelp!) and came with jalapeno and carrot, which was an interesting twist. For the main course, I had the large, tasty scallops with a side of lobster mac and cheese...mmm. My boyfriend ordered some type of fish that I can't remember, but it was also delish. 
Our service was good, but I found it a little weird that it was spit between two waiters who were working our section. Regardless, they received a nice tip for their good entree recommendations and for bringing me more bread without judgement :)Went to Devon this past saturday to meet some friends for drinks... nothing much to report considering we didn't have any food, but service was very good, environment is decent, and of course rittenhouse can be quite nice in the spring.Had a business dinner there and we all went different seafoods - salmon, crab cakes and mahi-mahi.  First time I had fish and mashed potatoes.  Very good combo strangely.  Service was philadelphia friendly and very well timed.  A good bar vibe behind us (quiet again for business discussions).
Great dessert offerings.
Look forward to going again.My wife and I decided to stop down here the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend for an early dinner.   From start to finish, I was very happy.
We started out with the Blue Hill Bay Mussels, they were large and delicious with the garlic and butter broth.  
The crab cakes are simply amazing.  I am usually not a fan of mango anything, but the mango tartar sauce was a great compliment.  As other reviews have noted, the Yukon Gold mashed potatoes are unbelievable...some of the best I've had.  And the asparagus was delicious as well (despite the inevitable after effects).  
The price really isn't that unreasonable, compared to other places.  Decor was fabulous, and the location on Rittenhouse Square is a bonus.  Recommend!The view of the park was nice. The food was suuuuuper overpriced and not so good. I had clam chowder and a lobster roll. Both left much to be desired.We had brunch at the Devon because Parc was booked. And there was plenty of room at Devon. On first glance, the brunch menu looked promising...but it did not deliver once the food arrived.  We chose the omelet with choice of three fillings, home fried potatoes and berries. The omelet was on the small side and the berries turned out to be just one strawberry. The presentation suffered as the plate did not look very full.  The restaurant has potential to be a nice location for brunch with its beautiful decor, nice views and great service. But the brunch menu needs to be upscaled a bit... How about a mimosa or larger portions?Food was great and the service was amazing.  The variety of fish on their menu online was more extensive than in the actual restaurant menu which is the reason for the 4 stars.  Price was was high but otherwise I would return when in the Philadelphia area.After coming back again a year later, I have to say it was well worth it. We were seated right away, and this time we opted for happy hour instead of dinner. We were greeted by our super friendly waiter Shane who went above and beyond the entire to make our experience for my family a great one. With $7 appetizers and super yummy drinks it was very delicious. We had the pacific rum, and my son had the sliders which came with a side of fries along with a scoop of ice cream for desert. My personal favorite was the Tuna poke and my boyfriend loved their oysters. I will definitely be coming back again and their food was very delicious for happy hour. I'm glad I gave them another chance.Great great great. Wonderful time, service with a flair especially,  our server Shane! He makes you feel like you're his only table. Food out of this world, very fresh. Cooked perfect. Fine dining at its best but still relaxed.Good but nothing special...and overpriced.
We went for a family birthday and both our table in the alcove and our server Katie were great. We had the large chilled seafood platter which was delicious and very fresh - but a bit pricey at $95 for what it contained. 
I had the Clam Chowder (good), Vietnamese Spring Rolls (Good), Grilled Ahi Tuna with Broccoli side and cauliflower side (all Good) and then the Cheese Platter as my dessert. Again, it was good and not anything awesome...
My brother-in-law had the only 'bad' dish of the night, his main dish of San Franciso-style Cioppino was bland and had an off taste. Nothing like a real San Franciso Cioppino at all. 
There were green bits in the broth that we felt were either Tarragon or Marjoram but when we inquired, we were assured that there were no herbs in the broth, just tomato sauce. As four of us at the table are pretty serious foodies and cooks, we certainly can taste (and see) herbs in a thin tomato broth.
The manager then loudly pointed out that they had sold a few other orders and had no complaints. A bit defensive considering were were not complaining, just inquiring. We didn't send it back or ask for anything else. 
We found out when we went to pay the bill, however, that our server had made sure they comped us dessert - nice but not necessary and not what we were looking for at all. 
We asked that the comped amount be given to our server on top of her tip.
For 6 of us, dinner was $450.00 and based on everyone's consensus, it was all good but nothing was great or worth coming back for to Devon.Ugh! I had such a bad restaurant week experience here. Normally, I love Devon, but this was a real let down.
For my three courses, I ordered the lobster bisque, scallops, and chocolate mousse cake. I was initially so excited for my meal. The lobster bisque was tasty, but it had so many fewer chunks of lobster meat compared to when I've ordered it here previously. The scallops came out and were medium size at best. When I order scallops at a seafood restaurant, I expect them to be large sea scallops. They tasted great, but as an entree, they should have been double the size they were. The dish came with a flavorless cheesy risotto that was topped with shredded green apples. Such a terrible combination of flavors. And when I thought it couldn't get any worse, they brought me my chocolate mousse cake. The cake was so dry, and the "mousse" tasted like whipped cream that was dyed brown with food coloring -- no chocolate flavor whatsoever. So disappointed!What makes this place is the atmosphere.  On a beautiful warm day, it's really nice to sit toward the front of the restaurant with the doors open looking out onto Rittenhouse Square. My husband, daughter and I dined there after the afternoon show of Wicked in the Academy of Music. We got there around 5:00 and the place was bustling with people sitting outside enjoying ta fun variety of fancy martinis and seafood dishes. The quality of the seafood is decent. Everything we had, we enjoyed. One tip I loved reading on Yelp prior to making my reservation was that if you check in on Yelp when you arrive, you get a free calamari appetizer. And we did! That was a nice bonus. This is a great place for dinner before or after a show or just to meet for drinks and appetizers.Went for my besties' 30th birthday and our server was Krissy. She was amazing! My friend has been having a tough time in her life which she felt better after sharing experiences. Ofcourse all the food was amazing. My bestie had the crab cakes and I had salmon panzanella. My little god daughter also enjoyed the biscuits and chicken fingers. Thank you for helping to make this day more special!I don't give five stars easily but Devon deserves it. The food is wonderful. I've been there for brunch, lunch, and dinner and I was pleased each time. They make the best omelets I've ever eaten. The linguine and clams was great and so is the lobster mac and cheese. I also ordered the heirloom tomato salad with the basil ice cream and loved every bite. The biscuits are kinda dry and would probably taste better if they were warm. 
The wait staff are very welcoming and provide excellent service. We also spoke to Mark, the Manager about my Mom's birthday brunch which will be held at Devon. He explained all of our options for food and drinks and assured us that we would be happy. I will be a regular at Devon!I had jumbo crab cake. I was expecting two big lumps but they were in my opinion a regular size if you go to a store. They are very tasty, not over seasoned with old bay, all crab meat. It comes with two sides. I pick two orders of grilled asparagus. They were perfectly cooked and crunchy with some chopped tomatoes. You get four spears of asparagus per order. The whole meal cost me $25. I think it's a little bit overpriced for what you get. 
Upon being seated you will get warm cheese peppercorns biscuit with maple butter.  The best seats in the restaurant is by the window overlooking beautiful Rittenhouse Square. 
When you sign up mailing list you can get buy one get one meal on your birthday.I was impressed by the friendly staff, especially given how busy the restaurant was at the time. Our waiter took the time to go over every item my sister had questions on, and made appropriate and informed recommendations as needed. The seafood we ordered was both well-composed and well-prepared. I believe I had the halibut, which was recommended to me as being fishier than the salmon or tuna I usually eat, but not overpowering. It was delicious.Came back for dinner and again would still give this place 4 stars overall. We went during restaurant week, and my boyfriend ordered off that menu. I actually had a coupon for a free entree up to $25 that they sent me for my birthday because I'm on their email list, so we didn't end up paying much for our meal! And we checked in on Yelp to get some free calamari, too!
The food was good. My boyfriend ordered the lobster bisque, filet mignon, and creme brulee. The presentation of the bisque was pretty funny -- they bring you out a bowl that has several chunks of lobster in it and a saucer containing the soup that they pour into the bowl, just to make sure you know that there's real lobster chunks in it. The bisque was very tasty, and I gladly helped my boyfriend finish it. He really liked his steak and veggies (I didn't try it because I don't eat beef). And the creme brulee was delicious. The fresh raspberries on top were a nice touch. My dish was just ok. I don't mean to complain about my free entree, but the fact is if you go for dinner, there are only 2-3 entrees that are $25 that you can use the coupon for. I chose the pretzel covered trout. It was just a little too oily for my liking, and the pretzel coating also made the dish a little too salty. It at least came with asparagus to make it somewhat healthy. Anyway, the serving was huge, and I took home enough food for lunch the next day. Even though my entree wasn't the best, the lobster bisque, calamari, and creme brulee made up for it...I will just make sure to choose another fish next time.
PS: they have great outdoor dining here with a nice view of the Rittenhouse Square Park.Devon Seafood Grill is a fantastic option when you're looking for seafood right near Rittenhouse Square. While most of the menu options were a good choice, the sides and free biscuits are really where I enjoyed my dining experience here.
Atmosphere - On a warm summer night, the option to sit inside or outdoor along Rittenhouse Square was a great option. We decided to dine indoors since it was a bit humid, and were treated to a tile and stone area, with white linen tablecloths. Our view in the dining room provided a look in at the well cleaned and attended kitchen, as well as a view of the large bar area with open windows to the warm night outside.
Waitstaff - A proper dining experience, waitstaff attended our tables with clean, pressed shirts and men with black ties. Our server Tatiana made some great recommendations for food and beverages to try, as well as made sure our dining experience was fantastic by checking in on the table repeatedly for drinks and clearing plates as we finished with our food. For the prices here, the level of service matches the quality and price you pay.
Food - Very good. Diners in my party enjoy a mahi-mahi dish which unfortunately came out with standard preparation (which is more of a medium to medium rare) rather than well done. Important point to note, order how you want your food, otherwise standard preparation is the norm. Also came with an asparagus risotto which was fantastic. I enjoy their crab cake dinner which while very good, crab cakes were a bit on the smaller side. But very full of crab and a light breading. Recommend subbing out the potatoes for the lobster mac and cheese, which was very good and paired better with the crab cakes.
Intangibles - Right off of Rittenhouse Square, competition in this area of town is well known, so Devon's prices are fair, with some great happy hour specials on some appetizers and drinks. Highly recommend checking this place out if you're a fan of oysters, as you can get 'em a buck a piece. Parking can be a bit of a challenge in this area of the city, but a short walk from Sansom St. gives you plenty of options. Outdoor dining while nice can be in a cramped area outside, and depends on your guests comfort level.
Overall - Devon Seafood Grill has a lot of worthy options for a nice dinner. The menu selection, and types of seafood stand out and provide those who are heading downtown for the night a number of different options. Would recommend for the older crowd, but kids under 10 may not be the best place to use your dining dollars.