Pretty new but great BBQ. The workers are friendly and there is free ice cream! Nice touchDelicious! The chicken was cooked perfect. I ordered and picked up. When I got in, the people there were so nice too. Definitely going to make this my go to spot for BBQ pulled chicken sandwiches!Stopped by for lunch today to check out this new spot, I am happy I did because their delicious lunch special really hit the spot. For $8.99 I got three big meaty tender fall off the bone ribs with a side of BBQ baked beans and a side of green beans with bacon. Included in the price was a small roll and a large drink if your choice. They even offered soft serve ice cream if which I did not partake. The people behind the counter were super friendly and described each item. Even the plastic silverware looked like real silverware. Not many seats so you may have to take yours to go. Can not wait to go back and try some other goodies.The  barbecue is mediocre. If you are looking for ribs with a smoked or char-grilled taste,  this is not the place to get them.
The sides,  all of them are bland.  The help is not especially welcoming  to customers. 
While  I was there a customer asked one of the male servers "How does the meat taste?"   the server told, the customer, "I don't know, I don't eat pork."
And when I left, they didn't say thank-you for coming, have a nice day nothing.
On the positive side the ribs seem to be of good quality and the meat is tender.This place is great! Good BBQ, relatively cheap. Extremely friendly staff that make it a joy to be there! FREE soft serve ice cream everyday! It's a little small, but the decor is great for a BBQ place. Overall great place and am definitely going to be frequenting it often!This place is amazing! The workers told me they've only been open a few months, but the flavors seem like they're generations long! I had the pulled pork sandwich and my husband had the brisket sandwich...both seasoned and smoked to PERFECTION! The sandwiches were smaller than expected, but they are not stingy with their meat, nor are their prices bad! If I lived in Philly, this would be my go-to smoke stop. 
Oh, and if it's a hot, "smokey" summer day, eat outside or order ahead...NO AC!Got a grub hub delivery from this place last night.. After
Reading the reviews I expected way better food than we got. Ordered the rib platter with potato salad and beans. Also ordered the pulled pork sandwich with fries. The Ribs did not taste smoked at all so I'm guessing the were cooked in the oven possibly? The ribs didn't seem to have any seasoning on them at all, actually they had zero flavor . The texture was wrong as well,just very mushy. The pulled pork was the same , didn't taste smoked and honestly was dry and flavorless. The bbq sauce tasted right out of a jar and was very bland and boring as well.. Potato salad was decent and the beans were the best thing we ate .. Overall this place is a disappointment and it seems my search for real BBQ in Philly continues .We ordered delivery the other night. We did not receive two items we ordered. They refused to refund the price of those two items. While the food was good, I will never reward a restaurant with return business after experiencing poor customer service. Kind of sucks Dickey's.I was pleasantly surprised after eating at Dickey's. 
After building up some confidence, My buddy and I walked in the goofy corner joint and ordered some meat. The pulled pork and mac and cheese were good, the brisket was a bit dry. It was good food, but nothing out of the ordinary. 
The service was what give Dickey's the fourth star. As soon as we walked in we were enthusiastically greeted by two great workers. They hooked us up with food and made sure everything was good to go. Very nice people, made the visit pleasantly surprising.I have to say for some quick BBQ, I don't even remember eating it....I think I looked at it and it disappeared, then again I stopped in at the end of the Craft Beer Express, but I have to say after drinking and the lingering smell that invigorates the sense, it was most appeasing. They have anything your heart desires, mine desired a pulled pork sandwich with a side of chips and a large sweet tea! If anyone is in the mood for BBQ and Sweet Tea, please put this on your list, it was amazing and I would most certainly recommend anyone to stop by this place for some really good BBQAt the end of February, Philly's South Street saw the arrival of Texas BBQ chain Dicky's.  When I walked in the staff was really friendly and attentive to all customers, some real southern hospitality to set the mood. The small space clearly has a fast food vibe to it,  so it was hard to be super optimistic about what sort of bbq they were packaging up for our to-go order. On the other hand, Dicky's has its Texas roots and some smokers in the back.  There are 9 types of meat on Dicky's menu. We sampled 4 and found a clear winner.
If you are sharing, you can try the 3 meat plate for $13, that comes with a a few ounces each of any of 3 of the bbq meats, a roll, and 2 sides.
To my surprise, I didn't abhor any of the meats we tried. The  St Louis style ribs were  not very meaty but had a a nice sweet sauce on them.  The pulled pork also had a good flavor, but was dry and needed a plop of bbq sauce. The best of the 3 in this plate was the sliced beef brisket. Obviously this is no Franklin's, but it had a real smokey flavor and a good balance of fat throughout.
For our side, the mac and cheese was bland and disappointing. The Baked Potato Casserole was a bit bitter better- a mix of mashed potatoes, cheddar, and supposedly bacon (though we barely found any).
I am glad we picked up an extra side, the waffle iron fries, which are fried to order when we came to pick up our meal and came out nice and crispy.
Our favorite of the day was the big barbecue sandwich with chopped brisket- the sandwiches comes with whichever meat you pick, plus pickles, onions, and sauce for $5.50. Perhaps they use fattier pieces of the brisket, but the chopped pieces seemed more moist and flavorful than their sliced counterpart. Pick this sandwich (or the meat on its own), plus a side of those waffle fries and you have a really solid under $8 lunch.
Don't forget to pick up extra bbq sauce and free soft serve vanilla ice cream on your way out.My boyfriend brought me here on my birthday (at my request) because he spoke so highly of his previous experience here. We ordered ribs and a pulled pork sandwich to go, along with a couple of sides. I love bbq and Dickey's did not disappoint.Great BBQ, great prices! Used them on Grub hub, speedy delivery!Dickey you disappointed me....
Just to clarify I'm basing my rating off the salad I ordered. Not the most typical nor traditional item to order when enjoying BBQ, but I like to keep it somewhat healthy.
To me what makes a BBQ place is brisket, house sauce, and good ol' fashion cornbread. I wasn't too impressed by any of these @ Dickey's. The brisket was a dry and practically flavorless. How is that even humanely possible? It's brisket for Pete's sake! The sauce was thin and too spicy which is overwhelming and doesn't compliment the BBQ. Let's just say it was pretty generic. And no cornbread, wtf?
The best thing about Dickey's was the service fast, friendly, and everyone wore a smile.
The structure of Dickey's is setup like a franchise. So as we all know when franchising happens quality goes out the window. Boo! This is the last you heard from me Dickey.
#JustDigItI had a pulled pork sandwich that was a little dry, and the barbecue sauce lacked that real zing of the best places, but the free ice cream made up for it.We love our BBQ and being from South Carolina, my standards are pretty high. This place satisfies my BBQ fix without a lot of fuss. We got the pulled pork by the pound (we got it pulled, but you can also get it whole and pull it yourself later on), mac & cheese, and onion straws and everything was really good. Nice addition to South Street.Yummy!!! Very good ribs and brisket.  Love the slaw and beans.  Employee's are helpful and friendly.It's been a really long since I have been to a place where the service far outshines the food but a recent trip to Dickey's fixed that problem. 
I have been to another Dickey's franchise in Texas and was looking for some good BBQ. Here's what I got:
-dry brisket. Granted, it was freshly sliced from a hunk of beef wrapped in saran wrap that was stored in a warmer. While my meat was fat free it was deviod of any moisture as well. Even drenching it in Dickey's somwhat watery sauces did not help much. Oh, and it was only lukewarm. 
-dry pulled pork. Also conveniently stored in saran wrap, my portion, surreptitiously served from a "brick" of pulled pork suffered the same ills as the brisket. While it did have a good flavor to it, dry and lukewarm are not how I like my pork.
-baked beans. Decent but uninspiring. At least they were warm and not dry.
-onion string-type things. Oddly enough, this was the best part of my platter. They were tasty and tangy and lightly breaded. Not at all greasy either.
-key lime pie. Obviously made nowhere near Dickey's, served prescliced in a plastic container. Don't laugh too hard but it was really good. 
-the other half also partook (is that even a word?) in the free soft serve and deftly assembled a perfect-looking small cone despite not doing this since being a teenager. The verdict was that it was just ok (but it was free of course).
As I mentioned before, the highlight of this shoebox-sized outpost of Dickey's was clearly the staff. They were humourous, friendly and accomodating and seem like they would be fun to hang out with. They added a star to my review. Maybe I'll stop back to say "hi" and get a soda and a piece of pie. But not the BBQ...For quick, no hassle and delicious bbq, I recommend Dickey's. Dude behind he counter walked me through their process and made me feel like we became fast friends. 
I got the pulled pork sandwich. Homeboy did not lead me wrong. The depth of flavor between these buns was unreal. The pork was smokey; the sauce wasn't too sweet and had a perpetual tang; the onions were freshly sliced; I can't believe the deal I received on such a flavor bomb. Much better than Percy Street, the higher priced and lower quality joint up the street.I drove by one day and saw a bright yellow sign.  It was sometime in January.  I love BBQ and I couldn't wait for this place to open up.  After driving by a few more times and it not opening yet, the anticipation was building up.
The day (two weeks ago) came and I just so happen to drive by and, at last, it was indeed open.  I walked in and was very underwhelmed by the size of this place.  How could a place this small make good BBQ???
To my surprise, the anticipation that was pent up, was not disappointed.  Dickey's was pretty darn good.  I got the two meat combo (Cheddar sausage and pulled pork) with mac and cheese jalapeno baked beans.  
The meats were cooked perfectly and delicious and the jalapeno baked beans were awesome!  The mac and cheese; however, was nothing special.  It reminded me of Stouffer's.  That isn't necessarily a bad thing, but not what I was hoping for.  For that, they lost a star.
I will definitely be back and I am looking forward to channeling my inner fat kid when I do.  I am going for the three meat combo next time.
P.S. the all-you-can-eat soft serve ice cream was a great happy ending!  The staff was also extremely friendly and welcoming.Dickey's is now my go-to place for BBQ.  Their meats aren't seasoned as well as other places but their BBQ sauces are amazing and make up for it.
I always come in for the daily specials.  A great deal for a complete meal.  The onion tanglers are really good and a must try.  The buttered roll is garbage, don't know why thats even included.  They also have free soft serve ice cream.I have 4 children,3 of them are little.  Kids eat free on Sundays with a purchase. I got dinner for them yesterday, Wednesdays deal kf the day was a Westerner with pork and sausage with 2 sides and a 32 oz drink...$8.99...This meal fed my 3 littles, and they LOVE DICKEYS.Seeing that I've lived in South Philly for a while but I haven't tried this place, I decided to give it a chance.
 I ordered the Westerner and my friend got some ribs and beef, thinking that we'd be able to satisfy our barbecue craving. However, upon eating, we noticed that the meat was dry and each bite left our mouths feeling like the Sahara. 
For my sandwich in particular, it was a small sized sandwich that tasted alright but definitely was not worth its price.Dickey's is delicious. I'm not out here claiming I CAME FROM THE SOUTH and all this and that. All I can say is that this place has very good BBQ. The Ribs are incredible. The sides are incredible. Overall, its just really good. I hate when people review and claim they are FROM THE SOUTH meaning they know everything about BBQ. YOU DONT. Just because you went to the local 711 for chicken and milk doesn't mean you know what BBQ is. "HAILING FROM THE SOUTH" I KNOW EVERYTHING".  Man these dudes know NOTHING.  This spot is delicious. Love reading the "southern" people comment about how much they know about BBQ. YOU DONT KNOW THE ALPHABET.Excellent BBQ! I had the turkey with a side of jalapeño beans and Caesar salad. Everything was very fresh and full of taste. The different sauces are great too. As an added bonus, the service is great too! The owner made sure we were taken care of and he let my friend try the ribs when we walked in (just to prove how good it was). I'll be back!I work on south street, so any new place to eat is super exciting. I've been to Dickey's at least 10 times now and have never been disappointed. Not only is the food great, but everyone that works there is sooo nice. Like they are happy with what they're doing, and it really shows. Love that big yellow cup.If I lived in Philly, I would be here OFTEN!
I was in Philly for a business trip and a friend recommended this BBQ pit. I was NOT initially impressed when I walked in BUT the greetings of the workers quickly changed my first impression - everyone was very nice (even the others who were waiting to place orders). It was almost as if I were back home in DC!
My order was taken, didn't wait to long to get the food. I placed mine as a to-go order even though I knew that I would be eating outside at one of the 3 or 4 tables. I'm happy that I did say to-go. I wasn't able to eat all of my food and drink my huge sweet iced tea (in the BIG YELLOW CUP).
The food was delicious.
One of the guys even came out to make sure that I was enjoying my meal.
They also have ice cream! You can get a free cone that you help yourself to, if you so desire.
I'll be back.
ps...  I ate the rest of my food when I got back to my hotel later that evening.Love this place. The pulled pork sandwich is so good. They also have the best ice! (Weird, I know but it really is) I walked by this place on south street many times before stopping in and I'm glad I finally did.Had the Rib Platter. It was excellent. The meat fell off the bone. I ate at the counter. I was looking for a barbecue restaurant in Philly where I didn't have to be seated and had quick service. The sides were very good too. First time I ate at a Dickey's and I will return.Read today in Philly.com that restaurant is closed for good. What happened to this great food establishment? Loved it here((Having come into BBQ late (don't hate me!), I stumbled onto this lovely South Street gem the last time I was in town.  I picked up a quarter pound of their pulled pork to share with my 2 year old. Needless to say, I didn't get much.  He ate most of it.  So when I was back in town, I also pulled in the hubby to try it out.  He picked out the BBQ sandwich with the spicy cheddar sausage.  I got my own serving of pulled pork.  Both were as great as I remembered.  Great texture, fabulous full flavor, wonderful spicy meat.  
Highly recommended for the serious BBQ fan.  Just be sure to bring an appetite.Ordered delivery tonight. Everything was cold, that can happen with delivery so we warmed it up. I had the chicken and beef plate. The flavor was alright, mostly smokey. The BBQ beans disappointed and the butter roll wasn't even buttered. Can't say if want to order from here again.Good food, great service.  I got a warm welcome coming into the place and a nice walk through on the menu when they learned that it was my first time there.  I got ribs and it reminded me of being in Austin enjoying quality BBQ.  Philly needs more joints like this.  My only wish was if the place had some tables for me to sit down and eat.. There are only bar stools currently.The best pulled pork sandwich I've had in Philadelphia. The food was phenomenal. The workers were also very welcoming and kind.I love this little corner smoke joint.  You smell wood smoke walking up to it every time I walk by.  They're the only place that does beef brisket right and they do it right every damn time.  Pork and ribs are great too.  Check out the smoke ring.  Best thing for me is that they don't hide the meat with sauce.  You can eat it naked or sauce it up but it's your choice.Overall, I'd say this place is average or slightly below. The staff is great, very kind, explained everything, gave tips on best combos. The food is the cause of the lower rating. Brisket was very dry, tasted like it was out for a while. The beans were a little flavorless. The Mac and cheese was standard..not bad but not amazing. The sauces..3 total..sweet, hot, original were fine, nice that you can try all 3 and very good, hot and in a heated pot. My friend did get the ribs and lived them. I know I said 3/5 stars and I stick by it but it's still worth a shot, a standard meal and friendly staff awaits.Wow!!!! A "real" BBQ place in Philly. Well yes in deed Yelpers. I first heard of this place from my aunt, she had a platter of ribs for Easter and the ribs were amazing. I could wait to go to this spot. I went with both my parents who are also big BBQ fans. We got the rib platter and pulled pork. The sides we got were the waffle fries, fried okra, green beans, baked beans and Mac & Cheese. The ribs were well seasoned and meat was very tender. The sauce was great....not too spicy and not overly sweet. The sauce was just right. I loved the baked beans. The staff was super friendly and welcoming. The also have FREE soft serve ice cream. How awesome is that. The free ice cream will be a big hit in the summer month after having a filling meal. I do wish the place was bigger for seating. Maybe they will add tables to the outside since the weather is warming up. While eating in we saw a lot of people getting take out so they get very busy and the place stays packed. Clearly everyone else in Philly heard this is the place to get BBQ. I look forward to going back and getting a platter of ribs for my birthday BBQ party.Maybe it was because I was starving and tired of wandering Philly by foot, or maybe it was because of the incredibly friendly service, but this was a tasty meal! We ordered a 2-meat plate to share between two. The portions are large enough ~ must be that Texan appetite! Everything was tender and flavorful. Our sides were waffle fries and green beans with bacon. Nix the green beans, but definitely order the waffle fries. 
OH, and the roll is SO GOOD. I tried to BUY a second one, and they looked at me as if I was crazy and just handed me one. :P
I didn't realize that Dickey's was a chain until after the fact, but then I looked up the one near me, and it has bad reviews.. mostly on the service, so I might stop in to check that one out anyway. I want more of those rolls!The BBQ its OK. I didn't get that down south smoke flavor. But all in all I will go back free ice cream kids eat free on Sunday that's a plus.huge fan of quick delicious bbq !! dickies hrs he spot and doesn't empty your wallet. service in store isn't too great but get it to go and you're fine !I'm from Florida and I've been looking for bbq that could satisfy the southern boy in me. I've looked all over philly but dickies is the place. 15 dollar plates for "gourmet" bbq is not bbq. 10 bucks for a pull pork sandwhich and two sides...that's bbq. Pork great, mash potatoes great, beans not fantastic but still good. You want BBQ you go to dickies.Tried this place for the first time today and had to write a review before I forgot to, and before my food coma wore off. 
I would first like to start off by saying that I've had some of the best BBQ and rotisserie meats in Pennsylvania. I know, I know, some of you are probably reading this and wondering what's so great about PA barbecue that would warrant me to be an expert on the topic, but once you've experienced the way the Amish slow cook a rack of ribs - you'll understand why my opinion does count. 
First off the service was super nice and efficient. I came today which is a Monday and asked for the Tuesday 3 Rib special and the manager was more than accommodating. I got the waffle fries and onion tanglers and my cousin got the chicken special with Mac and Cheese and green beans. Every side was beyond delicious and meat was fall off the bone fantastic. Another thing I really enjoyed, although they're a small detail, were the ice chips! Which were tiny cubes like the kind you get at Sonic, I thought they were a totally cute touch. 
All in all, I'll definitely be back. And you should go too!I enjoyed there food it was good I ordered the 3 meat meal ham,brisket&ribs also there fried orkra was great My husband ordered there pulled pork sandwich I tried his too it was good .  good place to grab some on the go BBQ will be going backBarbeque is never my first choice for food. I just don't care much for BBQ sauce. However, Dickey's so far has been my best experience with BBQ in the Philadelphia area. I've had St. Louis/Midwest BBQ in St. Louis, Texas BBQ in a few cities in Texas, and Southern in Tennessee, and Kentucky. Even though I am a northerner, I have experienced plenty, and feel I have a good background to judge. So far I've tried the pulled pork, beef brisket and had a baker. All the meat was moist, flavorful and delicious. The sauce, well, let's just say I really enjoyed it. OMG! The bakers. Ohhh the bakers. The potatoes are HUGE are could be two meals for me.
I love this place. The only thing that would make it better is real cornbread made in cast iron pans with or without jalapenos.Tried a lot of BBQ in Philly and the ribs at Dickeys are right up there as the, or at the very least, among the best. Tender, moist, fall off the bone, smokey, meaty and not overly fatty. BBQ sauce is solid too. Also tried a jalapeño cheddar sausage - tasty.Best barbecue ....always consistent....great taste..very nice  owner.... friendly and personable. ..never disappointed and we order often! !!You get what you expect here. Not bad for fast food chain bbq, but hailing from down south, far from a true BBQ joint.  Because you pretty much should go into Dickey's knowing this, I'm not afraid to stop in here on the fly.
Today, i splurged for the three meat platter, going with the pulled pork, brisket, and cheese filled sausage accompanied with the mac and cheese, and potato casserole.
If i had to rank each, it would go like this...
Pulled Pork: B
Brisket: C- (very dry)
Cheese Filled Sausage: B+
Mac and Cheese: C- (had been sitting for awhile.  Boston Market has a far edge)
Potato Casserole: C (wanted to love, but had been sitting for awhile.  Needed a bit more oomph)
Sweet Tea: A-
Ive been a handful of times before and some of my lower ratings this go around probably would have been a tad higher if I hadn't gone around 3 pm today, and closer to lunch range.  Shouldn't be an excuse but will give benefit of doubt.Oh, Dickey's.  I had been looking forward to trying you.   I want to note that my review was based on a delivery order through Grub Hub.  I ordered a meal with pulled pork, Mac and cheese, and baked beans.  I saw that they had desserts on the menu, so I ordered a cookie. 
Maybe my definition of "dessert" and "cookie" are too narrow, but I don't think that the worlds smallest bag of Cool Ranch Doritos (literally a one ounce bag) qualifies.  I got this instead of I cookie.  This was disappointing.   The cookie was cheap, but I could've been given a heads up if they were out, or had the cost subtracted from my bill.  
The food was really only so so.  My pulled pork had big chunks of fat in it.  The Mac and cheese tasted exactly like Stoffers, which I like, so that's ok.  The baked beans were fine.  Nothing special.  I wish that there had been some mention of the fact that no BBQ sauce would be provided.  
My husband had a platter with brisket and sausage and was equally unimpressed with the food.  It's fine, but there are places that are more to our liking around.It's tasty bbq, and their staff is always super friendly. Their brisket, fried okra and mac and cheese are my favorites. It might not be on the same level as some of the more traditional bbq spots like Percy St and Sweet Lucy's, but Dickeys does more of a fast food bbq and they do it well and at a good price.The quality here has really gone down hill. The past 3 times I've ordered the ribs they were terrible - either totally fat or dry and actually brittle, like jerky if you can believe it. Nothing in the middle. Won't be ordering anymore and corporate should really come in and inspect for quality.Eh, so disappointed. I read through the reviews and maybe was expecting more but the BBQ was just plain mediocre. Not a good sign for a BBQ place. The beans and coleslaw were better than the ribs. Only try this if you're short on money or want to write a low review for an average placeThis review is way overdue. My fiancée and I went there for 2 sandwiches. They took a while and were clearly training a new employee on the register which was fine. However, they were just holding our sandwiches while training resulting in cold meat sandwiches. My fiancée asked the employee serving us to warm up the meat in the over and he refused! We were appalled. We asked to speak to a manager and he said he was the manager. We asked for the store number and the name of the district manager and he said he was the district manager.  Clearly he was lying and we asked for his name. He said it was John.  We found out later that his name was "Seen" or something similar to that. Then they ended up kicking us out of the restaurant for being angry about their lack of service.  I wrote to them on their site as there is no phone number posted. Their district manager got back to me and apologized and told us that employee was "on the way out" and that there have been complaints about him before. Then she insisted on providing us with a $25 gift card. Then it never came. It's been months. Worst company ever. I will never go back there again.Very good for a reasonably-priced small franchise. They offer everyday specials that offer very good value for the money. What really elevates this place is the customer service-- they're always extremely friendly and will accommodate most reasonable requests (ie, asking for the Wednesday special on a Thursday). I live in the area and this has become my new go-to for a quick, inexpensive meal.Amazing BBQ made on the spot. We tried three types of meat, the pulled pork, the brisket and the polish sausage. They were all wonderful. We also tried all the sauces, our favorite was the perfectly spiced original.
For the price, it can't be beat. Even the bread and the sides were five star. We definitely recommend the Mac and cheese.Wow! Amazing pulled pork sandwhich on a corn bread roll! 
Saw this place while walking down South Street and we had to stop in- so glad we did. The menu is pretty big, they give you free ice cream with your sandwhich (which my little guy liked even more than the sandwhich) and the people working there are nice. I will be back and I even picked up a catering menu for my office. 
My new spot for a great pulled pork sandwich.There are two sides to every coin. 
I came into D's Barbecue feeling famished after an ill advised all vegetable lunch earlier in the day. Intending to feast, I exercised restraint by foregoing the three-meat meal and ordering the two-meat meal so as not to gluttonously over indulge. However, upon returning to my abode and opening the recycled-material container, my heart and stomach sank simultaneous. A paltry helping of chicken, two ribs. (For the purposes of this review, we'll ignore the beans and waffle fries sides). Though delicious, it was nary the satiating fulfillment I so desired, quoth my stomach, never more. 
But here in lies the other side. Those of you who know me have observed my rapid and steady weight gain, mainly in the lower torso region of my nether person. While I contend this is because of internal organ mislocation putting pressure on the glandular growth receptors of my body, multiple doctors have assured me it is because I am eating too much. Given this prognosis negative, perhaps a meal that was less than what my baser instincts so desired was in the end, the right meal for me.This was my 1st time here. And for starters the customer service was on point! I was offered to taste the items i wasn't sure i'd like.I've come here so many times to pick food up but never eat inside the place. The owner is very nice and so is the one cook. The location is ideal but parking can be a bit difficult. I don't live that far so I usually walk up to south street. They have specials everyday which includes an entree, two sides and a drink for $8.99. 
I got the one for Saturday and it was well worth it. It filled me up and you even get free refills. The place is small inside so seating is limited but I found a place and enjoyed my meal. The chicken could've been a bit warmer but other then that I have no complaints. They have other things on the menu you can choose from as well. 
I even kept the cup and brought it back home with me. I would come here again to eat, I think for the price it's worth it but probably not for everybody. It's not the healthiest of meals but it's ok. They even have sauces you can have for free.Absolutely loved this place! The service was exceptional. Everyone in there was very friendly and welcoming. They have specials for each day of the week and they were out of the special for that day so the manager said we could pick another day's special and get it for the same price. I thought this was awesome because it made me feel like they really appreciate their customers and want people coming back. 
Now onto the food...
The food was absolutely delicious! I've eaten here twice now and I've had the pulled pork and the brisket. I liked that they were more of a true southern BBQ style where the food isn't cooked in the BBQ sauce, it's added at the end. They have 3 different BBQ sauces that are all pretty good. The sides are really tasty and filling. All of the portion sizes are pretty big too. You get a lot for your money. 
I will definitely be back here and have already recommended it to people!Really good.  Great food and quick delivery.Love the food, and love the staff! We're here at least a couple times a week. Guess you can't take the south outta us! We love our Okra and Brisket! The location is great, never too busy. The food is always amazing and the staff are super sweet! Love it!When South Philly food indecision had led me to here I thought that I found IMMEDIATE BBQ salvation. While it didn't exactly hit that mark on the first attempt, Dickey's was definitely a decent quick fix BBQ joint that I'd visit again for the daily specials and then some.
Being that it was a Saturday evening, the promise of a BBQ brisket sandwich special that came with 2 sides and a large drink had me entering the door. But in an odd twist the only thing that I didn't enjoy about my meal was the brisket. While it was far from the worst that I've had (good riddance Q - http://www.yelp.com/biz/q-bbq-and-tequila-philadelphia), it was just a let down compromised by both bites of dry meat and chewy fat. And unlisted topping of raw onion didn't help matters either. Grant it things may have improved had I remembered to grab a side of BBQ sauce to counterbalance the dryness of the meat. but other spots have me so used to the meat coming sauced that I didn't even think of it.
But other than the dreadful brisket, the meal that I had was quite promising. The fried okra was the perfect mix of slimy okra and fried crunchy bits that had me wanting more. And for a BBQ franchise chain, its mac & cheese was smooth and creamy. Their house brand of sweet iced tea also hit the spot. So overall while the meat failed to deliver on my first attempt, Dickey's definitely has enough to bring me back for at least a couple more attempts. Especially when its specials lead to a good deal every day of the week.Constantly walk by this place, as it is easily looked over from the outside.  Made a quick decision to stop by today for some lunch.  Best decision I could have made.  Super clean, although small, has an authentic BBQ joint feel to it.  
Boyfriend and I both got the pulled pork sandwiches, onion tangles, waffle friends, and cole slaw.  Everything was amazing.  No complaints, a must try.
In addition, the staff was amazing.  It's not very often that you come across such a welcoming staff, especially on South Street.
Will definitely be back.