Just like the one's in New York City. I have eaten at the one at Brookfield Place in the financial center many times. This Dig is the same menu and the same high quality. It was packed during lunch. Not surprising as the Brookfield Place Dig is always busy too. This is the best bowl meal in Center City. I'm happy they opened in Philadelphia.Pleasantly surprised at how delicious everything tastes! The food is super fresh and executed perfectly!! Portions are average; about 3 ounces of protein. Considering we are in the center of town I'd say $12 dollars for a healthy nutritious meal is quite a deal.I love the food at Dig but the customer service here is truly unparalleled. I was served by Chris who was friendly, enthusiastic and helped me pick the perfect meal, and Sabir helped me check out efficiently and with the utmost courtesy. Seriously appreciated, thanks guys!This place is amazing. It's the food I would cook if I could cook. The servers and the manager are so wonderful, and I go in all the time now. The food is hot and beautifully prepared and fresh, and if something has been sitting out, they bring more out to replace it within minutes. My only criticism is that their taking brussel sprouts off the menu, which are the best I've ever tasted. The prices are alot like Sweetgreen, and so is the concept, though you're getting way more than just salad if you want it.Stopped in at Dig tonight and was amazed with the quality of the food. I had faro (it's made with just a hint of cinnamon!), roasted broccoli & sweet potatoes, baked tofu & some type of mustard dressing. Talk about party in your mouth! The flavors just exploded! I will be returning!Quick, easy, and healthy! Very happy with their pick up optionI came in for the first time today and was honestly not expecting for the food to be so delicious!! I figured it'd just be your average healthy fast food but everything was so flavorful and amazing I was in shock! You can tell it is good quality and fresh food and for a great price. Will definitely be coming back hereGrabbed dinner here to go in our hotel. Fresh ingredients, healthy options, vegetarian and vegan options. Portion size was generous and reasonably priced.Got a great bowl of faro, Mac and cheese, and charred  broccoli. All of the food was cooked and seasoned just right. I tasted the carrots that my partner ordered and they were great too. This will definitely be our go to place when we want a quality meal quickly and at a very reasonable price. I can't wait to see what is on the menu as we go through the seasons.Absolutely delicious! The Mac and cheese is absolutely out of this world. The chicken is great and the kitchen sink cookies are really yummy.Love this spot so much I've been here 4 times in the last few weeks. The style is fast-casual but the cuisine quality is on the upscale end. Excellent quality at a good price point- the main dishes and sides are very well seaasoned and if you like condiments, they have a selection of 5 awesome sauces.There is not a strong enough word in the English dictionary to accurately describe the level of delicious that the food from Dig provides. 
My first encounter with their food was in Boston while traveling for a work trip. Thankfully for me, I went on the first day of the conference meaning I was able to go back for lunch the next 3 days I spent there. 
Following the trip, I knew I needed to continue to frequent their business from my hometown of Philly. On the plane home, I wrote up an email to their customer service team explaining my newfound love for the food and my desire for their business to expand. Even their customer service proved to be top-notch! She was SO sweet and personalized back, which I do not take for granted in this robotic, technology driven-world. She promised me there would be more locations to open in the future.
Her promise did not go unfulfilled! Philly has been blessed with a Dig right in the heart of Center City. I feel my prayers have been answered, now that I have a location to visit within a 10 minute walk from my work building.
The food is unworldly satisfying. They somehow make something that  would normally taste mediocre at best, like roasted carrots, taste amazing. Every protein I have tried has been tender. Every side I have tried has been mouth watering. Every sauce I have tried has made me drool for more.
Even with quality food at a large portion, they do not overcharge us! My hearty bowls are anywhere between $9 - 14 depending which protein I choose. This price is right on par (if not even a little cheaper) than a lot of the other fast casual food places nearby, yet you are getting a far beyond standard meal. 
Between the incredible food, the personable & friendly employees and the aesthetically-pleasing atmosphere, I do not know if I have enough self control to not find myself here every day of the week. 
Thank you, Dig, for existing.The place is super clean, airy and full of natural accents. The food was DELICIOUS! I also have too commend the service. The staff is very friendly  and warm. Definitely will be making this a regular spot.delicious and healthy!
i neeeed the recipe to those brussel sprouts they're spicy and so tasty. everything i get here is fresh, healthy and delicious. i just wish there were more so i can get it more often!Tried out this spot for a take out order that i placed online.  I was pleasantly surprised about the meal.  I went with the classic dig.  It felt healthy, but was also delicious.  It even lasted me for lunch for three days.  Day one I didn't use the garlic aioli that comes with the meal.  That was a mistake.  That stuff in the rice or on the chicken kicked it up a notch.  The broccoli was charred and seasoned well, too.  
I'd definitely recommend checking this place out if you're looking for a healthy, filling, reasonably priced (for center city) meal.This was good. It was healthy.  I was satisfied. Takeout (and delivery?) only right now during 2020.  
I had the classic dig bowl. The chicken was good. The broccoli was great. The potatoes were also good.  The only thing lacking was my rice was little undercooked (some grains still a little hard), apart from that I wolfed this down and was happy about what I put in my body.  
Quick, convenient, good, healthy. I'd go back and give them another chance to get the rice right.My first time trying Dig and I was so disappointed with our order. We got two Farmer's favourite marketbowls and the order was wrong. My husband's order had half greens and half farro and it came with rice and instead of two tofu orders that we paid for, there was just one. The kale salad was also missing. The other bowl that was half rice and half farro only had farro. 
Overall, the bowls tasted fresh and very flavourful but the orders were wrong hence taking away one star.Quick, easy, and healthy! Very happy with their pick up service.I've watched one of my coworkers eat from here a couple times and decided to give it a try. About 5 of us walked over, stood in a long line - but it did move quickly. We stared at menus all the while we waited...I'm thinking...how do I get out of this..nothing sounds good. 
My turn in line - I ask for a tiny bit of farro and lots of spring mix. They were super stingy with the spring mix but super liberal with the farro (I noticed this with all of my friends as well). Fine - cut to sides - cauliflower and mushrooms - cut to protein - chicken breast - sauce - garlic aoli (obviously). Then they pass you the bowl and you check out.
As I get to the check out I asked what kind of chicken I had..thigh. Then I notice wait I asked for cauliflower this is broccoli... My coworker noticed that he had mine and I had his - we quickly switch but by the time I had switched with him the cashier had already given me an extra side of chicken breast. I tried to refuse but he insisted. 
All in all experience was great, just a little loud and hard to hear those taking your order.
Get back to the office time to chow. Yo let me tell you this is delicious for a healthy lunch I was not expecting it to be that good. I'll definitely be back sooner rather than later.Tasty fast casual spot that reminded me of cava but I liked the food even more. I ordered a bowl with chicken thighs, mac n cheese, and roasted cauliflower over brown rice. The sriracha sauce on the side was great too. Would recommend and come back!I'm thrilled to see 5 stars for Dig because it deserves nothing less. Since their opening, we have been at least a dozen times and it is our go-to spot to bring friends and family that are visiting from out of town. Their ingredients are fresh and unique and I like trying different things and have found each time that every combo goes together perfectly. The decor is minimalist and charming with great light and different than anything else in Philly. It is a build your bowl type setup and the staff is helpful and friendly. My husband eats here often for lunch and finds that the line moves quickly even when it's almost out the door. Can't recommend their Brussels sprouts or Mac and cheese enough. Go!Was looking for a healthy option on our way out of Philly and saw this close to our location. Had never been to Dig before and the staff was so helpful and friendly. Everything had just been cooked so it was fresh! Exactly what we needed before our trip back to DC!
Super safe re: COVID precautions. No indoor dining, sanitizer available.Do not order delivery. I never received mine. Called delivery.com twice and then Dig just stopped taking their calls and orders.I have eaten here twice, but will not return.  The food is flavorful and delicious, but: 
1.  They never ask if I'm eating in or taking out.  They always give me a take out box, which annoys me because I'm very green. 
2. Both times, I had to make alternate choices because what I wanted to order would take 7-9 minutes. 
3. It takes too long to get through the line. The person preparing the bowl should not be taking payment. There should be a separate person taking the payment.Very flavorful healthy meals. 
First you pick  the base: farro, brown rice, or greens. I picked greens. It's not much though. 
Second, you pick two sides. That's tough because all of them look  delicious. I picked root  veggies and sweet potatoes.
Third you pick the protein. I picked salmon.
The staff is super friendly and helpful. Very patient in answering my questions  .
My meal was so tasty. Well balanced flavor and very appetizing. Salmon is on the well done side but not too dry.Super tasty bowls. Today was my first try and Kareem explained how it works and recommended a few sides to try.  It is reasonable and delicious, definitely worthy of being on the rotation.Kind of a weird experience today. Looking for a healthy lunch option and the online menu looked good. Ended up ordering at the restaurant as we were coming from somewhere else.  It look a bit because there was one group of 3 ahead of us.  I ordered something I had seen online.  They said I could not order that entree in the restaurant - only online, which they will then make in the same restaurant. Yep, that's because the item is so new. If you can make it, why can't I order it? Anyway, I ordered something else. It took a while. My husband made his own bowl and that went quicker. The food was good - 4 stars for that. The service is a 2.I loved everything I tasted. The stone soup is so delicious and the veggie sides delectable.  Will not disappoint!A very healthy and reasonable priced restaurant. The portions were a nice size. The only gripe I have about the place is that they were sweeping the floors in the direction of my table while I was trying to eat my food. Dust particles were flying all over the place. Granite it was towards the end of the night but still - wait until people are done cleaning to do your nightly cleaning.No frills, healthy and delicious food! But the best part is the people who work here - superior customer service!5 stars for Cleanliness and efficiency with online ordering, 3.5 stars for taste, 3 stars for price vs portion size
My friend and I together ordered the Classic Dig Family Meal bowl online which came with Charred chicken, roasted sweet potatoes, charred broccoli with lemon, brown rice, garlic aioli on the side. There was one container for each dish, I think in terms of portion sizing, I might have felt that an individual bowl with all of these items would have been better than ordering this one bundle package.
We wanted to get leftovers, and I think even though this is supposedly a meal for 4, we probably were able to finish more than 60% of the food in one go between the two of us.
As for taste, I think the food was exactly what one would expect, it's well seasoned all around, the included food within the bundle is quite balanced to have different food groups, textures and flavor profiles.
Chicken - there was a nice char to it, but it wasn't the best thing ever.
Broccoli - probably one of the more standout flavors, it had a cutting lemon edge to it and it had that deep char flavor that you can remember
Sweet potatoes - I liked the sizing of the cuts and this was one of my surprise favorites.
Rice - a bit undercooked
Garlic aioli - honestly, I think the food was well balanced without this, but it wasn't a bad edition with the chicken and other foods to dip.
Tips/Takeaways:
Would I return? Probably because of location and efficiency in ordering, but I probably would go for individual bowls rather than the family style bowl, even if I wanted to just get leftovers for myself in the future.YUM. This place is really great. It's similar to Sweetgreen but with more hot items and great marinades. You pick 2 sides and a protein and a base (greens, farro or rice). I got the roasted carrots and shaved Brussels with tofu over greens and everything was amazing. The chicken, charred broccoli and sweet potatoes also looked good. I'll definitely be back to try them.Fresh yummy healthy and fast. The kitchen operations team is on point as well. Just get food here.because i can't give six stars. 
i have nothing bad to say about the food. 
sweet potatoes, greens and spicy brussel sprouts. 
so good.  
i would add a lot more words - because for some reason people love talking about food - that makes as much sense as dancing about architecture.  
so if you're on the fence and you healthy home style cooking and nice people then just goimagine this: you're at a mun conference in philadelphia with your school but you're only allowed to go within a given radius of your hotel. the restaurants provided are chilis, hard rock, and panera. of course, anyone in their right mind would not pay attention and just wonder about in the streets of downtown Philadelphia at 7pm at night. that is exactly what i did.
now, maybe it's because i go to ny a lot. maybe it's because i am a spoiled privileged bratty angsty teenager. maybe it's because i have impeccable and sophisticated taste. the food scene there... not very good. 
so now back to my anecdote. 
its the last night of the conference and all restaurants either are full or refuse to serve 6 giggly teenage girls. i can't blame them. i did what any other person would do: go on yelp.com and troll for a restaurant that would satisfy all of us, which is a rarity in of itself. dig .. dig did more than just satisfy. 
when i first walked into dig, i was immediately astounded at the aesthetic of the interior. "don't judge a book by its cover," well sure, but even if books were to be judged by its covers this one would be accurate. the interior....beautiful. alluring. winsome. ravaging. sexy. now, i'm no lachrymose individual, anyone can tell you that. however, as i was waiting in line to get my salmon,, i got teary. im not even upset that i spend close to 20$ on this because it was worth every penny. 
the mac and cheese.. speechless. the brussel sprouts.... i didn't know burnt vegetables were a thing but i really did enjoy them. even the brown rice was good and that is a rare thing for me to say. the sriracha.. actually spicy.  everything was good. even the tofu!! who knew firm tofu could be good??? i didn't. 
after chomping on the satisfying sustenance, i took many pictures of the interior. the lighting was so good you could shoot a movie in there. in conclusion, everything was good and yummy. it made me feel special. 
fin.Delicious, healthy food! This has a great selection of salads and market bowls as well as the option to create your own of either. For dinner, we ordered the Grilled Steak & Tomato Salad and created a Market Bowl. The market bowl we created had farro as the base, spicy meatballs in a tomato ragu, summer squash and Parmesan cauliflower. Everything tasted great! We also got the flourless brownie for dessert. The description said that it was a fudgey chocolate sweet potato brownie which sounded delicious. The brownie was salted excessively which we had not expected because it was not in its description. We found it to be too salty which was unfortunate because this may have been a yummy dessert. Overall dinner here was tasty and healthy. I'd recommend it for dinner but be sure to skip the dessert!Ate to go dinners here while I was in town on business for a week! Went back 3 nights in a row because the food was so good and the location was right next to my hotel, I could walk there! Food is fresh and the chicken was well seasoned! Loved it!I work around the corner from Dig and had been curious about this place since the grand opening a few months back. I had many coworkers who were sad to see Four Seasons go (the restaurant previously in Digs location) because that was a regular lunch spot for them, however, when they started to try this place out all I heard was talk about how delicious and flavorful the food was. See, I'm the type of woman who brings her lunch to work everyday so I rarely get a chance to check these places out. When my coworker asked me to go out to lunch with her and set the date on my work calendar I already knew it was my chance to try Dig out. We got there around 1:15pm and I was a bit nervous that the line would be long. I was so pleasantly surprised with how fast we were able to order and sit. Actually, it being my first time there I wish I had more time to stare at the menu and figure it all out but I just went with my gut this time around and made my own bowl. I ordered greens as the base, charred broccoli with lemon and charred brussel sprouts with honey-chili oil as my two sides and salmon as my protein. The server suggested a tarragon mustard dressing and I agreed. My coworker ordered the brown rice as her base, cauliflower with garlic and parmesan and the brussel sprouts as her sides and chicken thigh as her protein. We sat inside to eat but were a bit rushed for time because I had a meeting at 2pm; luckily seating wasn't a problem. But then....time stopped...the food...was SO good. I mean so daggone tasty. Everything was seasoned like God loved me and wanted me to be happy. My coworker agreed with me and was so happy I suggested this place. I told my husband about it and we will be coming back. Our favorite item was for sure the brussel sprouts-- YUM. Thank you Dig for focusing on ingredients and keeping it all so simple but not skimping on the flavor. I WILL be back!I'm obsessed with Dig. I order from here WAY too often. But you get a lot of high quality food for a decent price, so I just keep on coming back.
I really need to branch out, because I only ever get the Farmer's Favorite Marketbowl. However, I like to switch up the base and the market sides. The farm greens with mint are a really nice base if I want something lighter, and the brown rice or the spiced farro with butternut squash are great if I want something a bit heartier. As for the market sides - I love all of the ones I've tried. My favorites are the Jasper Hill mac & cheese, charred broccoli with lemon, cauliflower with garlic and parmesan, and cashew kale caesar salad. But the Brussels sprouts and roasted sweet potatoes are also so tasty!
From what I've experienced so far with my plethora of Dig orders, you really can't go wrong. Everything is just delicious!Top notch customer service. Even with Uber eats orders they're communicative and pleasant!!Bayyybeeeee... so my friend & I stumbled across this place on door dash ( we went to pick it up) & had our fingers crossed the whole way there...
The staff was very welcoming with recommendations (already ordered but still being greedy). They had sani wipes for the tables and chairs and they had sanitizer (love them for that)!! Grabbed 2 ginger lemonades (freaking delish but I wish it had a tad more mint) and went to grab a seat. 
I ordered the veg bowl with brown rice, broccoli, sweet potatoes, tofu, & Mac & cheese. The Mac was delish like fr smh I don't even like anyone's wet Mac & cheese but they definitely did that there!! Charred broccoli was a hit with the vinaigrette. Tofu with the pesto & onions was so good, especially with the brown rice *chef kiss*. Now for the sweet potatoes... they were good but they need some kind of glaze (maple, brown sugar, bourbon butter honey, something!!) 
My friend had the chicken thigh, brown rice, charred broccoli, Mac & cheese, and Persian cucumbers. She said the chicken was flavorful and moist, loved the Mac & cheese & the broccoli but the best part was the cucumbers!!
We're going back tomorrow to try more stuff lols listen you won't be disappointed. Good wholesome food that's affordable!!!
Ps we couldn't stop eating before we could take a pic!!!I've stopped in 4 times in the last week and a half.  Enough said 
Highlights for the proteins are the sliced chicken breast and salmon (salmon-skin game strong).  Meatballs are a tad on the chewy side and are sauce heavy fo my liking.  For the sides, I recommend the parmesan cauliflower and charred broccoli all day.  If you aren't on the ketosis bandwagon, the mac is great too.
All in all, great competition for real food eatery; I plan on being a regular.Order was awful. Salmon tasted very burnt and like it was twice cooked. I normally like this place but I think it has gone down hill in good quality since covid. The customer service when i picked up my order was good but the good was not good.I've ordered from here a few times and the meals are always really tasty, fresh and filling. Don't skip the side of Jasper Hill Mac & Cheese!I've been doing takeout from DIG multiple times and they never disappoint! The staff is super friendly and helpful. I absolutely love their variety of farm greens, proteins, and seasonal picks. I'm usually not a big fan of salads but I always can't pass up ordering them from DIG. Ordered their Steak & Avocado Salad this time around and was pleasantly surprised with the generous portion and freshness of the ingredients. The flavorful peppercorn steak meshed well with the butter textured avocado. If you're looking for new food ideas that are both healthy and delicious, you've come to the right place!I can't put into words how much I loved my time in this restaurant. After a long, stressful week it was so refreshing to come in here for some good food and amazing employees. Each employee was so helpful and made my experience that much better. Sill and G were simply amazing, helped me as a first timer, and even let me try food when I couldn't choose. It really brought tears to my eyes to see the generosity and kindness of each person here. I will definitely be back and will be a regular here. Thank you for a great experience and a special thank you to Sill, G, and the rest of your awesome staff!!This place is hands down the best healthy "comfort food." Sill and G were so so so nice and made my first experience amazing. G even gave my friend a taste of mac and cheese (BTW it was PHENOMENAL) to try because she had such a hard time choosing her sides BECAUSE THEY ALL LOOKED SO DANG GOOD! Sill was so great also and gave us a sample of the brussels (THEY ROCK). I got the beet salad and portobello onion and potato mix and everything was amazing. I eat a gluten free and corn free diet and this place was heaven for me. Such good food for such reasonable prices. Everyone was SO knowledge about the ingredients and gave their recommendations. You can clearly tell that the workers enjoy working here as they are so passionate. I am always looking for a place that serves food that is fresh, yummy, and healthy and DIG is just that! This was an 11/10.I like the combo of roasted sweet potatoes, broccoli, and chicken. The brown rice could be a little softer. I like the sauce they give on the side (forgot the name). Place is clean and they give complementary water.one of my favorite places to eat, i love the kale salad and the broccoli, perfect for a fast and healthy lunch.good stuff.  It's expensive with delivery.  maybe they will lower delivery service price it adds about 10 bucks to the order.This place is amazing! Fresh, healthy food... great atmosphere... not super expensive. Everyone here was so nice. I'm kinda surprised that there isn't more seating here, so I don't know I if that would be an issue. Very happy, will deff be backLove the idea of the good healthy options.
I got the tofu with greens , carrots and broccoli
The tofu  was just ok a little bland and the greens were a little soggy 
The carrots and broccoli were good  they give you a very tiny container of sauce but it was goodDig into some healthy options. This place has a great menu full of healthy food and a great friendly staff. My first time to eat at this place and it was worth the stop.Super fantastic. 
I chose tofu for my protein and it was perfectly crispy. Pretty filling too for not too bad a price. 
My only issue and this might just be me, it's hard to figure out what to do. The signs are too small and no one was giving me ddirection. It felt like I was just supposed too know. When I asked questions they just pointed to signs I hadn't noticed. 
Now that I know how to navigate it I will be back.I stopped in for a late lunch last week and dig hit that healthy spot that I've been neglecting. Had a really good veggie bowl with root vegetables over brown rice. I def recommend if you're looking for a change from the usual healthy saladI'm so incredibly happy to see Dig (or Dig Inn as I still fondly think of it) in Philly after becoming obsessed with it in New York. I mean, hearty delicious food and great value, what more could you ask for? My bowl component go-tos are usually the mac n cheese, Brussels sprouts, charred chicken, and farro with a side of pesto sauce. 
I've only taken it to go so far, but the restaurant itself is spacious and relaxed, so I'll definitely dine in sometime.The food itself is amazing but the customer service is outstanding! Every time we order the staff is thoughtful and kind and accommodating. Our family definitely returns again and again and highly recommend it.This review is long overdue. Stopped by with my father after craving healthy food... and it was delicious. Salmon was moist, sides were delicious, and the recommended dressing/sauce paired well with the food. Shout out to the employee named Jake- he went above and beyond by helping us out when it randomly started pouring outside!! His kindness really made our day. Good food and nice employees- I'll definitely be back!The food is good but just be aware that the portion sizes for the sides are incredibly small. This much broccoli for $3.66????This review is for lunch delivery. Food is fresh, health forward and flavorful. Wife and I made our own bowls; she opted for salmon and I chose chicken. The mushrooms and spicy broccoli were great and I love that Fargo is a base option. I would highly recommend as a healthy alternative to standard delivery fare.Healthy, tasty and hearty food. Great for a quick lunch! The chicken was tender and full of flavour, the cashew Cesar salad was the best and the farro was also excellent!first got introduced to Dig by a friend in NYC. In his words, it's "gOuRmEt saLaD" that's 10000 times better than sweetgreen. After trying it in Philly, honestly he's right.
My go-to is always the classic dig bowl. For some reason you can't add avocado as a side, but i just mash up some avocados to go with. Absolutely amazing. The chicken is seasoned well, grilled to perfection. It's not dry at all and the avocado complements the taste. The broccoli can be a little burnt sometimes but i don't mind that. The sweet potatoes are also very well seasoned and soft. The portion is also very generous.
I've also tried the spicy tofu bowl with parmesan cauliflower and the meatball. Not as good as the classic bowl but still very good.
It also offers delivery to university city with a pretty good rewards program. it's about the same cost as sweet green but definitely a much much better experience.Great quick lunch while here for business.   Quick, flavorful healthy.  Had farro base, food flavore with butternut squash.  Kale Caesar side with nuts was a highlight.  Roast peppers we cooked well and balanced.  Salmon protein was cooked well but a little too cooked for  my liking.My hairstylist put me on to this new place and I owe her a big thank you. Amazing! I had the brown rice as my base, the Parmesan cauliflower  and carrots as my two sides and the roasted chicken as my main. Loved it all!Delicious!!!  Highly recommend and glad there's another great spot on chestnut street.So tasty! I just made my first visit to Dig with my work team and it was SO good! The line moved quickly and, though it was pretty busy, we were able to find 4 seats together. We all got the rice, broccoli, sweet potatoes and chicken with sriracha but truly everything looked amazing. The broccoli was so flavorful and the chicken thighs were juicy. I finished with a bottle of their lemonade which had the perfect balance of ginger and mint. They have gained one happy Dig fan.DIG, DIG, DIG!!! All I can say is MAC AND CHEESE!!! I'm not a fan of many Mac and cheese because people will usually through some processed cheese in it like Velveeta or American cheese in it, and I can ALWAYS sniff it out and it's GROSS . Don't argue with me about it, argue with your momma .  But anyways  their Mac is to die for.  They use elbow noodles with a mix of very rich cheddar cheese. The cheese taste like they have the cows in the back, milk them, and make the cheese in house. That's how fresh and rich the cheese tastes. They put a crumb topping on top that only enhances the flavor of the Mac. 
I tried their chicken thighs and string beans. That was okay, nothing to brag about, but the MAC!!! I'm telling y'all to give it a try, especially being a girl who DOES NOT eat Mac and cheese out the house. Ask my friends, they know!!!!Food seems fresh, employees go above and beyond so they must be happy. They seem to care about the environment so that's a nice bonus. The bowl is a good size but if they added a nice piece of bread that would be the perfect amount of food. Other salad places have one type is always get, this has a bunch of different good options.I have come three weekends to Magee Rehab to spend time with my recuperating husband. And on the recommendation of the Windsor Suites Hotel receptionist, and being unfamiliar with this city, I tried Dig Rittenhouse and loved it. Tonight was my third trip to Magee and my third dinner at Digs. Fresh, not very spicy or salty, deliveries have had good portion sizes. Salmon twice, chicken once. And the delivery people have been efficient and polite. And for one not familiar with the streets and already under enough trauma, Dig has been great. R of Lancaster, PAWe had Dig for a team celebratory lunch last week and it was incredible! You just feel great after eating it and everything just has great flavor and consistency.  I went with a farro bowl with brussel sprouts, beet salad, and the caeser salad and everything was great.  This definitely replaces Sweetgreen as my go-to lunch option in this price point.After several orders delivered from this spot the verdict is in: always fresh, always delicious! This is the go-to spot if, like me, you've decided to go "healthier" but don't want to give up tasty. Well, no sacrifice here. AT. ALL. Like me, you won't miss fried food if you switch to ordering from here. As a matter of fact, you'll wonder what took you so long to switch! Thanks Dig chefs, etc, my health and tastebuds needed you . 
Oh, we've had the Salmon and both Herb and Charred Chicken Bowls, as well as Mac & cheese, broccoli, sweet potatoes & cauliflower. All excellent, no exceptions.This is my new favorite place. All my friends in other cities like Boston and NYC always rave about Dig so I thought I'd check it out. I was blown away by the quality and quantity of the food for the cheap price. It's like a warm home cooked meal and in my opinion, trumps all other fast casual (chipotle, cava, etc.) The menu isn't as clear as it should be so I'll break it down - you pick a base (rice, farro, or salad), then a protein, then two sides. For the base, you can do half and half of two things. My family is vegetarian so we got the tofu for protein which is amazing - perfectly cooked and seasoned. Between the three of us, we got a lot of sides. I loved the mac and cheese, sweet potatos, cauliflower (topped with parmesan!), and brussel sprouts. The only thing I didn't love was the broccoli but that was just my personal preference since I don't like lemon seasoning. I can't wait to come back here!Very excited that Dig Inn is branching out in Philly! I've been to the NY spots before and suffice it to say, the new Dig in Philly does not disappoint. It's high quality fast food, done right. I'm a fan of their chicken (either the herb roasted or the charred chicken) - both are so delicious you will fall in love. 
Fear not, the vegetable sides are just as tasteful. I tried their cashew kale caesar salad and the dressing (vegan) is spicy yet creamy. Definitely worth a try. The location of this is very convenient as well! However, it will get very crowded at lunch time so order ahead and simply pick up all the goodness!Dig is truly amazing and a great addition to Rittenhouse. I've been 3-4 times now and basically get the same thing every time because it's SO good. Go-to is a base of greens, charred brussels sprouts, mac & cheese, chicken thigh, with pesto and housemade sriracha. The brussels sprouts and mac & cheese are so so so good that I haven't wanted to try and of their other sides. You get a huge serving at a reasonable price! The people are great and service is fast. Really, really great spot!This is a very consistent and quality option for those seeking "healthy" to-go food in center city. I've lived in Philadelphia for quite a few years, and have been vegan or vegetarian on and off since I was a teenager, so I'm attuned to all options in the city that offer vegetables. There has been an influx of places in the past five years, but they doesn't mean they've been good.
Sweetgreen used to be my go-to for fast health food, but when it comes down to it, Dig is higher quality. It simply is. I don't think it's subjective. I do wish I could get a full cashew kale Caesar, sans romaine, but what can you do?
4.5 stars, for lack of consistency with portions!I don't usually write Yelp reviews, but I was so impressed by Dig that I had to write something.  I walked in on a whim and expected "healthy" food that tastes like it's healthy, but I ended up with a healthy, nourishing bowl that was absolutely delicious. The charred chicken thigh was some of the best chicken I ever had. Everything was cooked perfectly and was well seasoned-- and I was served with a smile. I'm looking forward to coming back!Dig is a really fun new spot. Great ingredients, fresh and warm dishes, and really pretty health-friendly. At dig, you order a bowl of grub, starting with a base, two sides, and a main. I got the mint greens as my base, the carrots and mac and cheese as my sides, and the charred chicken as my main. Everything was delicious. The carrots were big and colorful. The Mac and cheese was breaded nicely and the perfect amount of cheesy. The charred chicken tasted great with the sirachia dressing. I also enjoyed the many flavors of sparkling water. A great place for a quick, but unique, bite!Imagine going to the grocery. Picking up some veggies to throw in the oven, grabbing some fresh greens for a salad, maybe some rice to get those hefty carbs, grabbing some pasta and cheeses to whip up a delicious plate of heaven, and then onto the meats and fishes to get your preferred protein. Sounds like a lot of food? That's my point! Now imagine spending an hour and a half pulling together that meal. That's a lot of work. 
Let me just say, thank goodness for Dig. This is a lazy persons safe haven. We get that home cooked meal with zero effort!
This place is trendy and cozy inside and the employees are very friendly. It's so hard to decide what to get because everything looks so good and everything actually tastes good. I got the salmon and the first time I went the piece was in the smaller side and they put a second piece in there! I didn't ask for it and they didn't even charge me. I ate this for lunch and then ate the rest last for dinner. It was extremely filling. I like that they recommend a dressing based on what protein you pick and they let you get more than one. I tried the one they suggested for the salmon and then the garlic aoli...because, well, garlic. 
Let's just say this is now my new go-to place!We ordered a family meal of charred chicken and one steak bowl. The charred chicken was good and delicious but it really felt like cooked rather than grilled.  The steak bowl was ok.I had the salad base bowl with cauliflower, brocoli, and grilled salmon- delicious ! Fresh ingredients and healthy options all ready in less than 5 minutes ... healthy, fast, and flavorful, I'll be back soon.