Not happy with place. I've done delivery twice here and they are always extremely late. Today, the food was unreasonably late and it was cold. 
Update:  delivery service has gotten betterThis is my to go place whenever I am in Philadelphia. It beats many places in that city's Chinatown.
You must try the Scallion Pancakes and Fried Rice and Brown Rice (I have the feeling they use bulgur instead of brown rice ... Mmmmmm ... Anyways!!).
Nothing is too salty nor greasy. 
Go with friends ... Eat family style...
Bon appétit! !Went for dim sum for two on Saturday afternoon. They have the 12 for 12 special on Saturday's and Sunday not sure what time it ends but it was definitely worth its value. Two orders of that and a side of their signature Dan Dan noodles was perfectly filling ! And with that special you Get a little cup of ice cream at the end  the warm towelette when we were first seated was wonderful. Can't wait to try all the other options on the menu next timeStopped here on a day trip to Philly with my wife.  We had a great time here!  Prices were reasonable and the food was EXCELLENT.  We ordered pan-seared vegetable buns as an appetizer, young coconut juice and a honey lemon green tea for drinks, Taiwanese Pork belly rice bowl and a chicken and string beans dish for main courses, and the white chocolate ball for dessert.  All the food was great, but the absolute standouts for me were the pork belly and the young coconut juice.  The coconut flavor was so fresh, subtle, and distinct and had real pieces of coconut on the bottom!  The pork belly was just one of the best dishes I have ever eaten.  Cooked to perfection, it was a truly amazing meal.  Servers were extremely kind and hospitable!  Great stuff.  Thanks Dim Sum & Noodle!!!Me and my fiancé decided to check out this place on Sunday morning. first the service was excellent which the staff was attentive to our needs. The food was fantastic which we had the shrimp dumpling, Dan Dan noodles, garlic chicken wings, and shumai (spelling?). Overall it was just as good as being in Chinatown without having to go to Chinatown. Lastly the price for all of the food was very reasonable and certainly recommend for people in the art museum area.Ordered the scallion pancake, crispy noodles in soup (veg) and pork dim sums. Our bill came to $22. The food was good but I found the noodle soup a little too salty. The pork dim sums were the best followed by the pancake (but after eating the scallion pancake at han dynasty this one didn't seem too good!)I happened to come across this restaurant while visiting Philly from Jersey City. Eating here made the whole trip worthwhile and we will definitely come back just to see what more they have to offer. We ordered Taiwanese beef noodle and shrimp chow fun and they were one of the best any where in the world. The dim sum was good too.  We were never so satisfied with so little money.Good food, clean and comfortable ambiance, and quick and friendly service. They offered a hot hand towel in the middle of the meal, which added a really nice touch. 
I ordered steamed shrimp dumplings, steamed pork dumplings, Vietnamese iced coffee, and green tea mochi ice cream - and they offered me a complimentary side of Dan Dan noodles (after spending a certain amount), which was pretty good. 
The shrimp dumplings were among the best I've had in Philly. The shells had a perfect texture, and there were generous chunks of shrimp inside. The pork dumplings were not the best I've had, but they still hit the spot. They were more lean than other versions I've had in Chinatown. The Vietnamese iced coffee was good, but the shell of the green tea mochi ice cream was a bit dry. 
Overall, I had a good experience. The price point is very reasonable, and I would definitely come here instead of trekking all the way to Chinatown for some basic Chinese food.I was really disappointed in this place. The rating led me to believe this was going to be something special. I walked 1.5 miles to get here and was starving and it was still inadequate. They have decent lunch specials and it's a quiet restaurant with good service but the food wasn't anything special.Enjoyed a really nice lunch here. We shared several dim sum dishes, all were very good. I had the pork belly soup and was very happy with it. The Dan Dan noodles weren't as good as everything else, but they weren't bad, either. I will definitely eat here again. Service was very nice, place was clean, food was very good. No duck on the menu in case you enjoy duck.Everything I ate was delicious & the service was next level, I don't think I've been treated that well at a restaurant that charges triple the prices they have here. Will definitely be using their delivery services & returning here regularly!Small portions for the price you will pay. For a 25$ lunch I am not satisfied. Very good service, but it took 40 minutes for my delivery.Amazing food for an amazing price. The soup dumplings are inexpensive, delicious, and very filling. I ordered from this restaurant off of caviar and was very impressed with quality of the food.I like this place a lot! They serve good food and offer good service. My favorite is soft rib rice.This restaurant has the second best Chinese food I have ever had. Excellent prices for the quality and quantity of food. Service is good and staff is very friendly. Indulge in the delicious eats this restaurant has to offer.Love this place, lightning fast delivery, never had an order screwed up, desserts are delicious and food is always good.  
Anybody ragging on this place is from out of town and really doesn't know any better.  
This is the best Chinese takeout in the city.Highly recommend and it's a BYOB too!  A welcome new addition to the Art Museum / Fairmount section of the city.Clean place and good food, but the place is slightly understaffed for when it's busy. I would come back again. I enjoyed the scallion pancakes and the bulgogi rice bowl with kimchiI'll lead with the fact that this is NOT a traditional dim sum place where you get carts of dim sum being rolled around.  This is more of a Cantonese style Chinese place that is great for lunch or weekly take-out type of place.  Would I travel from far away just for this? No.  Would I come here every day if I could if I lived close by? Yes. 
I've been here a couple of times for lunch and dinner now and I am so thankful Dim Sum & Noodle is in my life.  After late hours at the office, I want something delicious, affordable, and balanced - Dim Sum & Noodle has my back.  Protein, Veggie, and Rice/Noodles are the basic building blocks of their meals - the Vietnamese Lemon Grass Grilled Chicken ($8.95) and Shrimp Wonton with Egg Noodle ($7.95) are my go-tos.  If I want to spoil myself, I throw in an order of the soup dumplings, nom.  The quality is consistently amazing, which is something that can be hit or miss at places like this.
This is a neighborhood favorite for good reason.  Most diners order out, but if you sit down, the customer service is incredibly sweet and pretty attentive.  Drop by for the dim sum lunch combo, dumplings on dumplings on dumplings.I literally don't even wanna leave a review because this place is so basic. Nothing special, same Chinese food you will get in every American city. If you like playing it safe, come here.Great place! Their Dan Dan noodles and Scallion Pancakes are my favorite dishes there.We ordered takeout after reading that this restaurant was from the owners of the University City Sangkee. We ordered a dim sum combo, beef chow fun, and fish with ginger and scallion.
The woman who took our order and prepared the order was maybe the nicest woman I've ever encountered. She was thorough and double checked everything. My husband picked up the order and said the makeover of the space was well done, so we will pay a visit with our toddler soon!
The food was excellent! We are thrilled to have this addition in the neighborhood! The dim sum was excellent, which we were surprised by. The beef chow fun was great and compared to the one at the UC Sangkee, and the fish was what we expected but nothing mind blowing.
We will be gaining lots of weight thanks to this establishment! But happy weight! :)Great service and great food. I would recommend trying the Dim Sum Sampler as your appetizer. The ownership is very friendly as well. Will definitely be back again soon.The service was great. The waitress and service staff were very attentive. The shrimp dumplings were tasty. My noodle dish was OK. I give two stars because we watched two of the cooks go into the bathroom with their aprons on, and walk back into the kitchen with the same apron. Aprons should always be taken off before going into a restroom. Please fix this behavior immediately.Really enjoyed our "oh pooh, we're not going to make it to Reading Terminal before it closes" stop at the nearest legit establishment, Dim Sum. They served up a really good meal of Dan Dan noodles, lemon grass chicken, General Tso, and chicken pad Thai for our party of 4. With such a table  buffet, everyone won, and we even had leftovers. Fresh food, good service.
The wisp of this culinary delight will linger, though I doubt our paths will cross again...Nana was awesome as was the food. Great service great food! She has super human hearing. The spicy mustardUnexpected surprise! Very tasty food here! Outstanding service here! With reasonable price. Definitely coming back againWe live right across the street, so I was so happy for Dim Sum & Noodle to open! Just had our first meal there, it was great. They did a great job remodeling and service was good.  Very friendly staff, can't wait to go back with a bottle of wine (BYOB!).Just stopped in for lunch post-museum sightseeing.  One of the few times I was led astray by overblown Yelp reviews. 
Bf and I tried their xlb, dan dan noodles, and Szechuan spiced fried soft shell crabs.  
Xlb - not soupy enough, honestly. Also, the black vinegar had added sugar. I've had them in shanghai and NYC and these were disappointing. 
Dan dan.  Not Mala enough.  Also way oversweetened for my taste buds.  
Szechuan soft shell crabs.  The batter was too doughy and were overall too greasy.  I ended up peeling off the excess batter before chowing down on them.  The fried spices and ginger topping the crabs were tasty though. 
Overall, meh.  
Bf, however, was very happy to eat the bigger portion of the meal that picky gf didn't want to finish.For the location, this Dim Sum is as good as it gets! I admit that my hopes were not high coming here because I rarely go out for Dim Sum outside of Chinatown. Regardless, we found the menu to have plenty of authentic dim sum dishes to choose from, all of which turned out to be flavorful and reasonably priced. If I lived in Fairmount or the Art Museum area, this is where I would go for real deal dim sum!Great little hidden spot with all the usual dim sum dishes. Get the calamari. It was fantastic. Quick food turn around time.  Attentive staffStopped by at this place for lunch, loved their tasty dim sum, light not oily or heavy.  I was surprised to find good foods at this small place. I 'll definitely go back on my next trip to Philly.Silverware was dirty and the dumplings made me feel weird. They tasted good though so if could work for someone else!This place was wonderful. We went after an outing at the Franklin Institute. It was a very quick walk even for my 4- and 6-year-olds. The food was delicious-my picky little ones liked everything as well as myself and my parents. There was no children's menu, but the food was kid-friendly. The staff was very sweet to my kids even if they were a little rowdy. The dumplings were the best part-all of us loved them! Skip the crowds at other places post-museum trip and head here!Killer place. Very casual and reasonably priced.  The food is outstanding and the place is very clean ?  Shrimp Dumplings (and everything) was literally top notch. Excellent, friendly service....you water glass never gets to only half full.  A must in fairmount!I had dinner there tonight with a friend from out of town. I went with 4 items off the small plates and my friend had the Chicken and Green beans. All were tasty. I really liked the veggie dumplings (pan fried) the crispy garlic wings, and the scallion pancakes. The short ribs were ok but as good as the other small plates. The wait staff were attentive and helpful.This restaurant has the second best Chinese food I have ever had. Excellent prices for the quality and quantity of food. Service is good and staff is very friendly. Indulge in the delicious eats this restaurant has to offer. 
Rating down from 5 to 2. Food was cold. Extras requested weren't provided and didn't have much flavor this time. Very disappointed.The place is in the middle of Chinatown. Quite nice interior even though it's a bit dark at the back of the restaurant. Very nice and baby friendly service. Have been there a couple of times and food has always been excellent. I have to admit, we never tried anything else but the dumplings....just because they are so good. Last but not least. Usually paying far below $ 30 incl. tip for a party of two makes this some very good value for money.I can't believe this place is rated as high as it is. The food is pretty mediocre, and because of that it's really overpriced. There are such better places around for both dim sum and noodles.I really like this place and order take out from here often.  The woman who works at the register when you walk in is so nice and helpful.  The food is very good and well priced.  There is a medium sized seating area if you want to dine in and there generally isn't a wait.  I did dine in once with 5 people.  It was Sat night, i called and said we'd like to come right over.  The nice lady sounded a little concerned but she made it happen!  I always get the beef lo mein.  Good food, good prices, and good service!Who are the yelpers for this location?!?!?!? This place barely had any selection to be call a dimSum place..more like a fast food chinese restaurant. The service was slow..the pan fried noodle had spam like meat..and 5 spice noodle broth was flavorless. How da heck can this place have a 4.5 rating at this point..I'm shock and truly disappointed in my fellow yelpers.Dim sum appetizers were inexpensive and delicious, and our waitress treated us amazingly. I loved the hot tea they brought automatically. We ordered noodle dishes for entrees which were also great, and came with delicious sauces for the table. Our waitress suggested which sauces to use for which dishes. They brought a little fruit and fortune cookies along with the check. Very affordable and nice, casual but delicious experience all around. Food was fresh but served quickly!A well-earned 5 star rating.  Dim sum taken to the level of a fine dining experience.  Beautifully decorated interior, attentive servers, white tablecloths, constant replacement of clean plates and utensils with each course.  I highly recommend the 15 small plates for $15 lunch special.  You get to try the scallion pancakes and every dumpling they offer during dim sum.  It is served in 3 courses.  You can also order larger portion of particular dim sum dishes from $3 to $6.  An excellent lunch after visiting the Franklin Institute.Was in the neighborhood and wanted to check it out.  They do take credit cards....many reviews said they don't. The staff were completely lovely.  The food overall was fine.  I didn't order much, only had the Dan Dan noodles, a vegetable spring roll , and vegetable dumplings.  The dumplings weren't on the menu , I asked if they had vegetable ones and they did.   Everything was fresh and tasty, I would definitely go back.What a gem! It's my go to local Chinese place and the delivery is always good. The food is EXTREMELY delicious and fresh. Not to expensive. Good quality ingredients. Complex flavors at a "local takeout" price point. Highly recommend. My favorite is the sweet potato vermicelli hotpot dish and the tofu green curry!The dan dan noodle, bbq korean short rib, and mabo tofu are all excellent. This is a very comfortable and nice little restaurant. Really good for take-out.Totally amazing! Super fast delivery and the food was totally awesome!!! Chicken dumplings were awesome! The pork belly was cooked perfect. Garlic wings were cooked perfect and tasted great!This place was really good! I had the steamed sui mai which I didn't love (just wasn't something I'm a big fan of, but other people liked them), but there were some other dumplings and dim sum which were super delicious. I also had the spicy and sour seafood ramen, which was incredible, though be forewarned, as it was quite spicy. It was so filling, I had to take half of it home and eat it the next day. I would definitely order this ramen dish again and again and again. I got these two items (the ramen and dim sum) as part of the 1+1=3 menu (if you order ramen and dim sum, then you get a "free" iced lemon green tea). The iced lemon green tea was one of the best (nonalcoholic) drinks I've ever had. This place is BYOB, and we brought wine, for which we were not charged (meaning, I did not see an uncorking fee on the bill, even though a waiter did in fact uncork the wine for me). The waiters and waitresses were extremely attentive and helpful. Very happy I went here!Not impressed... They had such great review so tired... 
service was great. They gave me warm wet towel as I walked in. 
I had their soup dumpling. Obviously they don't make it here and there were very little soup in the dumpling!!! Very disappointing. 
The shrimp dumpling was good.Dim sum and noodle is one of my favorite hidden gems in the neighborhood. Good service, reasonable prices, and excellent food.Absolute worst customer service ever.  When I arrived it was complete mayhem.  There were a number of other customers clearly upset about their food or wait time.  I waited a few minutes before I could grab someone's attention, and ask if our order was ready.  I was told 10 minutes, and they were busy.  After waiting about 15-20 I asked if it would be much longer, and the lady asked what we ordered.  I showed her the same webpage confirmation that I showed the first guy I spoke with.  She walked away, and came back a few minutes later telling me they didn't receive the order and it would be 45 minutes to an hour.  At this point I was annoyed due to the situation and asked if there was a way to expedite the order, and was given a stern "no" because it's not their fault.  Not their fault??  I wasn't blaming anyone, but who else's fault could it be?!?!  This is a simple situation that could have been handled easily, but the FOH staff had no interest in doing so.  Note:  there were a number of complaints about the food from two tables while I was waiting too.Great food and service.  The staff are all very friendly and attentive.  I would definitely come back when I'm in town.Decent Dim Sum in Fairmount. We ordered the Steamed Char Siu, Juicy Dumplings, and Garlic wings. The steamed bun of the char siu was flavorless and drier than similar dishes I've experienced elsewhere. The filling was just OK. Very sweet and filled with properly executed pork that was smothered in too much barbecue sauce. I've gotten bigger and quality-comparable Char Siu for 1/3 the price. The juicy buns, their name for Xio Long Bao (soup dumpling) were smaller than most soup dumplings I've had. The pork inside was tasty. But the soup:meat ratio was too low to get the pleasant soupy mouth explosion that characterizes  great Xiao Long Bao. 
The garlic wings were good wings. Probably 4/5 star quality. They had the classic Korean-style batter (more corn starch and subsequently crunch) than the American preparation. The meat on the wings was cooked a bit fast/overcooked. I'd like to taste a deeper flavor in the meat and less constriction of the meat to the bone. 
Overall an OK generic Asian offering. Nothing that I'm crazy about. The service was extremely fast and friendly.I got the vegetable steamed dumplings, scallion pancake, and shrimp fried rice. 
The fried rice was dry but there was a good amount of shrimp. The vegetable steamed dumplings were not vegetable, there is some type of meat in them which was very disturbing to someone that might be vegetarian. The pancakes were soggy and not really nice and flaky how they should be. Delivery was really fast. 
The reason this also only got two stars is because the food totally messed up my stomach and I feel sick now. It really turns you off of giving them a second chance.What a surprise to have Sang Kee open up a smaller spot near the art museum!  We ordered a bunch of dim sum plates and General gsos chicken.  The dim sum was all tasty and fresh.  The spicy calamari and bbq pork dumplings were especially fantastic, but the traditional pork dumplings were underwhelming.  General gsos chicken was delicious!  Service was attentive and quick.  Even though the menu is smaller than neighboring Cho Cho San, the food is superior.  Will definitely go back!I ate in many Chinese  restaurants in China and USA , but you are the best one so far. Your food is wonderful, the real taste of proper Chinese food, and your service is awesome. I would like to pay 25% in tips. We were also given a free Chinese famous food: Dan Dan noodle. You try it, then love it.Very very good dim sum! And excellent shrimp noddle vegetable noodle soup. I'm from out of town and would definitely come back here.Amazing service & such kind people. 
The food taste great and you really get your money's worth for every dish. Nothing is expensive and I highly recommend the dim sum brunch sampler.
Everything is of quality and the interior of the restaurant is clean. 10/10What a great place! Since it's opening, we have eaten here about five times now and will definitely be back again. The food is excellent! All of the ingredients seems so fresh and healthy. The waitstaff takes a genuine interest in your dining experience and go out of the way to satisfy your needs. They are also very attentive to filling your water and bringing anything else that's requested or needed to complement the meal. Their pricing is also very fair and if you spend more than $20, you often receive a free item off of the appetizer menu, which is a great deal and so few places do that these days. If you are in the area and looking for a new place to try, definitely give this place a shot as you will most likely not be disappointed!This is a great addition to the neighborhood which I hope the neighborhood supports and keep around for a long time. The menu is small ( because the concept is Dim Sum & Noodles) so you wont get your usual americanized chinese food which is great. The food we had was delicious and frankly, this will be my go to spot if I can't trek it to Chinatown.While strolling through the city on a Saturday afternoon, found this place. Great food, the shrimp dimsums were my favorite. Would strongly suggest, if you are a fan on dimsums!First time here, and it was very good. Scallion pancake and peach bun were delicious and is a must order on the menu.This is pretty cool basic restaurant with great food. Interesting nuances include that the girl taking out order did not write it down and brought out exactly the right order !! Impressive :) their veggie dumplings are green I color and I loved the look and taste of of. Their dan dan noodles is a little different but yummy! The crispy chicken wings and shrimp dumplings were very well done. I would definitely go back here. The food was brought out as it was prepared which was perfect for this kind of food and the service was fast.The best Chinese food that I know of in the Philly area. They also have great Ramen--the Taiwanese Pork Belly Ramen or Rice bowl is exceptional--and great iced coffee including Vietnamese. 
The Honey Lemon Green Tea is so thick and delicious that I honestly don't understand..I do not understand how they get it to taste and feel that way. 
Note: I never tried their desert but if it's anything like the other stuff, it can't be bad. 
In terms of the staff, one time I saw a customer being extremely rude and they handled him very well. With me, they're always friendly and helpful. 
Highly recommended to any Asian food lover from the casual to those expecting a fine dining experience.We got delivery last night from Dim Sum & Noodle for the third time last night.  Highly recommended!  The delivery was quick, efficient and very friendly.  The food was very high quality and perfectly cooked.  The dumplings were fabulous as was the shrimp pad Thai and chicken with string beans.  Go for it!Hands down our favorite dim sum! They know us all too well with how much we visit and I love their char sui Bao. Remember it's BYOBA very small restaurant with pretty good steamed dumplings. The service was fast too. I couldn't wrap my head around paying three times as much for dumplings that are available at the Vietnamese grocery store though.We looked on Yelp for dimsum after going to The Mint and found this restaurant. We were pleasantly surprised! The staff speaks Cantonese (like me). There was a sign outside advertising their dimsum sampler and that is what we (myself, husband, and our 2 little kids) ordered, plus the Taiwanese Braised Pork Belly, Aged Egg and Veg. on Rice. It was all very good. Service was very good as well. Great meal!I had a great meal here! I came with 10 of my friends for my birthday. So many different genres of food and all of it came out excellent. Perhaps the best part was the service. They were never far away with a warm hand towel! I believe they are owned by the same people who own Sang Kee, so it is no surprise the food tastes great.Excellent food and all the staff were extremely helpful explaining menu options. Definitely would make the long drive back!If there's another star after 5th star, I'd put it. I love this place. I eat dinner there at least 3 times a week. Serene environment, amazing service and yummy Asian food. :) thumbs up!group of 5 went there tonight.  service was outstanding  so was the food.  we had the shrimp wonton soup without noodles and the shrimp wonton with noodles. chicken lo mein and chicken with string beans rounded out our main courses.  sooooo many extra little service touches too.  place is really cute.  we will go back AND we will tell as many of our friends about it too.Food was good and the service was excellent. The owner clearly takes pride in making sure everyone is serviced as she herself was on the floor our entire time there. Prices were not bad either at roughly $4-$6 per dish. We ended up ordering quite bit and didn't have to wait long at all for the first item. They are also BYOB so you can run across the street to Whole Foods and grab something! (BTW, if you think Whole Foods is going to be expensive for Beer or Wine, you're wrong. They actually have the best prices in the city! I know, surprising!) Overall, I only gave 4 stars because there are better Dim Sum places in the city but we will still definitely go here again!I had a last minute craving for some Asian food, and I came across here from some yelp reviews. 
I chose to go with the Dan Dan Noodles, and the Bulgogi with Rice and Kimchi. Both were soooo good and definitely satisfied my craving. I'm curious to try the other items on the menu now! Will definitely be ordering from here again!The service was great and the food even better!  Had the spicy soft shell crab, sui mai, short ribs. All delicious!One of the best places to have Chinese. So much variety. Food is absolutely yummy. Cozy place,nice ambience,amazing service, BYOB, great value for money. Definitely recommend.I rarely give five stars to anyplace.  However, service, quality, taste, price, and cleanliness all demand you visit and support this place.  Plus it's very close to all art museums.This place is top notch! 
Things ordered:
1.) short ribs 
2.) crystal dumplings
3.) juicy buns (soup dumpling)
4.) scallion pancake 
5.) lemon chicken
Everything was extremely fresh and delicious!  Service is impeccable! 
Would recommendSuper clean, amazing staff...so friendly and accommodating.   I've tried at least 8 dishes here and always fantastic.  Make sure to try the scallion and ginger flounder.  The dim sum and knife shaved beef noodle dish were also amazing and probably the best I've ever had.I ordered the crispy shrimp with honey walnuts and pan-fried dumplings. They were amazing! It was warm and crispy and tasted delicious. I will definitely be ordering from here again!