I was happy to hear that Dim Sum Garden has moved to a superior location.  The new restaurant has a much improved ambience.  I especially like the modern stone walls decorated with the artsy photographs of Shanghai.  Although this is a new location, the food is still authentic and top notch.  My favorites are the soup dumplings and the crispy pan fried juicy dumplings or buns.  These dumplings are like the ones I have eaten in Shanghai that were highly recommended.  The service is friendly and efficient.  The manager is professional and takes pride in the quality of the food.  This is a worthwhile and unique dining experience for those on a modest budget.  I have eaten at the new location three times and will definitely return.Came here on a Thursday night with a friend for dinner. She raved about it so I was excited to try the food. I think I've been to the place before but at its previous location?
We had the chicken and broccoli which was delicious (but still like my mom's version better) and the pork soup dumplings. They were yummy and fun to eat. 
Place was clean with cute decor on the walls. Ambience was nice as well. It was dim and had a great vibe for a lowkey date or dinner with close friends. I would definitely come back here whenever I'm in Chinatown.I'm on a quest to try all the highly recommended dumpling places in philly. Dim Sum Garden's pork soup dumplings take the best pork soup dumplings in philly yet. Highly recommend. Quick service. So so so good and reasonably priced too.My kid and I love the crab and pork dumplings.  Best that I have had yet.  Their stewed chicken is also very good.This is my first time to give a restaurant only one star. 
If you are American, maybe you would like this place because the updated decoration and the relatively clean environment comparing with other Chinese restaurants. However, the food is terrible. 
I happened to sit at the table where you can see what's going on in the kitchen. As far as I observe, all the food is pre-made or frozen. They are NOT fresh! I saw the chef in the kitchen took a piece of scallion pancake from the refrigerator, which from  the package you can tell it's the frozen scallion pancake you can get from supermarket. Then the chef took a small bowl of mapo tofu from refrigerator, he heated it in the microwave, 2 mins later, mapo tofu is served....
I don't know why this place is so packed especially on weekend. The service is ok, the food is horrible, besides the food are all pre-made/frozen, they add MSG in every dish. 
The only good thing about this restaurant is the price is reasonable, but hey, you are eating frozen food, how much you would pay for it?Okay for the first time, keep in mind that it is cash only!
Im a vegetarian and wanted to try new things so i asked about the vegetarian duck- that sounds off and should have been a no from the start. It was a combination of chewy, yet kindof slimy since theres mushrooms in it... And it was VERY cold for being on a cold dish list on the menu. The vegetable noodles were only okay, and needed alot more salt because i felt there was no flavor at all. However, the servers were very nice, and despite all the commotion i do not think i will be coming back here.Had the dim sum and it was amazing. Service was good. Portions and prices were excellent. We were a party of 6 at the height of the dinner hour and we were seated immediately. Highly recommend. Cash only.Dim sum garden totally lived up to the hype. Quick service, cash only, BYO, affordable, great food. Total wait time was less than 10 min on a Sunday evening.
The Mapo tofu. 20/10. And no, that's not a typo. This is definitely the best dish I had tonight. It can be ordered alone to share with the group or over rice or noodles to make it a meal for one. Also have the option to add pork for the meat lovers. The pan fried chicken dumplings and red bean paste buns were a hit too.
Now, the vegetarian soup dumplings - definitely a misnomer because there was no soup to be found inside my dumplings!! Sorry vegetarians, on we go hunting for those perfect vegetarian soup dumplings. Also wasn't a huge fan of the Kung pao chicken over noodles either. 
Overall, so much food - all for less than 35$. Amazing!!Came here just to get two orders of dumplings.... Soup dumplings and shrimp dumplings. We planned on getting sushi elsewhere as our main meal after. Arrived at 1:30pm to be seated with two other couples because they were pretty busy which was fine because we were hungry and just wanted to be quick. By 1:40 had our order in. As everyone else at the table started their meals we received our shrimp dumplings. It is now 2:30 and everyone else finished and payed and we were told our soup dumplings would be 2 more minutes. It's been awhile since we've had service this bad. Do not order the soup dumplings if you are really hungry or if you have anywhere else to be.So cheap, so yummy, plus BYOB! Love coming here with my boyfriend or with groups of friends! During the week it is usually pretty easy to get seating, but on the weekend you will have to wait a little. The service is always on point, so they move through people pretty quickly. They have plenty of options of dumplings and then regular and Americanized Chinese food (ie. General Tso's). So there is something for everyone! 
WARNINGS: I've been before when they didn't ID for alcohol, but I think they recently have started to ID check, so beware of that you young-ins! Also, cash only, there's an ATM inside.The pork soup dumplings are succulent! A longing occurs about an hour after with the feeling you should have eaten one more. The scallion pancakes are simply the best, too. I'm salivating just writing about this.Whoa... saw the reviews, didn't believe the hype.  I'm a believer now.  New place is nice, clean, and food is amazing.  Two hungry people fed for $20?  Awesome.No Din Tai Fung. The xiao long bao are bigger with thicker wraps and less soup than I like. OK they are cheaper but that doesn't offset the quality. Ordered the pan fried soup dumplings and the preparation didn't make them any better than the steamed. The shrimp shumai is average to sub par, but the vegetable dumplings are surprisingly good.
I should have realized that with XLB on the menu this isn't a traditional Cantonese dim sum place, so anyone going expecting the usual selection of dim sum items will be sorely disappointed.Best Pork Soup dumplings ever.  The long ridiculous lines are worth it (at least for me).Excellent food! I wish there is a dim sum place like this in the Northern Virginia. 
My family's favorites are Xiao Long Bao, Crabmeag Xiao Long Bao, Chicken on the stick, pickled cabbage with tofu skin, .... etc.
It would be better 1. if the waiters are more fluent in English, 2. if they could maintain the restrooms clean, and 3. if they accept credit cards as well.Tried this place after walking around Chinatown. I'd rate it as solid, but nothing spectacular. We had to wait in a pretty long line to get in, and once we did it was like we were getting hustled through the meal. It's LOUD in there, so not a great place for a first date, and also very crowded. Hard to find parking nearby, so suggest walking from a few blocks out. Our table got the general tso's chicken, dumplings, spring rolls, and a couple of pork dishes. Everything was good, nothing amazingAll hand made and so delicious! The wontons in the soup have thin dough and great insides - unlike and of those frozen wonton soups you can sometimes get.  The soup dumplings are great - but my favorite thing to order is the fried chicken dumplings. I've never had them quite like the ones here. I crave them! There is a bit of a wait during peak hours and there are no reservations on weekends - but well worth the wait!  Also - Cash Only.It was my first time trying Dim Sum with my coworkers and this place is exceptional! Try the vegetarian dim sum along with the other choices, it's light and flavorful. I ordered a noodle dish on the inside incase the dumplings werent filling enough and it was a good additional supplement.Definitely my go to for Soup dumplings, other places are just as good for other dim sum. Very very good soup dumplings both vegetarian and with pork and with crab and pork. I could eat my weight in the soup dumplings. Fried pancake was meh, shrimp dumpling was meh,  Cheap. Good for a crowd. Only takes cash. Must stand and wait in line. What I've had on the rest of the menu was fantastic.The service and set up for this location needs improvement. It's a wonderment to me that there are over five hundred reviews. The service here is so poor and time elapsed that I would be able to write a complete review while waiting to be served and taken care as a customer. The food and service is one star rating, they could do a whole lot better.  Thank youOur group thought Dim Sum Garden was marvelous. We ordered the pork and crab dumplings - loved the flavor, portion size, and price! I was blown away by the Shanghai fried rice cakes; think chewy rice cakes lightly coated in a flavor-bomb sauce. Scallion pancakes were crispy & pretty standard. One underrated dish was the seasonal greens; we had the sautéed snow pea leaves and although they appeared limp and sad, they were super bright & refreshingly tasty in between the dumpling feast elements of the meal. Service was relatively quick but curt. They can accommodate a larger group if you go on an off time as they have ample space in the backroom, but beware as people know this place serves great dim sum in Philly so it does tend to fill up quickly. Come for the soup dumplings & rice cakes, you will not be disappointed!Food was adequate. The food took FOREVER to get to our table and we got each persons meal 15-20 mins. apart and got our appetizer last. A 6 person family ate their whole meal before we got our food. Their pepper didn't look like pepper but it kind of tasted like sand. They also carried the trash passed us three times and it was gross.I have not written a review lately, but this time I think it is important to share the experience. I keep seeing 4 and 5 stars for this place, but my experience was only 3. 
I have visited this place twice. First time, it was 4 stars, better food... I came for dinner, everything was nice and clean. The servers were polite, the food came fast, the taste was good. Again, I would not give 5 stars.  
Second time, very disappointing. It seems that the quality of food is getting worse. I had 3 plates, steam pork, steam shrimp dumplings, beef fried dumplings. The taste was just decent. My stomach felt really bad due to the beef dumplings. I could not  digest them... Probably the meat was not ok! 
Anyway, the servers were again polite and fast. Also the Thai mango pina smoothie was excellent.My cravings have been satisfied! When in downtown Philly, come to Dimsum Garden. Fresh made to order, we had pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The only drawback, they only accept Cash.The food at this place is great. We got the spicy and the regular pork soup dumplings, the chinese broccoli in garlic, and the rice cakes. It's incredibly affordable and between the four of us, it was less than $40. I enjoyed the soup dumplings thoroughly and the side dishes were great too.
The only problem I have with this place is that it's not the cleanest. Understandably, it's in the city and it does get very busy, but sides of tables are sticky and chopsticks had bits of food left on them, so make sure you check your utensils and plates! Service is okay, but it could be because the restaurant does get very busy. Great for when you're craving nice cheap food!My favorite restaurant in Chinatown. Outstanding service and really good food. I usually order anything from the first page of their menu. Service is fast, the staff is friendly, best shanghai steamed dumpling in town.Good Dim Sum place. Really long lines on the weekends, but it moves at a reasonable pace. My favorite thing here are the soup dumplings and scallion pancakes.My husband and I had lunch here on a recent trip to Philly.  This restaurant has a modern atmosphere and a mixture of traditional and more Americanized Chinese food. The quality of the food was excellent. The prices were somewhat higher than other restaurants in Chinatown, especially for dim sum.
We had the pork xiao long bao, Shanghai style shao mai, Shanghai triple delight mini wonton soup, marinated gluten, and mapo tofu. The xiao long bao were delicious with a lot of soup in each dumpling. The wonton soup had tender wontons with very light and flavorful broth. My husband really enjoyed the marinated gluten and said it was very authentic. The mapo tofu was some of the best that I had ever had with the sauce had a great mixture of spice with only a small amount of numbing pepper.  The only so-so dish was the shao mai.I kept deciding between a 4 and 5 star... but .. I can't even.. justify a 4 star. They are THAT good!
And the new location is goddamn BEAUTIFUL. That's what pushes it to the 5 star. It is just.. MILES AWAY from the old place. This place is huge!! You walk in: it's clean, modern, chique and actually quite large. You can walk alllll the way down the long skinny hallway. I also LOVE the open kitchen set up. It's beautiful, you gotta go see it.
With the beautiful renovation I was worried their prices would skyrocket! Nooo way. Still the good old prices we always knew. Maybe a quarter increase, MAYBE. 
Needless to say, SHANGHAI SOUP DUMPLINGS aka xialongbao. To die for. Don't burn your tongue when you bite the dumplings. You have to take a small bite, like the juice run out in your spoon.. and slurp it all up. What a comforting thought...
Scallion pancakes: done very well. wouldn't change a thing
Shrimp dumplings are good as well
A lot of people just get the XLB. I've ordered seaweed and egg soup, the items I described above and more. They've never disappointed me. Service is always quick, friendly and efficient. Goddamnit I want one now...service is a hit and miss. Its always pack on weekends. crabmeat xiao long bao is better than regular soup dumplingOh my gosh, this place is heaven. Definitely my favorite spot in Chinatown! The food is so good and my family and I (there were eight of us) ordered a lot from the menu and loved everything! There dumplings are out of this world. So much flavor! They just continuously bring you out food. It's reasonably priced and you definitely get your money's worth! Always will come back!Came here for Sunday lunch. The place was packed which usually is a good sign that the food is decent. The interior looks a lot more modern than most other places in Chinatown, it has an open kitchen which most Chinese restaurants don't do, and the place looks clean. The wait was a little long, that might be the only knock on the place. The food was good, I would def recommend the pan fried soup pork dumplings and the scallion pancakes. Service was quick but servers are not friendly, fairly typical of Chinese restaurants. Price was about right for the quantity and the quality. Overall it was a good experience and I would definitely come back again.Had lunch here yesterday. For two people under $20, with a lot of food. We had the spring rolls, vegetable buns and two orders of the pan fried soup dumplings. Everything was very tasty. Service was fast and the staff was very friendly.been to the new Dim Sum Garden on Race St quite a few times now... wasn't going to review it until I had been there a handful of times so they had time to work out kinks and such.
I've been going to DSG for years... It's my favorite little spot. Well, not so little anymore. The food is just as great. While there can be a bit of a language barrier with the wait staff, I don't find that to be any reason for me to take stars away. 
Xiaolongbao, aka soup dumplings are of course my favorite thing... Maybe ever. As well as the bok choy. I live for their bok choy. In addition, I really enjoy the turnip cakes, the pork and chive dumplings, and well... Anything I've tried. 
I will always find it a difficult task to be in the city and go somewhere else to eat.As a Chinese, this is an American Chinese restaurant and I wont recommend any of my American friend going there. There are better dim Sum restaurant around there. Just search dim sum in Yelp and you would see.This place sucks. The only thing I can eat here is STEAM RICE. Mapo Tofu here is the worst I have ever had. And dumplings and dim sum are freaking bad.
Never come to this place again.I see it echoed in some other reviews, but when I went here, I was pretty grossed out. There was a large uncovered piece of meat resting on the counter next to piles of dirty dishes where we were sitting waiting for our table. I'm fairly laid back so I let that go, hoping the food would be good, since I've heard so many positive things. The presentation was really sloppy for the vegetarian soup dumplings and they were fairly tasteless. I had to douse them in sauces and still didn't quite enjoy it. I chalked it up to maybe what I ordered isn't their strong suit, but the other people I was with ordered a bunch of different things, some with meat and no one was impressed. My one friend ordered hot and sour soup (again, probably not their strongest dish but how can you mess that up?) and it was in a thin tasteless broth. I would not go again. I noticed a lot of college-age people there with bottles of wine, so I'm assuming it's more geared toward that crowd.Soup dumplings are amazing here. A quick tip to determine how many orders to get is to count how many people are in your group and then add a couple more. The service staff here are pretty attentive and more so than most Asian restaurants. 
However, I would suggest against ordering past the first two pages of their menu. The restaurant is aptly named, and only their dim sum is worth praising as their entrees arent that good. I remember the sad colored water that I got called "taro bubble tea" and regret not going to one of the nearby bubble tea places. 
(BTW, I found out that another place called "Tom's Dim Sum" thats just a couple blocks away offers very similar quality pork soup dumplings like a dollar cheaper per order, but the Garden's still taste a little better)Favorite place in Chinatown! Best dim sum, reasonable prices, byob. I have nothing negative to say about this place! Keep it up, dim sum garden!Introduced to this place by my friend and pleasantly surprised.  I love soup dumplings (Xiao long bao) and they I would have to say have the best in Philly.  There is so much soup in the bun.  I have tried Joe's Shanghai in NYC and I think its close if not better.  I'll have to do a test one day to compare.  Only real downfall is that they only take cash.  I've never eaten here only have done take out a few times.Pretty good BYOB in the heart of Chinatown. Although they have a very extensive menu, the soup dumplings are a definite must. The pork soup dumplings are my go to every time and I've never been disappointed. The fried cheese wontons are also great on the side. This place is great for large groups and you always leave with a pretty inexpensive tab and full stomach.We must've had the wrong dishes, food was mediocre. Scallion pancakes were decent, crisp but still oily. Shrimp dumplings were fine but not fantastic. Pork and napa dumplings had a nice gingery touch but didn't taste flavorful. Service was great.I was a bit disappointed to find out this is the not the traditional dim sum where they push carts around. However, it was still decent. The soup dumpling is the specialty there.Awesome soup dumplings and variety
BYO
Cheap
Only accepts cash so beware of thatExcellent yummy food. The Shanghai soup dumplings were very good, so too the beef dumplings, and the Shanghai wonton noodle soup was great. I loved the sauces at the table. My reason for four stars is because the noodles and the clear shrimp dumplings were overcooked. Would definitely recommend and likely return!Service & quality have really gone down here & the prices have gone way up!. The sui mai, my favorite from here, is now gummy, tough & lost much of the flavor it had in the past. The pork soup dumplings were not as roasty as they used to be. The pan fried chive dumplings were overcooked & hard. This was a terrible take out experience. I ordered on yelp (bc they only take cash otherwise). The yelp/grub hub order system told me 55 to 65 mins to pick up so I called to ask ifc that was right. They told me 10 mins as they always do. When I came in a after about 15 or 20 mins they acted like they never heard of my order. They look around at all the orders very confused h then determine it hasn't been made yet. Then they treat you like a 2nd class citizen telling me to sit at the lonelylonely unused bar.   
I'm not sure if I'll be back which is sad considering dim sum garden has been as long term favorite. I think they failed at scaling this place. They were much better under the dirty convention center, by the bus terminal,  on 11th st with the old grandma's making their food.The price, the smoothies and the pork soup dumplings are the greatest features of this place. The food is great but sometimes a little disappointing. Went yesterday and ordered a chicken noodle dish and the chicken was like a jello/rubber texture - kinda scary. Definitely order the pork soup dumplings though - they are amazing!!! And their smoothies - just fresh fruit slushies - delicious!You can't go wrong here. Get the soup dumplings. They will fill you with warm crab and pork loveliness. Always pleasantly surprised when the bill comes. Not sure about the entrees but you can't go wrong sticking to the dim sum offerings.That place? Yeah, that's the place. It's in that little underpass, right where you catch the Chinatown bus. I'm not usually one for eating dumplings in a tunnel, but for once I'll break this persnickety little rule of mine. 
This was the mission: I had not had xiao long bao in forever, and word on the street was that that this was the spot for soup dumplings in Philly. Yay, man, for real. The steamed "juicy pork buns," as they're called on the menu are some fine, fine XLB. Tender dumpling skin surrounds a rich, porky broth and meatiness. 
If you've never had xiao long bao before, don't just bite into them like some crazed dumpling beast. You'll end up with a big burned lip, ya animal, and the worst part is that you'd be wasting that delicious broth. Tsk, tsk.
 It just takes a little technique. Not sure if my moves are authentic or not, but I don't waste a drop of that soup, so it's been working out for me. I hold the thicker part of the dumpling with my chop sticks as I hold it in the soup spoon as the same time. A tiny bite lets the juiciness flow out to fill up the spoon. Slurp that up, then enjoy the rest of that xlb of yours. That's how I do; maybe a little hot chile or gingery dumpling sauce...but really these don't need any extra thing. For a little more than $5 for 8 of em, it's a snack that I will most likely have a hard time scurrying by in that little 11th street tunnel.So delicious, it makes me sad that I can't eat anything off the menu now! (Vegan). But for those meat eaters out there, give this place a whirl you will LOVE it. Try the chicken on a stick, so simple but tasty! And remember to eat your dumplings properly.Dumplings were Excellent! Tried 3 types and they were all great. Chow fun noodles were great also, although it went by another name. Definitely a must visit place in Philly.Shanghai restaurant. Superior version of Xiaolongbao; plump and fresh tasting. The Shanghai fried soup dumpling was very good, too. And everything else was at least good.This place is more Shanghai based than the traditional Cantonese based dim sum, so quite a few favorites of mine was missing. The food overall was OK, with the only item standing out to be the Dikon cake, which was extremely good!This place is amazing. Their food is amazing and the prices are really cheap. Be prepared to leave stuffed.I didn't know what a soup dumpling was until I visited this place and another place called Sakura Mandarin a couple of doors away, and I have to say they taste like Gods are having sex in your mouth. Unprotected sex that is, so be careful because the contents of the dumpling (the soup) can be pretty hot. For those who ignore it, those dumplings are like regular dumplings but they tightly sealed with some sort of soup inside that will wake the hell out of you. The dough, by the way, is fresh, just as in the noodle soup I ordered, and its chewiness is simply unforgettable. I'm not really a fan of noodle soups, but the freaking hand made fresh noodles will make enjoy anything on your plate. I also got fried rice, something that looked like arepas, and some veggie dumplings and everything seemed cooked by Martha Stewart on Crystal Meth. I also ordered a diet coke and the whole bill was around 25 bucks for big portions we couldn't finish and had to take home. In a nutshell, great restaurant. Better than anything I've tried in LA.Quick service great service and the soup dumplings ..Tricky to eat but worth it ...This place opened up its second location about a year ago and we haven't looked back since!
Today we ordered pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, pork and chive panfried dumplings, brisket noodle soup (hand tossed noodles) and pan fried pork soup dumplings all for under 30$. The amount of food you get for the price is absolutely absurd. We have yet to make a trip without leaving with leftovers. 
The only drawback is that it's cash only but there is an ATM on site. Luckily, I'm willing to look past certain things as this is our favorite dim sum spot in Philadelphia!Four of us ate here today and overall we were disappointed.
We shared appetizers:
Pork Moon Cakes - these were small for the price, but were tasty when you got a bite that had a good ratio of dough to filling
Bean Paste Cakes - I've had better, but I can't really find anything specific to point fault at
Steamed Veggie Dumplings - nothing to write home about
Fried Pork Soup Dumplings - these were fabulous
________________________
My husband ordered General Tso's Chicken with Noodles.  He requested the dish to be made extra spicy and it was still very mild.  It was a good sized serving for the money, but pretty light on the chicken.
My daughter got the Shrimp with Broccoli over Ho Fun noodles.  She found it enjoyable.  But, as above, it was mostly noodle.
Her boyfriend and I each ordered the Duck over noodles.  This was a severe disappointment.  First the bulk of the dish was noodles and bok choy.  The duck serving was small and mostly bones.  Additionally, while the noodles, sauce, and vegetables were nice and hot - the duck was ice cold, as if it came right out of the 'fridge.  We sent it back and it came back out hot - scalding hot, plate and all so it was obvious that it had taken a ride in the microwave.  Not only did this overheat the dish, but it made the noodles gummy and the meat tough and chewy.
Further, while the restaurant is listed as wheelchair accessible, it is not wheelchair friendly.  There is very little room to navigate throughout the space.  More concerning, when we were leaving, the ramp that leads to the upper level of the restaurant, was filled with patrons waiting to be seated making our exit impossible until every person found someplace else to stand.
_______________________
Finally service is haphazard.  Our appetizers came out quickly, followed almost immediately by our entrees, making us feel rushed.  Requesting refills on drinks were often overlooked, not just by our table but by the one next to us as well.  Also, a server ran their cart into my daughter's wheelchair, when busing tables.  He neither apologized nor even acknowledged hitting her.
As we live about an hour away from Philadelphia, making this a special outing, we were really let down.
(written by K Dolinger)I don't understand why this restaurant gets such good reviews. It's not up to par with the authentic food experience in the rest of Chinatown. The shanghai soup dumplings were not refined and the potistickers were lacked a good chewy dough. 
I suppose it's good for non Chinese speaking Americans as the service is friendly and the waitstaff are eager to recommend and help even if you don't speak English. 
For me, I think I'll stick with the traditional Chinese fair in Chinatown.What a find!  Spend hours and hours here with friends.  The lunch was delicious, served quickly, and hot and tasty.  We all ordered from the lunch specials and they were very good and extremely well-priced.
The restaurant was so relaxed.   We ate and then sat drinking tea and socializing for a long time.  No one rushed us out at all.  There were some empty tables, otherwise we would not have stayed.  It was a delicious, relaxing time.  Super clean restroom, as well!  Always a plus in my book.  Check this place out.  Enormous menu.  You will surely find what you like!To start off, they have great dim sum. It comes out fast, and very delicious. However, the service is horrible. Waitress and the waiter is all over the place and I get a sense that they want us to leave as soon as possible. Let me enjoy my meal, you know? One thing I don't like is that they accept cash only most the times. Am I the only one who doesn't carry cash around?Coming from New York, I'm used to the traditional dim sum with the carts. My friends and I were craving for some dim sum and stumbled upon this place with good reviews. The food was okay, I've had better. The xiao long bao is pretty good, I'd recommend it. Other than that it's pretty average food. I wouldn't come here just for the dim sum.Amazing soup dumplings. Love going here every time I am in Philly!  Fast and friendly serviceThis has been my go-to place in Chinatown for years and I love bringing out of town guests or coming here on group dates. The food is really great. Aside from the soup dumplings which are obviously a must, the chicken on a stick is my favorite and always a crowd pleaser. They had a health code violation a few years ago and had to close but it hasn't really stopped me from coming back (although the bathroom + kitchen certainly could look cleaner).
They do not take reservations but don't let the line intimidate you, it moves quickly - especially for smaller groups. It used to be BYOB making the meal very affordable. The last time I came they added alcohol to the menu and while they still allow you to BYO they charge a somewhat ridiculous $15 corkage fee (although you at least get real wine glasses now instead of red solo cups). . 
Definitely don't come here expecting world class service. BUT if you want amazing dim sum, yup this is the place.Love this place. Service is super fast!  Food is delicious. Even if you come and there's a long line moves pretty quickly so don't fret.My family loves shrimp dumplings and scallion pancakes. I enjoy the soup dumplings.  The one thing they could absolutely work on is the cleanliness of their pots. I get that they are used over and over again. Sometimes they look like they need a good scrubbing as food residue may be left on the outside. The bathrooms clubs also use a bit of TLC.Best dumplings I've ever gotten in philly's chinatown. 
We ordered practically one of everything on the dim sum menu (still kind of surprised we ate it all). And we had a slight hiccup. We asked for 2., 4., 8. and 10. and the guy taking our order thought we wanted 2 orders of number 4. We caught it in enough time, they fixed it and we're really gracious about it. THAT is hard to find in chinatown!
So, the reason for 4 instead of 5 stars, we got there at 10:30 when they opened and we were seated ordered and we're told our dumplings would take about 20 mins. Makes sense, they just opened, they're not super simple to make. Sure! 40 mins goes by and we're waiting for that #2 and #4 to come out. When we ask a waitress she said "it's takes 20 mins and we just opened." We got here at 10:30 when you supposedly opened. Nothing had really been set up at 10:30. If they aren't ready to serve anyone until 11 or 11:15, then don't open until then. Easily overlooked bc of the great food, but it is a little annoying. My advice get there before noon to avoid the rush, but eat breakfast a little later, you'll be waiting a long time.Dimsum garden is a deceiving named restaurant.  For being called dimsum garden they don't sell that many dimsum dishes.  That being said they do make up for it in the quality of their regular dishes.  Their soup dumplings are great and are a must try if you've never had them before.  I also recommend the their Shanghai shuomai which is essentially sticky rice in a dumpling!  This venue can get pretty crowded during the dinner hours so def. Plan accordingly! I should mention that they're priced fairly and do offer take out!Cheap and delicious! It took a few months of living in philly to discover this place, but once I did I just kept going back. First off, it's BYOB. The soup dumplings and scallion pancakes are two musts, and the scallion noodles, pan fried dumplings, and shumai are all delicious as well. The service is not necessarily the best, but it's fast and it's chinatown.My wife loves this place for its vegetarian friendly menu. I enjoy the dumplings and scallion pancakes.the food was soooo good i just really liked it that's why this is in all caps 
best chinese food for me here in philly :)) i loved it.. it was so good!This place was amazing,  great food, tasty, inexpensive, great location, jusy a little to on top of people no space to relax, tables are teally close together , but other than that great, it is a byob so that was a plus as well, will be back to have more delicious,  the beef frird potatoes were amazingThis was my first dim sum experience and I'm all about it! I went with three other friends on a Saturday morning around 11am. The place was busy, but luckily there was a table in the back for a party of our size. Within 3 minutes of sitting, an unamused waitress came to our table saying "I take your order now". I requested some extra time to look at the menu since we'd never been before. She rolled her eyes and left our table dragging her feet. Not a great beginning to our experience here. Since three of the four of us were new to dim sum, we ordered about 6-8 dishes to try a little of everything. Our food came out fairly quickly, but not as quickly as I had expected based on how fast the waitress expected us to order. Everything we had was great! I really enjoyed the spring rolls, cheese fried wontons, beef dumplings and shrimp dumplings. We also had the pork soup dumplings (and crab pork soup dumplings), which were messy to eat until we spied on our neighbors using both chopsticks AND the soup spoon. Genius! I was excited to try new things accompanied by Thai tea bubble tea. Yum! This is a cash only place but the price is definitely right! It was $50 for the four of us (before tip). Definitely come with a crowd, cash and a big appetite! Can't wait to go back and hopefully get a more pleasant waitress or waiter.i've been going to dim sum garden for years...  i've turned every friend and family member into soup dumpling and bok choy junkies, following in my footsteps.  i could eat a plate of the pork juicy buns, and a plate of bok choy every single day, and i don't think these items will ever lose their luster.  
i also enjoy their pan friend pork and chive dumplings, shumai, and just tried and enjoyed the turnip cake as per sally's recommendation (the adorable and sweet girl usually behind the counter).
there's no aspect of this restaurant that could take stars away for me.
LOVE.Super cheap great quality. Only place in Philadelphia where i found good soup dumplings. Typical Chinatown atmosphere, loud, service isn't consistent sometimes it great sometimes it bad but hey that's just china townIf i could go here every night i would. The best dumplings,  noodles,  vegetable dishes.  Yum!  #1, 2, 8, 10, 24, 26, 55, 75, 82, 83a, we'll you can't go wrong with any number!We love this place!  The soup dumplings are great, although the steamed version is much better than panfried in my opinion.  The scallion pancakes are good, but can be chewy if ordered for takeout (best to have them dine-in).  One of our other favorites here are the pumpkin cakes.  They are sweet and gooey on the inside, crispy on the outside, and have a hint of taro flavor.Never have I been so disappointed in dim sum!  I should have known.  When you walk in to a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, and you see that only 2 people in the crowd are Asian, you know you're in the wrong place.  Turn around and run away!  Out of 6 items that we ordered, only 2 were good (and by good, I mean average):  the pork soup dumplings and the red bean cake.  Everything else was completely disappointing.Dim Sum Garden is known for their soup dumplings and they are delicious! It's hands down my favorite and the best soup dumpling place in philly. My favorite is the pork soup dumplings. I have friends who that love the crab soup dumplings and the pan fried soup dumplings, which are also very good. They have many other dishes, but my friends and I usually get the string beans and the scallion pancakes to go alongside the soup dumplings. Sometimes I might switch out the veggies with bok choy or the chinese broccoli. Can't go wrong with those dishes! And if we want dessert, we usually get the sweat red bean cakes.
What makes this place stand out, other than the delicious soup dumplings, are the chili oil and the dumpling sauce. They are delicious! I like to combine both of them together and mix it with the soup dumplings. It is heavenly!! So GOOD!!!
This place is also BYOB, so bring your own if you want!
Oh and this place can get very busy during dinner time so expect to wait in line if that's the case.
Would I recommend this place? Yes!
Would I get these again? Yes, and I already have many times xDI'd live here if I could. My picks are the steamed pork soup dumplings, pan-fried pork and chive dumplings and cold cucumber.i come for the soup dumplings, i stay for everything else. 
I loved the old school jawn next to the chinatown bus stop, but i can't help myself, i love the new place even more because it's all bright and shiny.Food is amazing here. Try crab and pork juicy buns and siu mai.Dim Sum garden is my favorite Shanghai restaurant that I have encountered as of yet in America.  The highlight of the whole place is the xiao long bao also known as soup buns.  For the uninitiated these are buns which are delicately made with thin shells and filled with steaming hot soup which consists of pork and broth.  They are to die for but one must also be careful not to have the hot soup squirt out on them which can sometimes be a difficult task.  This place has the best soup buns I have had since I have been to Shanghai. I am serious about this as I have been to Flushing and Chinatown and not found any as tasty as these. They are succulent and flavorful and warm you up from the inside.  
Now let's tackle the rest of the menu.  The menu is really trying to cater to all tastes. It has traditional Shanghai dishes to Americanized Chinese food and just plain Fried Chicken with French Fries.  The dim sum items are definitely the highlight.  The aforementioned xiao long bao are the best and available in both pork and pork with seafood varieties. The pork dumplings and siu mai are also good and some of the better I have had. The scallion pancakes are definitely worth a try as well. The pork with sauce noodle is also a favorite of mine and very flavorful.  Some of the other foods are great and some are just average and you do have to pick carefully.  I would also recommend the beef brisket and the mapo tofu. The more Americanized you go the more likely you will be disappointed.  Be sure to check out the daily specials as there is always stuff that is not on the main menu.  Recently there has been this soup which is good I think it is a sweet hot and sour soup though they described as a minestrone. It is good and quite unlike anything I have tasted though there is an excess of broth. The noodle dishes are all great as the noodles are all handmade.    You can really taste the difference.  So if you are deciding between rice and noodles, go for the noodles.  Many of the dishes can also be served in a soup form with the noodles submerged which is also quite good.  Overall there is a lot of variety to please most anyone you bring with you.    
Next, the pricing is amazing.  This place is giving McDonald's a run for its money. Most main dishes are under $7 and the portions are quite large.  I would be shocked if you spent more than $20 on a meal for two and left without leftovers especially since there is no alcohol.  Actually the drink selection is limited to tea or soda pretty much.  The food generally comes out pretty quick so it's a good place if you are in a hurry.  
The staff is great.  They try their best to be helpful and make you feel welcome despite the language barrier.  They started to remember me by the second time I had come there which is impressive.  I still remember that I came in once when it was empty with a few people and they were doing food prep on one of the tables.  The immediately started to clean up and move to the back room and asked us to sit there. We said it wasn't necessary but they said it was the biggest table and they insisted.  It's moments like that will make you feel welcome somewhere and go beyond what is normally defined as service.  Seriously the people who work here are some of the nicest people I have met a restaurant and that alone makes me want to keep going back.  
The location is awful.  It will put a lot of people off. It is a weird area under a tunnel.  There are a lot of shady characters outside at times due to the proximity to the bus stop.  However, in addition to being located next to both the Chinatown and Greyhound bus stops, it is conveniently located close to Reading Terminal Market, the Market East Station, and the Convention Center.  I actually first discovered it wondering around after the flower show. Once again, you literally feel like you are underneath a bridge somewhere about to do a drug deal by the time you reach the place.  Okay I'm exaggerating quite a bit but I have taken people there and they seemed a bit hesitant.  It is safe though really.   
The interior leaves a lot to be desired. It is eerily lit by the excessive neon in the front windows.  The furniture is all from IKEA and the wall is painted in an attempt to look more modern.  There are pictures of food above the cashier counter that does not highlight the breadth or best parts of the menu.  The place is very clean but feels damp due to the location being somewhat cave-like.  There is a TV playing asian music videos which are often quite amusing.   The place seems a lot nicer from the inside than the outside.  Don't let the location or the restaurant's appearance put you off this really is a diamond in the rough.   Dim Sum Garden will leave you pleasantly surprised and craving more.  I can personally attest to this as I keep coming back for the food and the people.I travel across town just to eat there.  Fresh dim sum, made while you wait -usually 10 minutes or so.  No matter how difficult they are to eat, the juicy buns are amazing.  Between them and the pan fried dumplings, I can't bring myself to order anything else off their menu.  Little skill or care was put in to the boxy, fluorescent space, but the staff is lovable -and if you can't stand to eat there, they serve to go as well.Let's get this off my chest:
This is not dim sum. This is normal, portioned food. So don't "dim sum" ME, unless you got your fried taro or radish cakes, shrimped wrapped in rice noodles, and saumai THAT HAS MEAT IN IT. 
Otherwise, this is a good place. The Shanghai saumai was like WHOA to my taste buds (sticky rice inside?!) and the green onion pancake was delectable. I totally got the Shanghai wonton noodle soup high. Perfectly seasoned (i.e. salted just enough that the wonton flavor still dominates).
Let's see, oh yes and the Xiao Long Bao was DRIPPING in its juices. And adding juiciness to juiciness was our pork/chive dumplings. Cute little things didn't disappoint.
The condiments they put out (ginger-soy sauce, and this other sweet vinegar) were lovely. Mm!
See? I'm only mad about the name, but my tummy says everything's going to be alllllll right.Noodles and dumplings are made on premises. All fresh, authentic and highly tasty.We just ate here about an hour ago, after reading all the wonderful reviews we just had to try it....so we drove an hour from DE and came out so disappointed, we were scared by the facade but that was expected, so, we still went in. Parking in the area was $24...which is not sooooo worth what we went there for. If you were only there to eat the soup dumplings then you'll be satisfied, however, I also ordered the general Tso's which tasted like an orange chicken and our friend ordered a wanton soup that tasted like water. He should know good food, he's a very good cook! Needless to say, next time we come back here we'll be visiting Wokano again.I had some time to kill today once I got off work. So I headed into Chinatown to checkout Dim Sum Garden, since its been one of my bookmarks for awhile. 
I ordered the pork buns and spring rolls for lunch. Even though I thought that all of the hype surrounding these pork buns would amount to nothing more than a novelty, these buns turned out to be well worth the ride to get them. Thankfully I read enough reviews to know how to not burn my mouth with the broth  inside. I could have eaten much more, but what I had satisfied my appetite for the afternoon. 
I'll have to plot my next lunch here soon. Not many seats available inside at noon. But I'd just as happy taking the order to go.All of what you expect from this type of joint.  Quick, cheap, kinda dirty, staff who speak broken English, wide menu selection, etc.  Not that these are bad things, but Dim Sum Garden doesn't really stand out for me in any way worth reporting.  It's straightforward and safe.
I've been here a couple times now, and actually prefer the pan-fried dumplings over the more renowned steamed "soup dumplings" which the staff here has pushed on me each time I've visited.  Nothing special really and kind of a pain to eat.  If this is your idea of "fun" then, well...good for you.
Also their chopsticks suck.  They seem...greasy.  Hard to handle.I am shamed to say I live a block from dim sum garden and have only just discovered its magic. 
my boyfriend and i stumbled past DSG after some drinks and thought it was time to try it. Being not totally sober and not familiar with the soupy dumplings, I immediately made a huge mess and mangled my beautiful dumplings. Our waitress--who epitomized efficiency and basically predicted our every need--intervened and gave us some pointers on how to properly eat them. She also gave us a great recommendation of a dish to try when we were ordering. 
As two drunkies with big appetites, we ordered three dumpling varietals and scallion pancake and couldn't possibly finish it all. The whole meal was $18. 
As someone who lives in Chinatown, I have yet to find such an intersection of service, taste, and price. 
I will be back!Yum! More Shanghai style than traditional Hong Kong style. Very tasty and available at 3 in the afternoon! Our party of 10 thoroughly enjoyed it. (Some of us have lived in HK, and some of us are Asian!)My lunch-buddy and I are always on the prowl for cheap eats and were happy to discover Dim Sum Garden's soup dumplings. Not only are they cheap, but for a little over $5, you get eight dumplings filled with delicious broth. I'm not saying it's fat free because once the broth began to cool, you could indeed see the congealed grease, but that's common with soups and/or gravies, right? Hey- I don't complain! I walk away with a belly full of delicious hot pork, broth and spare change. You'll also get hot tea and in and out in record time! I've tried other dumplings, too, and have been pleasantly surprised, but I keep coming back for the "juicy" dumplings. Warning: Poke a hole in the top and let them cool before shoveling the entire thing in your mouth- don't be dainty, eat it whole or you're wasting your time!Went here for a late dinner (around 9pm).
Xia Long Bao (soup dumplings) were good. Skin was not too thick or thin and there was an adequate amount of soup.  The vinegar that they have in the jar is too strong tasting for the XLBs though.
Chilli cabbage shredded pork noodle (lo mein noodle) was okay,  It wasn't too greasy, which is always a good thing.
Hot and sour soup was NOT what I expected.  It was NOT spicy and it was NOT sour.  It was slightly sweet, perhaps from the pieces of tomatoes they add in there.  The consistency was also a bit watery.  
Price was decent. About 15 for all 3 dishes.Today was my first time here based on Yelp's search and reviews.
The scallion pancakes were crispy and delicious, best served with the dumpling sauce (for me)
The Shanghai soup dumplings were also great, but watch out for the hot soup inside!
I wasn't a big fan of their Wonton Ho fun soup and their triple steamed dumplings.
Next time i come here, i think im going to order all appetizers.... and many orders of scallion pancakes and soup dumplings YUMI've been to this place a bunch of times and have always had great food.  My favorite dish is the Fried bean curd noodle with soup.  The portion is huge-one I could never finish, but I enjoy the first bite as much as I do the last, and that's saying something.  The spring rolls are good as well.  The scallion pancakes are good like some of the reviews say, but once was enough for me as far as those go.
I've read a bunch of reviews on this place and I just have a few things to say about the comments in those reviews.  If you're looking to get your a$$ kissed or an overly friendly server who is going to coddle you through your whole meal-don't go here.  This isn't the place for you.  If you're looking for a trendy spot with Ikea furniture throughout, stay away.  These people serve delicious hot food quickly and for a fair price.  As far as I'm concerned, that's good enough for me.
The great thing about Philadelphia is that there's 950902920 other restaurants for you to choose from if you're looking for those kinds of things.  With the limited seating at Dim Sum Garden, people who actually enjoy this restaurant would rather you go to those anyway.Soup dumpling review only:
Stop #2378 of long weekend Philly food tour brought me and the boy here to try what Yelpers proclaim the best soup dumplings in the city. Now, of course, I have not had every soup dumpling in the city, so I cannot be unfair to the other little soup dumplings and say Dim Sum Garden's is the best.
It is, however, on par with the best soup dumplings I've had in Boston and some decent ones I've had in Toronto (Asian food heaven). Not as good as Taiwan, but is anything? (The answer is no).
The pork and crab meat dumplings are larger than most I've had and the soup is hot and flavorful without being too greasy. The filling is tender and succulent and the skin is thick and chewy. Eight of these babies in and you'll be ready to pop soup yourself.I love going here for brunch and getting an order of soup dumplings and the pork and chive pan-fried dumplings. It costs less than $15 (with tip!) and feeds two people to the gills. DELICIOUS.I love this place!  It's the best dim sum in the city and the price is dirt cheap.  The pork buns are a must and so is the seafood pancake.  You shouldn't go there for the atmosphere but the food is authentic and always packed with Chinese locals... a good sign for sure!  If you have a dim sum craving, this is the place!This is probably the best and most memorable dim sum I've had in Philly.  Don't go for the ambiance, and don't expect white linen tablecloth service.  It's fast, friendly and delicious.  Four people stuffed ourselves here for under $45, which is also a huge draw considering how quality the flavors are.  Of course we had soup dumplings (need to work on perfecting my soup dumpling technique), which were a hit with everyone.  Other great dishes - scallion pancakes, shrimp dumplings, seaweed salad and sautéed bok choy by our server's recommendation (a surprise favorite).  We also had some sort of minced pork noodles - very good, but sort of a poor man's Han Dynasty dan dan.  It was packed on a random weekend afternoon, but it's totally worth the wait (or even having to eat standing up - you won't be able to help yourself)!Agreed on the xiao long bao soup dumplings.  Very tasty and definately would return for those.  But I warn anyone from the West Coast coming here to feel like SF/LA Chinatown home.  I think she said this is "Shanghai" dim sum.  I might have the location wrong but regardless the differences are huge.  First and foremost, a shu mai is more like a dumpling with sticky rice and a bit of meat (rice ball), not pure pork with a shrimp on top.  The Har Gow uses tiny tiny shrimp and no ginger, so it ends up tasting like a really cheap version of Har Gow.  The onion pancake I think I've had better; it was more dense than I like.  The pork potstickers were ok.  We got a noodle dish that was pretty good with a nice tea flavor to it.  
Overall, if I didn't have expectations for tastes of home or didn't know better I wouldn't have been so disappointed.  But I feel like a lot of Philly Asian food reviews are done by people who don't know better.  Coming from SF, there aren't exactly a ton of Asians here.I haven't even tasted the food yet but I don't like this restaurant already. I by mistake came here to pick up my food although I had ordered at the other dim sum garden. They both are on same street and have same names which can be quite confusing . The lady here said she hasn't started making the food yet and she took my money . I said to her that j spoke over the phone and she said it was ready. She said she is going to make it soon and I don't have to wait long. Until then I did not know I had ordered at the other one and there were two restaurants by same name. She could have at least told me to check with the other restaurant . Now I ended up paying here and my food is getting ready and at the other place I guess the food is ready and they are eating for me to pick it up. Pure act of selfishness . I know the food here tastes good but I did not like the mindset.I finally had the chance to try the Xiao Long Bao, and they were really good.  I am so happy to finally have a place to get these instead of having to go all the way to NYC.  Their noodles were also really good, made in the restaurant, and when I asked the waitress, she said the "dry style" was better than the soup style.  I got the dry noodles, and although they were a little salty, they were really tasty.  Don't let this place close down, Philly definitely needs more Chinese restaurants than the usual Cantonese style!
Next time, I want to try their dumplings and their scallion pancake.  Also, as a side note, they do sell their dumplings raw, if you want to take them home and freeze them.  Same price as cooked at the restaurant.Food is amazing!!!! They are almost always packed. Try the soup dumpling and any of the homemade noodles.
Don't be put off by the location... it's worth trying!!A true diamond in the rough. The dingy fast food looking exterior is quite a deception to the incredibly authentic Chinese dishes inside. The crab/pork soup dumplings are a must, and the sweet soy sauce in the porcelain jars on the table are a perfect accompaniment. 
I found the best way to eat their soup dumplings with the least amount of wasted juice is to place the dumpling onto a spoon, bite a tiny hole on the side, let it cool, carefully sip the juice, pour soy sauce into the hole, and take a bite. Divine. 
The braised beef over noodles or the understated eggs and tomatoes over rice make perfect main course. Dishes are full of flavor, but not too greasy or heavily sauced. Amazingly cheap, and although not the ideal place for a first date, it's perfect for dinner with a few friends.I am kinda sorta a fan... I liked the food, but the place was freezing!    Now about the food....
After a hard day of shopping at the King of Prussia mall we decided on some dim sum.  When you first arrive you feel like you just walked into an annex of the chinese bus station next door...the decor is sparse and utilitarian...however peruse the menu and your thoughts change....I thought myself, "Let's have some fun."   And so I did.  I started with the pork dumpling soup.   Dumplings were tasty but the broth was metallic tasting.  Weird huh?   Next up was fried egg, tomatoes, pickes, and baby bok choy....sounds gross right?  Well, it worked.  It was tasty as all can be.  I am making it for breakfast...  Next up was pork and crab something or others...they were mini explosins of pork and crab that  I had to receive special instructions on how to eat. 
Service - is fast and mercenary.  
Tea - weak and metallic.
Homeless  people wander in at times.  But hey this is Philly...
Bathrooms - no idea.  Did not want to know really.Was gonna go to Rangoon for lunch today.  Glad I decided to do that some other time.  Lunch at DSG was awesome.  My friend and I had:
Cabbage & Chili Soup- excellent (only $1.50!)
Seaweed salad- very nice
Pork soup dumplings- to die for
Fried Veg Dumplings- exquisite, tiny diced tofu, chives & other veg, way better than typical veg dumplings
Cold cucumber- very nice, I wonder if the the cukes are slightly fermented, definitely more going on than typical Chinese cold cucumber salad
Another order of pork soup dumplings, we couldn't resist.
We left stuffed and happy, the bill was only $26.95!
YUM!Once you've mastered how to eat these delicious soup dumplings without juices exploding everywhere and burning your face off, you're cool in my book.
Yeah the underpass location is sketchy, but an inexpensive AND delicious center city lunch isn't perfect.For decor, Dim Sum Garden gets roughly 0 stars. But, the food is really good. The chicken dumplings are some of the best dumplings I have had in North America. The Bok Choy was well prepared in some tasty butter sauce. The vegetable buns were a bit dry. The vegetable dumplings were good.I just moved to Philly after 7 years in San Francisco, so my soup dumpling standards are high.  Dim Sum Garden has phenomenal soup dumplings.  They call them pork buns or something like that (top of the menu).  Pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, you can't go wrong.  They are out of this world.  Also, the food is super cheap and the staff is very nice.  Go there. Now.Dim Sum Garden was a welcome surprise.  We were looking for a quick bite to eat before the Philadelphia Flower Show and found out about Dim Sum Garden here at Yelp.  The pork and chive dumplings were the best I've ever had, soup dumplings were great, beef noodle soup was so-so, scallion pancakes good but a little bland.   This is definitly a take-out, dive atompshere, but they had table service and the whole experience was a satisfying adventure.When I first came through the door I had the feeling that I was in the wrong place. I'm used to the big Dim Sum houses of San Francisco and Oakland Chinatowns where a battalion of non-English speaking Chinese woman push around the traditional carts. This place had about a dozen tables and no carts.
I've never had Xiao long bao and wish I had read up on these juicy bites of goodness before I arrived. The little dumpling exploded onto my shirt, pants, and table while I sat there with an expression like I had just let out a loud fart by accident. I wised up and used a soup spoon to cradle the 2nd dumpling while I carefully bit the corner off and sucked out the most amazing broth I have ever had. I also had a great flat noodle dish with pork that was quite tasty.
The next time you find yourself close to this underpass by Reading Terminal, do yourself a favor and try the Xiao long bao, just remember to wear an old shirt.The single best dish here is #2a. Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Juice Buns 6 pcs. (sheng jian bao). Just doughy enough, crispy charred bottom, porky filling. Possibly the best sheng jian bao I've ever had. I now order this on every trip here. I don't know why people don't rave about this dish more!!!
But one order of sheng jian bao is not enough food, so I usually also order something else for a typical lunch. My second favorite dish here is the pork and crab soup dumplings (xiao long bao) everyone else is always raving about (#2. Shanghai Crabmeat & Pork Juicy Buns 8 pcs). I think the one with crab is better than the pork-only one.
I've also tried the steamed chives & pork dumplings (#6) once. The wrappers came out mushy and overcooked. The filling was fine, but they weren't amazing. I might try the dumplings again, probably pan fried next time.
They do take credit cards, but there's a $20 minimum.delicious noodle soup and soup dumplings.  Fast service, great prices, awesome food... worth the drive from Baltimore.For what it is, it's awesome! My husband and I are from out of town and love dim sum. We can't get it back home (in the sticks) so we always look for an authentic place when we travel. No need for fancy tables or ambience; we're all about the food. Bring on the dives and spare me the formalities!
We spent $20 (not including tip), and were stuffed! Yes, $20 fed us both for dinner! It was so good but we were amazed we finished it all. They bring you ice water right away. The plastic tables and chairs were clean and comfortable. The AC was much appreciated during one of the four heat waves so far in Philly this year. The service was attentive but we're also not shy to ask for another fork or more water, for example. Our waiter made great recommendations too. Everyone was very pleasant.
Shrimp dumplings- hubby ate those and liked them but didn't rave. 
Juicy pork buns- dumplings with pork and soup inside- their specialty and a must try!
Pork noodles with sauce- fantastic and somehow tasted better with every bite. 
Chive pancake- wicked good too! A nice alternative texture to the rest of our meal. Not too greasy, great flavor. 
Another reviewer mentioned a situation where part of their group was served and eating before the others' food arrived or even ordered. I may have witnessed a similar situation at an adjacent table. Three of the four men were eating and seemed to be finishing up when the fourth man's food arrived. However, I was not a party to this group so I don't know the entire situation. 
Our experience was very enjoyable and we may even go back again for lunch before we leave despite all the wonderful dining options this city has to offer. 
They do accept credit cards but prefer cash.I would have to say that this place is good for where it is at.  Philadelphia isnt really known for their asian population so for the quality of shanghai soupy dumplings... its great.  Dont get me wrong, its not bad... the skin is thin but i have had thinner and yummy juices.  I just recently tried another place in NY for dumplings and that was DELICIOUS!!!! 
I will definitly go back to this place and try others dishes... looking forward to try their noodles.I've had better dim sum to say the least. While the prices initially look good, you can normally get dim sum for far cheaper. 
I had heard good things about their soup dumplings, but I'm sorely disappointed by the ones I got. The soup was far sweeter than I'm used to. 
The Siu Mai was good though. As were the shrimp dumplings.The crab meat shao long ton ( soup dumpling) bao was delicous!!There is not much I can say about Dim Sum Garden that hasn't been said before. Every time I go I get those phenomenal soup dumplings. (Or, if you want to sound smart and cultured, xiao long bao.) Absolutely out of this world, so tasty and fun to eat too. I'm glad I read how to eat them before visiting, though, or I imagine I'd be totally lost. The trick is to bit a small hole, suck out the soup, and then eat the dumpling. Even with this method I usually end up spilling a little. Just adds to the fun though!
Of course, I can't ignore those scallion pancakes. Perfectly crisp and tasty and well complemented by the dipping sauces provided on the table. I have no idea what either of them are, but both are really good. I like sticking the dumplings in them after getting the soup out too. I like taking a friend or two to split these with otherwise I will seriously gorge myself. Not that I don't otherwise.
So next time you maybe just got out of a show at the Troc or have a good twenty minutes until your train arrives at Market East but your tummy's grumbling, skip the toasted ravioli from WaWa (though that's good too) and stop by Dim Sum Garden. Probably the same price, too!Even though this place is a hole in the wall, it's the only place I've found in philly to service shanghai dumplings. Luckily, they are delicious! 
Don't come here if you want the traditional dim sum with carts because you won't get it. 
This place also serves other Shanghainese food, but for sure you have to try the dumplings. I'm not a fan of the dumplings with crab even though in China it's considered a delicacy. I like the original one. Get Mapo Tofu and Scallion pancake if you are still hungry. Those other two are very good as well! .If you like judging a book by its cover, you probably wouldn't step in here.  Which is cool, cause that just ensures a table for me to enjoy some xiao long bao!  These little guys are definitely soupy and hot enough to burn the mouth if you take too large of a bite - in other words, they're pretty legit.  
My pickled veggie and beef noodle soup was a little salty.  Guess you can't win with everything.Not fancy -- it's on 11th at the underpass across from Hilton Garden.  About a block from Marriott.  Also, it's not a dim sum place as most people understand dim sum (carts with piping hot food in them).
With that said, the food is excellent for the money.  The siao long bao (steamed pork dumplings with soup in them) had lots of soup hot soup in them and were very tasty.  Have it with the dumpling sauce (vinegar) on the table for some contrast in flavors.  I also like mine with ginger (you have to ask for it).I equate dim sum to the Chinese version of bar food.  All the little delicious picky stuff without having to mess around with noodles & rice & whatnot (although that is certainly an option here!).  I loved my first experience here and have been daydreaming about going back.  With such an expansive menu, the possibilities are endless!
Everything my sister & I got here was delicious.  I am not as huge a fan a the little soup sack dumplings as I am pan fried, but they were deliciousnonetheless...despite the fact that I burnt off a layer of skin on the roof of my mouth.  Oh well, I know better for next time!
Even the non-dim sum itens were delicious.  I especially liked the won ton soup, chicken on a stick, and the very tasty scallion pancakes.
Dim Sum Garden is by no means a classy joint.  In fact it is a little terrifying.  But totally worth it.  Can't wait to go back!This is the best place for Dim Sum in Philadelphia. I have been searching for xiao long bao (soup dumplings) all over the major cities such as NYC, LA and San Francisco in last ten years and truly the only best ones I found are at this little restaurant called Dim Sum Garden. I have been eating in this place many times since I discovered it and I have never been disappointed even once. There are many other good dishes I have tried and they are all great. Although this restaurant is not at the central zone of Chinatown, the advantage is that you can find on street parking rather easier in near by Filbert Street. This restaurant has an open kitchen. It always makes me feel more comfortable becaus I can see how the soup dumplings are made and I can be sure they are fresh and clean.went here for lunch, got like 4 dishes. 
first was the wine chicken... which was interesting because usually they do not drench it with wine... but it wasn't bad, nothing spectacular though.
2nd dish was the sui mai.. which was kind of bland
3rd dish was the #1... shanghai steamed buns? this is prob the best thing about this place. It is alot better compared to other dim sum places in china town.
4th was minced beef with rice.. which wasn't really what I was expecting.. it was not that goood.
if you want shanghai steamed buns however.. come to this placeDefinitely cheap and delicious.  Me with three others ordered two orders of soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and four separate noodle dishes for 38.80 and we were stuffed.  Definitely well hidden but definitely worth stopping byThere is always someone eating here, at most odd times of the day. During meal times, particularly on weekends, it could get quite crowded. 
So, even though the restaurant looks a bit sketchy from the outside, I decided to I had to check out what the fuss was about. 
The soup dumplings here will satisfy the craving - plenty of hot juice in the bun, and the pork flavor is nice enough. However, I found the skin to be a bit too chewy and the soup lacked the garlicky/ gingery aroma that typically adds another dimension to the pork flavor.I've only been here once, and the location would make one skeptical about this place, however I found the soup dumplings as well as the pan fried dumplings to be delicious. I was disappointed with the shumai because it simply was not what I expected. It was a dumpling full of RICE which I have never seen labelled as shumai. Aside from that, I would definitely consider trying this place out again.Fantastic!
Certainly doesn't look like much from the outside, and the location is a little sketchy, but don't let that deter you -- the food is delicious!
Everything here is hand made (e.g. noodles, dumplings, etc) and you can really taste the difference.
Ordered the soup dumplings and they were great.  Wonderful broth under and tender skin.
Also ordered one of the noodle dishes, which was excellent.  The homemade noodles are chewy and perfect.
The only downside was the wonton soup -- my companion liked it but the broth was a little off to me.  Also, the duck in the roast duck over rice was more bones than duck -- although the crispy skin was great.
Overall, fabulous place, very cheap, great service, and amazing food.Solid option for xiao long bao (soup dumplings).  Located at the underpass not far away from Reading Terminal Market, this small restaurant looks more like your take-out Chinese place.  Nevertheless the menu has what you need.  They told us they had three types of soup dumplings but the pan-fried one didn't taste like what you expect it to be like (the others were delicious though).  Great option for comfort Chinese on a cold day.Ambiance:  We all know that this is not the prettiest restaurant nor in the nicest location.  Granted, you will have to push past the chinatown bus crowd to get into Dim Sum Garden, but you will be happy that you did!  The furniture is recognizable as some of the cheapest options that you can find at Ikea, but it serves its purpose.  The wall is full of framed pictures of some famous international sights, but there is no real theme.  Past the curtains is the bathroom...and a hallway of storage.
Service:  The service is that of a traditional Asian restaurant where the server is brusque, but it is not meant as an insult.  If there is an Asian in your dining group, the server will try to communicate with and through them as much as possible.  It can be a bit isolating and annoying.  But again, can you blame them?  The food comes out quickly and the waitstaff is always so close by (small restaurant) that you can easily flag them over if you need anything.
Food:  This is the real reason that you come to this place - the food.  If you have seen this place and already know the location and aesthetic, it is clear that the food must be good in order to always be so packed.  The soup dumplings are the headliner here (with scallion pancake trailing closely behind) and rightfully so.  To be honest, it is not worth it to me to pay extra for the seafood soup dumplings because their flavor is very nearly the same as the regular pork ones.  Learning how to eat these things is key, otherwise you WILL burn yourself.  Be warned that if the soup from the dumpling squirts out on your face, hand, etc - it will be burning hot and quite sticky.  Put the soup dumpling into your Chinese spoon, bite off the top, let the dumpling cool,add chili sauce and dumpling sauce on top (this step is optional for you but imperative for me), eat the whole thing like the greedy troll that you are.  Their version of dan dan noodles are tasty, but not spicy and cannot hold a candle to Han Dynasty.  Their beef noodle soup is just okay.  Stick with the headliners.
Overall:  Get over thinking that you are above this shady location and go to this restaurant, get the soup dumplings and scallion pancakes, thank me later.Ghetto looking as hell but solid, delicious (and greasy) Shanghainese food. This is one of the few places in Philly where you can get hot soup dumplings that are not previously frozen (at $3 less than NY prices). Also try their noodle soups - large portions and not heavily dosed with MSG. 
So cheap, you can feed the whole family! Plus, kitchen looked clean and the waitress was polite - a rare find in Chinatown hole-in-the-walls!Bus depot. Fried chicken joint. Bum. Wawa. Wait, there's something else on 11th Street underneath that dingy Convention Center overhang... Dim Sum Garden!
The main point of our visit was Xiao Long Bao, known to us white people as Soup Dumplings. We got the pork filled ones and loved every bite. They were in the upper rung of Asian dishes I've ever had. We also got the duck over noodles. The duck was cooked really well and the noodles were spectacular. Actually, we started to order the duck over rice but the waitress was kind enough to steer us in the right direction. I've had scallion pancakes on several occasions in the past but the ones at DSG were exceptional, probably the best. The Bok Choy was also very tasty and we got a few other plates that were equally delicious. We were there for dinner on Saturday night and it wasn't crowded but I would imagine this place fills up for the weekend brunch crowd. 
Ignore the sketch and check this place out! Just look for the one business on this block without the stench of death all over it and you've found it!Cheap and delicious steamed pork soup dumplings. My sis-in-law loves the fried version of the soup dumpling. Try both and decide for yourself. The crab soup dumpling is also good, but the pork is better. Other notable favorites are the tomato and egg and pancake scallion. Pass on the Chinese broccoli with garlic.This place is a dump like no other.
But holy shit.  Soup dumplings.  Made proper.  I have been coming here for a year now, and their soup dumplings have never disappointed.  Not once.  I recently tried their vegetable dumplings and was surprised that any other dumpling could compete on the same level.  But they do!  Also, their noodle dishes are awesome, but I try to avoid ordering the ones with meat as they tend to give you fattier cuts that I'm just not that into.
Definitely one of the best ways to spend six dollars.I can totally understand why someone would come to a place called Dim Sum Garden looking for an enjoyable dim sum experience. I mean come on, that just makes sense. But please, do yourself a favor and do not - repeat, do NOT - go in with this mindset. If the words "Dim Sum" were the only things that drew you in to this sketchy locale, responsibly walk your stomach and your wallet over to Ocean Harbor or Joy Tsin Lau (or New York or DC). 
Three little words that will optimize your dining experience at DSG: xiao long bao. These tender, meaty, juicy soup dumplings are by far the best in the city (though there is not really much competition in this category). Eating them might be tricky for first-timers, so be careful as you do not want to waste a single drop of the glorious soupiness. There is honestly no need to order anything else off the menu (everything else is not exceptional), but if you are dying to have some variety (poppycock, if you ask me), the scallion pancake and some of the noodle dishes are fine. Just be careful not to order the siu mai, as it is not the porky meaty delight you might expect from a traditional dim sum establishment, but rather a little dumpling sack filled with sticky rice. For serious, xiao long bao is all you're going to need.
One of the biggest and most heretical party fouls in the history of life is breaking one of these precious xiao long bao before it makes it to your plate. Your heart will sink as you helplessly watch those valuable juices escape from your reach forever. Definitely not a place for fork users.I came here recently and it is still a solid place to get shanghai juicy/soup dumplings in Philly (I've tried sang kee's version and it is always soupless). I shared 3 sets of the pork and 1 of crab mixed with pork with 2 other people. I felt like I enjoyed the crab one more but only because I got tired of eating the same pork over and over. Perhaps I would try the vegetable version next time!Delicious! We had the Pork buns, pork and chive dumplings, and the scallion pancakes. Great, cheap lunch on a cold winters day. The waitstaff seems rushed, but no big deal, the food was served hot.Ok so I dont normally write yelp reviews i just selfishly use them to find a good spot and avoid the crappy places b/c I'm cheap like that.
But this place ROCKS and I had to come and tell everyone how amazing they are. Cheap food and not alot of flair and decoration in the humble little spot but what r u here for decorations or food.
The food is GREAT. I've been to Ocean Harbor which is supposed to have the best Dim Sum in town. Yeah they have the carts and this place doesn't but at OH the food was all stale, the waitresses were rude and the food wasn't as good. DSG is legit, my girlfriend is chinese and she says that everything here is authentic cantonese dishes. 
Don't be fooled with bad description of the food. Pork with sauce, I was like WTF is Pork with Sauce, get it it is amazing. Of course u have to get the dumpling. the soup dumpling are called like steamed pork bun or something, pork dumblings off the hook, and cheap for everything. A huge soup with duck and all is like 5 bucks. 
Go, eat, leave happy.It was the first time my boyfriend and I had stopped by here after being recommended here by a friend to try the juicy buns. The place has terrible decor, wobbly chairs, dirty chopsticks, and okay service. As soon as I walked in, the two hispanic cooks stared directly at me and smiled/laughed... which is kind of creepy especially for my first time here. After being sat down, we eventually chose our dishes to try: the Shanghai juicy buns, pork fried rice, and the fried chives/pork dumplings. Out of all of these, the best dish was the juicy buns. It was the best part of the visit and possibly one of the only high points. The fried dumplings could have been more crunchy and less soggy. It was only fried on one side. The WORST dish was the pork fried rice. The serving size was small, tasted too salty, had very little pork (mostly little balls of overcooked meat), and the rice was hard.. o__o 
Overall, 3 stars for the juicy buns and fried dumplings and -2 stars for decor, fried rice, and service. We would like to try them again for their noodles and more juicy buns!!Talk about false advertising!  So first of all, the restaurant name is misleading, so if you are looking for traditional dim sum, prepare to be disappointed.
My friend and I ordered two orders of the shanghai dumplings (xiao long bao), and they were mediocre at best, even though they were plenty juicy.  The siu mai wasn't made of pork and was oddly shaped.  The beef noodle dish was unappetizing, and I don't know if that is a function of being fully fed or fully fed up with the service.
While seated at the small, elevated table that's already pretty cramped for space, our server forced our dish onto the table, fully disregarding the lack of space.  As a result, he spilled hot tea all over my friend and all over his Blackberry and digital camera.  He did apologize profusely and I think he genuinely felt bad, but yikes!
Also, since there is no waiting area and the restaurant was surprisingly packed throughout lunch, we felt watched the entire time.  That's no way to dine!  If this is the standard for Chinese food in Philly, you can't pay me enough to leave Cali for that.
Ugh.  Blackberries can be replaced, but the horrible memory of this "dim sum" experience can't.  Oh well, at least they tried!Yum I had the pork and chives steam dumplings. I wish I was more hungry/had more company, but it was only me on my adventure in Philly and this definitely hit the spot for some steamed dumplings. 
Will definitely stop by next timeI've been hitting the really yummy food jackpot lately! And it's about time since I've walked by Dim Sum garden, like, a million zillion times.
So, a zillion years ago, I tried Dim Sum while living in Chicago and I hated it. It just wasn't that good, leaving a friend and I sitting there asking ourselves "Is this what non-Americanized Chinese food tastes like or does this just suck?". I remember the best thing from that meal being a turnip cake, otherwise, I felt like this vegetarian was mostly left hung out to dry. The cool little cart didn't even make it better, either.
Although I still don't have the answers to these questions, I am so happy to tell you that everything I tried tonight at the Dim Sum Garden was delicious! I found myself here after a friend suggested that we and three other ladies meet here for dumplings before a show at the Union Transfer. For around $15 each (with tip), all of us gals shared the bok choy, scallion pancake, and a whole lot of dumplings! 
We all left feeling pretty full and pleased with our food. I'm going to go ahead and say that the scallion pancake was the most tasty for the price ($2.50), but the bok choy was something I could eat an entire plate of (theory almost tested: I shared, but it was mostly all for me). 
The dumplings definitely held their own. Between the shrimp and the veggie, I couldn't declare a winner because they were so equally good. I might have liked the veggie quite a bit because someone ordered theirs pan fried, which made them a little special. I recommend trying both steamed and fried: each method of preparation gives each variety of dumpling a new taste. Definitely try the different sauces at each table, too, which were soy sauce blends of deliciousness.
Our service, the food, and the prices are all great. Dim Sum Garden may be my new favorite place in Chinatown! Yeah! Keep it growin', guys.Their Shao Long Bao is pretty good.  DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT let it get semi cold.  It greases up very fast.  
The liquid is a rich pork broth with some spring onion taste.  Couple this with vinegar and finely sliced ginger, it's the perfect combination for a late afternoon snack.  
Some folks get a 2:30pm black coffee, when in the philly chinatown area, I get a quick shao long bao order.  
Their onion pancake was again alittle greasy.  I used some napkin to suck up the BP spill, and it was pretty crunchy and flaky.  
However, i would discourage in getting the Pan-fried pork bun.  It had way too much grease and the breading was just too chewy.  It wasn't thick (which is a typical problem) but the breading was just too chewy.  
Like I said, in the mood, Dim Sum Garden is perfect for a greasy spoon spot! 
-2 stars for the oil and bouncy pan fried pork bun.The best juicy dumplings in the city!!! Should to try cold marinated cucumbers. I couldn't say the cafe's exterior and interior absorb all your attention, but that worth to try everything here. :)located next to the 'chinatown bus' stop, it looks like a chinese take out spot with all the lighted pictures of general tso's and friends above the counter. 
nope.  this place only serves the real deal northern chinese food.  and no, they don't even have dim sum.  gottem!
get the xiao long bao.  these are the real deal.  fresh, soupy, and steaming hot.  the regular dumplings (boiled or pan fried) are also so very fresh.  they use freshly made wrappers too.  noodle dishes use freshly made noodles as well.  
basically, everything is fresh and home made, like mom made it.  assuming your mom is chinese, that is.I came back here a couple of days ago and wasn't disappointed.  On principal alone, just by serving duck gizzards to a round-eye like me without giving me an argument, this place has earned its keep. The gizzards have a nice salty (they're sprinkled with salt water) and roast duck (as in they were removed after a whole duck has been cooked) and offal flavor.  Pan fried pork dumpling with chives were also delicious. Moist, liquid and separate and pronounced chive and pork flavor, the dumpling almost melts in your mouth if it wasn't for the earthy tasting skin, which absorbs some of the liquid.  My seafood rolls, although mostly cabbage filled, were also good. A nice crispy and greasy skin surrounds a hearty mess of cabbage. 
Truly a keeper.This review is for the soup dumpling only - 
We got 4 orders of the pork soup dumplings ( or juicy pork dumplings) and an order of the scallion pancakes.  The scallion pancake were good.  The pork soup dumplings were really good.  It had a lot of soup, the "skin" was thin  and the flavor were great.   I did not give it 5 stars because one of the soup dumplings had some pink stuff in it.  We think it was not cooked through.  We spoke to the wait staff.  She insisted that it was crab meat (she said it was for extra flavoring).  My kids are mildly allergic to seafood, so it was alarming to hear that they put crab meat in the pork soup dumplings.   But then they didn't show any symptoms of the allergy, so I guess it's all good.
I usually eat the soup dumplings with some young gingers and vinegar.  The restaurant will provide the ginger if you ask for it.  The ginger was not quite young enough and it was a little too thick.  
It is a small store located across street from Hilton near the Chinatown bus stop.  While some people feel it was not a very safe location, I can only say that I don't feel any less safe there than anywhere in the surrounding area.My girlfriend loves this place, very good soup dumplings and everything else for that matter, a must see/eat at hole in the wall dumpling spot, love it, love it, love it!my co-teacher/girlfriend usually came here for late night snack when we volunteered as ESL teachers near Chinatown. 
Their house made noodle is superb, and you can hardly go wrong with anything on the dim sum menu. and the biggest advantage: soooooooo inexpensive, as is the principle of nearly all places in Chinatowns.This place looks shady, super shady. I told myself location would never be the reason for a bad review. Once inside, the lights are bright white and had that scary movie feel to it.
Onto the food. We kept it simple and just wanted to try the "famous" soup dumplings that people have been raving about. We also ordered the pan fried version as well. 
The pan fried soup dumplings came out first. Definitely not my favorite of the two, since this version was a bit drier (no soup! duh) and the dough was thicker than what I would have liked. The regular ones came out and looked delicious. It had a thinner skin and plenty of soup inside. Carefully bite into these things because burning your lips is inevitable. Flavorwise it wasn't anything mind blowing. Just your simple pork filling and some good stock inside.Only go here for soup dumplings, nothing else. No ambiance, crappy location. Also known as shanghai buns, these are hard to find in most places..Good, solid Shanghai-nese food. I've been looking for somewhere like this ever since we moved to Philly - very happy.
The goods: XLB (they are HUGE and super filled with fatty soupy goodness), pork and chive steamed dumplings (they taste "almost" as good as my mother-in-law's...so homey), shen jian bao (more flavorful than most that I've had)
The oks: jia jia mien (noodles were good but sauce was kinda meh) and the onion pancake...it's uber thin/crispy, while we prefer ours more thick and flaky.
Yeah, it looks like crap on the outside and it's in an underpass...but honestly, to me that is a sign of a good Asian restaurant. It's super cheap - for 6 dishes split between 4 people, the bill came out to $33.This is my second time coming here. First time was really late at night, so I felt the food was left over from the morning. This time, I came on a lunch hour during the weekdays. The food was much better, but still didn't meet up to my standards. 
My friend and I ordered 2 hot and sour soup, turnip cake, pan fried chicken dumplings, and crab meat & pork xiao long bao. The turnip cake was not the usual traditional one, so I didn't like it as much. Not because I wanted the traditional ones, but simply because it wasn't better. The hot and sour soup is pretty good, they add tomatoes compared to traditional ones, which I actually like better. The xiao long bao was definitely below standard (compared to Shanghai Cafe or Joe's Shanghai in NYC). I liked the chicken dumplings, it was good. 
The meal came out to be around $28 plus tip, I think that's pretty ok. Not sure if I want to return, I don't hate it, but I also don't love it either. So very mixed feeling.This is not the most glamorous place to eat, but overlook that and try the handmade xiao long bao (Shanghai steamed buns).  Having lived in Shanghai, these are the most authentic you'll get in Philly (if you can even find them anywhere else).  The vegetable steamed buns, steamed pork &amp; chives dumplings, and scallion pancake are all just as fantastic, handmade, authentic goodness.I ran into this place for a quick lunch while attending a conference because everything else was jammed.  Because I'm not a big fan of dumplings (I know, it's illegal, my fiance can not understand it) I ordered a noodle dish, thinking you can't go wrong with a noodle dish in an asian restaurant.  What came out was basically egg noodles with little bacon bit like pieces of pork.  I ate about 4 bites, and then went the rest of the afternoon being hungry.  If you are going to come here, make sure you stick with the dim sum.  However, given how many Asian restaurants there are in this area, I'd have to assume you can do way better.As noted in the other reviews, it's not the prettiest place in the world but they have the best Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) in Philly and New York.  I know there are a lot of Joe's Shanghai lovers out there but this place is better when it comes to the Xiao Long Bao.  I usually get the number 1 and number 2.  Number one is just pork and number 2 has pork and a bit of crab meat in it.  I've tried others in the city but this is by far my favorite.  It's probably got more MSG too but I don't care because when the craving hits you have to knock it down!
I've only had better Xiao Long Bao in Hong Kong (reason for the 4 stars).  Specifically, Din Tai Fung in Hong Kong but since it's not an easy hike to get there this place satisfies.  I've also had some other noodle dish with minced pork that was pretty good.  They actually make good noodles here.  However, it's the  Xiao Long Bao that keeps me going back for more.A nondescript, Chinese home-style looking establishment, tucked in the throws of a tunnel along N 11th street. It's the type of place that most passersby would just well, pass by. But for those willing to stop, you are in for a treat. 
Walking in from the cold, I warmed up body and taste buds with a dumpling noodle soup. The broth was on the weak side, lacking flavor, but the dumplings were tasty and plentiful and the bok choy crisp and fresh tasting.   
The real foodie fun however would begin with their signature, Xiao Long Bo (soup dumplings). Served steaming hot, in lots of 8, I eagerly dug into these pale colored puffs. While this was not my first Xiao Long Bo (XLB), it quickly became apparent that I had not attained veteran status just yet. Stuffing the first few (delicious) dumplings into my mouth whole, the waitress quickly spotted my transgression, and rushed to my rescue with a lesson in the art of Xiao Long Bo consumption.  How amazing is that? 
First, place the dumpling in your spoon. Second, bite off the top of the dumpling and sip the soup slowly (yum). Third, eat deflated dumpling and enjoy. With technique mastered, I was now equipped to enjoy them to their maximum potential.  That potential was awesome.
Not only were the XLB top notch, so to (to my surprise) was the service; not exactly what you'd expect at a hole in the wall on the fringes of Chinatown. Extra napkins, dipping sauce, hot & cold beverage refills, and  a masters degree in dumpling consumption, brought my way, without even having to ask. This place is can't miss on your next visit to Phila Chinatown.
-SZSometimes,  I can't believe that this place is in Philadelphia.  I've been to places in San Francisco and New York, and I truly believe that the taste of the Xiao Long Baos here are comparable if not better.  The soup noodles and the onion pancakes here are not bad either.  The area seems a little sketchy on the outside but once inside you'll find a clean eatery.After seeing a solid four stars for this place and having never tried it even though I'm always in Chinatown, we decided to give it a go. After giving it a try, I guess I realize once again why I've never bothered to come here. The place is right under the passageway going into Chinatown from 11th street, which is not in the usual vicinity of where we normally go for Chinatown. It is a bit dingy if I do say so myself, but I can also see how it may be "traditional" in terms of having an atmosphere similar to a small cafe/restaurant in China. 
We ordered the pork XLB, pan-fried pork dumplings, and a plate of pickled cabbage and pork noodles. The soup in the XLB wasn't bad. What needed improvement on was probably the quality of the skin, which was a bit sticky and doughy, and not as thin as it could be. We also wished that they would've given us small sauce dishes and ginger for dipping, because the bottles kept squirting in all the wrong directions (that's what she said). But for what the place is, I guess we couldn't ask for more. 
The pan-fried dumplings were your average, pan-fried dumplings, good but nothing special. The noodle plate was our least favorite. It was too salty for our liking, but tasted a lot better when we re-heated it the second time around at home. I wouldn't order that again though, if I ever do return here.Legit soup dumplings in the most random, sketchy location. Was pleasantly surprised. I would stay away from the scallion pancakes though. Tasted like the frozen kind you get in the Asian supermarket and barely had any scallions...
I would go back and just eat an entire order of soup dumplings.For years I've been driving up to my usual spots in Manhattan and Flushing for my xia long bao fix - not anymore. I've walked past this place so many times but never gave it a second thought on entering until I read about it on one of Yelp's monthly emails. I was hesitant at first, but after reading everyone's reviews and tips I decided to give it a shot. Besides the delicious xia long bao, the dumplings there are excellent as well (pork & chives). My preference is for the steamed dumplings though (fried ones are ok, but probably would have tasted better had I ordered it right after the grill was cleaned). I've gone as often as twice a day for xiao long baos; gluttonous.