Ick.  That sums up my experience at Dinardo's in one "word."  Dinardo's gave me that "Ick" vibe the minute I set my foot in the door. THough we were greeted by a very friendly hostess, the place looked like a run down diner on the interior--and it wasn't very clean or charming.  This would have been fine because a lot of times the "run down" places have the best "authentic food," but this was not the case at Dinardo's.  At Dinardo's you do not get what you pay for as the prices are rather high and the food quality is rather low.    Our server hated his life and made snarky, mean comments throughout our time there which, though entertaining, was kind of unwelcome and unpleasant.  My friend had the mussels which were puny and in an unimpressive sauce--unimpressive being the general adjective I would use to describe any given dish my party ordered.  I had a soup which was extremely salty and bland beyond that and the broiled flounder and "seafood imperial" dishes were OK at best. 
I'd say if you're looking for good seafood you'd be better off at any BYOB; little fish, audrey claire, ANYWHERE but Dinardo's.  I don't understand how this place is still in business, to be honest.While I generally support independent restaurants over chain places,I still don't buy into the overpriced center city Phila hype. The place was actually roomier than the south Philly closets we usually take my mother in law for her birthday,but the prices were jaw dropping...quite different from the online menu. The food and portions were ok,and the dessert was something different than the average places. The bus help was a bit out of sync with the waiter,as they were asking us if we were done with our plates just as the waiter was telling us the desserts,and as the Philly standard the bathroom was a bit small to accomodate the size of the place.Thankfully I had a much different, and better, experience than most other yelpers.  While I agree that the prices are steep, quality seafood isn't cheap, so I don't feel that it was out of line. 
Since I don't like working for my food, I skipped the crabs and went for the scallops. For $24 I got 7 nice sized scallops sautéed in lemon butter and a side of pasta.  The scallops were some of the best I've ever tasted. I am of the opinion that $24 was a steal for the quality I received here. 
In addition to excellent food, my martini was well executed and deliciously potent. The service was exceedingly helpful and friendly. I'd definitely recommend a stop in for all those that have passed by before, and for those who may have been less impressed in the past.The decor may be old, but every thing on the menu is great! Definitely a place when you want to fill up, and have a good time with friends.The crab balls was good but the food is over priced and they don't give you enough food.. I won't go back there ever...We went there for dinner on New Year's Eve.  It was an early dinner @4pm because we walked down Race Street at 6pm to catch the early fireworks show.  We had a mixed generation family dinner and they were very accommodating as two family members were in wheelchairs.  Our waitress Cindy was very warm, friendly and did a great job!  Overall everyone loved their food we had calamari appetizers which were good and stuffed mushrooms which were huge and not what we expected.   Entrees we ordered were grilled shrimp, stuffed lobster tails and fried oysters which my Dad really really liked!!!  We also had crab balls for an app which everyone really enjoyed.  Old decor but classic qualify seafood in a non-fussy environment with a warm and friendly staff.There's just something different about the seafood here. Located a short cab ride from Downtown Philly, is DiNardo's. A non-descript, red brick building with a wooden sign swaying in the breeze points to the front entrance of this establishment. The huge crab on their sign hints that maybe you should try the crab. The Blue Claw crabs are flown in everyday from the Gulf Coast. Unlike their cousins in the Chesapeake, these Gulf Coast crabs are "free swimmers", which means bigger crabs and more meat.
Let's look at their raw bar. Clams on the Half Shell are half dozen freshly shucked ice-cold beauties served atop ice accompanied by cocktail sauce and lemon. These clams are sweet with a scent of the sea.  These are the best clams on the half shell I have ever had. The cocktail sauce is the best cocktail sauce I've ever had, sweet with just the right amount of horseradish. Thumbs up with 5 stars!I would have rather put a hundred dollars down the toilet. Terrible food, prices and service.  This place is a joke. I emailed them many times to let them know how our experience was, only to have our emails returned undeliverable again and again. I own a business and I would have wanted to know how it was being run, employees not giving a hoot about the place, it's food or the most important...it's customers. It's a shame. Shame on them.My experience at Dinardo's was not a good one.  My husband had a Groupon and we went with another couple for a nice night out.  When I walked in, the place was dated and dingy.  My husband called ahead of time to make reservations and to order jumbo or large crabs, whichever they had that night.  He was told he could get 3 jumbo's and 5 large which was fine.  When they came out they were so small.   The 3 "jumbo" were in garlic and it was too overpowering!!  The old bay "large" crabs were dry inside.  The hostess tried to share her "knowledge" on how all crabs are #1 and they are weighed and that's how they determine large and jumbo crabs.  We just laughed and listened.  She had no idea about crabs.  We all crabbed and ate crabs since we were little children.  Grew up with them and know the difference.  My friend and I got the jumbo lump crab cake with mushy broccoli.  The cake was ok but it wasn't worth the price.  In all it was a lousy dinner and when the bill came we were lost for words.  Small crabs, a crab nacho appetizer that I believe they just waved the crab over it, since there were a few pieces here and there and crab cakes that were lukewarm.  It was a hugely disappointing dinner experience, however, the company was good and we made the best of it.  Save your money and pass on this poor excuse for a seafood restaurant!!I think I was expecting something a little more upscale at DiNardo's but it didn't really hold up.  The place was too bright for a good date night spot and the decorations (including the placemats) were hokey.  The food was all right, the wait staff was FANTASTIC (the sole reason to go is the staff, honestly). Their platters come with insanely salty fries and a few strings of green.  Clams casino were all right but each clam was small so you don't get a nice flavor.  I was disappointed.  In short, this place is not terrible, but I won't be going back any time soon.I went here with a group of friends during Restaurant Week and it was the complete opposite from what we were expecting. We heard that it was the best crab in Philadelphia, so why wouldn't we want to try it? As one of the guys put it, we felt like we were at "Bingo Night" as soon as we walked in. No big deal tho, we had an 8pm reservation and the nine of us arrived about ten minutes early, knowing we would most likely have to wait a little. Nothing prepared us for the 45 minutes of waiting that we ended up standing through. The boys were fine, they went to the bar and made friends with what seemed to be like a regular crowd. When we were finally seated and all decided on our dishes (thank goodness), our server began The Countdown. I have never experienced this before but with every course or round of drinks he would come over and tell us "Okay guys, about 7 more minutes" then return a few minutes later and say "Alright well we have about 3 more minutes left" and as annoying as it was, he made us all laugh. So it was fine. I ordered the RW special that was salmon stuffed with a crab cake, and it was okay. I would have been fine if the food were on par with a 45 minute wait but it just was not worth it. The best part of the entire experience was the store bought chocolate cake we had for dessert, as they vacuumed around us.Went because we had a Groupon, wouldnt go back again. Granted there was a large table next to us (8 or 9) but we had put our order in before they sat, took over 20 minutes for our appetizers to come out, drinks were never brought to the table nor was bread. Had to ask for silverware and plates to eat the appetizer. We order their special app which consisted of 3 oysters and 4 clams, which were very fresh. The shrimp cocktail that came out was not.
I ordered their seafood platter which was 3 shrimp flounder and a cluster of crab legs. Would have been better if the crab legs werent water logged, the shell had no crispness to it. I honestly opened each leg by tearing the shell like paper.
My wife ordered the softshell crabs which were delicious, but we couldnt finish them because our dishes were cleared.
Total bill came out to 102.00 not worth the wait or the foodMade reservations and came to Dinardo's before walking to a performance at the Arden Theatre.  Walked in a bit just before 6:00 PM and were seated at once, not before engaging the bartender in conversation that resulted in a delicious Mojito.  We advised the Maitre D' that we had an 8 PM theatre function and they took pains to ensure we walked out on time.  
After a delicious plate of Calamari, I enjoyed a broiled seafood melange and my partner had the surf and turf.  Both were absolutely awesome.  We washed it down with a superb Pinor Noir.
Casual, pleasant, with good food and superb service.My parents used to love this place around 15 years ago and they hadn't been back since. My dad requested we go here for his birthday. We had a reservation for 5:30, the place was empty. My parents remembered it being hard to even get a table at 5. Things have obviously changed. We started with oysters and clam, crab balls, and clams casino. The appetizers were decent. It took two times of asking the waitress for a refill on my soda for it to be brought. You also have to ask for oyster crackers. I order the fried scallops for dinner, and was I disappointed. I assumed they would be full sized, but instead they seem to be cut in half to decrease the volume. The waitress brought me a new order when I addressed the problem, and they were exactly the same. I ended up with broiled scallops. They were alright. The rest of my family agreed that the dinner was just alright. For the price you would expect something more.Blue Claws can be pricey but phenomenal. Stick with the larges i/o jumbo, sizes very close and save some $. Great with fries and beer. I've never had anything but those 3 things so couldn't tell you much else but worth the visit if you're looking for crabs in Philly.If your interested in spending money on awful,bland and tasteless food this is the place to go. Service is mediocre at best. Furthermore, this place looks like it was designed by a fourth grade boy with a love for fishing. Definitely two thumbs way dowWent to philly on a vacation and discovered this place. Great service, good food, and excellent cheesecake options for dessert . Highly recommend the snow crabs and the mussels along with the crab- filled flounder 
Will return soonHoly skimpy crabs Batman!  This is my first review and felt compelled to write about my dismay at this so-called crab eatery.  Ordered 3  " jumbos " and was met instead with 3 pipsqueak blue crabs. It may not be crab season in the region but I thought I read in another review that they fly in their crabs from other parts of the US.  Not so, it seems.  I was sadly disappointed and will keep my crab adventures to MD and DC where they belong.If you want atmosphere, go somewhere else.
I had dinner there other night for the first time, after having lived across the street from them for over a year. Their crab soup is *Simply Amazing*.Mike was a 5 star server. 
Food tastes good. Not 5 star, but tasty!
Interior is slightly dated. Carpet definitely needs to be replaced. Red paint chipping on the walls. They'd definitely benefit from an upgrade.My boyfriend and I went to dinner there on a Thursday night. I had looked at the Yelp reviews prior to coming, but maintained optimistic despite the mixed reviews. First and foremost - the service was fantastic. Our waiter was quick at getting our drinks and was very friendly. The owner had made her way around to our table a few times asking how we were which I liked. However, the food was not close to what I expected and we left extremely disappointed. We got the fried crab balls as an appetizer and they were OK at best. We got the Jumbo Lump Crab to share... and when we got it - it could have easily been an appetizer. There was nothing "jumbo" about the meat and the portion was extremely small for a $25 entree meal. Overall, the service was great but the food was lacking.Not good at all ... Ate there 2 weeks ago on Sunday ... Ordered 2 pounds of Alaskan king crab .. $60 per pound and there were disgusting and freezer burned ... We also ordered a bunch or other seafood ... Blue crabs ... Snow crab... Bill was just as much as eating at Barclay prime ... And we had no drinks !!! I will never eat there again ... Even if it were free ... I would not go back ...People are hard on Dinardo's for the decor but we didn't go last night for decor... we went for blue point crabs and they were great!  We each had 2 jumbos that were steamed and seasoned perfectly.  Started with plump mussels in a red sauce we finished with a spoon! Every member of their staff was friendly and attentive.used to go to dinardo's in wilmington, DE before they closed down years ago.  have been meaning to try this one in philly to see the comparison.  i was psyched to see that the same dipping sauce is used (they told me they still make it in DE and send it up to philly daily) and that there are the same addictive garlic crabs on the menu.   the crabs we ordered were hot and fat, as promised, and fresh as can be.   we got 4 jumbos (regular) and 4 jumbos (garlic) and left completely full.   while somewhat pricey, i gladly paid for something i haven't eaten in over 15 years.   looking forward to returning in the near future.Yea.. So this place is terrible. I don't know when they became "famous", but it tastes like it was a long time ago. Floating objects in our drinks. Some in the original drink brought out and in the one they replaced it with. Along with lipstick on the brim of the other glass. The food was meh. Crab soup and buffalo shrimp for starters and garlic crabs for the main course. Oh and they're kind of expensive. Don't waste your money.Wait staff was polite, pleasant and efficient.  Food was OK, not great.  Clam chowder like a can of Progresso.  
Ambiance was zero, but could still be OK; like a crab house on theMaryland shore that specializes in their food, not the environment.
Went there to check out a place to take guests after a tour of the Historical sights, but this is not the place.
Worst thing was the mismatch of the prices with the overall experience.  For those prices I would have expected waiters in tuxes with linen napkins over their arms.Eggs in salad were so old they were petrified.  Salmon was cooked to leather.  Decor is "meh". Bathroom was dirty.  Got a bowl of the worst bowl of clam chowder I've ever had. Well paid for a bowl but got a cup's worth.I was brought here by my boyfriend for my birthday.  Needless to say we were both disappointed.  The ambiance is more geared toward Gordon fisherman rather than a couple on a date.  The drinks tasted watered down like there was no liquor involved at all.  The "famous fries"  were excessively seasoned damn near giving me high blood pressure.  And once the entrees came out Oh my gosh it smelled horrid.  The first and last time I will ever step foot in here.Was said to be the best in Philly. Did not hold up to that name. The fries were good but would not say the best I had. I had the blackened chicken breast with shrimp. They went way overboard with the spice . The chicken was juicy on the inside though. I ended up eating only a little of it. Wifey enjoyed the broil seafood platter. And I enjoyed her fish and shrimp more than she did. 
The pineapple cake desert was on the money. You can not go wrong with that. Our waitress was kind and attentive. And though we used a groupon for dinner. She removed my chicken dinner from the bill because I did not eat it. That was very nice of her.
So though not the best food in Philly. It is a nice place to eat. And the decor was how  a seafood Restaurant should be.
I can not say we will visit it again. But I am sure they will do well.DiNardo's Famous Seafood has been a Philly tradition for thirty five years and specialize in crabs, which are flown in year 'round from the Gulf waters to ensure a year 'round supply, plus they claim the crabs are larger and more meaty. I'll give them larger, but if this is what you call meaty, the pickings are pretty slim, I actually burned calories trying to eat these things!
Our server Linda, was a gem, she was friendly, helpful and knew how to guide us through the menu as this was our first visit. Five big shiny stars for her service! The food however was a different story... 
Hubby started with a bowl of clam chowder, which was loaded with potatoes and tender clams, but nothing else, the consistency was good, however it really lacked in flavor, it needed so much more, perhaps onions, celery, I stirred in one pat of butter ( Paula Deen approved ) a little salt and pepper and that still did not do the trick, so I repeated this same procedure, but it really did not help.
Philadelphia is known for Snapper soup, but this tasted sour, the meat was tender and plentiful and a poor quality sherry was served on the side. We each took one bite and decided we would pass. The crab imperial stuffed mushroom caps were okay, but expensive, four small mushroom caps and I do mean small were filled with the imperial for ten dollars.
My two pounds of garlic crabs were all work and no play, but plenty of messing around trying to get out the minimal amount of meat, I was tempted to pick up those babies and start sucking the meat out of them! No more blue crabs for me, I'll stick with the dungeness, snow or Alaskan crabs from now on, better yet, saute me some pure lump crab meat in a little garlic and butter. I will give them this the garlic and red pepper sauce was outstanding, they should bottle it.
Hubby had the seafood imperial with crab, scallops and bay shrimp, which was a very rich but small portion and we both agreed it not only smelled very fishy, but tasted fishy as well, after two or three bites we decided to bring it home for the cat, but she was not thrilled enough to eat it either.
They have a full bar and a happy hour, my margarita was not very good, mostly bottled margarita mix. The hostess was not very friendly, well she was okay with us, but I had to giggle when two young girls moved from a table to a booth and she screamed at them " you can not just seat yourselves!"  I did not see what the big deal was, they were not very busy, however with them pushing together many tables throughout our meal, it was obvious they were planning on some large parties arriving soon.
All in all, Linda rocks, what a sweetheart, the place is a little worn down from wear and tear, the food is below average in my opinion for the prices they charge.Had dinner with my family this Saturday, I must point out that this was my first time there and I had been dreaming of crabs all week. Crabs were very good and very pricey, I enjoyed the crab balls with buffalo shrimp that was amazing, the wait staff is second to none, I applaud the experience and enthusiasm that they displayed. Overall I would say give this place a shot, it's old school decor fits right in to old city Philadelphia charm.....Me and a couple good friends tried dinardos for the very first time yesterday and I can't even put into words how disappointed I was. From the watered down drinks too the overly priced crabs. I'm a seafood eater I live for blue crabs so I've travelled all over to eat them. I don't mind spending money for them but $32 for 3 crabs that are regular sized is outrageous. A half of dozen for $64 smh and don't get me started on there seafood combination I paid $32 for 1 unseasoned extremely breaded crab cake, 3 unseasoned shrimp 3 unseasoned scallops 1 very bland piece of "flounder" n 11 French fries. So disappointed I will never go back there. From someone who's in this field I couldn't believe they were totally robbing people on the prices like that..I travel to Baltimore and there crabs aren't overly priced and that's crab city!!! Total disappointment and I felt even bad for my friends since I suggested this place wanting to support my city. Next time I'll take the hour and a half drive to Baltimore !!!!Very disappointed. One of my crabs had small BLACK BUGS in the crab meat. I was told they are seasoning. THEY WERE BUGS AND ABSOLUTELY NOT SEASONING!  Their crabs were not fresh. DO NOT GO!A bit old-fashioned in the decor and definitely  not a trendy place, but good, straight-up seafood.  Plenty of crabs in their crabcakes or crab balls, stuffed shrimp was awesome, and cocktails were good and reasonably priced, just kind of a snore of a place as far as ambience.We went here because of word of mouth. Unfortunately, we waited almost 10 minutes to be seated, and during that time, no one even greeted us. The food was good, but it certainly wasn't worth raving about.Service was excellent and they tried to make a good experience, but I will never come back. Food was beyond expensive and not even close to being good. Ordered the clam chowder and it was beyond salty. Not sure if it is normally like that or bc it was nearing the end of its batch. Then mussels in red sauce came out. Beyond small and not enough flavor. About half the mussels had meat that was a penny size. That is not acceptable. We then ordered crabs that came out drier than the Sahara dessert. Although meaty, the price of 7.50/crab was beyond crazy. The crab seemed way over cooked and then cooked again!! The manager did make it better by bringing out 2 new crabs that were better without us even asking for replacement, which was a definite plus, but they need to do something about price. I went when the crabs are in season so there is no need for the price to be that high. I thought fries were good but my husband think they were to soggy. I thought it was the only thing that was seasoned correctly. 
Concluding, if u want good food for a reasonable price, don't come here. If u just want the service, then this is the place. Go to Chickies and Pete's for delicious crabs!!Awesome service, waiter put the bibs on us himself, hostess was welcoming, food was excellent. Highly recommend this joint, be prepared to get messy thoughTo paraphrase Dick Nixon, I want to make one thing perfectly clear: I love seafood places at shore towns that have a) great food, b) bait, tackle, hooks all over the walls, c) over-abundance of anchors or nautical equipment positioned around the joint.
DiNardo's Famous Crabs in Old City Philly has the "lure" (pun intended) of some awesome seafood places I've enjoyed in Panama City Beach, FL; Ocean City, MD; and the Jersey Shore and combines the three above-mentioned attributes to produce a great experience.
I had the blackened cajun red snapper with their "world famous" fries and coleslaw. The only better cajun blackened snapper I've had was at the old Orleans House in Arlington, VA. The table featured a bunch of great lures shaped like fish, sailors, and more. Two tables over was an authentic nautical wheel. The topper was the crab bib that I wore througout the meal.It was my first time eating blue crabs-- I'm ravenous when it comes to dungeness, king, snow... so I went in very excited.
I was very confused by the options (regular, large, jumbo) of crab sizes.  The waitress seemed confused when I told her I wanted a pound of crab, even going so far as to say that there was "no way they could know what a pound was"... what???  So we just ordered three large crabs each and hoped it was enough food.
It was good and messy (no wet-wipes?  I eat exclusively with my hands when it comes to crab, I must be part raccoon), and expensive!
It was absolutely delicious... I just wasn't expecting to spend $100 on lunch.  But I definitely wouldn't have been satisfied with just one crab (between 10 and 12 dollars per crab depending on size), so I can't be too surprised when I get ~$60 worth of crab for two people!I went to DiNardo's because I love seafood and ready many reviews that this was one of the BEST seafood restaurants in Philly. Well, I disagree. We went for blue crabs, but they ran out 9 days ago. Okay, it happens. We ordered the crab soup. It tasted like canned vegetable soup. We ordered a pound of overpriced snow crab legs. Nothing to jump for joy about. We paid extra for garlic butter, and that was the saving grace. We also ordered the broiled seafood platter where you got the smallest sea scallops, a soggy piece of farm raised tilapia, 6 jumbo shrimp, a half pound of snow crabs and a silver dollar sized crab cake. The crab cake was the standout on the dish. I opted to take the fish home and finish cooking it. 
We also ordered cocktails. They were just okay. The ambiance was dated and could use new or cleaned carpets. We tried it. Likely will not be back. Next stop: Devon's!My boyfriend and I went here for Restaurant week, why? I don't know because we certain could afford it on a regular day but we were craving seafood.
I expected a whole different type of place.  I thought that the restaurant would have more of a romantic feeling, sadly it was lacking.  The decor was outdated but gave it character.
I started off with the crab soup and it was eh.   I had better, I actually think trader joe's crab corn soup had more flavor.  If you are looking for great seafood soup, go to Philips seafood.  Now that is what I call a delicious soup.  
I opted for crab cakes for my entree and they were just OK.  I personally felt like there was too much filler in them.  
Although the waitress was sweet, she was soooo slow -- be prepared to wait for a while.  
Overall, if you're looking for a seafood restaurant with character, this is the place but if your standards and hopes are set high but prepared to lower them.One of my favorite restaurants in Philly.  Don't go here if you are looking for a classy seafood experience - this place is designed to be a hole in the wall, crab feast type of place.  If you've been in Maryland, generally the best crab places have a table covered in paper with a big hole in the middle to throw your crab carnage.  This place is sort of like that, but they stepped up the decor (slightly).  Read:  the walls are decorated with fish hooks and tackle.
I can't really say anything for their regular menu as I've only gone to get their steam crabs (which are absolutely amazing).  They have an all you can eat crabs night which runs about $30 per person and as long as you get there early you can eat to your fill.  The crabs are sold at market price, which will obviously vary depending on the season but I don't think it's an outrageously priced dinner.  Expect to pay at least $30 per person if you're eating the crabs though.  
Warning:  the drinks are EXTREMELY overpriced.  I'm not sure why they ask so much for a simple vodka+cranberry juice.  Stick to water - you'll need it after eating salty seafood anyway.I've read through some of the reviews and I can absolutely see how that the different situations could've been the case. 
I just went for restaurant week with a few of my girlfriends. 
The good things- I was warmly greeted by the hostess when I came in, she checked me in because we had a reservation and I went to the bar to have a drink while I waited for them. The bartender was very nice. As soon as the rest of my party arrived we were seated. Our waitress was very nice, given that it was a bit crazy in there with restaurant week. She was accommodating and went above and beyond when one of the appetizers was not good. The one busser, kept our table clean and made sure we had what we needed and the hostess even checked on us too.  And the bathroom was very clean! This is what earned my stars. 
The okay things- The bar area seemed a little dark and dusty, almost like they just don't pay attention.  to that area. My food was okay, but I feel that I would need to try again on a non-restaurant week to see how things compare. I felt the dinner portions were small but then we got a huge (but delicious) piece of cake for dessert. The filet was cooked as ordered and the crab cake didn't taste like it was all filling but the crab cake was small. The only side available was a baked potato, it would've been nice to have a vegetable option too. 
I'd try again, I hope the service is just as good as it was tonight...even if it was an act :)Prices didn't match the quality. I paid $33 for 3 "jumbo" crabs. When they came out, they were tiny and missing claws! Needless to say, I was still hungry after this meal. Do not bother with this place, it's not worth going broke over.Restaurant Week Fail! We met a group of friends to celebrate a birthday during Restaurant Week in January.  After over an hour waiting for food, they sent complimentary soups and bread. The soup was a coagulated mess. When the food finally arrived, it was a disaster and was cold.  One of the guests found a hair fried into their crab cake.  My steak was so dry that when I tried to cut it, it flew off the table. The tiny piece that I tried had an odd taste that led me to believe it was old.  The manager did apologize.  However, she attempted to convince me that the steak was put under a broiler and cooked too long.  I have had steak at every price point from Outback to Maestros and never had something so disgusting.  Pass.Ordered jumbo crab legs which were 60$ per pound. Only got 2 legs and it was bland as fuck the fried shrimp we ordered was also bland and very greasy. Definitely not worth it! NEVER GOING BACK. Shout out to Chickie and Petes they're the real mvp. Their crab is wayyyyy cheaper and 100 times better with more quantity and not to mention delicious. With what we paid for 1 pound at this place we could've had quadruple the crabs at chickie and Petes. This place rapes!I came here once with a friend with the intention of using a dealyo voucher I purchased. Was disappointed when I was told I couldn't redeem because I hadn't it printed out. I was visiting from NYC. So embarrassing. Ok. So a few months later came back with printed voucher in hand. I have to say this place probably needs to close down and regroup for so many reasons. The decor needs up dating to start. For what your paying for the food it needs to be more visually appealing in this place. Looks plain old.  And plastic cups? Come on. Now to the food, the real reason I'm here. Nothing special, rather below average. I had a seafood combo thingy. Nothing tasted fresh. It was like it was left over from the day before. So disappointed. Was so embarrassed I brought someone with me. This place needs to get it together.Remember Alice's Diner?  It feels that way when you go to Dinardo's...  1970s wood paneling, gaudy fish and fishing ecoutrements on the walls, and crotchety old lady waitresses.  I went with a group of 10, and every dish was basted in butter, covered with garlic, and soaked in crab meat.  You'd think that would be good, but it's coated with a pound of Old Bay seasoning.  To make matters worse, it's horribly expensive for food that doesn't taste that great.  I took a chance on this place, and I'll never make that mistake again!  Red Lobster serves better fish than DiNardo's.  Avoid it like the plague!!Ok.  This place was a turn off..so I left.  What turned me off was the $$$$ with the Captain D's atmosphere.  If I'm paying $40 for an entree I would at least want the wait staff to not have on T Shirts.  It was a no go!!This is by far one of my favourite restaurants. I went on my 18th birthday last year and as always the food was amazing. It is a small restaurant but the food makes up for it. I always order the mussels in red sauce as the entrée and the Pescatore for the main course. They give you so much pasta...I was pretty much eating it for two or three days afterwards. I would also recommend the crab-stuffed flounder. I've never experienced flavour like that anywhere. I just really love this place.Service was good, definitely feels like a family-run business (even if it isn't).
We ordered Large Steam Crabs. In retrospect, probably should've ordered the jumbo size as it was a fair amount of work to get to the bit of meat. On the plus-side, the crabs were tasty, though a bit on the pricier side given what it is.Not at all the old dinardos ! The food was so basic ! The flounder taste like it was from a bag ! I don't think I will be returning ! Portions were very small ! Don't think I would go again. Don't waster your money or make sure you have a groupon to help with the bill ! Very disappointed!I had high hopes but felt rather let down by my visit to Dinardos. I ordered the calimari to start my experience and have to say that the dish tasted as tho it had been sitting out. The calimari was extremely rubbery and seemed like it had been under a heat lamp. I also ordered 4 of the jumbo crabs, which appeared to be mostly medium in size. The crab meat was cold and was a bit dried out and hard, which is saying something for a full steamed crab. Again I assume they had steamed this entree hours before and had then just served it. The only positive I have to say is the wait staff is extremely friendly and responsive. I do not know if they had an extremely off night but for the money this place charges you can't afford an off night. I would not recommend this overpriced and subpar experienceUsed the groupon for this dinner...OMG!  It was awesome!  Debbie our waitress, was delightful.  Both my dinner guest and I had the lump crab cake!  Excellent. Baked Potato and veg du jour was garlic steamed broccoli!  No appys needed. The meal was quite substantial. WE BOTH CLEANED OUR PLATE.   Cosmos and a Crabby Mary (I recommend!) delish.  Quite pricey for me. THIS is why I LOVE groupons....I get to eat at restaurants that normally I could  not afford. Thumbs up!Just got back from a horrible dining experience.  Now we should have known better ordering crabs in October but the whole experience was particularly awful.
The beer was flat and tasted skunk.  We ordered a dozen steamed crabs that arrived in 3-4 minutes, all lukewarm.  We knew that was the first bad sign (if they were steamed when ordered, they would have taken sometime longer).  The meat was mushy and more than a few just tasted funky.  We should have refused to eat them, but we were hungry and trying to be polite.  Now I'm just hoping I don't get sick.
Oh yea, forgot to mention the flies - several of them buzzing around trying to land on our food.
Service was not horrible but definitely not attentive.
Never going back.Tried Dinardos for the first time lured by the Groupon deal. Soups were ok nothing special. Fried combo was just ok but not worth the $32 price tag. I had the flounder which was definitely not flounder. The fish had a different taste to it. Daughter had the stuffed broiled flounder. She also complained about the fish not tasting right. It wasn't fishy, but hard to explain. It was a little mushy and not flaky like a good piece of flounder. The wife liked her crab cake that came with the platter. Only downside to that was that it was quite small. Service was great. Way overpriced for the quality of food. I don't think we will be returning.Don't normally write, but felt compelled bc of all of the bad reviews. 
Went last night, after purchasing the groupon like most. We were a little skeptical bc of the reviews, but both of us love seafood so we had to give it a try. 
My only regret about this place was not getting the crabs. After seeing them being brought out to other tables, we knew we should have ordered. We just weren't in the mood for crabs at first. 
Our server, Mike, was very friendly, and not overly so. He offer to explain everything on the menu, told us all about the specials, kept us refilled on drinks, and kept us feeling welcomed. Mike was awesome. 
The food was really good. I got the founder stuffed with crabmeat, and she got the same but with shrimp instead of flounder. Both were very flavorful, and large enough to have us both full by the end. No room for dessert. Both of us got a huge baked Potato, and the veggie was broccoli, which we really enjoyed. 
All in all, it was a really good dinner. We will be back, but next time getting the crabs. 
Maybe it doesn't take much to impress us, and maybe bc of the location people are expecting more, but the decor was not terrible. Maybe a nice facelift soon, but nothing that was bothering us one bit while eating.  And I do not understand the negativity regarding the food. Were we just there on a good night?  We will def. be back to see.  We enjoyed it thoroughly. Just making sure we get sat in Mike's section again.Went a few months ago but only now updating. Not as good as going to MD. Food was good but not great. Decor is a timewarp to a time long ago. There's an aroma to the restaurant too, that's not related to food. Place was pretty empty on a weekend for lunch so I guess they cut down on staff because we waited a long time for our food.Possibly the worst crabs I've ever had.  They weren't hot.  Most smelled rancid, which means they were dead before they were placed in the steamer.  To boot, the beer was flat.
If someone from Maryland dines here, I am worried they may burn the place down in a fit of anger.I went here last night with my girlfriend because it's very close to our residence and because anywhere named "Famous Seafood" deserves a chance.
When we walked in, there was a guy vacuuming the walkway in front of the entrance & bar, and we were very confused about where to go. He told us to walk ahead and they'd take care of us. A few moments later, a woman came out and seated us. The menu has a decent amount of choices, and I would have ordered the crab had they been upfront and listed the crab pricing rather than putting "M/P". When will restaurants learn that people coming to a seafood place often want crab, want to know the price without asking, and "M/P" just turns people away? 
We ordered the fried crab balls and the shrimp cocktail for appetizers, and then shared the scallop entree, and surf & turf entree for dinner. The food was OK, not great.  It seemed like bar food, trying to fit in what they are trying to make a nice restaurant. They are very expensive for the quality of food you get. This place could be so much more if they had better chefs & recipes. One other point to add in here, it's very much a turn off to receive seafood that hasn't been cleaned properly. The shrimp were not all fully deveined, some still had legs, and one still had a shell on it. If I wanted U-Peel-It shrimp, I wouldn't have ordered Shrimp Cocktail. It was a turn-off to my girlfriend and I (because we just weren't expecting to take a bite out of shrimp shell). Again, better chefs who properly prep all the food would have been key here to making the experience better and POTENTIALLY worth the price. The scallops were OK at best, they were mushy and the sauce they came in was not very flavorful.  The surf & turf was the best of all the food we had, and I'd actually rate that as pretty good. They cooked the steak to just the right temperature and it was a good cut of meat, unfortunately though it lacked any flavor, to the point we had to ask for A1 sauce which is a sin if you are eating a center cut filet mignon. 
The waitress was excellent, which is the only reason I'm giving them two stars instead of one.  She was very attentive to our table, refilled our drinks promptly, and stopped by frequently to check and see if we needed anything. 
If you want better food cheaper pricing, I'd recommend somewhere like Snockey's or Red Lobster. If you are looking to take someone on a nice date and don't care about the cost, take them to Ocean Prime in Center City, which has way better quality of food. For the $120 bill we paid last night, we could have eaten at Ocean Prime which is as nice as the highest grade Starr Restaurants in Philly and actually our new favorite steak/seafood place. 
I won't be returning unless they redo the kitchen staff and the menu to make this place more worth the price. It was bad value for what you pay, which is never an experience the customer should have.  
Trust the other YELP reviews. They are right.  Try a different place for dinner tonight.Terrible Alaskan crabs. $60 a lb and freezer burned, snow crabs a bit better but save your money.
Hi Liz it was March 21, @6:30PMTo be honest I think the food used to be better, but it is still pretty good. Tad pricey.
Tie on the bib and get to crackin.Fantastic service. Fresh seafood. Good seasoning. Attention staff members and amazing service!The decor looked like it hadn't been updated since the 1970s. I got the shrimp scampi, pasta was so undercooked and so so bland, no flavor at all! They maybe put butter on it. I sent it back. And needless to say I will never come back here againEh, the crab bisque was so thick it seemed like crab dip - filet was ok, small. The shrimp scampi had only 4 small shrimp and was very greasy. Dessert was generic nothing special. The one thing we did enjoy was the buffalo shrimp. Crispy & flavorful. All in all it was OK at best. I don't think we'll he back. Service was slow to start but picked up.First time eating here- had a Groupon. We were sat right away. Clean dining area, nice attentive service. The food- salmon, crab cakes were fresh and delicious! Also reasonably priced. We'll definitely be back!My busser, Blue, ABSOLUTELY DESERVES A RAISE! He provided better service than my actual waiter! The only positive thing I can say is that the food was not bad at all. The mussels, chocolate cake, crabcakes, bread, buffalo shrimp & cheesecake were all delicious. Service was horrible & my $11 martini tasted like a child's juicebox (no liquor at all!). Our water was never refilled, so our cups were empty for pretty much the whole dinner. We weren't asked if we needed anything, although we wanted napkins. Our waiter acted like we had a virus at our table & our party of 2 became a party of 5 because some fruit flies decided to join our table for dinner. Hopefully management starts making some adjustments before the reputation is too tarnished. A few minor changes could make this place great.We got Groupon for this restaurant. And it only cost us $30 to have a good experience. The seafood are really delicious and fresh. It is a little bit expensive. And also reminded me bubblegum. I like this place.Totally love this place. I would definitely recommend the Buffalo shrimps. If you are a crab lover, sautéed garlic crabs is a must try! The server was friendly and made some great recommendations.Excellent, Excellent,Excellent.
My mother is from Maryland, so I am used to dissecting steamed crabs.That being said, I love Dinardo's. They know their crabs and I can always count on a warm reception. The service is friendly, the crabs are fresh, and they have Moosehead on draught. What more can one ask for?
Tonight, I was in the mood for crabs after returning home from a disappointing Flyers game. It was on the the late side, and I felt a bit guilty going into the restaurant at almost 10pm. However, the staff acted like it was 7pm on a Saturday night. They were kind, welcoming and willing to commiserate with us about the horrible Flyers defeat.
So 5 stars for Dinardo's excellent crabs and their ability to turn my spirits around. Bravo.I just came home from Dinardo's from a VERY disappointing dinner.  First of all, the website states on its homepage, "All You Can Eat 
Arrive early on Monday nights, when $32 will buy you unlimited amounts of steamed hard-shells, fries and coleslaw."  My family and I are seated, skim through the menu and briefly speak to the waitress only to find out that there is no all you can eat.  EXTREME disappointment; that was why we went there in the first place!  Just days before, the Metro newspaper had a column that mentioned the all you can eat.  How are you going to have such big talk about this stuff and not follow through?  It's like false advertisement.  It's what brings in your patrons and if you're not going to comply, why advertise at all?  Also, the only sized crabs they had available was regular and large.  Even worse, it wasn't fresh and was extremely salty.  Hold back on the Old Bay seasoning, will ya?  Huge disappointment for big seafood goers.  And with what our bill came to be at the end of dinner, I felt as though going to Chinatown and ordering plates of stir fry lobster or buying our own bushels of crabs would have been more satisfying.
Additionally, the hostess who seated us seemed very rude.  I got the vibe that she hates her job and that setting up a table for 10 was too much work for her and that we were wasting her time.  Our waitress wasn't a very good listener, nor was she very patient.  I got the same vibe from her as well.  I felt rushed to order and when we took too long, I could feel her patience growing thin.
This has been one of the worst experiences I've ever had.
I definitely DO NOT recommend this place.Lets see, unfortunately we were in a rush and I ordered the crabs, My fingers were brutally destroyed mainly for my lack of Crab dissecting experience. My friend had the fish and chips and it was very good, nice white fleshy meat. Overall for the price I would have expected just a bit more meat from these critters. 
Service was acceptable and the air smelled of delightful seafood!I like their seafood salad. It's a little pricey, but the helping is generous.Pleasantly surprised by this Philly classic. Attentive, friendly service and great traditional seafood. The fried calamari was tender and crisp, the hard shell crabs huge and flavorful. We were encouraged to make a mess and loved doing it. The linguine needed salt but there was salt to be had. The wine was just ok, but that's not the draw. This is not trendy tweezer food. You should go.I wish there was a way to give 2.5 stars. 
We went to DiNardo's for dinner on a Thursday. I wasn't too keen on the idea because it's generally not a great value. I'm not opposed to spending a decent amount of money to have a great meal, but I hate feeling like I'm getting hosed. 
Anyway. We arrived and were seated quickly without a reservation, which was nice. We ordered our drinks and apps. We'd wanted to get the Cajun shrimp app and the cocktail claws from the raw bar. Sadly, they were out of the crab claws so we got the Littleneck steamers. Both the shrimp and the clams were good.
The decor is dated, but in a charming way. My date got a blackened shrimp entree, which he enjoyed and I got the crab stuffed broiled flounder filet, which I did not. To be honest, it tasted like the stuffed tilapia you get at the grocery store when you're too lazy to make real food. It just wasn't good eating. 
I usually get snow crab by the pound, but the market price was about $40/lb, which is a bit high considering that I can get the same for $8/lb. I understand food cost, but 5x retail for steaming crab seems silly.
My last issue was with the drinks. I ordered two drinks, both Jameson on the rocks with ginger ale. I only received one and was charged for both. (Though they did take the unreceived drink off the bill). I was honestly shocked by the price of my drink. 12.50. Are you kidding me? I'm a bartender (in Old City) and that's a legitimately obscene price for a simple rocks drink. $10-11, I could even see but this is just a case of a place that has substandard food that charges a premium for it.
The apps are good, everything else is ridiculously overpriced and kinda meh. Would not recommend.Went in for a quick lunch and were glad we did. Got a bowl of crab soup and the buffalo shrimp.... DELICIOUS! The service we had was on point, our server was very helpful and fast, we will be going back at least once before we leave town. 
Love the old school feel this place has, nice but still casual.Went here with my family because my mom had bought a groupon or some stupid deal online. There's a reason as to why places like this have groupons, but my mom thinks it's cool to buy these things and we just let her go with it...why bother spoiling her fun?
The place is faux New England(ish?). The prices are stupid, like, ridiculously stupid. 35.00 for tuna (?) covered in what they said was crab, still not sure about that one. I am sure that said tuna and maybe crab meal was covered in brown sugar and soy sauce that they tried to pass off as teriyaki...with a side a linguine that was smothered in a butter sauce. There may have been garlic in there but I'm still not sure. 
I would rather have gone to chickies and Pete's. At least they can actually claim award-winning fries and not frozen Orida fries sprinkled with some Old Bay seasoning.  
Save your money and go somewhere else. Please. I beg you! Don't make the same mistakes as my elders!
This place is worse than terrible. It's a rip-off and a joke!!312 Race Street dates from at least 1776.  Over the centuries it has born the title boards of various establishments. Today the address crowns itself as "Di Nardo's - Famous Seafood."  But when it comes to vintage history, for those of us of a certain age, a table at Di Nardo's is a re-creation of a more immediate past. From the yellow pine paneling to the red vinyl benches and from  the paper placemats with crab eating instructions to the baked potato wrapped in aluminum foil  Di Nardo's recalls dining in the 50's and 60's in the tradition of Walbers, Zaberer's and Bookbinder's.   After all, when was the last time you saw a salad composed of iceberg lettuce garnished with shredded carrots and Russian dressing served on a frosted glass dish in the shape of cabbage leaves?
We began our dinner with the snapper soup, something I haven't had since the days of the old restaurants I just mentioned.  Perhaps memory is more flavorful but this soup tasted more of the flour roux than anything else. I have to say that Di Nardo's is more than a bit high priced. A mixed fried seafood platter is far from a complicated or delicate preparation and a tag of 32.50 for this retro selection is nothing short of excessive.  The flounder, fried and broiled, offered nothing exceptional that you couldn't do yourself. Then too, I buy my fish either at H-Mart or on 9th Street so $22 for a small piece of fish was more than four times what I would pay locally.
Perhaps the most humorous servings at Di Nardo's, other than  the iceberg salad, are the potatoes. You have a choice of either the foil wrapped baked potato with sour cream or French fries. What serious restaurant still offers these? At least the foil wrapped potatoes were not in the shape of a swan (Do you remember your childhood joy when you saw them?)
The menu prices are even more questionable since the restaurant features a sports bar from which they clearly derive supportive revenue. When it comes to such things as the crab menu, why pay Di Nardo's prices when you can enjoy crabs at a far less cost on 9th Street.
I do have to say that the wait staff and the management were most attentive and extremely friendly.But who do they say "Bon appetit" in French rather than "Buon Appetito" in Italian?
We dined at Di Nardo's only because we had a Groupon and because it is a Philly establishment that we had never experienced.
Di Nardo's food is a trip to the old fried fish restaurants that have long since left this world. The food was not bad but certainly nothing exceptional and nothing I could not do myself. I learned nothing and experienced nothing new.
Only because of the Groupon was it worth its toll.2.5 stars really... "Meh, I have experienced better."
The seafood was "okay".. We were misquoted the market price of the crabs and the waitress merely shrugged her shoulders at the billing time. -It was her error. 
The service was very slow.
The famous fries were overly seasoned so I drank more water.
For a meal that cost over $100 for 2, I was disappointed and would have preferred a chain like Joe's Crabshack. Better food and service for a cheaper price. Or  hit McCormick's for comparable pricing.
Save your money. This isn't such a draw as a must see tourist hot spot. -I am an (overseas) out of town visitor for a conference.Went here b/c of a Groupon deal, all the tables in my area had Groupons so they must be having trouble bringing in diners.
Went on a 3/1, Friday during Lent....out of hard shell crabs unless I wanted the garlic kind. What??!! this is a crab restaurant and you're out of crabs.
I don't think the waitress told us about any specials, the menu didn't wow me. King crab legs were way too pricey for this place too, I almost didn't have anything  to select. Ordered appetizer of stuffed mushrooms, these were good not great.
 One of my party ordered soda, came from the bar, 1st glass was good, the next flat as a pancake, he asked for a replacement and it was just as bad...how do you get a soda wrong?
No one brought us any bread, rolls or oyster crackers to munch on while we waited for our food. Our meals were broiled platter combinations and were just ok.
I used to like dining here, it used to be much busier. Maybe they should update the decor a bit, its so old, dirty and dated.
Not worth the parking lot fee we had to pay to eat here.