The wait for the other brunch places in Manayunk were long so we wandered over to this new diner - we're so glad we did! This place is small but the food is very good. I had the salty caramel brioche french toast and my husband had the chipotle crispy chicken burger. My french toast had caramelized pecans and bananas, and was exactly the sweet breakfast I was hoping for. My husband's chicken was fried to perfection. The cost is comparable to the other brunch places around here and the food certainly competes. I would definitely recommend it!My fiancé and I have been here twice and both times our food was amazing. The prices seem reasonable for the most part-but you want to keep an eye on what you are ordering. For example, my breakfast sandwich was 5.50 but a side of hash browns was 5.00. Both were delicious but I would not have ordered the hash-browns had I paid closer attention. Crab cake Benedict, breakfast sandwich, and the salted caramel French toast were all delicious though!The food was good, but nothing had salt or pepper, which it needed. The staff was very friendly and the service was quick. The menus has a good selection of breakfast items and interesting combinations for omelets and breakfast sandwiches. The booths seem to be built for larger people. Everything was bolted to the floor (tables and benches), so I felt a little slumped over eating. The distance was definitely too far for my 3 year old to sit in a booster seat or at the table, but they had a high chair that solved the issue. Overall, a good experience and I would go back. The staff really made the experience with their smiles and attention.This place is awesome!! Yummy grits, great prices and good quality. I would give five stars but they have to serve better French fries.My girlfriend and I were excited to try this place out since it is relatively new and it was such a nice day. It was very unfortunate that we had to wait over 10 minutes with 0 people in front of us and 2 open tables that were outside.
We were trying to be understand with the lone waitress who seemed to have no help until she told us she just had to clear the table and we could sit. She proceeded to do everything but that for the next 10 minutes or so. 
It wasn't until an upstairs waiter came down and cleared the table for us that we were finally able to sit. Our last straw was sitting for another 5-10 minutes without even being asked our drink order. 
The food looked great but I highly recommend investing in another waiter/waitress to run things properly.This place is good. Food wise I would have gave this place 5 startls but service isn't the best which is why I gave 4 stars. Let's talk about the food first.  I got chicken and waffles--the chicken was nicely fried and paired with this delicious sweet sauce (reminds me of the fried spring roll sauce from Asian restaurants). It was fantastic! The waffles were really fluffy--the only thing was that the waffles were not as crispy (especially around the edges). The tots were good. The home fries were good as well. Their matcha latte was delicious! Now, the services. After we ordered and received our food, no one can to check on us to see if we need any refills or simply to make sure we didn't need anything.  I noticed they only had two servers which could make it difficult to provide better service on a busy brunch day. Maybe next time I will just order takeout instead.Wow! We've been trying to eat here for weeks but the wait is always too long. Came late on a Sunday and fell in love with everything we ordered! We got the red velvet waffle with Nutella and mex Benedict or something. It was out of this world. We will definitely come back just for the Benedict again.Went their for the first time. I order the steak and egg and oh boy it was bad. I order it medium rare got a cold over cooked steak that was of the lowest quality possible. You get eggs with no bread.  The home fries were just ok. Oh and that was after a 45 min wait time. The owner was nice she did not make us pay for the food. We tip the server and left hungry...We're always looking for new brunch spots and Main Street has great options. The Diner is a great addition. We didn't wait long for a table on a Sunday afternoon, peak brunch hours, and the hostess was pleasant in welcoming us. I got the chicken and waffles and the sweet chili sauce they give you is delicious with it. My boyfriend got the French toast with caramel, pecans and bananas and that was really good. We shared hash browns and beef sausage and he got the eggs. Lots of food that we ended up taking back home. Everything was great and the specialty mimosas were good as well. We'll be back!This place has the potential to be very cute but unfortunately, is lacking. The decor is ok, but dusty and cluttered with boxes and supplies. There's no hostess, so you have to wait for a waitress to be available to seat you. The foods not terrible but also not great and the menu has many typos, so be clear as to what is in your meal. My husband is a vegan and ordered an avocado sandwich which ended up being served with egg even though it's not stated in the menu. The waitress said that it's a typo and that the sandwich comes with egg, but how would he know that? On top of everything the service is very slow and the waitresses aren't on the same page as far as what was ordered. So we had to ask where certain things where, like our coffee and reiterate what we ordered. I probably won't be returning.My family and I really enjoyed our yummy yet affordable brunch food. The dish sizes were surprisingly large and very good quality. The crab cake benedict was really good but would prefer the crab cakes not fried with a batter coating. We had a smoked salmon benedict as well which was way filling. The seafood grits was prepared well and very tasty. The chicken portion in the chicken and waffles dish was huge, with two breasts that were tender and moist. There was a side of Thai sweet chili dipping sauce. The Waffle was homemade but would've preferred maple syrup. Great value for brunch overall.My fiancé and I ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich and the red velvet Nutella waffles they were both so excellent great flavor and just delicious!!!!!!!Great food. Cool atmosphere. Crispy chicken sandwich w chipotle mayo and sweet chili glaze was perfect. Not a huge fan of the fries they serve, but that's just personal preference.Dined here today for the first time.  The place itself is small, but has a nice vibe.  Cappuccino was good, salmon omelette was okay, if a bit dry. Wife's avocado egg sandwich was really nice, with a crunchy bread holding a nice bunch of egg and avocado.Decided to try this place on Monday morning. I was a little leery because it was on Main Street, and didn't look up the menu or any reviews ‍, but I'm so glad I went!!
When I walked in, I was seated instantly. The menu is small,  but it works. They're strictly a breakfast and lunch spot, and you can order either at any time. I decided to order the Triple Berry French Toast and my friend ordered the Chicken & Waffles.  Prices were reasonable. 
Food arrived quickly, which I expected because they weren't busy. I was impressed with the presentation as well as the taste. 
I will definitely go back again!Wow. What a cozy little addition to Main Street. Maybe one that will actually last!  My best friend and I wanted some breakfast, and I had received a notification for this place some weeks ago.. and of course the bookmark was set. 
The interior is adorable, and not overly decorated with plants and white Christmas lights.  We sat at a cute little bench right in front of the barista bar. V much a fan of this assortment (minus that the bench was a little far from the table top, so we had to lean in a bit. I started my order with a strawberry iced latte.. except they were out of strawberry. Well. Black coffee it is. My friend and I split the chorizo eggs Benedict and Nova Lox omelette. Both were delicious but that chorizo  an entire link split between the muffin halves. And the guac and accompanying hollandaise sauce blended perfectly with the entire dish. 
Really, my only complaints are they seem a little smaller portions/higher prici than Greg's across the street (especially when hash browns are $2 extra). But if you want a new brunch spot for your Saturday adventures, definitely give them a visit!We arrived in the Diner with a motley crew of 3. The ambiance of the place brings you back to a scene straight out of Florida circa 1967 - it's awesome. The service is good, but I'm still waiting on my food. I'll let you guys know how it goes.Love this lil diner in the heart of Manayunk. I come here for the waffles :) 
Never had a bad experience hereThis food is delicious and definitely welcomed on Main Street! With the exception of Greg's kitchen, there really aren't other strictly breakfast places. The prices are on the higher side but you get what you pay for - the food is great quality. I definitely recommend the chicken and waffles!The food here is awesome. My go to is the regular eggs Benedict, my boyfriend is obsessed with the crab cake eggs Benedict. We also love the coffee.. I usually go with the iced caramel macchiato and he gets the americano. The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the poor flow system they have. There is no hostess.. you just write your name on a list in a notepad. There is no option to call ahead for a wait list so you are usually stuck waiting 30 mins to an hour (on weekends). They are usually understaffed and only have 2 girls working which extends the wait even longer. The use of the upstairs space is poor, they definitely need to add more tables. All in all I think it's worth the wait, but they definitely could improve.Sat outside on the sidewalk on a beautiful fall morning, and enjoyed my chicken and waffles! The chicken was juicy, and not over greasy. The service was a bit slow, but it was a Sunday morning brunch, I enjoyed not being rushed.service is abominable and staff is rude 
Food is fine and prices reasonable  but bad service outweighed 
Not many choices in manayunk for breakfast but I will never returnA few days after passing by Diner @ Manayunk and seeing the menu in the window, I made it a point to stop in for brunch with a friend following our Saturday morning run.  I wasn't sure what to expect, the menu choices looked extensive and the prices were quite reasonable.
While every breakfast option that came out at tables around us looked great, I was in a lunch mood.  Of course, I still had to order a Bloody Mary (after all, it was Brunch time).  For $6, I was very happy with the size of the bloody, however, while it had a good balance of alcohol to mix, it seemed to be more of a tomato juice vodka than a bloody.
Outside the less than ideal bloody, everything was on point with Diner @ Manayunk.  My ranch chicken wrap was amazing.  It was huge and had nearly a whole avocado. I ended up taking half home. And I normally just pick at fries, however, I killed all of them this go around - very crispy.  My friend's omelette was a pretty solid portion size and I assume delish since his plate was clean at the end.
Service was a bit backed up thanks to a call out in the kitchen.  However, our waiter kept us informed and kept our drinks fresh.  My friend & I agreed we needed to keep Diner @ Manayunk in our brunch rotation!Quaint little diner. I had high hopes for a new breakfast spot. The food presentation was visually appetizing.  And it would have been enjoyable had the food not been served cold.  It was not crowded, yet the waitstaff had a difficult time managing the tables. It has promised if they work out management.I. Love. This. Place. I've had their French toast, their scrapple, their seafood grits, and their shrimp burger. Brings a smile to my face every time. Great price, great atmosphere, great food!Had the BEST fried chicken & waffles and eggs Benedict here! Their home fries were also so crispy well seasoned. I also loved their random pieces of Korean decorations.So happy to see a diner with good food and reasonable diner prices open up around here. The food was great, the rations were very large, exceptional value especially for Main Street.My wife and I absolutely love the food here, but the service is horrific. We come here often and there's a sign in sheet with no hostess so you don't know how long your wait will be. Usually, there's a lot of people waiting to be seated. Almost every time there are tables open in the lobby, but it has not been cleaned. They are understaffed and should really look into hiring a few more people. I see so many people often cross their name off the list and walk out. I would give this place five stars if it wasn't for the service.Food gets 4-5 stars but the rest of the experience was terrible. We waited 45+ minutes at noon on a Saturday (2 ppl) which would be acceptable except that when we were finally seated upstairs, we found one other party, the rest of the tables were empty. Service was incredibly slow and inaccurate. I promptly ordered a cup of coffee and didn't get it until my meal was served, despite reminding them twice. Probably not going back any time soon.At the location of closed Jason's Cozyday is a new diner (but almost the same furniture as the previous restaurant -including the same "Jason's" sign). I wouldn't really label this place a diner, as the ambiance is not... you know, diner-like. It is clean, new, and hip. Service is attentive, food is quick, and prices are reasonable - our brunch for two came out to about $25. Food is decent but not mind blowing. Our chicken and waffles did have super crispy chicken, but waffles were s-o-g-g-y as could be. The people around us seemed to love their french toast dishes, so perhaps that'll be my next order!My boyfriend and I were trying to find somewhere to go for brunch in Manayunk. We've been to the same places too many times, so we decided to check out this new place that opened not too long ago. It was surprisingly great. The menu has a lot of different options on it that aren't your typical brunch options, such as seafood grits, which my boyfriend ordered. The food was delicious! I ordered the Mex Benedict and that was so good. I ate almost the whole thing. And that's another thing, the portions are a decent size, especially for the price. The prices were comparable to the other restaurants in the area. They're not horrible. The seating was a little strange. They used every inch of the place, including the window area. We sat right at the window. It was intimate, but a bit chilly. I'm sure it would've been perfect if it weren't a cold March morning. However, overall this was a great place! We will definitely be trying it again.Loved this place! I ordered Chef's Seafood with grits.  It was really yummy and very reasonable!! We will come back!Tried it out for first time on a quiet Thursday morning. The food knocked it out the park. I got the Triple Berry French Toast and a side of bacon and my girlfriend got the Benedict. The place is quite small so I imagine it gets crowded with a wait time very easily. I think it is a great addition to the street.Food is always good but the management is just awful. Waited 25 minutes for a table surrounded by empty, sensible tables because they only have one waitress to serve and seat an entire building of tables. Get your sh*t together if you're going to be one of the very few breakfast options in Manayunk.Amazing food!! Came here based off reviews looking for a new place to try and definitely didn't leave disappointed. We came on a Saturday during brunch. We had to wait about 20 minutes which wasn't bad since it's a small space. There was confusion with seating because the person that greeted us never gave us any number so a couple came in after us and a different worker was going to seat them first until we had to explain we had been waiting and no one gave us a number. They could definitely use a designated hostess to avoid waiters trying to seat people too. We got seated in this cute little window nook that looked out onto Main Street. We had the red velvet waffle which was TO DIE FOR. I have a sweet tooth and was worried it would be something that was so disgustingly sweet I wouldn't be able to eat it but it was the perfect balance of sweet with the offset of fresh fruit mixed in! My fiancé ordered the crispy chicken sandwich (I don't remember the exact name but it had a sweet chili sauce) so good! The prices are more than fair for the portion. Everything was around the $10+ range. Definitely will be back! I almost don't even want to share this review so I can keep this hidden gem to myself! :)The food here was really good, but it was over an hour before we got our food. Parking is a pain, so make sure to either carpool if you must drive or take an uber.A very nice place for breakfast!! The Benedict egg tastes really delicious and the environment of the restaurant is lovely. I would definitely come again if I revisit this place.I went with 4 stars because of two things: 
1) They are now only open Saturday and Sunday 
2) you always have to hunt someone down for a coffee refill. 
Other than that, this place has amazing food. Like truly amazing. I have always gone away thinking it was the best meal of my month. Try it and you'll be happy, but only on the weekend.After living on Main Street for over 10 years, there is finally a dIner that I can walk to.  The space is in a two-story converted row home, newly renovated with a cozy style, right in the heart of the Manayunk.
I was greeted as soon as I walked in and was seated at a 5 chair coffee bar. Service was attentive and breakfast took about the right amount of time as everything is cooked to order.
I ordered the standard, 2 eggs SSU, bacon, home fries, and toast.  Eggs and bacon were perfect, home fries (added onions) we exceptional.
Looking forward to trying the benedicts and the lunch options.
It would be rally nice to see Diner@Manaunk stick around.Amazing meal. Great service they r super nice. Food came out fast and everything was so flavorful and delicious. Also the atmosphere is so nice, smooth jazz and relaxing but also fun. Also great prices!!!! Big portions as well.We got there by accident last Sunday and loved it. My friend ordered Seafood and Grits, her kids got French Toast Brioche and I ordered some type of omelette. I didn't taste the toast but look on the kids faces was hard to misread - they clearly enjoyed it. Seafood and Grits and my omelette were excellent. Both the host and our server were super nice and attentive. Great experience overall and we'll certainly be back! Keep up the great work, guys!We arrived at 8am right when they opened so did not have to deal with any of the crowds. I popped in on another day but was not greeted and limited seating so left. Bottom line I am very glad we tried this new spot in the yunk.
Seafood Grits - very impressed by the mix of seafood in here as you can see from the pic we have quality flavored shrimp, mussels, baby scallops, and a terffic array of vegatables. Only critisim would be the grits themselves were lacking flavor so definitely add butter or your seasoning of choice.
Someone better warn "Greg's Kitchen" across the street because this spot has way more dynamic and entertaining dishes. Looking forward to trying more of the items on there menu.I love the food here, but the service is purely abysmal. Every time we have been here for breakfast there are only one or two servers working the entire building. They are serving, hostessing, running the coffee bar, and bussing the tables which as you can imagine, is a complete shit show. 
Today was the absolute worst. Knowing full well that the Philadelphia marathon was happening today, the management still only had two people working the whole building. My husband and I waited over half an hour for a table even though there were several empty tables ready to go. Several tables were waiting for their checks and were visually agitated (one guy kept going up repeatedly telling the server they were ready to cash out). Several of these people's checks were wrong and had to be corrected. Many people came in to order coffee and left after being ignored for at least 10 minutes. Once we were seated we waited almost another half hour for someone to take our order. It's not the fault of the waitstaff obviously, but the management really needs to get their shit together....
The regular complaint I have is that even though it's a regular shitshow there with the disorganization and understaffing, there is absolutely no communication from the serving staff about what is going on. You stand there for the longest time trying to put your name on the wait list and the two servers just rush around and try not to make eye contact or acknowledge anyone... that makes the experience even worse since you're legitimately being ignored. 
We usually put up with the poor service because the food is great, but today was too much. Unfortunately we will not go back. Breakfast should not be a 2 hour ordeal when the restaurant is only 3/4 full.I recently returned to the Manayunk area for business reasons. I was looking to have breakfast, I knew there were a couple great spots in Manayunk, but wanted to try something new. Speaking to the server the place has only been open for 6 weeks! Food was delicious, atmosphere was cozy and chic, and Mocha Latte was not too sweet and not too bitter. Definitely recommend! I had one of the specials but the French toast on the menu sounded amazing. Will surely need to try next time around.Noticed this place was new a few days ago and always love to try new places! 
My boyfriend and I were very pleased with the diner! It's not your usual diner with a menu with a million options, but does have a good variety of breakfast and lunch choices. 
I ordered the eggs Benedict, which was good - nothing special, but still hit the spot. My boyfriend ordered a breakfast sandwich - and usually I'm hesitant to like breakfast sandwiches from restaurants. I never find them appetizing, but I was envious of his order! It was placed on two thick pieces of toast and a good serving of egg, bacon, and cheese. I am 100% going back to order that!! 
One of the best parts of this diner is that they have Franks Red Hot Sauce!! I have so much trouble finding breakfast places that have this hot sauce, which is my favorite so that was a huge plus! 
We love our sweets so we couldn't pass up ordering the Salty Caramel Brioche French Toast. It was just as tasty as it looked!! The toast was crunchy on the outside and so soft on the inside. It came with a caramelized banana, whipped cream, and generous amounts of caramel. Definitely will order this again as well!! 
A great breakfast place to be added to Manayunk! Highly recommend.We originally went here to get their double fried chicken and dumplings. Was told they no longer serve the items and changed to brunch and lunch spot. Honestly I thinks there's nothing they can do. Food was amazing. Service just as great. Can't wait to come backAmazing! Just what manayunk needed! My boyfriend and I went here for breakfast today and loved everything we got. It's so cute inside and great prices!Awesome addition to Main St. Their prices reasonable food is excellent! Definitely check then out.Excellent service & yummy food! The avacado chicken wrap is soooo good, the quality you can taste. Will be back!Wow! This place looks wonderful inside and the staff were super nice. We ordered two orders of their chicken and waffles and they were SOOO GOOD! And our order was only $24! Can you believe that? I ordered the same chicken and waffles at Sabrina's once and it came up to $15 per order . I will say this though, their OJ was not fresh like the one in Volo coffeehouse.Everything about it was Meh. Service took forever, Bloody Mary was basic, chorizo in omelette may not have been cooked, and eggs and French toast were nothing exciting.This is a new place in Manayunk but has quickly become my go to spot for breakfast. I haven't had anything here that I didn't like.This review is for the second floor Restroom only...
Ouch Ouch my Head!!!
I am not a tall man but this bathroom is too small.  When i stood up i banged my head, please note there is a protective sheet in the space so i assume other have done it too.
Other then that the bathroom is decorated nicely with plants and fun advertisements.Ordered the eggs Benedict, berry French toast and chicken and waffles. 
Berry French toast were amazing! Incredibly fluffy, not too sweet with this amazing custard 
Eggs Benedict were yummy! Was very pleasantly surprised by their hollandaise sauce. Had a nice twist to it! Very tasty. 
Chicken in the chicken and waffles was VERY CRUNCHY It was amazing. The chicken itself was a little bland but it didn't matter because the crunchy coating was so amazing and flavorful. 
With covid happening we got take out, which can often cause the food not to be as good as if ordered in the restaurant. But it was not the case here!! Food tasted amazing and wasn't  soggy when we got home!A pretty decent brunch place, good food depending on what you get, decent mimosas; everything is a bit pricey as they try to make their options look fancy. Might go back again.Came to go to Gregg's Cafe but there was a 1/2 hour wait... was looking for a quick bite so we ended up going to the resto close to where we parked.... and there was Diner! 
Can't decide from steak and eggs or crab cake benedict... the server recommended the latter. I highly reccommend as well!!!. They were not cheap on hollandaise and they were delicious... fries was a loot too!!! Couldn't finish my meal...The food is amazing. However the service was pretty slow and the atmosphere made us extremely anxious. They could do better by having an extra person on staff.This is the cutest little spot ever! The vibe is amazing. The music is relaxing and takes me to another time. And guess what?? The food is really good.Great place for brunch! The portion sizes are great! The price is great too! You can get a full breakfast for under $10. It doesn't feel like you're in a diner. The atmosphere is modern. They provided great customer service! I have no complaints except they should have a speaker on the first floor that plays different genres of music as well. I will definitely come back!I'm just sad Jason's Cozy Day is gone. 5 stars for chicken and waffles and the avo-holic breakfast sandwich!New favorite breakfast spot for absolute peace and quiet. Smooth jazz playing in the background, amazing food, and La Colombe coffee! What more could you ask for? It gives off a very warm and inviting feel. Almost like a mix of a mountain cabin with a touch of modern. The staff is very friendly and attentive, but not overbearing by any means. I'll will definitely be bringing the family here very soon.My wife and I were really excited to try this place. Manayunk is a cool, hip section of the city, and this place seemed to fit that vibe. The place is small and cozy, and has a distinct "hipster" feel. We were excited to sample the menu because we thought that feel would carry over to the food. Sadly, because of the poor service and confusing menu we were not able to sample any of it. 
We were seated in a small window seat, which was fine, but it seems as though our server forgot we were there. I feel like we must have waited for 20 minutes or more before we were even served waters. When we went to gave our order, my wife requested the tangy ranch avocado chicken wrap with grilled chicken. She was told by our server, "we don't have grilled chicken." Um, what? She then asked about the veggie burger and how it was prepared, and our server replied, "it's grilled" (you can grill a veggie burger, but not chicken?!). Anyway, she asked for it on a wheat wrap, and our sever rudely replied, "we don't have those," even though a wheat wrap is offered for other items on the menu. We got up and left. I'm honestly not sure how this place has the following that it does, or how it has such high ratings. Not recommended.The owner is very friendly . Food was very good. you get a lot for what you order. Smoothies are great as well! It's my new favorite place!!Have had brunch here twice. Both times were great. Food was cooked perfectly, generous portions, fresh ingredients, good service. Looking forward to trying more things on the menu.New breakfast/brunch/lunch place and I couldn't be happier! Greg's is my spot, but it's closed on Monday so I came here. The rustic vibe is quaint and intimate and the music was light and beautiful. 
I looked at the menu and opted for the veggie omelette with potato's and avocado came to $8 and it was such a large portion! Everyone around me had these beautifully presented waffles, French toast and burgers. I would definitely recommend trying!!My boyfriend and I came here for breakfast and were pleasantly surprised.   Upon arrival we were promptly seated and attended to.  
The food is really good and plenty.  I had the avoholic sandwich which was huge.  I couldn't finish it. I liked that they didn't skimp on the avocado,it was fresh and every bite had some. LOL  Also the hashbrown was part of the sandwich. Two thumbs up for that!! 
My boyfriend had the Cali omelette with homefries and french toast which he said were very good as well.  
The place itself was very chill.  They had light jazz music playing which was cool. One could still carry on a conversation and enjoy the music.  
Overall great food, inexpensive and good service.10/10 would recommend! Everyone loved their breakfast- lox Benedict, mex Benedict, and chicken and waffles. Ambience was very relaxed and cozy. Looking forward to going back and trying more!Our first time here & we are not from the area. So glad we stumbled in. Chicken & waffles were made to perfection - chicken was on point, waffles -both perfect! Seafood grits so good! And we got the cheese steak that was so amazing, no more genos and pat's after this cheese steak. The owner said they use fresh beef and not frozen. We will def be back.Solid breakfast open on Main St. Manayunk has a few good spots already but the Diners breakfast food was very good! From the awesome breakfast sandwiches to the waffles we are glad this spot opened up! Solid 4 Stars for breakfast at the Diner. Give them a try! CheersYou walk into a nice vibe and smooth grooves playing low but enough to cover the chatter of the familiarity of family, friends and neighbors. Diner @ Manayunk is a place for everyone to come eat, enjoy and laugh as we watch the 
shoppers and neighbors go by.
I so wanted the Chef's Seafood and Grits but WHY OH WHY do people put milk in grits? They can be made creamy and smooth without it!! UGH!! What about those allergic to dairy?  People may not immediately ask if milk are in grits because there is a difference between MILK GRITS AND GRITS, DAMN!!!!
I ordered the meat lovers breakfast: sausage, bacon, 2 eggs, AUTHENTIC home fries. Great service  with great prices and generous portions made me forget about the grittttts! Not really but for real!! I'll be back 4 sure!!The food here was good and the platters where a very good size. Enjoyed family time with family from out of town. Dinning is still out side.The food here is okay, the vibe was good. If you don't know where to go in Manayunk and feeling indecisive, try here! It's honestly a hit or miss, but hey, you might like it! 
There's random korean posters here and there inside the Diner, I've yet to figure out the story behind it. I know that this place used to be korean place but that's all I know thus far. I've tried bunch of breakfast foods here and it's alright. I mean, can't mess up diner foods, right?Very busy on Saturday when we were in. However, nice staff, great food at reasonable $. Took a little to get food but like I said busy.I went to breakfast this morning and really enjoyed it! The inside is very cozy with warm lighting. We were able to snag a window seat, which was an alcove with two seats. I got the red velvet waffles and my husband got the chicken and waffles. Both dishes were generous in size and delicious. They also serve La Colombe coffee!Good portion sizes for the prices! Sunday late brunch is great for any hangover cures. They also have good weekend drink specials to pair with that hangover brunch ;)
Patio seating is cramped, but good for people watching!Living in the area, Main Street was in need of a diner. My boyfriend and I just got back from breakfast at Diner At Manayunk, and we are so impressed. Walking in, it is cute, clean, and has a very comfortable and welcoming atmosphere. The staff was amiable and very attentive to their customers. The menu had a ton of options. I got the Classic 3: Meat Lovers, and it came with two eggs, home fries, two slices of toast, and two selections of meat. I chose pork roll and bacon. I was so impressed when the food came out because of the portion sizes. Usually when you order bacon you only receive two pieces, well I received like six pieces along with three pieces of pork roll. The amount of money you pay for a meal here is well worth the price because they give generous portion sizes and the food alone was delicious. I don't usually write reviews unless I feel a place deserves one and Diner At Manayunk deserves a review. I cannot wait to eat at this place again.My wife and I were looking for a place to eat breakfast and we saw this place on yelp and was intrigued by the good reviews it got. This place did not disappoint at all. I got the triple berry French toast which was amazing along with a cheese omelet and hash browns and my wife got a veggie omelet with homefries and cheese grits. Our meal alone is worth 5 stars, wasn't a dent on the pockets either. Their servers were super friendly and attentive. I'm super intrigued that they have this button looking device at the end of the table where it has options to notify your server if you heed assistance or would like to pay for your meal. I've always thought of that every time I go out to eat because it is annoying at times to be giraffe necking for your server. I would definitely recommend this place and would most definitely come back.Came here for a quick brunch and it was good! We got the waffles with a side of bacon which was pretty good and we also got the Mex Benedict which was fantastic. Service was a little slow in the beginning but it was a Sunday afternoon so it's to be expected. Definitely check this place out for a brunch spot!!We used to go to this place when it was Jason's Cozyday serving Korean food so we were disappointed one day when we drove by and saw it had closed down. On New Year's Day we were in the mood for breakfast and saw this place had reopened as a diner. It was one of the only places open so we checked it out and had our minds blown. My fiancé got the market street breakfast sandwich with bacon and I ordered the Mex Benedict with tots. We also saw a picture of the banana Nutella French toast online and decided we could not leave it so we decided to split an Order. We were not disappointed! Everything was really good. The Mex Benedict was an eggs Benedict with chorizo and peppers and onions. Probably one of the best Benedict's I've ever had! And the french toast was absolutely delicious. Everything was really good and I can't wait to go back!Ours was a very underwhelming experience, starting with "home fries" that were nothing more than frozen processed potato cubes that appear to have been microwaved to tepid warmth.  Just gross.  The crab Benedict and sandwiches we ordered were lacking any creativity or taste.  The tiny bathroom upstairs has one disturbing toilet in a cramped little cubby with a dirty seat hanging on with one broken hinge (how hard is it to fix a seat and clean every once in a while?).  The walls are decorated with bizarre and kitschy Japanese teen posters.  With so many great places to eat in this neighborhood, I wouldn't bother to return here.