When you consider going to Guapos Tacos, you need to ask yourself, "What do I really want to pay for?" If you are most interested in getting a lot of food at a cheaper price, that still tastes pretty good, then Guapos is not for you. But if you are interested in experiencing flavors and meats that you don't normally get, let alone in a taco, then Guapos has a lot to offer. 
I got the duck tacos and I encountered a savory, sweet, carroty, rich sauce on surprisingly succulent duck (I don't expect much from shredded duck in a food truck). Sure I would have liked more, but I'm glad for what I got.Today the truck chose me!  Well they chose University City, and to sit outside my office, and to close the dining hall due to Spring Break....a series of coincidences?  No way, Jose...Garces.  
So I took advantage of the nice day and my good fortune and ordered the Chipotle Short Rib tacos.  I felt so manly since I normally order the chicken or fish choices, but beef was what's for lunch.  First of all, I really wish Jose would've magically led (in similar fashion like today...or with a path of rose petals) me to his truck when he was decorating it.  We could have had a really great boozy night finishing all those bottles of beer, saving the caps for truck decor.  I save my bottle caps and make magnets out of them for the fridge, so obvi I'd be a good truck crafter.
I took the tacos back to my desk and immediately received a phone call...UGH.  Never answer the phone mid-taco.  Back to the taco.  Two baby tortillas holding a shredded short rib, radish sliver, onion, lettuce, and my topping of the array of hot sauces they provided.  It only took me 2 bites to finish each one...but I normally finish all food in 2 bites.  They were very good - a little soggy but that's because the phone got all up in my taco business.  The only thing I wish differently, is that I had 4 tacos instead of 2....Jose, do you deliver?Right, left, right, left.  So went my gaze as I snuck up to the Guapos Tacos food truck on a frozen weekday afternoon in UCity and whispered, "Pescado."  The guy eyed me up and down, asked for my name and whether I wanted any of the drinks nestled below him in icy containers.  Jarritos pop or glass bottles of Coke, hell yeah.
Several minutes later, my name was called.  Shh, I'm not supposed to be here!  My partner in crime picked up his order, looking equally nervous.  We crept to a nearby bench, sat down, and swapped tacos; now we each had one short rib and one fish.  Deep breath, a final shaky glance, a nod.  Let's do this.
Bite, bite, bite.  Flavour explosion in the mouth.  Perfect blend of cilantro, onion and spices.  Remnants of the short rib taco dripped into the biodegradable container.  Thumbs up to my companion, who nodded sagely.  Best idea ever, his eyes shouted around the mouthful of taco.
Pescado, or fish for you newbies.  Flaky, cooked to the right texture, served with pickled veggies and a teeny bit of avocado.  Bite, bite, bite.  Punch to the gut, a happy sigh.  Yummm, and didn't realise I'd made that sound rather obscenely until the crowd nearby started laughing.
And all was gone before we knew it.  Incriminating evidence of our visit was disposed of in the Guapos Tacos bin next to the food truck.  We nodded to each other in silent agreement - we'll need to do this again, soon - and parted ways.
A half hour later, coworkers caught me comin' into my office in NoLibs.  "Where have you been?"  I shrugged.  "Running a work errand," I said casually, as I shifted my coat to hide the taco drip on my jeans.3.5 stars.
Twas early afternoon as I snuck from the office trap
Downstairs toward the food truck adorned in an array of multicolored bottlecaps
Arrive before noon and avoid the insanity of the center city lunch rush
Cause, c'mon an hour wait for a taco is altogether too much!
"An order of carnitas please!" I shout as I attempt to lengthen my neck three feet higher
But seriously, why does this counter need to be the height of Larry Bird (well, at least his prior)
The pulled pork, smoky black beans & pineapple-habanero salsa creation is delivered still steaming
Although for 7 bucks, these two tacos induce an uncomfortable swindled-feeling.
I add a squirt of piquant sauce (of course) and gather by the fountain to devour
I do in fact enjoy the carnita but, I have to say, he's just not the man of the hour
The sweet tangy contrast is present but there's something definitely amiss
A bland tortilla, meat lacking savor, a far cry from cuisine bliss.
Alas honest tom still holds my heart, for now
So with that, fine taco trucks...until the next showdown.the duck tacos had the best flavor
the chipotle short rib tasted like beef soup meat without any spice
the veggie taco was ok, but mainly just a vehicle for sourcream like the shortrib
the guacamole although smooth was really bad.  i thought for 6.50 it was going to be one of those tableside shows inside the truck, look i cut the avocado, i smash it fresh...nope
chef garces gives you the old pay for 3 get 2 here per orderAte fish tacos at Spruce Street Pier location. Service was super friendly. Tacos were awful! The fish didn't taste fresh and they were drowning in a strong, nasty vinegar tasting sauce. Diners beware!Just when I thought that Jose Garces couldn't get any better I stumbled upon the Guapos Tacos truck at the lovely Clark Park while en route to the farmer's market.  Two words: fish tacos. 
Maybe I'm on a taco kick (actually, definitely) but these tacos are unbelievable and I don't even mind dishing out $8 for two of em.  The soft tacos are perfect, the fish is tender, and I'm not even sure what the sauces on the tacos are but they come together to give you the most delicious bite of taco in all the land.  I want to try another kind of taco but the pescados are so good I can't pass them up.
The staff is always very friendly.  I like that they ask for your name and tell you how long it'll be until your tacos will be ready.  They always refer to you by name after that point in the most endearing way.  
The truck is a beer cap masterpiece.  The people watching (Clark Park crazies) is the perfect place to enjoy your little piece of Thursday Garces heaven.
My coworker and I dream about Thursday walks to Guapos Tacos and the market.  It's hard to come by something so perfect a mere two blocks from the office.  Track this truck down.  Oh, and I love the name.  It's adorable.  Well done again, Garces restaurant group.This place fucking sucks! When you first order you say what you want and you get a number ticket. I waited over 30 mins or 45 mins for 4 tacos!!!!! I was dumbfounded on the time it took to even get these tacos. The tacos are not even worth it. $17 in total for 4 fast food tacos. The gringo taco literally and I'm not even joking, it tasted like Taco Bell!! The shell was stale, even Taco Bell makes better shells than this crap! The shrimp taco tasted salty and it was not good! Fuck you to the cook who made this garbage! It's honestly stupid! 1/5 stars for shit service and shit food.Meh...My guacamole is a heck of a lot better.  Why is Guapos' Guac so greasy? Either way...I don't think I will be returning. The food is way to expensive. And the guac wasn't great.Great tacos!  I had the chicken tacos a few times when they used to park at LOVE park during lunchtime.  Haven't seen the truck in quite a while though, and I've been looking!  I wish they posted a schedule or something of where they would be!Don't ever go to the Spruce Street location. Place is a joke. Ordered two tacos and waited over 30 minutes. I asked the chef when my order would be ready and he said I'm next. 5 minutes later he calls another persons name and completely forgets about me. I asked for a refund and their tough guy chef wanted to give me lip back about it. Disgrace. Learn how to operate a business.Food: 3
Service:3
Value: 3
Definitely not as good of an experience as the restaurant, but you can do worse with food trucks.If you double wrap the tacos, add a few other vegetables, bring back the original slaw, cut out the sour cream, you'd have a 5 star review. 
Even with such complaints, the flavours deserve a solid 3.7-4 stars. 
By the way, all of Garces' employees are amazing! Kind, quick, and knowledgable.Great way to spend a Friday night, lined up on 13th and Chancellor waiting for my taco fix. Slightly buzzed before we joined the queue at 10:30, we had some fun conversations with the others in line. Jose did a brilliant job with the marketing on this one, and the quality of the food did not disappoint. Distrito quality tacos coming out of a 4-man staff in a truck. Impressive indeed. Hadn't eaten all day, so a friend and I shared 4 orders of tacos: short rib, pescado, shrimp and chorizo, and duck. Muy delicioso, and the hot sauces available were a fantastic addition. Only possible downfalls were that the duck really tasted like beef (which took my taste buds by surprise?) and Jose didn't make a personal appearance. But definitely yum city.
They'll be back on 13th and Chancellor starting at 10:30 Saturday night (3/5) - don't miss out!I finally got to try this place at the Night Market.  I jumped in the line as soon as it opened, so I didn't have too long a wait, the line did immediately get really long though.  Once I ordered my food it was quick.
So $4 a taco, I got the carnitas and the short rib.  The pineapple on the carnitas was an awesome touch, but I liked the flavor of the short rib better.  It was super tender and juicy.  
So happy they were at the Night Market because otherwise I don't know when I would get to try it.Well, I suppose the buzz has died a bit, because unlike the previous reviewers, I walked up to an empty truck a few weeks ago at 11:45 on a Saturday night.  Not a single person in line.  Granted, 2nd street in Northern Liberties has a few options when it comes to street food, but nobody?  Really?  
Since no one was there, it took me only about 3 minutes to walk up, order my chicken tacos, have them handed to me, and walk away.  They were perfect.  I didn't know chicken tacos could be so delicious.  They were juicy and drippy and glorious.  Oh great.  Now my mouth is watering.I loved you... I did. Until the Made in America Festival, where u charged me $10 for two inadequately stuffed vegetarian tacos. Shame on u. Carnitas should be more expensive than black beans and avocado. I'm breaking up with u, Guapos. It was a short affair. I am sad to see it end.Jose Garces is the epitome of what is wrong with the food scene in Philadelphia.  Thanks to you Mr. Garces, I am back on Yelp to warn...no...inform... no...actually to ask you to PLEASE do something about the food scene here in philly.  
Now, first of all, I know NOTHING about Mr Garces, but i l heard he is an iron chef? really?? now i havent been on the foodnetwork because i dont own a tv now and also i just refuse to watch their atrocious shows but how in the world did an iron chef mess this up???? 
anyways, lets get to wats important, the food:
short rib taco: bland, underseasoned and just plain horrible
carnitas: over cooked, dry, over seasoned with salt, and just, horrible, again, how can you mess up carnitas??
duck taco: the most flavorful of them all, but that tasty... still a mess of sauces and flavors that just do not blend and a perfect example why chefs need to stop makin these con-"fusion" types of food 
fish taco: i dont even kno where to start.....
chef garces has failed to deliver what simple but yet so delicious tacos that I so greatly miss back in southern california.  instead, guapos tacos food truck is just another example of why america needs to stop this food truck fad.  over priced, over done and over-RATED.  
0.5 starsWow. What a letdown. I am such a garces fan and I've been conditioned to love taco trucks (hello Honest Toms!) so I figured, how could this truck not be amazing. 
Well, lets try very slow service, very high prices and (shudder) not great food. 
Before you defend, know that I've been here 3 times and tried different things each time : Short Rib was the best, followed by the chicken and then the fish tacos. 
They need to ramp up the food quality overall. All tacos suffered from dryness and not great ingredients. If they make the food better, I'd gladly pay.. and wait.Anyone that thinks it's a good idea to decorate an entire food truck in beer bottle caps is clearly after my heart. When you then go a step further and fill this food truck with Mexican treats, well, I'm head over heels.
Each order comes with two tacos (although the sign on the truck does not tell you this), which is slightly shy of a solid lunch portion. My eyes were way bigger than my stomach though, and I ordered the short rib tacos and guacamole and chips.
The guacamole was... ok. It tasted like mashed avocado (which, as an avocado lover, is still good).  I could have used some diced tomatoes and a squeeze of lime juice but it was still pretty darn tasty. 
The tacos were spot on. The short rib tacos come with white onion, radish, cilantro, crema, and queso fresco. Although a tad messy, it was one delicious lunch. I needed quite a few napkins though, so be sure to grab some before walking away from the cart.
I got there early, the line seemed to border on ridiculous by noon. The actual wait time from ordering to receiving the meal wasn't bad at all, maybe 5 minutes.  My one critique: I've never felt so short in my entire life as I did trying to order from this cart. They are a good 4 feet above my eye level, and I felt like I was shouting at the poor girl. Despite that, I'm glad to have this truck in Center City every now and then!Yum! I think these are some flavorful fresh tasting tacos. My lunch pal and I  went with the chitpole chicken and carnitas.  Prices seem reasonable but the wait too long. Bonus of long wait, cupcake truck right next door!Living in the suburbs we don't get a chance to go into the city often but we had a nice little taco lunch at Distrito's. My husband got the chicken and I got the shrimp and I think I ended up with the better tasting taco. The pickled cabbage was great. My husbands chicken taco, while it tasted good, his first bite caused everything to completely come out the bottom. A bit too wet. We had the guacamole which was tasty but I was surprised at the boring bagged chips. Atmosphere at the river was great and we would eat there again.I hit this truck over at the Baltimore ave stroll last month. I didn't know about all the hype regarding this but saw duck tacos on the menu and immediately knew I had to have them (I am crazy for duck!). They were pretty good with what tasted like shredded duck confit slathered in a rather sweet and spicy sauce and some sort of spicy marinated lettuce (or was it cabbage?) that sort of reminded me of kim chee, with queso fresco, onions and cilantro. The lettuce/cabbage stuff was a good compliment but I didn't really care for the sweet sauce in these tacos. I spotted some of the other items going out (the short rib tacos seems to be the big hit) and they looked really good. Overall the food coming out of this truck looked very good and I suspect I might up this review to 4 stars if I try some of that fare. kind of expensive tho for truck food but very good quality.Very disappointing. Shortrib tacos were soggy - the single corn tortilla did not hold up through the entire taco eating. Also overpriced. $7 for two simple, small tacos and no sides. I was waiting for awhile to try this truck, and am sorry to say I won't be going back.Don't set your hopes too high..they were such a disappointment! I waited in line for 10 minutes at the Chinatown night market for the chipotle short rib taco only to receive in return a wet, soggy, sloppy mess. Sure, the flavors were nice..but thats not enough to excuse the puddle of combined meat juice & sauce that my taco was floating over.They do a good job on quality and what I would describe as what I equate with authentic tacos. But, the price point for the quantity is off. So, worth hitting up if you need some tacos on the go in love park area.I find Garces food to be quite good, most of the time. This was not one of those times! It was tolerable but for the price and the wait, they have to do much better than this!
Ok so I walk to love park, leaving a little early because I knew the distance I had to walk to get to the truck, coupled with the long line I know will exist. 
I get to the truck and the line was really long......and really really really slow. I'm thinking to self, seems to me this truck has existed long enough for them to realize how to run things smoothly, they need (IMO) to have one person on the registrar, at least two cooks and one person getting the orders to the people, much like Tyson Bee's who served me not once but twice at the PIFA fair with much longer lines and much less of a wait. Makes me wonder if that's on purpose so that they seem insanely busy compared to the other trucks around them hmmmm
Anyway I stood in the line because after that walk, and not desire for anything else near buy I was getting a taco. I stood in line at least 45 minutes, possibly an hour waiting, when I got the tacos they were lukewarm, had ingredients on there opposite of what the menu mentioned it would have, and simply not worth the wait or trouble. I'm giving it two because the chicken at least was flavorful but would give it a 1 1/2 if I could.The best part about this food truck is that the decoration is made of beer bottle caps.  The tacos are overpriced just because it can, since it's so well marketed.  Are the tacos better than Taco Bell? Yes.  Fresh Ingredients? yes.  
But not the best tacos in Philly, and definitely not the best food truck food, as experienced at Chinatown Nightmarket.Guapos is one of the food trucks that is pretty much always guaranteed to be in Love Park for lunchtime, rain or shine.  I think my favorite thing about the truck is the cool design it is covered in, using the bottle caps.  Five stars for style.
It might be just me, but I never find the food to be very filling.  I'm not a big man either, I'm a 135 pound girl.  Also I'm a vegetarian.
The vegetarian taco is VERY underwhelming and they seem to never change it anymore.  When this truck first came around (or maybe it was another, similar taco truck??) I seem to remember delicious sweet potato tacos as an option.  No more.  Now it's hongos con rajas EVERY SINGLE DAY as the option.  I just don't find mushroom tacos to be very tasty.  I love mushrooms, maybe just not as the main taco filling.  An order of 2 of them is $6 and again, not very substantial.
Sometimes I get the tostadas, another vegetarian option.  This is good, also $6, but it's even LESS filling than the tacos.  I suppose I could get 2 orders of tacos and also the tostadas, but then we're looking at $18 on a food truck.  Which is too much. 
Maybe I would eat here more if they mixed it up and offered seasonal vegetarian tacos?I was super excited when I heard about Garces idea to get in on the food truck scene.  I even joined twitter just so I could find it's whereabouts!
The first time I ventured was a few months back at the callowhill location.  I loved the layout and colorful bottle caps on the truck.  I got the veggie and short rib tacos and they were so good!  The first bite was amazing.
Now that it is more of a love park staple, I've been able to enjoy it more often.  The guacamole, duck tacos and esquites are all excellent.
My only disappointment was at the vendys, when I had made it to their truck, they had sold out and I wasn't able to try anything.Guapos Tacos is working very hard to keep my life delicious and satisfying. On weekdays, they usually set up camp in LOVE park and I can enjoy some delicious tacos while sitting with my feet in the fountain. Now that they have started heading to 34th & Market on Thursdays, literally up the block from my office, my quality of live has improved by 14% (for those of you wondering where the math came from, that's approximately one seventh - because they have 100% improved my quality of life, but only one day per week). 
My initial feelings about the carnitas tacos still stand. I dream about these tacos. I tell strangers on the El about these tacos. I sing their praises from the rooftops and make out-of-town friends stand in line for 30 minutes to eat these tacos. The pineapple salsa is just flat-out delicious, and pigs are made of yum. I keep trying to love the shortrib tacos, but they just don't do it for me. I think the problem is that I do not care for beans, so I order mine sans beans. Lauren H pointed out that the taco probably loses something important both texturally and flavor-wise with this modification, so trust someone else's opinions on the shortrib tacos. I've only had the chicken, pescado, and duck Barbacoa tacos once each, but enjoyed all of them. Just not as much as the carnitas. (There's also a vegetarian taco - to save you the googling time, hongos means mushrooms.) The esquites are also very good, but you should wait to order them until it is no longer one million degrees outside. Or they should start making a chilled version. 
It's a bit hard to predict how long you'll have to wait for your tacos. I've gone to LOVE park and walked away with delicious tacos in about 10 minutes, but waited almost 40 last week in UCity (it was the truck's first appearance in the hood and it looks like word got out!). If you're crunched for time it might not be your best bet, but if you've got half an hour to hang out and enjoy your Jarritos while you wait the carnitas will be worth it. I promise. And if you don't love it, I'm happy to take care of that second taco for you.I seriously woulda tried the tacos at the PIFA festival but the cash register was broken and nobody knew what to do. I did take a picture of the truck though (with worker scurrying around calling corporate headquarters) and noticed that it's not even Guapos anymore. That's not very handsome of them...This is the best looking truck in the city, but that doesn't count for much when I'm starving at lunch.
After trying a few different tacos and some other menu items, the tamale comes out on top for me.  Smoky chipotle sauce, and a nice portion size.
The tacos range from OK to good, which isn't going to do it when I'm paying $7 for two.  A $16 lunch from a truck better either be culinary nirvana, or leave me with enough food for dinner.  Guapos does neither.
If there's no line, I might pick up the tamales or guacamole, but as far as the tacos- I'm going to Distrito for Garces' best.When I say Guapos, you say Tacos!  Guapos!  Tacos!  Guapos!  Tacos!
Thus spake the taco-starved members of the 50-person-deep line at 10:29 on Friday eve, waiting for the first tacos to emerge from Garces' Wonka-like taco truck (no one ever goes in, and no one every comes out!).   Alas, the man himself was not there, but in his place were some tasty tacos and some remarkably friendly and expedient oompa loompas... err... truck staff.  
$6.50 gets you two flavorful soft tacos, which is on the high side, seeing as how it's a taco truck, but reasonable as these are not your average taco truck tacos.  Laura S. and I split the shortrib tacos and the carnitas. The shortrib was good but the carnitas were the clear favorite, with a sour/sweet salsa that really hit the spot.  Keep an eye on the twitter feed - who knows where Guapos will turn up next!Meh.. Not worth the $8 for 2 small tacos.. nor worth the wait.
The food is good, yes.. the pricing point is off. thats the problem.
Hello Honest Tom'sMy crush on all things Garces pre-dates his Iron Chef fame.  I've thought on more than one occasion he could probably serve me a piece of cardboard and with the right spices I would probably find a way to defend it and call it delicious.  SO...I was super duper excited to hear that Guapos Tacos would be pulling up to the Clark Park farmers market last week.  Considering it was the Baltimore Ave Dollar Stroll the price tag for my Chipotle Short Rib tacos seemed even pricier (everything else I passed was a dollar) BUT I didn't mind b/c I just knew it would be worth it - it's *Jose Garces*.  While it was good, disappointingly that's all is was.  It wasn't great or fantastic or any of the other words that would come up in a thesaurus if you looked up those words, it was just good.  I actually commented to my other half - who ate the other half of the order - that it seemed overly salty and sadly devoid of any smoky chipotle flavor.  
From now on I think my tacos from a truck will *only* be purchased from Don Memo who parks on 38th/Chestnut.  And I'll hit Distrito for the sit-down experience.the food is good, but i wouldn't stalk them for another taco the way i did for my first.  
the guac, on the other had, is a spicy haven for chuncks of avacado.  THAT is worth the wait.With Guapos Tacos, Jose Garces proves himself to be not only a master chef, but a master marketer, as well. For the debut of Guapos Tacos, the truck was parked at 13th and Chancellor - the heart of the Gayborhood - on a Friday evening. When I made it into the line around 10:15, there were around 25 people in front of me. There was a great sense of camaraderie and excitement - we were all impressed at how well-behaved the line was. Apparently one guy tried to jump the entire line, but it was handled so swiftly that I missed it. I didn't miss the drunk girl in the miniskirt who wandered past on the street saying loundly, "it smells like tacos!" Yes, honey, it does. Delicious tacos. 
I was able to find room to try two of the tacos - the shortrib and carnitas. The short rib itself was perfectly cooked and delicious, but I thought the bean:meat ratio was a bit off (too much beans!). The carnitas, though, were PERFECT. Absolutely flavorful with a sweet salsa and shredded radish on top. A perfect drunk or sober food. 
My only complaint would be the timing! At 10:30, my friends wanted to be heading off to a bar - not waiting half an hour for me to wait for Iron Chef tacos. (Me, I was happy to wait to continue drinking to enjoy the tacos.) The somewhat late start did ensure that a good proportion of the line had had a few drinks, which was entertaining. When I was leaving the bars a bit before 1, the truck was just packing up. It would be the perfect place to stop for drunk food on the way home, so that was a bit of a disappointment. I wish it had been either a little earlier or a little later.
Regardless of when the truck comes out, I'm sure it won't have any trouble gathering a following. With tacos this good and this reasonably priced, I'm OK with a little inconvenience in my Friday night. If you're not already, start following the truck on Twitter so you know when it will make its next appearance!YES!! I finally tracked down the truck. I was expecting something big, something grand, but instead I almost passed the truck. There was no line and it was parked right in front of the whole food store. The menu seemed a bit ridiculous, adobo chicken, chipotle short ribs,.. DUCKS?!?!?! They all sound delicious and don't get me wrong, the chipotle short ribs was AMAZING. There were no place to sit there, so I had to bring it home. It was still good, a bit cold.
So I finally got to sit down and taste the savory rib meat with white cheese alongside with chips and guacamole, which has a little heat to it. I would like to go back and get more, but I think for 2 small tacos, it's quite pricey. Especially the guacamole which is $6.50 for just half a cup.Not worth the hype or the price. 2 tiny tacos for $6 bucks, not so much in this economy. You think they're gonna be awesome because they're Jose Garces but, meh I've had better. And by real Mexicans. Garces is Ecuadorian, not Mexican. Those ethnicities are not mutually exclusive. He's reaching at this point and becoming to much of a restaurateur as opposed to a chef with high standards for his food quality. Not worth stalking the truck.The truck was out at the Spectator Plaza for the NHL Winter Classic this weekend.  I couldn't resist trying it.  
I like the look of the truck, and I appreciate what Jose Garces is trying to do.  It's eclectic.  That's a good thing.  
Charging $14.50 for two small carnitas tacos and a regular bottle of water... that's a bad thing!  Then again, I don't know how much of that was inflated due to being by the ballpark at a special event.  Considering the other choices available at that time, I still went for it.  
That being said, the tacos had an excellent flavor.  I'm not sure they're the best I ever had, but they'd be 4 star tacos at half the price.I went to the truck that was at the spruce street harbor park and had a really good chicken taco. They were quick, reasonable priced, and tasty.Full disclosure: I'm a big fan of Honest Tom's taco truck. On the other hand, I'm also a huge fan of Distrito tacos so I had no problems crossing enemy lines to check out Guapos. 
Overall, I found the food to be tasty but not a knockout. Splitting food with a coworker, I tried the carnitas tacos, the shortrib tacos, and chips and guac. The carnitas tacos were will dressed with some sort of pineapple salsa but the carnitas themselves were a little dry and not packed with flavor. I really enjoyed the short rib meat, but the toppings were kind of blah (radish, some white sauce, black beans, lettuce -- I think). FInally, the chips and guac was a small portion for $6 and the guac had way too much lime juice in it. I assume this was done to keep it from turning brown but it overpowered the rest of the flavor. 
The prices were high and the portions were small. 2 tacos (no mix and match) for $6 or $7. Chips and guac for an additional $6. The food came out slow so I'd recommend hitting the truck at 11:30am. After spending $10 on 2 tacos and half a serving of chips and guac, I was still hungry and I'm not exactly a competitive eater. Fortunately, somebody brought a cookie cake into my office. Mmm, that was a good cookie cake.Gaupos Tacos food truck was available at a concert I went to last weekend. They offered their 'special event menu' selection. The people passed by with a tasty looking guacamole and salsa dish, I went for the carnitas mix- chicken, black bean with a pineapple salsa mixture instead. The tacos were fresh and the chicken still had a few bones, which is a good thing for me. The salsa flavor was pretty decent but overall nothing special compared to the next guy.Visited the Distrito taco truck inside of the Philadelphia Zoo.  If I had checked Yelp first, my expectations probably would have been level set, but instead I assume it would be great since it was under Jose Garces name (and restaurant).  Unfortunately I found the food to not be that great.  Portions were small and expensive, and the food quality was good but lacking flavor.  I had the chicken ropa vieja and my wife had the Mahi tacos.  Overall not worth the visit or the money.  For now I'll stick with Distrito the restaurant!A few weeks ago I stopped by the Guapos Tacos truck on its second visit to Love Park.  An encore visit from the elusive iron-chef-owned, bottlecap encrusted, taco-sligging lunch truck to Center City attracted a swarm of people.
The insanely long line moved SLOWLY, so slow in fact that we began giving people at the front of the line nicknames so we could ask things like: "Did purple shirt get her food yet? nope."  Our total wait time was 1 hour 18 minutes before finally placing our order, and the wait after placing our order was an additional 9 minutes before we received our food.  This was with a constant stream of people dropping out of line.
However, all was forgiven once I finally had the opportunity to enjoy the fruits of our patience.  I ordered the Carnitas (Pulled Pork, Smoky Black Beans, Pineapple-habanero Salsa, $7.50) And Guac and Chips ($6.50). Both were tasty and well-prepared.  
The carnitas were particularly delicious, a perfect blend of sweet and savory with a touch of heat and easily worth their $7.50 price tag (for two small tacos).  The guacamole was fairly average and too much of a jalapeño minefield for my liking and not as worthy of its premium price tag. However the portion was plenty large to share, maybe worth splitting with someone.  My co-workers opted for the short rib tacos and had nothing but good things to say.
Would I eat there again? In a heartbeat.  Would I wait another hour and a half? Probably not.  Once the buzz dies down (especially now that's it's fairly consistently parked at love park) I'll certainly add it to my usual lunch break rotation.When Guapos Tacos was finally by 30th street around lunchtime today, I excitedly popped over...and waited 20 minutes. Fine, but I was a bit annoyed at the upselling and "recommendations" by the girl taking orders. When I asked for what she would recommend, she told me the duck barbacoa taco was by far the best and told a woman mere minutes after that she "ALWAYS gets the chipotle short rib". Ugh-I'm sure this happens more than I like when I ask servers, but that left a bad taste in my mouth.
My guacamole was fantastic and a huge portion for $4...If this food truck was in close proximity, I'd be all over this all day ee'rday. The duck taco...not so much to say the least. It was good but not at all filling for $4 and not even the best taco I've had from a truck. Overall, I expected a lot from this truck and it was about as good as any other food truck-a couple of good items and the rest average to mediocre.Almost as delicious as eating a taco at Distrito...after all, you can have a margarita with your tacos at Distrito!
I recently tracked down the truck, thanks to Twitter, and grabbed lunch.  We got there a few minutes early and had to wait but between the time we got there and when they actually took our order, a nice little line formed.  Word was out!
I got the carnitas tacos as did my brother in law and sister JMB snagged the crispy fish with an order of guac for the three of us to share.  
All was delish but since we took it home it was cold and needed to be reheated which definitely took some of the deliciousness away.  Next time I will definitely eat it on the spot to get the full effect.   The beans on the carnitas taco had such a great taste I was left wanting more and my sister claims that the crispy fish taco was good even without a quick re-heat.  
Check Guapos Tacos out on Twitter to find out where they will be either late night or for lunch and enjoy a quick Garces taco fix.Tried the fish taco at the Spruce Street Harbor Park location. It wasn't bad. Price wasn't bad either given what the other stands were charging. Location offered five different kinds of taco: vegetarian, chicken, pork, fish, and I forget the other one (seemed oddball to me whatever it was). Having a beef option would have been good (maybe too "mainstream," I guess). It was one of the only stands open at the time so it did good business because you either got tacos from here or you got ice cream at Franklin Fountain or funnel cake at the arcade. Most people chose tacos.Usually I love food truck tacos but this place had rude servers and it took 30 plus minutes to get our tacos when there weren't that many people in line. The tacos themselves were okay, nothing special and the sauce on the chicken was a bit too salty for my liking.I tried Guapos Tacos for lunch today and was fairly impressed.
I ordered the vegetarian taco (Honghos Con Rajas) , which consisted of mushrooms, cheese and fresh pico de gallo on a corn tortilla.  I thought the flavor of the mushrooms was phenomenal and it worked very well with the freshness of the salsa!  The person I went with had the chicken tacos and seemed to be impressed with the quality as well.
While the tacos were fantastic, you only get 2 in an order (and they're quite small), so it is not very filling.  For 8 dollars you would expect to get more for you money.  However, the quality makes up for it!So I get it, its Garces, it's a gourmet truck, it's decorated with beer bottle caps, it's going around the city fighting bad guys and saving damsels in distress.
It took 45 minutes to get a pulled pork taco with a canned pineapple topping. It was good, but was not mind-blowing. I think the term underwhelming characterizes it best to say the least.The fact that an Iron Chef added a food truck into his repertoire  speaks miles about how big the the Food Truck craze has become. And Guapos IS a worthy addition to the Garces legacy. But when it comes down to it, compared to some of the more seasoned taco trucks in the area, Guapos just falls a little flat.
You have admire anything that does a good job of turning recycled beer bottle caps into art, and in Guapos case its decoration is flawlessly detailed. And it does offer some mighty tasty tacos, especially the Chipotle Short Rib. But in the long run its still a little green compared to more seasoned  taco truck options like Honest Tom's and Taco Loco. and while ingredients like fresh kimchi, togarashi aioli, and crema can make it worth it; the price hike for what is at its root the exact same product can be pretty insulting, and also a far cry from the food truck mentality.
So while its good in execution, you can definitely find much better.This rating is solely based on my last lunch with guapos.  i had the carnitas tacos which I normally love.  This time it was drowning in a puddle of grease.  I was so bummed.  I waited 30 minutes in 90+ degree weather, paid $8 for 2 very greasy tacos that I couldn't even eat.  
better off going to distrito OR the headhouse farmers market for the best tacos al pastor!  kills the guapos tacos...I have heard good things about this taco truck, so I was excited to try them. I had an order of the chicken and short rib tacos. The corn tortilla on both was very limp. As soon as we picked the tacos up it ripped apart, making them almost impossible to eat. My friends also had this issue. The chicken had a really good flavor with a little bit of spice. The short rib meat was dry, and combined with the black beans made this taco very tough to eat. I was very underwhelmed and would not get these again, for $8 an order you can find many better options in the city.If you're looking for a truly authentic taco this isn't the place. If you're looking for a relatively good taco this also isn't the place. Stood waiting for my tacos for half an hour when I got them they sucked. Seriously bad. Wouldn't recommend to my worst enemy. Total waste of time. Also over priced for what you received. Just do yourself a favor and don't go. Please. Your time, money, tastebuds, and myself are begging you not to bother.Huge fan of Mexican but rarely eat Tacos out... c'mon now. We all know Taco Night at home is TOP NOTCH. But, I had to try this place -- my friend raved and he was pretty on point. 
I throughly enjoyed my Carnitas Taco, in Love Park. I would definitely give this truck another taste but I would definitely try something else. Everything that came out of it looked amaze-ballz and I don't wnt to limit myself!Guapos Tacos are served street-style, with the protein taking center stage and chopped onions and cilantro plus light sauces adding to the flavor. 
My first experience was at Amis industry night last September. There I tried tacos de lengua (tongue), tacos de carnitas and veggie tacos. The standouts were the lengua and veggie. The tongue was tender like a filet and the accompanying sauce had a tangy flavor. The veggie taco had flavorful, marinated grilled veggies. 
My second taste of Guapos Tacos was at the Vendy Awards. The grilled mahi mahi taco with a generous splash of hot sauce (from the selection of sauces on the ledge built into the the truck) was so delicious, I gladly waited in line again for seconds later in the day. 
The truck is colorful and fun and the guys who work inside are personable and handle crowds well. Two thumbs up for this tasty taco truck!