Some of the BEST food in the city.
service - 5 stars
cleanliness - 5 stars
food quality - 5 stars
price - about $18 a person
Neighborhood outside the restaurant - 1 star (on foot, it's scary at night)
Hands down some of the best food I have ever had. Everything is prepared to a perfection that's making my mouth water just thinking about it. 
I read some people say that's it's a small cramped place, but I disagree. I'm 6ft tall athletic size and I was very comfortable. It's set up in a way where if u want to have a conversation with the person in front of you, they can hear you.Just read the comment from the owner on my review which I posted at the bottom of this update. 
Ilker, 
I read your menu very carefully even took a picture of it because of how insane it is.
I support many local businesses; Dimitri's, Grace Tavern, Resurrection, Pub and Kitchen, Ants Pants to name just a few. 
Just because you are in the neighborhood does not mean I have to give you a good review.
Your response is a prime example of why I will never recommend your restaurant to anyone or ever give you business. There is a thing called Customer Service. 
And yes I am well aware of how restaurant and credit cards fees work - being that my 10+ years in the restaurant industry consisted primarily of setting menu prices and managing food costs.  And now that I work in the marketing industry here is a little free advice:
Do not tell your customer you are charging them extra for paying for their meal. If your prices are so low - then why not add in 10% to your food costs. Would probably make a lot more people happy/not feel they are getting ripped off. 
There are MANY restaurants in Philly where food is cheaper and more flavorful than Divan - Dimitri's is a prime example. 
Owners response:
Dear Mark,
I guess you didn't read the menu carefully.
Just the Visa/Master card charge is around 4%. On top that charge, we pay, bank's fee, merchants fee and credit card processing fee. Where do you think your flyer miles points come from? Do you know that 70%percents of banks' income, come from Credit Card Charge fees?
In total we pay around 10 percent for accepting credit cards which becomes part of the food cost to restaurants.Not to mention, we don't even have to accept credit cards. 
WE NEVER USED TO CHARGE 10% TO OUR CREDIT CARD PAYERS BY SIMPLY ADDING 10 PERCENT ON TOP OF OUR FOOD COST. BUT BY DOING THAT, WE WERE NOT FARE TO CASH PAYERS. INSTEAD, WE REDUCED OUR PRICES AS MUCH AS WE CAN, SO THAT CASH PAYERS WON'T BE CHARGED EXTRA.
Do you remember your bill at Divan? Have you been other restaurant's in Philly that was as inexpensive as Divan? You pay way more than you did at Divan when you go to other restaurants weather you pay by cash or credit card? Think about it.
By the way, thanks for your support to your local neighbourhood small business by giving us one star.After recently visiting Istanbul, Turkey in November, I went to Divan for dinner.  This is true authentic Turkish food and it doesn't get much better than this!  They even have a lot of Turkish beer, wine, and liquor.  I definitely recommend the sampler appetizer and entrees to get a taste of many of the items!  One sampler tray of an appetizer and and an entree is more than enough for 2 people.  The lamb is my favorite--absolutely superb and cooked to perfection!  And the baklava is an absolutely must!  YUM!This space is cute and has a great happy hour and afternoon deal. BUT if you happen to come on the weekend, expect to be charged a $10 corking fee if  you you've brought your own bottle of wine. DO NOT like. The food is up-and-down. While I liked our eggplant and tomato app and the little cigarillos filled with feta, neither were very impressive. I really liked my spinach dumplings in yogurt sauce, but my dining companions "falafel" dinner consisted of just that - 4 falafel balls on a lake of hummus - no veggies, not pita, no olives, no cheese. Pretty dissappointing for the price. The staff was great, though, moving us from outside to in at request and when I receive a VERY watery turkish coffee, my server remade it himself.I had promised to take my roommate out for dinner, but with the snow getting worse I decided to stick closer to home, and I'm glad we did. 
We started off with the Yaprak Sarmasi (stuffed grape leaves) and the Turkish Sigar Borek (Turkish cigars), both winners!
For entrees, I went with the Divan Kofte (Divan's Meat Patties) and he had the Doner Kebab. I was a bit disappointed with the quantity and size of the patties, but definitely not the flavor. The Doner was ample-sized, juicy and paired nicely with the mound of red onion served on our plates. My carnivorous roommate even brought home leftovers.
For dessert we split the baklava. Not as sweet as some I've tried, this piece melted in my mouth. 
We both drank the Turkish tea, with unlimited refills, once it cooled down from its near boiling state. 
I rarely get to turn my roommate onto new foods, but everyone should experience Divan. Other than the 10% charge for credit cards, Divan is a good Turkish meal I'd recommend to anyone.Thoroughly enjoyed - but the website and flyer-style-give-away menu is out of date.  They got a liquer lisence and raised their rates.  What was a down right bargain is now fairly tipical pricing.
That said, the food is quite tasty and filling. I'm not a big fan of Feta cheese but I was told the Cigar Borek was good, but it's definitely one of their smaller dishes.  The Falafel with Humus and Tahini sauce was also good but the presentation looks better in the take-out/web menu.  I also had the Karides Guvec (Shrimp Casserole) and Doner kebab.  There was plenty of tasty lamb in the kebab dish.  Casserol is just not the right description for the shrimp - it's got a layer of cheese on top and although seemingly conflicting, tastes pretty good - even if it doesn't have the breading that I typically associate with casseroles.
As for timing, the weekends are busy and there's a corkage fee ($7) - you can avoid it Monday through Thursday and you should get a little more breathing room too.  There's outdoor seating but I don't know about the ambiance on the corner of 22nd and Carpenter.  Reservations recommended on the weekends.
There may be a benefit to paying in cash - but I'm not saying.
I'll be back, it was tasty and filling, and I like the Sidecar Bar & Grill, a block away, for a drink afterwards.Came here with my boyfriend and mom when she was visiting, it was rainy and cold outside but lovely and cozy inside.  We ordered several appetizers and an entree to share and were delighted with it all- all vegetarian friendly!  (though looked like good meat options if you're into that kinda thing)  Also got rice pudding for dessert and I can say whole-heartedly it was the best I've ever had.  Yum.  Looking forward to going back!I was kinda hesitant of the neighborhood at first since I drove there. I was meeting an old beau now friend for my birthday. I was wearing a lovely flowered rayon dress with a slip. Big mistake. The place doesn't have a.c.! The food was ok but not great and the extra bottle of wine I brought was a good call cause he brought white! ewww. Anyway, I still prefer Konak for every reason including safe parking. Needless to say my dress was sticking to my legs and butt crack and i had to pull it out in a very lady-like way  of course. The company was great and table neighbors to the right of us were tres cool which made for a wonderful evening minus the sticky dress.First off you should know that I am a good food crazy.  I tear down restaurants when they aren't good and praise em when there delicious. Divan is delicious. It's authentic Turkish food, and the service is great -wait staff is kind and diligent. I ordered the meat appetizer platter, Doner Kebab, and Mediterranean Dorado.  The fish was banging, flavorful and fresh. To top off the superb and filling meal I had  a Turkish coffee. I'm given 4 stars because it really takes something extraordinary to get Five STARS.  Be sure to make a reservation.  I'd say goups larger than eight should go elsewhere, but be sure to visit when your group is smaller it's worth the taste experience.I'd been looking forward to eating here for a while and grabbed an online reservation for a recent Friday night. 
I'd read reviews stating how cheap the food was here, but we expected a little more for the prices. As it turns out, dining in prices are higher than take-out and delivery. For example, the Adana Kebab I had was $14.50, but would've been only $10.50 for take-out or delivery (see their website menu for details). Not sure why that is, but it tips the scales a little in terms of overall value. 
The food was simple yet good. We liked the Cigar Borek, although I've had better and gotten more at another Turkish restaurant. My Adana Kebab was also tasty, but again, seemed a little underwhelming. As an entree, it's basically the $7.50 sandwich unrolled on a plate with a mound of rice. My girlfriend really enjoyed the Ispanak Pirinali. And we both agreed the Baklava was some of the best we've had, not too sweet and a nice light finish to the meal. Food presentation was very straightforward.
Service was friendly and competent. The waiter for the table next to us was more attentive than ours, but we had no real complaints and the busboy did an excellent job throughout our meal.    
The location is a bit sketchy, as others have noted. During dinner, we watched eight police cars zoom by responding to an incident two blocks away at Christian St. When we left, 22nd St. north was being blocked off by a police van. You may not want to walk here from the Rittenhouse area. Street parking near the restaurant was easy.
Overall, I give it three stars for good food, service and ambiance. I'd probably go with four stars if the lower take-out prices applied to the dine-in menu.After visiting Turkey myself and experiencing food at difference price points throughout the country, I can still say that Divan serves some of the best Turkish food in the world.Look, I like Divan a lot. It's the best Turkish food I've had in Philadelphia. 
Maybe that's not saying too much, but it's saying something.
So, maybe the service can be a little weird at times, and the sketchy credit card surcharges can be annoying, but what it all comes down to is the food. If you come here with an open mind and good company, you will have a pleasant and delicious experience. 
The Turkish food here is legit, and the portions are pretty generous. The lunch special is a good deal, but dinner is tasty here too.Went the other night with some friends. Good atmosphere, very very attentive service, to the point that it felt as if the waitress was pushing us to make up our minds.
Appetizers were good. We all had lentil soup. It was tasty and had a good consistency. Then we had some falafel with humus, not bad.
For the main course, we had the hunkar begendi, which is this delicious pureed eggplant dish with smalls pieces of lamb. It was pretty good. One of my friends also had another lamb dish, very good too.
For dessert, we had the kazandibi, which we have tried at another Turkish restaurant. This one was superb, highly recommended.
This place is byob and also good for small groups. Beware, for credit cards payers, surcharge!! They prefer to see bills.I have lived in the area for about 4 years now and this is the first time I have been to Divan. 
My gf has been wanting to go here and we were looking for something somewhat close and something other than the usual Dimitri's or Pub & Kitchen so we stopped in on Saturday night for dinner. 
We are seated right at 7 which was a plus. Our server seemed rushed from the second we sat down however even though the restaurant was empty at the time. 
I was shocked the drinks were so cheap. $3,75 for just about everything on the drink menu. 
Then I started to look at the dinner menu. 
In red font at the top of the menu it states that since they are charged a 4% merchant fee to run credit cards we in turn have to pay an extra 10% if we use a credit card. Which of course I did not know. I was in shock  - I mean granted for our bill 10% was only about $5 or so - but the fact that they state they are going to mark up a vendor fee by 150% and make a profit off of something they are charged shocked me. 
I worked in restaurants for years as a front of house manager and none of the owners I worked for would ever do something like this - I mean to blatantly tell you they are charging you 150% MORE than what they are charged is just insane - and I am pretty sure illegal. 
SO onto the food. 
Falfel was good nice and crispy outside - however they came with the smallest side of hummus and no pita. 
We also ordered the spinach pie app. Now maybe I am just used to greek spinach pie that is nice and flaky and crispy on the outside but this this was soggy pasty like dough stuffed with some spinach with no flavor at all - it was soo soggy it was impossible to cut. 
I ordered the Doner Kebab. This turned out to be basically Gyro meat with less flavor. 
My gf got the chicken Sis kebab - the chicken was really good - I will give them that. 
Now at this point the restaurant was starting to fill up and our server seemed even more rushed - taking my gfs plate before asking if she was finished and cleared my plates before my gf was finished. Who knows maybe she never worked in a restaurant before. 
I definitely will not be back. 
1 star for cheap drinksI had a great time at this slightly out of the way spot in Philly.  The location is not so great, but it is within a 15 minute walk to Rittenhouse.  We had the octopus to start off with (decent texture/flavor, but nothing compared to NYC), then we tried the Hunkar Begendi 14.50 (Pureed smoked eggplant topped with lamb), which was very good and a dish I haven't found at other Turkish restaurants.  We also had the Levrek 18.90 (Grilled whole Mediterranean Sea Bass served with green salad).  The fish was grilled perfectly and seasoned very well. 
It can get a bit noisy and crowded, but the wait-staff is friendlyThe food is absolutely wonderful. The Chicken Shish Kebab and Adana Kebab are very good. The doner kebab is good as well, but a little greasy. The only downside about the food here is that they do not have any beef options, only lamb, which is a shame because I think they'd make a killer beef kebab. I highly recommend the Shepard Salad with Feta, it's amazing. 
The drinks are cheap as well, and their specialty cocktails are great!Just had a rather strange unique experience at Divan Turkish Kitchen. My boyfriend is a fan of Turkish food and I was only glad to find different restaurants around so we can try them all. 
I found Divan from Yelp and they all have a TV ad featured on some local channel which is impressive for a small neighborhood restaurant. In reality, the restaurant is located in an area of the city that I seldom travel. Indeed, this might be the first time I've ever been to the corner of 22nd and Carpenter. 
I've taken the effort of making reservations for a Friday night, but at 7:00pm the restaurant is more than half empty. The person on the phone wasn't perfectly fluent and it makes the conversation a bit difficult. Other than getting my name wrong, the table reserved for me was in a bit of a tight spot which will ensure a night of bumps and ass cheeks from passing patrons. The layout of tables are tight and a bit uncomfortable, from the Yelp album, I saw that it used to be better designed. Maybe they figured the reorganization could cramp a few more seats in and comfort was sacrificed. Good thing I asked to be seated one table over which was a world better.
The boyfriend and I shared a plate of Patlican Ezmeci which is a cold appetizer featuring mashed eggplants and tahini and a plate of Mucver or zucchini pancakes. To make the experience sounding stranger, the mashed eggplants was a mix between a baba ganoush and tahini with an aftertaste that I can only describe as Wasabi. With the mushy texture, I was convinced that this will fit perfectly in a maki and fool regular eaters. The Mucver comes with a huge dollop of lemon, dill yogurt cream on top and the pancakes were in fact mushy instead of crispy which again reminded me of some kind of poach fish dish. Maybe I was craving for fish, hope it wasn't because of any unclean surface. No, I don't think it was.
For entree, we shared the delightful Karisik Izgara which is their house mixed grill which features a lamb adana (ground lamb patty), lamb shish (lamb cubes), chicken shish (chicken cubes), Kofte (shaved lamb) and a doner kebab (charbroiled ground lamb). Just one plate and you get to try everything. My favorite is the lamb shish, the doner kebab came in a very close second, the chicken shish is also very delicious. Seriously, they were all great. The platter also came with  tartar sauce, rice and vegetable. I love their flavored rice with slivered almonds. 
Two appetizers and that mixed grill platter were the perfect amount of food for the two of us but secretly I would want my own entree next time I come here. I love their Turkish apple ice tea and the boyfriend enjoyed his Efe's beers. For the two of us, we only paid $45 including tips in total, I don't think $45 will be enough for one of my Zahav visit. Even though it's a bit far and out of the way, in a seemingly questionable neighborhood, I would still make the effort.I went to see if Turkish food was the best in the world.  Turns out it's not.  It's just OK.  Overall not a bad experience.  Attentive service and decent food.  I was just expecting more.This place has no consistency. I had a great meal here a while back, shortly after it opened, but last Friday night everything was wrong. 
My friend lives a block away, and so we wandered down around 8 p.m., lured by the $3.75 drink specials and 30% off menu. We got a table outside and both ordered apricot mojitos, and she ordered a shrimp and mushroom dish. I had already eaten. 
Her dish was brought out almost immediately -- before we even got our drinks -- but it wasn't cooked. It was literally chopped mushrooms and shrimp on a plate and not hot. It was about 15 minutes before a server walked by. My friend pointed out that earlier in the week she had ordered this dish was hot and sauteed. The server apologized and took it away.
Meanwhile, we are still waiting for our drinks. Maybe they forgot about us because we were outside? We flagged down another server, who went to get them. At that point we'd been waiting 20 minutes for two cocktails! She served them finally, and I'm sorry, but the apricot mojito was just weird. I drank it all but I didn't enjoy it. A few minutes later, my friend's mushroom and shrimp dish comes out, done correctly this time.
I decided to order another drink while she ate, and I ordered a gin and tonic. It was brought out in a tiny glass, around the size of a Dixie cup. My friend called it a "sippy cup" and we laughed and wondered wtf was going on. 
I don't know what's up with this place, but after being in business for more than two years, you would expect some consistency. It seemed like all the servers were totally confused. There doesn't seem to be any kind of system for taking food and drink orders and bringing them out. While we were there, we were waited on by four or five different people, and all of them seemd like they didn't know what they were doing.Divan...not so good. dissappointed. way overpriced. very small portionsWanted for a while to try Divan.   Could be a favorite, but probably won't rush back.
Pros:   Good food, ample portions, nicely presented.  Friendly and attentive (but not pushy) staff.   Warm, attractive decor.   Prices just right (though the 10% "discount" if you pay cash is sleight-of-hand, and the ATM conveniently located just inside the door is a cheesy way for them to make a few extra bucks).   The only misses were the baklava (dried out and a bit burnt) and the tea (we asked for mint tea and, instead of a real Turkish tea, got a Celestial Seasonings peppermint tea bag).
Cons:  Way too noisy and crowded; our chairs butted right up against the people sitting at the table behind us, not an inch to spare.   Our table wobbled.   We were seated against the outer wall, next to the long windows, so a cold draft came in on us throughout our dinner.   And the TVs - what's with the giant flat-screens hung on the walls, glaring brightly all night?   If I want to go to a sports bar, I'll go to, well, to a sports bar.
Too bad.   I want to like it more than I do.My husband and I just went there this past weekend and were at first surprised to see it so packed!  But I think we quickly learned why.  Excellent Turkish food and the first time I have ever had lamb.  I guess I picked the place to have it!  It is pretty small on the inside so you shouldn't  go if you are claustrophobic or are paranoid about others listening on your conversation.  The prices can be a bit steep, but if you stay away from too much drinking, you should be ok.  I think next time we will be a little more adventurous and try the grilled octopus platter instead of the usual calamari.  (But the calamari was good too!)Fast and efficient service and reasonable prices make Divan a tempting choice when you're craving Turkish food. But most of the dishes we ordered lacked the interesting flavors you would expect. The humus was the best thing we tried and the only item I didn't need to douse in salt; it was light and smooth and came with some soft and chewy pita for dipping. I'd come back for a snack and drink, but probably not another full meal.Divan is great place with awesome atmosphere and the owner is really friendly and hospitable (free rounds of beer is always a plus).  I had a mediterranean salad that was "vinegary" but then again I like vinegar, so I liked it, especially all of that yummy feta cheese.  For my main, I had the falafel dish.  It was an unimpressive display but, as with most authentic food, what it lacked in presentation it more than made up for in taste.  My girlfriend had a lamb dish, and I have to say if you're not a lamb fan than i don't think this will convert you, but if you like authentic taste in food than you'll appreciate the authenticity and honesty of the dish.  Another note: that the Turkish like their coffee strong and muddy.  Not that its bad but be forewarned.  Again 5 stars for honesty in food and hospitality.  Plus, our dinner company was 10 stars, so that always makes for a great meal.This is now closed but was here last summer and was disappointed. Looking forward to what is coming at this locationOne of the most underrated restaurants in Philadelphia. After reading numerous reviews, it appears that opinion on this place is so varied is because some people are understanding of quirky service and some people think that if they aren't treated like they're at the 4 Seasons that it's a 1-star. The bottom line is this: you are going to get an excellent deal on this place. It is the only place within spitting distance of Center City where you can get a $3 martini, and the lunch special for $11.95 is a steal. My wife and I have eaten here numerous times, and while our service has varied from OK to Very Good, the food has never wavered, and the drink specials are the best in Philly, hands down. That's not to say that the service is bad. Usually it is very good. The fact that the servers aren't always fluent in English has always struck me more as cute than as a problem. 
The servers are not as smooth as the ones in Center City. There is a bit of a language barrier. The menu is a touch confusing, I'll admit. But I cannot overestimate how minor these things are in light of how terrific the food is and how incredible the prices are. If you are the kind of person who gets upset because they charge more for credit cards (despite the fact that they have an ATM on premises), or because the servers speak in broken English, or because their menu is mildly confusing, then this may not be the place for you. If you can look past a few minor quirks while drinking a $3 Mojito and TERRIFIC lamb dumplings, then you should absolutely give this place a shot.good food, below average customer service.  they did move into the neighborhood before everyone else (the "new" south of south!) however, after going here twice for a family occasion, i would NEVER make it a 3.CLOSED!
This location is no longer the Turkish restaurant 'Divan'. The owner of that nice ethnic place retired from the business and closed it in early 2012. It is now a contemporary American cuisine place, with some sidewalk tables, named SoWe (with a long straight tilde over the letter e, so it is intended to be pronounced "so we" instead of "sow eee".
The SoWe is an abbreviation for its location in downtown Philly: "south west Center City".   I had dinner there w a friend today - he had crusted fried catfish pieces w an interesting rabe-like green veg plus other ingredients also on the plate. I had the cioppino and found it pretty good - very large tasty mussels, med-large shrimp, small unflavorful clams and tasteless, over-cooked and flimsy large bay scallops in a spicy tomatoey and creamy 'broth'. I enjoyed it!Our attempt to eat here on May 29th after the US v Turkey match was a disaster. 
We don't have a Turkish restaurant here in Austin, TX so we always check out ones when we travel.  We thought great - they have Efes, let's go!  After the game we headed over, walked quite a bit, sat down,  and had a server come up to us and basically tell us that we won't be served for a while and we should reconsider eating there because they were overwhelmed. Plus we were only two people so we were a "low priority"  Efes? They were out.
OK.
So we figure, lets just have a beer and move on - we were tired and thirsty from the walk.  We move to another table (after being kicked out of our previous one for a larger and higher priority party).  Hubby goes to the bar and asks for and gets two relatively warm Efes beers.  OK, so lets at least enjoy those as we never get any unless we are in Turkey.  Then we notice a table behind us received their food - they had sat down after us.  We thought - hey, why not wait it out. We got another two orders of Efes from the bar.  We had servers walk by us repeatedly and tables come and go and NEVER once were we approached by any staff.  NO Hos Geldiniz, nothing.
After about 80 minutes and a rising level of disgust we ask for the guy in charge (he is in one of the pics on the homepage here) and he apologized and offered to serve us himself.  But, by that time - no thanks.  We were insulted.  And, further, as our visits to Turkey are frequent, we know what genuinely can be expressed as "I'm sorry", this wasn't it.  We left.  Figured we would let people know how you can be treated here. 
They didn't even have a hostess taking names or telling people it will be a 90 minute wait and we will have a table for you.  And, for the size of the restaurant they were not understaffed, they had about 10 servers.  Funny thing is - we were warned about the attitude at this place by a friend who recently went.  Just chalked it up to a bad day.  Apparently not.  Sad this is what it took to get me writing on Yelp.  But at least now I can write a glowing review on Positano - THAT was yummy!
I mean, it is not as if they should have been surprised there was a game that day and they might be busy.went there two nights ago on a whim. had been wanting to go for a while though. it was really good! 
location seemed a bit shady, at least for some blocks that we walked (we walked from center city). inside, it was quite nice though. 
it was a thursday night and the place was pretty empty, which made me nervous. we ordered a falafel and the mixed grill (shared it btwn the two of us) and it was more than enough (this is what made the prices reasonable). 
all the meats were very tender and tasty. also, the house red was $5.50 per glass and really easy to drink and we received generous pours (nevermind that we actually ordered the house white). 
in any case, i highly recommend the place. enjoy!excellent Turkish food, including many options for vegetarians and vegans. nice to have an independent restaurant in this mostly residential neighborhood. the salads (very fresh) and chicken kabobs are my personal favorites. significant discounts if you pay with cash.I've been here now several times.  The food is consistently mediocre, albeit reasonable.  I might be spoiled, however, from spending a lot of time in Turkey.
The more serious problem here is the service, which is usually very slow (the last time it took 15 minutes to get someone to give us water).  On my last visit, however, it was simply rude,I went to Divan Turkish Kitchen on a friend date and was not expecting the quality of food that we received.
The meat sampler platter that I had was scrumptious and my friend had some dumplings with a rich cream and tomato sauce.  We also shared the roasted eggplant appetizer.  Everything about the food was warm and savory.
The only negatives that we discovered were a very limited wine selection, not all of which they even had in stock, a $10 corkage fee if you byo, and as mentioned by previous reviewers, the relative inconvenience of the restaurants location.
This is definitely a place I will be coming back to, but I hope they sort out that wine list in the meantime.now i know where to go when i want:
- fun specialty cocktails
- bangin hummus
- cute little lamb dumplings
- to get away from center city prices
- to sit outside on a nice evening in g-hoI love this place!  I disagree with other reviewers that say it's not worth returning.  Yes -- Divan is not cheap, but the food is delicious.  It is my only experience with Turkish food, though I have been there four or five times.
I like the atmosphere, which feels like you are eating in someone's home (a pretty home).  I also love the food (the Iskender is amazing, as is the "Bottom of the Pot" dessert).
This is our fail safe to take my mother-in-law, who loves good food and meat (there is not a lot here for vegs).  The place is clean and classy, but also kind of low key, which makes it a perfect place for intimate conversation and a good time.In the Graduate Hospital neighborhood, there isn't much else to eat where Divan is, aside from the Sidecar.  The restaurant is long and skinny, with many many tables squeezed in.  The food here is good, but the portions are on the smaller side.  So small, that one person in our group had to eat something else when we went to the Sidecar for drinks!
The service?  Eh... I had many "lost in translation" episodes during my first and only trip.  Perhaps they just came off the boat, but there were many issues.  They also were not interested in letting us chill out and linger after we were done eating.  They made many a not-so-subtle hints that they wanted us to leave so they could turn the table.  That didn't make us feel very good!I am surprised that there are ANY negative reviews for this spot.  We've been coming here for years and it is still one of our favorite restaurants for fresh and authentic Turkish food (and for food in general).  My boyfriend is half Turkish, and we've gone there with the Turkish half of the family.  They're fans of the food too!  I love having their help pronouncing my favorite dishes, like Hunkar Begendi (translation: "the sultan likes it") - which is basically a whole lot of smoked eggplant and lamb.
These guys know how to smoke some eggplant, the lamb is DIVINE, and I love the rice and veg.  My fave dishes:  You can't lose with the Adana for an entree (so well seasoned), and for apps the Patlican Ezmesi (smoked eggplant appetizer) is amaaaazing, and the Sigar Borek (cigar shaped pastry filled with feta) is also a favorite.
They keep the fresh bread coming (just ask for a refill), which helps keep the hunger pains away when the busy kitchen is a tad slower than usual.  We don't mind waiting because the cocktails are tasty and we're such huge fans of the food, the ambiance (It's relaxed and beautiful at the same time), the experience as a whole.  
All in all, I love this place, and the Turks in my life give it their stamp of approval as well.  I highly recommend you check it out if you have any curiosity about Turkish food (or good food), or if you are a fan of Eggplant.Best Turkish food I've had outside of Turkey...and I've been to Turkey 7 times. I've also lived in NYC for 20+ years and have tried most of the Turkish restaurants there.
The food is authentic, fresh, and extremely well prepared.
Service is hit or miss as they seem to cycle through wait staff quickly.The last time I was there 2008 and the waiting staff was very good, friendly and knowledgeable since then I had not gone there. I decided to go there again,  I was craving for some Turkish food. When we were entering the restaurant, the first thing the server said " we do not have Doner Kebab ", really instead of saying " Hi ". Anyway we did not order Doner Kebab, but the server was annoyed that  we were there...My only suggestions is to try other Middle Eastern Restaurants.Seated instantly, waited on attentively & graciously, served attractive plates, and left full and pleasantly surprised.  Not to detract from the multitude of gripes on here, but we were amped on all of it.Awesome...I have been a few times with one of my friends who was born and raised in Turkey.  She took me there and we got an appetizer and the Donar Kabob (loved it) and Turkish coffee...truely authentic.....This place is over-rated! 
Its around the corner from my crib and I've been about 3 times so I've given it a chance. 
To me; the food is bland. Period. 
Nothing else to really say about it. 
Not crazy about the staff either....odd.
Man...I didn't even want to give a starThis is a great example of a restaurant where the head cook thinks their food is good when they serve it for their family, but it doesn't have critical appeal. I wouldn't go back here again.
I went here on 2-January-09 for dinner expecting some interesting food because I never ate at a Turkish restaurant but I am familiar with the style.
Throughout the meal, it looked and tasted like old people food; bland, overcooked and lamely presented. I didn't taste any of the traditional "Turkish spices" they brag about on the menu. The falafel had no taste other than being fried. It tasted more like a hush puppy than falafel. However, the hummus was silky smooth and well flavored. The red lentil soup tasted like a watery lentil puree with no seasoning or spices. Just bland. The bread served with the appetizers was OK but nothing to rave about.
I had  the Iskender platter and it was burned, the pita was stale and chewy and the sauce was bland. The Kayseri Manti was really good though. The flavors were bold and intense and well balanced between the lemon, mint and tomato. This dish is the reason why I gave this place 2 stars as opposed to 1. I really liked it.
I think this place is sorta trendy because it's one of a few Turkish places in the city. Adventurous eaters like to try different cuisines and once another places does Turkish food better, I don't think too many people will go to Divan.My food was good, I just wish I had some pita with it.
Stopped in here on a rainy Sunday evening for some tasty and healthy food.  We were seated promptly and had a very attentive waitress who kept our water glasses full and was able to answer all of our questions.
We started with the hummus appetizer which I felt was a bit small and lacking in the dippable items (pita, bread, veggies)  The hummus itself was very tasty.
My meal was the Hunkar Begendi which is the smoked pureed eggplant topped with chicken.  It was very tasty and nicely spiced, but it was just as the menu said.  I'm guessing this is the way it is supposed to be presented because they seem pretty traditional.  I ended up stealing some pita from my dining partner because I just wanted something starchy to put it on.
The turkish coffee that we had was good, but my mind wasn't blown.  I drink espresso all the time so I opted for it without sugar.  Midway through our meal, live music started behind us which was a nice change of pace.
This is a good little neighborhood place.  I noticed they had really attractive drink prices but I wasn't in the alcohol mood.  We paid in cash because we figured it would just be easier.My first time ever trying Turkish food and I loved it. Can't say I'm an expert on it or anything, but I loved everything I tried. We brought a few bottles of wine to take advantage of the free BYOB during the week. From the tasty cucumber and tomato salad to the ground lamb kebab. The baklava and "bottom of the pot" dessert were to die for. Would def go again.As always, you have the good and the bad.
The good:
The food here is excellent. We ordered a variety of dishes and none of them disappointed to say the least. We were with a friend from Azerbaijan who spent some time in Turkey and she thought the food was fairly authentic. 
The bad:
The location seems to be on the edge of a not so good neighborhood.  If you are walking from Center City, make sure that you walk up along 22nd st and not Carpenter st.
The service seemed passable to me up until the end but both my wife and her friend thought the waiter was being rude to them throughout the evening.
We were there till pretty late and we asked them if they could call us a cab. The waiter refused to call us a cab and told us that we would be better off walking and hailing one off the street. I found that pretty rude.
I would suggest carry out or delivery. The food is great but the service needs much improvement.I give this restaurant 2 stars. We enjoyed the atmosphere - it was busy and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. All the food came out in a timely manner. We liked the appetizers but we were not impressed with our entrees. In fact - the "shrimp casserole" was not edible. The shrimp tasted like it was from a can and so did the mushrooms. Definitely not worth $18.95.....Good food, nice friendly waitstaff, good atmosphere. Save room for dessert, their baklava is awesome! Remember to bring cash though, otherwise there is a 10% service fee (based on your bill) added to the card.Let me just say, this may very well be the worst restaurant I have ever eaten at. About the only good thing I can say about it is that the appearance of the place looked nice. It had potential, but then it fell through. 
So I decided to order their "signature dish." It's got to be good, right? I mean sh.. if you are going to put that title on it, you better not f it up, right? It said lamb kabob, so naturally I was expecting there to be a stick involved even though the menu did mention that the meat was ground. What showed up was some weird version of gyro meat with a tiny piece of pita and some onions. And no, it wasn't even ground. The meat may as well have been cat because it sure didn't taste like lamb. It didn't even taste like Gyro mystery meat, despite its appearance. The meat was completely dry, flavorless, chewy and overcooked. It was a solid F. We didn't finish our food and ended up getting a second dinner.
So to top things off with our dining experience, the waitresses weren't friendly, we had to move tables because the guys sitting at tables outside were smoking and it was coming into the restaurant. The waitresses treated their job like it was some big social event while they were sitting around the bar. They started having a meal towards the end of our meal and we had to flag them over to bring the bill. Naturally, they left their purses and bags on the bar stools at the bar.
Even the water tasted a little funky. You know when you are a kid and you go drink from the hose in the backyard and you suck up a little dirt in the process. Yeah, it was like that.
My GF didn't even finish the grape leaves and some other vegetable stuff that she ordered. I do recall the words, "nasty" and "disgusting" emanating from her lips.
So, to top things off, if you pay with a credit card, they will tack on an extra 10% to the bill. I guess they want to make sure they keep this a cash business as much as possible because that way they can continue to fund terrorism with the under the table contributions, because clearly this place doesn't actually have any cooks working in the kitchen.
Food Quality/Taste =  -1 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 2 Stars
Decor = 4 Stars
P.S. - This may be a good spot to eat at before a funeral because it won't seem that bad after eating here.If Philadelphia was Berlin, somehow Divan would be somewhere in the back of the pack for this genre.  However, it's not, and if you stick to the sandwiches---which are reasonably priced---and avoid the platters/grape leaves---which aren't---it's a good choice for Grad Hospital lunch.The food was mediocre, the service was rude, and they refused to honor a special posted on their OpenTable profile: 
30% Off Food and Beverage
All week 5:00 PM - 11:00 PM
Offer valid March 6, 2010 - June 6, 2010
My wife and I both ordered the Doner Kebab, which tasted fine but was nothing to write home about. The rice was mushy and bland. We got hummus as an appetizer and that was just ok as well. There are too many other good Middle Eastern restaurants in Philly to waste your time at this place. Although if you live in the neighborhood I can see why you might be a regular here - the prices are good and the food is not bad, just average. However, we live in Center City and took a cab to try this restaurant out - and will definitely not be doing that again.
On top of all this, someone from the restaurant messaged me after posting this review with the following message - mind you we were there at 6pm, not "in the middle of the night" as he suggests: 
Dear Sir,
Just because you didn't get 30% off, for your check in the middle of the night, you thought, you should give us a 1 start review. Thanks, Great personality. We honor 30% off for your entire check between the hours of 12noon-5pm.7 days a week,not anytime you like. I would suggest you to pay more attention to  the hours of our happy hour promotions.
Thanks anyway.
Regards.
ilkerCheap cheap cheap. Shady and just plain weird. I can't put my finger on it but something is a little off. This is not a high class operation. So beware of strange protical. They change you more for everything as if they want you to pay in cash so there is no credit card fee. Weird. Cheap like I said. Maybe not a great place to go on an awkward first date. You won't look ritzy. 
That being said, go here with friends. I love it. Or even with a date later on down the line, say 7th date. The food is very tasty. I like many things here. The first time I went I ordered the mixed grilled which really gave me a good idea of what the deal was at this restaurant and I liked what the deal was. I like the hummus, the olives, the chicken, lamb, beef, doner kabob whatever the hell it's called it's delicious. And the coffee is bitchin' and the desserts are really great. 
I like the food here very much. I'm giving it four stars which is higher than the average. I hope the average goes up because of my review. It would be a five star restaurant if they just understood the concept of ambience and making the clientele feel classy. Oh well four of five ain't bad.Apricot inspired Mojito was a hit. I had the classic lamb dish, it was ok, slightly dry, but when it was combined with white dressing (looks like mayo), onions, and rice, the taste was so much better. My friend had char grilled chicken, I would try that next time.
Conclusion: I would definitely come back. Affordable price and relaxed atmosphere. Plenty street parking on weekdays.I had the opportunity to do PR for this place when they first opened, but even a couple years later I always get cravings to go back for my favorite salad (Shephard) and lamb dish (Iskender). It does get crowded, which is amazing for it's location. But the cool thing about being in the middle of nowhere is that it's a cinch to find parking. If you dig Greek, Israeli, and other mediteranen food, Turkish is a must!Don't go here if you or anyone you love can cook--it will only make you sad.
The food, from what I had, is fine and the service wasn't terrible. But I really cannot justify even giving it two stars, though--there's no chance I'll ever return there. I went here with my wife and a friend. My wife ordered hummus to start us off and I ordered the falafel. The hummus was  1/8 of a cup (1/4 at most) of hummus spread out on a small saucer. With some olive oil on it. That's all. Just this tiny, pitiful amount of hummus with no option but to scrape it up with a fork and eat it straight? And wholly unremarkable hummus, at that--no better that what I could whip up, myself, in less time, much greater quantity, and for less money. Unsurprisingly, my falafel suffered similar faults--just four deep-fried falafel balls in small, thin hummus puddles. There may have been a touch of tahini on each. So much wasted potential.Great Food.  I love the beef liver.  My son loves the lamb chops.  The atmosphere is great and family friendly.  Don't forget dessert.  Try the bottom of the pot which is a vanilla custard dessert.  It's great.  We eat there at least twice a month.  
Take cash because they charge you a 10% surcharge for credit.This place is great.  My mom and I walked from the library to the restaurant and while it was kind of a hike and pretty chilly out, it was a very pleasant walk.  And the restaurant was so warm and cozy once we got there that all thoughts of freezing wind were quickly forgotten.  
On to the most important aspect:  The food.  The food here was really delicious.  We mmmm'd all throughout the meal.  It's similar to Greek food (our waiter even described the roasted eggplant dish as babaganoush --sp?) but with some different flavors.  I don't know whether it was the current weather or if this is accurate, but if cuisines have seasons, it's the Fall/Winter to Greek food's Summer.  
I had the eggplant app and Mom had the red lentil soup.  Eggplant was smoky, garlicky and awesome.  The red lentil soup had a really interesting spice to it.  We scraped the bottoms of both dishes.  
For entrees, I got the turkish dumplings.  These were actually the reason I found this place (by way of a NYTimes recipe, followed by an internet recipe search) and they exceeded my expectations.  God, these were delicious.  Little pockets of yum, covered with a red sauce and a yogurt sauce.  I want them now.  I want them later.  I need these again.  
Mom got the lamb shish kebob and it was spiced to perfection and served with a tasty rice pilaf and grilled veg and yogurt dipping sauce.  If I wasn't so in love with the dumplings, I would order this.  Just watch out for the pepper.  It's got quite a kick.
We decided to go all out and get both desserts--baklavah, which was fantastic (the bottom all gooey and sweet, the top all crunch and flaky and pistachio-y) and the special dessert, some sort of pudding, was reminiscent of a rice pudding, sans rice and creme brulee.  And it was awesome.  
So put on a pair of sneakers and walk over to Divan.  It's worth it.  Mom and I have already made a date to go back.  
Oh, and did I mention the reasonable prices??  Yeah.  Just go there already.our first impression of Divan was getting out of the cab and the cabbie making a point to tell us NOT TO WALK HOME.    Not exactly how you want to approach dinner.  
fortunately the hostess graciously welcomed us and sat us.  soon after being seated we noticed the language barrier that other reviews outline.  we had asked for clarification on the byob (divan advertises it is a byob but has a full bar!?) the waiter did not have the language skills to clarify but from what i gathered divan will eventually transition to full bar but until they get their regular customers to buy into that concept they charge byobers a $10 corkage fee.  
the calamari was outstanding.  turkish calamari, "kalamar", is served with a yogurt dill sauce that was a nice stray from traditional marinara!    we were both pleased with our entrees but not entirely sure how to eat them.  they were kabobs served off the shish and presented underneath a tortilla.  do you wrap them up like a burrito or was the tortilla on the plate to maintain the delicious, incredibly juicy, flavor-able nature of the meal?  had the language barrier not been present we could have resolved this confusion (and enhanced our jeopardy score).  yes, we had an outstanding meal, but we were honestly looking for a cultural experience.  the educational element was left unsatiated.  
we experienced similar animosity as other yelpers when requesting a cab to be called.  they gave us a hard time claiming it would take longer than 45m but then refused to let us hail one from the street.  
basically divan is great food and since they have take out and delivery, i'd suggest future experiences utilize that.  if you insist on trying it out for yourself, DRIVE,  and use opentable to book the reservation.  may as well get some points out of the arrangement!Nope. Nope. Nope.
Divan drives me crazy.  I have been a few times and the food is good, but the customer service is devastating.  Also, I'm not clear if they are byo or not because they keep changing there status AND there is a corking fee.  The charge 10% more if you pat by credit card.  I'm not even sure that's legal.
The deal breaker, however, came a few weeks ago when I went on a Saturday night for dinner with my boyfriend.  We walked in around 8:20 and the restaurant was pretty empty.  I took cash out of there atm (see credit card penalties above) and my boyfriend came to inform me we couldn't be seated with out reservations.  I turn to the host who confirmed the bad news.  Reader, I tell you: 1. the place was empty.  There were 3 tables occupied.  2. It was 8:20.  This isn't Europe... most American's don't eat that late. Who did they think was coming in at 8:30 and later? 3. There was 1 reserved sign on a table of 6.  As far as I could tell, there were about 9 empty tables.  I was absolutely disgusted and will not be returning.
For delicious Turkish with customer service, try S&H Kabob house.  It's delicious and open until 3 am on weekends.  Win/win.The one thing I truly hate about this place, and it is one of those all-engrossing hatreds that probably blinds me to the charm of this place, is that for six months they dropped dozens of leaflets at my house every week. How many times do I need to be reminded? Do they think I have amnesia and need to be told every freaking day that they are located nearby?
Sigh. Outside of that major faux-pas, the place it okay. I  still deducted a point for spamming me.  Service is a bit hit-or-miss, mostly miss. However this is not one of the places you go for immaculate service. It's  inexpensive and the drinks are very cheap. 
The food? It's reasonably good Turkish food, one of the cuisines that is really missing in Philadelphia. This isn't particularly authentic, but it is delicious. I would highly recommend the lunch here, which is very sizable and very inexpensive. You can expect to spend about $25 including tip for two people at lunch.We booked a last-minute reservation on OpenTable a few weeks ago on a Saturday night, grabbed a bottle of wine, and were out the door.
Divan has a cozy atmosphere, and we received pretty good service.  It was quick and everything was brought out correctly.  I was a little confused that they were a BYOB yet still had alcoholic beverages available, but apparently they do both.  Their drink prices are ridiculously low, so if you're going and will just be having one drink, it makes more sense to order one - they charge a $10 corking fee for your own bottle of wine.  You can order a glass for $3.75.  
We tried a few of the appetizers and everyone had a different entree.  No one was disappointed.  The food was good, hot, and delivered as promised.  
I do agree with some of the reviewers on here that the credit card fee is a bit odd.  Our waiter did warn us as we handed over the credit card that there would be a 10% fee charged.  He directed us to the ATM to pay cash so we wouldn't be charged.  Definitely plan on paying in cash to save on that fee.I came here on a Friday night around 9pm without reservations. Even though the place wasn't even close to full, the host seemed confused as to what to do with us. He must have been new because he asked another server, who replied "It's almost 9pm, anywhere, it doesn't matter". But I do appreciated the host setting up a better spot for us, rather than seating us at an already set table really close to another party. 
For our appetizers, we got the zucchini pancake and calamari. The calamari wasn't as good as I remembered, but the zucchini pancake was awesome. I'll be ordering that more often. I ordered the smoke eggplant with lamb for my entree. Even though my waiter suggested I take a shot at pronouncing the dish, I don't remember it. I can tell you however, that the "g" is silent. The dish was wonderful. The eggplant puree/mash had a great smokiness to it, and the lamb was game-y but it an appropriate way. Like it wouldn't have been as good if it weren't game-y. Does that make sense? My company got a lamb kabob platter with pita, vegetables and yogurt sauce. Good but not as good as my dish. 
For dessert, we shared the milk pudding. That's always a winner. Every time I come here, I wonder why I don't come here more often.What a gem. Amazing food, great atmosphere, and even if the waitresses were a bit absent when we went there, I think it was excusable as it was a slow day.I took my wife on a surprise date to the Divan Turkish Kitchen a few weeks ago.  The atmosphere was pretty good except for some screaming kids next to us (which isn't the DTK's fault).  Our waitress was very knowledgeable of the menu and made some great drink and appetizer recommendations. My wife is a big fan of iskender and loved it. I tried the Turkish dumplings an it was ok, but I tried something new. Our desserts were outstanding too. 
The DTK has a nice corner location and I'll want to try it again during the summer as it was a tad chilly, but not uncomfortable. 
No kid menu that i saw, but I wouldn't dream of taking my kids to someplace like the DTK and try to order chicken tenders. That's what Applebee's is for.  
Finally, bring cash so they don't charge you for the credit card fees. The prices on the menu are already "reduced" by 10% for cash. It isn't overly expensive there, so cash will help.Last night I shared a fantastic experience at Divan with 7 of my favorite friends. We secured a large table outside and were greeted immediately with the mellow strums of the live band. The drink special was in full effect -- $3 for anything on the menu -- including Turkish cosmos, mojitos, wine (Barefoot), and bottled beer (Victory among others). Per the owner the drink special will continue through the summer at a price of $3.75 -- can't beat that! The drinks were flowing all night; our waitress brought over multiple free cocktails and offered a round on the house at the end of the night. In terms of food, my entree, the chicken kabob, was perfect with a large portion of tender chicken and rice and an appealing plated presentation. Everyone in the group enjoyed their orders, from the dumplings to the falafel. The owner came to meet us at the end of the night to ensure that the meal and service satisfied us completely. Total bill for the group -- $195. Great night!One of my overall favorites for a dinner in Philly. Occupies a unique niche in terms of cuisine and also a unique location in the city worth checking out. It gets a bit rough as you walk towards Washington, so don't. I think I like everything I ever had there, especially the dumplings, lamb and baklava. I think the waitstaff are spectacular and its a great place to go with a small group of friends as well.I'm always a fan of mediterranean/middle eastern food so was happy to try out Divan with some friends (despite, the horrendously cringeworthy tv ads!)
The restaurant was nicely busy for a Friday evening and the atmosphere and decor took me back to previous holidays in Turkey.  The drinks prices were great so happy to get a round of cocktails which were delicious.
Our group shared a variety of appetizers, all of which were great but this is wear the experience started to go downhill for me.  Part of our selection was hummus, and another dip.  They arrived along with other apps and we waited, and waited for customary bread to arrive.  After all staring at these bowls of dip for ages, we asked out server about it, to which she replied......"they don't come with bread".  WTF!!!  I have never heard of dips being served without an accompaniment of some sort.  If when we ordered, the server had made us aware of this fact or it stated on the menu, we would have happily ordered it so this was really annoying.  We got an order of pita but by this time it was well after the other apps had arrived and been eaten.  We found this was not enough bread for our group so ordered another portion and waited for this to arrive with half our dips uneaten.  At this time, out main courses were arriving and the servers kept trying to take away out started plates to which we kept saying we wanted to keep them as we were expecting more bread to enjoy our dips.  The server later said that our bread would  not be coming as the bread oven is now too busy......FAIL!!
I think if I was more of a meat eater, I could have enjoyed my dinner at Divan.  There are only a few vegetarian options and unfortunately I didn't like mine.  I got the spinach dumplings which sounded really interesting from the menu.  The dumplings themselves were ok but they were covered in an cold yoghurt sauce and a lot of this strange tasting orange oil.  I kept trying to eat around the oil as I really didn't like it.   The dish that arrived was very different to what I had imagined from the menu description.  
Perhaps I just ordered badly but I wouldn't be in a rush to return.  Probably would just stop for a drink and appetizers if I happened to be in the neighbourhood.some harsh reviews!!
the chicken kebob is damn good.. especially with the rice pilaf and the taziki style white sauce.. the prices may be a tad expensive but its better than eating a cheese steak..  the atmosphere is very nice and cozy.. the neighborhood is meh.. not much around but I guess eat and go hang out somewhere else..I went here a few months ago. Its in the Graduate Hospital neighborhood and only about 2 blocks south you cross into Washington Ave into some sketchy place. 
The service was good, the place was cozy on the inside, but Turkish food just isn't my thing.  It was nice to try once, plus they gave me a much needed magnet.i love this place.  the food is always consistently good.  They are great for their donar kebabs and their veggie combo is fantastic.  The wine list is decent and often the glasses are quite cheap.  Try the Turkish wine.  The service is a little slow and sometimes you wait for a while for the check, but at least they are not trying to rush you out.  Relaxing evening with good food, nice folks and a great atmosphere!  One of my Philly favorites.The food is top-notch and very consistent. If you took a photo of your plate one night and again on another night they would look and taste exactly the same. They are using a milder pepper for garnish than previously. You can BYO any night, but Fri/Sat/Sun there is a $10/bottle corkage which I think is too steep especially when their wine list is pretty slim. So I just go Mon-Thur.I just wasn't that impressed. Maybe it was the way they briskly asked if we had reservations (it was for 2, no we didnt but it was 6pm & the place was nearly empty) or how they sat us alone in the adjacent dining space near the door instead of the main dining room. Maybe it is the fact they list two prices on their menu, one for "cash" & one for "credit card" purchases... just seems tacky.  Or when the waiter pulled a back muscle as he was reaching across our table to pour water and stood there in pain as we were trying to eat for about 20 seconds too long.  That was quite awkward.  All that could have been dealt with if the food was great, but unfortunately, the food was just OK.  $4 glasses of house wine and the "bottom of the pot" dessert helped make the experience fun and the turkish cigar app was "ok" but I was underwhelmed with my spinach dumplings.  (For what it's worth, supposedly the meat ones were better.)As I gingerly cut through my helping of not 2, but 4 balls, I thought, what better way to enjoy these little chicks than by spreading them on pita, smearing hummus all over them and tenderly biting inch by inch. I caught a little hummus drip on my lip, but waste it I couldn't - so creamy and delicious it was! The right balance and salty and spunky! 
Too soon?
Ok, seriously, the falafels came served over a base of hummus with drizzled tahini. I've been forever fond of Maoz falafels, but these puppies make the aforementioned look like the McDonald's of the Middle East.  What I hoped would be an entree felt more like an appetizer though. They forgot to bring me the promised pita bread with grilled vegetables and rice. Bastards. I'll just have to dine in next time with a hidden machete. You know.I have had two completely different experiences at Divan, but the poor outweighs the good in this case.
First Visit:  Went with my girlfriend for dinner, brought our own bottle of wine (there is a corking fee on Friday and Saturday).  The service was good, the ambience inside is nicer than you would expect from the location.  I ordered the doner kebab, and she had the vegetarian kebab, and we split the calamari.  Both dinners were served with a side of rice, yogurt sauce, warm pitas, veggies and both were awesome, and the calamari was ok too.  Overall, I was a big fan, a good size tasty meal that was inexpensive (they give a decent discount for paying with cash).
I had been telling my friends about how good Divan was, and how we need to go there, so on one of the first warm days we had this spring, we got some booze, and went to Divan.
Second Visit:  The complete opposite of my first visit.  We had the same server as my previous visit, and sat outside, after starring at our unopened wine for a bit the server brought us water and glasses.  Then it took about 20 mins for him to get our order.  
The three of us split the hot appetizer plate and an order of artichokes.  After another 15 mins the apps came, the artichokes were good, but only one or two items on the app plate were very good (not our taste I guess, most tasted like earthy burnt meat).  
I ordered the iskander kebab (which was the doner kebab topped with yogurt and tomato sauce) and was not a fan of it at all.  The tomato sauce overpowered everything and tasted like eating a can of half warm crushed tomatoes on a plate with some mixed in meat chunks and served over a pita, which it made into a soggy mess.
The couple I was with split the mixed grill platter, which had some ok items, but it was just a plate of meat served with two small pitas (they apparently forgot the rice, veggies, and yogurt. 
After we finished our apps, we waited about another 15 mins before our entrees came, when we noticed that nothing really came with the mixed grill plate like it should have.  We wanted to ask our server for the missing items, but didn't see him for about another 20 mins, by which time we had finished eating what was edible of our meals.  At this point we have been there for over an hour and a half, and started to get antsy, when we finally got the server, and got our check, we had been there for well over two hours!  
The final kick in the ass was the price of the mixed appetizer plate on the bill $32 (yes $32 for an appetizer sampler).
I will give Divan another chance to redeem itself, but I am a bit jaded for the time being, I had to swallow my pride and admit to my friends that Divan did not even come close to the hype I had been giving it.I really like this place!  I completely agree its not in the best part of town and wayyy out of the way, BUT... putting that aside, the place has great authentic food at CHEAP prices. My first visit I had one of the lamb dishes that starts with an "I". I forget the the name. Serving size was huge! Also, $7 corkage fees make this place a winner if you are looking for a cheap date place. The atmosphere is what it is, and sort of tightly packed in with tables. Overall- this is a great place and I wish Philly had more places like this.Except for the marvelous and unique caramelized milk dessert which is perfect for anyone who needs just a bit of sweet to end a meal, the Turkish/Middle Eastern menu corrals the usual menu suspects with generous kebobs, lamb chops and shank and meze plates  as well as found-on-every-Philly-menu fried calamari which as with so many, is undistinguished.  Describing the service usually depends on one's perception of management and staff's attitude on any given evening rather than their functional capabilities. And this can range from aloof to borderline rude.  It's a nice looking place with decent food and not overpriced but in a neighborhood that has not quite made the leap into gentrification, it is not a restaurant that can thrive if a reputation for indifference to patrons is earned.I've had many enjoyable evenings at Divan...the food is great (I recommend the Chicken Adanna, personally), and reasonably priced (if you pay with cash) and the drinks are all $3.75. Although it would be nice if the menu would change from time to time, or if there were daily specials.
The only problem with this place is that the wait staff is an assortment of bad and inexperienced to a bit-better-than bad and semi-experienced.  They're all very nice and friendly, but lack that attentiveness and professionalism that makes one feel like they're getting good service.
It never stops me from going there though and I go a few times every month.I heard great things about this place from a friend and decided to take my friends and family here. I'm not too picky about service, or restuarants in general. I'm not sure I've ever sent a dish back or even complained about a restaurant before. However, this takes the cake as the worst dining experience I've ever had.
I made reservations for a Friday at 7:30 for 8 people. My friends was running about 10 minutes late. His wife was 7 months pregnant at the time, and he was bringing his 5 year old son. I called the restuarant to let them know we would be 10-15 minutes late. They said "no problem, see you soon."
We arrived about 10 minutes later, the 8 of us, to find the restaurant very busy. The hostess said it would be about a 45 minute wait- even though we had a reservation. I asked why they didn't tell us that when we had called 10 minutes prior, but she had no answer. I was a little embarassed at this point but we didn't have any other options so we decided to wait.
After about 15 minutes the owner found us waiting- mind you, the pregnant woman, 5 year old, and 6 others- and helped us out with a table. He moved around a bunch of the other eating couples and pushed some tables together. I thought that was nice of him. He told the hostess to wait on us, who had only worked there 2 days before and never been a server. Still, not too big of a deal.
After another 10 minutes, the hostess came over with 2 menus and a stack of plates and silverware. We handed out the plates and shared the menus while she walked off. 15 minutes later, she was back to take our drink orders. I know I probably shouldn't have ordered a mojito at a Turkish restaurant, but I was in the mood for one, and even a crappy mojito would have been fine. But this mojito was something else. I am pretty sure it was just tequila, sprite, and sour mix. No mint / lime. The other drinks were of the same quality.
Finally, we ordered, and I am pretty sure the server took down or orders correctly. I got the zuccini bread for an appetizer, and the spinach dumplings for an entree. At this point it was almost 8:30. 30 minutes later, 2 entrees and 3 appetizers come out. I had the zuccini bread which was pretty bland. It was the consistancy of pudding, was a green-brown color. There was not much flavor. I didn't finish it, even though I was pretty hungry.
When the 2 entrees came out at 9:00, we sort of assumed the other 5 were on the way. 9:15 came... we got up and asked our server what the deal was. She said it was on it's way. 9:30... all food on the table was cold. Finally at 9:45 the owner asked us what we ordered- they weren't even making the food. I told him what I ordered (the spinach dumplings.)  
At this point the 5 year old was asleep, it was dark out, we had been there 2 hours with no entrees, and I was getting glares from an angry pregnant woman. 10 minutes later, he returned. He hands me a random entree, that I guess he took from another tables order. I am not sure what the entree was, but he kept telling me to just eat it. I told him to come back with spinach dumplings. 
Finally, at 10:15, the dumplings arrived. They were really awful. I couldn't even eat them. The dumplings themselves were okay, but they were coated in a sour milk sauce. I am not sure why it was sour, but it was inedible. I would have sent it back, but everyone just wanted to leave, including me.
The owner gave us a free dessert for waiting so long- no money off the bill however. I grabbed 2 slices of pizza on the way home from Omega. What an embarassing night. Never again!!!!I've heard that the owners of Divan have recently opened up a new cafe, which brings the grand total of Turkish restaurants in Philadelphia to 3. Sadly, I have yet to find one that really pleases the tastebuds.
The service at Divan for a late Saturday night supper was fine, attentive. Because of small appetites, we forewent the usual Turkish assortment of meze for just one appetizer - the Cigara Borek, or cilinders of philo dough rolled around a feta/parsley filling and then fried til crisp. The borek were thin and pencil like - short on filling. I noticed this to be the case at that other Turkish restaurant - Konak - as well. Quite odd, considering that the real joy of cigara borek is biting into the warm feta + parsley mix against the crisp texture of the oily philo shell. Too much philo and not enough feta is a disappointing proportion.
For the entree, I had Adana Kebab, a classic Turkish dish. Although more flavorful and visually pleasing than Konak's rendition, this one, too, fell short of real satisfaction. Adana Kebab consists of ground lamb laden with earthy flavours of garlic, onion, and herbs. Though often served with grilled peppers, onions, and tomatoes and a bed of rice, these extras are merely accompaniments to the well-flavored Adana. At Divan, the Adana was mild and uninteresting - not only in terms of spice but in effect. I found myself reaching for the onions and the peppers to enhance the kebab out of necessity, not pleasure.
We skipped dessert. Although I only tried two dishes, my interest in returning to Divan is nil. Any good Turkish restaurant heavy on the classics should be able to prepare wonderful cigara borek and Adana. I don't have much confidence for the other entrees.I didn't think it was the best.  I went w/ a buddy and got Hummus, Turkish Falafel, and Calamari as appetizers.  I thought the hummus and falafel was very tasty and the calamari was good but it was rather bland, the squeeze of lemon on top was the only taste and it was a bit more chewy than one enjoys.  
For dinner we split the Mixed-grilled platter and it was tasty but it was a bunch of meat, wish they had something the couple the meatyness. Overall it was a decent meal but i have certainly had better turkish food, but this is a decent spot and if you are looking for that Turkish fix, go here.  
Atmosphere is very date like and semi-romantic.  Service was fine, make sure you bring cash because if you need to use a card they will charge you 5-10% of the bill.