This place is mediocre at best.  Very limited selection of cocktails and the food, which was served on prison trays, was just okay.  I will not be returning.The place just opened, they have to refine a bunch of things. VERY welcome in the neighborhood so I am hoping they succeed. I give it an "almost". The servers almost know how to smile, the menu is almost interesting, the concept is almost cool. The good beer balances the "eh" food, because the beer was really good but the food was "eh". I have no problem with the barebones cafeteria style concept (paper products, mess hall seats) but somehow the whole thing seemed a bit disjointed. STILL it was ALMOST cool. They just opened their doors. So I am hopeful. They seem to be well established in other areas + have really good beer. I like that you can buy shorty's in order to sample 2-3 at once.I have to start out by saying we are SUPER EXCITED to have this great addition to the neighborhood. Welcome, and we hope you become a permanent fixture as Point Breeze continues to improve. Thanks for taking a chance and picking this location. We needed you and we love that you are here. 
PROs:
Venue is terrific. Love the aesthetic, very welcoming and unique. Beer was excellent. The barracuda was superb. We came at the tail of happy hour and it looked like every stroller and child in this zip code was in attendance. The family scene cleared out by about 8:30 (note to self to arrive later) but I appreciated the nice mixed crowd. It was a fun, relaxed but slightly upscale vibe. The custom bar & tables are gorgeous. 
I love the fact that the hours are so extended and I'm excited to stop in during the week for coffee and a pastry and a change of scenery from my home office. Staff was very friendly. Loved the wall art. 
CONs:
Only one gripe but it's a big one. The menu is a total bummer if you don't like Mediterranean food (which we don't). Where is the pizza??!!!!! There are zero "typical" food choices. Not a one. We were really looking forward to a place to walk to after work for dinner and a few beers but unfortunately this will not be the place. I hope the owners add more broad menu options moving forward. Until then we will eat elsewhere and stop in for a beer
Update- I've been back again and am  tempted to reduce the stars from my first review but I really hope the owners make the changes reflected in all these reviews. Four stars remain simply for the beer and the location and the improvement to the neighborhood. 
The menu as is simply makes NO sense for a beer hall. Please PLEASE take the advice of your customers and put some bar food on the menu. The shared table thing is weird and I'm not a fan, but I would be more likely to come back if I could have some pizza with my Dock Street Beer.I'll start with the positives. Great beer. Great place to bring your young kids (if its early). Nice open space. Great for the neighborhood. I am excited to have it there. I think the coffee bar will do really well when it opens. Hopefully they have good bagels (something philly is lacking)
Negatives. More than disappointing with the food. The chicken had a nice flavor but was dry. The whipped ricotta was a bland dish with bad pita. The croque monsieur was pretty terrible. It was a cold ham sandwich. I think they melted the top piece of cheese on it at least 30 minutes before It hit my table. the cheese in the sandwich was luke warm (not metled at all) with cold deli ham.
It seems like the branch of Dock st is struggling to find an identity. They should def have the pizza from their other location. The menu is odd. It could be good if it was executed well, but it isnt. I think the menu needs to be completely re thought. Make it family friendly with some interesting choices, but full on bad mediteranian is a poor choice. 
I want this place to do well and I am sure it will regardless because its a nice place to drink beer. Change the food and it will be next level.
Update: went back a second time and the food was worse. Potatoes that were once crispy were soggy. Lamb pita was dry without much flavor. Chicken salad sandwich had very little chicken. They should have just duplicated the west philly location menu. Huge mistake.normally my dock street beer would be accompanied by a few slices of some of the best pizza in philly. BUT as you'll see in this photo, that is NOT the case. next time, im going to dock street west phillyDespite the bad food we will  probably come back. This place has a great atmosphere. A really cool building and comfortable space to hang. The beer is alright and wait staff is great. They said the food options for lunch were limited. Everything our table of 6 people recieved seemed like food that was left over from the day before.Great addition to the neighborhood. Great beer, food good. Not a long wait. Looking forward to checking out the coffeehouse.Came here on a Sunday night with some friends for light snacks and beverages. The outside of the building is a nicely refined and renovated establishment on Washington ave. The space inside seemed like combination of a food hall and cafe with rustokorish decor. A very nice continuous bar was present ran from the coffee to food. Service was nice and prompt. Beer is usually solid but not in my top 5 breweries in the city given the lack of punch in their styles. What was truly disappointing was their food. Granted, we did not order entrees but the apps/snacks were over priced for lowly presented and sans passionate foods. The whipped ricotta with fruit and veggies was the only stand alone app/snack that could be sold by itself. The charcuterie, cheese plate, and bread and spread ($26 total) really should have been one plate. If you are going to try and present these as small bite options at least put some passion and flavor into the dish. 2 pieces of 4x4 inch manchego cheese with 5 slices of bread for the cheese plate? I will pay 15-20 dollars for a good charcuterie board, but don't half it when offering these dishes. 
Overall, I will be back to try coffee and utilize the space in the mornings for work. I hope their food improves because I am not sure what they want to be right now. If you want to keep it as a beer and coffee hall, utilize food for other guest fooderies and trucks in the area and focus on atmosphere. Again, what I know. Just a perspective from an outsider.As expected: amazing beer! Rye IPA is, arguably, one of the best craft beers in the city. The space and decor was also nice. The food, however, was a total disappointment. Our party shared six dishes. All were mediocre--the dishes were all under-seasoned. A great brewery like Dock Street deserves better food to accompany its stellar brews. 
I'm hopeful, nevertheless, since its the first kitchen's first week. It may take them a bit to work out the kinks and elevate the offerings. Fingers crossed!Great place to get some local beers or yummy cocktails with friends. Menu recently updated so I haven't had everything but I really liked the croque monsieur and the Kentucky beer cheese. Also had a great cappuccino there.
They have board games and weeknight events, so it's a fun place to be. My friends and I go about once a week.An interesting and useful place with a few quirks. First the bad. The bar is uneven and uncomfortable to eat at, it is rusticated and attractive but not comfortable. The menu is extremely small. A chicken wing special I had was disgusting (I ate it anyway), not what you would expect, baked wings in a cream sauce, really a bad idea. I asked for utensils and my server bartender gave me a nearly useless plastic fork and knife. I found this odd, especially since when I ordered rotisserie chicken afterwards I was given a proper steak knife and fork!
Other quirks: they insist on a credit card to start a tab (I admit I dislike this) and my card was immediately charged $20. I objected and the manager seemed to think I was weird for not having seen this before (the charge not the demand for my credit card). I complained about having ordered ten chicken wings, my bad it was actually ten dollars not ten wings. The bartender seemed defensive about it. Ok. Meanwhile you can be sure they aggressively asked me if I wanted another drink (the Old Fashioned I ordered was fine). I wasn't feeling warmth instead I felt like this was a match me versus the restaurant and they were winning two-zero. Parking was really bad, not what I expected in this part of Point Breeze. I wanted to try the chili, one of the more appetizing things on their small menu, they were out of it though I was early in the evening.
Now, the good. The resto is a large space and wasn't too chilly which is pretty good for that outside temp (the twenties). There are multiple large TVs and the staff turned on the Democratic debate at someone's request, this is very unusual for bars in Center City and truthfully I appreciate it. Not everyone has to watch sports when they drink. And it doesn't have to be Fox either! Rotisserie chicken was fine. Prices are fine. Crowd was fine.
Now all they need is the Friends vibe to bring me back.Have no idea when this showed up here, but I love the West Philly Dock Street and was really excited when this popped up. And this place is busy! I personally kind of hate communal seating at bars, which there's a lot of here, but we didn't have much trouble finding bar seats after a few minutes. Beer is great, as with the other location. My only complaint is that the food and service was a little lackluster, and I missed the pizza choices (and cozy grunginess) available in the WP location. Hope they add an oven and make the space a little more comfy - it feels a bit IKEA at the moment.Cool and off-the-beaten-path brewery that's good some food and cocktails as well.  I had a 76 Lemon something cocktail that was good (on the sweeter side). I really wanted the Elderflower Gin & Tonic but they were out of elderflower.  The inside is spacious and was hopping on a Sunday afternoon, but open enough for our group to grab a table.  Played jenga and chilled with some drinks.  All in all a good time but I'm not sure I'll go out of my way to go back.  Not in the most convenient area for me.Beer is amazing.
Food is awful. The one thing we need in this neighborhood is good pizza. Please change your food menu to pizza like your west philly location.Dock street south is a great spot. I'm so happy they added pizza - which is amazing btw. Cocktails are on point too. The staff is lovely and it's a great addition to the neighborhood.  My fam is quickly becoming regulars. 
The negative reviews are clearly Karen's who are salty that this restaurant takes COVID seriously (looking at you Kait).  What a disgusting thing to complain about when restaurants are already struggling.I am speechless. This space is amazing and the ambiance is even better. I was so excited about this addition to Point Breeze, and equally deflated upon my first (and likely last) visit. 
The menu is absurdly paltry.  I've heard Dock Street is famous for their pizza, yet, they don't offer it here. Don't worry though, you can get a ham & cheese sandwich!  The menu selections are so remedial I don't know why anyone would come here to eat. That said, maybe this is just a bar with some snacks?  If so, you get what you came for. 
The music they play is something I would expect to hear in a sleepy 80's drama, or on an elevator in a centuries old building. 
Terribly disappointed. If they upgrade their menu, perhaps they'll have a chance of surviving. Otherwise, it will remain sparsely populated, and everyone's last resort in a booming, up and coming neighborhood. 
If you want great food and booze, go to Chicks.Beers here are delicious! My favorite is the pathological liar for regular drinking beers, and I found that the barracuda and fera bestia are nice IPA/sour mixes that make a great dessertHave come here for to work during the day as a coffeeshop a  few times. Beautiful space (darker, rustic interior with lots of windows; separate room with lighter interior design around the corner) and friendly staff; the WiFi has improved over time and workes with my laptop which can be finnicky, however the food offerings could be better. The venue is rotating items to hopefully improve this over time. (Pizza please!!?)What Point Breeze needed a good brewery!
Had the King Juice on-tap, which was great. To eat, I had the rotisserie chicken and broccoli rabe. Chicken was a lil on the basic side but the broccoli rabe was phenomenal. I'm sure this will become the local watering hole and a local fave. 
Will be interesting to see if it will bring people from other neighborhoods.Great new addition to the neighborhood.  The atmosphere is great and kid friendly.  However, the food was such a disappointment. I ordered the chicken sandwich and potato wedges and received half a sandwich and 4 potato slices. It's evident Dock Street it trying to be something it isn't. Where is the pizza? Add French fries and a burger to the menu. Know your neighborhood. Will be back for drinks because it's so close to my house, but definitely won't eat here again.Well someone wants more "punch" in their "styles," whatever that means. And they say the food is overpriced. I'll say this: Not my issues. 
My issues with the new location are: 
1. I like Dock Street's original location because it didn't feel like it was a trying to be anything different than what I know DS to be, and had an original Philly vibe like so many other classic joints. Dock Street South feels like it's trying to be Martha, in music and decor. I wish it had the same vibe as the original location.
2. For once in my life, I want a place to not be so damn kid friendly. I'm tired of rubbing elbows with strollers and families at happy hours and hearing your offspring squeal after work. I am convinced the entire vibe of this place (see #1) is contributing to this issue. Go to the original location and you'll run into 1/5 the kids, in my experience. (You can test my theory at Martha.)
3. A TV? Really? I'm pretty sure they don't even want people standing/sitting/loitering at the bar since they remove the high chairs in the afternoon, but what the hell is up with the TV hanging right ahead of the bar? It's a brewery, not a sports bar. If I want yet another glowing screen in my face, I'll go to one of the hundred places that already exist in the city for that. (Sidebar: There may be a TV somewhere in the original location but certainly not in such a prominent location and definitely as a focus. The decor is noticeably more CB2 and less West Philly Hole-in-the-wall; the TV seems to be quite the sore thumb.)
Anyway look -- the beer is good. Maybe they'll replicate the pizza success of the original location; that would be great. Dock Street is the original Philadelphia craft brewing icon. It's not in a rush be Yards or anything and I'm good with that. The above points are to be taken with a grain of salt, especially because it is a new location. 
And, I recommend Evil Genius if you want "punch." If you want good beer, either DS location will suit.Great food, great beer, and the new space has great vibes! Longtime fan of the West Philly location and South doesn't disappoint. Buffalo chicken mac and cheese was so goodLike most people in Graduate Hospital I was anxiously awaiting Dock Street South.  Any restaurant is a welcomed site in a neighborhood so desperately in need of them.   
This place has potential.  I don't usually write reviews but I want this place to succeed and I am hoping a few reviews will spark some change for the better.
The place is interesting.  It's a mix between a coffee house and a beer hall/brew house.  It reminded more of La Colombe in Fishtown then a beer hall.
Beer was solid as always but the food leaves a lot to be desired.  They serve beer, so they should give us food that pairs better with beer.  Bring the Pizza over from West Philly or serve some bar food.  You can put your spin on it but the food now doesn't make sense to me. My wife is vegetarian/pescetarian.  She got the  lox sandwich as the only other option was a veggie sandwich.  It would have been a great option for a brunch but it was night time and we were out with friends drinking beer. 
They also mixed a vegetarian dish and meat dish and served it on the same tray.  They need to be more cognizant in the future.
Also, on a side note and not only related to Dock Street-- the whole middle eastern food is being over played a bit.  2 years ago no one knew what zatar and tahina was now they serve it on everything.  
Stick to what you guys do best.  Beer with food that pairs well with it, Pizza.  
Furthermore, the pastry/Coffee thing was expensive.  8.50 for a coffee and a danish.  Woof.  
Lastly, we are in an area surrounded by health care workers, many of whom are doing over night shifts.  You should start selling beer at 7 AM, just an idea!Way better than the construction supply warehouse that was here before.
Better beer, better food, the other place did have more sheetrock though.Got the chicken sandwich. It tasted good. Had the shits the next morning. Bartender wasn't very attentive; the bar wasn't crowded (maybe 5 people) or I would contribute it to her being busy. Cool building, nice decor.For this Point Breeze resident who just had a baby, this place is a savior. My wife come here every week for a few hours to decompress. We are so grateful for this spot. This is a very cool, very spacious, kid-friendly, brewery restaurant with an open, light and very uplifting atmosphere. I really like the vibes here, and the staff is super cool. I really like the feel of the cafe/brewery mix. The beer hall style tables are great for big groups, or to mingle with the local community. Every time I come here, there are several large groups hanging out. One time there was an engagement party, which I think is ideal for venue. There was a sizable engagement party and still plenty of space for public patrons. 
The food menu is probably not what most people would expect from a brewery. It's modern mediterranean, with items you'd expect to find at a winery, like cheese, charcuterie and hummus. But the food is actually pretty good. The mac and cheese side and potato wedge side are $4 each and delicious. They are also well portioned. I haven't tried the roasted chicken, but it looks good. They may not have a burger or fries, but I think the menu still has something for everyone. I don't mind a place that tries something different if it works. Here, I think it does. 
That being said, I think a good burger and/or pizza would be great, well-received additions to the menu. Obviously, french fries and fried chicken would be super popular, but it seems they are trying to avoid having a deep fryer. 
There's live music on Fridays too. This place is a perfect spot for brunch, Happy Hour or even casual dinner. The beers are pretty darn good too. I loved their Gone West DIPA. I hope that comes back. The Best Boy Pale Ale and Know The Vibes IPA are my next favorites. The Docktoberfest is pretty good also.  
I think Philly law prohibits serving alcohol until 9 am, but they should start offering beer and alcohol from that point to accommodate the hospital employees after night shift. They have sparking wines for mimosas. Just a suggestion.Super excited to finally have a brewery in the neighborhood. As expected  great beer (of course!), great venue, the staff was very nice, but unfortunately the food was mediocre at best. Bland and unseasoned for the most part, and the chicken salad sandwich was dry and had barely anything inside. A real disappointment. 
Given it was the first week, fingers crossed for better quality and variety to come in the future, but for now will stick to the beer and maybe check out the coffee shop.Dock Street is Philly's first micro beer from many decades ago and is a well known brand in the area.  Named after the waterfront street where William Penn landed in 1682, it def has Philly cred.  It has a super brew pub and canned beer garage on the edge of University City in Philadelphia and last year it opened a branch in a gentrifying area of South Philly.  The new branch called Dock Street South is a decent space with a variety of seating possibilities including nice long wooden tables but it lacks the bustle and charm of Dock Street's University City location.  Also the food offerings aren't as varied or good.  But it is aiming for really being just a neighborhood café during the day and then reverting to the brew pub in the evenings.  
The beer I ordered is one I am familiar with as it is a Bohemian Pilsener made with genuine Czech Saaz hops.  It's very good.  I ordered a Parisian barbeque chicken and green salad for lunch.  This was ok but nothing to rave about.  Service was friendly and the atmosphere chill and I could def see returning if I were in the neighborhood ... but if I have a choice I will go to the Dock Street Brew Pub in University City.Had the pleasure of meeting the owner Rose, and this truly heightened my experience. All of the staff was hospitable and service was timely. I only went for drinks, but my table was able to taste four of their craft beers and a few cocktails based off of the owners recommendation. Really happy with my experience  and happy that Doc Street South has remained open through the pandemic.I absolutely love this space!!! They did an excellent job at taking this old warehouse and turning it into a chic, minimalist modern yet warm, welcoming spot. Getting some reading done here was quite a pleasure!! 
There's many different seating areas...along the live edge bar, at the communal tables, over by the plush mixed match velvet chairs, or even in the more secluded back room with industrial ceilings and views of the vats!! 
I loved the artwork, chic bar back and mid-century modern stools. I love how eclectic the space is also! They do have TVs for game watching and during the weekday it was quiet enough for a good study sesh! 
The bartenders were very friendly, knowledgeable of their offerings and attentive. 
I had a cold brew that was honestly just ok, but I'm super picky. I also had the most INSANE broccoli rapi (much like a broccolini) as a side for just $4. It could have easily been a side dish at a fancy Italian restaurant. I've been dreaming about it since!! 
They always have a rotating list of a dozen brews. I'm a big fan of their blonde and appreciate the option for a tasting. They also sell growlers and more to-go options, as well as swag! 
I can't wait to return for another go, perhaps during a game. I can't imagine with the large space, it gets crowded here. I will also without a doubt be indulging in that broccoli again and look forward to tasting their other bites that's sounded awesome! If they're half as good as that broccoli, I'll be one happy gal. 
Happy to have another brewery this side of Passyunk!Really big space that's great for groups and people with kids to come and hang out for a while. I love that it's also a coffee shop during the day (until 3pm) and the pastries are amazing!
Good beer selection and I tried one of the cocktails and really liked it. The food is pretty so-so. Nothing bad, but everything we've tried so far could be better. They say it's Mediterranean, but I feel like it's a pretty loose overarching theme.
They just opened a few months ago. Worth a visit!Fantastic brewery! Great craft beers and IPAs, and all their food is yummy. I LOVED the Jamaican jerk chicken (juicy, flavorful, perfect). We sat outdoors because of covid and it was good vibes.5 stars! This is exactly what Washington Ave needed! I have the best time everytime I go here. The beers are good and the servers are great also.  Perfect for large groups b/c the space is so large. I have a baby and it's also perfect for my husband and I to bring him when we want a quick drink in the neighborhood. So happy this place opened up!Dock Street makes me so happy. The outdoor dining set up is great. We have now had several of their pizzas, and they've been among my favorite in the city. The Flammenkuche with bacon and carmelized onions was perfection. Even the classic cheese and pepperoni is delicious. The IPAs are always solid - Golden IPA is among my favorites (alongside King Juice, though you have to be careful with this one - very high alcohol content!) looking forward to returning again and again!Great local beers. Not so great food menu. The menu at their west philly location features some awesome pizza. Sadly the pizza did not make it down to south philly. They have very limited options food wise other than charcuterie and cheese and bread plates. I think they went a little too outside the box in the food department and should have kept it simpler. I'd definitely go back for the beer but I'd find someplace else to get a meal.Great tunes outside, my fave burger in the city at the moment, we love the pizza and the winter haze is a top choice in our house!We went to Dock Street South today for lunch.  Here are some things to know: (1) You order food and beer at the bar.  If you order food, they give you a number that goes on a card holder, and they deliver it to you. (2) There are no "assigned" seats.  You sit wherever you can, so expect to share a table with others.  (3) The ceilings are high, but there is not a lot of sound-proofing.  I would not suggest this place for a romantic event, even though a tent card on the table stated they host private events, including engagements.
We really liked our beer.  We both had the Man Full of Trouble, which was a porter.  We both ordered the pulled chicken sandwich.  I thought it needed more sauce; my husband agreed.  The only way we would order it again is if we asked for extra sauce on the side.  With a sandwich you get your choice of potatoes or a salad.  We both opted for the salad.  As a nice surprise there was some fresh dill in the salad.  Having some of that dill in the sandwich would have been a nice touch (just a thought).
We were told the menu is seasonal, so we will definitely give it a try in a month or two.  BTW, since it is a local bar there were lots of very young kids (less than a year old) begin pushed into the bar, so if young kids are not your thing I would suggest not going on a weekend.I had never been here and have lived in the neighborhood for a while, so I finally tried it out this week. The seating set up is great. Indoor seating is distanced throughout the restaurant and then outdoor seating was distanced with some covered and other seats uncovered. The drink menu was good with lots of options and they also serve food till 8:30-8:45. They had lots of options and a touch-less ordering system. We got a pizza and it was fine. It's a cute place and I think I'll return but next time just for the atmosphere, great service and drinks.Would not recommend as a coffeeshop or for food. Can't speak for the beer.
Came here for to work during the day as a coffeeshop. Great space and friendly staff but the WiFi was not working for my laptop and the food left a lot to be desired. The staff tried to reset the router twice but did not seem to care about the lack of WiFi outside of that.
Second time I came in, their sound system was not working so they had the TV on very loudly instead in the morning which was distracting. Even though I was the only customer in the space and told them it was loud, they did not try to change the volume. Also the coffee was room temperature at 8am. 
Both of these experiences left me feeling that they don't care about their customers that much. Know they are new and still figuring things out so hopefully both their tech and their service improves over time!Checked this out on the first weekend it was open. Great snacks and the place was packed! The space is beautiful and there were huge tables and many different modes of seating. We found a place at a huge shared table. My date ordered a beer and I ordered a cocktail. It seemed like the bartender had never made my cocktail before and unfortunately it wasn't the best - but maybe that's what I get for ordering a cocktail at a brewery! It was a bit loud but seemed like a good meet up place for large groups. Dock Street South is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and I will be back.This is becoming my go-to spot for good beer during COVID. I feel safe coming here for take-out beer, or having a drink outside. There are a good amount of tables, both on the sidewalks (front and side of the building) and in the street parking spots. They have smaller food items, which helps satisfy the food requirement. The risotto balls are tasty - though they do have some kick. My favorite beer is the Citrahood, followed closely by King Juice.Love it!! The atmosphere is awesome, cozy chairs or high top tables. Indoor and outdoor seating. I personally love the sour beers and the smash burger with frys was excellent. I will definitely be back and I highly recommend.Beer is great as usual. Food and service leaves something to be desired. Bar has no seating which I'm sure makes bartending difficult. 
Waited 30 for food we ordered from a counter. Not sure what they are thinking. Was hoping for something that resembled the West location but this is awful. Food was bland and put together sloppy and finished off with plastic utensils 
Looks like they are just trying to pack people in. Very Sad.
Two stars only because of the beer.First time visiting and will not be returning and neither will the 4 other people I went with. 
First, the size of the beer cup is the size of a water cup on most airlines. Not worth the money. 
Another complaint, is the restriction of 4 people per table. We were told Philadelphia made that as a Covid restriction. Okay, understandable but there was a table next to us with 6 people for the longest time. 
Best advice to other Yelpers, go somewhere else.There's nothing like fresh draft beer straight from the brewery.  Now that they have reopened in post-pandemic mode and added great food to the mix, Dock Street South is just about perfect!It has been a few months since they have opened and they still don't seem to get it. The food is still awful, inconsistent, out of place and over priced.
Based on my conversations with staff it sounds like the they can't keep management around. Very sad that this didn't become the brewery point breeze needed and wanted. 
Done waiting for Dock Street to figure out what works. 
Avoid them at all cost. Brewery ARS and 2nd District Brewing are near by and have far better options.Good beer and food. Good times! 
Beer is delicious - And the potato salad is tasty! 
Mix of seating from high top tables to velvet couches. Cool ambiance.I lived within 2 blocks of the original dock street in west philly for about 4 years and went there all the time. I moved to south philly about 8 months ago, so when I learned of Dock Street Sputh I was super excited. Unfortunately, my experience there opening weekend did not live up to my excitement.
The only thing at this place that kept anything good from the original dock street is the beer. The menu was... odd considering they mainly serve beer. The food was ok, but not for what it cost. It was also very at odds with atmosphere to have it served on disposable plates with plastic silverware.
Was not a fan of a single POS for food. It took a while to order, and one of the orders placed in front of me was for a group of 6 and it took the woman ordering a while to remember what everyone in her group wanted and ordering it correctly. It would have helped if some of her party could have come up with her, but I am sure they were busy guarding the free seating they probably acquired somewhere.  Additionally, it felt really weird being asked to pay for the meal in advance and tip Fitbit, when you had no idea how it would be, what the service would be like, or who the tips go to. Not a fan.
Also not a fan of having to open up a separate tab at the bar. There is no seating at the bar, probably to try and make it easier to order beer. The place was packed, however, so people were standing and drinking there anyway.
To be fair, we were essentially expecting Dock Street West at this place and got something entirely different. West philly Dock Street is my favorite pizza of that type in the city. I don't think I'll be returning to Dock Street South without some significant changes, I'd rather just go the extra mile or two to the original location.Finest pours in the city since 1985. Love the Man Full of Trouble, Bohemian Pilsner and Rye IPA especially. This place RULES!This place is awesome- the vibe of the place is industrial and really charming. The beer was fantastic and the guys working were really knowledgeable and fun to talk to. The food was pretty decent-just had some quick bites. 
I think theyre still working out some kinks how to make the place up and running to its full potential (the coffee bar was a little disorganized). Overall- great place and definitely will be returning!Solid beer, excellent pizza (even the one with salad on it which I NEVER bother with but just had to try and it's really tasty) and just a LOVELY TEAM. I'm always excited to go and always leave smithing.As far as breweries go, Dock Street is pretty solid and it's fantastic having it in that booming Point Breeze/Grad Hospital neighborhood (who knows what's what nowadays). It's only another spark in the current development trend of Washington Ave and hopefully Dock Street will prove to be a staple in that community going forward. 
Breweries usually pop out so many beers that it's hard for them all to be great and unique, however Dock Street does a good job, especially with the King Juice, Summer Haze, Rye along with a handful of others. Those beers taste great in the new space, which is a large hall with communal tables, high tops, and even a quieter spot off the main room. It's a great setting for one, two, or maybe even 5 IPAs. 
One thing I'd like them to change is the food. When I go to a brewery, I don't want to eat a gourmet rotisserie chicken with a side of beet hummus. Maybe they were thinking that this neighborhood, mid-gentrification with its newfound deeper pockets and trendier taste, would be interested in that? Maybe. But people love the classics. I'll take the pizza and burgers!I've been a longtime fan of Dock St.'s beer, and the food has never been any exception. Before checking out South, I thought, "how can they top their pizza?" Well, they did it again, and the space is beautiful.Great beer. Food is okay but if you are familiar with the west philly location this is an enormous letdown. Invest in the wood fired pizza setup, please. Bottom line: a great place to have a drink before dinner somewhere else.I had to pay a visit after hearing great things about the space. Though I love DS West, i was excited to learn the South location isn't simply a chain but instead it's own unique experience.
We came on a Sunday which is not usually a day I venture out but I'm really glad we did. We got to watch an awesome line up of comedians perform live (including Betty Smithsonian) and finished the night with an intense game of pool. 
Love that pink light up sign from the Cannery is also found here. Something instantly familiar. Beer was same great beer we knew. Food-wise I had the country ham and cheese - highly recommend!I love this place! I would go every night for a couple beers if I could. I love trying new beers so this is the perfect spot. I always end up buying at least a four pack on my way out. I love the art, the activities they host & the fact they have board games available to play!  It's a bonus that the food is great too.  The only thing I would recommend would be an updated speaker for Wednesday trivia - only half the bar could hear the questions the last time I was there.I am very happy this opened in the neighborhood! I have only had drinks thus far, so I cannot comment on the food. However I heard they are going to be updating their menu soon! I love that they have live music and events here. The beer is great! Pool table   Communal seating. Large open area. Tv screens. Breakfast and coffee bar.  Looking forward to trying the food. Seems pretty family friendly as well.Great place for a cold beer and some good food. Be warned though if you're looking for hard liquor this ain't it. Decent staff, wait time for food could take a bit but you get good quality food at a decent price, no complaints.Dock St West Philadelphia is way better! 
I was here during an Eagles vs Giants game. Out of the 50 people here guess how many ordered food? Maybe 10 people. Do you know why? Because the menu sucks. Bring back pizza and add wings and fries. Give the neighborhood what it needs! 
I get they are trying to differentiate from their flagship location but they are doing a terrible job at it. 
If i wanted a rotisserie chicken, I'd go to Acme.What a great addition to the Neighborhood. We stopped here on a Sunday night for dinner and to watch the End of the 4pm football games. It's a huge space with lots of great tables for groups. We came in with a stroller and two little kids and saw a few other families. The beer selection was pretty decent. We ordered a few of the small plates and enjoyed all of the food. I'm as surprised they didn't have any pizza. We will definitely be back again.Trying not to read anything to it, but I sat at the bar and had to flag people down to get anything while they voluntarily helped the people surrounding me. When my friend arrived, we still faced the same issue, having to flag down people while the people surrounding us were asked if they needed anything. Didn't feel welcoming at all. At the end, someone did come by and chatted unrelated to the order, which was slightly redeeming. 
The peachy cocktail was more acidic than anything. My friend said the citrahood is delicious.
The fries are good and generously sized.My husband and I have been super excited (like checking every day to see if it had opened excited) about this Dock Street location since we are only about 2 blocks away. Unfortunately, our excitement turned into disappointment and confusion after our first visit.
The menu is limited and just wasn't what we were expecting. We thought we'd be able to make this our Friday night pizza place and/or Sunday football watching place but we quickly realized that wouldn't be the case. Although there is a long bar, it's not a bar with stools where you can actually sit. You have to sit at a table. There are also only 2 TVs that you probably can't see that well from the tables so it's not an ideal place to hang at the bar or catch a game.
We visited around Noon on a Friday a few days after they had opened so we were surprised when my husband went to order the Lamb Pita and he was told that they were out of that item. He went with the Croque Monsieur instead with a side of potato salad. I ordered the veggie pita with the chickpea side. We asked about ordering beer but you have to go to a different register at the bar to get beer. My husband was getting beer but I wasn't drinking and I saw that there were bottles of kombucha in the refrigerator at the end of the bar in the coffee section. I asked the bartender if I could just grab the kombucha and he said yes. When I went to open the refrigerator the coffee bar attendant seemed very annoyed with me which made me feel like an ass.
This may not bother anyone else but we didn't find it to be ideal to have to check out multiple times for one meal. My husband also didn't want to keep getting up to checkout at the bar each time he wanted a beer. The whole vibe and flow feels very confused. It's Middle Eastern food... and beer... and coffee and pastries. It just doesn't feel like there is any clear identity to this space.
So we sit down and wait for our food... and wait... and wait. There were maybe 3-5 other people waiting for food at most. The place was pretty empty so waiting for about 45 minutes for 2 sandwiches was puzzling. For the long wait, we really expected something delicious to come out of the kitchen, but that was not the case. The veggie pita was not anything special and primarily just tasted like broccoli rabe and the chickpea side was bland. My husband said the ham in his sandwich was cold and overall it was just ok. He did like his potato salad.
I completely understand that there are always kinks to work out when something opens but first impressions do count for something. I'm sure we'll give it another shot since we live so close but we're likely not rushing back anytime soon. The best part of the visit was the beer. My husband tried 2 different beers and I had a sip of each and both were easy to drink.Beer is decent and they play the sound for Eagles games, which is a plus, but the sound system isn't great and the food is downright inedible (I'd go into more detail but literally everything I've tried is horrid). Do yourself a favor and grab a sandwich from Porcos next door and sneak it in, since for some reason Dock Street won't allow people to bring it in freely. Extra star because free darts and pool.I have to start out by saying we are SUPER EXCITED to have this great addition to the neighborhood. Welcome, and we hope you become a permanent fixture as Point Breeze continues to improve. Thanks for taking a chance and picking this location. We needed you and we love that you are here. 
PROs:
Venue is terrific. Love the aesthetic, very welcoming and unique. Beer was excellent. The barracuda was superb. We came at the tail of happy hour and it looked like every stroller and child in this zip code was in attendance. The family scene cleared out by about 8:30 (note to self to arrive later) but I appreciated the nice mixed crowd. It was a fun, relaxed but slightly upscale vibe. The custom bar & tables are gorgeous. 
I love the fact that the hours are so extended and I'm excited to stop in during the week for coffee and a pastry and a change of scenery from my home office. Staff was very friendly. Loved the wall art. 
CONs:
Only one gripe but it's a big one. The menu is a total bummer if you don't like Mediterranean food (which we don't). Where is the pizza??!!!!! There are zero "typical" food choices. Not a one. We were really looking forward to a place to walk to after work for dinner and a few beers but unfortunately this will not be the place. I hope the owners add more broad menu options moving forward. Until then we will eat elsewhere and stop in for a beer.I am so thrilled to have this gem right around the corner from my house. They have amazing customer service and will take their time to explain the different and new beers they have and give recommendations. The menu is small as they really focus on snacks but each item have had has been delicious. I love the Mac and cheese as well as the appetizer sampler.Had an amazing time here when my girlfriend surprised me with a brewery tour! Hands down the best brewery tour I've ever been on! Our Irish catholic tour guide Taylor was a wealth of information while also being hilarious! 10/10 would recommend!Went for Happy Hour today, left satisfied, full, and giddy with cider! 
The food, we ordered the Americana pizza ($10) for happy hour, the Spicy Sopressata pizza ($17) my friend got the "It's About that Thyme" cocktail, and I got the dry cider. The pizzas were amazing. The pizza sauce on both pizzas were savory, tart, well-seasoned, and had a balanced acidity. The pizza dough was thin, and the crust had that crispy, lightly scorched look, probably from their wood fire oven - which I loved. The meat on the sopressata was rich, and unctuous. Ugh, you just know a pizza is good when it's herbaceous without tasting like soap... and this place got it right. 
The drinks... don't come after me, I'm not a connoisseur. The cider was great but I'm lightweight so... I had to stop halfway through the glass. It had a clean light taste, dry, crisp, sweet! My friend loved her cocktail, said she would get it again!
This was my first time here... and I'll be back! It was a little confusing how their seating works - it's first come first serve. You grab any seat (either indoor or out), order at the bar, they give you a number to put at your table where servers bring out the food to you. While you're at the bar, they also give you your drink orders! Confusing at first, but in hindsight, it was actually an efficient system.Had been so excited for dock street to open and was pretty disappointed after coming for the first time. The bar has stools now so seems to be an improvement from when others wrote a review. Beer was great, of course. Food was decent but overpriced, especially to be served cardboard plates and plastic silverware. My lamb pita sandwich was actually served as an open faced sandwich and was almost impossible to eat with a plastic fork and knife. I have a hard time paying $13 for a smallish lunch that requires such hard work. My fork was disfigured by the time I was done. Trying to saw through the pita was almost a full time job and it was impossible to spear the carrots and cauliflower. Unfortunately, just not worth it.Update - 1/17: went back based on the owners recommendation to try the buffalo mac. Got the mushroom fritters too. Buffalo mac n cheese was totally devoid of buffalo flavor. Not alone here - multiple people were at the bar talking to bartenders after food arrived to question whether or not what was delivered was correct. Ultimately, after being given excuses, hot sauce was provided, which totally fixed the dish. Mushroom fritters were unsalvageable though - seemed like the batter to flavor ratio was a bit off. 
I realize saying to bring in external food in my original review was a faux pas, but my message otherwise still stands. Go for the beer, get food elsewhere.Really cool place, great locale.  It is just what point breeze needs!  We went during the early afternoon.  Great place to get work done, people watch, grab a beer or just hang with friendsWent for happy hour and ordered a drink which was great, nachos which were a poor excuse for nachos and their burger *chef's kiss*. Don't ever order the nachos because you'll get chips (in which almost all of mine were burnt) with the tiniest amount of cheese thrown in the middle, a smear of sour cream and a fistful of jalapeños which there were more of than actual chips. For a good laugh I ate the non burnt chips (luckily shielded by the cheese) and pushed it off to the side. When asked if they were good, I laughed and said "oh no they were burnt and there's nothing on them." Definitely should be removed from the happy hour menu. HOWEVER, they redeemed themselves with the burger.Dock Street South: business in the front and party in the front. It's everything!! I'm obsessed w the decor, I feel right at home. It's an awesome establishment to hang out and do work but then have friends meet you. Has AMAZING beer. The staff is always so knowledgeable about the beer, which is cool, because I know nothing and enjoy learning. I love that they have a coffee bar!! And their food has always been on point- very tasty and quality ingredients. Basically I can stay here all day and night and be a happy camper!The beer is AMAZING as usual. But the menu is a joke. Don't waste your money on any of the food here!! Hopefully they listen to some of their loyal customers who were hoping for a pizza oven on this side of the Schuylkill.We watched and waited for this brewery to open and have loved it since our first visit.  We can walk there!  Beer offering is great and being able to growler some for home is nice.  Bartenders and ownership always friendly, prompt, and attentive.  Stopped in for two growlers and had a ham and cheese sandwich which was one of the best I've ever had - and I eat lots of sandwiches.  So glad their close by and make me feel welcome on every visit.Beer is good (I had the bohemian Pilsner), but food needs an upgrade. Only the first few weeks after opening so they have a lot of time to fix the menu.
Love the large space and the fact they have a coffee bar 7 days a week. Nice quiet place to study that's not Starbucks.Great atmosphere, great beers, really great service but awful food. The kitchen needs an overhaul. Really enjoyed our time there, though which is why I am giving it a 4 stars. This place adds something to the neighborhood scene that is very welcome!I've been a fan of Dock Street forever and was ecstatic when they opened the new spot (I'm totally willing to trek to West Philly, but I'm so exited that I don't have to anymore). You will dream about their pizza in your sleep and they are the OG brewery of Philly - they're always my go-to when I have out of town guests or are traveling and need to bring a local gift to friends. And I love supporting a female owned business. 
Also to note for those of us who are Covid-cautious: they are very responsible and follow the rules/laws which makes me feel great about being able to support a business I love while being safe.
Go support them if you're able to!Came here on a Saturday night for drinks to celebrate a friend who got engaged.  The venue is really cool.  Its like a warm/cozy rustic vibe.  Its pretty far south in the city so I wasn't expecting a lot of people but there were a good amount of people in the place.  Drinks were good & not too pricey.
My only complaint was that it was SOO hot.  And if I'm complaining about it being hot then everyone else must be dying because I'm always cold.  I'm not sure if they were blasting the heat because it was cold outside, but I wish it wasnt as hot in there.  All in all, definitely a spot I will come back to!Being big fans of the OG Dock Street in West Philly, we were super excited that a location had recently opened near our home! My fiancee has been a few times, but I just visited for the first time a few weeks past. Since he likes Dock Street so much and knows of their expansive space in South Philly, he suggested I reach out to them to host a "game watch" for the University of Pittsburgh football game. The people at Dock Street were so kind and welcoming and gladly hosted our crew! While I wasn't able to make it to the first game watch, I heard such positive feedback from attendees that we decided to return to Dock Street in a following week for another game watch! The hospitality was spot on - the bartenders remembered certain members of our group, and they had a little space reserved for us prior to arrival in front of their TV. They provided us with the support we needed without overwhelming us! The space itself was quite substantial for our large group - we occupied 2 reserved tables right in front of the TV, and we also took advantage of some of the loungier chairs at the front of the space as well. Nice TV viewing seats and nice to have a reserved area for our group to chat! We really appreciated the hospitality of the Dock Street South group, and we certainly will make it back for other game watches this season and next. 
Of course, I would be remiss to not mention the food and drink. For food, my fiancee and I split the whipped ricotta as an app with our drinks. It was nicely paired with pear for the fall season and came with a few crostini and naan for dipping. The amount of ricotta was much greater than the naan / crostini provided to us, so we wound up just scooping the ricotta and eating via spoon. The ricotta was nice and tasty, decently filling, but not the *best* whipped ricotta I've ever had - it had a little more "grit" to it than expected and again, the disproportion of cheese to dippers could have been optimized. For drinks, I went with the citrahood for my first drink. I'm not a huge IPA fan, but this wasn't overly hoppy and a refreshing, drinkable beer that stands for something greater (brewed for International Women's Day in 2020). I finished with the "Man Full of Trouble" porter, which wasn't as heavy as expected which was a pleasant surprise. It was still pretty filling, but the chocolate undertones and coffee flavor were quite prominent. Both were nice drinks! My fiancee focused on their signature IPAs, which he really liked too! Our cost for the night was a bit steep, but not overly surprised for 4 drinks and an app on a Saturday. 
Overall, we really enjoy Dock Street South, and we are glad they are now in our neighborhood! We appreciate their welcomeness to our Pitt crowd, and we look forward to coming back for other games, as well as with other friends for the food and beer (would love to try more food items on their menu). Thanks, Dock Street - hope to see you again soon!Dock Street South is such a great addition to Point Breeze! The space is huge and gorgeous with lots of seating at long tables and the bar - great for big groups. Lots of TVs for games. The beer selection is obviously amazing! We usually get a few cans to go on our way out. They also have a great mezcal cocktail on the menu!
I've been a customer of the OG Dock Street for years and was expecting South to also have pizzas, but I like the route they went here with a more BBQ/comfort food vibe. 4/5 stars - the beer and atmosphere are great but I was left wanting a little more with the food. Like most new places that usually gets better with time. Definitely recommend checking it out!!