Great pizza + great beer= Fantastic local Brewpub! 
The salads are great, and the pizza is inspired and tasty.  They even have a vegan pizza (with pesto, veggies, and tofu) that my Vegan friends love, so we can all enjoy a dinner out.  That's saying something!By far the best pizza I have had in Philly, and this is said after living/studying/working in Italy on multiple occasions over a number of years.  High quality ingredients consistently prepared to perfection.  I am also not a big beer drinking, but almost always take advantage of sharing a beer flight with a friend during the meal.  Perhaps my only complaint is that they are not located in CC, though that might be better for my waistline. Either way, looking forward to going back for sure.I would consider this to be one of the best local bars/restaurants in town.  I think they have quick service and really good pizza.  I am planning on visiting again soon.Where to begin. Lousy service. The beer is not good at all. The employees act like beer snobs. Was seriously not impressed at all. First and last time I will ever go there again.Dock Street has excellent beer and awesome pizza! Their pizza is made in wood burning stoves = yum! Very casual. When I was there awhile ago they had tables outside which is nice in good weather.What can I say that already hasn't been said about this place? I wouldn't say that this has the best pizza ever but it is a unique way of presenting pizza. I like that you can have small pizzas and get your own without just ordering one slice or everyone sharing the same kind of pizza. I like that they have all kinds of weird options. I like their beers. I don't think this is the type of place that I would go on a regular basis but I would trust to eat and drink here again in the future.Dear Dock St: please please get some not-disgusting wine! I come often. Your pizza is yummy, your burgers are so tasty, and everyone says your beer is good, but I don't/can't drink it. I want to come more and I would, but no liquor and disgusting wine makes me sad.Dock Street is probably my favorite place to get pizza and beer. I used to be there about once a week when I used to live in West Philly. Nowdays, Nomad Pizza is closer and is an acceptable alternative, but my wife and I still make it out to DS from time to time. Our favorites are the Fig Jam and Flammenwhatever pizzas. My one stickling point is the beer selection, but maybe that's because they used to spoil me. During the era of the first 2-3 brewers, their beer selection would have earned them 5 stars from me. It was creative, and rotated on a regular basis. Now they always seem to have the same core beer offering, with an occasional new beer rotated in and out. Don't get me wrong, the beers are good, but the lack of change removes some of the incentive to go back regularly.Fresh brick oven pizza made to order and house brewed beer, what else could you ask for.  The prices are totally reasonable and I love the neighborhood feel too.  Dock street is that perfect place to go when the rest of the city becomes too boring or you get tired of the "usual haunts".Some of the best brick oven pizza in the city. The Flammenkuche is one of the best pizzas I've ever had. And the beer is heaven! If only they delivered!!I frequent Dock St. on a fairly regular business and I must say, the service has improved drastically over the past few months. The pizza is great, the beer has become a lot more consistent lately and the best ever.... are the sweet potato fries! They must be using a new technique because the last few times I've been there they have been outstanding.
If you were disappointed with Dock the last time you were there and it's been a while, I'd give it another try.I've been to Dock Street several times, but haven't had a chance to write about it.  I stopped by last night with a few friends.  We waited a while for an outdoor table, which was worthwhile because it was so nice.  Dock street was pretty busy, inside and out, so it was pretty weird that they weren't taking names for tables.  The whole place seemed to be understaffed, and possibly suffers from poor management.
On my other trips to Dock St the service was good, but last night it was terrible.  The table we had been waiting for was sitting uncleared for quite a while, so we just decided to sit down before someone else took "our" table.  After waiting about twenty minutes without our server stopping by, I headed into the bar to buy drinks.  The food order took about an hour to come out, and wasn't brought over to our table until we tracked down the server and asked about it.  I have had great service here in the past, so it's safe to say the service is hit or miss.
For food, Dock St excels at pizza.  They have several different specialty pizzas that are great thin crust guys made in an open wood-burning stove.  There are also sandwiches and appetizers on the menu, but I recommend sticking to the pies.  Dock St is a respectable micro brewery that serves up pints, pitchers, and growlers of their own beers.  In fact, they only tap their own beer.  They usually have a selection of about five brews that rotate with some regularity.  Last night I had the summer session, a light wheat beer with a lemon grass flavor, and the hoppy Bohemian pilsner.  Both were good beers.  I've always been able to find something on their tap list that suits my mood and palate.  
Dock St has a great open atmosphere with a long bar and lots of seating.  It was great to sit outside on such a nice day, too.
Bottom Line: Despite my negative experience last night, overall I think Dock St is a good stop.  They make great beers that aren't widely found in other places across the city.  They change beers and have enough variety to make regular stops dynamic enough.  The pizza is good, especially for sharing with three or four people.  It's one of the better stops in the neighborhood.I want to love this place but I finally had to give up.
Dock Street must hate making money, because every time I've come here has been a service nightmare (and I've been coming since it opened).  All the delicious beer and pizza in the world won't make up for the absurdity of visiting here.
On a not-busy Saturday around 3pm during beer week, I was seated at a two-top with a friend.
45 minutes later, my beer and her soda arrived.  About 15 minutes after that, my order of fries.
For a while, I contemplated just going up and pouring the beer myself.  I should add that after about 25 minutes of just sitting there, our waitress came over and asked for our order again.
A family seated after us flat out gave up and walked out in the time we were sitting there.  My friend eventually had to leave, so I sat there eating fries alone.  What a great place.I don't drink but went here with some friends and it was a real boost to the neighborhood. I hear the beer is awesome too.Well. I've been coming here for a long time now (about a year since they've opened) and I have been putting off writing my review. 
so. 
Dear Dock Street,
You have wonderful food options, and delicious beer. Now, if you could only get your shit together... When you stock 6-8 beers at a time and run out of 1 its a big deal. When you run out of 2 its an even bigger deal. Other brew pubs don't seem to run out of shit like you do. You know that you are a hot spot. You know its always busy. Now why cant you get it together so that you can provide good service across the board? Also... STOP running out of food. srsly. You've been open for over a year and have had the same traffic for that time. Order enough shit so you don't run out of certain foods EVERY time I go. And update your beer list to reflect what you have. Its a fuckin chalk board. You run out? Erase it off the list. Real easy.
Don't get me started on the ordering a keg snafu... I called you, you told me all I had to do was come on down, I came on down, you told me I needed to call and reserve a keg. Then you took an hour to get me the keg. You also told me that a tap was included in the price. Then I got there and you told me you didn't do taps. WTF? Get it together PLZ!
I still love you. I love what you are doing for the block. I love that I don't have to leave west Philly anymore for good pizza and beer in the same spot.  I really do love to love you. Just please, organize yourself a little better, and crack a smile every now and again when its busy. Busy = Money.
sayin.I'm disappointed Dock St. hasn't been getting better reviews! I think the pizza is delicious...my favorites are the veggie and flammenkuche (caramelized onions and bacon..mmmmm). I also enjoy their beer, quite tasty. However, It is in a random neighborhood so it's kind of hard to get to....but I think it's worth the trip! I also went here for lunch one day when the weather was nice in the fall and they had a couple tables set up outside so it was nice enjoying the pizza and beer while soaking up the sun :) I never had a problem with the service, the wait staff was always pretty quick and attentive to my needs.First of all, I think it's pretty cool that Dock Street had the guts to re-open, especially in this neighborhood. Yes I know...it's not the worst neighborhood, but it's certainly not the best either. I'm guessing this building in an old firehouse...pretty cool! This place gives me an excuse to take Baltimore Pike (I mean, "Ave") into the city, which I almost never used to do. It's a pretty "scenic" drive, if you can appreciate the old-time architecture of the homes & buildings nearby. Anyway, I like this place, it's a notch above a typical Iron Hill, Kildare's, or John Harvard's (RIP). The beer is micro-brewery beer, so don't walk in there asking for a miller lite or bud. Actually, for goodness sake, don't walk in ANYWHERE and ask for a bud! (Just puke first and save yourself the trouble of drinking).  The servers, though busy at times, do know their stuff, and they can set you up with a beer you'll enjoy. I'm assuming this place draws a lot of Penn & Drexel people, being so close to University City. Either way, it's a nice crowd...don't let the location scare you away.Beers were OK; nothing special. Chocolate Saison (that's what she said) was smooth, OMG Pale Ale was nicely hopped and easily drinkable,and Rye IPA was good. Not much of any aroma coming from these 3. Oh well. Pizza was OK; not great. Got a Sicilian but could not taste or see any walnuts, sun-dried tomatoes,(skimpy on the roasted garlic too )or fresh basil- just sauce,cheese and capers.Probably will return but not in a hurry to.First off, Dock Street is one of  few ways I can manage to lure my non-West Philadelphia crew out here.  
The beer is nothing short of incredible (when all you're used to is warm lager and PBR in hipster dive bars).  There are usually five to six on tap, served properly in the right glass, and bartenders gladly will let you sample each and every kind.  It's hard to say which one is a favorite, due to the menu changing roughly every few weeks, but usually the beers run from the lighter to the darker or stronger.  I was never an IPA fan, but since my weekly attendance at the place, that opinion has changed.  The espresso stout, made with beans from the Satellite Cafe (next door), was great, and I hope they bring that back soon.
The pizza, of course, is out of this world: the Greek and the vegan pizza are highly recommended.  Probably some of the best you will get in Philadelphia.  The fish and chips are also a pleasant surprise - damn tasty.  They make some great fries for munching as well.
A little loud, but what can you do.  It is an old firehouse, after all.  It's great to have such a superior place like this in the neighborhood, if not slightly dangerous on the liver and the pocketbook.i was here once i remember thinking the pizza was amazing!I love you, Dock Street, but we need to talk.
Why must you always run out of my favorite beer so quickly? And what's with all the stouts? I went last week and there were like 3 stouts on tap and not a single belgian. That shit is unacceptable. Belgian style ales are what you do best! Prisoner of Hell placed at the World Beer Cup in 2012, for God's sake! Make more of it! 
Admittedly, I'm not much of a beer drinker. I drink wine. But here are the four instances in which I will partake in the juice of the barley
1. When it's free
2. When it's the only drink under 12 dollars available and there is no good wine
3. When someone left some in my fridge and I'm having a hard day
4. When there is a good belgian dark or sour ale on tap
So when I go to Dock Street anticipating my favorite dark belgian and I end up with a pilsner instead, I am displeased.
 I end up having this conversation with myself: 
"You should have gotten a growler or a few 6 packs when you had the chance, you imbecile." 
"I know, I know... I just thought, I thought I'd have more time." 
"That's your problem, isn't it... always thinking, never taking action!"
*sobs*
But in all seriousness, you're a great place. The pizza is truly delicious. The wraps are too. Good vegan and vegetarian options. Friendly staff. Beautiful Building. If you go late afternoon/early evening the sun streams in the windows from the west, casting this hazy glow on the room. It's very nice. 
Dock Street would get 5 stars from me if they did two things: always had a Belgian on tap and maybe tried brewing a GF beer and had GF wrap options. My gluten free friends always whine about not wanting to go to Dock Street.Was looking forward to trying this place, but wasn't too impressed after my first visit. The beers were alright (not bad but nothing too exiting considering the micro-brew trend). The vegan pizza was delicious but small for the price.  
The happy hour also ends prematurely for the city at 6pm. And there was a funky smell in the place (waitress said it was from the used hops but never experienced that foul of a smell at other breweries)Great pizza, great chicken, great beer. Try their rye ipa and any pizza. Better to eat there but always tasty. A lot of fun to sit outside in the summer.I almost missed this place.  Dock Street was on out to do list. My girlfriend wanted to take me here, but we got held up in a terrible rain storm pretty far from the car, so we almost didn't make it.  BUT WE DID!  And I am glad we did so.  We didn't get there until pretty late, but I had time to drink a few beers and buy myself a Growler.
Les start off with the outside of the building.  Beautiful.  I think they told me it is an old fire station.  There was a lot of outside seating, and all of those tables were in use.  The day was terrible, but it shaped up to be a nice night, so people were taking advantage of that.   But we decided the bar was the place for us. So in we went.  
A nice open space dinning area.Plenty of room to move around in there. Not to many tables packed into a small space like you normally find in the city.  And there was a little lounge area off to the side.  I really liked the stack of wood by the bathrooms.  A stack of wood you ask.  They have a wood stoked pizza oven,  And this you can smell, that is good.  Although I didn't eat anything while there, I saw some food coming out and it looked like something I would like to put into my belly.
But on to the reason we went, the beer!  If you have seen any of my other bar/pub reviews, you will know I kind of like beer a little bit. 
I am sad to say I forget the name of the beers I drank while there, but the first beer was a nice brisk wheat beer.  It had some lemon grass in it I believe.  It was hot and muggy and a cool crisp beer was the right thing at the time.  We didn't stay long, but long enough for me to pick up a nice growler and haul it back here to Scranton to drink some nice micro at home.  My only problem with Dock Street is, I was in Philly last Saturday and I forgot to bring my growler and fill it up.  So I guess, my problem is with me and not the bar, check it out.  If you like beer, you will like it!The pizza is amazing! I have tried several different pizzas, but my all time favorite is the greek. Who would have thought putting salad on a pizza could taste so good? Plus their beer is always good and I enjoy the variety, they change them out really often.Great spot!
My wife and I checked out this place because we like microbrews. What a find!  Great neighborhood a little away from the beaten path of the city. 
The beer was amazing. We got the sampler and all 6 were great. We got a growler of the lemongrass beer and took it to a friends to go with a seafood dinner. 
We had just eaten, so we didn't get the pizza - but it looked and smelled amazing. They have a brick oven pumping out some amazing pies!  We will definitely be going back to try it (and to get more beer!)Awful service. If you like a hipster paradise go here. Waited for over an hour for my food because I guess that is how they operateDock Street has amazing pizza and amazing beer. The pizza menu has a variety of pizzas that run the spectrum and use interesting and unexpected ingredients. They are great for vegetarians and meat-lovers alike. I am a fan of the Veneto and the Brie. The beer is always changing but has been delicious every time and you can tell they take a lot of time perfecting their recipes. It has a fun hipster vibe to it and definitely worth the trip!Come for the wood-fired pizza, stay for the house-brewed beer. Try the sampler to narrow down the beer as they are hit-or-miss (for my tastes at least), but as far as pizzas there isn't a bad one on the menu.We brought some friends here from out of town.  We love home brew and pizza so going to Dock St was a no brainer.  Plus we live in the neighborhood and always want to support our local spots.  I have to say we were not impressed.
The beer was great (love the growlers) and the pizza was good, it was the service that really turned us off.   No one was overly rude to us but all the employee's we encountered had an air of pretension as if we were a burden to them.  As someone who has worked in restaurants for about half my life I can empathize with the demands of the job and usually brush off bad service as a fluke.  However, after numerous similar experiences here, it just seems like what I have come to expect.  As other reviewers have commented, I want to love this place, but it's just not happin' for me.  I will continue to fill my growler here but, unfortunately, I don't think I will be back for dinner.
A restaurant with bad food, and a bad atmosphere can be redeemed with great service.  A restaurant with good beer, decent food, but habitually bad service can be easily avoided.Dock Street is one of my favorite places in West Philly that's not an Ethiopian restaurant. A great rotating selection of beer brewed on location (with a list of what's coming next), the only drawback is if you discover a favorite, it could be gone on your next visit, but you'll find something just as good on the next batch. I always get a small Veneto pizza, which is baked in a brick oven and never disappointing. Perhaps the best part of Dock Street is the staff. Everyone is really friendly, not in the fake I have to friendly way of corporate restaurants, but people who are genuine and seem to enjoy each other and most of the customers (I'm of the opinion a majority of bad service complaints are really bad customer moments). It's great to see a local brew pub succeed out here.So i have been wanting to try this place for a long time! We went on a Friday night at about 7:00. It was pretty busy but there was space for two at the bar. The mood/scene is unlike any other micro-brew that I have ever seen. Usually there is a standard theme and darkness in them. This one just seemed like a place that found magical recipes for excellent beer and decided to just make a fun environment to serve them in. 
We took the advise and tried the pizza. Our waitress/bartender recommended the barbecue chicken. We also ordered some sweet potato fries as an appetizer. I have never been given this large of a serving of sweet potato fries in my life. And they were simply perfect. 
The pizza took a while longer to make, but was well worth it. I don't know what goes into the barbecue sauce, but I know they make it fresh in house. It nailed this pizza into one of my favorite pizzas ever.
Our waitress was super nice and by the end had invited me to go out on a pub crawl this upcoming weekend. Apparently there are 50-60 getting together and riding bikes around the city to the microbreweries! Her name was Danni (guessing on spelling) and I would highly recommend sitting in her section. 
The beer....wowowow...I love trying micros...I also enjoy getting the samplers that each produce and trying a little of each. I fell in lust with the espresso beer...Yea, that's right, espresso...the aftertaste was just that...The only let down was that I really wanted to get a growler of it to go and they wouldn't sell it since it was a fresh made batch and high gravity....booo....fail...
As for the environment...the outside looks like a sweet brick building...inside is just a concrete floor stuffed tables...there is random music playing...mostly random hiphop and dance types of music...my guess is the staff setup the playlist...i was fine with this since it was enjoyable music...not too loud...and they were all happier dancing and singing around...happier waitstaff equals happier customers...the most classic moment was sipping down some high alcohol espresso beer at a new microbrewery and hearing the thong song coming on...priceless
i even decided to go back the following sunday just for a espresso beer and to try the homemade chocolate mousse (they were out of it friday)...but they are closed on sundays...blah...just an fyiThis place is simply amazing.  I always try to bring friends new to Philadelphia to Dock Street.  It's especially nice to come on a warm day when you can eat outside and watch the trolleys go by.   
While the tables aren't as fancy as the local artwork for sale on the wall, they've got their priorities straight:  Good food and delicous beer!
My goal is to try all of the yummy pizzas!  My favorites are the Vegetarian, BBQ Chicken, and Fig Jam.  You really can't go wrong with any of them.  The Trio Fries are also amazing!
When it comes to the beer, I enjoy their seasonal brews most.  I'm still learning the intricacies of beer so I enjoy tasting and learning what I like and don't like.  
All in all, Dock Street is awesome.  Very hipstery and laid back and I never leave disappointed.I have gotten food there a few times, and it is always excellent. The beer is really good as well and they sell growlers if you want to pick up a jug for a few of you.
In my experience, the Fig jam pizza and Sicilian pizza are both excellent. The trio fries is a great side, and the salads are really good although a drop small.If there is a heaven it no doubt has pizza and beer, right?   So get a sneak preview ( if you've been good )     I've enjoyed most of the pizzas and the beer is very good.   In a funky old firehouse in a cool neighborhood.  Be sure to visit the tasting room next door.I just wish this place was open on Sundays. Great pizzas, good drinks.Nice outside seating, pizza and salads looked great but just went for a beer. Beer was also very good, fresh, refreshing, crisp, and hoppy.I've been here a few times now. The food has always been good (the Mellow Yellow pizza is awesome, as are the panko mozz sticks!). 
I almost never write reviews based on service, 'cause I'm pretty easy to please and as long as my food comes out in a decent amount of time and the server is friendly, I don't care. However, the service at Dock Street is so incredibly inconsistent. The first time I went, the server was nice and attentive (it may have been a Thursday night or something). The second time, the server was friendly enough, but hardly stopped by our table and forgot a couple of things. 
On a Saturday night, after calling for wait times and getting a 30 minute wait time, we show up and the hostess tells us 1 hr. (Had no idea she was the hostess- I thought she was a customer the way she causually stood in the doorway and gave us a blank look). She doesn't smile and is not nice to us. She's confused on who we talked to who told us 30 minutes (it was her). We're about to leave but then ask if we can sit outside (there were quite a few open tables). She tells us yes (okay, why not mention that before...). 
Our server recommends that we order apps since the food wait time is long since they're swamped (like every other Philly restaurant on a Saturday night, but whatever). The apps take forever to come out, but are delish (hence why I return here!). Food takes forever. Five minutes after everyone else gets their food, the waiter tells me they had to remake my pizza because there was a hole in it. I beg the waiter to just let me have it, I couldn't care less. He tells me the cook wouldn't want to send out something looking like that. I was very hungry at that point. 
The hostess comes by to refill waters. My sister asks her for some sauce, and she tells her to ask our waiter for it the next time he comes around since she's just refilling waters. So, instead of relaying the message (like literally every other hostess/staff person does at a restaurant in my experience), we have to wait another 10 min for him to come around to ask him for it. 
If you decide to dine at Dock Street, my recommendation is to do so on a weekday. And beware that the many of the servers are completely aloof.Needs more vegan options. Give us some cashew ricotta, get some daiya or teese! Stop putting parmesan cheese in your "vegan" pesto! Even just a tomato pie with veggies that isn't going to cost me $13 for a small would be great.Good-  but we couldn't do half one half another on pizzas- which makes me think that they are not freshly made  but other than that, pizza was good as were the sweet potato fries. Nothing AMAZING and I think I would prefer zavinos on chestnut- about a 10 min drive away. But Even though we were seated at a corner table we never felt neglected, and servers were quick in getting us what we needed (ketchup, pepper flakes, more water etc).You know, you pay about 19$ for your shitty delivery pizza, the kind with maybe a few sad veggies or greasy blobs of meat on top.  Pack it up and head over to Dock Street, where for 18.50$ you can get eight slices of mouthgasm.  Seriously, mouthgasm.
The Parma has a TON of different cheeses and prosciutto, BUT you don't get swamped in cheese as the pizza has a lot of tomato to balance out the flavors.  I've also had the pie with bacon and caramelized onions.  It was a little sweeter than I was expecting but superb once I got past my expectations.
The beers are obviously great.  I am not a beer person, so I get whatever is closest to candy ... the cherry one does it for me.
Service here is weird.  It is always slower than average, even when it's not terribly full.  I have waited 30+ minutes to be served my one pie, and the waitress was not particularly attentive or apologetic in that horrible hungry lull.  There is definitely a certain kind of person serving at Dock Street, but it's West Philly (ie, other Yelpers who are complaining about hipsters are clearly not natives).
However, the food is more than worth the wait time, and Dock Street is definitely getting to be one of my regular indulgences.Really some of the best thin-crust pizza I have ever had--this coming from someone who had all sorts of good pizza while living in NYC for three years.  Carmelized onion four-cheese--delicious.    Beer (champagne aged?) was great too!First-time visit and I was impressed with beer, food, and the atmosphere was lively and bustling. About a $14 cab ride from the area near City Hall\Reading Terminal Market/ downtown Marriott. Worth it. In an old firehouse, so that's cool. Next door is their cannery and lounge. Flights available, tried all the beers, all were quite good. The IPA brewed with wheat malt and orange peel was my fave, like a white IPA, called Winter Haze. Seasonal although I would vote for year-round for this beaut. Loved the food. They have an open flame brick oven firing up an array of pizzas with all kinds of toppings, cheeses, and options. The menu had a lot of good choices, veg options, I saw a lot of things I liked but they had me at pizza, once I saw they had anchovies as a topping. Nice crust, I wanted more anchovies and the pizza man quickly brought me more and they had been warmed. Brilliant, as adding cold anchovies just isn't the same, it needs to meld with the sauce. But the real star of the evening from my perspective was the fried Brussels sprouts. The best I've ever had. Crispy bits, dressed with salt and lemon. I almost licked the plate. If there was ever a dish that could win over a Brussels sprouts hater, this is surely it. Seriously, you must try them. And do pair them with the Winter Haze, as the lemony citrus notes make these two fit like a hand in a glove.Being a former resident of the West Philly/University City borderland, I have visited Dock Street Brew Co. on several occasions.  Never, on any of those occasions, have I experienced the poor service as mentioned in prior reviews.  Thursday night is my go-out-and-be-social-without-my-boyfriend night, and hence it is the night I most often went to Dock Street.  Perhaps Thurs. night is the best time to go for the best service?  Between 8 & 10pm the place isn't that crowded.  As far as the food goes...when writing reviews, I don't like to comment on the food & drink since taste is purely a subjective matter.  What I will say about the beer and food is that both were of the quality fitting of the prices charged- if not slightly better.  My final word of advice- sit outside if you can, since it is a bit noisy inside (re:clanging plates & silverware echoing off the concrete floor).Probably my favorite pizza in the city. The Florentine pizza with red sauce and pepperoni.  I've had it there many, many times throughout the years, and its always good. I've had good burgers and calamari here as well. 
Been here for a 5k charity run, and at the end, you got a free beer! 
Their staple Rye IPA is always a winner in my book, and they always have new creations ready to share, as well as special releases that they bottle for sale. They also have a few six packs and growler fills for their beer.  Normally I go with the IPA, saison, or a special bottle.
Never had to wait too long for a table to pop up and service has always been good and fast to me at least. It helps when you order everything right away.Went to Dock Street tonight after hearing great things about it from a good friend, so my expectations were pretty high.  I started off with the Hop Garden Double IPA, which I really enjoyed, and the boyfriend had the Rye IPA, which he really liked and had a few more of.  I had heard the pizza was dynamite, so I ordered the Fig Jam - smoked bacon, gorgonzola, figs.  It was good, but not amazing.  Boyfriend had 1/4 chicken and liked it pretty well.  
Overall, I liked the beer, and would definitely try the food again, but I was hoping for more.  Atmosphere is also a little lacking - it seemed sort of cold (and not just the temperature).This is the kind of place West Philly loves, which is to say the kind of place that wouldn't make it in, say, either of the Portlands or Brooklyn or Chicago or, for that matter, Madison, WI. 
The pizza is good, yes, but only if by good your comparison point is other neighborhood pizza places. 
The people who work here hate hate hate their customers. 
And if you don't order the pizza, well, veggie burgers that are charred on the outside and frozen in the middle (no exaggeration); calamari as slimy and fishy as vomit. 
The beer, which is what we're here for, right?, is pretty tame and safe; one high note is the Rye IPA, but you can get that same beer at White Dog or Queen of Sheba for the same price ($6) but a real pint (16 full ounces) instead of the delicate lady's glass you'll get at the actual establishment.
So, really, my two cents say that the best way to enjoy Dock Street is to go somewhere other than Dock Street.Fun place to go if you are looking for a nice night out in west phily. I've been here with my boyfriend for a dinner date and with a friend for dinner as well. Both times I got pizza and both times it was a pretty long wait because the restaurant was packed. I didn't mind either time because I had nowhere to be afterward. Also, it was nice of the servers to warn us both times about the anticipated longer than normal wait. I had their nice things ipa and was impressed. Delicious! Their pizza is very very good and made in a wood burning oven to get that smokey taste and soft and slightly crunchy texture. Last night I had their fig jam pizza. Oh baby was it good! I will be coming back here but definitely not if I have somewhere to be afterwards!best pizza in philly, holy shit - spread the word!!!!!!!!!!!!!Terrible place to get a beer. I would recommend going to one of the other breweries. I definitely don't recommend the drumpf beer. The staff and owner of this establishment are tasteless and crude.This is an old review from a couple years ago. But I had my birthday gathering here and they were very accommodating. I picked the pizzas out beforehand so they were prepared for our reservation, and paying was a cinch. Great casual atmosphere with good food. My favorite is the Parma pizza by far! As some had never been there before, they loved getting the beer flights.As long as it's not too busy, I really like this place. I can relate to Josh F's experience of ridiculously slow service. It seems that as long as you arrive before 8:30 or 9, the crowd isn't too bad.
The food is nothing special but the ingredients are always fresh (except for the fish) and there is casual fare for everyone, whether your vegetarian or a meat eater, starving or in the mood for something light. My boyfriend and I tend to split the Vegan pizza which we thoroughly enjoy even though we're not vegan.
Some of the beers are better than others. I'm a big fan of the Sudan Grass which is made with some sort of grass instead of wheat. It's really refreshing. The Golden Stock Ale is also top notch. Occasionally some of their beers have overly eccentric flavors which get old after a while but over all, good beer!I think that over the years the service here has only improved, the beer has become more consistent, and the pizza has remained awesome.  I can't say enough about the pizza as it is always very good and it is still amongst my favorite, even with the new "gourmet" pizza places opening up all over the city.  
The beer is very good and interesting.  They make the only pumpkin beer that I like.  There are subtle flavors in the beers, instead of overwhelming ones. The Man of Trouble porter is always good, as is the Rye IPA, and the pilsner.  Whatever mood you are in, there is surely a beer to satisfy you.
Keep it up, Dock Street.I work in West Philly and love coming here for happy hour. Appetizers are only $2.50 and are DELISH. I like the panzarotti, they're sorta like mini calzones. 
The beers are great. My favorites are the OMG Pale Ale and the Bubbly Wit. Both are clean and citrusy. 
Pizzas are also great and big enough to share between two people.The food is decent, but the lack of beer options can make this hit or miss. 
Location-wise it isn't the the most convenient, but the six pack deals are awesome.This is the place to go for a taste of specialty beers and brick oven-fired pizza in West Philly, and possibly in all of Philly. The prices are better than at Nomad's, while the quality is comparable (the style is slightly different). The individual sized pizzas are $9-10 and the toppings are delicious. (Large pizzas are about twice the cost.) 
I've been here many times and have always had consistently great experiences. I have introduced this place to many friends, none of whom have ever been unimpressed. My personal favorite pizzas are the Parma, the Flammenkuche, the Sicilian, the A La Cocca... oh wait, I just realized I was about to name the entire pizza menu. I guess you can't go wrong with any of them. The crust is perfectly charred and the amount of toppings is just right. This place has ruined regular take-out pizza for me. I really can't go back. 
The other foods here are also good. They have a decent selection of appetizers, salads, and sandwiches. They also have dessert. I've never had anything here that made me regret my decision to come in, but given that you can get similar non-pizza items elsewhere, I would stick with the pizzas when dining here.One of my favorite places in West Philly! The beer is good and the pizza is better. Try the trio fries for an appetizer if you're here.I would have given it 5 stars if the beer selection was much better. Every time I go in there, there is only a handful to choose from and I may be like one or two. I give 4 stars because I love that section of Philadelphia, and because the pizzas are to die for, amazingly delicious.The Best point blank. I got friend's that want to go there everytime there on my side of town. How many places grill chicken, make fresh pizza in your face and TASTE BEER while you buy. Hello it ain't delivery and it's not Digiorno. Beat me there don't meet me there.I am decidedly not a beer person (I'm more of a wine person) but ordered at ABT 12 and it was delicious. I'm not gonna pretend like I know how describe beer profiles, but it was slightly sweet, nutty, and not too hoppy and might I say a bit crisp. Also ordered the sausage pizza and it was awesome. Expertly thin crust, chewy dough, plentiful sausage, sweet onions and great sauce. Oh and our  waiter Roman was super friendly and attentive. Overall good neighborhood spot.Went for a Saturday afternoon brewery tour and had a great experience. The brewery tours have to be booked online in advance. They have a nice selection of brews with something for everyone including IPAs and lighter beers. On the tour you get to sample. We contemplated getting a growler to fill up with some brews to take home because they were a pretty good deal. 6 packs to go are only $11.50, comparable to many other microbrewery prices. The tour was a good experience. They explained the process, the history of Dock street and told us some amusing anecdotes about the business. On the tour we got to try some of the brews that are coming up next, and I am excited to come back here to try them once they are on tap.
And the pizza- WOW! It smells amazing and tastes just as good. This is probably the best pizza in town that I have tried thus far. The dough is soft and flavorful and they must use some amazing olive oil because it was superb. The freshness can't be beat.So hot and humid in here.  Give me a beer.  Wait, you only serve like 5 beers?  One liquor drink only after 9pm?  Hmmm.  I must not be "cool" or "hip" enough to enjoy this torture.
Weirdest wait staff.
Decent pizza?  Not sure, but I ate it anyway.
I doubt I'll go back to find out if I could potentially like this place when I'm not dehydrated from the heat inside.This place has great pizza at a affordable price and I love that the beer is made in house and it's well made. The service was a wee bit slow but it was a Friday night so I'm not angry. You can tell that it has a wee bit of a hippie vibe to it and it is usually not my scene but I enjoyed it and I'll definitely come back!I must agree with other reviewers here that I WANT to like this place more.  Cool atmosphere in an old fire station.  The beer has always been tasty.  The food is pretty good too.  They focus on the pizza which is tasty.  I wouldn't recommend against trying it, especially if you live in the area.  But . . . I've always considered it a bit over priced for what it is I guess...  Many other great local beers can be garnered a lot more cheaply at better restaurants in more interesting sections of the city.  It's just how it is...The food and beer were wonderful! The trio fries are incredible! Potatoes, sweet potatoes, and leeks, all fried together! The vegan pesto warp and hummus were great, and my friend liked her fish and chips. The service was absolutely perfect!!!I came here on a Monday night with a group of friends for pizza and drinks. Both the pizza and beer were high quality and I thoroughly enjoyed both. 
I ordered the Parma pizza, which has prosciutto and multiple types of cheese, and it was very, very good. I am partial to proscuitto, but I really liked the way the tastes of the different types of cheeses came together. There are beers for every taste as well, I had the Beer of Excellence, which I really enjoyed. 
My only complaint was that the service was extremely slow. Maybe this was because it was a Monday night and it wasn't that bus. However, I look forward to coming here again soon!We have been many times over the past several years and made a stop today to get some pizza - because they're pizza may be more reason to visit than the beer - very delicious.
Vibe is great, with a nice location on tree filled Baltimore Ave near an open triangle along the street which makes for great outside seating. Inside is open with high ceilings and long bar perpendicular to the entrance.
Quality of the food and beer are very good. Beer selection is usually about 6 taps with a cask ale. Food selection is sandwiches, salads and pizzas. The pizza is probably our favorite in the city, nice thin flat crust with good sauce and cheese. We crave it.
Service seems to be good across the team, nothing to note or complain about. 
Selection of taps is somewhat limited compared to some other brewpubs, which may limit variety.
Food is quality, but I'm basing this on our craving of their pizza. It is exceptional, starting with the crust which is thin and crisp on the bottom, sauce is flavorful and the cheese is plentiful.My husband and I ordered 2 pizzas and 2 salads, to go. One of the salads was a Ceasar. The price was $6.95...it literally came with a few sprigs of yellow romaine and a container of dressing. No parm, no croutons. To top it off the lady who took our order was so mean....will not be back for over priced food and poor service.Pizzas are really very good and this is probably my favorite place to go to for gourmet pizza. The mellow yellow is my favorite that hey offer. It's pretty high up on my list of all time best pizza. The souness of the vinegar and the tang of the gruyere make an nice flavor profile. Flammenkuche, fig jam, Sicilian (add anchovies for amazingness), and Parma all really good.
Beers are ruitinely good. The only really great beer I've had from these guys is the Johnny Berlinerweisse. 
So, 5 for pizza, 4 for beer.Locals, be ready for security at the front door and a limited selection of actual alcohol. Bring cash and patience during a busy night because the front manager will hustle you to eat and drink, quick.  Delicious pizza tho!West Philly and beer equals Dock Street in my mind after this. We searched for a spot to meet with my friend and while we were waiting got the trio fries. Fries, sweet potato fries and leeks. Leeks are tasty, kids and while not a real fan of sweet potato or fries they were pretty good too. The fries? Fries are always tasty. I also started out with their rye ipa which was good. I'm not generally a fan of RyePAs but the subtle rye flavor was there without blinking out the hops flavor.The hops also weren't overpowering the rye either. We also got the Flammenkuche pizza which had enough bacon in it to keep me interested but with other toppings that made it more than just bacon pizza. 
The man full of trouble is a good porter with a tasty, creamy finish. The Irish stout like a classier, lighter bodied Guinness and the cranberry kölsch is fruity but surprisingly better than a "chick" beer.I'm not much of a beer drinker, so I can't comment on their beers. I hear their growlers are a great deal.
But damn, their pizza is good! Recently had the Flammenkuche, have also had the Fig Jam and Brie pizzas. All (especially Flammenkuche) are deeeelicious.
Space is very loud, service is mediocre. But it's a cool place with excellent pizza.I don't get to West Philly much, but when I do!
I love the space, it's so darkly cozy, and it doesn't feel strained for either a couple or a group.
Good pizzas, nice beers, outside seating a plenty.Went here yesterday as a party of 7.  We sat right down in a cozy corner, and were totally WOWed from that point onwards.  We wanted beers, and Danny, our server, made some awesome recomendations.  We enjoyed several pitchers throughout the duration of the evening.  Then we got food... I went for a greek salad with beets.  It was pretty standard, but I knew i wasn't ordering the most exciting thing on the menu... and being the day after new years.. .that was fine by me.  Some of the other people in our party got more adventurous though... and the array of pizzas ordered blew my mind!  Bacon and fig, barbequed chicken, tons of cheese and proschutto, and then the classic margarita... which i had a bite of.  The pizzas are delicious no matter what your taste!  They're cheezy, but not too cheezy, PACKED full of flavor, and a good size for the money... and for your tummy.  I didn't quite have orderers remorse, but I really want to come back here and do it right!
Also worth mentioning- the staff is amazing, you can buy a craft case of bottled-there-beers to go, and the decor is just so cool.  It feels like a ski lodge (or maybe that's because it was snowing while we were there?)
We'll be back!The best thing about Dock Street Brewing is, of course, the beer. Oh, the beer. So good! Their cranberry Kolsch was deliciously refreshing (And served in the right "stange" glass too, beer nerds). 
Dock Street does a "tasting" of all their beers on tap-- this is the best way to pass a lazy afternoon, especially if you add a basket of their frite/sweet potato/leek fries. This is the best bar snack I have ever had, people, the Platonic Ideal of bar snacks. Get a large, or you and your friends will come to blows over the last bite of salty, crispy leek. Don't say I didn't warn you. 
Is Dock's basket better than the frites at Monks? I think it is! Oh heresy! *ducks a hail of angry frites*Tried this place with a couple of friends and we liked this place just fine.
The Trio Fries were surprisingly good, especially with the way they cook the leeks to a crispy texture.
We got the Flammenkuche pizza and one other I forget but nevertheless, it was some real good and flavorful pizza.
We had the Rye IPA and it was definitely different and interesting in taste and it was quite good.
Nice environment with a small park looking across the street for the view if you choose to sit outside instead.I finally made it to Dock Street.  Halle-freakinglujah!
I have no excuse for taking this long to get here.  I've been drinking Dock Street beers for a few years and I've lived in Philly a few years.  This is my tale.
I finally came here after work on Friday with some co-workers.  We walked into the Man on Fire taproom and grabbed seats at one of the rickety high tops.  I began with a flight of beers.  From light to dark, I didn't prefer the kolsch or the pilsner but the Rye IPA and the Satellite Stout definitely made it in my book.
We ordered fried calamari and a Flammenkuche.  The calamari was perfectly cooked, not rubbery in the least and had a tangy dipping sauce.  The pizza which I probably would have passed over was thin and crispy just the way a pizza should be.  The creme fraiche really made it.
I'm sold on this place.  It took me too long to get here and well I'm going to have to start making up for lost time.The place is incredible. It is a little out in west Philly, but you won't feel it that way. I went there just one time, but definitely planning to visit again. 
Beer selection is great. I order the beer sample and from there selected the one that I like it the most. If you can manage to sit outside, the experience only gets better.
I tried the pizza with the caramelize onions and the margarita one. The one with onions was much much better. I highly recommended. 
Overall, the service was amiable and quick. The waiter always kept our glass full of water and as soon as our beer was almost done, he came to ask us if we wanted another one. If you are looking for a place to hang out with a date or friends, you should go there.Went here on the recommendation of our Airbnb host.  It was a great introduction to West Philly breweries. My wife and I loved the Rye IPA (very well balanced and spicy!) and the Cascade IPA (floral and dry). The trio fries were great, but a little burnt IMHO. Never had leek fries...they are my new favorite! We split a small vegetarian pizza (creme fraiche base, sun-dried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, spinach)...fantastic and perfectly cooked!  Service was great and kept the beer flowing.Once again, great pizza (crispy thin crust, delicious toppings). Beer made  on premises: excellent (and I'm not generally a beer fan). And the scene on Saturday night is lively and makes one feel that West Philly is a weekend night destination. The big room was full when we arrived but we found 2 seats at the corner of the bar, and had our meal there. Perfect. Saw lots of friends coming and going. Our server - the bartender - was nice if a little confused by the needs of all the people around him.