New spot in Nolibs and it is exactly what we needed and so delicious.
They are a pizza joint but actually have a full and extensive menu. You can get a variety of types of pies in addition to different kinds of toppings etc. You can can get full pies and by the slice.
PLUS they have salads, sandwiches, appetizers, wraps, burgers, entrees, pasta, Calzones etc etc etc. They also have a healthy menu of gluten free and veggie/vegan stuff. Best Pizza I have had since Sicily. 
This place does not disappoint.
The owners also have a great coffee shop/cafe in the neighborhood too called Dolce and Caffe, check both spots out.I stopped by and wow - D'Oliva knocked it out of the park, first day open. Best tasting meatball parmesan sandwich that I've had in the city (and it's my favorite type of sandwich so I've had many). Extensive menu and the staff are really nice. Can't wait to go back.Fantastic new restaurant in the neighborhood. Owners and staff are very friendly and provide great service. Outside seating available. Pizza and meatball parm are great.I am from a large Italian family and love neighborhood Italian food.  This place is GREAT!!!  I am here visiting on business-- meatballs with ricotta, sausage pizza and cannoli -- all of it superb!
Philadelphia you are lucky!  This place rocks!I saw the 5 star rating and decided to give this place a shot for some game day grub, turns out it's just your average pizza place. 
We ordered the arrabiata pizza which had too much cheese and the sauce seemed undercooked, the olives also had a repulsive smell to them. This made for a pizza that almost had a soupy consistency with the cheese kind of sitting on top and not joined to the actual pizza. Additionally for a pizza that's supposed to be spicy it had no spice to it at all. Will probably just toss the leftovers, not worth keeping. 
We had also ordered the wings which were ok but were a little dried out and seemed to have an unnecessary amount of grease on them. The celery must have been cut the prior day or before as it was soft and you could see some decay on the ends. 
Finally I also decided to try meatball sandwich which was good however both the sauce and meatballs lacked flavor. It was topped with a ton of cheese however that also did not have much flavor too it either. 
All in all I will not be ordering from here again and don't understand the 5 star ratings. In addition this place has to get moved down to 2 stars because of the prices being way too high for the quality that is given.Delicious, fresh made pizza! Huge slices, plenty of standard and creative options. The entrees are awesome too! I had the lemon chicken with Brussels sprouts tonight and loved it. Great indoor and outdoor seating and friendly staff. Glad they're in the neighborhood!Wow! Absolutely positively loved the pizza from here and the customer service is fantastic. They have been open for a week and I have ordered twice already!What a great new neighborhood spot ... I had the chicken parm with spaghetti and it smelled and tasted delicious ... well priced and you definitely leave with a full stomach... staff is friendly also.Great new spot. 
We ordered a plain, Buffalo Chicken, and Pepperoni pizza. All of it was really good. I'll definitely be ordering from here againI am hesitant to leave this 5-star review because I'm afraid of this place getting too popular! :)  It's a relatively new (opened maybe a couple of months ago) pizza joint in Northern Liberties.  To be honest, I wasn't expecting much, but this place has blown me away.  Everything I've had there so far has been great!  My favorite has been the Arrabiata Red Pie, but the D'Oliva Romana Thin Crust is also different and delicious.  I've also had one their strombolis, which was also great.  I'm looking forward to trying the wings, pastas and sandwiches/steaks!  They have a nice outdoor seating area on the Liberties Walk.  They are a little on the pricey side, but I think they make up for it in the quality of their ingredients.  Definitely worth a try!Had the most amazing experience here! Pizza was better than NYC pizza, seriously. The crust is vegan which is also awesome. The EVOO from Italy might be what makes this restaurant so amazing. We ordered the cheese fries w truffle oil, a cheeseburger with a fried egg & avocado, portobello mushroom grilled chicken (healthy and DELICIOUS), and of course, a slice of pepperoni pizza. It's too difficult to choose a favorite, so you'll just have to try it all! From start to finish we were amazed by each dish. Highly recommend & will be returning very soon!!Waited an hour at the restaurant ... for take out order .... 
Definitely not worth it.
Food was bland - under-seasoned and dry. 
First experience here as a local in the area. Probably my last unless some changes are made here.Really good!  I had a meatball parm sandwich, and it was delicious!  The bread was perfect, and the cheese was an excellent quality.  Meatballs were A+ as well.  I'll be back for sure!Had their food twice now and everything was phenomenal. Had the meatball parm sandwich, bread is fantastic, perfect amount of cheese and sauce and the meatballs were delicious. The chicken parm sandwich was delicious and enough for two meals for me. Pizza was fantastic, stuck with a classic cheese pizza, crust was awesome, and the cheese had the perfect flavor. The garlic knots were delicious. The leftovers were even great when they were reheated, the meatballs were still moist after being in the oven and the bread still had the perfect crust! Also, the people there are so nice! Will definitely go back and gradually make my way through the menu!Had the pleasure of stopping in this great addition to try a couple slices yesterday.  Now I can't give a full on review because I only tried two slices but they were solid slices!  Really large menu actually, was surprised at how many different menu options that had.  Tried two burritos slices, crust was nice and crisp(zero flop), not soggy, tomato sauce had good flavor and tang.  I wanted a third slice that's for sure.......I will be back!NEW GO TO PIZZA IN THE NO LIBS AREA
yummMmm i ordered a tomato pie to go when i was in a hurry a month ago for a party and it was delicious so i knew i had to give this place a shot for dinner
i ordered a sicilian pizza, half pepperoni and half plain, a beet salad and some jalapenos peppers for delivery. it came in about 20 minutes (SO QUICK) and everything was presented beautifully!
unfortunately the cheese got stuck to the top of the pizza box, but other than that it was delicious! the jalapenos poppers were hot and crispy and the salad was plentiful of avocado and beets and delicious
all in all, this place is a new go to for us and can't wait to try other dishesHole in the wall with killer food. I got the chicken parm sandwich and fries. Both hit the spot. 
The chicken was super fresh.... the fries were crispy. The food portion fit the price. 
I definitely recommend this spot.Amazing true Italian pizza. The vibe and energy are also great. A great edition to the neighborhood. Love going in there and love all their different varieties of pizza!I love D'Oliva. Add Buratta to any slice to kick it up a couple notches. Very reasonably priced slices. These guys are the real deal. They have a coffee shop on second street and it's also the real deal. They do it right.I went here several weeks ago and am upset I haven't been back. They have the BEST gluten free pizza I have ever tried.  I've been searching for years and these guys nailed it!! Great little shop  and we'll absolutely go back. Also, this may be first review for anyone I have ever done but I had to write one here for them, they were fantastic!This place used to be our go-to for really great pizza.  Recently, (within the last month) something has changed.  The pizza crust used to be relatively thin, crispy and very tasty.  The last couple of pies we have ordered were kind of thick, bland and doughy.  It sort of reminded me of an Elio's frozen pizza from a cardboard box.  It is a great disappointment that this local neighborhood place has gone from superstar to blah with whatever changes they have recently made to their pizza dough.  Maybe they are buying in shells these days to save money?We ordered a cheese pizza, garlic mild wings, and fries. The pizza was soooo good, one of my favs in the area!! I'm excited to visit and try different slices!The best pizza in Philadelphia thus far! Incredibly fresh ingredients, coupled with incredible tomato sauce and a fantastic crust, make the pizza here phenomenal. Other fares, to include the suns and burgers do not disappoint! Try this place!AMAZING! Just like their coffee shop on 2nd! We had 3 different slices: Pepperoni, red pie with roasted garlic and white pie with pineapple and kalamata olives. 
They also have lots of other options aside from pizza like sandwiches, salads and wraps. We will absolutely be frequenting this place.Got a menu at mailbox ( hate that) typically throw out.
Somehow kept.  Decided to order tonight.
Very, very good.  Totally surprising.  Got margarhetta with Italian sausage.  Omg! So good! Will definitely order another time. Would like however slightly thinner crust. I have really been wanting good pizza with quality ingredients in philly for delivery.D'Oliva evoo Pizza & Grill was really good and extremely affordable. Friendly ambience, fantastic service and tasty menu items. The most flavorful dish was Cheesesteak, me and my friend just loved it. It was so wonderful. The service was also great and everyone was nice. D'Oliva evoo Pizza & Grill...Go there, if you can.Not good at all. I had the pizza delivered, and all the sauce was on one side of the pizza box. The cheese was all on one side. The pizza was not cooked. The delivery guy handed me the pizza, one handed, while sitting in the car talking to his friend. It was a disgusting pizza and I paid 30 dollars for it to be ruined on the drive over. Never eating at that place ever againOrder d'olivia a few times a month. The pizza is always crispy, hot, and fresh. Every time I've picked up an order, the workers are always fast and efficient. Our favorite thing to order is Buffalo chicken Stromboli.Wow. I rarely yelp however I had to give my review on the Meatball Parm Pasta. It was amazing!
I have not had pasta taste this amazing in awhile. Between the sauce, cheese, and meatball I'm not sure which is the best part!Our food was excellent. On time delivery. We ordered a pepperoni pizza, cheese steak sandwich, wings and a salad. Everything was hot and delicious. A bit pricy , but high quality. I would gladly order againBesides the delivery - which was 5 - this was Average all the way around. Mozz sticks are pre-made and pizza isn't anything to write home about. Appreciated the quick delivery though.It really was a lovely experience at the D'Oliva evoo Pizza & Grill. Such a great atmosphere. Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak was beyond my expectations, it was really yummy, I am pleasantly surprise. I went there last night and didn't have to wait long time for service. I would recommend D'Oliva evoo Pizza & Grill to anyone.Great pizza, great service.  They have delicious sauce.  Hoagies and all the appetizers have been great including the cheesesteak Stromboli.First off, the pizza is fantastic! The daily variations in individual slices showcases their creativity and willingness to experiment outside of the traditional pizzas you are used to seeing is refreshing. However, even their Pastas and sauces are exceptional, and their tiramisu is fantastic. I'll be visiting again very soonA tiny beautiful little place. Clean , very nice people. Great food. This is a neighborhood restaurant. I love this place! I will return again and again. Mary and SteveStaff was very helpful and food was fast for the quality. Come for the slices, wings and salads. The chicken fettuccine was not a favorite.Drove over from Jersey during the protests/riots for the glorious food once again. I walked in and heard multiple people speaking Italian and it really made me happy. Somehow my car battery died and these people were so nice and jump-started my car and had me off in several minutes. You have a customer for life.Buffalo chicken pizza! that's all I can say, just get it. You'll find your new favorite pizza spot right here.I've been getting this pizza once a week all through quarantine. I always get the pineapple onion large pizza. I order through their website and it's ready usually within 15 minutes. There is just something about the quality of the ingredients that this place uses that elevates it to the next level. I think because they owners are actual italians and import ingredients from italy, it makes it top notch. The people that own this place are really friendly and actually care about the neighborhood. My favorite pizza in Northern Liberties.Quick delivery but probably wouldn't order again. I had my hopes set high for this place which makes it more disappointing.  
We ordered the arrabiata pizza and it just didn't smell good when we opened the box. I absolutely love all olives and there was something repugnant about these. I'm all about sauce and this just missed the mark entirely. It tasted like tomatoes fresh out of a can that hadn't been cooked down enough and was too watery. It didn't seem like it was cooked enough either because the roni cups did seem to have the burnt ends to them. Also, it wasnt spicy at all. 
We also ordered wings and the skin was tough not crispy. I also wasn't a fan of the buffalo sauce since it had a sweetness to it from the blue cheese dressing they mixed it with. I actually do like that as a sauce but you can't make it with a sweet blue cheese dressing. They could have just literally thrown chunks of blue cheese in it and it would have been better. Also, the celery was NOT fresh considering it felt rubbery. It was probably fine to eat but who wants soft celery?
I can't say I was a fan of the meatball sandwich either as the meatballs were super bland.One of the few restaurants going above and beyond during quarantine. Open late, offering medical professionals free pizzas, and one of the cleaner food prep establishments. Ordered a buffalo chicken cheesesteak, meatball sub, and calamari tonight. All were great but we were really shocked about how good the calamari was- highly recommend. Happy to give this place business during the craziness.The Best Pizza that I ever tied. It is addicting! Stuff is really nice and friendly. All ingredients are always fresh! I love that they always have some different topping slices available and I love them all!Hands down the best pizza in Philadelphia. I work around the corner and it's my go-to pizza spot. The staff and environment are both amazing. I highly recommend it!This place is awesome!!!! it's family atmosphere type spot with delicious options and great people 
Guy who makes pizza is actually Sicilian and knows exactly what pizza tastes likeAwesome new pizza spot in the 'hood!  I love Dolce and was excited to hear they opened up a pizza spot in Liberties Walk.
Since they've opened, I've been here a few times already, grabbing some slices for dinner.  They re-did the entire interior of what used to be another pizza place, upgrading the decor and making it look very pizzeria/sicilian-like.  They always have an array of pies, all with different toppings, for you to grab slices from - and plenty of vegetarian (and even a vegan option or two), as well!
The menu has so much more than pizza, such as burgers, salads, strombolis/calzones, and more.  I've only eaten a few slices, but they can custom-make any type of pizza you're looking for and the other items on the menu sound great too.  Given their initial cafe, I know the quality of the ingredients are going to be top-notch and the food will taste great.
Will be back a lot!  And they're BYOB!We ordered delivery and all the food was hot when it arrived and was absolutely delicious.  BIG portions.The BEST pizza in the neighborhood. Huge slices and delivery is quick. Also love their salads and the meatballs. So happy to have you guys for lunch, dinner and delivery. Also the chicken parm sandwich is one of the best I've ever had and the cheese on both the pizza and sandwich is amazing. They will not disappointSolid place, pizza is always done well and the delivery was on time! Highly recommend!I ordered the burrata milano chicken, the thin crust margherita pizza, and the cheese ravioli with vodka sauce and was not disappointed. When I picked up my order, my food smelled like God touched it. The burrata chicken cutlet was solid. To be fair, chicken cutlets dry out pretty quick and my Silician woman is pretty much the chicken cutlet Queen. The margherita pizza had a great crust and beautiful, juicy tomatoes on it. The cheese ravioli with the vodka sauce was one of the best things I've ever had in my life. The vodka sauce had absolutely incredible flavor and the raviolis tasted homemade, which was a nice surprise. I recommend getting the vodka sauce ravioli and drizzling the sauce on a margarita pizza for some next level flavor. I was left craving for more and will be back.We order from here because the Cheesesteaks are really good. We've also tried the Chicken Cutlet with fig and balsamic and that was delicious. Tonight I ordered the Tortellini but to be honest it was a rip off. It was good, but definitely not worth $19. And there wasn't any mozzarella on top! So I don't think I'll be ordering any pasta dishes from now on. The pizza is good. So we will stick to that and Cheesesteaks!I CAN NOT GIVE THIS PIZZERIA ENOUGH LOVE!!!! Working in this neighborhood, I was very delighted to find REAL pizza like I'm used to in NYC! 
The absolute nicest men in the shop too. Kudos to you for keeping it authentic! Try the Arrabbiata pizzaProbably the best delivery pizza we have had. The pizzas were perfect, and cooked well done per our request.  The salad was fresh and large enough to share, which is rare for a pizza place. The delivery also arrived 10min early. All around good experienceNew spot on the edge of Liberty Walks. I've been twice in the short time they've been open and have been very pleased both times! I can only speak on getting individual slices since I haven't ordered a whole pie yet. Slices come out of the oven with a thin, crispy crust and a drizzle of imported olive oil which is a great touch. 
Highly recommend the red pie with roasted garlic. Also got their house salad with grilled chicken which was great. The staff is nice and it's clear that they care about the quality of food they put forward. Once the word gets out I think they'll be one of the more popular places to grab a slice in NoLibs and beyond!This place is great. The proximity had me sold in the first place, but the customer service and family feel is unique. Everyone seems to take pride in their work and it shows in the food being cooked. Keep up the good work, we are happy to have you in the neighborhood!Called and asked if Buffalo Chicken Pizza came with blue cheese. They said no. Instead it came flooded with ranch dressing. Would have been good to know considering the website says NOTHING about ranch dressing as a topping for the Buffalo Chicken pizza.Disappointed in this establishment. This is my go to neighborhood spot and today I ordered for the first time since being in quarantine and the quality has gone down. For starters, I ordered on the phone and went to pick it up.. not one person had a mask on.. this is an open style concept (meaning you can see them making the pizza/food from the counter) and not 1 of the cooks or the person who took payment was wearing a mask...COVID-19 is still a virus y'all and I'm certain this does not meet health department standards. 
However, I still paid and don't let food go to waste. They used to have the best chicken fingers and fries but they just changed... they were like snack bar fries you get at a pool.. and the chicken fingers were smaller than what they used to be. 
Sad to say, I won't order here again.Pizza and wings were excellent! We are from jersey, north-by New York. If you are looking for pizza that tastes like jersey/New York pizza (AKA pizza that is delicious!) head on over to this place!D'Oliva is a great spot for an evening filled with good pizza and fire sandwiches. Ordering over the phone was...easy...as...pie. Yikes. Friendly staff and the pizza was quickly made with fresh ingredients. 
What we snagged:
-Eggplant Parm Pie (VERY flavorful and great, fresh ingredients) 
-Also, snagged a pizza from them a different time. It was only plain, but good whiskey za. 
My score: 6.7/10 
Why not into the 7's? Well, it's TINY. Coming from NY I'm into a BIG slice and size of your face for a fair price. This pie was tiny and priced too high. We'll be back, but might scope out some other joints for a better prize with a bigger pie.I cannot day enough great things about this place. First off, the delivery surprises me every single time by how quickly they get to my house. Tonight was exactly 20 minutes from the time I ordered until the time it arrived. It is always the same super nice delivery driver. The food is all outstanding. We have tried most of the menu. Our favorite pizzas are the tortellini and the pugliese. The Stromboli's and calzones are delicious and so are all the pasta dishes and salads we have tried. Great customer service, fast delivery, and outstanding food make this our go-to place for ordering out.D'Oliva's is a super cute little Italian place with a variety of great options! From healthy dinners, to delicious meals as well as GF friendly! 
We typically order out from here for the convenience and all the options. Some of our favorites are the chicken Limone, wings, burger, Caprese gnocchi and the GF vegetable Pizza.  They have the best GF crust!
The service is always prompt and friendly.This is a little hidden gem in No Libs on a side street. It's hard to find great pizza around here and they have exceeded my expectations. I now always order their pizza with extra sauce, broccoli bites and mozzarella sticksNot enough good things to say - have had several of their pizzas, all amazing! Nothing beats the Calabrese - if you like anchovies don't skip it!! Have had a million pizzas around Philly - the standing fav!! Pick up or delivery, don't debate, just do it!!This is fantastic pizza some of the best take out I've had. We ordered 4 pies each of different kinds all were excellent! The full clove if garlic on the tomato pie was a bit much but the sauce was exceptional! Next time I'm in philly this is a go to especially in Fishtown.The best pizza I've ever had in my life. Philadelphia is always filled with amazing food but this pizza shop is a total gem. The new owners made this place a completely new experience! There's seating outside and inside now. I will definitely be returning to try more slices! Such a 10/10 over all.My first review ever goes to D'Oliva Pizza & Grill. Not only was the delivery super fast & courteous, but my specialized pizza was amazing. Ordered a large pizza with Kalamata olives, portobello mushrooms, red onion (trust me), & basil. Fresh ingredients, perfectly balanced tomato sauce, & just the right amount of cheese. I've found my go to pizza place in Philly :)I've tried quite a variety of yummy things from here: strombolis (huge. like... HUGE), pizza, sandwiches (chicken parm was good, grilled veggie one was really loaded and flavorful)... everything is always consistently delicious and you can tell it's made with quality ingredients. The prices are fair, especially for the portions they give you, and the pickup process is always easy breezy. This is a great go-to if you're looking for some legit pizza or hot sandwiches.We moved to a new spot over in the Billy PENN building. It is a good desert over here. There is nothing but pizza. 
So it was Friday and some one forgot their lunch and convinced me to forget about mine. I looked through our menus of pizza places we tried that were eh. Then I went on yelp and found this place. I figured let's give it a whirl. 
The pizza was top notch. I just ordered a large pepperoni but it wasn't junk pepperoni. They were crispy and cooked to perfect. The pepperoni began to curl up around the edges. 
It reminded me of the pepperoni at Stella. You pay top dollar for that shit.So grateful to D'Oliva for catering our holiday party!! They crushed it! Delicious food, easy ordering, timely delivery! We enjoyed everything!Doesn't deserve the one star. Ordered through grubhub; first driver came without our pizza (only salad). Ok mistakes happen. Grubhub refunded us for the missing item. We placed a second order for missing pizza, I get a call from our second driver that he's at the restaurant to pick up and the woman is telling him someone already picked up our pizza. I hear someone shouting in the background. Our poor delivery driver is trying to explain this was our second order with them tonight, just reordered the missing pizza. Here's what's not ok- the woman with the restaurant flat out yelling at the driver... AND ME... though him. Wouldn't listen, wouldn't try to resolve.  Blamed grubhub and also me, somehow? Kept saying it wasn't her problem.  Sorry but any place that employs people who speak to drivers and customers that way would NEVER get my business. The way she handled the issue was disrespectful, unprofessional and completely inappropriate. And now here I am waiting for order round 3.. from elsewhere of course.Staying in hotel for the night so I decided to have pizza in delivered  by grubhub.  Had the Calabrese Red Pie which was excellent and delivered reasonably still hot.  Would do this again.Good quality, but bad service. They don't pay attention to the order and deliver incomplete. And when you call they are rude as it was your fault. Don't reply to emails ans are still waiting for reimbursement.Great delivery guy. Very friendly fast service. My salad was excellent - arugula with figs, mushrooms goat cheese.  Pizza toppings were great, sauce good, crust okay. Overall a tasty well balanced pizza.When I order delivery, it's because I don't want to leave my house. I live on the top floor of a mid rise that has an intercom system at the front door so that I can buzz people in. To get to the front door, I have to walk most of the length of the building, go down the elevator , and then walk the whole length of the building to the front door and reverse the process coming back. I even provide the restaurant with a code that will enable them to dial me directly from the intercom instead of surfing the directory. I usually include a minimum 25% tip that I pay for upfront when I place the order to ensure great delivery service as I respect the effort and time. The woman who delivered my pizza called my phone (not using the intercom) and said to come to the front of the building to pick up my pizza. I explained to her that I would like delivery to my front door, not to the front door of the building and mentioned that going to the front door takes longer than going to the parking garage to get my car which I would have rather done to go to the restaurant myself if I knew that their policy is not to deliver to my door. She reluctantly utilized the intercom and delivered to my door stating that on weekends, they don't have time to deliver directly to doors if people live in condos. The whole experience really was frustrating.Ordered on ubereats and though it took longer than other pizza shops, it was well worth the wait. Everything was deliciousGood food and an excellent value, we had a garlic mushroom truffle pizza and it was extremely flavorful and had at least 10-20 whole cloves of garlic. It was yummy!Omg first time but certainly not last. This is the best food I've had in a long time everything is so fresh and exactly how you picture it in your end. The cheese fries had cheese mixed all the way through. Amazingspinach &chicken pizza was delicious even cold ! 
got a spinach, goat cheese / apple salad as well which was delicious af.D'oliva's is outstanding! From customer service to their food! You will never be disappointed when going in! I would eat there everyday if I could! First thing me and my wife ever had from there was their Hawaiian pizza and wow it was so delicious each slice had an even amount of toppings. The second time I got the chicken parm sandwich and my wife got the beet salad! We also got 2 slices for lunch the next day. One was white pie with broccoli, spinach, mushrooms, and tomatoes and the other was a white slice with prosciutto and ricotta!Best cannoli I've been able to find in Philadelphia and better than all the cannoli I had in Italy itself.I don't write many reviews but I felt the need to share how great this place is!  I came in to pick up a carry-out order of a calzone and a salad on my bike. The people behind the counter noticed me struggling to fit the food in my bag and offered to lend me one of their pizza bags so I could get the food home without the risk of dropping it. That's what I call accommodating!  Oh and the food was delicious as well. I've patronized them a few times now and I can't get enough of the margarita pizza with burrata. In fact you can add burrata to any of their pizzas and I highly recommend it.