Service is quiet slow here, seems like they are understaffed/overwhelm. By the time our food arrived, it felt barely warm. Feels like it was sitting on the counter for a bit. However the portion is huge, I'm assuming if the food was served hot it'll taste a lot better. When we request to have some to go boxes they didn't gave us any bags despite we have 3 boxes to go. Didn't leave a pen for the check either.I came on opening day and it took no exaggeration over 3 hours for our food to come out. Sure it was busy, but 3 hours is still a bit excessive to make 6 tacos and an enchilada. 
The chips were amazing- the green and spicy salsas were both good as well. Honestly the only thing keeping us alive while we waited for our food.
The tacos were actually pretty good. The beef was slightly over cooked and on the salty end, but overall fine. The chicken was about as good as a chicken taco could be. The marinated pork was delicious and perfectly seasoned. 
For some reason, the enchilada was super sweet, to the point of sickly. Would not recommend, but the rice and beans were fine. 
Overall, I think in a couple months when they're settled, it will be a lot better- there's huge potential here for delicious Mexican food in West Philly, but as of now the management needs some improvement. I will be back in the future to update.I grew up on the border in San Diego, California so my standards are high and I had pretty much given up on finding places that satisfy my cravings in the Philadelphia area unless I travel out to Norristown or one spot in South Philly. I am so excited to have truly authentic Mexican food in my West Philly neighborhood at last! We went opening week so it was still very busy, but the wait time was reasonable and the food was amazing. Plus on the house handmade tortilla chips made my heart and tastebuds so happy!  This will definitely be one of my new favorite places to visit!This was my second attempt to eat here,  it my first success.  Though, I can't say it felt like a real success.  I went on a Saturday around noon, expecting it to be busy. It wasn't too busy so I was hopeful it wouldn't take that long to get some food for take out.  I had tried to get takeout last Sunday but it was their opening weekend and it was slammed. So when I tried to order they told me it would take 35-40 minutes to get food.  I decided to try another time. This time they told me 15 minutes. So I ordered Carne Asada tacos, carnitas tacos, carne asada burrito and chips & guac.  After 20 minutes of waiting I checked in and they said it would be another 10.  Then I checked in after 10 and they said they were just waiting on the tacos. The tacos finally came out a few minutes later.  Some of the food was hot, some seemed to have been waiting and was trending toward like warm.  The chips were sadly stale.  The guac was good and the tacos and burritos were good, but not great.  The salsa for the tacos was actually very tasty.  It was frustrating to not be given an accurate estimate either time they offered one and to have to wait about 35 minutes for 3 items and chips & guac when the restaurant wasn't that busy.  I think this place has potential but management needs to do some work on getting more cooking help or improving their process.  They have problems but they are fixable and the food itself is good. Hopefully they will iron out the kinks in the coming weeks.I didn't know what to expect going to Don Barriga because it is new to the neighborhood, but eating here was a pleasant surprise! I was worried it would be overpriced, non authentic food but the food was decently priced and was sooooo good. I ordered a beef burrito for $9 and it lasted me two meals because it was so filling :) it also came with guacamole on the side for free!!! I ordered the horchata as well and it was pretty good... a little on the sweeter side for horchata. Service was good and eating here was overall a great experience! Only thing to keep in mind is that the size of the restaurant is pretty small so it can be hard to get a table, especially if you have a larger party.Wonderful service and friendly environment. The decor is nice and atmosphere is great, restaurant was clean and food was nicely presented. The only reason I have this restaurant 3 stars is because the quality of the food itself food and taste was just lacking. Almost like the Mexican food I can cook at home that unfortunately lacks a certain flair.Amazing food! I've tried the enchiladas verdes, enchiladas de mole, guacamole, and horchata. To everyone complaining about the service on opening day -calm down. The food was half off, it was their first day, and the crowds were intense!! I went back only 1 week later and they already had it sorted out.The food is amazing, and it's pretty authentic. Their salsa is actually hot. I've been multiple times and I'm never disappointed.The food was delicious, the atmosphere was very nice, and the staff were friendly! I have been here twice since it opened, and definitely am planning on going back. They really season their meat well - probably the best Mexican food restaurant I have been to in a long time. Plus the food is affordable and is good for a date or just hanging out with friends.Our first time here.  Saturday evening , got seated promptly then place filled up fast (around 6p) Good menu selection, pricing and quality of food.  Server was very attentive and we enjoyed our meal. Nice local spot in West PhillyLet me first say how happy I am that Don Barriga came to West Philly. It's been a long wait for a good, genuine Mexican restaurant to come here. I seriously hope this place lasts a very long time here. 
When Don Barriga had their grand opening on June 16th we went there to order some pick up order. As the photo shows there was a constant line. As many reviewers have written I don't think the restaurant expected this huge turn out. It took them about 1-1/2 for our order to be ready. I actually was not upset because I saw how swamped they were, and the wait staffs were actually very professional and in good spirits despite how busy they were. I was very impressed. I wanted to keep the order simple so I ordered different types of tacos. Tacos were very good! 
I waited to go back, and this time I went with some friends for brunch. We ordered various breakfast entrees and I have to say we all enjoyed the food. Restaurant opens at 10am and we were there at 10 We were the only customers until around 11am. The service was friendly, and the food came out pretty fast. I wanted to try their tamales, but they did not have them that early. I guess I will have to go towards later lunch or dinner for them. The prices are very decent, and really happy I don't have to go to South Philly for good Mexican food when I get the craving!I've been here twice already and loved both of my meals! The burritos come with quac and chips and the fajitas are enough food for two. I dined in and also called an order for to go and both were speedy and affordable! I love their green salsa and the super spicy Smokey salsa! I'm looking forward to trying their breakfast options!So happy this place is here! Just had an amazing meal there and I am so excited to explore the rest of the menu. The food was authentic and had great flavors, nothing too spicy but very flavorful. We will definitely be coming back!!Seems like it depends on what you order but there is better Mexican food to be had for sure. 
Nice staff and space is nice enough. I had the Torta Don Barringa. An very hearty sandwich that comes with fries that are cooked quite well (nice and crispy). It comes with turkey franks on it which really just didn't work and made the sandwich seem very unauthentic. My friend really wanted the corn but we couldn't find it on the menu so we just asked and they do have it (unclear why its not on the menu). Mayonnaise was way too much, although I will say the corn itself was cooked well. My friends had the vegetarian enchiladas which were decent. Good serving of vegetables but the enchiladas and sauce were a bit bland. 
Biggest complaint is that the portion sizes didn't make sense. The prices are relatively high for the quality of food (enchiladas for 11, torta for 13). A ton of food comes out with each dish, so much so that no one finished their meal. Would make more sense to give less food and a more reasonable price. 
I probably wouldn't recommend this place. You can definitely have better Mexican food in Philly and for better prices.Bland Food!!!  I was looking forward to trying this place as it's been the rave of University City.  I finally get to go, ordered the Enchiladas Rojas and it was BLAND!!  Mexican food is supposed to be bursting with flavor.  I was disappointed that they don't offer black beans at all.  The refried beans that came with my dish was watery.  My girlfriend simply ordered  three tacos with lettuce and shredded cheese.  She had to send the tacos back three times because they couldn't get it right.  I give it two stars, instead of one, because the atmosphere is nice, prices are reasonable, I was able to find parking and service was fast.  I'm too unsatisfied to try it again ‍This place is truly amazing. I got the torta with breaded chicken and chipotle and it blew me away. So good and fresh and filling. Meal comes with chips and salsa, both are great. Amazing menu with choices for everyone, an awesome addition to the neighborhood. And it's affordable !!Just came home from our first time eating at this wonderful place.
It certainly won't be the last time.
We ate Sopa Azteca, a small Guacamole and Don Barriga's Fajita.
All of it was amazing.
We brought home enough of the Fajita to make a dinner for tomorrow.
We mixed our own Margaritas at home. They gave us Margarita glasses and ice. 
We are very lucky to just live a block and a half away.
The staff was wonderful. Very prompt and attentive. And I met chef Pedro.
Best Mexico City Cooking!
Thank you all. Such a delight!Got the gordita with lengua meat. It was good! I didn't expect it to be so hard shell, but that's just because I didn't know what I was ordering. It was great, nicely seasoned just not properly distributed. For $3.50 it was great. I definitely want to come back for the tacos.OMG! I can't begin to describe how pleased my husband and I were with the food. I placed an order for pickup and it was ready in a timely manner; the packaging was nice and tight; the food was amazing. From the low prices we expected small portions, but neither of us could finish our platters. 
The food was fresh and delicious. Will definitely be back.Their guacamole and chips are to die for. Love the veggie burrito and the tacos . Definitely worth trying out.Love this place! The staff are really friendly, the portions are big, and the food is delicious. The tomatillo salsa they serve at the table (and include in all take out orders) is so good I have to order extra.I am from Mexico City and live in West Philly, which had very limited options for authentic Mexican food. I can't be more satisfied and happier for having Don Barriga Mexican Grill in town. They bring the taste of Mexico City's food and reminded me my hometown food. I highly recommend this place to everyone looking for authentic food from Central Mexico. The place is run by a family and they are really nice and helpful. We had chilaquiles verdes and tacos with horchata water.  
Provecho!Great addition to West Philly. Start off with  free  chips and salsa. Guacamole is great. You can get as an app oR it comes as a side de with the burrito, whichh is large and delicious. All varieties of enchiladas are also good. Fresh ingredients   A favorite spot.I love this place. I try to get something new from the menu every time and yet to be disappointed. I tend to think if Mexican places serve things outside beef and chicken they are legit.
Now If you think Taco Bell and Americanized Mexican is more your thing then just skip Don Barriga. I Don't want to be reading other ridiculous comments about how they serve double tortillas to compensate... (Insert eyeroll here) real Mexican places do. 
Torta - YES! Tacos- YES! Chuletas-YES! Sopes-YES! Frijoladas-YES! If you can still breathe after your meal they have horchata and tres leches that are also delish !!!! 
The servers are always friendly and I am so happy to have this great addition to the neighborhood!I Literally order from here 2x or more every week. This place is a West Philly treasure. Everything on the menu is uniquely amazing, even down to the homemade, complimentary sauces. The chicken enchiladas-verde is my personal favorite dish here but you honestly can't go wrong ordering just about anything from them. The food comes out fairly quickly and the staff has been amazing. Even during Covid 19, they've been one of the few places that have remained consistent with their service and food quality!University City in Philadelphia has a total winner in this friendly Mexican cantina.  Don Barriga is a very appealing corner eatery located in a former pharmacy at 45th and Spruce Streets.  I liked everything about this place starting with the friendly staff.  The cool wall art decorations add to the atmosphere and then there is the food.
Complimentary nacho chips begin the meal with two delicious house-made dipping salsas.  The red one also has a nice kick to it.  A grilled Pambazo sandwich with chorizo was well-made and hearty and proved to be a perfect lunch choice.  In addition the beef gordita with onions and cheese I ordered was totally delicious  - one of the best gorditas I have ever eaten. If I lived near Don Barriga, I would be a regular. Even though I live further away, I still plan to go back.Yo. Listen. This place is not messing around. Fresh ingredients. Fresh guac. Great service. And the type of food that makes you grateful to be alive. Amazing. I ordered the veggie burrito. I've never been happier with parting with 9 bucks. Tremendous.I can't speak for all the dishes, but I was underwhelmed by the enchiladas. Having come from an area with great authentic Mexican food on every other block, I was excited to see there was finally a Mexican restaurant in the area that seemed to be authentic. And I will say that it definitely seemed to be one of the more authentic Mexican places I've had in the city, but the enchiladas themselves lacked a lot of the breadth of flavors you hope for with good Mexican food. I would still recommend checking this place out, but try one of their other dishes for sure. 
But realistically, just don't get your hopes up for Mexican food in Philly. It's just not what you were hoping for.Great selection, heaping portions that are more than worth the price. Staff was kind and helpful with my partner, who has celiac and is gluten free. Brought us complimentary chips while we waited for our takeout. Most helpfully, only Mexican spot we found open at 10 AM in the area on a Sunday!As a vegetarian, I love that they have "Veggie" as one of the many options to choose from. I ordered a veggie burrito, which was very filling and delicious, and it came with a good portion of chips & guacamole. Also, not many restaurants have the lime flavored jarritos, so I was happy to see it listed. I will definitely be ordering from this restaurant again.This was one of our first meals in Philly. We wanted to try Honest Tom's, but they were closed. We walked a block over to Don Barriga and we were not disappointed. This place is awesome. Many vegetarian options. The food was fresh. The prices were good. The guacamole is worth getting. The vegetarian fajitas are great. They taste delicious and the portion is large enough to share and still have leftovers. I highly recommend eating here.This review is for delivery order. This is now our go to Mexican restaurant for delivery. We have ordered the shrimp burrito and chicken burrito multiple times and they are always great. The chips and guacamole that come on the side are a nice addition (and it doesn't cost extra).Their elote is delicious and instantly transported me back to south Texas. I will be back FOR SUREMuch better food and service than Loco Pez!!! Loved their enchiladas and quesadillas just don't ever order their coffee bcuz it's instant aka not coffee lolWent here after work on a Tuesday for some tacos. I've heard good things about Don Barriga and wanted to check it out. The place is colorfully decorated, with traditional Mexican artifacts and paintings--which I loved. It was clean and the staff was very friendly. I ordered tacos de lengua and the lengua was tasty and seasoned well. My friend ordered enchiladas Rojas and she enjoyed them and said they were very flavorful. We also hard a torta de res and it came with very crunch fries which were great--just missing a little bit of salt, but I didn't mind. I also took a piece of tres leche cake home and it was good. Definitely will be coming back and telling friends about it.Awesome Mexican at a fair price. Enchiladas verdes, chille relleno, nachos, tacos, burritos are all favorites in our house.What is there not to love about this place? I have already been here a handful of times and every time I have been impressed. Not only it looks great and the staff is friendly, their food is delicious. I have tried a variety of dishes - from tacos, burritos and gorditas - to a very surprising find in the chuletas ahumadas (smoked pork chops) which were to die for! Everyone I have come with has enjoyed as much as me: my girlfriend, her parents, my friends...it just never disappoints. So please do yourself a favor and give this new restaurant in West Philly a chance!Disclaimer: this was the grand opening and my hunch is that they had no idea of the deluge of the good people of West Philly that they were going to receive, ready to eat tacos. With all of that being said, suffice it to say we arrived at 2 pm and were served our meal at 6. Somewhere around 5 they taped a sign to the front door to turn away customers for the next two hours. This place offers sit down table service as well as take out. That might have been a big part of the jam up because people were steadily placing take out orders while the numbers in the restaurant kept increasing. I had compassion on all of the hard working people who were trying to keep their head above water. Our food, when it finally arrived was decent. I ordered the Alambres (cooked with bacon and red bell peppers, onions, mozzarella served with beans and rice). I couldn't really find or taste the bacon. The avocado was fresh. My kid ordered the enchiladas Rojas. They were good. We did get an order of the pastel tres leches that was delicious...creamy, milky, cakey goodness. Four stars for the good effort of a first day. After things settle down I will definitely be back to try more.Delicious food! Fresh ingredients and delicious guacamole! Delivery was quick and easy, especially during COVID-19. Definitely will be back after social distancing is over to try the rest of the menu!Fantastic food. The mole enchiladas are enormous and incredibly tasty. I come here often and highly recommend this jointtl;dr a welcoming Mexican cafe serving up large, flavorful platters of classic eats
The team behind Don Barriga fills the vacant doors of the 45th St pharmacy, last occupied by a well-attended brunch-ery. Despite the big shoes to fill, Don Barriga does not disappoint. The exterior and interior redecorations revive the space's flair, while the pandemic-safe outdoor setup takes advantage of the wide sidewalk on Spruce. My partner and I capped off our recent bike ride with a trip to Don Barriga. With the wonderful weather, we opted to eat outside. Be warned -- the outdoor seating was open to the elements and might not be too enjoyable on a brisk winter day.
It's the simple touches that make Don Barriga stand out. Service was prompt without feeling overbearing. The chips and salsa (on the house!) get things started on the ideal note. The chips maintain a nice balance between crisp and sturdy, while the red and green salsa each tote a pleasant depth of flavor. For entrees, I chose the Shrimp Sope, while my partner decided upon the Chicken Mole Enchiladas. The plates run shockingly large. I was basically rolling home afterward. And it's not all just filler -- my sope was a pizza-sized wheel of fried masa, slathered with refried beans and sprinkled with large grilled shrimp. My only critique was that, alone, the dish ran on the dry side, but adding some salsa (and some leftover mole sauce) quickly fixed that. Meanwhile, my partner's (4) enchiladas were bursting with chicken and generously bathed in a sweet-and-savory mole sauce. While I could imagine that a full platter of mole sauce would be overwhelmingly umami, splitting half of it was the perfect amount of richness.
At ~$30 for two after tax and tip, Don Barriga is an affordable dine-in option certainly worth the investment of the short walk out of University City.Yelped this place before going in and thought it would be decent ish with the 4 star average rating. But it was NOT the case. I ordered Gordita with pork. The pork, which was recommended by the server, taste really really weird and had a lot of fat pieces in it. This is probably the worst Mexican food I've ever had. However, the service is okay, so I gave it a 2 stars. Would not come backSecond time ever at Don Barriga, and this time it was to satisfy a burrito craving. While my partner wasn't dazzled when he tried one several months ago, I'm happy to not have let that deter me, because the vegetarian burrito is pretty fantastic. Huge, served with a generous dollop of guacamole and tortilla chips too, this is easily two delicious meals for me. The awesomeness was enough to bump my rating from an initial 4 stars to a full 5!
Also, can't neglect to mention the great service during COVID19 restrictions. On a Friday night, here was one table being served indoors, one outside, and a row of takeout orders waiting to be picked up  - they're understandably busy, which will hopefully keep them around for many years to come!Vegetarians/Vegans beware: The first question I ask at any Mexican restaurant is if the beans or rice were made with chicken/beef stock, lard, or other animal products aside from dairy. The waitress I asked the first time I went here said absolutely not. When I received the vegetarian burrito I was skeptical, but she assured me it was fine. Tonight I went a second time and had a different waitress. She confirmed my suspicions and the rice is indeed made with chicken stock. Will not be returning.Let me tell you, I thought I had found the best Mexican spot in the city until one day I stumbled upon Don Barriga. AMAZING food, AMAZING price, and all of the staff are incredible. One of my top Mexican restaurants of allFirst time eating at this establishment by way of a coworkers suggestion. I was very pleased at the portions and the food was delicious! I would most definitely return and would like to be able to eat in. We ordered to go and the wait time was not long. They have limited outdoor seating which is a plus. Staff are courteous and very friendly.Really awesome Mexican place near Penn. Portion sizes are enormous and everything was just right to my taste. Nothing was salty or sweet or too spicy. The steak was a little tough and all the vegetables were pretty fresh although there weren't a lot. I would say the rice was a bit more than expected and I would have liked a little bit more protein. Tortilla bread was chewy and the texture was great. Steak was an extra one dollar charge as well as the avocado. The shop is really cozy inside and outside as well. Definitely coming back here again!They've been one of my staple pandemic takeout meals. They've expanded their outdoor dining, which I will take advantage of soon. The portions are super generous. I'm obsessed with the red salsa (it's hottttt!!). My go to are the nachos or the Alambre Hawaiian.The California steak burrito comes with fresh made guacamole and homemade tortilla chips and on the side salsa verde and salsa picante! For about $10, it's the best, cheap, and quality made Mexican food around west Philly! As a girl who is from California, where Mexican food is delicious, I definitely approve of this place and I am regular customer!If you're reading the reviews and see low ratings then it is probably attributed to opening day or people who just don't appreciate good Mexican food. 
I've been here twice now (opening day and last Sunday) and I can assure you the food here is legit. The enchiladas rojas are delicious and the horchata is the real deal. You can be certain you're going to get a good meal when you sit down and I know I'll be back plenty in the future.Food was absolutely phenomenal! I would come back for the nachos alone. I also highly suggest the burrito and adding shrimp. I will certainly be back and will be bringing friends along next time!The chips and salsa were good. We also had the guacamole, which was good. I had the chicken enchiladas and the sauce tasted like it was from a can. It was edible, but not very good or at least not worth going out and spending money on. My husband had the cactus salad, which was too salty and had too many raw onions. Overall the service was nice but the food tasted like a lot of short cuts were made, bringing down the overall quality. There are many lovely Mexican restaurants in the city, so I wouldn't come here again.Absolutely incredible. Some of the most authentic Mexican IVE ever had. The food was so fresh and filling. Most definitely going back!!This place is sooo good, the people that work here are amazing and the portions are BIG !!! Very high quality, authentic Mexican. Have ordered here many, many times and have never been let down.Y'all better come on through with the authentic Mexican food! I meant to stop by here on opening night but once I heard how crazy the crowd was decided to wait for a few weeks till things died down. Well the crowd didn't die down which is a good problem to have! The menu was a bit hard to read; there were like a hundred items on there, I kid you not. and I know my eyesight is starting to fail me but the text on menu was super small so I literally had to screenshot the menu and zoom in on it LOL
Besides my vision issues, the food itself was fantastic. 
I kept it simple for the first time eating there, and ordered veggie burrito for my wife and a beef burrito for myself. it was a pretty solid burrito, but the thing stuck out the most is that each order came with a side of guac and chips. You can't beat that.Was pretty underwhelmed by the flavors in my Milanesa de res. The platter barely had any beans, mostly rice, and the actually meat was pounded down to where there was hardly a sliver of meat deep fried in flavorless coating and not much of anything. With a tortilla and salsa, though, was able to make it taste a little palatable, but not something I'd get again. This place is ofter packed for dinner, so some people must be enjoying their meals, but the times I've gone, I haven't tried anything that I want to get again.Amazing food and fantastic service!! They were so accommodating and helpful. Highly suggest getting catering from this place.Great food, good portion size and amazing tamales especially!! Really enjoyed the Barriga tacos, they're phenomenal! Order was one time too which was ideal as I was doing pick up. Great serviceI work at Penn and decided to try them out havent had good mexican food since leaving California then BAM .I love your food so much the corn the alambre the mexican corn I make sounds the whole time im eating  the corn yummm the pastel tres leches.I think I died and went to heaven .   
          Sometimes its 2x a week.. You want good mexican food u gotta go here .....WondaExcellent food, terrible service. I came in for lunch, it wasn't busy, the servers made it seem like I was inconveniencing them to even ask to sit down and eat.
The burrito I had was superb for $10.80 with tax, but based on the service I probably wouldn't bother coming back.SO happy West Philly now has a comprehensive Mexican restaurant! We know how great tacos and burritos are, but this is the place to go for some of the less mainstream options. When dining in, you're given a bowl of chips that are as thick and crunchy as a good fried restaurant chip should be, along with some salsa verde and a hotter red salsa. The same salsas are given when getting take-out and go good with any dish you get, but I'm not sure if they give chips unless you order a dish that comes with them like a burrito. Regardless, the entrees are HUGE and will fill you up anyway.
The enchiladas with mole easily provides two meals for me, and I love the fresh cheese and mole sauce it's served with. It's the only mole I've tried, but I am CAPTIVATED by that unique, smoky, slightly sweet flavor. I've also had a torta sandwich with breaded chicken and chipotle, which is hefty and tasty and comes with a generous topping of avocado. It comes with fries, but I might try asking for chips instead next time. There's plenty more on the menu I haven't tried and I look forward to doing so!We love this place!! Great food and great service. I highly recommend the breakfast burrito with chorizoWe just moved to Philadelphia and were feeling some Mexican food and were super pleased with Don Barriga Mexican Grill. I got a chicken burrito which was fantastic. Comes with guacamole, had great contents and was super delicious. My wife had a quesadilla that she described as heavenly. The tortilla was thick freshly made rather than something off the shelf. We also split an order of nachos which had real cheese and ingredients well dispersed (not just piled on top). Excited to make this a go-to spot when I'm feeling a big lunch. Note that they were pretty busy for lunch on a weekend during COVID so if you're picking up, order ahead.I'm sorry to give this such a low review. The chicken burrito I tried a couple months ago was definitely food. The chicken was cooked to a safe temperature and it was wrapped in a tortilla, but that's about all I can say for it.
The item contained shredded chicken and rice and cheese and an occasional sliver of sad lettuce, but no beans and definitely nothing else. The chicken was flavorless. The whole thing was topped with a squiggle of sour cream (why?!) and what seemed to be cotija cheese (again, why?!), making it impossible to eat with my hands, which is what I expect to be able to do with a burrito unless otherwise indicated by the menu. I had to load it up with Valentina hot sauce to make it edible, and at that point the only flavor in it was Valentina. There is more flavor in a Taco Bell burrito--and geez, it pains me to say that in a review of a Mexican restaurant. (Yes, yes, I know burritos are not Mexican. But the flavors typically are.)
It came with fresh tortilla chips, which were nicely fried, and guacamole, which was good if a little too lime-forward.
Perhaps some other menu items are better. The pictures certainly look good.I've heard lots of great news about this place, and since it was on my way home I decided to pop by. It was pretty empty for lunch time, but I guess it's more of a dinner place than anything considering its location. I got tacos al pastor and flan, two things I consider when trying a new place out. The flavors and texture of the pastor were amazing, but it definitely felt like it was lazily butchered and I was upset by the lack of pineapple. The flan also seemed like the custard broke before baking, leaving it a bit grainy. I would definitely come back though since all the flavors were there and sometimes you catch people on an off day.This food is authentic and delicious! For dinner, we ordered a steak quesadilla and chile rellenos. Both tasted like my mother-in-law made them (who is from Mexico). The chile relleno is a full meal. It comes with 2. chiles rellenos, rice and bean, extra tortillas, aguacate and queso. The steak quesadilla was large and tasted like the ones we had last time we were in visiting my in laws in Guadalajara. This place is the real deal. We will return and 100% recommend!Don Barriga is our favorite local go-to Mexican place. The food is reliable and decently priced, and the staff works very hard! I really like their rice and beans, and their guacamole is always delicious and much cheaper than many other restaurants. (Once I was so disappointed with takeout vegan nachos from another local restaurant that I got Don Barriga guac, rice, and beans to add to it--they saved my meal!!!) 
My partner also loves their veggie burritos. You can order directly from their website, and there are convenient options to select "no cheese" "no sour cream" etc since we can't eat dairy. Tip for anyone else in the same boat--the green sauce has dairy, but the spicy red one does not! Many of their items can be made with veggies (mostly sautéed bell peppers) instead of meat or cheese. Don Barriga is a great spot with great veggie options!We enjoyed our dinner at Don Barriga's.
For the food, I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:
**** Green enchiladas with pastor: Pastor meat was tasty & tender. Came with 4 enchiladas. Generous portions.
***^ Mole with chicken leg: Chicken was stringy, but Mole sauce was delicious. 
***^ Horchata is pleasing.
**** Nacho chips are fresh and crispy, served with flavourful salsas.
If you're in West Philly looking for Mexican food, I'd recommend Don Barriga's.I had a taste for some authentic Mexican food and Don Barriga Mexican Grill was the closest to my job to check out for lunch. 
I was craving nachos, so I placed my order and less than 10 minutes my food was ready.
The nachos were pretty and colorful to look at. It had chorizo, veggies and mozzarella on it. They really packed a lot of indgredients and it was delicious in the beginning however since I couldn't finish all my lunch in one sitting, I decided to save the rest for dinner. 
When I had my nachos later on, I noticed they were soggy and lost their crispness so my only gripe is that I prefer a thicker kind of nacho tortilla. If they were thicker it would've been fire!
Overall I look forward to trying other items on their menu. Service was fast, affordable and friendly!Elated to have a place that does tortas. Great service, even when its busy, never feel forgotten. Food is always delicious.I can't believe it's taken me so long to write this review. My only excuse is that every single time I want to write a review, I've already devoured my entire meal and have no pictures to show, but this time I made the effort to take a photo before engorging. 
My absolute favorite thing on the menu is their chicken tacos, as simple as that sounds (for the record chicken is the only protein I eat on their menu, so I can't judge their others). The chicken is always well seasoned and flavorful, the meat is not dry.  The tacos are loaded and not shy with the amount of chicken per taco. They are served with limes, radishes and cucumbers and 2 salsas (one mild green salsa and a red smokey spicy salsa). The salsas are both perfection, incredibly flavorful and add such a nice touch to the tacos. 
Their nachos are also delicious. I used to love the nachos at Loco Pez, and don't get me wrong they're still a great option especially on happy hour. But Don Barrigas I find more flavorful, and very generous portions just like Loco Pez. There was a time that my husband and I were starving, so we both ordered an entree and nachos for an appetizer. Once the delivery arrived, we both literally laughed out loud because the nachos were huge - neither of us even got to dig in to our entrees.  My hubby also said he loves their chicken enchiladas.
Highly recommend Don Barrigas for your Mexican food cravings. Their service is always friendly too! Can't wait to go back and eat more and try more items... if I can resist their tacos.I love this place ! 
2 blocks from my apartment , friendly staff , good service , food is great , reasonably priced. 
I've been three times already and it's my favorite Mexican place.Great food for decent prices! The portions are really big for about $10 a dish. Pretty authentic Mexican food. They give each table chips and salsa if you're dining in and the service is great.Really excited to see an authentic Mexican restaurant come to the area! Went there the other day and the food was delicious. We had enchiladas de mole (really great mole!), chilaquiles (amazing salsa verde), and a torta (loved all the toppings). It was super filling and lasted a couple of meals (we got takeout). Also had the horchata and tres leches--the best we've had in Philly! The service was also really great and we're excited to go back and support this new business.Drove past this place while on my way to run an errand with a friend. Decided to eat here since we had time, I ordered apple juice and the pork spruce st tacos. They did not have apple juice but they had apple soda. I never had apple soda and it was amazing!!! The tacos were fresh. I liked the chips and salsa they give you in the beginning. The waiter was also nice and friendly. Would definitely come back whenever I'm in the West part of philly!!!Delicious platters and tacos for really cheap. However, compared to all the great taco places nearby, the dishes were very average in terms of taste and value. 
On the other hand, will definitely be coming back here for BYOs. It has nice service and a great chill ambience.They just recently opened and as a neighbor I went and loved it! Family friendly atmosphere, big portions and it is so cheap/ affordable! The food served has a home cooked vibe to it making it even better. I highly recommend this place!I really enjoyed my lunch! I love authentic Mexican food and I'm sure I'll be here again. Staff was lovely as well.Bottom line: the people that love this restaurant probably never had Mexican food on Olvera Street in Los Angeles. This place has rude waitresses and subpar food. Still, I will give respect when it is due -the nachos were decent.Climbing up to Don Barriga from 40th street, I was pleasantly surprised by the low, low prices for what everyone said was amazing food. With free chips and salsa greeting us as we waited for our food, I was excited for the main meal solely based on the amazing spice and taste of the tortilla chips and red/green salsa. 
The mole sauce enchilada was solid - chicken a bit dry, mole sauce was a bit weird for me, the beans and rice complimenting the amount of mole sauce spread on the plate. The portions were extremely generous and I would 100% ask others to go back with me to try the other menu items.