I can't imagine a sweeter breakfast than a plump apple fritter and a hot cup of Elixir coffee--they are sublime together.  The best duo for any Monday morning!their doughuts are decent, not great.  the apple fritter is the best thing they sell. the doughnuts are just too chewy,  almost somewhere between a bagel and a doughnut. the canoli dougnut tasted like it was filled with food processed tofu, gritty,  not sweet or creamy.  
the doughnuts are also extremely expensive. about 3 bucks a piece or more. you get a discount if you buy a dozen but even then it is about 33 bucks for 12 doughnuts. considering i have seen the owners buying ingredients at Aldi, they should not be this expensive. just because something is vegan does not mean it should be grossely overpriced for that reason alone.  
all this being said, it is nice to have a vegan doughnut shop, i jusy think the doughnuts need some texture work and the Aldi ingredients should pull the prices down a bit.Was excited to hear they opened just prior to my trip to Philly. Got a mixed 1/2 dozen and they did not disappoint. Boston Cream was my favorite!
Support Vegan Businesses!These are some of the most legit donuts ever. I had no clue they were vegan until I began writing this review. The texture is soft, chewy, doughy, light and perfect. Complementary to the filling. We had the Boston cream and peanut butter stuffed Donuts. 
First bite -we thought the texture and dough of the doughnut was amazing- but then we had the creamy delectable filling. Oh my damn. I had hearts in my eyes- the sheer perfection of that one bite. 
Til today- thought doughnut plant was legit, Dottie's is  better. 
Til we meet again Dottie, til we meet again.Dottie's Donuts is a really cute, really pink space near University City. I would definitely say that this donut shop is worth the hype and deserves the numerous accolades they've received. Vegan pastries are no easy feat, especially donuts, and Dottie's seems to have perfected their recipe. Their vegan donuts are comparable to some of the better non-vegan donuts I've tried. I'd definitely follow suit on another reviewers recommendation to get the donuts fresh out of the fryer-it makes a huge difference in the taste and texture of the donut. I decided to be a donut purist at Dottie's and tried the classic vanilla glaze- still warm and perfectly fluffy on the inside and a nice light crisp on the outside. Next time I go, I'm eager to try some of the more adventurous donut flavors and their coffee!Before I start this review I just want the reader to know that this coming from a true donuts lover. I've had a bout a million up to this point of every bake and glaze, and my tastebuds are less than forgiving.
The Dottie's vegan donut is huge and delicious but unfortunately a little too soft for me. I found it difficult to handle and just wasn't blown by the famous vegan donut. That said Dottie's is a great place to hang around if your okay with supplying your own source of WiFi. They have Elixr coffee which has an option of endless refills if you drink in house.Donuts are just ok. The flavor was pretty good but the texture was tough and chewy. Maybe it was because I went there in the afternoon and they weren't that fresh, but in that case, why sell semi-stale donuts? Really wanted to love this spot, maybe I'll try it again sometime but my first visit was definitely a let down.A neighborhood shop that specializes in 100% VEGAN donuts? It's about TIME! I stopped in one day while running some errands in my (relatively) new neighborhood and while I don't remember which kind of donut I had, I DO remember it being quite delicious, as was the iced coffee I got to accompany it.  As my best friend has been a vegan since birth, I am ALWAYS in search of new and exciting places to go for food if she ever comes to visit; on that note, I will DEFINITELY take her to Dottie's!I had been craving doughnuts and being dairy free hadn't found much outside Philly. I had the vanilla glazed doughnut and it is so good--crispy and soft at the same time. Next time I'll get more than one!Yes. Just yes. The donuts are light and fluffy and dangerously yummy. They have so many great flavor combinations, I wish I could enjoy them more often. I also live that they sell their baked goodies at other coffee shops in West Philly. Definitely worth a visit!All Vegan Doughnuts! Say no more! So delicious! Definitely get the Thai Tea flavor if available! We all fought over those. I'll cut you for one-trust!We hit Dotties as part of our summer donut tour, and really wanted to love them. But vegan donuts just aren't our thing. The flavors were just a little to unique for us. The store was clean and quiet. The staff was polite. 
Parking was a challenge for us, we ended up having to walk a couple blocks.I was hoping to love Dottie's (vegan donuts!) but unfortunately I found their texture wanting, and their flavors average. 
I came to pick up a few donuts at around 4:00pm on a Sunday (they close at 7:00pm), and they had five options to chose from: vanilla, chocolate, and thai tea (all frosted), raspberry sugar, and cinnamon sugar. I wasn't excited about any of the five, but I'd traveled out of the way to make it to Dottie's so I picked three (chocolate, thai tea, and raspberry). 
When trying them later everyone agreed that chocolate was the best, but that the texture was detracting. The raspberry sugar was very similar to the fed donuts raspberry sugar (which I've had in the past and therefore couldn't help but compare it to) which probably made my assessment of it even worse by contrast. 
To be fair to Dottie's it seems like they have much more universally loved donuts in their rotation (which I wish I'd been able to try), however as a donut shop with three hours left in the business day, I would have hoped that they might have had more options, or at least something warm out of the oven.I went to Dottie's Donuts for the second time yesterday, and the donuts were better than I remembered (& they were pretty amazing the first time)! They had just made them when I walked in, and wow, they were perfect! I ended up getting a little over a 1/2 dozen of both chocolate frosted and vanilla frosted. These donuts are so light and fluffy/airy; it is hard to describe the texture, but they are perfect! & these donuts are pretty big too. I've been so happy to see vegan donuts popping up lately, and Dottie's does not disappoint. I also love that Dottie's isn't too far from Penn, as I can come here more often :). 
I also want to add that both of the people that work here that I have interacted with were extremely kind and friendly.
I would give Dottie's more than 5 stars if I could!These donuts are AMAZING! We tried the glazed, cookie butter, cinnamon bun and apple fritter. All four were gone quickly and tasted delicious. Just the right amount of sweetness and we were pumped about them being vegan! We'll be back!Go nuts for donuts!! Yes! My prayers for vegan sweets have been answered! Philly's 1st vegan donut shop is here! Dotties donuts is a donut wholesale business. They have been selling their speciality vegan donuts in local cafe in Philly for a while, now they finally have their own store! 
Definitly came early! I was there around 11am on a Sat, and they were out of filled donuts because they ran out of filling :( But its okay, because I ended up getting the last almond joy :) Also, they package donuts in pizza boxes when you buy 1/2 dozen or more. Super deceiving haha because my friend thought it was really pizza then realized that donuts are better lol
They have different flavors based on day/week, so be sure their check out their instagram @dottiedonuts. Honestly, i recommdend all the flavors haha they are soo good! You can't even tell its vegan! The dough is so fluffy, airy and chew. Perfection. Really love the matcha cocao flavor, it was still warm when I bite into it. 
The price comparable to Federal donuts, but I actually like dotties better because donuts size is bigger and flavors are more prominent. 
Will definitly come back to try the filled donuts!Best donuts I've ever had!!! Wow, and with their coffee, it's a perfect combination. This is coming from someone who rarely has either!!!I had the blueberry peanut butter? It was a dense donut with a good chew to it. I like the chew, but it was pretty hefty. You can probably use it as a pillow and it won't sink in like most pillow. The ingredients were high quality and the taste was on point. It wasn't too sweet and in your face, after each bite I could taste peanut butter and a hint of blueberry. I'd stop by if I was in the area again.I absolutely love Dottie's! Such a quaint little spot in Philly with freshly baked vegan donuts. Customer service is always super friendly too! These are cake donuts; the base has almost a cinnamon/apple spice-ish flavor to me, which I enjoy. They aren't too heavy and Dottie's is always coming up with creative flavors. I love logging onto Instagram in the morning and seeing what they have in store each day. I also appreciate that they post when certain donuts are sold out. 
My favorites are the almond joy, PB cookie and Strawberry Jam. My suggestion would be to add
more stuffed donuts - we love them!I was a fan of Dottie's Donuts even before they got their own storefront. While the location is a bit out of the way for me, I like having it as an option. The store carries more flavors than they sell wholesale, plus an array of pastries (the apple fritter is out-of-this-world!)
The donuts are, of course, delish and there is a bit of seating if you want to eat-in. They only have soy creamer for coffee, so just be aware, especially if you are the half-n-half lovin' kind. There's no distinct sign outside the place, so just look for people exiting a building carrying pizza boxes and you'll know you're in the right place!APPLE FRITTER. Warm out of the fryer with big chunks of apple and cinnamony swirl goodness. Why hasn't anyone mentioned these? They are soooo goood! The donuts are tasty but that fritter...oh my.Best vanilla donut  I ever had, you can tell the ingredients are high quality and the consistency of the donut is a wonderful combination between a cake and a croissant, chewy and fluffy at the same time and the icing melts in your mouth, perfect!Honestly some of the best donuts I've ever had!!! We went out of our way to go here and it was so worth it. Staff was super nice and friendly, the interior was killer and the Boston creme was life changing! Stop in, you will not be disappointed!!!I'm not sure how a fresh baked donut shop serving quality donuts, a relaxed vibe complimented by friendly, knowledgeable staff at Dottie's can earn less than 4 stars but I suppose there's the time and place wildcard.  I visited on a Saturday and Sunday early afternoon, still peak donut time, and found the place in charge of it's legacy.These donuts are worth every penny!!!! My first time there I got two donuts, not realizing how big they were until I paid and walked out the store. I was going to save one but....‍ Definitely coming back!Really cool place and interesting concept, super fresh donuts served hot, just wish they had more toppings and flavors!10/10 will always recommend. Their donut dough is nice and fluffy but also chewy and they have great flavors both classic and funky. 
Served with elixir coffee this makes eating a donut a religious experience. Follow them on social media to learn about the special donut of the day. 
And if you want to follow my donut adventures check #donutdebutante on InstagramI wanted to like this place. I was super excited to try it. But, I left underwhelmed. Both the pink & chocolate frostings tasted super artificial and overly sweet. A couple of the other donuts were a bit stale. The best one, in my opinion was the strawberry/peppercorn. The cinnamon sugar one wasn't that bad either. The rest of them I could have done without. Maybe I'm just spoiled by Vegan Treats? Who knows. They were also out of water so they gave my husband the dusty, room temperature one off the display. I tried my luck with the Thai tea, but I couldn't finish it. We probably wouldn't go back, which is unfortunate because I love supporting vegan businesses.Overrated. I feel like somehow the owners made it "trendy" to eat/namedrop Dottie's Donuts, for vegans and non-vegans alike. But that's about it. I'm confused by the appeal of/praise for Dottie's Donuts - especially for non-vegans. Every donut tastes almost exactly the same. 
Dottie's gets an A for effort, though; They try make their donut flavors creative and diverse, and its all a really cool idea. It's just not well-executed. A matcha-iced donut? Sounds awesome, right? Unfortunately, it tastes almost exactly the same as a coconut-iced donut...or a non-iced apple cinnamon donut, etc. etc. It's a bit confusing.
I'm sure its probably more difficult to make the flavors pop since their donuts are 100% vegan. I also feel like I need to qualify that even as a non-vegan, I'm not one of those I-refuse-to-like-this-because-it's-vegan non-vegans. I regularly eat vegan food. I haven't had any other vegan donuts - but I've had some goood vegan baked goods. Nit-picky here, but the icing is always too sweet, and the donuts' dough is very dense. I'm not a fan of that.
I used to get a Dottie's pretty often at the Green Line Cafe across the street from my house whenever I needed a last minute grab-and-go breakfast but I'm sick of being disappointed (lol). 
My neighborhood's many local businesses, backed up by a ton of community support, are some of the things that make my neighborhood such a warm, home-y place - so I do wish this business all the best. Dottie's, I really wanted to like you.These donuts were amazing!!! So tastie place looks very clean and donuts are made fresh. I lived the glazed and the Thai donuts.Dottie's Donuts have very cool and interesting flavors. I have often seen them at different cafe's that bring in donuts from Dottie's. The flavors I got were Thai tea, chocolate PB, Chocolate chip with Strawberry filling, Matcha & Pistachio, Strawberry, and Cinnamon.
When I went in, the donuts seemed to be fresh off the press. The donuts were doughy and fluffier in texture than your typical donuts. Their dough also has this cinnamon like flavor that sometimes masks the flavor of the toppings, which is a downside to me because I was very interested in the toppings of the donuts. The donuts, nonetheless, were delicious and also bigger than your typical donuts.
Location/Store: Dottie's Donuts is sort of tucked away in West Philly next to an auto repair shop and in a residential neighborhood. It's not where your typical donut shop is located. Inside the shop, the counters and store in general is very clean. There were a couple of people in the shop when I came in around 12pm. It was not busy at all. 
I would high suggest this place if you want to try some interestingly flavored donuts!What a complete Joy to find this coffee/pasterie shop serving local roasted coffee and ALL vegan pastries..!  Was referred to Dottie's by another coffee shop and couldn't be happier. The first Boston cream donut I've been able to have in the last ten to fifteen years. Absolute fabtastic! My wife says it's the best Boston cream donut she's ever had!
We also got the apple fritter, which was equally as good. They put large chunks of Apple in the fritter that somehow enhances the flavor in magical ways...
Definitely worth a visit...10 out of 5 stars - how do they make these donuts taste so good?!? And first dairy-free latte I've EVER had with art in the foam. You are missing out if you don't come here. Seriously amazing!One of the best! New flavors are always coming out and they never seem to disappoint. They update their Instagram account regularly with new creations and the daily flavors. Today I tried the birthday cake donut and it was their best one yet. The coffee is very good too. Everything they serve is vegan.Delicious & full of flavor! Pricey but for a treat definitely worth it! I love soft airy doughnuts VS cake like. No sign so it's very easy to drive past.First off you don't have to be a vegan to enjoy these donuts. You would never know that they are vegan when you eat them. The donuts are larger than normal and more on the doughy side. The have a great selection flavors, none of them are overpowering when you eat them. Just the right amount to a create a delicious donut. Worth the trip and the price of a donut.These donuts are totally magic. The vegan thing is just a side perk, as I'd stand these up next to any other donut I've had. Definitely do yourself a favor and give them a try.Delish! The texture is different than any other donut I tasted and I quite enjoyed that. It was very soft and the flavor I had, with its mix of peanut butter and oreo crumbs, was just perfect. I found these fluffy donuts to be larger than their Federal Donuts counterparts, and that was a definite plus considering they were about $3 a piece.Another successful vegan donut adventure. I got the maple frosted strawberry jelly filled and chocolate frosted pistachio. Both frostings were flavorful and not too sweet and the strawberry jelly was sweet and fruity. Thai tea was a nice unexpected surprise on the menu also.You must go to Dottie's Donuts! My favorites so far is the Boston cream, and lemon poppy. I've had at least six flavored of donuts and I couldn't go wrong with any of them. Come early so you get the best choices. I just wish they didn't close at 3:00 PM. I would go there after work everyday .Had the Oreo donut.  Delicious!  You can't even tell that these have no eggs or any other dairy in them.  Whether you are Vegan or not, you'll love the donuts.If someone thought that best donuts are not vegan... well, they are! Plus delicious Thai iced tea.Wonderful to have a vegan donut shop in Philly! and.. it's incredible - wide range of choices - great coffee!! very friendly staff! Best donuts I ever had!!thai tea: amazing!!!
the donuts? really nasty. i couldn't even finish it. i got the pink donut and the texture is so bad and the frosting was gross. dunkin donuts is better than this!trekked here one hot summer day with a vegan friend!!! the shop itself is small but cute. i love the flavors they have here; i got the green tea sugar (something like that) and hibiscus flavored donuts but their other stuff looked good too. bit more on the pricey side and the donuts are a bit more fluffy and chewy than dense but pretty good overall!!The girl scratched her hair and put her hand inside my bag to open it. Then the donuts went in.Super excited to try this place. We got the cinnamon and sugar, vanilla glazed and chocolate PB and oreo donuts. We also got an everything bagel with veggie cream cheese. I'm not a fan of yeast donuts, but my husband danced with his cinn and sugar one. The flavors of the vanilla glazed and choc PB were good. The bagel was dry, but it had good flavor when paired with the cream cheese. Was a great way to end our Philly trip, and you should get there if you like yeast donuts.The donuts are good. Well not all of them, but most of them. However, there is no donut company in Philadelphia that has the courage to make thousands of different donuts except for Dottie's Donuts.
It's a pretty cool place to be honest!I love these donuts! Very fluffy and decently sized. Cashiers are always friendly. I haven't had a chance to try their filled donuts yet but am looking forward to it. It is a little pricey but is a great way to treat yourself at the end of a hard week. Their Thai Tea is also good!These donuts are simply amazing.  My non vegan relatives could not tell that they were eating vegan donuts.  My aunt absolutely loved the Boston cream, and the apple fritter is a slice of heaven.It's finally opened! So lucky to live around the corner from philly's first vegan donut shop. My favorites are the classic cinnamon bun and plain glazed ring, but they also have some very inventive flavors like a macha-pistachio that was very flavorful. 
In addition to donuts, they also have bagels with vegan spreads (but they make you spread it on yourself and only give you a tiny cup) and full coffee bar (iced coffee is kinda weak).This place is adorable. Delicious vegan donuts and the Thai Tea is a must. Definitely worth the extra time in the gym.I went last Sunday with a few friends to check out the hype. It's not that far from where I live and if you're not careful you may end up passing it as it has no huge sign for advertising. I think each day has a different selection of donuts to choose from. The place was tiny, with only one cashier, and basically empty as the store was closing in 20 minutes. I ended up getting a chocolate donut while my friends got two. They cashier ended up giving us free donuts as the store was closing, so we only paid for half if the donuts we actually bought. This was my first vegan donut and it was really, chewier than a regular donut. I would've given it four stars but I'm not a fan of flies landing all over food. I will definitely be back again!These donuts were AMAZING!!!! Absolutely loved each one we tried. The raspberry lemonade was my favorite. 
Bagel & cream cheese are not recommended, but every type of donut was remarkable. Please give them a shot!the best donuts !!!!!dunkin donuts need to go back to the drawing board , because these donuts are the best on the planet and they are vegan! omg! delicious! i encourage people who are not vegan to try dotties donuts you won't be disappointed!Environment: A little cramped, but super friendly atmosphere around! Definitely a great West Philly local hit-up spot. I honestly prefer this over Beiler's but that is only because of my preference for vegan options.
Service: Great service, no complaints, never hesitant to help you out with decisions or at the cash-register.
Price: Very reasonable!What can I say vegan doughnuts. The best now in the shop. Also coffee so smooth Express so nice rich Bold Flavor. Love the donuts fluffy sweet but not too sweet. Great flavors all different kinds.....Before being vegan I was never a donut enthusiast; I'm more of a pie, cookie, muffin, brownie person. These donuts were delicious though. We tried the Boston cream, chocolate glazed, and an Apple fritter (my favorite). 4/5 stars is because the service wasn't too pleasant. We weren't welcomed with a hello or can I help you. The workers seem too "hipster" or had the too cool to care vibe. Coffee was good but nothing special.This place is great when your sweet tooth won't stop begging! I'm lucky that I live just close enough to grab a donut whenever I want, but I'm far enough not to eat them everyday(because I probably would). I'm not a fan of all their flavors, but the apple fritter is great! The vanilla glaze and chocolate frosted are better than most of the non-vegan versions I've had. I also love the fact that they always have an interesting variety of flavors.I've been planning on visiting since I found out they opened a store front a month ago. Dottie's is by far my favorite vegan dessert company in Philly. The staff was super friendly and helpful! Very happy with my visit. The blueberry lemon and raspberry sugar donuts are my favorite.It is so great to have this place right up the street from our house (and maybe dangerous...) because this place is great! So happy to see a donut place pop up in West Philly...and hope that it is here to stay.
I like their balance between innovative and classic flavors...and its hard to tell their vegan! 
We tried the lemon, vanilla glazed, and the boston creme. All were delicious and I would highly recommend them. I am looking forward to trying the rest!Meh. Nary a cake donut. How about maybe throw a park bench outside? And I just found out that there is no Dottie. Buzz killed.Magical. Great music. Real life cartoonishy good donuts. My partner and I come here a lot.
My favorite is Strawberry Rosewater, but I love trying different flavors.Being vegan gets easier each day in Philadelphia. Speaking on the Boston cream alone, it was one of the best donuts I've ever had, vegan or not. Cozy spot with good strong coffee, and while it's more than A Dunkin, it's well worth it.Yum Yum Yum. Nom Nom Nom.
These donuts are the BEST. The best part is their dough. It tastes like donuts used to taste back in the day. The flavors are the toppings and are not too sweet. Not like dessert. I adore these donuts and pay the extra to get them delivered because I haven't had a donut this good in decades!Loved this place!
Cute décor, cute friendly people, delicious donuts and beverages. 
We got Boston creme, elderberry frosted, and maple pecan. Hard to choose a favorite. 
The coffee and Thai iced tea were on point!Donuts are maybe my favorite treat in the world. And vegan donuts can be hard to come by. Dottie's are delicious - light and flakier than other vegan donuts I've had. The staff were all very nice. 
I don't think these have the standard preservatives that mainstream donuts have. If you buy them in the morning they'll be stale by the next day. So buy same-day for events, parties, etc.It doesn't matter if you are vegan or not, you are going to love this place. Space is not to big, so I guess is mostly a to go store. Donuts are great, vegan, hand-made. So far the best in the neighborhood. I need to come back and try the different styles they make.The flavors were unique but I  would choose Beilers over them. Especially since it's over priced we paid 15.00 for a half a dozen. It was a waste of calories. I'm not a vegan so it might be good for vegans.I'm often skeptical of vegan baked goods (many of my own botched baking experiments are to blame) but these donuts are great. They have a great texture and they're the perfect amount of chewy and flaky and warm and sugary. I've never had a bad donut here. I also like to talk to the staff, because they're always pleasant and friendly.I had only ever eaten Dottie's at Red Line Cafe, so I was very excited to be able to visit their actual location. Seating is scarce, so you're likely to have to get your doughnuts to-go. Had the Homer Simpson and it was AMAZING. Not too sweet and the texture was so spot-on. I also had a cold brew which was delicious as well. Next time I visit, I'm going to have to get a dozen, obviously. The two people who took my order were really friendly and seemed happy to be there!Hands down! Best. Vegan. Donut. Best donuts period. I was lucky enough to arrive when the apple fritters had just come out warm! I planned to save it for later but once I felt it, there was no chance. I will never eat another apple fritter from somewhere else again. The manager was extremely nice and friendly - all around GREAT business! I also had rave reviews from coworkers who I purchased the donuts for - ranging from "I couldn't tell it was vegan," to "I might not even eat regular donuts anymore...." Mission accomplished.Get there early, like seriously right when they open. If the apple fritter ain't ready yet, get a couple of whatever else looks good while you wait for 20 minutes for a hot fresh fritter. Seriously, it's that good... I mean they're all delish, especially when they are still hot, but the fritter is the best baked good I've eaten this year(it's fried but still counts as a baked good/pastry) which is saying a lot because I ate my way through Paris France this year and didn't abide by vegan rules... It may even be the best thing I ate this year period. Eat the fritter!This place was only a walk away from Clark Park. The donut was absolutely fantastic and somehow it didn't feel obnoxiously sweet the way a lot of vegan donuts do. I got a Peanut Butter Chocolate Oreo and it was HUGE so worth the price. I also got a bagel which was a dud- too difficult to chew, took me like 20 minutes to finish. The vegan cream cheese though was AWESOME. Got the chili garlic flavor for a kick. Got it to go so I had leftover!!I am not a vegan but the donuts here really taste fantastic.  The service is also very friendly and helpful. My only gripe, the donuts are stored in an uncovered rack off to the side while awaiting serving to unknowingly customers. This can not be a safe and healthy food handling practice. It's a shame because otherwise this would be a five star review, but I can no longer purchase products that are stored in that manner.  So I guess if this doesn't bother you, eat on and enjoy!Very yummy donuts that all will like-vegan or not.  What's the secret to fluff let vegan donuts?! Location is easy to get to, and the store has a sign above it now. Would love to return.Friends and I got the Thai, Vanilla, Chocolate and Raspberry sprinkled donuts. I had part of the chocolate and raspberry and was impressed with how similar they tasted to a regular donut (these are vegan)! Would gladly return if I crave donuts in the future but dont want to cave into dairy cravingsSome of the best donuts I've ever had...and I wasn't always vegan! I love all of the unique flavors Dottie's carries. We got a chocolate cookie butter donut, a coconut mango donut, and a blueberry scone. Of course the donuts were amazing even though we went in the afternoon when they had been sitting out all day (he warmed them for us). But what really surprised me was how yummy the scone was! I also got a coffee and my friend got thai tea, which was so good, as well. I want to go back and try all the flavors, but my body would kill me for eating so much fried foodThese donuts are out of this world!  Any of the specialty / filled donuts are absolutely phenomenal. Definitely recommend this place whether you're vegan or not.The donuts are amazing. Yes, they're kind of spendy, but they're also bigger than your average donut, especially the filled ones. Their coffee is good - but a few times I've had very watered down iced coffee there, so I tend to stick to hot coffee. On the iced side though, their Thai iced tea is BOMB. I dream about it. 
Their bagels are nothing special but they have vegan cream cheese and they aren't as expensive as I expected so I'm happy. 
All in all, this is our favorite weekend routine!Amazing, delicious donuts! My favorite in the city. Perfect dough and sweetness every time! I had no idea that these were the first few times I had them at my local coffee place, just a tasty treat. And they are larger than typical chain store donuts. Typically, there are a few daily or seasonal flavors which are fun to try.How am I just now experiencing these amazing delights? I can't believe they are vegan too. The taste is amazing. We shared a buckeye and a triple chocolate donut. They were soooo good and way too easy to eat. I seriously could have eaten half a doz alone, easily. W no remorse. Def get yourself some Dottie's... you won't be disappointed.
***UPDATE***
Just indulged in the blueberry scone I got yesterday w the donuts. For a vegan scone, it was good. I didn't taste any blueberry flavor though so that could have made it amazing. Also got an apple fritter that I'm saving for tomorrow but I couldn't help but taste a little sample and that is fricking amazing. And huge!Omygosh! We were in town for a weeding and this place blew us away! 
The donuts are so fluffy and big, their a vegans dream! Definitely a must try if your in philly!Hard to imagine a donut that doesn't feel greasy or make you feel heavy afterwards, but these donuts are just that. Unique flavors, friendly staff, and conveniently right next to Blackbird Pizza. We had the Thai Tea glazed donut, and the tea flavor was just right- definitely tasted like tea, but not too strong. Such an airy donut, it was like magic!Dottie's Donuts were the most delicious vegan donuts I've had in Philly (actually, the east coast!)
Their instagram is always full of super yummy, super soft donuts. It look me a while to finally make my way there, but I'm glad I did! It's a small shop with a glass display of freshly baked donuts. They serve them to you in a pizza box if you are taking them to go, and they do take card! 
Next time I have a donut craving, I know where I'm going!Best donuts I've ever had, hands down. Vegan or not vegan. Also, their coffee is delicious and I just drink it black. I definitely make it a point to stop here every time I'm in the cityWe got to the area about 30 minutes before Dottie's opened so we sat in the park across the street. When 9am hit we walked over, and noticed that donuts were just starting to arrive. I know its our fault for being early, but it took about 15 minutes after 9am to finally get served. We tried the Funfetti buttercream donut, the Ice Cream Sundae donut, and the salted caramel donut. For vegan donuts these were pretty fantastic, I'd definitely stop back in.Cute donut shop. Pretty, classic-style donuts.
Cons: 
NUTMEG! 
The dough tastes like nutmeg. For me, this flavor totally overpowers whatever filling or topping. I wish they would make a plain dough.
Is adding the spice to the dough a Philly thing?
Also the dough is a bit tough (maybe overmixed a bit).
Not the best vegan doughnuts I've ever had, but they're not bad if you can tolerate the nutmeg.I only tried one donut while I was here and that was the Boston Cream and OH MY it was so good!  For some reason vegan yeast donuts seem to be hard to find so I was so very excited that this is what they serve.  Bonus, this location is next to Blackbird Pizza. The prices seem a bit high to me but it's a specialized product and so delicious that I'm willing to pay it again. The shop is clean and the service was friendly.  i definitely recommend this spot.Simple, classic to the point. Its almost impossible to find fresh vegan donuts anywhere and they have an interesting variety. I only tried one flavor but will be back to try more. The service was great and its conveniently located next door to Blackbird (vegan pizza). The decor could use a little life, maybe some pictures or artwork on the walls. Other than that this was a nice, quaint, boutique donut shop.Large selection of unique and creative flavors and super nice staff. That is how I would describe Dottie's Donuts. 
We got one caramel delights and one lemon poppy. Both very good, especially the caramel one. The sweetness was very well balanced with the coconut. 
Looking forward to coming back and try different flavors!Awesome fluffy donuts, delicious! As good as Dun-Well Donuts here in NYC. Impressive array of great flavors, beautifully made. Highly recommend! Philly is lucky to have Dottie's Donuts and the Blackbird Pizzeria next door to one another.So thankful for Dottie's! Always great service, great coffee, and amazing donuts. I love that they post their flavors daily on Instagram, and they always look amazing. Boston Cream is probably my favorite that I've had. I wish this location opened earlier, so there would be time to go before work.Nothing to see here, just delicious vegan doughnuts  pistachio filled and vanilla frosted. Located next door to Blackbird Pizza - home of the delicious vegan Philly.First time here was great! I had the cinnamon bun which had the perfect amount of sweetness and cinnamon flavor. My dad loved the almond joy donut. The place was super clean and the staff was friendly! I'll definitely be back with more friends because it was such a good experience.Delicious across the board! 
I love getting these donuts from Green Line Cafe locations and then I finally visited the store in Old City! 
I had an amazing cookie butter frosted strawberry jelly filled donut. It was so unbelievably fresh and sweet. Probably the best donut I've ever had, I cannot wait to try their chocolate varieties. 
Oh I'll be back!DOTTIE'S RULES. the end.
Someday I'll get my hands on the special flavors. So far I have only tried their more "standard" flavors. Their chocolate flavors reign superior, the Newman-o especially. I got my hand on an apple fritter. The thing is the size of your head and worth every bite. Convenient location in Center City (recommend restaurant hopping over to Blackbird after). Love that the donuts come in pizza boxes. Such a quirky, rad touch.I was a little hesitant on trying these vegan treats out. Suzie was very helpful in guiding me through what was available. I left with a cinnamon bun and plan on returning again in the future.
If this was eBay, I would be leaving an AAAAAAAAA+++++++++Nice sized donut with fun toppings. I'm not the biggest fan of yeast donuts but this one was good. AND right beside Blackbird Pizza.The only bad thing I have to say about Dottie's is that now I eat donuts every weekend!!! I love this place!! As a vegan, I have not found a good alternative for my insatiable sweet tooth, until Dottie's moved in. Though I am not opposed to something "tasting vegan" (whatever that means), these donuts just happen to taste just like really delicious donuts. Their line-up includes creative flavors alongside the classics. 
Vegan or not, Dottie's is the place to go (just leave some for me, lol).
P.S. Really friendly staff to boot!!I've never had a vegan doughnut prior to the one I had at Dottie's. I'm also not a big fan of doughnuts in general, so this bias may be a contributing factor in my review. My friend lives in Philly and she has wanted to try Dottie's but the original location is inconvenient for her. When we discovered this location much closer to her, we were both interested in trying a doughnut. 
We both ordered a matcha sugared doughnut and a cup of coffee. I did not like the coffee. I thought the doughnut was lackluster. I like that vegan doughnuts taste less oily and more cakey than a nonvegan doughnut. However, I was really bummed that I didn't taste the matcha. I didn't taste it in the sugar nor in the doughnut itself. It tasted like a plain sugar doughnut, which is disappointing considering all the unique flavors at Dottie's Donuts.
Maybe I got coffee at a bad time. Maybe I got the wrong doughnut variety at an otherwise good place that's clean and well-decorated. I can see myself returning to try something different, but I'm not in Philly often.Gahhhddammmn. This is the second best vegan doughnut I've ever had and best in Pennsylvania. It tastes so good, you almost don't want to eat it. You want to get one, put it up onto a pedestal and pray in its direction several times a day.  Obviously that would be ridiculous and you'd get roaches. So instead, eat it. And when you do, eat the hell out of it. It's that good. 
Thank you for creating such a magnificent specimen of dessert.This is the best donut place I have ever tried, hands down. Vegan or not vegan. The vanilla glazed donut was so light and fluffy, and the glaze was sweet but light and wasn't too much. So many places try and fail to create vegan imitation foods, but not this place. If you did a blind taste test you would not be able to tell the difference at all. The woman who works there also gave my friend and I glasses of water and let us wait out the rain in the store, even after we had finished our donuts. I can not recommend this place enough, seriously amazing!Cute little vegan donut shop in philly near south street! Pretty standard/ basic flavors like chocolate glaze etc. Normal size donuts (like Dunkin donut size). Got the chocolate pistachio which was really tasty! Nice chewy dough. I enjoyed it. Nothing to complain about but I think that now with the rise of veganism, I've had better vegan donuts in other states (like NYC and on the west coast). They also have coffee drinks that I did not try. 
Not much seating. Best to grab your donut and joe to go! Great for a vegan sweet treat!Super excited there's now a South Philly location of Dottie's Donuts!  I never got around to trying them since the original location wasn't super convenient for me.  People kept raving about this place (and I think it even made one of those "Best of PA" lists?) and I've gotta say, it was definitely worth the wait.
Yes, it's pricey ($15 for 6 donuts to be exact), but the donuts are massive (bonus: the apple fritter and cinnamon roll are like twice the size...profit maximization), and the flavors are on point.  Eff outta here with that Federal Donuts, this is the real deal.  And if you tend to shy away from vegan food products (like myself), don't be afraid, there's literally no difference, minus the dough is a little denser and yeastier (no eggs or wheat, I think) and much less greasy than those fried Federal Donuts.  Don't get me wrong, sometimes I love all that, but I did feel a wee bit better about myself after eating these (although I'm sure there's still mad sugar).  
The classics like the cinnamon roll and "Homer" (vanilla glazed with rainbow sprinkles) were by far my favorite, but if you're into more adventurous "deluxe" ones, they've got 'em (Machi Green Tea/Pistachio, Thai Tea, etc., etc.).
The dude working the counter was super friendly and the inside is quaint.  Hope they hang the menu up soon so I can see the prices next time.
P.S.:  Random.  The donuts didn't last as long as a regular donut would, so enjoy these the day of and MAYBE the day after, but anything past that and you're not getting the full experience.Such good treats! The Boston cream is yummmmmmm!!! I'm not a vegan and I was just ridiculously enamored with all of these varieties.I never heard of this place but I wanted a donut and why not come here? I ordered a Vanilla Glazed Donut, Triple Chocolate Donut and Cinnamon Sugar donut.  My favorite was the Cinnamon Sugar which was just delicious. My dad, who does not eat Vegan whatsoever, had the Triple Chocolate and said it was the best donut he ever had which is saying something. The guy working the counter was super friendly and quick.  The inside is small but had some seating. Good experience here and if I'm in the area again, I will stop by.We were visiting from NYC a few months ago, so I was like, pfft vegan doughnuts? Please. NYC is the King of Vegan Doughnuts. Ah, not so. This is by far the best doughnut I've ever had in my entire life. They seem a little pricey at (I think it was) over $3 a pop but truly worth it. Why eat subpar doughnuts? This is the real f-ing deal.When I heard that vegan donuts existed, I immediately had to try them! I came to Dottie's during a weekday in the early afternoon. It's located in the cutest neighborhood of Society Hill. It's across from Starr Garden Playground and next to Blackbird Pizzeria. It's a little shop with a few bar seats along side the window and one table with four chairs. Although the space was small, the donuts did not disappoint. 
I ordered the Boston Cream donut and the Apple Fritter. The cream filling in the Boston Cream was delectable. I normally don't like any of my donuts filled unless its buttercream frosting or fresh fruit, but this cream was too good. The texture was light and the taste wasn't too sweet. I liked that it wasn't too custardy. The Apple Fritter was just as amazing! The size of it was almost bigger than my head haha! There was actually apples in the fritter which made it stand out and taste perfect. The frosting atop of it was a nice pairing. 
These treats were surprisingly some of the best donuts I've ever had. The flavors tasted so natural and not artificial at all! A lot of donut places I've been to have dry donuts. Dottie's was the complete opposite of that. The texture of their donuts were soft, airy, and doughy. I literally could not get enough. I wish I had a bigger appetite because I definitely would've ate more if I could.The donut was so-so when comparing this place to traditional, non-vegan donut places. The actual donut dough was a bit flat- it could be related to the fact that the cream filling is a pudding with an aggregate inside. The heaviness from the pudding may have taken away from a fluffy dough. The filling inside lacked in flavor, having the characteristics of a boxed pudding. However, the chocolate icing helped offset the pudding and was our favorite part!This place was so delicious and I can't say how exciting it was to get vegan donuts! We had the Boston Cream, Elderberry, and Maple Bacon (smoked coconut "bacon"). I'd highly recommend all of them. The customer service was pretty meh. We also got the house made Thai Tea, which was pretty good.Cute little shop with some seating, friendly worker, and a nice variety of donuts. All items are vegan, making it easy to order. We ordered a few donuts ranging from a classic cinnamon sugar donut to a brown sugar rosemary donut. We also ordered a toasted bagel with veggie cream cheese and an iced coffee. The iced coffee was reallyyy good. I alsooooo ate a cinnamon bun that was also really good. After all that, we spent around $20, which was more than fair. I'd like to visit again next time I'm in philly.Wow! Just wow! I am usually not a fan of doughnuts but Dotties definitely made me a doughnut believer. a friend gifted a half a dozen and within a day they were all gone. I side eyed it for a couple of hours, a vegan doughnut? I doubted that these doughnuts were going to change me, but my gosh! It did.Dottie's has the best vegan donuts and baked goods in the whole city! There is a bunch of unique and adventurous flavors, and I have not been disappointed with anything I've tried. 
They taste better than typical non-vegan donuts. The cinnamon buns are to die for! You have to get there early because they typically sell out of everything by 2-3pm. 
Pictured below: 
- Cinnamon, Cinnamon bun, chocolate glazed, vanilla glazed, chocolate hazelnut, rose water pistachio, and dotsTwo days in a row for donuts for us! Delicious for all and those with dairy or egg allergy! Best I've had in awhile and our daughter's first ever. Loved all the flavors and the safe allergy and vegan friendly atmosphere. No dairy options for coffee. Note-not allergy friendly for all-some donuts do have nuts or soy. Would be there everyday if we lived closer! Staff was friendly encouraging and fun.Definitely call before coming in. There's been times where I've driven all the way there (I'm almost an hour away) and they've been closed at 1 pm. 
They sell out pretty quickly. If there's a specific donut you want, (again) just call and ask if they even have it. 
Their donuts are amazing. Everyday I find myself drooling over the deluxe flavor of the day, which they post on their Instagram page. Their donuts are never disappointing. 
What I do find disappointing is the customer service. It's always the same guy at the south street location and he's kind of an ass. Obviously it doesn't take much personality to toss some donuts in a bag, but it seems as thought every time I've come in there, he's pretty grumpy and rude. 
Amazing donuts though !!Okay so Dottie's is my favorite addiction. This place gets me every time. I think I am going for "A" donut but inevitably leave with 1/2 a dozen. I eat one on the way home every time and down two more within the first few hours of them being in my home. These are the BEST donuts hands down vegan or otherwise and an absolute must!!  Their cinnamon bun is to die for!!  Do yourself a favor and make a trip. Well with it. Just be prepared to up your workout game a bit.Yum! I love that there's a place specifically for vegan donuts. Because usually I'll just say f*ck it and eat a donut. I had the blueberry donut. It tasted like a regular donut. But I will say, it was just OK. It was the type of texture like Krispy Kreme where you take a bit and it's extremely hollow. But my sample size is way too small and I'd like to try other donuts and see how it is. There's a Boston créeme which I'm definitely having next time! Still, major points for even having a place that's exclusively vegan.If Brad Cooper was a doughnut he'd be this doughnut. If Saturdays were a doughnut, they would be this doughnut. If bumping into your ex on a good hair day was a doughnut it would be this doughnut.Always a pleasure here! I'm a regular and their changing flavors never cease to amaze me! You can never go wrong and all my non-vegan friends love them!Yum. Nothing like a warm cup of fresh drip coffee and some donuts. Dottie's offers vegan donuts and thankfully takes credit cards. Each donut is around $3-$4 and they also offer an apple fritter that is apparently really popular. Overall, they taste and have textures really similar to non-vegan donuts. I think that their butter substitute us an Earth Balance margarine. Worth a try, very clean shop.Went here yesterday to grab a quick treat before a meeting in philly. I got the double chocolate chip donut. Donuts were fresh out of the oven and very tasty, I couldn't even tell it was vegan. The actual donut was light and fluffy and did not leave a pasty feeling in your mouth. They did only have a small selection of donuts I and was hoping for some more speciality options.I am going broke with their donuts! Absolutely delicious! Highly recommend. Their donuts are never boring. So many unique favors. Not to mention it all looks aesthetically pleasing. My favorite donut is the dunkaroo. I really hope that make it more often. But of course I love all the favors there.Delicious !!!! 
So many vegan options and they taste amazing. 
I had all of my kids pick a donut , they all picked the birthday cake donut and they all loved it ! 
Not one complaint haha 
We will be stunting for my treats very soon. 
Oh the park across the street was a great accidental addition to our trip here also. 
Perfect location for kids.Craving vegan sweets? Desiring donuts? This little gem is a must try for vegans with a sweet tooth. This incredible vegan donut shop sits on a small side street off of well known South st. It is a must try! They offer traditional glazed, chocolate frosted or powered donuts but the real treats are the daily specials!! Matcha, Pistachio or lemon raspberry curd are delicious!! Cinnamon Sugar are lip smacking! They also offer special vegan drinks. The staff are friendly and welcoming. They also sit beside a vegan pizza shop Blackbird Pizza also a must try. So weather you are a local vegan or an out of towner this should be on your list of must tries. Thank you Dottie's Donuts for your scrumptious delights! Your donuts make my soul and belly happy but. It my pants lol. Follow Dottie's Donuts on IG to find out the special donuts of the day! Hope to see you there.Stopped by this establishment after hearing good things.  I ordered the blueberry donut + chocolate pistachio ($5.00 for both).  I enjoyed the fluffiness of the bread and was surprised when I found out that this place was vegan; I couldn't tell at all.  I like that they put out different flavors and types of donuts each day.  Every day you don't know what they are going to put out, so you're in for a surprise.Literally an incredible donut shop, vegan or not! Also, just because it's vegan for sure as heck does not make it healthy! Love this place for not only the delicious donuts but for the creativity that goes into the donuts as well!
Came here on a Saturday, ended up getting iced coffee and a few donuts. There's limited seating but when I got there, no one else was sitting down. I started with a cookie butter and the blueberry maple cornbread donut. Both delicious. These donuts seem less oily than places like federal donuts, which I really like. They are more cakey. After nooshing down these donuts I got a third, chocolate pistachio. It was good but not my favorite. I'll definitely be back - want to try the dunkaroo donut at some point.Went on a donut crawl through Philly. Dottie's was a pleasant surprise. Cute, clean shop with excellent donuts.Excellent donut!  I tried the Blueberry lemon poppyseed donut and for a vegan donut they did not sacrifice on taste!!!  Well made donut!  I will return next time I'm in town!I got the funfetti stuffed doughnut. Tasted like it was stuffed with frosting - super sweet, but I enjoyed it. I also got an apple fritter, which was recommended by another patron - less sweet, more bread like - not as moist and flavorful as I was hoping, but still pretty delicious and quite a bit. Would definitely recommend this shop if you are looking for a vegan doughnut or similar!Delicious doughnuts! There's always a nice variety to choose from. Apple fritters are amazing and huge!! I like that their doughnuts are not overly sweet.Magic. 
Literally magical doughnuts. 
Rose pistachio, Thai tea, and the blueberry lavender are standouts.Great donuts that even managed to be fresh despite a visit late in the day. Upcharges on filled and deluxe donuts add up fast tho--to the tune of $15 and change for the half dozen I carried out. TBH, they barely made it home!!I love Dottie's. I was really hellbent on going to the original store in Grey's Ferry on my first trip back to Philly since I moved to North Jersey last year... But because my friends were somewhat lazy and stayed in bed all weekend, I ended up going to the new location.
Whelp, still amazing no matter why they are :) I recommend Dottie's to everyone going to Philly because it's, hands-down, the best vegan doughnut shop in the world. Since moving to the greater NYC area I've been to a lot of vegan bake shops and you just cannot beat Dottie's. Maybe my philly bias is coming out, but I honestly just think Dottie's is a gift to vegans and non-vegans alike.
As a vegan baker myself, I appreciate when a bakery can make a product almost exactly like the non vegan version and Dottie's does that consistently no matter which location you frequent.
If you haven't had Dottie's yet, shame on you. If I could have their donuts shipped to me weekly I would.
Best donut shop in philly.My wife, who is vegetarian, and I happened upon this business today and decided to try out the donuts. They were excellent, even if you aren't a vegan (like me), I would recommend stopping by if you are in the neighborhood.The donuts here are so good. My boyfriend is not vegan and he said the donuts taste just like non veg donuts. I had chocolate covered and a maple walnut scone, he had a Boston creme. Yum!Dottie's donuts is one of the best places to get vegan donuts in the city. They have a set of standard donuts and a few deluxe donuts. Their donuts are good, but it's important to note you will not get hot donuts here since they are baked at their Springfield location (this one is very small and doesn't have the capacity). My all time favorite item here is the Cosmic Brownie (scandalous not a donut), and it's a steal at $2.75. There is a walk up window and contactless pay which makes it easy and safe to order. Also they have three methods of payment: Cc, Apple Pay, and google pay. 
On the day I went the standard donuts were:
Vanilla glazed
Cinnamon sugar
Sprinkled donut (called the Homer Simpson)
Chocolate frosted
The deluxe flavors were:
Double chocolate
Cold brew chocolate cookie
Raspberry vanilla
Boston cream
Toasted coconut
And they have a few non-donut items:
Cinnamon bun
Apple fritter 
Cosmic brownie.Donuts was soooo.. good I will be there to get a donut now with my CoffeeAbsolutely phenomenal! Flavors are out of this world and if you like a fluffier donut you will love these! Friends and family liked these better than non-vegan donuts!!We searched the best donuts in Philadelphia and even though Dunkin Donuts are everywhere the locals told us you can't go wrong at Dottie's! We adored the blueberry jalapeño, apple fritter, Boston crime pie, and chocolate pistachio. We should've taken a dozen for the road... and I wish we could have them shipped to our home in Texas. Yeah... they're that good! This joint is part of a growing vegetarian and vegan community in Philly that cherishes the environment and healthy options. HIGHLY RECOMMENDAll donuts are between $2-$3 and the flavors change up daily. There are always the standard go-to's like cinnamon sugar and glazed. I went for a season apple cider glazed donut that was very delicious. They also have a good variety of drinks, bagels, homemade cream cheeses, etc.
I'll have to admit I was a little hesitant about a vegan donut, but they were delicious! The guy behind the counter was really friendly and chatty (even welcomed me to the neighborhood)! 
I will definitely be back when I need a sugar fix!Amazing!!! I'm not vegan and this donut did not feel like it was lacking ANYTHING. Got the pumpkin and pecan donut and it was amazing. Perfect texture, perfect level of sweetness, and a great price. 10/10It killlls me that I spent 3+ years on the hunt for the perfect donut in Philly, continuously overlooking Dottie's because I thought, 'meh, vegan donuts'.
From the smaller mom & pop shops to the larger chains, Dottie's makes by far the best donuts I've tried in Philly. First of all, I would have zero clue that these are vegan donuts based on how they look and taste. The texture is light and fluffy and their unique rotation of flavors is on the very short list of things that get me out of bed early on a weekend morning. Their filled donuts are perfection, never too sweet or full of goop. Not to mention the super cute octagonal shape?!?
They do typically sell out of the popular ones early, so I usually try to get there in the morning/early afternoonish if there's a flavor I particularly want. One thing to note is that these are best when eaten fresh, so if you grab a bunch, make sure you have lots of hungry people ready to help you eat them (or just have yourself a lil donut buffet). 
Their page says they do not deliver, but last I checked they were on Caviar for delivery. They also sell their donuts at Elixr locations!!The size of donut is pretty big. The texture is like regular donut.  It's very moist and fresh. I can taste the nutmeg in it.  I was disappointed for not getting the cookie butter kind.
Coconut caramel is decent. Not much caramel.
Boston cream is good, the cream filling isn't too sweet and it's smooth but not too much. The chocolate icing isn't overly sweet either.
Overall it's a good vegan donuts that taste like regular kind. You won't expect it's vegan based on the taste.
They have muffins, scones, fritters, donut holes, and cinnamon rollsI love Dottie's so much! And everyone else does too because they get sold out fast with their specialty flavors (Dunkaroos anyone!?) The flavor combos they come up with are so unique and creative.
My only complaint would be that I wish they would set up online advance ordering so that you could reserve a box of flavors of your choice rather than the first come/first serve system that is currently in place.Couldn't ask for better vegan donuts! I particularly like the hazelnut chocolate. Very reasonable price at $2.75 for a single donut (not sure about dozens). The space itself is pretty small with little seating room, but I was still able to sit comfortably.I think I might be the new #1 fan of Dottie's Donuts. 
I am so thoroughly impressed by this wonderful donut shop. 
My husband and I ordered from Dottie's the past three days in a row via Uber Eats (only because we don't have means of transportation while we're visiting the city, normally I would've loved to go into the shop). Each day we got to enjoy these perfectly crafted pillows of deliciousness. 
I was never much of a donut person before transitioning to being vegan. 
Since I've found Dottie's, I'm truly transformed. I will be back soon, just so I can stuff my face with these amazing donuts. 
RUN OVER TO DOTTIE'S. Worth every calorie.Great vegan cinnamon buns and donuts. They are a little pricey, but damn are they delicious100% vegan donut shop, conveniently located steps from South Street. The small shop is cute and inviting, with subtle retro decor, lots of natural light, and a small amount of seating. They typically offer 12+ donut varieties daily, but at 4:30pm, there were only a few flavors remaining. I got everything that looked interesting, which ended up being 4 different donuts that were large enough to fill a small sized pizza box. The sweet lady working was kind and helpful.
My favorite was the Thai Tea, a vanilla raised donut topped with authentic orange, coconut scented Thai tea icing. The flavors in the icing were fantastic, with balanced spices and the perfect level of sweetness. I also enjoyed the Raspberry Filled, a sophisticated version of a jelly donut, filled with whole fruit jam. The Apple Fritter (which was bigger than my head), was just okay. It had pleasant cinnamon and brown sugar flavors, but was too dry and did not have much apple. The Boston Cream was my least favorite. While the chocolate frosting on top was good, the cream filling was watery and flavorless. My boyfriend (who is not vegan) did not enjoy any of the donuts, and only found the raspberry filled flavor to be edible.
Bottom line: If Dottie's was on the west coast or in NYC, I would rate them 3 stars. But considering the limited vegan donut options in Philly, I feel they are an asset.The only way you know it's vegan is by reading the sign. Delicious! And the staff was super friendly!Can't make a trip down to Philly without stopping here! We found this place last year while in town for the marathon and like the first time, stopped by Dottie's on the first and last day in town. Would totally recommend to EVERYONE! Not just vegans. Go with a friend or two and order a few to share. I promise you won't regret it!I finally got to try Dotties, I ordered  Apple fritter, Chocolate donut and glazed. Amazing I just cant believe they are vegan, I bought home the Apple Fritter for my son who isn't vegan he went nuts, it was so good, The only problem is parking. but I will park and walk for blocks to get these donuts. even with my cane. its worth it, cant wait to try other flavorsAte these donuts on a trip to Philly this summer & they are so good!
Can you PLEASE expand to Massachusetts!?We went to the other location and they were sold out. So we made the trek near south st.  It was so worth it!  We ordered at the window and enjoyed our donuts across the street while the kids played at the park.  Our experience was great!  How did they taste?? Well we tried all 6 and there wasn't a crumb or icing left in the box. Our daughter licked the parchment paper clean!!!!  Well be back soon! Thank you to the super friendly team at this location.  We could see and feel your smiles through your masks!!!!I was walking to get groceries one afternoon and stumbled upon Dottie's Donuts--it's tucked away along a row of brick homes, and is a cute, small store. I'm new to Philly and am trying to (safely) explore, and am sooo delighted to now have a favorite vegan donut store (and donut store in general)  honestly, I'd have no idea these were vegan! They were absolutely delicious and a perfect treat!
Ordering was contactless and fast, and the woman who helped recommend a few favorite varieties was so kind! Here's what I got (with thanks to her rec!) (Clearly, I love blueberries):
-blueberry and lemon: a beautiful bright lilac pink frosting, with lemon zest/sugar(?) sprinkled on top. the dough was so fluffy and a little cake-like, and the blueberry flavor was beautiful. tastes amaaaaazing microwaved!
-blueberry jam filled with maple glaze: oh my goodness I'd buy bottles of the jam! so light and floral almost, and perfectly sweet. the maple was such an interesting complement to the jam as well!
Delightful donuts! The pricing is reasonable and the donuts are so creative (I honestly like these better than normal donuts!) I'll look forward to visiting again :)Move aside beilers, if you're looking for a great fluffy light and delicious (vegan) donuts come here!!! I love beilers in Reading Terminal Market for their abundance of flavors but some of them are either a hit or miss. You couldn't even tell that these donuts were vegan they were all so good. My boyfriend got a variety and my favorites are the apple fritter, strawberry jam, classic glazed. Best apple fritter I've had as of yet! Their dough is not as rich as say a non vegan donut but it was still super delicious. I devoured the strawberry jelly donut, I can tell that their jam is house-made because it's not artificially sweet like most jam filled donuts are. Apple fritter was huge, dough was amazing and there was awesome chunks of cinnamon apple goodness in the fritter too. Deff have to check this place out!!This city really needs some more donut shops! Federal donuts has a monopoly over the city and they only have cake donuts or you have to schlep to the Italian Market area. Dottie's fills the yeast donut void and does it well. They have a limited selection but the specials are nice. I had a strawberry rhubarb lemon type donut and it was light, airy, and delicious. I really should've gotten more. I will be back for sure.Delicious donuts with a creative spin. I had a donut with a brown sugar and rosemary icing. Yummy. So impressed with this place!! Love it!!Omg literally the best vegan donuts ever! Highly recommend the Boston Cream donut. My dad who typically doesn't eat vegan food loved it and couldn't believe it was vegan!The donuts are good, don't get me wrong. However, after walking 40 minutes to get here I was told there's no public restroom. A bit weird for a cafè. The peRson working the counter was so rude about the whole thing and I ended up having to walk 10 minutes to Whole Foods just to pee. That whole thing really ruined the experience.