Double Knot was recommended by a bartender from Graffiti Bar and it did not disappoint. Food was great, ambiance was great and our waitress Caydie was knowledgeable, attentive and very helpful in helping us pick everything from Sake to our meals. Would absolutely recommend Double Knot and will be coming back for sure!This review is only for downstairs at Double Knot: 
Three words - Cold, Dark and Salty. We've been here twice now and while the upstairs seating area is great for happy hour cocktails and small plates the formal dining area in the basement was pretty disappointing. 
While the ambience is great for an intimate dinner/date night the space in itself is extremely cold both during the winter and summer. 
Some of the dishes are a hit or miss and the overall quality has deteriorated ( this goes for Sampan as well). The Robotayaki dishes we ordered were either completely lacking in salt or drowning in it. The edamame dumplings are the only consistent dish we've had since frequenting the MJS chain. 
We also ordered the roast fish for two which was lacking in flavor and just about average. Server knowledge of the restaurants was pretty poor- we were discussing the dessert menu at both restaurants and he told us that he was pretty sure that Sampan never had the mini soft serve cones!! 
I gave this place 3 stars because the cocktails are pretty good, they do have some signature dishes that are worth the visit and the happy hour specials upstairs are great!My happy hour plan at Sampan fell through it was that crowded. Plan B is obviously Double Knot. They had a spot for me at the downstairs bar. I did not think this place could have anymore twists and turns but I was led through a door, down a long staircase, up a small flight of more steps pass a sushi bar and a busy kitchen and then down again into the mother of all nooks and crannies.
I was in some small dark secret crevice of the building. It was very dark. So dark I could barely read the small booklet I was given. The bar is small down there. I believe six seats. And yet there were three bartenders. One would have been sufficient but I found myself with my own personal man. I felt vey James Bond-ish. 
Of course I could not get the kimchi fried rice that I wanted but my man had a pork bao bun special for me. He said it was new. It was tasty.  But the pork gyoza (dumplings) were my favorite with the scallion pancake fried on top. Very good. I might find my way back down there again. By the way order the monkey fist. The drinks are small for the price but it was damn good.Small plates!  Some things are a straight up rip off!  Three chicken wings in sauce with Shishito peppers:  $17!!!!  Be VERY careful when ordering.  On second thought ... go somewhere else!This review is only for upstairs lunch.
It's simple. You go up to the bar, order, they give you a number, and the food comes out to you. It's only $7 (choose your protein for banh mi, cold noodles, hot rice, or salad), a steal in center city! ...or not. I had the pork banh mi. There wasn't a lot of meat, and it wasn't very large, understandable because it's only $7. The roll was incredible, but the meat was quite dry. 
I could see myself returning if I didn't eat very much or if the portions were larger, but for now, I won't be back. It was just okay. Maybe for dinner someday.I've had the pleasure of dinning here (restaurant downstairs) a handful of times, and must say the food has been consistently great! Go with the tasting menu if you can, to experience the full range of food they offer here- you won't be disappointed.I've only been once for dinner, but it was a great date night spot. The atmosphere sort of reminded me of a speakeasy/dungeon, but in a good way on the dungeon part (if that's possible. Hey, look, just go with it). Very dark, candlelit, cavernous and yet intimate. We were seated downstairs, and the server was super helpful (although my date remarked his Japanese pronunciation was pretty awful--I wouldn't know). The food was delish; we ordered a few small items: sashimi, Japanese fried chicken, shishito peppers, and lots from the robatayaki menu. Okay, come to think of it, we chowed down pretty hard. It was all yum. I would definitely go again.I have friends who dine here quite frequently. After coming here with them, I am at a loss as to why they continue to return. The food was bland and the atmosphere was totally off - way too dark, tables were really cramped, waitstaff was not helpful. I was disappointed and will not return.Great "speak-easy" type of place where you put your name in at a hostess stand at the back of the street-level lounge area. When called, they take you down the stairs (the noise-level from upstairs disappears) and you enter an extremely classy, dimly-lit dining/bar area. The asian-fusion menu was very large and sure to please anyone (apps, skewers, sushi, etc). The best part is the great service and very knowledgeable staff who really put in 110% effort in serving you unique drinks and tasty food.
I think this is great for a date night or a small group of friends. the Double Know signature drink was amazing. It can get costly but I think it's very worth it for a nice night out.Their lunch deal is the best! I've had salad or rice with pork or shrimp and it was always been great. You can build your bowl and it's 7$ including tax during lunchtime. I go there several times a week sometimes!Great restaurant, with interesting cocktails. We walked away full and satiated, and having felt like we had a fun and unique experience - what we would want from going to a restaurant! I'm writing in excruciating detail below so we remember what to get next time, The only downside was our waitress - just had an air of better-than-thou, and was hard to ask questions without getting a look of "how do you NOT know what that random Japanese fish prep is?" We ended up asking questions to the waiting staff when they came to deliver food instead, and they were much more helpful. While service does factor into my ratings usually, I am giving the restaurant 5 stars despite the one waitress and because the rest of the staff were so kind. 
- Cocktails: Double knot was delicious and fun, with the smokiness, as was the Savoy knot. The PocketKnot was OK, maybe not to my personal taste. 
- Hirame and yellow tail sashimis - delicious
- ceviche: unique and delicious
- octopus robo: very well prepared, great texture
- lotus root sausage robo: pretty but not that flavorful
- crispy brussel sprouts: would definitely get it again, and figure out how to make it their way
- pastrami pork belly bao: reasonably good but not memorable
- swordfish: the robo was pretty good, but the meatball robo was pretty bland.We had NYE reservations, so THIS is only the reason for 4 stars. Once we got there the hostess gave are reservation away by ACCIDENT. I do think she was new and maybe overwhelmed.
BUT the manager did come up to us and apologized and got us seated asap.
NOWWWW down to the food. Me personally I fucking love sushi. And my date really doesn't know much about it. And our waitress was very knowledgeable and made my date very comfortable.
The sushi was off the charts!!! I mean the only sushi that comes close is izaksya at the borgota. WHICH is the same owner of the double knot.
Soooooooo definitely the best sushi in Philly 
And the style is romantic and everything you except for downtown Philly! 
Now so you know it is a bit pricey, so if you're a cheap uptight asshat... stay home. You get what you pay for!! You want the best you pay for the best.
Oh yeah PHILADELPHIA magazine just rated this place in the top 10 places in Philly to eat!The food is excellent, however the front of the house service needs improvement. We had a reservation and waited more than 25 minutes to get seated. The hostess was not apologetic nor was the waiter who indicated we were lucky because it's not uncommon for people wait up to 45 minutes to be seated with a reservation.Can't believe I haven't reviewed this spot yet. My favorite Japanese modern place in philly! My go to!! No I won't help you find it ;)My fiancé and I stumbled into this place on accident, and boy are we happy we did. We grabbed a table downstairs, which was first come, first served seating. There's a room upstairs that takes reservations, but we never saw this room. We ordered a shit ton of food, because the menu is tapas. We really went overboard though, and got way too much. Since the food is delicious, we are all of it. Moral of the story - just because the dining style is tapas, doesn't mean you need 2 of everything on the menu. A few things for yourself should do the trick.After dinner, I and my friends (8 of us) came over here on a Sat night for drinks and light snacks. We got sit after like 20-30 minutes wait so it wasn't that bad. I have to say, the food was amazing. We ordered robatas, the baos were good, drinks were great too. Even we had dinner before we came here, we still ate a lots. Highly recommend this placeWonderful experience!  We opted for the chef's tasting, $55 per person. The beef was melt in your mouth amazing! Tuna and avocado was divine, as well as just about every course we had...dumplings, fried cheese balls, lamb chops! 
Love that it's family style so you get to taste 10 dishes. Waiter was super helpful and attentive. 
Brussels sprouts were ok, with a strong flavor none of us was crazy about. The last course was a breaded pork chop which also was just ok.The dessert tart was perfection!  
We enjoyed the atmosphere, low light with many candles, even on the stairs. Not fond of the coed bathroom. 
You should experience this at least once!They took a while to seat us but then gave us two complementary plates to make up for it. Wasn't a single dish I didn't enjoy. Would recommend the edamame dumplings, tofu with pesto and caramel and the mochi ice cream. 11/10 would recommend.Stopped in Friday (7/22) night for a drink.  Plenty of seats at the bar.  We sat down and waited for one of the three bartenders to acknowledge us.  We waited, and waited, and waited.  They must have been having a pretty interesting conversation.  Finally, I caught one's attention and smiled and waved.  He didn't move, just stared at me like I was making an obscene gesture.  I waved him over.  He approached, but still did no speak.  I said, 'We'd like to order a drink'.  Still silent, he put 2 menus down in front of us and then rejoined the other 2 bartenders.  There are plenty of great places to drink in midtown  so we left, went over to the Oyster Bar which was packed, but everyone from the hostess to the waitstaff greeted us and was very attentive.Came here for lunch with some people from work.  The menu is l Iimited, but I would rather have fewer choices and great food then a lot of choices with mediocre food. You get to choose the protein and the prep (noodles, rice, bahn mi, or salad). I went with the chicken and noodles. Great flavors! Good value, especially in city center.  The portions were perfect. I will definitely be back.I'm going to have to say that this might even be better than its sister restaurant, Sampan!
We went with a group of 5 on a Saturday night. We had a 9 pm reservation and were probably seated by 9:30 since the place was totally packed! We were offered cocktails on the house due to our wait. The cocktails were delicious: tropical and strong...just how I like them,
The restaurant itself is downstairs. It's very dark and cozy. There is a free coat check at the top of the stairs before heading down. The menu has upwards of 90 items so it can be a bit overwhelming. 
We ordered tons of different things and it would be way too much to list. Notable dishes include the tuna tartare...the best I've had anywhere; the brussel sprouts (which are the same as Sampan's), the Big Eye sushi roll, and the wings. My least favorite was the Robatayaki, the octopus was a bit fishy and the pork jowl just didn't do anything for me. But the good dishes far outweighed the bad.
Our bill was about $300 for 5 people including tip. We didn't try the dessert because none of the dishes appealed to us. I'm not all that interested in trying tofu cheesecake. 
I'll definitely be heading back!Got the 10 course tasting menu and every single thing was amazing. I highly recommend the Double Knot sushi roll and the cod fried rice. Service was great as well. 5 stars for both the food and the service!Really great happy hour value! The kimchi fried rice is amazing and comes with a poached egg. Love being able to break it up in the rice except it seemed like I upset the waiter when I didn't want them to break it for me. 
But overall very consistent and delicious happy hour with a great atmosphere and friendly wait staff. Few of my favorites are the edamame dumplings, pork banh mi, brussel sprouts, pot stickers... can't really go wrong with anything!We had a great meal here on New Years Eve! Awesome service- our waitress was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu. We did the chefs tasting menu but picked all of our courses. Here is what we had and we loved all of it!!
double knot, re-animator tie, two lovers knot for drinks. Loved all of them! Double knot comes out on a smoky wood plank and is so smooth. Two lovers knot is great if you want something lighter.
Hamachi
Hirame 
Tofu- we were skeptical because we don't usually eat tofu but our waitress pushed us to get this and we were not disappointed!
Duck scrapple bao bun- yum!
Swordfish meatball - amazing!!!
Kobe beef- amazing!! One of our favorites!
Aged NY strip - this was good but probably wouldn't order it again. You can get something similar at a lot of other restaurants; we should have tried something different 
Crispy Brussels sprouts
Toro- this was one of our favorite things we ate!Wow! Building is amazing. More than meets the eye. Delicious food, too! We got the chefs tasting and it gave Vetri and run for best place I've eaten in Philly. $55 per person for the tasting for tons of food. Would definitely go back again.Holy amazing, Batman!!
When you wake up the next morning dreaming about foie gras and pastrami pork belly bao, it's been a pretty good meal. My Philly host ordered up pure magic ... get one of everything!! The Double Knot cocktail packs a punch so no wussies are allowed to order it, I'm pretty sure. 
Lastly, the location is in the basement giving it such a cool factor that you'll blush. It's not hip and arrogant making you think they're better than you, quite the opposite! It's a fast a furious event that your palate will appreciate the whole time through. 
Oh, one last thing: this place costs money. It's worth it, but not if you don't appreciate an amazing meal.We had a reservation for 6 people at 9pm and we didn't get our table until 9:45. Moreover, while we were waiting, the people from the restaurant were incredibly rude and suggested that if we didn't want to wait, we could go somewhere else (it's impossible to get a table in a good restaurant in the area on a Friday night without a reservation). When we finally got seated at the restaurant, someone wanted to order a cocktail from the bar upstairs (because we had it while we we're waiting), and the server said that the cocktails offered downstairs were different so we couldn't order that.
The food was very good beside all the awful service.Romantic, cool, great food, drinks and service from start to finish. Had a drink upstairs while waiting to be seated downstairs. Given an honest estimate by the hostess that it could be 45 minutes but possible they could seat us within 20. Lucky us we were seated within 15. During the wait Ryan helped get us drinks, was really kind, fun and made us feel attended to. Downstairs so romantic, so affordable for high quality food / drink. Recommend to all!Phenomenal place. They let me buddy put his bike inside in his time of need. And they didn't question me just ordering alcohol at 11 am.This may easily be my new favorite restaurant in the city. There's no other way to describe the vibe than it's industrial and coooooool. Upstairs is a loud self-seated area but when your table is ready, you're directed down a quiet set of stairs to a hidden dining area. I loved the ambiance, perfect for a date night.
Outside of the food: 
we had 9 pm reservations, and they were running late. At 9:15 staff apologetically approached us and offered complimentary dishes when we were seated at 9:20 ish. Our server was so helpful with such a large menu. I genuinely felt like he was there to aid in our "experience," and he gave great advice over the dishes and portioning.
The food: 
We opted out of the tasting menu (it's a good option if sifting through the menu is overwhelming) but my bf and I decided we wanted more small plates over finishing the meal with larger entree dishes. We ordered 12 things. no joke. With one round of drinks, our bill was still $115 (under the $120 for the tasting menu). I'm definitely glad we took this option to try more and pay less!!
My favorite dishes were:
Albacore tataki, specialty salmon sashimi, tempura cheese curds, pork belly robatayaki, the pork buns, and the black cod fried rice side 
My let downs were: 
the mushroom gyoza - I'm surprised they were pan fried and lacking flavor. Also, our server disappeared for a stint, making it hard to order a round of drinks. These were small issues considering how everything else was so wonderful.OMG NO HAPPY HOUR MAKES ME HAPPIER! Double knot serves a bunch of small plates of food with Asian twists. The best part is you could order like 7 things between 2 people and you never spend more than 10-15 bucks each! I'm always amazed at how fresh everything tastes especially the sushi! The chicken bao buns and the Brussels sprouts are my personal favorites but I've never ordered anything I didn't like here! This is the definition of bang for your buck! Service is always fast and lovely. Double knot has my heart!The happy hour here rocks, if what you're looking for is bar bites or even approaching dinner tapas-style with some Asian fusion flair - lots of options and excellent value on many quality items. There's a Yelp photo posted somewhere around here of their happy hour menu from awhile back, but it approximates what's in store. 
In terms of hours outside of happy hour, I've only tried their cocktails. There's a fascinating selection of coffee cocktails, and our group all enjoyed ours. During the time we visited though, the bartender was not the greatest and had a bit of an attitude even though we were an easy-going, polite group.
Double Knot's sister restaurants Sampan and Graffiti Bar offer similar happy hour specials (there's even some overlap between food items), but DK seems to have less crowding during happy hour. However, we still had a bit of a wait to get our orders in. It's a fair trade-off given how great of a deal happy hour was here - the fact that it was packed on a Tuesday speaks to how popular this place is.This was a top notch tasting menu on a Saturday night. We booked about two months out, after hearing that it isn't easy to get a last minute table here. 
The tasting menu was worth it - not cheap, but delicious to try a variety of foods. The sushi tasted fresh, and the meats that we were able to try were amazing. I would also highly suggest the drinks - we tried a variety, but two of my favorites were the Double Knot and the Two Lovers Knot. The food was definitely 5/5.
Two thoughts on the less positive side - we had 5 people and they crammed us into a table for 4. The second was that one person in our party doesn't eat meat or fish, and there weren't a ton of menu options for her to try.Some damn fine coffee, Diane. Double Knot gives the vibe of a speakeasy but is a coffee shop? I love the atmosphere and layout of the cafe and the menu is very extensive for a little cafe! Pretty rare to find a coffee place that offers beers but this is the spot! The hand poured coffee is excellent and well worth the price over Starbucks!My husband and I went here last night for our anniversary and had a wonderful time. The atmosphere and overall experience exceeded my expectations - not that they weren't already pretty high, it being a speakeasy sushi bar and all. The sake was probably my favorite part - there is something very cool about drinking out of a cedar box. I got the miso soup, the tuna tartare and the Double Knot roll. My husband got a few different robatayaki - Kobe beef, clams and swordfish. Also the blue crab cali roll. We are very easy going people and tend to like nearly everything but this was just above and beyond good. The staff was incredibly knowledgable and attentive and I honestly cannot wait to go back.This is by far our favorite breakfast spot (among other reasons to venture here). The atmosphere, food, and customer service can't be beat. Split the eggs benedict, egg banh mi, and one of their homemade baked goods (we had a fresh donut coated in dried strawberries & sugar this morning that was amazing). Hand poured coffee and an assortment of craft drinks - so hard to choose.Average.
This place looks to be pretty popular and profiting off of sister location Sampan. The two sites share a kitchen and its evident the dishes are similar - though Double Knot does accomplish to add a bit of a "twist" to some Sampan standards.
To start, this location is in the middle of all the commotion of Center City, so be prepared to park a bit far and walk. We parked closer to 10th Street and made our way over.
The place is bi-level and each floor is for a different purpose. The upstairs, is a first come first serve happy hour place, while the downstairs is for a full dining room experience (and allows for reservations). Each floor, therefore, has it's own menu. 
We sat downstairs and peered through a few options, settling on the spicy tofu, brussel sprouts, and edamame dumplings. The brussel sprouts I've had before at Sampan, but they were just as delicious here. The tofu and edamame dumplings were also solid. I liked how the tofu was well marinated and cut in into small pieces. The dumplings did require some additional accruements to amp up the spice, but I appreciated how savory they were. 
In the end, I feel that though the dishes we did eat were great, that was all there was to explore. Not much else veggie friendly seemed appetizing. The portions were decent (at least enough for 2 per plate), though I felt it was still pricey especially since I walked out of there not fully satiated.
The service was pretty great. Our waitress knew a lot about different menu items and their ingredients. She was also pretty good on keeping our water glasses full! I would like to come back in case there are other veggie friendly options, but I'm getting the vibe that the restaurant is not changing it's menu anytime soon. 
Overall, I was OK with it - may be better to order take out from over here, if I do eat Double Knot again.ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT HERE! The food is fantastic, innovative, and super flavorful. You have to make a reservation early in advance because it fills up quite quickly. The brussel sprouts, cheese curds, and black cod friend rice are some of my favorite menu items. The sushi is also pretty fresh and delicious, too.Nice ambience and food. We had the set menu, since it was too over whelming to figure out what to eat. I will check the menu prior to my next visit, and the short ribs were the best dish we tried.
Nice for a date nightWe had a lovely meal! We did the 10 course tasting menu and it was totally worth it!  The variety of items that we tried were fantastic. Favourites were the big tuna sushi, the cod fried rice, edamame dumplings, sea bass and the short rib but everything was good. The service was excellent!This review is regarding the service 
I came in to have dinner with a friend last night and we sat at the downstairs bar. Moving here from NYC the aesthetic and food at double knot was top notch in comparison. 
However, the service was some of the worst I've experienced in years. When you pay high prices for your meal you expect that the service be up to par. 
Our bartender was clearly drunk or high, seemed like both. When we waited a half hour to forty five minutes for or entrees she printed out our receipt saying she wanted to prove that she'd put it in and that we shouldn't have questioned her. 
She obviously forgot to fire our dishes. She was screaming and talking loudly with the bar back and had some sort of competition going on in regards to who could say YASSSS or get a guest to say it more than the other. She would not let up. 
Finally we waited a half hour for the check. She was mad when we kept checking in on it, saying that the machines were broken, however she did nothing to fix them and just went on flirting with the bar back. 
We stood for about 15 with our coats and hats on and finally we received the check with no remorse or apology from the manager who came over to fix the broken machine. He let this woman go on and on yelling about the broken machine. 
I told my coworker about my experience and she had recently received the same level of service during happy hour when a server let out a dramatic sigh before asking which drink she preferred.I made reservations about a month in advance due it always being booked up and it was well worth the wait. We were seated right in front of the kitchen which was perfect for two people and we opted for the tasting menu. Forced me to try things I normally wouldn't eat and I may have found a few new favorites. Highly recommend and if you are planning on doing the tasting menu, come hungry!!Here is the deal, in the morning, as early as 7am, you can enjoy coffee and pastries at the bar or 2 tops, along side the carefully curated shelves of knick knacks and wooden accents. Happy Hour begins at that same space at 4pm with just a sample of the food offered downstairs. After 5pm, you can head down the stairs for a loooong menu of skewers and sushi. 
But for lunch (and that's 10pm-3pm), the menu is pleasantly streamlined: pick a protein (steak, shrimp, pork, chicken, tofu, meatball) and what form you would like it in (salad, banh mi, rice, noodles) in exchange for $7.
I do like a salad with minimal leaves and lots of herbs. South East Asia gets it. The Double Knot lunch salad is mostly citrusy cabbage, daikon, mint and cilantro.  Four lightly fried, plump shrimp came with it. It could work as a light lunch or shareable lunch appetizer.
I remember a few years ago when Sampan offered lunch, specifically the high quality banh mi they served. Double Knot brings it on back with a fresh baguette that doesn't hurt the jaw (some banh mi bread does!) and nicely marinated steak that steals the show.  The daily punch was a light melon drink that worked so well with both the salad and the banh mi. That's the thing with this menu, since everything is mix and match, it all has to make sense together, and it does.I love this place. It has an industrial flare with private nooks. The small plates were fun and perfectly executed. Service was on point. I'll be back.We had a reservation for 8:15 and got a drink at the bar upstairs initially; we got moved to the lounge downstairs since they were still waiting for our table to open.  We waited approximately 45 min for our table despite the recommendation but I have to give credit to the staff: they kept us informed about the status of the table the entire time and for waiting they gave us complimentary prosecco.  My friend and I did the tasting menu, $55 per person; totally worth it!  My favorites were the tempura tacos, sea bass, and the pastrami bao buns!  The food was absolutely amazing!  Despite the initial hiccup with getting our table, the restaurant and staff absolutely made up for it with their service, food and drinks!  Cannot wait to go back!This place I thought was just okay. I got the Veggie bahn mi and I'm just giving this place 3 stars b/c I've had better bahn mi in philly so I probably wouldn't come back here for the bahn mi.Great happy hour! I feel rich when I come here for happy hour, and soooo full. They're owned by Sampan/Graffiti bar so the food and prices are the same, this place has a small sushi menu though that is great. Highly recommend!Went there yesterday with my gfriend for her late bday, we made reservation for 9pm, arrived at 8:40 and got seated after 5 min of waiting. First impression, very nice interior design, modern and chic, and probably the only restaurant that does sitting in the basement or they called "downstairs". The upstairs looked very nice and it's would make bombing instagram picture in the morning. So we got seated at the very end of the bar, right next to the chef who was in charge of the kitchen, so it was fun to observe the whole screen. We found that the food idea was pretty much very similar to sampan, but with added sushi bar and skewers. In the flavor term, it could be a hit or miss. We chose the chef selection menu and ordered these: Japanese scallops, duck scrapple buns, Tempura shrimp tacos, lobster tail and kobe beef skewers, a5-kobe sushi, halibut kombu roll (extra not included), aged ny strip steak, chilean seabass, cod fried rice and a dessert. The first thing is, my server and the menu failed to mention that ordering lobster tail  skewer  and the a5-kobe sushi cost EXTRA $5 for each of us. In prices term, this is CRAZY. Let's me break it down for you: so all the skewers item prices ranged from $3-$7 I believe, the lobster tail cost $11. So let's just say $5 of that $11 is included in the Chef selection menu, however they charged us extra $10, which in the end we paid $15 for the lobster tail. Same applied for the a5-kobe sushi (another extra $10). I didn't complain but sure didn't leave completely satisfied or felt like my money was worth it. The best thing for the whole meal was the a5-kobe and the seabass, very tender and yummy. The scallop was not too bad (their sushi was pretty decent and I'm assuming, fresh). However the bun, the steak, the taco were all a little salty, and the rice was a little bit too sweet. They didn't do as well as Sampan, in term of flavor balanced. The kobe skewers, a big no, I'm sure it's was not kobe beef, pretty tough for its name. My friend also said that the steak was a little tough but for my part it was okay so I don't know. 
Very long review, but I just want to make sure that if you want to do the Chef selection menu, pay attention to the item that costs much more than the rest since it will be extra charge and they may not mention it to you. 
Probably not gonna return for dinner, but I may try their lunch, since I like the upstair decor a lot!Really good food. The menu is somewhat confusing and it's hard to know how much or what to order for groups. Of course, like many places the food is served as it comes and is meant for sharing and communal style blah blah but it's hard to share small plates of 2 or 3 items among 6-8 people. Both Bun Bao were excellent. The skewers are excellent but order plenty if you have a group.  The rib eye skewer was probably the best single bite of meat I have ever had. The short rib entree that we shared was spectacular.
My only complaint is that is was really warm downstairs apparently some problem with the A/C but I'm sure that will get fixed. One of the best tasting meals I have had in a while.We did the chefs tasting menu which is a pretty good value. All seafood for us, the raw scallops were amazing, tuna was great, sea bass was amazing don't miss out on it. Only two issues one is that the brussel sprouts are way too salty. I get it, fish sauce is super salty. I loved the portion size and was ready to dig in but the sodium was mouth-puckering. Personally I am not a fan of aioli/ mayo. If it was listed on the menu for the fish tacos I would have got something else. The octopus is so good, don't miss that either. Overall awesome experience.I walked into this hidden gem thinking it was a hipster coffee shop while I was looking for a place to study. Once I entered I realized that the dark ambience wouldn't make for the best study atmosphere but definitely for that speakeasy feel. 
The cocktails are fantastic and their happy hour deals are spot on. I wasn't too far off on the coffee vibe because they do have a full espresso bar with some great options for the caffeine addict. I will definitely make my way over again when I'm looking for a happy hour spotYasssss. Go here for happy hour. So good. Edamame dumplings are delicious. I love the kimchi fried rice as well. Great date placeI've passed by this place so many times but didn't know it existed until recently. When you enter, its like a hole in the wall but the basement is GORGEOUS!
The sushi is really good too! Servers were great with recommendations as well.
The only reason this place lost a star is because the hosts make it seem like its super exclusive! Just because I changed my mind last minute and decided to add 1 more person to my party, its a huge deal which has to be communicated with sneaky microphone conversations and confirming with the people already sitting. Our table had MORE than enough space for the extra people.
I am willing to disregard that though; would definitely recommend and come again!This is my new favorite Philly restaurant. We sat downstairs and went all-out with the the chef's tasting menu - 10 dishes, selected by the chef (though you can select your own if you like). Every dish was incredible, especially the venison skewers, maitake mushrooms, and the broiled sea bass (which my Maryland-native boyfriend called the best seafood he's ever eaten). I had the savoy knot cocktail and loooved it. Our server Amy was a joy.
Everything about this place from the food to the ambience impressed me. Made for a great night celebrating my new job. I'm not typically one for writing reviews but this one deserved it!!We ordered about seven or eight rolls between the three of us, of Maki, six pieces each, and I wasn't particularly blown away by any of the rolls except for the name sake double knot one which had shrimp tempura some kind of tuna and was topped with guacamole(!?). We also had the Waygu Beef sashimi, duck confi buns, shisido peppers.Double Knot would be worthy of four stars for its food, atmosphere and design, were it not for some service hiccups during a recent dinner. Food came flying out of kitchen, despite our requests to pace things -- at one point, we had 7-8 dishes crowding our table -- and a runner basically kicked us out, by removing our lit votive candle, while we were still seated. OK, message received -- and not sure if/when we'll be back!Terrific service. Outstanding meal. Had the chefs tasting menu ($60 pp) which was delicious. Highly recommend. Must have a res.Great for brunch  cocktails, best Irish coffee I've ever had.Brunch was great! Eggs Benedict were delicious and presentation, as well as the atmosphere, were great!!Best Menu Items: Chilean Sea Bass, Tuna Poke, and Short Rib for two.
Such a different, unique vibe in this restaurant. The design of this place is impressive and makes it a great spot to impress friends and family. 
The food is equally impressive as the ambience. Try something new, you will not be disappointed. Fresh high quality ingredients at a fair price.Get the Brussels sprouts! Also the service was pretty bad, I know it's busy but Attend to people spending money. We have been here 3 hrs and the service has mild improved.This place is EXPENSIVE. 2$ does not sound right.
It's closer to PF Chang of Japanese food....
Small portions 
Great place to come with a bunch of People and hang out and nibble on stuff and drink.Second time eating here.  Although I enjoyed the first time, where I was able to grab some light snacks before a show,  this time was beyond phenomenal.
   The octopus ceviche was delicious as was all the  à la carte sashimi and sushi.  Can't wait to go back and do the 10 course omakase.I had dinner at Double Knot last night with a group of 6 and it was spectacular! I had heard good things about this restaurant, but it exceeded my expectations.  We got the chef's tasting menu for 5 people and thoroughly enjoyed it. There are two options: pick your own dishes (roughly one from each section of the menu) or just let the chef choose. We did the former - pick our own - but the waitress helped guide us towards some of her favorite and/or most popular dishes. After that delicious dish after delicious dish came out as they were ready. (The 6th guest was gluten free and the waitress helped her select allergy-friendly items separately that she said she enjoyed).
We ended up with:
Yellowtail sashimi - everyone loved this - the flavors were great and fish so tender
Tuna with avocado - also a big hit and great quality fish and sauce very tasty
Japanese fried chicken - I think the restaurant is known for this - it was very good
Edamame dumpling - also one of the most popular dishes. Some thought this was a standout, others thought good, but not as thrilled
Salmon sushi roll - great quality, but less exciting than some other dishes
Octopus robatayaki - deliciously tender and well-seasoned
Rib-eye robatayaki - this was absolutely fantastic. You wouldn't think you could make a piece of rib-eye on a stick that much of a standout, but this dish melted in my mouth
Beef short rib - good sauce and flavor, but the robatayaki was better
Broiled sea bass - delicious, melts in your mouth - definitely a favorite
Crispy brussel sprouts - also got high marks from the table
Dessert: black sesame "cheesecake" tart - everyone seemed to like it and it had nice flavor, but the savory items definitely outshined the dessert
Overall, I think we all agreed there wasn't a bad dish. They were all great, with some standing out more than others, but really exceptional start to finish. We were also all impressed with the portion size.  For $55 they really give you your money's worth and portion out the items well.  We ended up taking home a few leftovers because we simply couldn't eat it all and were very full by the end.  Though, at the same time everyone did sample everything so it wasn't completely overwhelming. The chef's tasting was nice because everything came out such that we could split it equally and you get enough items that you're still feeling like you get to taste a lot of dishes.  I could see ordering a la carte being fun too, though, if everyone picks a few dishes they are excited about - not sure how it would price out if you did it that way. The cocktail menu also has a number of exciting options and we all enjoyed sampling with some advice from the waitress. 
The ambience of the restaurant is also very cool.  The top floor is more of a bar/lounge area, whereas the downstairs (where we ate) is setup like a speakeasy with a separate unmarked door and very cool vibe. We were also seated at probably the best table in the restaurant, a plush circle booth that is a few steps up from the main dining floor and overlooks the whole restaurant. It was more private and special (and comfortable) for our group, but we still got to enjoy the ambience of the downstairs restaurant.  Just lucked into this table, but would definitely request if possible in the future with an appropriate size group. Though the other tables I'm sure are fine and the food is the worth sitting at any table.
I will definitely be back to Double Knot!This place is honestly awesome. Great food, service, and environment. It's sort of a Sampan on steroids in terms of food taste and uniqueness. I highly recommend coming for  happy hour as the menu is decently sized and very affordable.Try this restaurant! Me and a friend had dinner here and were blown away by the downstairs dining room. I felt like I had left Philadelphia the vibe is really cool, dark, artsy, and unique. Our server was extremely attentive . He told us to order between 8-10 plates for 2 people so we ordered 10 plates. Ended up being a little too much as soon as the last couple came out I gave up but then again I am a 115 pound girl and there's nothing wrong with leftovers. The food was so flavorful and yummy and The drinks were unique and creative. I'm a bartender so I actually took a picture of the drink menu because I liked their liquor combinations.
All in all this is a spot to check out.. great date spot if your looking to impress!Rarely do I give out a full five but everything in this new underground gem on 13th St . Beyond the curtain at the front door lies a lively coffee shop that switches over to a bar at night and the beyond that through a back door and a staircase that makes you feel like you're in a submarine, you enter the izakaya-style speakeasy below with stunning industrial chic meets urban Yakuza den. The warmly lit bar offers thoughtfully composed takes on regular cocktails- the Manhattan turns into the Double Knot , with the snifter smoked in front of you by burning cinnamon and clove set on a strip of an old Maker's Mark barrel . The Old Fashioned is given a different twist through chocolate and whopped cream. And then moving on to the food, to get the best of the menu try the Chef's Sampler where diners have the flexibility to order ten small plates and taste across the menu. The Ponzu oyster shooter melts in your mouth. The Miitake mushrooms were grilled and were a lovely complement to the earthiness of the Double Knot. Half the menu is composed of skewer style meats and vegetables of which the Kobe style skewer was the masterpiece. The sea bass is perfectly delicate. And last but not least, the waitstaff is incredibly friendly and chatty. Because we showed up late on a Thursday night we had the pleasure of speaking to the bartenders and the Beverage Director, who lends his impressive knowledge of cocktails to the menu creation and presentation. Hearing him or the bartenders describe the thought behind the cocktails adds another layer of appreciation of their deliciousness . Almost don't want to post this review because already the place is getting crowded a week into opening! Oh and finally what an impressive add to the repertoire for Michael Schulson of Sampan and Graffiti Bar.Best happy hour in the city. 
The food is great and their mixed drinks are well done. Not cheapo wine for HH either. It can be hard to find seating but well worth the wait.Wonderful looking establishment. Two in one. Downstairs gives you a totally different look and feel than the 1st floor. Wonderful concept. 
Menu was too busy and far too complicated than needed to be. The explanations by the wait staff left you scratching your head wondering what was just said. 
In my opinion, you can be too fancy and have to many items on a menu that nothing makes any sense. At the end of the experience we finished our drinks and went elsewhere. 
Excellent  dirty martiniI've been to this place twice now, once on the company dime and once on my own. They were both pretty solid (although rarely spectacular) in terms of food. The service on my second visit was terrible. Waitress-Samantha was definitely extremely and noticeably condescending when I asked clarifying questions on their novel and complicated menu, as if I were the type of person that aspires to eat at Double Knot, I should know what these things are and not waste her valuable time. The signature cocktail was great and highly recommend anyone try it. Foodwise-this place is mostly hype and I'd skip it unless you really feel like dropping 3 times as much as you would otherwise for a plate of sushi.This was a nice new experience to share with some friends. We came here for weekend happy hour. Ordered a lot of items from the menu and we were very happy with all of our choices. Very nice atmosphere and very reasonable prices. I definitely would like to return.I love the atmosphere of this restaurant. The service is always good and their menu has so many delicious options. I would recommend this to any sushi lover! I have been here many times and I have never had something I didn't like. The only thing I noticed is the portions are a little small.We stopped in on a recommendation from the bartender at Barbuzzo down the street. Coffee cocktails? Say what!? Gorgeous relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff, and the best damn coffee cocktails in town! I had a charger and it was deliciously different. Girl had a cafe au lait with a shot of fragelico. Win, win. Come have drink and relax!Delicious food but a little in the small portion size. The downstairs dinning area is beautiful and the highlight of the dinning experience. Many gluten free options available.Great brunch of Vietnamese hash with baguette and "Good Morning Philadelphia" to drink. The hash was quite a bit heavier than anticipated, but flavor very well. The pork in the hash was cooked perfectly, but the corned beef was soggy. The drink was poured heavy, but was great. Overall, a pretty good brunch for somewhere I wandered in.Love this new addition to 13th street. Great vibe, great drinks, and lots of food to choose from. I loved the duck buns and tempura cheese curds.I guess the reason I like this restaurant are 2 major reasons: it used to be a gay porn shop but also the basement was a sex dungeon. Maybe that's where they got their name, aka glory hole filled in. The 2nd is the downstairs sushi bar reminds me of a scene in blade runner, one of my fav syfy movies. Decadence is the theme and the excellent cocktails served up with skilled bartending adds to the ambience. The charcoal'd smoky tapas is an added bonus. I  adore Asian flavored  cuisine.Best sushi in the city! The ambience is super cool! You done downstairs and it's reminiscent of a swanky NYC establishment. Drinks are top notch and the servers are extremely attentive!Great atmosphere with amazing food and service! We did the tasting menu for dinner - highly recommend. Everything we ate was absolutely delicious, and the portion sizes were perfect!Double knot is a lovely little cafe/bar next to Sampan; they make a great dirty martini and serve Sampan food as well as sushi during happy hour. The service has always been friendly and their chic kitchen meets bar look is both comforting and trendy at the same time.