I'm still waiting for a call back from the owner regarding my horrible service the other night. I suspect that they're going to ignore me. People, don't go here. The waitresses will apparently tell egregious lies to get 40% automatic gratuities on a party of 5. Thanks for the awesome experience at my birthday dinner, guys. One star because they won't let you give zero. :-/This place is FANTASTIC!!!  I didn't eat here before the remodel (as I live in LA), but decided to try it out while in Philly for a business trip.  I highly recommend the pizza.  Also, the bartender crafts a mean Irish Car Bomb.....I suggest letting the first one settle in your blood stream before ordering a second. ;-)  My coworker had the fish (and chips, I believe) & ate the entire dish.  I would take my dad here for Fathers Day & truly wish we had a place like this near the beach where I live.....our Irish pubs/restaurants look like McDonalds when compared to Downeys.  Thanks to the staff for amazing service & a relaxing afternoon!!!The food is very tasty.... My mom had an appointment nearby and she insisted we stop by Downey's as she said it used to be quite good.
The place smells like piss, especially when you first walk in. As I sat there today I looked around and have never seen a restaurant so very dirty, they must never clean anything but the dishes (which were clean) . The floors, the walls, the ceilings, the fixtures and decorations were disgusting, coated thickly in grease, dust, dirt grime and who knows what (ECK!!)!! The upholstery on the stools, chairs and benches was torn and tattered. Does not look like management gives a darn about this place, it's really run down looking, which is probably why the lighting is kept so low.
We arrived at a few minutes before 4pm there was a lunch special posted in the window on till 4pm. When we asked the hostess about the special, she said she wasn't sure and to ask the server, the server told us that they are no longer serving the special. I was not in the mood to argue the false advertising, and just chose something else.
Our food took a true 1/2 hour to come out which is ridiculous since there was only one other table in the restaurant at the time and they were already served, when we came in. The food was tasty, but I would never go to such a dirty place with such poor service again, it was gross.I've been here twice, once for karaoke and once on a Friday night. So I'll review these two nights only. The karaoke night was pretty cool. You could either sing it or the guy in charge sometimes also brings his guitar and lets ppl play it if they rather do that. Pretty good way to spend your monday night. Now for the friday night. Having walked down south street, this place was the only one with good looking people outside of it so me and my friend decided to check it out. It's pretty small in there so plan your dance moves accordingly. The music wasnt purely top 40 so we actually stayed there for some time singing off key to Summer of 69. Biggest problem i had that night was the group of what looked like the offsprings of the Jersey Shore cast. I didnt enjoy having my clothes smell like tanning lotion. But def a place worth stopping by if you're on south streetWent for restaurant week. They give you a 5 course meal for $35,(best deal out there). I had the steak and crab cake which was cooked perfectly, my girlfriend had the stuffed flounder which was also great. On top of that Sam Adams Octoberfest for $3.50. I will definitely be back.ONLY COME HERE IF YOU WANT TO BE DISRESPECTED, TOLD HOW TO EAT YOUR FOOD & RIPPED OFF. This place has horrible service, the customer's don't matter & they just want your money and will try to get it on all accounts.  We went during Labor Day weekend for a late dinner around 9pm, for their advertised Lobster special.  Being a couple, who does not need 2 full entrees at this hour, we came in with the intent to order 1 lobster and 1 entree.  Not 2 entrees, 2 appetizers & additional 18% gratuity for 2 people.  1st: the waitress told us she would charge a splitting fee of $10 if both of us did not order the lobster.  Even if the lobster came on the same plate & we did not request the chef to put it on 2 different plates, we would be charged this ridiculous fee.  She then pressured us to order appetizers we did not want, after telling me that my choice of entree was poor.  ( i wanted the Soup Sampler & she claimed there was much better food than their soup.  (sarcasm: What a great way to speak highly of the food in your kitchen; )  She then managed to convince us to order 2 appetizers, the most pricey ones: Fried calamari & mussels, which we DID NOT WANT in the first place.  15 MINUTES later she tells me that my 2nd choice entree, chicken pot pie was all out  By now, I did not  want to keep ordering more of food that either sucks, or is not available, so I told her I will take the 2 appetizers as my "entree" and my boyfriend is having the lobster to himself.  The entire night we could feel her watching us, hoping to catch us sharing so she would have the excuse to charge us an additional $10.  We did not get any water refills, free bread, a bowl for the mussel shells (which was promised to us).  The mussels were extremely salty, in which the lack of water did not help.  She also claimed the lobster would be ready quickly;  She LIED.  The lobster came out 20 minutes after our appetizers arrived.  knowing our predicament she didn't even bring the lobster out sooner.  By the time it arrived the appetizers were close to finished, so I had to watch my boyfriend eat his entree.  No one wants to eat by themselves at a restaurant, being watched by their partner.  At the end of this disgusting dining experience, she added 18% GRATUTITY FOR 2 PEOPLE to our bill!  On their menu 18% gratuity is for parties of 6 or more.  We were 2.  Totally fed up at this point, we paid our bill in cash and walked out.  The waitress had the nerve to chase down the street after us to demand her extra tip.  When we explained why she didn't deserve it she started arguing with us and claiming she had no control over the 18% and it was her manager's decision to charge "everyone" 18% on a holiday weekend and she cannot reprint the bill.  (Complete Bull Sh*t)  When she decided she wasn't going to win she started walking away  yelling, "Don't ever come back to my restaurant! You're lucky I didn't slap you  & your girlfriend." Who does this & expects customers to return?  Apparently these people don't have any hospitality training and lack the skills to treat a customer fairly, trying to take advantage of tourists.  Don't worry Downey's you'll never see us or anyone we can prevent from coming in your crappy restaurant.  People don't just get up & leave a place if they want to return.  Get an education you dumb waitress.  Downey's should be grateful we even paid.  Others not being so kind would've just left.  DON'T COME HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE DISRESPECTED & RIPPED OFF!i love this bar. it's all neighborhood people, and there are always drink specials. I go on mondays for crocodile dentist + Marc's karaoke. (if you're lucky, Marc might even   play a song for you.) the bartenders are funny, welcoming, and very attentive. i highly recommend the pizza, as well as Chewy's BLUE GATORADE shot ......bangin. The owner is from Italy, and likes to break into some 80s hair metal on karaoke night - it's awesome. but honestly, if you've had a bad time, it's not THEM, it's YOU.I don't come here very often. The food is mediocre (though, to be fair I haven't eaten here for a while for that very reason) and table service couldn't be slower for simple drinks like, you know, a beer. Pretty much have to chase the waiter down to be served, then he might just bring you the wrong thing. Want to leave in a hurry? Nope, need to chase him down for the check too. I can sit here for 3-4 hours during the week when the restaurant is near empty and only get 2 drinks. Bad for business, bad for the waiter's pocket. Too bad, he seems a nice enough guy.
A couple of months or so back I dropped in with a friend for karaoke. He orders a Guinness. The bartender plonks 2 down in front of us. Eh, no thanks buddy, I didn't order yet. Honest mistake I guess, but it's just another thing to add to the list.
I come here now and then for events that interest me, but never any other time. I wish the owner would sell, can't help but feel the location and size gives this place bags of potential.So, after walking all of South street from Broad to Front street, we just decided to eat at the corner Downey's restaurant that looks like a bar out of Sin City.  I expected the place to be hoppin', but when we got inside, there was only one other couple having dinner.  This was a Friday night on South Street and the place was a ghost restaurant.  We started looking up reviews from Yelp and almost ran out of the place. The reviews were scary for someone who bases their meals out on them.  We almost walked, but decided not to listen to the choir. To my surprise, the food was completely edible, well presented and even satisfying.  As for service, when my draft beer tasted slightly off, the waiter replaced it with a bottle for no charge.  We ordered the lobster ravioli, two plates of alfredo and the crab/shrimp salad. I don't have much bad to say about Downey's, sorry Yelp.I really thought racism was dead along with disco, but I found out it was alive and well here. Had an issue where all the of the patrons were treated differently than I was (and the two differences were I was spending money and I was not the same skin tone). When I tried to address the owner who told the employee to treat me this way I got the run around. I left to never return again. Way to ruin a girl's night out. Thanks Downeys!Good friendly bar service, plenty of TV to watch sports &enjoya drink or even eat. Mens toliet is the hottest kost sauna like restroom i have ever peed in!!Wow three words for this place Dark, Dirty, Dump. Going upstairs to use rest room was a challenge, no lights on stairs. Bar rescue needs to come back and give this bar a bar funeral. Would give this place no stars but not an option.  Ladies room is hard to find and very out of way and a great place for a woman to be attacked.Wow.... Terrible. Had 1 1/2 hrs before work and since we recently moved to the Downey's area my husband and I went there for lunch after the lunch "rush". We paid for a hour parking outside and was seated by a hostess. After the server finish her text she made her way over to our table. My husband ordered a Brawler on draft and a water for myself as I went to the bathroom to wash my hands. Bathrooms were smelly and out of soap. Used a hand sanitizer I always have in my hand bag instead. We have ordered their app sampler, fish & chips and a chicken pot pie. The brawler was undrinkable. It was sour and the glass was grimey. He opt for a Corona in a bottle instead. 40 mins later our app arrived. Potato skins flesh part was black so needless to say didn't think it was safe to even tried the other options on the plate.  While waiting on our entrees we had to add time to our hour parking and still being starving. 30mins later we got up and ask for our tab. Never got our entrees and wasn't offered an apology. NEVER TO RETURN! NEVER!So I walk into Downeys tonight with a restaurant.com certificate not expecting much based on the ratings here .  To my surprise, I was extreamly pleased.  I had asked the waitress about the steak thinking its not a steak house so I should probably avoid it.  She talked me into ordering it.  The steak was as good if not better than any steak house in SJ/Phila.  The steak was a think cut strip, fresh not frozen, and properly seasoned and cooked to medium rare as I requested.   The mixed veggies of carrots, cabbage and broccoli were all cut fresh and cooked to perfection.  The baked potato was also fresh and not sitting around all day and re-heated to serve.  
Also ordered wings and scallops wrapped in bacon.  Both were also excellent.  The wings were also fresh, and the mild sauce was different from what is normally served. Probably fresh also based on the taste.  Based on the quality of the mild sauce, and the care in preperation, I would love to see a garlic/parm sauce offered on the wings. 
Service was also good. Francesca served us well and was very friendly.
If your looking for quality fresh food with great prices, than this is the place to go.  I highly reccomend everyone try this establishment based on my experience.  I dont usually rate any restaurant 5 stars, but again you can not beat the freshness of the food, the quality, and the service for the price.  They are cash only which caught me by surprise, but with the reasonable pricing I fully appreciate that.I have never seen Downey's dirty, I have NEVER SEEN A ROACH THERE, the bathrooms are always clean, the pub grub, good pubgrub. Its not a fine dining experience. As for racism.. I can't even fathom it. I've been there for several karaoke nights.. which are all multi racial.. everyone of all shapes sizes and colors (and ages) have a good time together. The ONLY time I ever saw them turn anyone away is rowdy guys with gang colors. 
I've gone for lunch and the staff has always been friendly.. I even went on some big event days, July 4th and Philly Gay Pride day.. it was very busy but I got great service and friendly attitudes. 
I am from Brooklyn NY originally and have found SOME venues are a big racially divided and bigoted in this town and it blew my mind coming from AND growing up in a very mixed neighborhood (Park Slope) and basically living in the vicinity most of my life.. But Downey's is not one of them. I felt comfortable there because it reminded me of home.While in Philly, last night I visited Downey's with a group of friends. It was an awkward situation to say the least. The waitress seemed to be feeling very good. I think she might have been under the influence of something, I hope so for her sake anyway. That would seem like an understandable explanation for the weirdness of the dining experience.
Crab wontons might have been the best I've ever had (tons of crab meat).
Coconut shrimp were gigantic and juicy.
Chicken wings are actually inexpensive, but only fried with flour and accompanied with bowls of hot sauce on the side.
The leg of lamb looked delicious but did not have a lot of meat. (I didn't taste) (this was a second choice of a friend who was finally told after a considerable amount of time had passed that the stuffed salmon was no longer available).
The Scallop Appetizer was okay.
Waitress seemed to be rather disoriented. She couldn't hear at a reasonable level. She continuously took orders for items they didn't have On one occasion she took an order for what she said was her favorite drink, daiquiris. It amazed me that she didn't know they didn't serve her favorite drink. Hmmm... She repeatedly made different excuses for her lack of good service. It wasn't upsetting, just awkward. I just hope she had a good time which would explain everything.
Overall the food was very good though. Additionally, the prices were reasonable.Came here on a Sat afternoon and the place was pretty busy but not swamped.  Took a seat at the bar and it took about 10 min to get any contact from the bartender even though the bar area was pretty quiet.  Decent selection of beer with avg prices.  Wide variety of food but went with a bunch of appetizers.  Wings, potato skins, chx quesidilla and chx fingers.  All were below avg.  By this time it was about 7:30pm and the bar was pretty much dead so the bartender had no choice but to warm up to us. He gave us a couple free shots which was nice of him.  But after everything i would not recommend this place. Slow service and poor food.Ok so I went here for resturant week, it wasn't the worst food ever but it wasn't the best either. The service was good, the food was plentiful. This is not a romantic place at all... It actually looks a bit dengy.  I felt like I was in a bar not a resturant... I probably will never go back...I haven't been in Downey's in almost 7 years.  It will be another 50 before I set foot in again.  The bartender was nice, in an obvious tough situation.  The other patrons/regulars: rude.  The bathrooms: disgusting (my DH reported vomit in the men's room; the ladies' room merely had broken faucets).  What was odd is that the credit card swipe function did not work.  Did not work at all--none of the stations in the whole restaurant (?)  worked.  The owner happened to be there and reportedly was working on the situation.  We should've left whatever cash we could scramble and gotten the h**l out but we felt compelled to stay for another round...as long as we had to wait, we didn't want the bartender to be put out.  The credit card machine was reportedly fixed...except when we went to pay our tab.  We were forced to use the ATM on the upstairs level (cobwebs, etc.) and we got out.  No real damage, just a waste of $$.  NOW, we are reading Yelp and see reports of stolen credit card info.  We felt like there was something fishy going on from the beginning. Now, we plan to check our accounts hourly...if anyone there stole our info we will be their worst nightmare!  NEVER go here.  Not worth it.If I could give minus stars, I would.
Well, let's see.  I can think of at least 4 horrendous experiences I have had here.  So let's just do the best of the worst  because it involves the owner.
My friends and I had gotten off of work and gone to Downey's.  At the time, this was something we often did and the owner recognized us as did the karaoke DJ and one bartender; we were regulars.
It was the end of the night and one of the guys suggests doing a round of shots to end the evening.  Sounds fine so off he goes to spend 25 or so bucks on the round and comes back.  We all raised our glasses and one of the men looks into his glass and makes a SOUND,a sort of I-think-I-am-going-to-be-sick sound.
There was a fly in his shot. 
Well, that about did it for us.  The guy who got the fly went to complain and was told "maybe one of your friends played a joke".  We were insulted, to say the least.  Then the guy who bought the round went to complain and was told BY THE OWNER that since the register was closed, there was nothing he could do. Hey owner!  Here is what you do for a regular who was given a gross drink, and then insulted, when your register is closed: you give them a gift certificate.  You open your wallet and hand him a twenty!  ANYTHING!  But to stand there and say "Oh gee. There is nothing I can do" is absolutely UNFORGIVABLE!  And then the DJ decided he needed to be involved and jumped in. "Yo, I know you guys!  You are here all the time on Saturdays.  Next time you come in, I will make it up to you." Owner says "See that?!"  
Long story short, the owner did not make it right.
I would rather lick my cat's ass then go to Downey's.Apparently there's no way to give zero or negative stars. Whatever you do don't eat here OR go for drinks. Save urself the money and aggravation & walk down two doors to pietros. This place has horrible service, horrible drinks & bad food. Lobster bisque is the only good thing. Had to send our drinks back twice. Gross.Met some friends for drinks last weekend and was surprised at the negative reviews on Yelp. Decent beer prices and surprisingly good food. The service was great, our waitress was a sweetheart and made sure none of us had an empty glass. All in all we had a good time and would definetly go back.I really can't fathom the 1 star reviews here and can only assume they are extremely outdated opinions. Downey's is a totally fun place that really stands out from many of the crowded Irish bars in the same area that are full of half-wits, loud-mouths and generally drunken a-holes. It's really only second in awesomeness to the amazing The Irish Times, which is right around the corner.
I like to come to Downey's on Sunday night for quizzo followed by karaoke. The bartender, Chris, is as friendly as they come (and pretty easy on the eyes too - rawr!) Quizzo host Jim keeps things upbeat, and karaoke is rarely as scary as I'm used to seeing it. It's a really fun time!
All this nonsense about the bathrooms just seems vindictive and personal. The men's room is a 3/5 stars, but have you BEEN IN the restrooms in South Street bars? In comparison, this place's loo is like the Taj Mahal.
The only food I've tried is the fish and chips - just fine - and the pizza - nummygood.
All in all if you want a slightly lower key but still fun crowd to hang with for your Guiness and chips, this is a great choice.Downey's is the reason for me creating this account. Mainly, because it was simply a disgrace. How they are still in business is beyond me? 
So, on the way home from the Phillies game, we decided to stop in since we had seen the bar rescue episode again and thought, why not? Well, we walked in and the "host" sat us in the corner behind some creepy old DJ booth of some sort. We ordered beers and our waitress, was cocky but nice. She came back and we weren't really feeling the place, so we decided to just order nachos for an app and call it a night. While we waited 20 min for these nachos, we watched the table behind us have issues with the food and complain. The guy actually went outside bc he was so irritated with the situation. As his wife was leaving, clearly annoyed herself, we asked how their meal went. She said her soup was gross & her husband ordered a lobster dinner that never even came out! They refused to take off her soup & she took the rest home for her dog.
Then our nachos come. It was dry nachos with maybe 4 tomatoes and a ton of lettuce. No cheese or anything. It was gross. We asked to have the nachos taken off and to have the bill for the drinks. Being a server myself, I told her we would still take care of her. She legit responded with "I can't take them off, not unless there is something wrong with them. The owner doesn't take stuff off bc you don't like something!" I was speechless. She said she would try to take care of it and I went to the bathroom.. In the dungeon. While I was gone she came back and told my fiancé that she could not take the nachos off and would offer them at 20% off. I came back and told her to just give us the bill and we will pay for what we consumed. She finally came back 10 min later and said "she pulled some magic and got the app removed." gee, thanks for the favor. And went on to tell us that bar rescue made this place worse off. That they ripped holes in the wall for cameras and such, and just left it. Also, the bathrooms on the show weren't theirs and so on. She then said john tafata from bar rescue called her that week and offered her a job for another restaurant bc she is so great! Hahaha. Please. just stop.
The place is a dive. And I actually enjoy the normal dive bar, but the place puts dive bar on another level.
Needless to say, we won't be back. And can't imagine how the place will stay in business much longer.Came here for dinner and it was Ok.  The place was pretty empty for a Thursday night.  Its an old and smelly place but what else do you expect from an Irish Pub.  Waiter was nice and quick.  Disappointed that they didn't have the Manhattan clam chowder.  French onion soup was good.  We enjoyed the crab cake platter and chicken pot pie.  Wouldn't suggest ordering the clams.  Sauce was good but the clams were a joke.Cons: 
- We were under the impression this was an Irish bar, but there were 4 pages of Italian dishes and only 5 Irish dishes. 
- The table was very sticky.
- Our food took well over 40 minutes to come out.
- The filet mignon was ordered medium, but was delivered very very well done.
- They were out of the baked potatoes that were supposed to come with the filet mignon, so they substituted fries without informing us.
- The fries were a soggy, mushy mess.
Pros 
- The pizza was pretty good.
- Our waitress was very attentive and apologetic about our insane wait time for our food.Nice atmosphere here for karaoke and convenient location for me. Nice balcony for dining overlooking the Penn's Landing area, Moshulu, I-95 from the second floor. Don't know too much about the food besides the fact I wasn't wowed by the appetizer wings but I was starving during karaoke so I just ordered before their kitchen closed. Brought an old roommate here for her birthday once. New Orleans style exterior attracted me to this location, passed by often but finally went in a few times.My husband are from Seattle and came here while we were on vacation in Philly because we saw the episode of Bar Rescue that featured Downey's and were pretty hopeful. Unfortunately we were very disappointed. They seem to have seriously slid back since the show. We were slightly annoyed because they have a $15 minimum on card purchases, but told the server we would order a third beer to get there and she took his card. The service wasn't good, the bartender then walked past my husband's empty beer glass 5 times before he decided to get her attention and ask for the third beer. He also remarked that the first beer he ordered tasted infected, he believes they haven't been properly cleaning their beer lines. We both also had concerns about the cleanliness of the glasses (something that was seriously stressed on the show) - overall, the experience was a serious letdown and if we lived in Philly we would definitely not be back.Went there yesterday, the place was empty, maybe 4 people at the bar and one table of a family of four. Ordered drinks and food. It took 15 minutes to get a beer. Another half hour to get the food. Two of the dishes were undercooked. At this point one of the bartenders asked us to kick him so he could leave when a tour bus came for lunch. So empty pub on a Saturday now has 3 booths and 3 tables filled and 3 waitstaff and 2 bartenders and they act the they are being put off by working. Also what is the deal with having a pizza menu and not being able to make pizza. Pizza oven in plain view of dining area has trash and debris piled on it and around it. Mediocre food and employees mocking customers is the reason this place was failing a year ago. Guess Spike and Bar Rescue did nothing to change the way management runs this historic location. Wound up going to another much busier bar and waitstaff had a drink in my hand within 5 minutes and food was actually cooked!
Something needs to change at Downey's fast. It was sad to see it like this after living in Philly for years.Oh, and while I was at the bathroom our waiter/manager said to my table that it was so busy yesterday that a few waitresses didn't show up today due to the high amount of tips they received the night before, and that "this is what happens when you give women money". What kind of idiot says that to a table of mostly women... Maybe those waitresses were tired of working at such a horrible place. Scummy, scummy place.I wish I could give zero stars. Literally just left. I have worked the bar/restaurant business for years and this definitely the worst experience I ever had. The place was completely dead and it still took a while for the bartender (and there were 2) to ask me if I wanted a drink. Then I had to ASK for a menu. After waiting 20 minutes I had to ASK to place an order. When my beer was empty I had to physically get up and get the bartenders attention to get me another drink. I had to ASK where my chicken fingers were after 35 minutes only to be told "oh sorry the printer in the kitchen was out of paper so your order never went through". Then I got food that was not what I ordered. I had to get up and ASK for another beer. Then I had to fight 19 year olds to get to the bathroom and get the check. Worst rude completely inattentive bartenders I have ever met. I will not be going back and no one I know will ever go at all.Beyond bad!
Terrible service, bartender didn't even know what style of beers he had when he finally showed up after I waited 10 minutes at the bar. While I waited another couple left due to lack of service.
I went to use the nasty restroom and both sinks we're broke. 
Seriously after the bar rescue there a couple years ago I was shocked to see what a toilet this place is...sad, I was hoping for something good...not!Very much enjoyed this place, twice while on a four day trip to Philly. Great location, quiet, comfortable atmosphere, great food, everything we ordered was great, no complaints at all, GREAT BAR TENDERS!! TV's all over, a good selection of Irish and Italian dishes, on their huge menu that has just about everything on it. I loved it! :) Good drinks, good food, great atmosphere! :) We will be back!Saw a show on tv that renovated this place... they shouldn't have stopped. A side window was cracked. Service was sub-par. Food was ok. Will not be coming back.I liked the fact that we went in at around 9pm and they had a full menu available to us. 
We had the wings and the pizza with mozzorella and sausage and both were great! 
The bartender was very friendly and we enjoyed our time there. There is a parking lot across the street which makes for an easy in and out.An irish pub that pulls their guinness straight is lucky to get even one star.  Barman clueless - how do they get away with this?There is a reason that I'm a regular here.  It starts with the location- it's really the anchor of South Street (one of the funkier parts of Philly). George (the tall grey haired man perched on the ice box behind the bar) is not only the best bartender in Philly, he's in the running for best in the world. JImmy Duffy's Tuesday night quizzo is always entertaining. The regulars provide the pub with true Philly character. It is not unusual to run into a local sports figure or two on any given night (sometimes they may even be dancing the bar top!) The food is excellent and there's a daily happy hour buffet from 5 to 7. See ya there. Be good or be gone.And it'll stay at 5-stars. :) Decently priced drinks, great atmosphere, friendly bartenders, and an interesting time depending on the hour the night.Thursday early dinner. Place was empty for a reason. Terrible service. Terrible food. Ladies room flooded, credit card machine broken. Ick, Ick, Ick.I've been here many times. The food (dinner) is really good- huge portions! So for the price, you get leftovers or can split the meal. Stick to appetizers if you're not that hungry. Even the sandwiches are huge. They have beer specials during games. The only downside is the staff sometimes isn't all that friendly.
If you have kids, I'd go during the day or early evening. They have tables next to open windows for an outdoor feel and people watching.Went here in February for an event. Frozen taps? If I wanted bottled beer, I would have bought a six pack from literally anywhere else. No credit cards, accepted, but a handy ATM with fees is available? No thanks. 
No complaints about the staff itself. They were pleasant. There are much better bars out there, though.Even after it was on Bar Rescue, this place is a huge disappointment and I just don't get it. 
Was there last night for quizzo, and they were literally out of half the stuff on the menu. On top of that, the stuff we did get - chicken fingers and wings - was awful. How does anyone mess up chicken fingers and fries? 
The service was terrible and the waitress, despite having just two tables at 8 p.m. on a Thursday night, was all over the place and told me she had to run my card again even after I signed and got a receipt.
For a place that's at Front and South in Philly, it's a complete mess and it's a shame. Used to be a great spot but now it's brutal.We've lived in the neighborhood for a while but had never gone to Downey's. For better or worse we decided to swing by last night since we had been given a gift certificate by our local gym that was about to expire. To start the place has a ton of potential, but unfortunately this potential is wasted. The decor was bad, the food was mediocre at best, and the service was horrendous. We had a pizza that was supposedly made in the wood burning brick oven and some wings. The pizza came out of the back and never made it into or came out of the brick oven that was within view of our table. The wings were ok, they were of the frozen variety, deep fried and doused with bland buffalo sauce. Our beers were ok, in that they were beers but I am fairly certain that my goose island was actually a bud light or coors light. I would not recommend this establishment to anyone. I'm actually surprised that it remains open but I guess selling cheap buckets of crappy beer is appealing to some folks.Poor Service.  Took forever to get our drinks.   Food order was incomplete in wrong 3 times.  Quality of food is nothing special either.  Ordered a corn beef special and it came out on rye toast.  Is that normal?  I never had it that way.  Regardless, when they asked what kind of bread, I said Rye.   I didn't say rye toast.  Won't return there.Went here last nite with wife for 12th anniversary of our first date which we had here in 2002 and have tried to go every year. I don't remember alot of the years but I do remember seeing the place on Bar Rescue or whatever the show was...after the show I noticed the menu seemed more limited and pricey than before,so we skipped that year. Back to present,the online menu looked normal again and despite the many mixed reviews here on yelp we decided to give it another try. All I can say is I do agree with some of the comments such as clumsy staff etc. Let me just say that it most certainly is a Philly 'Irish' bar,noise and all! The patrons were so loud...at the bar and even in the restaurant part. 6pm and they were already drunk...but that's Philly. The waitresses we had the past couple times were similar,a bit brash...and also as the local fare would have it walked around complaining about how stressed they were. It was 5pm and there were like 6 people to wait on...that's stressful? Honey you might need to go back to Wawa or wherever you came from then; As far as the food,the past couple times we were there they were 'out' of what one of us ordered. After going over the menu a few times and discovering they didn't have burgers on the dinner menu I opted for the pizza...well they came back and said no can do because our 'pizza guy' wasn't there yet^ So the regular cooks don't know how to make pizza? I could make pizza and I'm not a cook. And as far as only accepting cash,not sure who does that but I did see something about someone complaining their card was breached there so not sure if that was the reason. Anyway,however this place started off,whether it was just a bar to begin with and then expanded into a restaurant or whatever should probably just go back to doing bar since it seems to be the only thing they can handle.I completely agree with Caitlin C. And.. to top it off, the bartender was inattentive and borderline rude. This place is not that special to put up with the shady dining room, mediocre food and so-so service.Lobster lunch is now $20. I didn't knock the star rating down though; I think we have oil/gas prices to thank for the change in pricing...This place was alright. Not excellent, not bad, just alright. The shepherd's pie appeared to be rather run-of-the-mill. My friend's wife makes it way better.Just want to say out of all the south street restaurants I've been to this has the best customer service I've seen and I was raised in Philly awesome service and food you definitely need to try this place!!!!!!really, how could I go back here after seeing the Bar Rescue episode where food safety violations should shut it down? Did the show make up filming a week long dead mouse lying in the kitchen? Spoiled potato salad?
if this "world class chef" allowed the simple things to go bad before the show, you can bet they've reverted as soon as the cameras left.
Either the show lied and they should be sued -- or the bar is so connected they have no fear of any health violations.
But you should.
It gets 1 star because this site won't let me do no stars.This is my second review and another great meal here.  Steak was excellent again.  A perfect 10 with the veggies.  Also ordered a ceaser salad and it was also a 10.  Topped it off with a side of ribs which I probably wouldn't order again.  Very meaty, not a great taste.  Did steal a slice of pizza from some guy sitting next to me and it was incredible. You could tell it was made with great ingredients right down to the flour.  Not at all greasy which indicate quality cheese and cooked to perfection.  Next time I am ordering a whole pie.
Service was also great.  Paul is an excellent bar tender.  This place is a must try for foodies.I don't know that I often give 1 star, but I would really give less if I could. Downey's actually caused us to laugh at how horrible it truly was, all the way.
We walked into this empty bar and there was some horrendous smell, but we had a $50 GC so we were in good spirits anyway. We were awkwardly sat in a lit area and there wasn't any music at first, then we heard very quiet backstreet boys. Our waitresses tended to disappear here and there, even though no one else was there.
We ordered a lot of food for the pair of us, giving us a chance to taste a lot of the menu. We got the fish and chips, a bowl of baked potato soup, dumplings, an appetizer platter, and something else I can't quite remember. Anyway, it was all terrible. TERRIBLE. LAUGHING OUT LOUD HOLY GOD HOW COULD THIS ALL BE SO BAD?! I did get 3 huge pieces of over-battered fried fish with my chips, but it wasn't good. Still, I guess it was okay. The fries tasted stale and steeped in oil, while still being hard. The soup actually tasted too cheesy. I didn't think that was possible, but the two of us couldnt finish it because it was so heavy, and it was the best thing we ordered. The dumplings came fried to hell, which I did not anticipate because the menu did't say fried dumplings. The appetizer platter came with potato skins (the best part), hard chicken fingers, hard fries, hard and soggy everything, even wings- we packed it all up to go and then didn't really eat any of the leftovers, we just laughed at them when we opened the fridge. We decided not to risk it on the dessert trio, and left with a downey's parking voucher. That voucher might give them the 1 star.
It was a shame because we went in very optimistically with nothing to lose.
OH ALSO, if you go downstairs to the bathroom you might get the feeling you're about to be murdered or consumed by underground vampires.I've been to Downey's a bunch of times over the past five years and it's usually been a very pleasant experience.  Nothing fancy but good food at a good price.  
We hadn't visited in about 6-8 months so we decided to go for dinner this weekend and were surprised to find out they no longer accept credit cards - it's cash only.  Would have been nice to be informed of the change prior to being presented with the bill (like when we were being seated).  The waitress told us the change happened two weeks ago and they keep forgetting to tell people.  I ordered the signature drink I saw on the table top card which was supposed to be served with lemon and lime.  They were out of limes.  What kind of bar runs out of limes?  I tried to order a few items from the menu but they were out of some of the ingredients and couldn't make them.   I settled for a salad, and they were out of the dressing it was supposed to come with it.  The tomatoes and cucumbers in the salad tasted like they were a few days past their prime... mushy and soggy.   From the looks of things, Downey's won't be around much longer. Switching to cash only is never a good sign.  Too bad, I'll miss this place.Everytime we visit Philly we stop here for a meal.  Even yeasterday we stopped for lunch before heading back to NY becasue my girlfriend loves their lobster, which is only $16.95 for 2lbs & starch w/vegatable. We also get them stuffed w/crab for additional $ but def well worth it. 
I have tried the soup sampler which is very good but also very filling.
My only complaint is on 2 occasions that we have been there the wait for our entree is excessivly long and every time they serve them they are not correct and need to be returned. SInce the deal is so good and the quality we seem to come back but this last time after 30 min wait for the steamed lobster & it was on a Sunday at 2pm so the resturant was not really packed they served them w/out the stuffed crab so we needed to wait another 10min.This place is good, not great. Tried the crab cake dinner and it was good, not the best I ever had. My husband got the lobster far diovlo and liked it. I recommend this place if you want cheap whole lobster (2lbs for about $24) no frills.The food was just okay. My elbows stuck to the table and my dishes were not clean. This place needs to be on bar rescue. We walked in here and had to walk around to find someone to seat us. The bartender completely ignored the fact that we walked in and looked confused. We got a 20% off coupon for our NEXT meal. We won't be coming back to use it.This place is like a roller coaster, up and down, up and down... A few years ago it was great, then went down hill. Then it seemed to get it's act together again there for a while. But the last time we went down it seemed to fall back out of standards again. Obviously just no consistency at all. The bartenders seemed to just not want to be there, they just kept giving away free,drinks and drinking themselves while on the job as well. I just hate the unpredictability of this place and,never knowing which side you're going to see when you go here.Went there to watch a Phillies playoff game, so it was sort of crowded.  It was Happy Hour until 7pm, and so drinks, pizzas, appetizers were half-off.   I ordered a pizza that the waitress had recommended, and I waited for over 30 minutes for my food.  Once it finally arrived, I began eating a slice, and the waitress raced back to me and said, "Oh, no!  Did you begin eating?  This isn't your pizza.  Oh, well.  I'll just tell them that a slice fell off the plate." She then proceeded to serve the pizza I had already started eating to another table.  I waited--without exaggeration--another 45 minutes for my pizza.  The pizza I had ordered was supposed to have arugula, but what was served to me was instead topped with the sort of spring lettuce mix that you'd find at Trader Joe's.  That aside, the pizza was not worth the wait.  
When the check came the amount was off, so I had to wait ever longer through this whole ordeal to have it corrected, which at that point was profoundly irritating.
AND THEN...IF IT COULDN'T GET ANY WORSE...as I waited for my corrected check, a cockroach walked across the bar.  A living, breathing cockroach!  It crawled over the beer tap, and disappeared behind the bar among the glasses.  I can handle semi-decent Happy Hour bar food and order mix-ups during a playoff game, but a cockroach I cannot get over.
Needless to say, I shall not be returning.I went here for a date and I had no expectations about what to expect from this Irish Pub. From the start something didn't seem right with the staff. Our waitress seemed like a well intentioned person who maybe didn't have her head on straight.
She approached the table half way the through the evening and almost gave us a phone that belonged to another couple.
Perhaps she couldn't see (barely light) or she had bad vision. More than likely she hadn't been properly trained because she would have known our names before approaching us.
Besides the iffy/entertaining service I would say the evening at Downey's wasn't bad.We only went to this place because it was on bar rescue. I unfortunately did not open yelp until I got to the restaurant.  I wish I would have. We were greeted as we walked in and brought to an area in the back. The place just seemed dirty and that it probably seen better days. The menu has lots of options .... Maybe a bit too much after eating there. For an Irish bar they only have 5 options. I asked the server for a recommendation and she said the pasta dishes and the Irish dishes. I went with the chicken pot pie.  It took a very long time to get to the table and it was very filling. It's $14.95 and it's served in the same dish as their French onion soup. The chicken pot pie was basically just chicken and potato soup with a piece of puff pastry on top. And that's all you get. It's just a fancy soup for 15 bucks.  It was not worth the money. The water has a weird taste.  Service was ok not the best. Our server kept sharing things about the restaurant that a customer does not need to know. I would not go back to this place. There are so many other great places in Philly.It's probably best to skip this place.
 It's a super nice place in the city I don't even mind the atmosphere inside the restaurant, but the food is mediocre at best. 
I got a meatball sandwich that fell apart when I tried to eat it. Meatballs were okay, not gunna complain. But I will complain about the fries. Well, I'll give Downey's the honor of saying that these fries are the worst fries I've ever had in my life. And I've had my share of fries. So congrats to Downey's on that. They were 80% grease and 20% ... Well. I'll just call it 'crunchy stuff.' 
Food was greasy, service was extremely slow and unhelpful. We wanted the window open and it was very heavy, so the waitress said she'd ask the bartender. He never came to help. So. 
My dad says his pork sandwich was practically inedible. He said if he was literally starving, it would have been great. But he wasn't, so he left most of it in the plate.  
When we sat down, I read the Yelp reviews, not believing that this place was as bad as everyone said. It is. Trust your fellow Yelpers on this one. Just keep walking past Downey's if you know what's good for you.Downeys has a mixed crowd. There are always regulars at downeys there who are a bit older but there are also younger kids that come out. 
They usually have karaoke at intervals of the night and some really funny people sing. This isn't really a place you'd go to dance or move around and mingle. But the atmosphere is still relaxing.
Tom the bartender is very friendly. 
The bathrooms are usually pretty bad. Because they're swinging doors with latches and drunk people sometimes walk in on you. Or there's usually water on the floor.
It was a lot of fun on saint party's day when a ton of people and a singing contest.this place has a really cool vibe, 60 min on tap and a cool selection of pizza. Wish the service was a little better (ran into a sanfoo when using a groupon, the waitress got an attitude and we had to ask for a manager), and a few more beers on tap, and an easy 4 stars, with that said, id go back if I'm bored on south street...Have been here before a few times at the bar only, drinking only.  I wish my last experience was only drinks, what a disappointment.  We were sitting at the bar and wanted a bite.  Question:  Why does the bartender not take our  food order?  We were at the bar and a server came over to take our food order, Why? Am I wrong to think this is strange? I am over it immedietly,however,  and we gave our order.  
The food was simply not good.
Lobster Bisque:   It was served as cold as my beer
Jalapeno Poppers:  Cut in half for some reason.  They were served hot but being cut they were cold after the first half we ate.  Its premade and fried, just let it be.
Chicken fingers W/ FF:  So much salt, I thought it was someone trying to be funny.  I did not think it was.
I may have a beer, but never eat @ the bar there again.   Or in the restaurant dining room, but that is a whole other bad experience.  I have my thoughts as to why a bartender could think it be annoying but no thought as to how an establishment think that is efficient or have a positive guest perception.  It just threw me when I had to deal with someone other than the bartender sitting at the bar.  So boo this place with me for not being good.Don't waste your money or time.  This place is horrible, the food is awful, the atmosphere was a tad depressing & it was literally empty, that should've been our "cue" to go elsewhere, but my friend wanted to give it a shot.  The waitress we had, she was nice, but she couldn't get a thing we ordered correct? We must have told her our order 5x plus & still, wrong things were brought to our table.  My friend had ordered french onion soup, it looked awful & he said it was cold & tasted terrible, sent back.  Our correct meals took forever to get to our table & our waitress was avoiding us & talking about us to another waitress, like we did something wrong? strange to me, treating customers that way.  To use the ladies room, I was directed upstairs, where it was pitch black, with chairs on top of tables, an empty bar & just a small light flickering over the "ladies" room sign, it was kind of creepy going upstairs to be honest. I'd never go back, Bar rescue or not, it was awful & so was the service & the food.  Someone needs to get it together in that place ugh!   She also messed up our drinks, I ordered a simple red wine & received white Zinfandel, had to hail down the waitress who again shot us dirty looks, the whole experience was awful.  I would give it ZERO stars if it were possible, McDonald's has better, friendlier service & that's saying a lot LOLI wanted to order something to eat of the menu and the first three things I picked they were sold out. This happens a lot.After the bad reviews, I was expecting worse but we both really enjoyed it! We went for late night drinks and food. we sat next to the open windows which is great on a nice evening. Our server was great and friendly, the food was delicious and prices were fair. We'll be returning for the bucket of beer deal! Try it!Stopped in for a beer while walking around Philly. They have a lot of Yards on tap, which is great and their prices aren't too bad. The 2nd floor balcony is a great place to have a  drink while enjoying the weather and I'd definitely stop by again if I was in the area.As much as I wanted to give this place a try - we had a buy one get one for an entree - it was a bad decision as there are so many other great places to experience in that area!!  To start off, we were not welcomed very warmly, but instead asked three times if we had cash because they only accept cash. When we finally ordered drinks, the waiter spilled my cranberry vodka all over my lap and came to wipe it up with a dirty towel. He left me with that beverage to finish drinking and never brought me a new one. 
I ordered a salad, which was edible but certainly not great. My boyfriend got the fish and chips I believe, which he said were decent. When we finally got the bill, I assumed that they would have taken the spilled drink off, but they did not! At that point I was so done with everything that I put up no fight. 
At this point in the night I will be honest that I had a few drinks and did not remember how much cash I had put in to pay for the bill, but was 90% sure that I had put in enough to pay the bill and tip. I knew I had put more than the $20 bill in. After I returned from the bathroom the lovely waiter that spilled the drink on me found me and said I only gave him $20. I said I was certain I paid at least enough for the bill in there. His response was that he may have mixed up my money or some nonsense. I left and was on my way. 
I certainly will not be returning no matter how good of a coupon I have!!! Biggest mistake ever!Subtract 2 stars to make this a minus 1 star. If it wasn't for the most happiest, smiley, pleasant manager numerous stars would be falling. To say the establishment was in bad shape is being too kind. The food (presentation..who cares..there wasn't any) definitely isn't edible. The service, I think she was all of 18 or 19 yrs of age, but that could be the only compliments he gets if she was older. She made "Clueless" look like a genius. 
We attempted this location even after seeing bar rescue on Food Network. Apparently management/ownership  could care less, or maybe they're also "Clueless." Robert Irvine where are you?What a disappointment. Decided to try this restaurant on a Friday evening for dinner. The place was not busy but there were some customers. There was one server and it took the server at least 10 minutes to even recognize us. Food was below average and the prices are expensive for the quality of the food. It was an unpleasant dining experience and we will never come back. There are other places you can try along South Street.I have gone to Downey's now several times...each time worse than the last!  Last night myself and three friends wanted to go out for some dinner and drinks, and I actually suggested Downey's...WHAT WAS I THINKING?!?!?! Let me just start by saying this was the last chance I will give this place.  
Drinks: 
took 25 mins. to arrive (for 3 draft beers and a vodka/cran)
Service)
Terrible, trying to find the waitress was like trying to find Jimmy Hoffa - IMPOSSIBLE!  When she did finally appear it was as if we were being a nuisance wanting more drinks.  Her attitude left much to be desired!
Food:
Reasonably priced, but you get what you pay for...there is a reason their 2lb lobster was only $18...I ate three bites of my Chicken Sullivan and literally had to go vomit in the ladies room...gross!  Greasy, cheesy, and full of salt...makes my stomach turn rehashing it in my mind.  The Nachos were the best part of the meal, but even they were piss-poor.  
Drink Specials: 
$2-Tuesday...ONLY AT THE BAR, Don't let the waitress fool you into thinking you are getting the specials at the table, like she did to us.  We were charged $2 for the shots, but full price for the drafts...can you say CROCK-O-(&@&!!!! When I spoke to the manager he had nothing to say...HELLO we just spent $120 on food alone and you are arguing with me about the drink specials...when you advertised $2 Tuesday with NO MENTION of it being at the bar only....At least you could apologize, this jerk simply gave the run around about it being policy...YO JERK, we were the ONLY table in the dinning room!!! No wonder this place was dead.  Way to lose customers!
The only real highlight of the evening was the entertainment.  They had Karaoke, and the DJ was good!  He kept things rolling the entire night, and had a fantastic song selection!  
Take it from me...STEER CLEAR of this place...it has gone down hill!!!
Edit - 8/11/10
Just wanted to add...When checking my email today I saw that I had a message relayed from the owner of Downey's.  He heard about what had happened, and wanted to make things better.  It is reassuring to know someone there does care.  A thank you to him, coming from a guest perspective his acknowledgment of the situation makes all the difference.These guys are crooks, caution.
Very disappointed in this tourist trap. We brought my mother in law here from Ireland. A few people I know recommend this place. The food was very very average and extremely overpriced. The service was horrible and we waited a long time for the food. the staff was border line rude.The kicker is that my mother in law gave them a nice 20% tip even though they did not deserve it. A month later she looked at her statement and the check was fifty dollars more than on her recepit. the waiter I gues felt like he deserved a 50% tip on top. They denied wrongdoing and she had to fight it with her credit card. thank goodness she kept the receipt. What out for these crooks go elsewhere!Okay, let's see.....it takes up a nice chunk of Front & South. What strikes you at first is the aesthetics of the place. Lots of wood, windows, deck, brass, etc. You can tell that it was designed & built with the best of intentions...and unfortunately fallen far short of all of them. 
I've been here a few times. Several years ago, then a couple of times more recently over this past summer (supporting a friend who was doing open mic nights here for some inexplicable reason). 
The first thing that hit me was the smell. Not exactly sure what it is, the plumbing, sinks, floor? I've smelled it before, it's like a putrid mix of aged beer/drink spillage and mildew only dirty bars have. It makes it hard to stay there for extended periods of time. I don't know how the staff handles it for the duration of a shift.
I use the restroom - frat house bathrooms seldom look this bad. Broken mirrors and general disarray. 
Service, food.....all things considered, it's not important to even get into. Eating or drinking there will hopefully never cross my mind again.
The kicker for me is that the place has SO much potential if whoever owns it gave half-a-shit and made any effort to shape things up, but they obviously don't - and it shows. 
With that location and square footage, it's kind of an injustice that it has been allowed to operate the way it does.My wife and I went here last night. We frequent the restaurants in the area and have wanted to try Downey's for a while. The decor is dark and drab and we were seated in a very crammed spot off to the side. The beer menu is disappointing considering the area. The menu looked good but the food that followed was a huge disappointment. My wife ordered chicken pot pie which she described as bland and overly greasy. I ordered bangers and mash. Guess what I got? Breakfast sausage. No I'm not kidding. Downey's will not be a repeat for us.Steer clear of this place.  Food was terrible.   Drinks tasted weird.  I'm thinking it's their water/ice.  A regular coke was not consumable due to the weird aftertaste.  If they could improve the food and drinks they serve this place could be something.  Has a lot of character and ambiance.  We were visiting from out of town and liked the  exterior looks and stupidly didn't check the reviews.  Never again.  My husband and I had the lobster special.  The lobster didn't taste fresh even though we were told it was.  My friend didn't like her chicken pot pie.  The food just sucks all around.  I'd rather eat at McDonald's honestly and I haven't eaten there since 1999.Downeys has really gone down hill in the last several years.  I remember years ago (like 9/10 years ago) Downeys was the place to go.  The menu was great, and there was always a wait to get in.  We hadn't been down south Street in YEARS and we walked down the other day.  Downey's is a shell of what it used to be.  The Bartenders are still great and the beers are still cold.  Great place to get a smooth drinking pint.  But all else was a fail.  Food was not great, the chairs were loose and ricketty.  We were one of maybe 7 or 8 people in the whole place at 9 on a Saturday.  This was not the Downey's I remember waiting 20-30 minutes at times to get seated.  Downeys needs to re-invent itself.  Get rid of the menu and just keep like 10 things on there, TOPS, and do those 10 things really really well.  It's in a great location and its surrounded by really nice restaurants and it needs to keep up.  It's too bad.  It's in the only part of South Street that I find enjoyable.I'm pretty sure this is where people go to die.
The only reason I was here is because of the Karaoke Finals. No, I was not a participant. I know someone who was. So, we went.
I've made a huge mistake.
Let's list:
-Surly bartender upstairs
-Lack of stock at bar upstairs
-Surly waitress downstairs
-Expensive, AWFUL food ($8 for 3 chicken fingers and a handful of fries?!?!?!?!?!)
-Holes in the ceiling, which are also leaking
-Multiple bathrooms, but most are flooded
-Strangest clientele I've ever seen
Sartre got it wrong. Hell is this place.Haven't really gone here to get drunk,but, I have eaten here on many occasions. Great food and a really nice owner.My friend suggested Downey's as the drinking hole of the evening due to a fact he saw it on a show called "Bar Rescue". If this is a bar that's been rescued, what was it like before?
It took our server like 10 minutes to come over to take our order and close to 20 minutes to bring out our food. 1) The place was pretty dead (one other table and everyone else was at the bar) and 2) he had cold shrimp and I had a quesadilla, not too hard. Our server was also really pushing the drinks even though we told her we'd move to the bar after for drinks.
Once we paid our bill and moved to the bar, we found out why. $7 for a shot that didn't even taste like there was alcohol in it. After two of those, we called it a night and left in search of stronger drinks. (Which we found by the way at TGI Fridays)