A typical American diner in a very busy part of town. But this is a good thing. Sometimes you don't want to the upscale or trendy meal. Sometimes you just want a simple homecooked-like meal where you can forget about the bustling busyness of urban life and just relax for a bit in a cozy corner. 
The wait time on a Sunday morning at 10am was typical but they sat the 7 of us at two tables near enough that we could chat and fast enough that we didn't get annoyed. The service was fast and very good; the waitress knew what was on the menu and suggested what turned out to be a delicious Breakfast Burrito. 
The potatoes that came with breakfast are some of the best I've ever had! They were crispy but not burned, the seasoning was delicious, and they were not oily at all unlike a lot of hash-browns that I've had. (for clarification these aren't hash-browns, these are actual cubes of potatoes)
I would go back just for the burrito.
Edit 1 year later: I came back for the burrito and it was as delicious as I remember.does PA have a 'no breakfast after noon' rule?  the two of us ordered eggs, toast, and sausage and nothing else. the table of 8 orders lunch and got their food first! by the time my eggs arrived they were cold and disgusting, my b/fs eggs were piping hot! 
no love, no tip..Definitely diner food but not as greasy as most diners. I liked the smaller portions, as most restaurants serve portions that are ridiculously large. Nice atmosphere for a family breakfast and service was good.I had lunch there with a friend a few months ago and we both thought it was pretty bad. But today my husband and I gave it another chance. It was even worse. I had a BLT--hard to mess up but it was dry, with over cooked bacon and a couple of leaves of Lettuce. My husband had a biscuit with gravy and sausage. The gravy congealed like wallpaper paste. We won't be going back anytime soon. Disappointing because it used to be so good!I don't normally leave a sub-par review based on service. This is a case where it took 20 minutes for our very nice waitress to bring out the wrong order. She did try to correct it, but I was already late for work and had to leave. Our waitress compensated by giving me a free cup of coffee.The people pu-pu-ing this place need to remember, you shouldn't go to a place called "Down Home Diner" and expect Haute cuisine. I've gone to this place off and on since I was a kid, and their food has always been solid and tasty. I especially recommend the Sawmill Gravy and Biscuits. 
(Although I do agree that the uniforms; a fairly recent development, are ridiculous.)Service positive waitress Karen was super friendly took a bit longer than expected, pumpkin pancakes were yummy, biscuits were dry, location wasYuck, don't eat here. I was in Philadelphia on new Year's day and this was the only place open near the hotel. The eggs were way too runny, all of the vegetables were slimy and the food was overall just bad. The service was OK but when I got the bill the prices on the menu and what I was charged were completely different. I wouldn't eat here again if they paid me, sorry.I've been coming here for years now and was shocked by all the negative reviews. The huevos rancheros are my go to breakfast meal - along with chocolate chip pancakes - the best I've ever had! Meals here are usually quick and very inexpensive for the quality of food. The menu is very eclectic and always changing and most times includes something from other reading terminal vendors. Highly recommend this place to everyone!This was the only diner open that was close to the hotel. This placed sucked. The eggs were runny. The grits werent cooked all the way and were cold with dry shredded cheese on top. The asparagus On the omelette tasted like it came out of the can. The biscuit was dry and hard and the coffee was watered down. The only thing they didnt fuck up was the home fries which they threw in the deep fryer. I barely ate my food and the prices were way off. Who prices something as 7.17 if it was advertised as 5.99. The prices didnt make sense but we didnt want to be negative on New Years, But never again. Excuse me for the profanity but I have to keep it real. Service could have been better as well.I am not sure what is going on with breakfast in Philly and why it has to be served on salad plates (like Little Petes). As i travel, i usually have a large breakfast and skip lunch as I am in convention centers all day long.   
My company president and I ended up here when we found out to our dismay that Dutch Eating Place was closed on Tuesdays.  
He tried the scrapple and a short stack. we are still not sure what scrapple is but are pretty certain it is a high quality dog food.  
I had the philly scrambled, which was good, but very small. the four of five roasted potatoes with it were ok, but definitely not enough.  The white toast was pretty good, due to size and freshness.  
Coffee was acceptable.  I would not go back on my own volition, but if I went because others were going, I would not complain and give it another shot.Simple food. Had the country benny which is basically biscuits and gravy. Gravy was good. Corned beef hash was nice. Everything was cooked correctly, my over easy was perfect. 
Coffee was coffee though. I love good coffee, this was not good coffee. It was made with a minimum ammount of poor quality beans. 
The server was nice and attentive, all in all a good breakfast.I felt like since this was located in the Mecca of foodie places in Philly, the Reading Terminal Market, this place should have stepped up its game a bit. As it was, it was okay but not outstanding. My chicken sandwich was standard but not stellar, and fries fell flat. Our waitress was distracted so it was hard to wrangle her. 
Overall, I'd look elsewhere in the market for a dining option. While this was fine, you could surely do better with all the tantalizing food choices that abound.This place sells "Eat More Scrapple" t-shirts that have the scrapple recipe and history on the back.  That alone merits multiple stars.  I bought one for my West Coast friends who don't believe I actually eat the stuff.
Breakfast is the best option here. The scrapple was actually not my favorite; believe it or not, not all scrapples are equal and I prefer mine to be spicier.  But breakfast was pretty good and portions are big (if you're into that).They remodeled the place.  Plus is that it is now a tad prettier.  Minus, I think they changed their menu.  For lunch pretty standard sandwiches, burgers.  What happened to some of their unique stuff - jambalya?  I had their "catfish poor boy" - a decent, not great fillet on a massive burger bun (reminded me of the "where's the beef" commercial).  My wife had a grilled cheese, which was not really worth it.  Go to Dutch Eating Place (one of our faves) over this, and scratch this off our Reading Market list.  A shame.Five of us went to Sunday breakfast here. We got there before the crowd. On yelp it says they open at 8; on their door it says they open at 9; and they actually open at 7! Fun busy place. Good for families. Nice staff. Everyone enjoyed their breakfast-fruit cup with each meal is a nice touch. Bacon was amazing -even their turkey bacon is good. The homemade strawberry jam is a must. Try to eat just one serving. The only thing that was sub par were the cheesy grits; and I should know better than to order grits up north! Nice experience. Would certainly go back. 
P.S. bacon is really good.OMG...ended up at DHD after the BE Beautiful Expo. Ordered & saw about 4 parties come and go before we got our food (35 minutes). The smoked short ribs we ordered had a whitish gravy on it and it sure wasn't falling off the bone. The meat also had black burnt pieces on it. The server said that's why it took so long because it was smoked and that's why there were burnt pieces. Really?? Then I asked for free dessert. Didn't really get it but the server said they had apple pie. I thought maybe they could redeem this bad experience. I asked for ice cream on it. None...what?? But I like apple pie so I ordered it. It came back as apple crumb pie not apple pie. Now if you're an apple pie ala mode aficionado like me that will not do. Especially since the pie was ice cold. People don't heat up desserts anymore?? Sorry, won't go there again.The diner was empty when we entered and we should have seen that as an omen to turn around and leave. But no, we persevered. The Caesar salad was a small plate of chopped romaine and tomatoes wit LOTS of dressing. No croutons or anything. My friends grilled chicken tasted half way cooked and my turkey dinner with gravy had NO gravy!  The waiter apologized at how bad the food was at dinner hour. He said he has never worked at a place with such poor food quality. It was truly worse than any cafeteria food I've had. The gravy shows up and it is a salty black brew with veggie chunks...a disgusting mess. 
I told the manager the food sucked and he just laughed. We paid $33 for awful slop.Grabbed breakfast before leaving Philly. Thought the food and service was great. I would go back.We stopped here with our kids. The food was very yummy. The kids loved the pumpkin pancakes. This 5 star rating is also focused on the warm atmosphere and friendly staff. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive and went out of her way during a busy time to get each member of the staff to say hello to our kids and sign a napkin they had created to capture as memorabilia on our trip. The kids were so appreciative and happy!We had amazing food- creative twists on breakfast!  The ambience was bustling and pre- Christmas but service was fast! Waitress was nice and efficient! Would absolutely go back again! (And you can shop in the Reading Terminal Market afterwards!)A great addition to the already awesome Reading Terminal. The decor is pretty standard 50's style diner, nothing too exciting. It's a good thing we came here for the food, because we were very hungry when we had lunch here. Perusing the menu, I saw what I thought was a lot of standard diner fare. They had regular breakfast items, some burgers, salads and sandwiches for lunch. We were there for lunch, and ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and fish and chips. To start we got the black bean and sausage soup as well as cream of mushroom soup. Pretty standard, right? Wrong, the food was made unlike any other diner or restaurant I have ever been to. The chicken was extremely fresh, REAL chicken, not some processed breaded patty. The sauce was obviously homemade, great buffalo taste, but not spicy, just the way I like it, with fresh bleu cheese crumbles. The fish and chips used REAL fresh fish, skin and all, lightly breaded and fried up, a generous portion on both items. The soups were delicious and obviously fresh-made. This is no ordinary diner, I believe their cutting edge is their ability to buy all their foods fresh from the terminal they are located in.  The service was quick, no frills, and efficient.I used to love th Down Home Diner but that was some years back - evry Saturday morning for about ten years - but haven't been there for a while and had lunch yesterday.   Must have changed hands and changed cooks and servers - my server was more interested in cleaning her tables than taking orders.  I had the catfish po'boy sandwich which used to be a favorite - the catfish was dry - there was barely a whisper of the remoulade and the bun was supermarket quality - you have bakeries in RTM that are amazing!  I was served my coffee and the waitress disappeared totally - I had to flag another waiter for a refill and he was kind and got it for me even though it was not his station.  The fries were not freshly fried - they had the mealy taste of frozen fries and they were only lukewarm.   You have to pay the server now instead of the cashier so that was another fifteen minutes wait for that - and again to pay.    I've waited tables and I'm a generous tipper - however I gave the tip to the chap who got the coffee for me - I left a quarter for the server at my table so that she'll know it was for lack of service, not that I forgot to tip,   I used to take visitors to the diner but that was my last visit,  The Dutch eating place is miles better.  The nice waiter is the only reason for the starPerfect eggs, toast and coffee with quick service! Loved it! Great home fries, friendly wait staff and perfectly cooked eggs over medium - all for $7. Added a lot to my day of jury duty. The waitress even gave me more coffee to goWe had a disappointing return to the Diner.  The food was plentiful but basic.  The Diner would benefit from a retooling of their recipes and quality checks.  I ordered Shrimp and Grits.  The dish arrive quickly enough.  Unfortunately it was rather bland to the eye and the palate.  The shrimp were small and unseasoned.  The grits were a tad grainy and under cooked - also lacking in seasoning.  We ordered biscuits which arrived room temperature.  When I picked up a biscuit I found it was crisp on top and soft, almost soggy, on the bottom.  Not good.  The other diners ordered sides of scrapple and cheesy grits.  The scrapple portions were stingy for $3.00 - just a single piece of thinly sliced scrapple.  The 'cheesy grits' were plain grits with a tiny bit of shredded cheese plopped on top.  Lazy.   We had not been to the Diner in a few years.  I don't expect to go back.  There are so many great brunch options in Philly no need to waste time and money on lackluster food.Horrible.  I ordered the BBQ ribs and a side of collard green.   Everything tasted as though it was 3 days old.  The ribs were so dry  they crumbled apart like stale bread.  The greens tasted as though they had been soaking in vinegar for a week.  I sent my comments to the email address on the receipt and never received a response.Can safely say one visit here was enough for me. The food wasn't awful, it also wasn't great. Middle of the road diner fare with somewhat rushed service due to massive Sunday morning RTM crowds. Not the cheapest, either. Considering you're already in the market and surrounded by a bunch of other options, I'd suggest you skip down home diner.When I walked in, I had to ask a girl behind the bar who I have to see about getting seated. After she pointed to one of the employees, I got a dirty look as if I did something wrong as I started walking towards her. I told her I am here for a party of two, she grabbed two menus, walked to a  table and threw them down and walked away. Okay...
I ordered the fried fish and my friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich. I am not crazy about southern type food, so I can't say I totally enjoyed my food, but that is not the reason for two stars. The two stars is because of the treatment I got when I walked in, and because my mac and cheese was cold and the mashed potatoes were very bland. The tartar sauce was the yellow kind, which I am not crazy about either. My friend said her pulled pork sandwich was okay. I probably won't come here again.Stopped in for lunch and got a table quickly.  Had walked by around breakfast time and there was a wait so we thought we would try for lunch. The fried chicken was the best of the meals we ordered, BBQ burger was a disappointment, and the grilled cheese lacking.  The french fries were a merger portion which turned out okay as they weren't very good. Mac and cheese is a better bet than the fries. Waitstaff was good as was the coffee.Six years as a Philadelphia Resident and this was the first place I "enjoyed" the Philadelphia "delicacy" known as scrapple.  For that, I will always remember Down Home Diner.  An otherwise boring addition to the RTM, it seems to attract people mostly overwhelmed by the hustle-and-bustle of the market.
Anyone looking for a country feel in an otherwise tourist infused market, this is the place to grab a seat and rest while you indulge on your favorite diner fare.Inconsistent. The southern comfort food items of the menu seem appealing, but you can only count on them being prepared well sometimes. I've received a "poached egg" there as hard-boiled, completely solid. There also seem to be some staffing issues -- once there was only one frantic waitress for the entire restaurant.OMG! This has to be the WORST place at the Reading Terminal... PERIOD! I went there for breakfast and was greeted by a very rude server that was so fidgity and anxious that when we were taking our time to order, she just left in mid-order without even saying anything.  To go along with the disturbing display of failure I ordered the gravy biscuit with turkey sausage.  The food was served COLD and had some nasty stewed apples on the side. My friend got scrambled eggs, that weren't even cooked well...risk of salmonella, and cheesey grits, that was grits with 5 pieces of cold  shredded cheddar cheese on top...My kid could have come up with something better... Save your money and pick from any other place in Reading Terminal...This place definitely makes the Reading Terminal look bad, it doesn't deserve to be in the Terminal! If your hungary, please just starve instead, trust me you'll be doing yourself a favor. 
Last but not least they had LOUD music playing at 10am and its right by the door so every 2 minute a cold draft comes in, so you'll be freezing!
********** STAY AWAY**********Business travelers take note: this place DOES NOT accept AMEX. 
I would happily have taken the extra time on my expense report that is required to submit out of pocket receipt for this place if it was any good, but alas it was really just bad. 
Coffee served was watery and no milk/creamer was present or ever offered. I got a mushrooms and spinach scramble and ended picking around both as neither of them tasted quite right. The "fresh" orange juice was "freshly" prepared from concentrate. I mean listen, I know that this place is supposed to be a cheap, local style diner but there was just absolutely zero effort there. I mean my menu looked like it hadn't been replaced in 20 years, it was so faded and covered in coffee stains I couldn't even read some of the items on it... never a good sign. 
My advice, spend an extra $5 to go somewhere that puts in even a modest amount of effort.I had the breakfast dish creamed chipped beef on a raft of today and a side of two scrambled eggs.  The food came out incredibly quickly! It tasted great and the service was good too.  I would definitely come here again.Food bad, service bad.
Ordered a bbq burger with bacon.  Received a cold plain over cooked cheese burger with cold fries.  Wife ordered corned beef hash; she got a mix of corned and ground beef which was warm as they were cooking the ground beef.  Soda had zero carbonation.  Staff seemed too worried about closing up (45 min before they were suppose to close) to properly wait on us.  Maybe this is better early in the day, but avoid going here for dinner.The breakfast was delicious, we had the country Benny meal and the bacon was cooked to perfection! Great atmosphere and the service great!I've tried a different breakfast place in the Market a few times when I came to town but this time I decided to switch it up and go the Down Home Diner. The food was horrible. I had an egg platter with scrambled eggs, home fries, fruit and I also ordered a side of turkey sausage. No amount of pepper and ketchup could help the taste. A lot of it was gross but the sausage gave me a really bad stomach  ache. I actually spent the rest of the day in Philadelphia and the car ride home feeling miserable. The fruit they served had two rotten grapes in it so I question how fresh their food is.I didn't expect much because of the location and the hectic pace but was still disappointed. The food we got was unappetizing and because they were out of some items, they substituted without approval. The quality and service has seemed to have gone down hill this year. Not sure what's up. Will avoid this place in the future. Note the waitress was pleasant, polite and working hard. Still tipped her because the problems seem to be in the back and in management, not with the servers.I didn't check Yelp before stopping in a this place because I was in a rush and wanted a quick breakfast. I've learned my lesson.
To be honest, it wasn't god awful, but I've had way better diner food at plenty of places at a comparable cost. I will say that the coffee is delicious (it could have been the sweetener they have though)- but for 2.29 a cup- they're reaching with that. 
The food was meh to ok, but I wouldn't bother coming back when a sandwich off a food truck has more flavor and less cost.  I had the poach with scrapple, two poached eggs on a piece of scrapple. It came out lukewarm though I was sitting at the counter and they basically make it right in front of you. You get bread with it, I chose wheat toast, and they stick it, with their bare hands (YUCK YUCK YUCK) in the crappy toaster they have and leave the barely toasted bread out to get cold and catch flies. It comes with a tiny scoop of fruit, which is a nice touch I guess... For $4.99, which I don't consider a cheap price to get at least okay breakfast food, they could have done better.
Would I be back? Nope. Would I suggest? Nope, unless you prefer meh diner food.After visiting UPENN we decided to eat in center city.  The terminal market was an obvious choice and we picked Down Home Diner to have lunch.  So glad that we did.  My son had his first Philly cheesesteak & I enjoyed a plate of warm veggies that they call a warm salad.  It was terrific!  The service was fast and pleasant and the food was plentiful.
If my son attends the college we will definitely be back.Good prices. Fast service. Food is OK. I had corned beef with two eggs over easy. The corned beef wasn't to my liking. Good for groups. In the Reading Terminal which is something to see.A lot has changed since the last time I paid a visit to this location 10 years ago. There was no time like the present to revisit when I took an unexpected trip to Philly the day after christmas. 
For starters, the Reading Terminal Market was bustling for a Friday morning. We made our way to the Down Home Diner around 11:15 am and were sad they were not yet serving lunch. We had an agenda for the day so we ordered breakfast. 
We both ordered the same thing because it sounded amazing. 
Country biscuits with sausage, poached eggs and gravy with a side of fruit. The biscuit was really fluffy... but i dont think it should have been. It should have been flaky. and Buttery. the gravy was bland. And very thick.  the eggs were great and the sausages were good too. The side of fruit was covered in sausage gravy - gross. And the pices of fruit that were not covered were unappetizing. 
We both ordered this so we both powered through it. 
i odered a side of grits. they were bland and odd. Not good at all. 
the saving grace however was the side of thickly sliced bacon. ::hallelujah chorus:: I would come back for several orders of bacon. It was delicious. I really wanted to come back for lunch but the sausage and gravy sat in my stomach like a brick. 
The bottomless coffee was great!
The customer service was fantastic too. 
Try the side of bacon. and Coffee... 
stay away from the biscuits and gravy.One of my favorite places to grab lunch. Recommend the fish platters! Fast service and no wait and in the quiet side of Reading Terminal Market right near the Filbert exitCheap, quick and tasty. The coffee is hot. The food was cooked to order. The wait staff are helpful. It's all that you'd expect from a diner at breakfast. It's not high-end or fancy. If you're looking for some feel good, just like I make it at home food, then this is your place.Absolutely horrible place.  Had a bad experience a couple years ago, but stupidly tried it again.  This time it was even worse.  "Pot roast"  was a heap of brown stuff in what looked like a dog bowl,  served with old mashed potatoes.  The waitress put it in front of me without looking at me.  I guess she was embarrassed.It looks like there are two separate listings for Down Home Diner, but I don't get how they're different, and if they are, I hope I'm reviewing the right one. We came here in the evening when Reading Terminal Market was closed, and the entrance was on Filbert St, so that one.
Kitschy inside, but that was to be expected. Our server was nice enough, ran us through the specials. The boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger and fries as usual. I had a BLT on whole wheat. Both were edible, but I wouldn't go so far as to say tasty. The BLT had very clearly been waiting quite a while for the burger, as the toasted bread was completely cold and the bottom layer soaked through, while the boyfriend's burger was steaming and the bun still warm to the touch. Both had wilted butter lettuce (actually I am rubbish at identifying lettuce) and ice cold, mushy tomato slices. For $2 each, we received two paltry servings of ordinary shoestring fries. 
We were in the mood for dessert, but they only had bread pudding and that didn't sound appealing to either of us at the time, so we just had hot chocolate and that turned out to be not too shabby. 
Even before we left, the boyfriend complained that he was still hungry, so we went to Max Brenner and gorged ourselves into a chocolaty coma. But that my friends is another story for another time.I'm kind of flabbergasted by the reviews of this place.  Living in South Jersey, I have access to some of the best diners in the area.  Is this place the best? No.  Is this the worst? Not even close.  I went her on a Saturday around 10ish and didn't wait longer than 5 minutes for a table (meanwhile the Terminal was bustling at the time).  We sat down at a booth and were immediately greeted by the waitress for our drink orders.  Not even 3 minutes later our drinks were on the table.  The three people in our company ordered vastly different things. I had gotten the breakfast burrito and a side of bacon, my gf ordered the buttermilk pancakes and my friend had gotten the sausage and biscuits/gravy.  The food came out in roughly 10-15 min time.  At this point the place was packed and the line had gotten longer to get in.  The burrito was fantastic, the cheese was melted, the spinach was yummy and the eggs/sausage wasn't over/under cooked.  It was topped with salsa and sour cream.  I didn't care for that much, but had hot sauce on the table to spice up the burrito some.  The home fries served with it were good, but a bit salty.  Most diners don't salt them at all and leave it up to the customer; I prefer this method.  I tasted the gf's pancakes and they were fluffy and delicious.  My friend liked his food as well.  The bacon for the table was crispy, yet still juicy.  It was thick cut, which is my preferred style bacon.  Sure there are numerous places to eat for breakfast at the Terminal, but this place certainly shouldn't be avoided when looking for a diner style feel.  It's also ridiculously cheap for the entrees, which never exceeded 7 bucks.  The three of us ordered 3 entrees, 2 sides of bacon, 3 juices and a coffee.  Our bill was 36 dollars without tip.  Can't beat it.It's a Diner.
I don't expect a ton from diners.
My main gripe about this place is that because it's kind of famous, you tend to have to stand in line to get seated. The staff moves people in as quickly as possible, but it's still a noticeable wait.
The food is average diner food, in my opinion. The poached eggs I had were good, not too vinigerey, and the prices of things were definitely fair.
Good place to stop for cheap breakfast in center city, where lots of other brunch places are suuuuper overpriced.They added a takeout addition to the place with a glass display of $5 sandwich daily specials.  I got the Chicken Salad Waldorf in a hoagie.  It tasted ok, but not enough protein. The amount of chicken is about a deck of cards. I also got a cup of tomato soup with chunks of tomatoes.  It was good but $5.  So my lunch came to more than what I wanted to spend.  There are better choices at the Terminal if planning to spend $10 on lunch.Great food! Very tasty and filling. Also shout out to Jeffrey for the awesome service. :)Great basic breakfast! Quick service. Eggs and toast were done perfectly. Home fries were crispy, just the way I like them. Nice touch with a small fresh fruit salad on plate. Pancakes were not good, though- dry, no taste and 2 blueberries in entire pancake.The market is awesome but this little diner is fantastic, real food not processed with a home 'sit at the table' environment. I am definitely going back soon. The turkey club I had was real carved turkey not lunchmeat and my husband loved his burger. Everything comes from the market next door.This is the worst place to have breakfast at !!! The pancakes are really bad. I ordered mine with chocolate chips, which costed 2.5$ more than the original pancakes, and they barely had 3 tiny chocolate chips. 
The eggs were served cold - 
The waitress was very slow. I don't know why people still come to this place.
Definitely avoid it !This place needs to close down. I get here an we get seated quickly, I order a coffee with cream and sugar an the waitress comes back with a coffee saying they only have milk they ran out of cream. Now this really pissed me off its 930 am on a Saturday morning an you don't have cream for coffee at a Diner..WTF! It messed up my breakfast I don't like milk in coffee it is not the same. I order my food and it's the wrong thing cause she said she didn't hear me order the shrimp with grits platter. My boyfriend ordered the Philly Cheesesteak Scram, the orders came an I'm just baffled how do you put fresh cut fruit on a plate with hot food. Why isn't it in a bowl? My shrimp n grits tasted like it was cooked with bacon grease. My boyfriends order was ok he ate it but he's not one to complain he lets stuff go rather it's cooked right or wrong. I will never go back here to eat again, it just wasn't a good experience.We were seated immediately at the counter and our orders were taken. however, our waiter did not check in on us and we watched as four different places sat under the heat lamp for 15 minutes. We waited a total of 40 minutes from when we ordered our basic breakfast plates of eggs and bacon and waited an additional 20 minutes for our check after our plates were taken away. The food was mostly tasteless. The coffee was burnt. As I sat and waited....and waited...I saw the cooks cross contaminate as they cooked and throw egg shells on the floor as they were making eggs. Two women waitresses continuously looked at the food under the hot lamp, but let it sit as the discussed something seemingly unrelated to their job. Save your time, money and patience and go to one of the other amazing restaurants in the terminal.I've easten at the DHD at least a dozen times over the years.  It used to be on my top-5 list of dependable, non-expensive, straightforward places to go for a breakfast on a Sunday morning. After this particular Sunday's breakfast, the DHD is off my list.  
From the "bar" seating up front, I ordered their unlimited "220 mile" coffee, OJ, chocolate chip-cherry pancakes and thick-cut bacon.  I waited 40 minutes for my food.  In that 40 minutes, the server came by once to check my coffee, and that's because I slid my empty coffee cup to the front of the tabletop.  Even as I ate, the server never again came by to check my coffee.  Interesting contrast then came as I are my last bite of food... the server literally had my plate in her hand and she was cleaning up my spot. 
As for the food, I did taste a cherry in at least two bites of pancake.  No chocolate chips at all.  They were ok, nothing great (the *best* packcakes I've ever had come from another establishment in Flourtown/Erdenheim, PA - they are UNREAL).  My thick-cut bacon?  It was nothing more than a small handful of bacon scraps.  Really, for my $3 bacon, you give me scraps?  C'mon.
I did let them know with a note when I left.  I left an appropriate tip, too.  Oh.. and the nice, older gentlemen who sat next to me waited 40 minutes for an egg 'sammich.
You've lost me, Down Home Diner.It is quick, it was filling, it was a good value, and was exactly as I would expect a diner experience to be.  We have convention every year at the Philadelphia Convention Center and this is our go-to spot before it opens.  Service was decent and fast, and food was as expected.  I ordered the house made hash and eggs.  It was tasty.  I wish it would have come with home fries.  My companion got the sandwich on a long-roll and it was good too.  Lucky him, he got home fries.  Coffee was hot and refilled.  Price was open $23.  Everything appeared clean and tidy, which was nice.  It was definitely refreshed since last year.  New menus, new tables, cleaner appearing and feeling.  Nice job!I have given this place ample chances as I literally live across the street from Reading Terminal Market, but this place completely sucks every time I go there. I don't know why I ever deluded myself into thinking this place was worth checking out more than once. Service is ALWAYS terrible, they mix up orders frequently or just straight up lose them...In fact, I wish they had lost mine because the food is gross. A drunk, senile grandmother could make better homefries then they do. They were charred and black, the eggs were tasteless and the pancakes were worse. Lunch is also atrocious, brought out my sandwich and a full 20 minutes later deigned to bring my husband his without even so much as a "sorry." 
Bottom Line: DO. NOT. GO! There is nothing there that is worth the wait...plus look around, you are in Reading Terminal, there are MUCH better food options.In town for a conference a couple of weeks ago and this was the first pick of people who were familiar with the area.  We had a great breakfast and I only wished I'd made it back for lunch.  
I had the corned beef hash with over medium eggs.  Very different from my other experiences but turned out I loved every bite.  Being in vacation mode when she asked if I wanted a short stack how could I resist!?!?  I went with the buttermilk version and I'll have to say some of the best pancakes I've had in a while.  Just the right thickness and texture.  
All this with a d cent cup of coffee made my first morning in Philly a great start.Stopped in while a friend was visiting Philadelphia, the service was terrible and when I asked for cream for my coffee the waitress gave me super attitude. The only good thing about this place is their coffee. Pass.I am in the minority here, and I have always enjoyed the Down Home Diner. No, it's not the best meal you could possibly eat in Philly, but in my experience it's on par with any other diner in Philly. The food is decent and cheap, and you can be in and out pretty quickly to do some grocery shopping and get on with your day.
I've always experienced great service here, whether on a slow morning or during busy lunch rush. Servers are attentive, and friendly. All in all, a reliable stop in RTM.Great food that came out really fast. Amazing coffee and a friendly wait staff.. amazing grilled muffin!!!! Will def return.Great diner right within the Reading Terminal Market.  Nice comfort food choices. Quick service and priced right.It's really just ok. I've tried it twice and have been like meh. The staff is really sweet for how busy but it very expensive for what it is, but I really think it's just touristy because of reading terminal market. There are much better places in the market to eat though.  The sausage was over cooked and the biscuits and gravy had no taste. The pouched eggs were hard. :/I had some time to kill before my chinatown bus and took a seat at the diner bar area. It took me about 5 mins to flag down a menu. Then another period of time to flag down someone to take my order. My drink never came and i needed to flag someone down for that. Then after waiting 15 mins I inquired into my order- egg white scramble- and a few mins later someone came back to say my order was in. 
I'm not sure i'd want to do my job either if i had to wear those ridiculous overalls.
The person who sat next to me ordered the same thing I did 10 mins after me, and his food came out a few moments after mine. If this wasn't enough, i filled two napkins with this yellow liquid (oil or butter and water) that sogged down my plate. However the home fries were good and the price was right--6 bucks and change.
Reading terminal offers much better options.Sometimes good. Sometimes not. I ordered a salad and it was a bit wilted. The manager came by and asked how was everything, so I mentioned the condition of the salad and barely received an apology. I certainly did not receive a replacement salad or something that would have helped to make up for it. So...if I ever return, I will likely choose some place else to dine. Of course, its the terminal, so that will not be hard.I wanted to eat here because Jack McDavid is one of the originals on Food Network.  He was in Grillin' and Chillin' with Bobby Flay.  However, "Down Home" is not my thing, neither is catfish or collard greens.  I ended up with breakfast, which was ok but I have no interest in going out for breakfast.   The food was good and so was the service, and I'm sure it would be great for a country boy.Good breakfast food, fast service, and the coffee is far better than typical diner brew.Super convenient to my hotel, this was the only diner on the block.  I really liked the feel of the place, and was pleased when the waitress moved us to a booth when one opened up.  My companion recommended trying the scrapple as a regional delicacy...it was alright...fattier than breakfast sausage with a smoother texture, and porky flavor.  No complaints.  The gingerbread pancakes were not bad, though I didn't feel a need to finish them.  Unfortunately, once we were seated, our waitress was pretty neglectful, never bringing my juice and taking a good half hour to bring water.Food is good. Service at counter is really good. Service in the sit down section was awful!  Went here twice in 4 days. First time ate at counter. Food was good, inexpensive and fast. Went back two days later and sat down in "restaurant " section. What a disappointment. Had to ask twice for coffee. They brought my sons meal. We waited and waited. I finally got up and went and asked someone if they could get our waitress. She came and I said my sons almost done and my meal isn't out. Could you check, and could I get more coffee. About 10 minutes later she came back and said, oh they forgot yours. No coffee. Five minutes later I got my pancakes. Asked for more coffee. Never got it.  Don't sit anywhere but counter!  If there aren't seats, go elsewhere.We chose the Down Home Diner because of our love for Diners and the many wonderful breakfasts they provide. This place was and all natural local farm grocery and restaurant next to each other within the Large facility. I enjoyed my meal... a Philly Cheesesteak Omelet with fried onions, steak & cheese. Also with cooked pear slices. I support local businesses. Great quality!What a tourist trap! I have had much better at an IHOP! The menu says "Best Cheesesteak in Philly", I think that it should read "Best Cheesesteak within a five foot radius".
Why eat here when you have so many fantastic choices under the same roof? Please take my advice and explore all of the other wonderful places that Reading Terminal Market has to offer.I sat down to eat before I saw the ratings on this place but I'm glad I did because my experience was pretty great!  I sat at the counter and was immediately greeted in a friendly manner.  I ordered my seltzer and cheesesteak and received everything quickly.
My meal was very satisfying.  The fries were excellent (although I would have preferred a larger order) and the cheese steak was cheesy and oniony, just the way I like it.  Also, the roll they used was delicious!  
Plus, the whole shebang set me back less than $11.  Can't beat that with a stick!  I'm a fan.It's your typical diner fare.  Decent food, reasonably priced, and good service.  I stopped in for breakfast during lunch hour with a co-worker.  It's close to his office and he likes to go here.  We both had breakfast.  I had the blueberry pancakes with a side of turkey sausage and coffee.  The pancakes were 2 large pancakes stuffed with blueberries.  The turkey sausage consisted of 3 small links that were cooked a long time ago.  They were dry and the taste was off a bit.  Edible yet.  The coffee was surprisingly very good.  
Down Home is located in the Reading Market Terminal and it's a bit loud. Service was very good. I wouldn't hesitate to go back again.One of the worst meals that we've had in quite a while. Went for a quick bite after the Flower Show on the recommendation of a friend. Close to the Convention Center, and open later than the Reading Terminal Market.
Farm to Table? I don't know what "Farm". This place may be good for breakfast, although I'll never know as I have no plans to go back - ever.
Cheese blintzes with strawberry sauce & almonds: overlooked blintzes, almost no cheese, and strong taste of bacon/ham - not what I want with a cheese blintze. Penne with chicken tenders in a blush sauce: overwhelming taste of ham, chicken with an unappetizing texture. Turkey with gravy & potatoes: not a solid piece of turkey on the plate, looked like they were left over scraps from somewhere... but the cranberry sauce was good.
There are plenty of other places in the area to eat... go somewhere else.Down Home Diner is amazing. I am a pretty big fan, especially of their eggs. I've had the omelette - which I got with mushrooms and cheddar and spinach. Everything tasted super dooper fresh! Even the eggs taste fresh! I've also had the biscuit, and poached eggs on a biscuit - equally amazing. I have never had an issue with service, and definitely intend to head back sooner than later.I lived in Alabama for 14 years. I know "down home cooking"! This is really good. Not quite southern but still lives up to the name. Best biscuits and gravy I have had in PA. Friendly, clean, fast and affordable. I love the jute box!!There were so many options at RTM, but I'm happy I decided on Down Home Diner! The service was friendly and fast and their menu had a good mix of familiar and what seemed to be hyper local dishes. I decided on the Stuffed French Toast (stiffed with strawberry jam and strawberry cream cheese) and a side of Maple Turkey sausage links. o.m.g. The French toast was so good! This was the perfect breakfast to please my morning "something sweet with my coffee and a bit of savory " cravings. The coffee isn't anything to celebrate, but it was decent "diner" coffee and the food made up for it all.Yuck. Gets 1 star for the food, which is greasy but not "good greasy." Gets 3 stars for the service, everyone is very nice and accommodating.
The indigent people hanging outside the restaurant door aren't helping. The fries were industrial, as was the bread, as were the eggs. 
Not good. Avoid.This place was so close to the Marriott we stayed at in downtown Philly. We got the blueberry pancakes, French Toast and thick bacon. Everything was so good and the service was good as well!