Went here yesterday. My friend and I ordered the baked mac and cheese. Plate and dish were hot-- mac and cheese inside was cold. I'm assuming they pre-make it, scoop it into a dish and microwave it. Disgusting, and the management & servers were not to kind about it either. Finished my beer, refused to pay for my food and left.
Avoid this place.I changed my mind again. I still think the wait staff is aloof and the drinks are meh, but the past two visits I has were not unpleasant. The female bartender I had was very friendly and fun. The male bartender was a bit cold at first but once the crowd passed, he lightened up and joked around with us. I still don't love this joint, but my visits have improved in quality.The Draught Horse is like a scholarly frat boy.  What I mean by that is it has two facets to its perceived image.  On one hand, it's trying to be an honest draught beer bar, rotating a smart selection of taps with local brews and sometimes hard to find barrels.  The owner (or manager) we spoke to seemed really knowledgeable about beer, and we spoke about future barrels coming in and what not.  This was all during lunch break.
On the other hand, when the sun goes down, it's a $5 cover joint with 50 cent Coors specials and enough bros and hos to fill a swimming pool.  The bartender transforms into a hoard of dim, tanned, floozies.  McFaddens for Owls.  That was annoying to find out.This place nearly got a 1 Star rating but I figured I would give them the benefit of the doubt because the management has changed and most of the staff acts like the place has a revolving door...quitting every other week or so.
Okay...so you're in North Philly and you're looking for a place to get a beer?  Don't go here.
Over the last two years that I've been at Temple, this place has only gotten worse.  Initially, it had drink specials...darts...pool tables...all that jazz.  Now, they have gotten rid of nearly all of that and the "drink specials" they have now are pathetic...low quality, flat beer that is ridiculously overpriced.  Yes, it is easy to get to - especially if you're a Temple undergraduate who doesn't have a car but that's still no excuse...go to the store, buy a 6 pack - save your self a bunch of money and time.
And the elimination of affordable drinks and entertainment is just one thing - the service has been horrible here from the beginning.  I'd wait 10 - 20 minutes before being greeted or asked if I needed a drink by anyone...and they've got the bar divided into two different sections - but only one bartender, so it's easy for them to either not see you (accidentally) or simply ignore you (intentionally).  Their menu used to be a joke...an absolutely riot - everything was clearly frozen and microwaved after you ordered it.  Absolutely no options that didn't include meat and very few that didn't have a pound of melted low quality cheese on top - to say nothing of being overly deep fried.  The new menu is much better but still leave a lot of be desired - and to make matters worse - half of the stuff on the menu isn't available on any given night  ("Oh, sorry...we just ran out of that.")
Here's the bottom line: this place is mediocre on their best night of the year.  Try Standard Tap for a good bar that isn't very far away...and at least they will have good food and great service.What "ambiance" exists is still pretty "college campus-y", but it's a bit cleaner and more comfortable than other down-and-dirty bars close to Temple that shall not be named.
I've been here a few times and the service has generally been pretty good. Maybe a bit ditzy, or slow to notice us at times, but otherwise rather attentive and helpful.
Decent selection of appetizers and food, and good quality, too. Nothing overly greasy, and the flavors are on top. The sandwiches and wraps will go well with whatever you're drinking; I haven't been disappointed yet. Gotta recommend the frickles (fried pickles) for the uninitiated, though. The pierogies are alright, too. The fact that the apps are just $5 during happy hour (perfect if you have a class that ends between 4 to 7) helps, too.
Their rotating selection of craft beers really gets me, especially when they had Oktoberfest beers. Not to mention, the hilarious cocktail list (though a bit steeper). Probably the most versions of a long island ice tea I've ever had in one sitting, but once we saw a drink called the "Darth Vader," it had to be ours.Easily my favorite restaurant/bar in Philly. The wait staff, bartenders, cooks, and even the managers are fantastic. They will come over and talk to you, are attentive to your input and wants. I've learned more about transactional business practices from speaking to the managers there then I did in classes on the subject. The drinks are fantastic, always consistent, reasonably priced, and the daily specials (food and drink) are a fantastic bang for your buck. The food is amazing, it's so nice to order a burger medium rare and have it come out as such. If you're around Temple I highly suggest stopping in.Worst bartenders and service in general. Stood at the bar for over 15 minutes and the male bartender acted like I didn't exist. If you want fast efficient service this is NOT the place to come to.I was invited to Draught Horse for happy hour drinks with my professor and stopped by another time to watch a football game. Both times were were greeted quickly and seated with plenty of space for our groups. They have plenty of TVs for the games and they have a larger area that can be opened up when it gets busy. They has plenty of philly beers on tap and lots of craft brews in cans and bottles. Everything seemed to be reasonably priced. We ordered a bunch of different appetizers both times and I enjoyed everything. They have particularly good wings. They were crispy and sauced well and had enough heat without being too hot. The nachos were also good with a lot of toppings and cheese. The staff remained pleasant and helpful even though we were a group of Texans watching the Cowboys beat the Eagles in a Philly bar. I will definitely go back for more great food and beer when I am on campus.Great place to grab a beer (or 5) after class. Never ate there, but it's definitely one of the better places near Temple (really, the choices for white guy around there are pretty limited)!  I'll usually only go if there's a game on, or something else keeping me on campus.  Anyway, it's got a nice younger crowd, and usually pretty nice people. I will definitely miss this place when I'm finished school.The WORST service I have ever received in a dining establishment. I went to the horse on Wednesday with two other friends around 8 pm. We sat at a high top table by the windows and had a few beers. Around 9 one of the bouncers politely asked us to move because he needed to move the table in order to clear space for the dance floor. My friends and I moved to a booth and decided we were going to order some food. It took a few minutes to get attention from a waitress but we finally got one and ordered loaded fries and a chicken caeser salad. The waitress even gave us some recommendations about what to get on our fries and we were hungry so we were very excited to put this order in. About 30 minutes later our fries had not come out and we hadn't seen our waitress since we ordered. I had to go to the bathroom so once I got back I went to look for our waitress and ask to check on our food. There were no waitresses or hostesses around so I had to ask a security guy. They security guy urged me to wait one second and he'd be right back. He came back a minute later with a man in a button shirt (apparently the manager, I didn't know) and he informed us that the kitchen has closed 15 minutes earlier and our waitress had clocked out about a half our earlier!!! I asked to speak to a manager and was informed that I was speaking to the manager. I wanted to know how we was going to make it up to us and he just kept saying that he was sorry and that he would talk to our waitress tomorrow. At this point, all we wanted was our food. We didn't care to get our waitress in trouble, although what she did was in extremely poor taste and an example of horrible customer service. The manager then asked exactly what kind of salad we ordered and exclaimed that he would be right back. Unfortunately, he ever came right back. My biggest issue with what occurred this Wednesday is the poor managerial response. This manager should have taken responsibility for his dining staff's awful mistake. The least he could have done was offer to pick up our bar tab. I am extremely taken aback by this experience and will not be dining at the draught horse anytime in the near future and I will urge my friends and anyone else reading this review to follow suit.Went here for dinner before an event at the Liacorous Center. Got steak teriyaki salad and cheese curds. The salad was huge and good and seemed all fresh. The beers were good too. Only downside was they weren't offering their normal happy hour deals for some reason. But no biggie. The bar area was very busy but there was no wait to be seated. Loud but positive, good energyUsed to love this bar, however the bartenders on Friday night were so rude and moved so slowly. We tried to order food and the bartender with glasses screamed at us, "I just told you we are out of flatbreads so do you want something else or no?" and walked away. When we tried to get the other bar tenders attention, he kept telling us "Hold on, I'm too busy." After about 20 minutes of waiting, we left and went to another place where the bartenders knew how to work quickly and take care of their customers. 
I am a bartender and would be fired if I spoke to my customers that way, weeded or not.  Will definitely not be coming back where the service is slow and rude. Management should be ashamed.Service is slow, even when they're not full. And I'm just talking about the bartender. I have no experience with food here. Beers relatively expensive, and I haven't been in for nights with specials, and I wouldn't want to either...the atmosphere here is, juvenile and tired all at the same time. I guess I'm just aging ungracefully. Also, they close early on Monday and Tuesday? 11pm? I feel like I was there on another night and they closed early-ish too. Possibly even before 11. What self-respecting bar closes at 11 ANY night? And they're closed on Sunday. Why? Temple undergrads are so diligently doing their homework that night they have no reason to open at all? What about graduate students? What about night students? What about night graduate students? What about professors and random neighborhood drunks who want an overpriced beer in an uncomfortable proximity to students late some sad evening? So many unanswered questions...guess I'll just get a sixer across the street to take home and mull them all over some night soon.I kind of really want to hate this bar a lot. I know, I know, that's an awful thing to say in a review right off the bat, but let me finish. See the thing about the Draught Horse is that it fits every single requirement of bars that I hate: it's located on a college campus, it's frequented by said college douchebags, it has way too much shitty beer, their drink menu has a separate category for shooters (most of which are neon-colored), and has awful nightly events that are geared to douche bros and sorostitutes. Here's the thing though, and try not to spread this around too much. I kind of like this place.
My first time here started off really bad, to be perfectly honest. My friends and I sat in a booth for 20 minutes watching pretty much ever server walk by and ignore us because we weren't aware that there wasn't service after a certain time. Fine, our bad. So we go to the bar where I'm pleasantly surprised to see like 6 or 7 craft beers - good ones at that - on draft AND several more than attentive bartenders that actually knew about said craft beer. They were super awesome, actually. They gave us the last of their french fries for free because we didn't know that the kitchen had closed, the one bartender gave me and my roommate 2 craft beers for free that he claimed to have poured by mistake (when I think he was just being nice), and the one bartender poured our Jameson shots with a wayyyy heavier hand than for other patrons. I don't know why we got hooked up so much, but all-in-all it was actually a really pleasant evening. 
So why only 3 stars? Well, when there is actual table service (during the day/early evening) it sucks. Seriously. I've waited upwards of 10 minutes sometimes for my beer when it's dead in there, which is seriously unacceptable. The servers also generally have little-to-no personality - I think I've seen MAYBE one of them smile. Also, their food is kind of hit-or-miss and their menu situation is weird. They have a specific menu that they offer during games and EVERYTHING is fried (and mostly not vegetarian-friendly). The regular menu seems decent though and the taco salad with chicken that I had without that gross deep-fried shell business was actually super delicious and filling. I highly recommend that.
The crowd does generally suck, though. It's like a slightly ghetto version of the people who frequent UPenn bars. 
Honestly, I wouldn't come here if it weren't for the fact that I go to Temple. It's not bad when you're on campus and feel like sneaking a beer in before that one god-awful class everyone is bound to take once in a while, but definitely not a destination.
OH here's a fun hint, though. They offer beer flights for $6, which is actually really reasonable if you do what I do and get each one filled with a craft beer. I would feel bad that I'm basically beating their system, but I feel like no one there (except for those two bartenders) knows or cares at all ;Das it says...just okay! but considering the neighborhood (which has absolutely no good place to offer) this place is as good as it gets!!!
ambiance is good but food is just okay! There is bar right in the center of this place but its usually empty with one or two people sitting at at-most!
Servers are nice and friendly and will accommodate most of your requests but need to be present more!I'm sure if you are looking to get drunk it's fine... But food or service, I would keep walking! Worst decision everMost comfortable spot on campus to grab a beer and watch a game for alumni. I would recommend if stopping by for the day as a parent visiting your kids or just coming down for the day to check out the campus. Great atmosphere and a ton of TVs to watch the Owls play!When I visited the Draught Horse near Temple's campus, I was taken aback by the manager's harshness and borderline rudeness. Maybe it was a bad day, or busy week. I don't know.
As to the atmosphere, the place seemed quite clean and well decorated. It was mid-afternoon when I visited, but there were still a fair amount of people there. 
Their menu had a good selection. Typical bar fare. Burgers, sandwiches and fries. A decent selection of beers, drinks and happy hour specials.
Disregarding the managers attitude, I would recommend stopping by if you are in the Temple area.It's by far the best bar at Temple! It's huge and they have a lot of TVs. They have awesome specials too. They have $5 pitchers of Yuengling every Thursday. If your on Temple's campus and you want to grab a beer, this is the spot!This review is for the food experience only
Yes this place is a typical college bar. But damn does it have some good food! My friend and I split a mac & cheese and I also got a burger and fries and she got a salad. It was soo good and not at all what I was expecting! I think because of the location and because it's a college bar it often gets overlooked. The ambiance inside isn't great but honestly I was blown away by the food. 
I even saw some students studying over fries in the booth across from us, this is what college is all about!Definitely a college bar! (Temple is right across the street!) However, it's a good place to grab a cheap drink if you go early enough. Wait too long on a popular going out night and it will be super crowded and loud. Mac and cheese is good, but I can't speak to the rest of the food. Good place for groups. On slow nights, waiters are very good. On a busy night, good luck! Parking is metered and can be difficult to get, but the bar is only 1 block from the Broad Street Line. Lots of TVs - good for watching sports.Good place to eat on campus. The burgers and fries are good. A 1lb of wings include 8 small wings. Not really a good deal. Best to stick with the burgers. Service was good and its a college joint so expect loud college students.One of the busiest places on temples campus, but for good reason. They have really great appetizers. The bar is mainly American cuisine. Their salads are also filling if pure looking for a lighter meal. 
I usually come here just for drinks as each night if the week has different, and amazing, drink specials. I love to drink on a budget and the Draught provides that.To me, its the best bar close to Temple. Serves your typical bar food but it is certainly above average. The burgers are great which is good because about a year ago they took my favorite entree off the menu (meatloaf sandwich). The have rotating beers on tap which is always fun. Drink specials are decent - for example: $2 Rolling Rock drafts during Phillies games. MAKE SURE YOU GET A "CHERRY CHANGE" CARD! Its free and for every $10 you spend on food you get $1 on the card that can be used for food, drinks and/or swag (they sell t-shirts). They have a lot of events too - poker night, etc. They also have a take out service (Pony Express) though I have never taken advantage of it.I guess I should be thankful there is an alternative to that godforsaken Maxi's on Liacouras Walk but coming from NYU, it really hurt to not have a bar scene at grad school. That said, the staff at DH really needs to work on their stuff. Smile. Check on the tables. You know, the usual?
As a bartender, I understand things get crazy and patience levels fluctuate. All the same, I have never gotten so much as a "Hi, how are you?" or again, a smile, from a bartender here. Fun fact: nice people get fat tips. JUST SAYING.
One time, my friend ordered a vodka cranberry. What was given to us was about 1/4 cup cranberry juice in a glass. Sans ice. Sans vodka. C'mon. 
Also: TEMPLE FOLK- IT'S PRONOUNCED LIKE "DRAFT". LIKE A DRAFT OF BEER. If I hear one more person, say "Drot Horse", I am going to lose it. 
In summary, food is nasty, staff is lethargic, but it's a bar.Some of my female classmates and I stopped at the Draught Horse last night for drinks.  Only a block or 2 from Temple, this restaurant offers a nice atmosphere for students wanting a little celebration and break from classes!  The bartenders were very nice and the nachos were amazing.  I took off a star just because the cheese on the nachos could have been melted more.  It got cold kinda quick.  
Now that I'm thinking about it, the drink specials - basically just a dollar off from 4-7 (I think) could be better.  But it's still a good place to chill.A little quiet earlier in the week, but it all depends on what's going on.  I came in on my 21st birthday for a couple shots and a cheesesteak, and the bill was a bit higher than I expected, but the food was good, so that was worth it.  The shots, however, were a bit pricey.  I did come in the following night to perform at their open mic and it was a blast! It was very laid back--not too many performers but enough people to talk it up with before and afterwards.  In the end it was all worth it because I met some cool people, had a Twisted Tea, and heard some great music!The Draught Horse is by far the best bar located on Temple's campus. They have great happy hour specials and an impressive rotating beer list. The bartenders are helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable. In addition to the bar, they have a great menu that is also the best on campus. It has a great ambiance and plenty of seating. The Draught Horse is my "go-to" bar on campus and enjoy bringing in friends whenever possible.I ordered chicken fingers and sweet potatoes fries. My meal cane back with the fries laden with sugar. Who puts sugar on sweet potato fries. Even some of the sugar was on my chicken fingers. I tasted one and it was very disgusting. I complained and they did replace the fries minus sugar. The service is slow and it is just bar food. I gave 1 star just to be nice.I have mixed feelings about Draught Horse. Admittedly, it is one of the nicer bars surrounding Temple University, but that's about it, I think. I've never had the food here, but I've heard it's not bad - just over priced. (I've been recommended the Salmon Salad? But warned that it was very small.) They have a good variety of beer on tap - my favorites are Magic Hat 9 and Victory Golden Monkey. I haven't had an issue with cleanliness, although when I came during a weekday afternoon, the bar was really sticky and it just really irked me. Wednesday nights are PACKED, but I think a necessity for a Temple student to attend at least once. Weekends are a little dead sometimes - the last time I went, there was a live band that was kind of sucking the life out of the place. Service is generally nice, but when Draught gets busy, I always wish they were more efficient.
It's one of Temple's only bars, so I guess I have a special place for it in my heart, even though it's not something I'd write home about.Tried to charge a $5 entrance fee after I had been sitting there for 1 1/2 hours and bought 4 drinks.Wait staff was very good, the food, eh.  Nice and roomy inside. I had the pretzel cheese steak sandwich.  Pretzel too hard for me. Sweet potato fries were not good to look at, tasted ok but I appreciate the cranberry compote that accompanied it.  The dessert special was a lemon tart.  I didn't like it.  Hubby ate it w/o the glaze.  Why was it hard to distinguish what was in the lemon tart just by looking at it?????  Here for 2 more days.  I think I'll sample the food trucks.  If that doesn't work then the old standby - a food chain... Wendys.I come here occasionally when I want to have some drinks and get some good appetizers only thing I don't like is they close rather early sometimesFor a college bar this is a decent place. However, the service was not too swell. Our waitress this afternoon had twelve people at her table with appetizers, beers and meals and didn't write any of the order down. She then ordered the wrong burger for me, forgot the sauce I wanted and told us she can't split checks more than four ways(even though we requested split checks before we ordered). The burger I got (which is not the one I ordered) was cooked incredibly well though, compliments to the chef! It was medium as requested with a delicious roll and simple fries. The beer we ordered was decently priced since we ordered pitchers but was initially not cold on the first pour (beer not chilled enough at the bar, or delayed in pick up by the waitress?) all in all if the service was better I would come back here repeatedly. However, Masters bar has my heart while I'm at TU.As I am a recent graduate of Temple and lived in the area I am a huge fan of The Draught Horse, as are most Temple 21 year olds.  Their Wednesday nights get pretty crazy due to their Wild Wednesday Specials.  Fridays and Saturdays are not as hectic but are a great way to be in a chill atmosphere around campus instead of going out into the city.  My roommate and I have done this many times and love it! Happy Hours are also great there while the weather is nice due to their outside seating.  If you cant tell I am a huge fan and highly suggest this to any Temple student or family of Temple students!Great food, good place to hang after work for Happy Hour.  If you like sports, live music & delicious eats accompanied by a true college atmoshere then this is the spot for you. I've been frequenting the Horse since its beginning & it just gets better. Keep up the good work!Is it the worst bar I've ever been to? No, but it is subpar at best. In the summer, for intsance, they close at 7 oclock every single day. What kind of bar is that!?! And, at nights during the school year, half the bar is shut down! Unless of course its White Girl Wasted Wednesday, in which case the bar is PACKED, ironically usually with white boy wasted bros. The fact that there marketing scheme is based around exploiting drunk college girls is appalling enough (cue feminist comment). With a few exceptions, the female bartenders tend to ignore the female patrons, once one even walked away in the middle of my order, got other people at the bar their drinks, then came back to me 10 minutes later. And the food...I have had a few awesome things here, before I went vegan I loved the italian grilled cheese on a wrap, and my boyfriend is obsessed with the pretzel cheesesteak. However, I know too many people who have had to send back food because it is still cold, so it's pretty hit or miss.Four starts on effort and how I experience the place.  In fair disclosure, I never go to this place on nights or weekends, when I'm certain it turns into a place I don't want to be.  The service is generally good.  They have a lot of TVs and it can be a decent place to watch some sports.  
The food isn't anything special, they have a large menu offering almost anything you could want; think of an Applebee's menu.  And with all of these downsides, why four stars?
They care about beer.  Located on Temple's campus, they could sling Bud, Coors, and Miller and probably make the same amount of money.  But they constantly offer a large, thought out rotating craft menu.  Prices are pretty decent, ($5 pints and $14 pitcher for craft beer), and happy hour discounts the beer further.  They also have a loyalty program encouraging Joe Bro is try and branch out and drink some of the craft beer.
Four stars on effort, and somewhat on execution.  Keep up the good work.I went their three times and all three times the service was horrible. It was so slow and both times i when it wasn't that crowded to make the servers be so slow. i don't know why other STHM student love that place and the food wasn't that good.This is a nice hangout for the college crowd. My friends and I went to White Girls Wednesdays a lot during the semester. When that isn't happening, the place is pretty boring. Drink specials are cool during HH, and that's why I gave it three stars.The Draught Horse is the perennial Temple student hang-out.  Of course, it doesn't have much competition withing walking distance of campus, but still, I like this place.  It's on Cecil B. Moore and Broad, across Broad from most of campus, on the corner with the Barnes and Noble and across Cecil B. Moore from the new shopping center/movie theatre on Broad.  You'll recognize it by the horse head on the sign.
I've spent many a lunch or early evening here with my other grad student friends from Temple, drinking margaritas, or beer, or both, and noshing on their greasy bar food.  The food reminds me of a chain (only it's not), with sandwiches, quesedillas, salads, wings, etc.  Pretty standard bar food fare, but it's pretty good.  The beer selection leaves something to be desired, but I'm into Belgian beer bars, and, hey, it's a college bar with pretty cheap prices for drinks, so I cannot expect more.   I usually just order a Corona or Sam Adams and am content.
Every time I've been here, my friends and I have always gotten a table quickly, even if we wanted one outside, and our service was always fast.  The waitresses and hostesses (who I suspect are Temple undergrads) are really friendly, and this place is really clean.  No sticky college bar floors here!  And I always bring my food home with me because the portions are so large, the the waitress was nice enough to run after me one day because I'd left my box of food on the table.  
In all, if you're at Temple, and you want a cool place to hang out within walking distance of campus, go to the Draught Horse.  You won't find a better place near Temple.4 stars for the bar, 3 stars for the food. 
Boyfriend and I only come to drink (or throw down the occasional nacho plate depending on our level of intoxication.) The prices are cheap, the bartenders are solid and although you'll sometimes share a counter with bros, the atmosphere isn't as testosterone-fueled and grossly fratty as Maxi's can be.
The food is meh. But the bar is just so cozy, the location so close to my apartment, and the happy hour specials so good ($1 beers, $3 well drinks) we'll keep coming back.This spot is better than I thought it would be, but not all that much better. It's cool place to shoot the breeze for a bit over drinks. The drinks can be inconsistent though and I hear they don't top off either. My first drink was RIGHT (made by some chick), but my next one was wack. This cat (dude) swore up and down that he made his drinks as strong as everyone else if not stronger. C'mon now. If they're gonna pull one of THOSE, they should just tell everybody to make them as weak as Maxi's.
I've tried the food (burger and fries). I think it's overpriced. I had a dinner burger/fry combo and it was alright. I can't complain. But I had the bar fry happy hour special and the bacon was more of a GARNISH than an actual part of the meal. They sprinkled that bacon on like it was pepper instead of like... bacon. They should reword the menu to say bacon BITS! There is a difference.
Yeah, I'll be back...I've been here three times. All three times the Draught Horse has managed to mess up something or make me angry, and I am not an angry customer; I am very smitten. 
The first time: I went with my family. My and my father's orders were messed up. We had to wait for the kitchen to remake our orders. 
The second time: I ordered hummus and received hummus past its expiration date. It tasted sour. Of course, the waitress was nice enough to take the appetizer off of the bill, but I was still disappointed.
The third time: The hostesses told us we would wait 10 minutes; we waited close to 30. Then, we were given the wrong food. I ordered guacamole and pita chips and I received tortilla chips and salsa. My friend was supposed to get a chicken cheese-steak and she received a regular cheese-steak. We had to ask twice for napkins, silverware (I had a salad as well, so silverware was important) and ketchup. Lastly, our bills were really messed up. We split the check (because we were paying with our Diamond Dollars) and they charged my friend for two sides of guacamole. The waitress claimed she couldn't fix our bill (which is ludicrous). We didn't want to make a scene, so we paid the bills. I was supposed to pay around $13, but I ended up paying over $15 for food I never ordered. On top of that, no one forewarned us that the restaurant adds gratuity when the Liacouras Center holds events, so I had to pay a predetermined tip that I did not find suitable for any of the staff members who served us that day. 
I was in the restaurant business for awhile, so I understand what it's like to be in their positions. However, I gave this restaurant two more chances to redeem itself and it failed to impress. Now, I can only associate the Draught Horse with frustration. The food is good, but the experience is also important. I have had three subpar experiences and do not plan on returning.First time here and it was nice really clean and a good mixed crowd. The staff is really pleasent (to be college kids,lol,jk) I got the ibc burger which was really good loved the cranberry ketchup on it! And they're hot wings are delish and they are a good size.they give you a good amount of food to.the drinks were watered down but this place is on a college campus so you can't expect them to be to strong!So I stopped by here on a friend's recommendation last weekend and I loved it!
Totally felt like a local bar and was very welcoming.  We were a group of 6 coming back from an event at Fairmont Park and they put some tables together for us quickly and obviously didn't mind our t-shirt attire.
I had the portobello burger and it was kick-ass.  My buddies all ordered burgers or sandwiches and they also were decent - especially considering this is a pub.
We also managed to hit happy hour - which was very cool - although surprising on a weeekend!
Def check this place out  - whether you are a student or just an area resident.  
It would be a cool hang out...if I lived closer!I hate this place. Every time I go here it's some different ridiculous issue. The bouncers are awful and will throw you out for any random illogical excuse. The first time I came my friend tripped on their rug because it was crumpled up and they threw her out and confiscated her real PA id and called the police. The next time I came it was dead inside, there was only a few customers and the bartenders had a bad attitude and didn't want to provide service. Lastly, on Wednesday for the special I was dancing with my friends and the bouncers dragged us out violently and called the police and we got cited. I will never be coming back here or giving them another cent of my money and I suggest that you don't either.Terrible service, no staff on busy lunch day, eggs were slimy and not cooked, cheesesteak came out not plain as we had ordered and took an additional 15 minutes to come out with a new one.Pretty average restaurant with a pub/sports bar atmosphere. The service is alright; the staff is respectful but not really nice.
The menu options are pretty limited, so don't expect a grand meal. I've had their salad and their veggie burgers, both of which were fine. The wait time was a bit long, but their portions are pretty decent. 
They also accept Diamond Dollars, which is nice for Temple students who want to eat out but are strapped for actual cash.At any other university in the US which would undoubtedly have dozens of bar/restaurant options nobody would ever go to the Draught Horse due to the mediocre to poor service, food, and drink. However, as Temple has limited options, you wind up going to the Draught Horse because there are so few other options. Lunch is impossible as you can never get in and out in a reasonable time, and happy hour is mediocre at best. So much potential that so far has been poorly implemented.Best we've had in Philly! Good food, service could be better but overall great place to eat. Tried the bbq chicken flatbread...recommended!Last time I went here for food, I saw a huge mouse. After informing our waiter, he simply responded, "that's north Philly for ya".  
And there lies the problem for this bar. They realize that they are the only real option near campus that's save and has actual food options. 
THIS PLACE IS GARBAGE. They have almost no hours on the weekend, the staff that has served me has always been rude. Ill go grab a six pack and some groceries to have a decent meal at home then give them my business again.The "fanciest" bar/pub/grille at Temple is good, but not amazing. They have a nice ambiance and good food, but their drinks are expensive and the seating area is actually darker than the bar. A remodel with some extra lighting would take this from a borderline enjoyable place to total class.Stopped in with a friend before a concert right around the corner. This was apparently my second time here according to my sister but I can't recall. Anyways, the service was great. We were sat instantly and our waiter was extremely helpful with great tips on what to get and what drinks pair well with different plates. I ended up going with one of his suggestions for a drink and dinner and was not disappointed. I had one of the mixed cider drinks and the pulled pork sandwich. The sandwich was a bit messy but what do you expect? The drink was on the stronger side but went well with the BBQ. Do yourself a favor and check this spot out.I've only been here twice but I can say during both visits I did not enjoy the food. If you aren't drinking beer after beer the waitress gives nearly no attention to your table at all, and waiting for them to take care of the bill I swear I had enough time to just up and leave completely unnoticed. The quesadillas are pretty bad and the chicken cheese steaks I could've made better. I found half of a toothpick in my food and lost my appetite. But the atmosphere keeps it alive I guess..Hi, welcome to temple. Here you will find obnoxious people who don't really care about you. Be prepared to wait 30 minuets for a beer much like crowding around a frat party keg. I enjoyed this place way more around lunch time. You will be amazed and disgusted when you find out the same table where you and your family enjoyed a meal converts into a drunken waste land during white girl wednesday or whatever they call it. For what it is, its a safe place to party and meet other students over 21.Draught Horse, you're killin me. I want to like you, I really do. I know plenty of people who go to White Girl Wednesday religiously. I want to be cool like those kids.
But I'm not. The only time the Horse is happenin', it's PACKED. With bros. Not my scene. Otherwise, it's what Applebee's wishes it was: upscale college bar. Food is expensive and not great. Hard to get served, even when it's slow. And oh yeah, if it's slow at 12:30, they close. Who does that?
Don't get me wrong though, been there a bunch of times and I'll be back before I kick the bucket for sure. GREAT selection of beers that you won't find anywhere else in North Philly. Even though the service isn't super attentive, the staff is super nice. 
OH YEAH: no one knows about this but they have a MBA Program: Master of Beer Appreciation (or something). If you keep trying different beers, every 5th one is free. They keep the names in a binder. 
 I'm so torn between 2 and 3 stars. It's 3 for Temple pride and the benefit of the doubt.Never heard of this place but went because of a bridal shower. The staff was nice and made sure we were attended to. Good wings and drinks. On a college campus so lots of young people but still had a nice time.The wings were good. And then the good times stopped when my black friend Ray went out to have a smoke. Then they would not let him back in. For who knows why? I was let in even though I was more drunk than Ray. They are a bullshit bar with no good drink deals, and to top it all off they are racists! Do not go herethe nicest bar around campus, due to the interior and exterior seating. 
all the food I've had there is below average.
even our waiter informed us he wouldn't eat anything on menu besides one item (which I can't remember) but that's a pretty clear indication not to eat there. 
fun if there's a temple event but other than that not worth goingWorst bartenders and service in general. Stood at the bar for over 15 minutes and the male bartender acted like I didn't exist. If you want fast efficient service this is NOT the place to come to. Girl with dirty blonde hair and the guy with the beard and weird hair are RUDE!!!! Don't come here go to maxisThe Horse is ok food at a high price. The service is slow even when you're one of a few people in building. There are much better options around campus and most of which are cheaper too.Wasn't up to its appearance.
Service began with a friendly hostess, and the restaurant seemed nice from the outside. The chairs seemed chipped, but tables were clean and ready. Not too busy on Labor Day which worked well for the party. The waitress was very flexible with our payment methods and check splitting. The burgers are unique with the Jewish onion rolls. The menu was small for the style of restaurant I expected more. I went with a group of seven, food came in a timely manner and was satisfactory. The menu just lacked diversity, was really confined to several options and fewer for my vegetarian friends that came. Appetizers were a hit, however you have to get over the presentation and appearance of them as the waffle fries were served in a mess of cheese that stuck them together. The main courses are mostly burgers and sandwiches. Decent for a college date on a budget, will certainly be back for sporting events as well as Temple away games."Meh" basically sums it up. They newly renovated and although it's nice inside with plenty of big TVs to watch the games, that's the reason I'd see a purpose for coming in here.
The food is not anything great and it's so overpriced. The bouncers here at night are known to be assholes and have even taken away the legitimate IDs of my friends, claiming they were fake when they weren't. 
Other times I've been here for just a drink or two the bartender has been nice and attentive. 
This place just isn't anything special.Bartender was attentive and engaging, and they had golf on during the day. Perfect spot for a casual drink on a day off from work.The burgers and sandwiches are really good. One of the times I went there, it was after a rainy temple football game, so I was really cold. I order hot chocolate and a burger. You could tell they made the hot chocolate with baking chocolate and sugar, and boy did it hit the spot. The burger was made the way I asked and was delicious, definitely the best bar around Temple's campus. I would recommend this place to anyone.Stopped in for my first time before a Temple basketball game and the place was packed full of people, obviously a popular place on campus. Lots of televisions to watch sports from every part of the bar and restaurant. Service was a bit slow, but was expected on a crowded night. Good wings, fair buffalo shrimp, very pleasant waitress. Would like to come back sometime for a beer as the bar appeared to have a solid draft selection. Will certainly stop in again before another game.came here yesterday after picking up graduation tickets, It was my first time here and my last time, since we are graduating. Food wise and price wise, maxis is better but its more roomier in here and you can actually hold a convo. Not bad for a campus bar.The Draught Horse isn't nearly as bad as you'd peg a college sports bar out to be.  They've got a decent selection of drafts, and the drink prices aren't nearly as high as they could be.  
They do some awesome fried pickles, and the Asian Sesame salad I had here a couple weeks ago was surprisingly delicious - huge strips of grilled chicken, veggies, crunchy rice strips, and a great dressing.  My boyfriend's cheesesteak, however, was less than desirable, so avoid those and go for other sandwiches or burgers on the menu.
The atmosphere is anything but comfy - it is a sports bar, after all.  It's not a bad place, just not something I'd go out of my way for unless I'm around Temple's campus.I'm the friend named Ray that's referred to in the review by Nancy. I figured I would explain what happened that night and the awful handling of the situation by the host and the bouncers. I arrived at the Horse on the day of the Eagles parade excited about our big win, got one single beer that I didn't even finish, then went out for a smoke with my friend who happened to be leaving. 
Upon trying to re-enter by myself around 9pm-10pm, the host (red haired guy with a beard) told me that I could not enter because the bar tender said I was "too drunk", the one beer that I had still not finished was still sitting on the bar and I had done nothing to indicate that I was intoxicated. I was sitting at the bar the entire time I was there talking with my friends and as far as my friends and I were concerned, I was the most sober out of us all. Additionally, I had not even interacted with the bartender once since my friend bought the first round so I knew the host was not being truthful.
I was confused as to why or how I was not being let back in since I was very much sober, I pleaded with the host to talk to the bartender to find out why I was being kicked out but soon was met with a group of big bouncers beckoning me to the door. Upon re-entering a second time to try to talk to the host (I was upset I had to leave my friends and go home early for no valid reason) the bouncers became more hostile like they were about to forcefully kick me out. When my friends, still inside the bar, came to talk to the host and reason with him to find out why I was being kicked out, they were met with yelling by the bouncers and the host to "mind their own business and get back inside the bar", unreal. Later that night they ended up roughing one of my friends up pretty bad for trying to stand up for me. 
I simply left at that point because it wasn't worth it for a bad campus bar with bad service and a ridiculous cover fee and additionally, I did not want anymore harm to come to my friends or myself. It was clear from the situation what the reasoning behind my denial of entry was, I was the only person of color amongst my friends and my golden ticket (the white friend I had gone out for a smoke with) had left. So I was left to the devices of the extremely rude and racist host and hostile bouncers. I recommend that you do not go here if you are a person of color or are going with friends that are individuals of color as you will not be treated well. 
You will never catch me back at this place again, I recommend Maxi's instead as the vibe, specials, bartenders, bouncers, and hosts are much better. 
p.s. contrary to Nancy's review, the wings actually were not good, most of the food here is prepared before hand and reheated.White girl Wednesday is awesome n $1 miller lite is such a great deal. Also a lot of my good friends go there since its pretty next to campus. The bartenders are very friendly. Great place to go. Happy hour 4-7 during weekdays is $1 miller high life.I take it back, I'd rather be at Maxi's. In checking old reviews, it is evident that a management shift took this business from a modest, divey, yet charming college bar to a real lemon. Came here for a cohort happy hour and had a typically mediocre experience. Wait staff was aloof (though not rude this time), and the bartenders were abrasive and inattentive. On the far end of the venue, a student organization was having some kind of auction. They were playing music and shouting into a microphone and it was clashing with the audio in the main bar area. Highly unpleasant. 
The phrase "one of the best bars at Temple" is inherently nonsensical considering you can count all of them on one hand. Truly, if you want to drink, you're better off buying beers at the store like another reviewer said, or just hop on the orange line to get to a Center City venue that is actually worth your time.I give up.  I keep going here after class, and it just keeps getting lamer every time.  Now they seem to have bands and DJs, so the service sucks, the atmosphere sucks, and it's too loud to talk.
Never going back.I've been here quite a few times for baby showers for co-workers or for happy hours after work. At this point, I don't think I'll go back. 
-Service has always been shoddy
-The food made me sick twice
-The drinks are weakly made
Folks, you don't have to go to the Draught Horse just because it's near campus...Center City is just a subway/bus ride away!I definitely recommend getting their fried pickles. They're done perfectly and come with an awesome dipping sauce... so delicious! Nice environment too.stopped in for some drinks. they have a lot of specials everyday. typical college bar. weird college smell. dirty bathrooms. meh.Worst service I e ever experienced. Bartenders not at all attentive nor do they care. I travel all around the world. Never experienced this kind of inattentiveness.After discovering that there was a movie theater within a reasonable distance from my apartment (that is also accessible by subway), my boyfriend and I have made it an almost weekly event to come see a movie and grab some grub at Plaza Pizza, the awesome place next door. After seeing a late night flick, we decided to seek out a bar to have a few drinks before beginning the trek home. The Draught Horse didn't have many Yelp reviews, which was surprising for how pleasant our experience was. We loved the drink selection and drink prices (a nice change from Center City drink prices) and though we did not try any food items, the menu is surprisingly large for a college bar. We were there on a Saturday night and the bar was about half full. This is always a welcomed sight for two 20-something graduate students who want to avoid the typical college hoopla. All in all, I definintely recommend this place if you are in the area.Draught Horse is the typical college sports bar. Cheap beer, lots of TVs, and plenty of seats at the long bar make it a good place to watch the game on Sunday. The food is mediocre at best so I would recommend eating elsewhere. The bartender was nice and even gave us a free round of shots. It's conveniently located on Temple'a campus and a good place to grab a drink before watching the Temple Owls play.I do have some TU spirit being that I went here for undergrad and grad school. Draught Horse has been in my life for years and it really is a great college bar. My fondest memory is skipping work to watch a soccer match and realizing I went to high school with the bartender, Jake. Fun place for happy hour with the co-workers or classmates and pretty good food.