This is probably my best Asian restaurant in the area. U gotta try their sushi, last night I ordered an volcano rolls and it was amazing and fresh. Definitely will be back :)It was our first order.  After reading mixed reviews we gave it a try mainly because it was New Years day and most places we like were closed. I was very disappointed with my selection, Pad Thai.   It did not have one peanut in it. The sauce was bland and tasteless. Sushi eaters said the sushi was okay, nothing special.This is probably my favorite Chinese restaurant and sushi in  roxborough manayunk, you have to try their sushi I mean you must try their red-dragon roll. I bring my friend yesterday basil fired rice was amazing. And the sashimi is very freash!!!!!!Just ordered from Dream House for the first time since Jade Court left. I was excited about their suishi and Thai options. I wanted to play it safe with my Thai choice since this would be my first time trying Dream (plus I was starving and didn't want to take the chance of not liking it)- I got the Shrimp Pad Thai- and I was so glad I did! It was the BEST shrimp pad thai I have ever had! The portion was a generous size and there was more shrimp than I expected. The shrimp was jumbo in size and cooked perfectly as well as tasting very fresh. The pad thai had a suttle but noticable kick of spice to it that just gave it that "extra" something that completed the dish. I will deftintely be ordering from here again and trying the other menu optionsThe general tso's chicken tastes like an old shoe. Disgusting. And the pork fried rice was also terrible. 
The salad with ginger dressing was amazing though.I'm surprised about the negative reviews! We love this sushi! Now, to be fair, the rest of the menu isn't great, but the sushi is very fresh. Our favorite is the Spicy Twin Salmon roll - if you like spice and fresh salmon, try this!I am being very generous with one star. This place has really bad food and it made both myself and my boyfriend sick. We got two pork egg rolls, General tso and Hunan chicken. Just please do yourself a favor and don't go here. Try another Chinese place in manayunk/rox.Went in for sit-down. Great suhi- try the volcano roll or the amazing tuna roll. Will not disappoint!Finally an awesome sushi place within walking distance of our house! I have done both sit-in and take out. Each time I have had great experiences. The price is perfect too, very reasonable. I absolutely love the sushi here. My favorite roll is the Sweet Heart roll.  Although, another plus to Dream House is variety of food. They offer more than just sushi which is helpful because not everyone likes sushi when you go in a group.Fantastic food.  Quick delivery. I ordered an egg roll, tuna roll, and cucumber avacado roll. The egg roll was large, stuffed with flavor, and still hot when my food arrived.
The tuna was fresh, flavorful, and came in. Large chunks. The avacado and cucumber were equally as fresh and flavorful. 
I will be going here again and it'll be my new take out restaurant of choice.This is my local corner Chinese place. Very friendly fast service for pick up.  We'll opt for take out from here every now and again.  This is the most quality Chinese in the area.  (Full disclosure - haven't tried new ruby yet though).  Good fried rice here compared to most of the other places that use "yellow-ish" rice.  Very quality white meat in the General Tsos.  It's about a dollar more expensive than the other place but you're paying for the quality. Haven't tried the sushi yet, but looks really fresh.  They also have Thai on the menu.  Would like to eat inside at some point as it is a BYO.This is a wonderful hidden gem in this little Roxborough neighborhood. The prices are reasonable and the sushi, Thai, and Chinese food are all really good. You can go in and if there's not a lot of people you can ask them to turn up the TV so you can have dinner and a movie. :)
The gentleman that works behind the counter and as the server is always pleasant and nice to talk to. It is a nice low-key chill place to go. 
I would really suggest this place if you were going with groups of more than 4 to 6. Being that majority of the tables are booths. There also is a little sushi bar with barstools that you can sit up to but again that's discretionary. 
Overall the facility is clean, the food is very good, and is a nice quiet tucked away, place in the heart of Roxborough. 
Parking on Ridge is metered but there are side streets where I'm sure you can find ample parking that's free.I had the tiger roll and wonton soup and my roommate ordered sweet and sour chicken. Both delicious.. Fast deliveryVery rude management and the food is very skimpy and small and the pork gyosa is the worst then any where I've ever had. Lucky garden and new ruby are way better.I've eaten at this place a handful of times since I live so close. The first few times I got vegetable or cooked (e.g., philadelphia) sushi rolls which were pretty solid. Green salad was not impressive. The last (and final) time I went I got drunken noodles with chicken. First off, the chicken smelled rancid. Second, the sauce was NOTHING like drunken noodle sauce should be. If I was basing this off the thai food alone it would be a zero star- I had to throw the entire meal out.Oh man, never again. Spent a large amount of money on a variety of things. Nothing was even close to what I consider average quality. Besides that, they forgot part of the order, and were 30 minutes late (90 minute total delivery time). 
So many better options in the area. Try Shan ChuanI feel torn with Dream House. On one hand, their staff is really, really nice. As others have said, dining in is a little bland, but they have very fast delivery so we usually just order in.
Until today, I've only ever ordered their sushi and have been happy. The quality is fresh, and everything seems made well.
Today I ordered the pad thai, although I had been warned by friends that it was not good. I should have listened. It was rice noodles, in some kind of bright orange sweet and sour sauce, with peanut crumbles and a lime wedge. That's it. If it was cooked with egg, it wasn't evident. There was no flavor aspect of what you would normally associate with pad thai. 
I would rate them a 4 for sushi - it's good, fresh, standard sushi and fast delivery if you're in the neighborhood. Unless my pad thai experience was a fluke, the cooked options are where Dream House falls flat.I've ordered from Dream House quite a few times. The sushi is never very consistent. Some days it is good, and other days you can clearly tell they used old ingredients. Some days they deliver at lightning speed, other days it takes so long, I forget I even ordered delivery. This will probably be the last time I order from Dream House... Today, I ordered a salmon avocado roll, some sushi and sashimi. All of the fish tasted old and a little chewy and the avocado was clearly brown. To top it off, I found a huge fish scale in my sushi. I don't expect 5 star sushi from a place like this, but at the very least, I expect consistency and decent ingredients that are not clearly old. I've never tried their Chinese food, but at this point, I don't feel it's worth it.I have been getting sushi here for years and it has always been fresh. The dressing on the salads has been a favorite of ours. The Amazing tuna roll is by far my favorite. The Spider roll is also great. Get the 8 meat dumplings- you will not be disappointed. I know people complain about long deliveries so I have always just ordered and picked up.Friendly waiters, very clean, fast delievery.  Shrimp tempura, and spicy tuna rolls are excellent and fresh, and my sister raved abt the beef lo mein.  Although, their sushi bar could stand to be larger, it seats abt 3 ppl, but if one of them has a bottle it wont be comfortably. Overall fun little casual b.y.o.bWe get take out from this place frequently, usually Sushi and apps which is fine-I don't know if they are under new management or what but our food tonight was good-ood !!  Yummmy. Got the chicken teriyaki-veggies were vibrant and fresh and the chicken was an actual cut up chicken breast, nothing questionable there! Sauce was light-flavorful and not too gooey or sweet. Also got a spring roll-it was hot and crispy. Everything just seemed really fresh. Keep it up Dream House!I love this place and the one guy behind the counter who is always smiling is the man. He is always so nice and welcoming. The food is amazing and they also deliver which is a plus. I will def keep coming back here.Stumbled upon this place the other day after that harry potter event around the area. Had trouble looking for a restaurant because every other place you needed to make reservations so I was really glad we found this place. Staff was super nice and friendly I enjoyed how quiet this place was. Food was also really good and price wise it was really cheap and affordable. I love how they used melons for their honey shrimp and walnut dish because i'm so used to seeing broccoli. The melon made the dish taste even better than the original.Unfortunately their food is better than the other asian takeout/delivery joints in the area, however their delivery is unreliable, and when questioned about it, they're absolutely unapologetic and downright rude.
We've ordered from them a handful of times, and the delivery always takes longer than the standard 40 minutes they quote. On one Friday night, they quoted us 40 minutes and it took an hour and a half. More than double the time they quoted. A busy Friday night is expected. No complaints there. However, accurate delivery quotes are appreciated.
Today I called for delivery and they quoted 40 minutes. I asked (politely) if this was an accurate delivery quote or if might take a bit longer. The man who answered the phone explained that he only answers the phone and it's not his job to deliver. He actually doesn't know how long the food will take, that I couldn't expect him to know how long it would take for delivery. He was completely unapologetic and took no accountability for the overall business, rather focused on the fact that his job was solely to answer the phone and provide a 40 minute delivery quote.
If you're going to pick up your food, it's not half bad. Don't depend on their delivery, and certainly don't expect them to take any pride on whether it's delivered on time.I order from this place all the time! Sometimes delivery can take a while but that's to be expected during weekends from a popular Chinese/sushi restaurant. Highly recommend pickup if possible.
Items to definitely try: hot and sour soup, spicy tuna roll, any of their specialty rolls, and the bbq boneless spare ribs. 
Staff are always courteous and friendly on the phone and in person. Great place!Last week, I ordered one of their plates for lunch for take out. I ordered the sesame chicken with pork fried rice and an egg roll. The sesame chicken was very flavorful and not too sweet. The pork added a smoky flavor to the rice. The rice didn't have too many vegetables in it (peas), which was fine. The egg roll was solid. I recommend this place for a cheap take out option. $8.50 for a plate is a great deal. I've heard good things about their sushi and salads so I look forward to trying those out next time.5 star for the delivery via grub hub. their rolls are delicious and very fresh. can't wait to visit the restaurant with a few bottles of wine and a cab ride home (:Just got delivery from Dream House and it definitely surpassed my expectations. Placed my order at 7:20 PM and was quoted a delivery between 8:15 and 8:25 so I was shocked when I got the call at 7:50 that my food was already here! Food was piping hot and portions are more than generous. Lo mein is great, it's not like it's a high end Chinese place or anything but definitely one of the better places I've found in the Manayunk/ Roxborough area.My food was delish! I ordered wonton soup which was homemade yep and my broccoli beef was fresh and hot. Btw I ordered over the phone. I arrived a few minutes early and it was ready. Gotta love that. I'll be back for sushi or Thai...I appreciate having options.Waiter is wonderful ran out to my car to give me my sunglasses that I forgot at my seat. Sushi was yummy too!! Great service!Jade Court is no longer with us, but at least more Asian cuisine quickly filled the void (they even kept the same phone number), and huge bonus points for officially being a BYOB (no one ever stopped you from drinking in the Court, but it definitely wasn't a legit practice). I went with traditional take out [general tso, steamed dumplings, and pork fried rice], and the food was good, but all the dishes seemed to be lacking any real flavor, so I was underwhelmed by it all. Since the menu includes Japanese and Thai fare as well, I'll have to give the other stuff a try before I write it off for it's above average price (for this neighborhood).
When I do eat here again, I think I'll go with their lunch special of the Bento Box, because it actually appears to be a great deal at $8.95:
Choose from close to 25 entree options (standard lunch options with some Thai mixed in) and a cup of soup, plus salad, fried wonton, 6 pieces of California roll, and boiled rice. Seems like a good meal.No No No! Never Ever again. WARNING:: extremely high % chance of food poisoning. Un-fresh fish, un-fresh rice, and un-fresh lettuce. On top of that they're rude as Heck!. Will never give them anymore of my business. They're simply trying to get over on people, serving the lowest quality of food that they can find. I should have known, as soon as we walked in my 8 year old daughter complained of the smell. Disappointed that I have to give them even 1 star.I'd say the three and a half stars is about right for here.  First time trying it out because I was craving sushi and the area has slim pickings.  We ordered salad, fried rice and a couple of basic rolls. For $30 it was a lot of food.  Salad dressing was yummy! Sushi was average, but that's comparing it to higher end places.  Didn't eat there but it was clean.  Service was friendly and good was ready fast. I'd go back.This place was nice, quiet, good service. Sushi was good.. not amazing but not bad either. They were willing to substitute on one of the rolls I wanted, since I don't like eel. Have heard they have good deals/prices for lunches during the week, so will have to try lunch there another day. Many people were getting take out.Disgusting disgusting disgusting!! Old rice, old fish. I've never had a poorer tasting sushi than there's ever!. I could not finish my roll before my stomach was turning. By the time my friend and I got home we were both running to the toilet!! In fact I am  still sick writing this review. Once I called them to warn them of the bad fish they're serving the man was rude, unhelpful, and unaccommodating.Will never return! And I hope you won't either. Unfortunately I have to give them 1 star so I can post thisThe nastiest Thai food ever. I had their chicken drunken noddle. I took to bites that was not chicken. It was chewy and rubbery!!!! I will never eat their again
 The owner refused to give me a refund. They lost a customer. I recommend people elsewhere for quality Asian cuisine.Disclaimer: ALL Chinese takeout places around roxborough/Andorra aren't great or authentic really, they are targeted to American taste buds but what are you going to do.  
Was hesitant to order from here because we usually order lucky star however, lucky star doesn't have small and large portions and my hub wanted a few small things to try.  
I'm pleasantly surprised that the food wasn't too terrible.  Wasn't amazing but no Chinese around here is.  The dumplings were good, the lo menu was decent, and I was scared after ordering teriyaki salmon but was happy I ordered because it was ok quality salmonTerrible. Wanted to try this place instead of our usual (Ruby) and will never do so again.
 Food took over an hour to get delivered. 
Kung pao chicken tasted like it had week old grease in it and my husband had to stop eating it and make a different dinner. 
Pad Thai was gloppy and had no flavor other than peanut dust.I really enjoy eating at the restaurant rather than ordering take out. I think the prices might be a bit higher for the quality but I still really enjoy the food! It's great for the nighborhood because its a quick walk from where I live to there, good food, and many options for vegetarians. They have a variety of food from American-Chinese cuisine, Japanese and sushi, and Thai. I really enjoy the green thai curry, it's one of my favorites! 
I love the wait staff. They are very charismatic, and energetic as they are always flying around the restaurant taking orders and picking up the phones. They are very accommodating as I've ordered quite a lot from their menu. Eating in is really special here, I've had many joyous memories at this quiet and cozy restaurant. My friends also really enjoy eating here because its always quiet and we can just enjoy our meals, talk, and just sit back after a long school or work day. I really hope this place doesn't go!!!Used to love this place, until found something metal in my general Taos. Unfortunately I found it in last piece of it so I'm hoping nothing was in the other pieces.Their sushi is pretty good--especially of the price and the location. The problem is that the service is awful. The past two times I ordered take out from them, I was given a time range--that the food would be ready in 15-20 minutes. I arrived at the restaurant 30 minutes later, and my food STILL wasn't ready. The man behind the counter told me it would be another 10 minutes, that the chef was working on my order right now. AN HOUR LATER I walked out with my sushi. I would not have waited had they been honest, or had they told me it would be an hour when I called to order, I would have run some errands while I waited for my food. 
I should say, the service when you dine in isn't any better either. My friends and I sat down to eat a couple of months ago. In the middle of telling the waitress our order, she just walked away to answer the phone. No "excuse me," or "I'll be right back." Nothing. Such poor service isn't worth the money.I can only think these negative comments are by their competition. I have had food delivered from the dream house 4-5 times and NEVER a problem and generally arrives within 40-50 minutes. Ive ordered general "Chinese" food as well as their sushi and will continue to order from them because it is VERY good.Open until 11pm! No exotic stuff but it is Roxborough.  Not the tastiest or freshest.  Adequate and convenient.  Poor service. Absent minded management.  But decent sushi if the craving comes at an inconvenient time. If you want great fresh sushi and service in the hood;  Yanako. Also  a decent delivery sushi (also does Chinese) in east falls but no exotics. Shan ChuanTonight I ordered 2 rolls. I was disappointed to find that the rolls were loaded with Panko crumbs. I actually like Panko however in this case the crumbs appeared to be a filler to make the rolls look bigger. The menu never stated that the rolls had the crumbs in them. Not thrilled!My wife and I eat here often enough to say it's the best Chinese food by far in the area.   Egg drop and sushi are excellent.   And we enjoy most of their menu.No.  Just no.  
I had a friend recommend Dream House for me and really talk it up.  I was pretty excited at the prospect of having a good sushi place near my house.  
I honestly cannot remember exactly what I ordered.  However, I do remember it being so disgusting I threw it all out and tore up the take-out menu as to never make that mistake again.  
Save your time, money, and stomach and skip this one.For the amount of Chinese food in the area, this is some of the best. It's not perfect but it's good for they Chinese craving. Not too pricey either.Ordered sushi while having a serious craving and being stuck home with the flu. I order the dinner special of spicy roll combo. I get the same roll tripled. It tasted ok don't get me wrong, but not what the menu described. I called to let them know perhaps they made a mistake and they tell me, no they all look the same and it's hard for you to tell the difference??  Seriously- not my first sushi experience but so disheartening and annoying. Ugh! Not sure I'll order from there again.Ordered takeout from here since I was craving sushi and my go-to place Lucky Star burned down :(  
First off, called at 7pm on a Tuesday and they said it would arrive in 35-45 minutes.  At 8, we still didn't get our food and when I called, they said the delivery guy was 15 minutes away!  That's a little ridiculous.  They didn't even offer a coupon or money off of the bill. 
We got the salad with ginger dressing ($3.5) not worth the money at all.  Dressing was just okay, not my favorite.  We split 3 rolls, the Alaska, Salmon special roll with spicy salmon inside/salmon outside and the Dream Girl (spicy salmon/tuna/crunchy in soy paper).  They were okay.  I liked the salmon special roll, it was fresh and had really great flavor.  Not worth the $37 we paid for everything, but okay.  
I will probably go back and eat there at some point and try their other dishes.  Guess I was just spoiled by Lucky Star and their affordable prices and amazing food.The place is not particularly clean or nice but the food has always been good and consistent. We've been here many times and never had a bad experience, it's definitely worth the priceFirst time comment at yelp. Awesome sushi! I am a sushi lover and I try out a lots of Japanese restaurants in philly. This restaurant is awesome! Highly recommend out of control roll! It's my favorite! The service is great. They are so friendly! The sashimi is very fresh. Love it!Dream House is my go to Chinese/Sushi take out restaurant in Manayunk/Roxborough.  Take out chinese is pretty much the same wherever you get it, and Dream House is no different in this regard.  If I were rating based off the chinese food alone, we'd be in the 2-3 star territory.  It's perfect when I am craving greasy chinese takeout but I could never say it's quality food.  What puts Dream House solidly in the 3-star range (and nearly 4-star range) is their sushi.  Really high quality sushi, especially for a small Chinese take-out place on Ridge Ave.  Reasonably priced as well.We left the suburbs where we had a great Asian fusion restaurant that we loved where we could get Chinese, Japanese, and Thai food. We tried this restaurant today and we were mildly happy.
There was only one other person in the restaurant when we arrived, which I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing... The waiters were attentive enough, but not the best servers. The food was pretty good.
I had egg drop soup, which was really delicious--the best egg drop I've had in a while. The crab Rangoon was really good, too, although their duck sauce was kind of weird and red, rather than the usual orange I'm used to. I was super excited to try the cheesesteak egg roll, but it was gross--the meat was gray and it had no cheese and no good flavor. I had the drunken noodles with chicken and it was pretty good and flavorful--the noodles were cooked well. The serving was huge and I took most of it home. My wife had sushi and said she enjoyed it.
The place could've put the air conditioner on some more, though! It wasn't a particularly hot day, but it was really warm in the restaurant, which made it pretty uncomfortable. 
All in all, we would eat their food again, but probably would get take out. The prices are reasonable as well.Good stuff! Got takeout, the mango tango was very good and the amazing tuna speciality roll was delicious. I would recommend this hole in the wall for sure.This is probably my best Asian restaurant in the area. U gotta try their sushi, last night I ordered an volcano rolls and it was amazing and fresh. Definitely will be back :)Terrrible food with terrible customer service. I ordered drunken noodles under the thai portion of the menu but it got delivered an was terrible tasting.It had a orange color and chewy texture. Had to throw the whole thing out. When I called to complain they said it wasnt their problem and its wasnt thai drunken noodles but its asian fusion drunk nooodles, and thats why it tasted so different. they refused to return my money for this aweful dish. if you want real food go to PHU fha thai down the road. it looks sketchy but food is at least good.Horrible!!!!!
Me and my husband were driving around on Christmas looking for a place to eat,we have our normal place but we decided to be adventurous and try something new and boy were we wrong.
The food is below average and my stomach is in knots because of it.
I ordered the 
-beef lo mean-disgusting no flavor beef was super dry
-calamari was the texture of old rubbery gum
-steamed meat dumplings were ok
My husband had sushi and said it had a nice texture but was bland.
Needless to say we will not be visiting here again.Service was at a minimum. Had to remind or ask for things I shouldn't have. Got the spicy tuna and it was nothing special. Unless your really hungry and don't want to look further I guess this place will doSushi is good for the price! The rest of the Chinese food is mediocre. The chicken tasted very processed and kind of bland.The food is so amazing!!  The service was superb, and the restaurant is nice and clean. Highly would recommend!Their Thai food tastes like Indian food in a baby diaper wrapped in burnt hair. I think they catch the sushi by fishing off of Kelly Drive. 
The Chinese food is standard. The fortune cookies are pretty wild. Mine said "you will find your keys in the last place you look for them." Is that even a fortune? 
On the plus side, it's fast and pretty cheap. As long as you don't mind the dysentery. 
Godspeed Dream House Asian Bistro. Godspeed.Always skeptical about a takeout asian place that does japanese and thai too. I haven't tried the thai but chinese is eh, and sushi is eh. We've gotten take out from here 3 times now and have never been too impressed. Think that was the last time we'll give it a go. 
We got chinese last night and the wonton soup had nothing in it besides wonton..where the pork at guys? My kung pao was a bit bland. I would say the fried rice is better than average take out though. My boyfriend got general tsao's chicken that was pretty typical and just goop.
Sushi was really not as bad as I was expecting. Nothing great, but still fresh and hit the sushi crave spot. 
They are fast and friendly though so I'll give them a thumbs up to service and decent prices.Disgusting. I ordered both spicy tuna and spicy salmon rolls. They tasted like mashed potatoes. I literally took two bites of each and threw it away. Will never order from here again.Delivery was so convenient and fast! The food is very good, today is my second time ordering here. We are new in the area and so far it is our favorite Japanese place. Keep up the great service and food quality!I've ordered here through grub hub a few times and it's always been decent but I won't be back since there's plenty of other places to order from in the area. I ordered veggie dumplings and they gave me the wrong ones. So I called and let them know. They offered to bring me new ones or refund me only half of what I paid. They only wanted to give me half because I spit out the dumpling once I found out it was meat (vegetarian) and threw it out and wanted the meat ones back. Due to time I wasn't interested in a new order but stick with it anyway. So they're getting my half chewed up food. Not quite sure why they were so adamant for it!I order sushi from here all the time, which is always really good.
however, after tonight's experience, I will never order from here again.
I ordered thai curry (red) with chicken.  they sent me some chinese chicken and mixed vegetable nonsense that tasted literally like garbage.  when i called to complain, they argued with me about how i must not know what i'm talking about. (sidenote: i worked in an asian bistro for three years so i kinda do know what i'm talking about). after refusing to send me the right thing or giving me my money back and continuing to insult my intelligence, he finally decided to give me 10% off my next order. guess what- there wlll not be a next order. 
that behavior is how you lose a good customer.I've seen this place at least a few hundred times and never went inn , till other day when I was dying for Asian .
Upon coming inn the place was empty ok I guess for day time , so I placed an order for green curry with chicken and the chicken on the stick , I decided to dine inn rather than take out , which I'm glad I did .
It took a while to get my order out I was super hungry, when the waiter bought it to me it looked weird completely not what I ordered it was some type of clear like sauce with big prices of chicken huge chunks of mushrooms onion & green peppers , than my chicken on stick looked over fried and dry which is supposed to be grilled ! This was something new they created . The waiter refused to take the food back , and refund my money , even after I told him I can show him the recipe on Google . After I threatened to get the police and better business bureau involved he finally , gave me my money back . 
Simply put plz don't ! There's other places on ridge you can go to and save the headache ! 
Check out the pics of my innovative meal .The sushi is legit. Do I have to say much more, really? I haven't had everything, but what I've had, is all legit. I mostly order the bigger rolls with some combo of tuna, yellowfin or salmon with crunch and some spice. Legit.Amazing Asian food restaurant in Roxborough, Manayunk area. Me and my wife really enjoy Dream House. Thank God it's something different than the average Chinese food restaurant.
Here are the positives;
Inside is very nice, modern, and clean. A great place to get sushi with friends, or go on a date with the wife. The host/waiter is extremely friendly!
Thai food section on the menu is unique! I tried the Thai Curry and it was very delicious. Not too strong, not too coconut milk tasting. The rice was very good. I also had The House Specialty, Crispy Beef. It came over salad with a special soy sauce. Me and my wife loved this! 
I read that another reviewer said that the Gen Tso had pineapple that's awesome! Sick of regular Chinese food.
Negatives;
Be more specific on menu. Could use better more modern, and more descriptive menu! This would have prevented the General Tso -Pineapple problem as they could have two kinds listed, one with pineapple and one without. Or the menu could have been more explicit about it having Pineapple in it in the first place.
Warning the veggie dumplings are very unique. Kind of like egg roll style filling (or also similar to cole slaw), not bad though, they should specify on their menu that this is very different as some people will be surprised.
I'm a big fan of Dream House and will go here again! If the menu get's better I'll give this place 5 stars!Torn between 3 and 4 stars for this place.  Let's say 3 and 1/2.
The sushi I had here was pretty good.  I like their 3-roll dinner special that comes with soup or a salad.
However, I tried their Thai this week and was unimpressed.  My roommate and I had the Chicken Pad Thai and Shrimp Drunken Noodles.  First, the good:  Portions are huge and the prices are good.  I also appreciated that the shrimp in the drunken noodles were rather large and they didn't skimp there.  That's where the good ends though.  The sauces were overly sweet for my tastes, and I think they could have had more flavor overall.  I was missing some heat.  No big deal though - I just added some siracha.  I can understand not making the base dish too hot since customers can just add their own spice to their preference.  But I also thought the noodles in the drunken noodles were a tad overcooked.  I would prefer smaller portions in exchange for more flavorful dishes.
I have ordered from here a couple of times and will probably come again, but I think I'll stick to the sushi from now on.Do not eat here. I ordered food from here on Grubhub for pickup and knowing I had already paid they charged my boyfriend again when he went to go pick it up.Just got delivery from here. First, the positives: they had prompt delivery within 30 minutes. Now for the negatives: $1 delivery charge. Kung Pao was bland and had no "pow"; I didn't even save the leftovers. The chicken with mixed vegetables was even more bland, but could be helped with dousing it with salt and soy sauce. The fried rice was more like plain brown rice with a burnt aftertaste. The fried dumplings were the best thing we got, but were more pan-seared than fried, and a little on the gooey/runny side. Another failed attempt at finding good Chinese food in the Manayunk/Roxborough area.Maybe four stars seems a bit excessive, but I really did enjoy the sushi takeout I ordered here. No complaints all the way around, with the exception that is true of many sushi spots - I wish there were more choices! M16 roll and Mango Tango roll were the faves tonight. Don't hesitate to give their sushi a try.Terrible drunken noodles. I don't know what this was but it wasn't drunken noodles. 
Overpriced and inedible.Best sushi ever !!! You must try the Amazing tuna roll and red dragon roll there absolutely delicious !!! My favorite sushi place without a doubt.I ordered on Grubhub, the delivery time said an hour but it only took 30 minutes which was great, but...
I ordered the Pad Thai, Sesame Chicken and Seaweed salad.
The pad thai and sesame chicken were very bland!! I would not order again.
The seaweed salad was good.Ordered a spicy tuna roll and shrimp
Tempura roll both with brown rice (which I paid extra for) Waited an hour and half. Did not receive brown rice. Shrimp tempura had maybe one shrimp.. Half of the pieces did not have any shrimp. Spicy tuna roll was half crunch (which I didn't ask for) and half old "tuna" which was basically a fish flavored paste. I ended up throwing both away after eating one piece each. Waste of time and money. Will never order from Dream House again.Horrible chinese food..worst chicken broccoli I have ever had. Would never recommend it. We even waited over an hour for our delivery.Order from here often through grub hub. Prices are reasonable and delivery is always fast. The food is really good too probably my favorite Chinese in Manayunk/Roxborough area.Yikes. On the real this one was a bad find and try on my part.
Ordered:
- Sashimi Appetizer
- Sushi/Sashimi Combo (comes with choice of soup or salad)
  *chose the salad
Review:
Started with the salad and will say basic lettuce from a bag most likely but was elevated by the ginger salad sauce. The sauce was delicious! So whatever about the basic salad. 
Now the Sashimi appetizer and the Sushi//Sashimi combo is what brought down the stars for this review. With every bite I was taking of the raw fish, I was nervous because the taste was on the point where the portions are borderline/on the verge of being spoiled and rotten. I was nervous... Just almost force feeding myself cause the salmon didn't taste good, but just like at edible... 
Basically what I'm trying to say is there are definitely other places to get sushi from and I will not be returning to this place for it. Pricey. Sitting on the edge of my seat while trying to eat. Didn't enjoy it. 
Bummer.