Drinker's Pub is about as basic as you can get.  A bar, juke box, beer, "life size" statue of Jack Daniel, and a mounted moose head.  Well a few of those things don't come standard in Philly bars, but nonetheless... Drinker's will do nothing to blow you away, but if used for the right reasons, hits the spot.
Nearly all my visits to Drinker's are for happy hours that I organize to keep in touch with former colleagues and friends who live outside of town.  It's a nice way to catch up without asking too much.  Due to the central downtown location, and cheap beer and grub, Drinker's is almost always the monthly happy hour destination.  Drinker's has all-day-every-day beer and shot specials, and happy hour specials from 7-9.  Their tacos and wings are good for a happy hour snack.  You'll need it to soak up all the High-Life or other light beer you'll likely be drinking.  They also have a limited selection of microbrews, $5 Heineken keg cans, and even forties (yup, forties).  My personal preference is to sit down with a few strong ales when I go for a beer, but again, this is happy hour and craft beers are not for everyone.
Drinker's, as you might expect, is also open for lunch and late-night.  The crowd for late-night is a much younger crowd than what you'll find from 5-9 on a weeknight.  It can get pretty packed.  This is not my scene and I won't recommend going at these times unless you are in college and looking for love.  If you're looking for a quick lunch in the spring and summer months they'll have the big windows open in front and it can be pleasant.  But if you're looking for a bite and a beer over that way, Devil's Alley is a few doors down.
So, in summary, Drinker's Pub is a very serviceable spot for a downtown happy hour.  The tacos and good beer prices will allow you to get a lot for your money, even in larger groups.  I can't recommend it as a weekend destination, but Drinker's is a straight-shooter when it comes to happy hours.  Just ask Jack D.Great DIVE bar. This place has cheap food and cheap drinks, and its in a prime location. There are two stories, each with their own bar where you can get $1.50 tacos (only $1 on Tuesday.) During happy hour, drinks are half off. The bartenders have always been very nice. There is a housemade, nameless salsa at each table that is so good! The random decorations include a giant clown on the ceiling, a huge moose head, a statue of Jack Daniel and a wall of real credit cards that real people have left at the bar. Theres nothing classy about this place, but for the price of drinks, and that salsa, I keep gong back.Ahh Drinkers. I've been to this place tons of times through out the years. Always a good time! Music is fun and bumping, drinks are decently priced and there's a fair amount of space. The crowd is definitely on the younger side though. It's been a while since i've had the food here but people all say good thinks so, I'd generally trust it and be willing to try it again.Meh....they canceled my delivery order to Children's Hospital of Philadelphia for no reason, guess an order for a sick kid isn't as important as pumping beer into hipsters.I've landed at Drinker's numerous times in my short time here in Philly. It's close, there's cheap/strong drinks, and the bartenders are quick. We always end up upstairs because it's usually not busy so we know we can get served really fast. The $3 three olive drinks are tough to beat during happy hour, and although I haven't eaten here yet, there's good food specials, too. 
As others have said, if you don't like to be around a ton of drunk people (mostly college kids) you're best avoiding this place, but if you don't mind that type of scene then it's worth itDrinkers is one of those places that I love when it's dead and hate when it's busy because it's full of yahoos and jerkfaces.    After work crowd is lame, and the popped collar kids on the weekends, blech!
The bartenders are awesome here, especially if you get a chance to talk to them when it's not super busy.Okay first of all the corn dogs here are really good! Also they have great happy hour deals. Half off all drinks (hello $4 golden monkey!) at nice this place is packed with a nice crowd and they have upstairs and downstairs which is cool. Cool decorations. Really nice and cool deejay who will take your recommendations and is respectfulThis is your classic college bar.  This place has good specials and the food is surprisingly good.  The bartenders are always real cool.  Sunday night was 75 cent lions head beers and 3 dollar 3 olive drinks.  You really can't beat that kinda deal.  This place gets mobbed on the weekends so if you aren't into a huge crowd, this place isn't for you.Turn down the god damn fans over the bar.  Nobody needs to have to calculate a windchill factor just to have a beer.well my friends thought some of the bartenders were hot, and who was i to argue allegedly cute bartenders serving beer? if i remember correctly [which is generally hit or miss when you're talking bars] there was pbr. that automatically gives a place 3 or more stars in my book, unless there was a weird smell or creepy dudes. i feel like it's your garden variety assemblage of collegiates, and i mean that in a good way, for once. the atmosphere was really fun and the crowd was livelier than at most other places. Vay nice.Don't ask me why I've made the mistake going to this place, TWICE. 
They don't have any good drink specials, unless you like bottles of 40s, and the music is really bad. Go to this place if you want to get girls, easily, and don't know how to dance or act like a normal person. The people who go here can't be from Philadelphia, RIGHT?Update! Food and drink prices have gone up. Most food items are $0.50-1.50 more expensive. Pitchers are also up to $7 during happy hour. I'll still go once in a while of course.I am probably biased because this was one of the first bars I went to when I turned 21 and I just loved it. I like the music and the rowdiness. People just drink and dance with no care in the world. I love beer and don't mind drinking 40s. I think this is just a great place if you're looking to get hammered and dance all night.
I haven't had the food yet but I want to try the tacos!
This place is super cheap too! Good pregame spot too if you're looking to go somewhere else after like clubbing.I'm engaged, I'm over 25, yet it's Saturday night and I find myself here with my knucklehead friends. Fair enough, I'll rate this place as I would if I were younger and unattached (Drinker's really hasn't changed since that was actually the case anyway).
Too crowded and impossibly obnoxious, even by young single drunk standards. Not my cup of tea.Love this place! Totally a go-to place if youre a college student. This place has great deals and AMAZING tacos! 1.50$ tacos and they are delicious, my favorite part about this place! This place also has the best vibes for being on a college campus and its always a decent crowd, totally worth it!Their tacos are the trashiest Americanized thing I've ever had. They had sour cream and cheese in them which is not included in authentic tacos. Also their veggje tacos are just beans combined with wheat bread from Safeway.This was our favorite stop on the Philadelphia Margarita March. Great atmosphere and a lot of fun.Small little bar. Not much seating, but we luckily got a table. The AC was blowing directly on us and it was cold! Took awhile to get our drinks and the place was not that busy. There was also a second floor, but we did not go up there.Cheap food, cheap beer, and good specials. The waitress forgot a few things, but overall was pretty good. Music is too friggin loud... why do bars always try to deafen you?okay.. this is one of those places... that although I would love to say I HATE It.. I dont..It's one of those guilty pleasures.. watching all those idiots who are my age but seem to be high school seniors trying to party hard.. lol its funny to watch.. the drinks are moderately priced for RH but are generally not well made.. I much prefer drinkers west & drinkers tavern to this one.. same kinda folks.. just not so off.. that does not mean I won't go back.. it just means that I would love to go back already intoxicated so I can laugh my ass off !17 bucks got me 5 bottles of Red Lion, 3 hot dogs, and 6 tacos. That's a great deal! Definitely a great place to go if you're not trying to spend much. The music is too loud to be a hang out spot. But it's nice to have a place to just drink at.Food pretty damn good for a dive bar. But the damn beer is NEVER cold enough, and mugs are never chilled.
Jalapeño poppers rock, but would be nice to have a cold cold beer to wash them down.This bar is awful. The people are awful. The food is awful. The beer selection is pathetic. The music is awful, and deafening.
It's like a frat party meets happy hour at TGIF. 
I can really sum it up in one statement: They don't have Yuengling. A bar. In Philly. Doesn't serve lager. 
Philly has lots (and lots) of cool bars, do yourself a favor and NEVER go to this is abortion.The name really speaks to the 'atmosphere' of the bar...drinkers.  and lots of them.
This is clearly a fantastic place to go and simply get drunk.  lots of different people, all freindly, with one thing on their mind...booze. Similar to Drinker's Tavern, the concept here is simple - make it easy.  PBR cans...40's...$2 drinks all over the freaking place.  Walking with with a small wallet  - walk out (if you can) with a big buzz...I'm going to give this 3 stars, but it requires an explanation.  I drank 5 beers and had a fairly generous (I ate half, though I wasn't starving) plate of nachos for about $20, not including tip.  Pretty decent for just west of Rittenhouse.  The beer was PBR (one of many all day specials at $2 a can, though they're not pounders) and I felt like a misplaced hipster, but I've been drinking cruddy beer since before we used the H-word, so whatever.  The nachos were ok.  Not the best I've ever had, but certainly not offensive...and the prices on the food menu were crazy cheap.  The bartender was nice and did a fine job of walking the line between attentive and obtrusive - no complaints whatsoever about the service at Drinker's.
What gets me is the CROWD.  I got there at around 3:30ish and the place was mostly empty.  As it began to get a little more crowded, I started to enjoy myself.  This place could possibly have the best ear hustlin' in the city if you're drinking alone and in the mood to feel that odd blend of superior and jaded/pathetic that only a recent post-grad graduate's conversation can provide.  So cluelessly naive with more money than sense, know what I mean?  It's kind of like reality TV - you want to pretend you're watching the golf game on TV, but can't tear yourself away from the real drama.  As the hour got later, the crowd got worse.  The after work Center City thing is just not my scene and I had to duck out before Happy Hour hit at 7.  It's one of those places that likes to think it's a dive bar and middle-upper class white people believe them.  If you can deal with the general douchiness of the patrons, Drinker's is worth a shot.  I'll definitely go back in the early to mid afternoon if I'm in the neighborhood and the place is empty, but I don't think I could bear it again in the evening.Absolute shithole, but it's OUR shithole. Everytime my friends and I end up here we get a huge rush of college nostalgia and an STD. At Drinker's you can be 29 years old standing around with a 40 and not feel like a raging alcoholic, but a part of a family. Great tacos at Drinker's, because why wouldn't they have great tacos? When you're just about blackout drunk and want feel better about yourself, there's no better place.We went searching for a good spot to catch the game and wanted both plenty of Plasma's and a good rowdy crowd all wrapped up in a dive bar tortilla.  That is exactly what we found at Drinker's.  It's a bit fraternal at the core, but plenty of other folks are in and out and it makes for a symbiotic mix. There were a few meatballs walking around with Miller High Life 40's which was entertaining as all hell, these guys were vultures without beaks and nature will eventually evolve them from the bar scene eventually.  They had a great beer selection, lots of great looking ladies and the Miller High Life distributer sat next to us and hung out for a while so that was a plus too!Whenever I go to Drinker's it ALWAYS seems to be packed. Not just packed with a good amount of people, packed like you have to fight your way to the bar. This is usually not my thing, but the specials and the timing of their happy hour is too good to beat. They do specials on weekdays from 7-9, instead of the usual 5-7. This is rather convenient for days when you want to continue your happy hour drinking into the night. This is also appropriate timing since it's best to come here when you're already slightly drunk. One upside is that the music is usually pretty good.
I don't think anyone gets anything other than beer here, probably because it's so cheap -  $6 for a yuengling or bud light pitcher. Unheard of! If you don't want to do that math, that's about $1.50 per glass. They also have cheap, greasy bar food that is pretty good for cheap, greasy bar food. 
Overall, it's small, dive-y, and sweaty/gross at times but the drinks are cheap! You win some, you lose some I guess.The bartender upstairs name is Joe Metz. He makes a mean Miller Lite and I would drink his bathwater.Drinker's hosted our group for an event in their upstairs area. Everything went swimmingly, the food was devoured by the group. Centrally located. Highly recommend!Great happy hour, no frills and the beers available for happy hour are reasonably good, and the food is good enough. Good place to chill without needing the fancy atmosphere.Drinker's....
What can I say. If you are going to Drinker's, you know what to expect. It's a party. It's a messy, cheap, drunk party. So if that's what you're looking for, this is your spot. The bartenders are amazingly fast considering they have a packed house every weekend, and most week nights. The drinks are always cheap, as long as you don't mind drinking soco limes or other mixed "shooters". And the crowd is always young and fun. 
If you want a calm night out in Philly, and to remember every minute of it, Drinker's may not be for you. But if you're going out to meet new people and sweat out stress from a recent break up or celebrate a graduation or something, then check it out. 
And eat some tacos.
-John WiedermanWhat can I say about Drinker's? It has the feel of a college bar with drink specials and $1.50 chicken tacos.  The chicken tacos with their special hot sauce are what draws my friends and I here, they are really good! Recently Drinker's has built a new upstairs area complete with a pool table, open space, and another bar.  I like the upstairs better since it does not get as crowded as the downstairs.  Also, as a word of caution, if you leave your credit card do not expect to get it back - Drinker's will hang it on the wall along with all the other credit cards other people have left behind.I really love this place! I can't see why anyone has any complaints. It's an inexpensive bar! Great for lunch or after work happy hour! 
My coworker and I often come here for the buffalo chicken sandwich! I don't know what they do to make it so delicious but they've got it down with this one! Definitely recommend. And of course, now I'm craving one! This is definitely in the top five buffalo chicken sandwiches in the area. 
There's plenty of space and it's in a great location.Bartender initially poured us Yuengling instead of Yard's. He quickly fixed the problem, but come on, I'm paying $5.50 for a pint I shouldn't have to worry about that. The price was not great so I'm just feeling mediocre about this place.We went here for wings. They were pretty bad. But at 35 cents a piece, how much can I complain?
The food is incredibly cheap, but make sure you have several of their inexpensive beers before eating anything, or you won't enjoy.
Good place for getting drunk and/or fulfilling drunk munchies on a budget.
Bad for anything that won't end in regretted decisions or hangovers.Oof. I'm not one for crowds and this place gets PACKED to the max to the point where the person next to you is probably sweating on you. It's a college bar and I felt old in my mid-twenties. The music is god-awful. The one thing I'll give them is the drink specials are decent. This is definitely not a place I plan on going back to, but I won't DIE if someone drags me here.I had an hour to kill last night before meeting the lovely wife for dinner at Chima.  I stopped in here and had an interesting experience.  I was overdressed and at least twenty years older than most of the crowd and was still made to feel right at home.  What a great little bar.
The bartender was very personable.  The drinks were priced right.  I didn't have a chance to try the food but I saw several folks eating tacos and they look fantastic.  I also noted that Yelp mobile popped up a nice coupon.  I'll be back to give them another try.Today is August the 19th 2017. I'd normally rate this bar (upstairs) a rare 4.5 out of 5 but this DJ is the worst DJ I've ever listened to in my entire life. The transitions are 30 second long cross fades with no reason. A moment ago he just ruined Bodak Yellow by speeding it up and adding unnecessary shitting basses and poopy pops now I'm upset writing my first ever yelp review in a bar while I'm supposed to be having fun. Meanwhile justin beiber is screaming WHAT DO YOU MEAN?!?! Fuck this DJ. Please never have him again.It's, um, a thoroughly unexciting dive bar. The drink specials are pretty much the same as any other regular bars in the Rittenhouse area -- you can get some kind of domestic beer for around $2 on any given night. The one thing worth pointing out about this place is that they make serve pretty tasty, heart-attack precipitating plates of fries for about $4. Those are pretty darn good to share with friends for a late night snack (so long as you're not being health-conscious.) I had taco fries, but they have other kinds of toppings too.Solid place to eat came at 2ish on a Tuesday and the bartender was awesome. He was very nice and relaxed the bar was moderately packed. The menú is a good size and variety and the place is a good size. Will definitely be back again and especially because the Christmas decorations are still up!Fun dive bar. Very friendly staff. Excellent bar specials including three dollar cans of PBR. The taco special deal. Some of the best tacos in the city for $1.50. Quesadillas are stuffed with cheese and a very filling meal.  OK to have kids there at lunchtime.Great drink prices and good setup for dancing and just standing around chatting. Came in with a larger group of 14 or so and had no trouble finding an area to hangout and meet people even though it was crowded. 
The bartenders where fast and efficient. Plus they sell 40s so, I mean come on. That's awesome. 
Will be back again next time I'm in the city.Okay.. if you want to go to a place where you get hassled by ugly frat boys who talk shit about you and the crowd but is "jk" and drinks the small Heinekins?  GREAT place to go. The only reason I gave this place another star was because the bartender there on monday nights is awesome and has to deal with these fuckers.So the best thing about Drinker's is their $1.50 TACOS!! The tacos are nothing special really, I mean you can probably make them at home...but the hot sauce they have at every table to put on your tacos is SO GOOD. I've had their nachos as well but nothing beats the tacos. 
Their drink prices are nothing special on weekends, but at least they have whatever it is that you're craving in stock (For me, it was Angry Orchard & apparently not every bar has that)I have been to Drinkers many times but last night was the first weeknight/ non late night appearance. I went around 730 to watch the Phillies take down #102 (boo ya) and the rest of the baseball drama unfold. Unfortunately, I left before all the games could end as I was not impressed.
My buddy and I ordered some food and pitchers. $6 domestic $9 import pitchers for the 7-9 daily happy hour is pretty sweet. So are $1 hot dogs and $1 tacos. In addition, I had the burger which was overcooked and didn't come with the cheese I asked for; Fries were decent though. My friend who I have never seen not finish a meal got halfway through his chipotle chicken sandwich and threw in the towel, just that bad. 
We were sitting toward the back and every other table in our row had the same problem of being dripped on from the overhead pipes. It was too busy to move elsewhere so I just repositioned my stool. It was still annoying to keep catching rain drops falling out inside out of the corner of my eye.
In conclusion, I'll still be back to Drinkers for night caps to put myself out of my misery at the bar.Came here for a quick drink with a friend since I was in town.
Just your plain ol' bar. Nothing too special but I would say that the waitresses were very good at coming by to make sure you were taken care of! So pretty good service.
The food and drink prices are very reasonable- $1 tacos! 
I didn't try the food, but I would say this place can get you drunk with limited funds :) So it's a go!$1 tacos cannot be beat. If you want a reminder of your college times, Drinker's is the place to go. They have an upstairs area with a small bar, pool table, and a bit of dancing.I was in Philly for Americorps Orientation and me and one of fellow volunteers ended up at this bar on our first night. We were greeted by Joe, one of the bartenders and were promptly served beer. The happy hour specials were over, but he still gave us $1 tacos anyway and gave us the drink specials.
We talked to the bartenders for a bit and we ended up scoring free T-shirts, which was amazing. The music in here was also awesome. Any place that plays Spoon deserves an extra star for me. Gonna go sport my Drinker's tee now.What a great Philly bar. It's a no frills bar that specializes in great bar food and great times! They surprisingly have some great wings and pretty good nachos as well. It's always a great place to end up at the end of the night. They have a fun upstairs with pool and great tunes. Make sure to go on Thursdays also, 90s night!!You have to be in the mood for this place. I vote LATE 1am - 2am ...ish... when you barely know what city you are in.
You will hate your life if you are there any earlier... Drinks can be cheap if you know what to order.
Don't expect to have any breathing room.  There are also signs for Watch Out for Pick Pockets (?) .. questionable.
I do LOVE the cards all over the wall from the people who forget to close their tabs.. CLASSIC COLLEGE.Well.
Not sure what the big deal about this place is other than the insane amount of people that you can find there at a time.
Its an alright place with pretty chill Bartenders...yea. 
That's about it.Rage party bar. I'm sure in the summer it's a sweat shop. If they were to stop ppl from coming in the door, i would guess they would wait bc the patrons were having a fricking blast!! It was crazy packed and while that is usually fine, it sucked getting bumped into rudely
GREAT DJ/music choicesReview for atmosphere and drinks only:
Came here for a conference and stumbled upon this place. Fantastic drink specials at all times. Mondays they have a $4 anything Absolut. But, they have really good beer specials at all times, as well as some good drink specials ($4 Jack Honey Whiskey shot and they are very liberal about how much they give you). Cool decor and was a cool cross section of people the two times I was there. Fast with drinks and attentive. I didn't buy the food, but the menu looked fantastic and seemed reasonably priced. Can't comment on the quality of the food.
If you want to grab a drink with some friends, come here! Great place.This bar sucks.
Very college in the worst way possible.
Super crowded on weekends, if you go late night, you will have to fight your way through, and will be groped by drunk sweaty people along the way.Drinker's is truly one of the most awful bars in Center City. The only reason I'm not giving it one star is that it seems to know what it is an embraces it. Look, it's a college bar - it gets incredibly crowded and pushy. The last two times I've been there, the police have had to break up fights. The bar staff is rude and tries to guilt you into ordering simpler drinks, which is usually a bottle of something. The food is actually okay.
If you're there for a happy hour or something, it's not half bad, despite the dozens of better bars within walking distance. Don't let your friends guilt you into coming here, we need to end the madness.Bartenders and the guy at the door was everything.  Their personalities are great.  They were on the money for the drinks.  Drink specials and food specials.  Music isn't bad either.  Sundays are good days to go according to the bartender.This place is ok, I prefer the one in Old City as it has a charm of it all it's own, this place is everything I don't like about a bar, way overcrowded on a saturday night, and really hard to get a drink, not exactly what i'm looking for. 
The atmosphere was ok, I was excited to see that they serve taco's here as well and that they have a check-in offer for all of you smartphone yelp users...
I'd rather be at devil's alley, i love that place!Great happy hour pub to stumble upon on our last day in the city after walking for a while along the parkway. My boyfriend is from Philly and wanted to catch the Flyers home opener. Here at Drinkers Pub we found 2 seats front and center at the bar with offering of 1/2 price drinks and tacos for $1.50 for chicken/beef, and 50. cents for bean. I liked the chicken and bean best. Monday thru Friday from 5-7pm. Our bartender was very attentive and provided great service. The atmosphere is classic but not really divey and doesn't smell, and has lots of TV's for viewing whatever sport you're into.Came here on a Wednesday night.  It seemed like the bar was full of really young people, like all 21-year-olds.  I only stayed for 2 songs.  The bar was too busy and I couldn't even order a drink.  The patrons kept yell/singing the songs which was really cheesy.  I left really quick because it was way too childish.This was my last stop on a Wednesday night beer week bar crawl.  The original plan was Kokopelli for some dancing, but who would have thought that no one dances on Wednesday nights?  
There were quite a few people at Drinkers considering that it was late on a Wednesday.  I suspect many of the bar-goers were students, jealous.  There was a DJ playing a decent mix of music.  My friends ordered some light beers, a good time was had by all.  
Will need to go back later this month to use my taco coupon.  A few tacos passed by my table and they looked really good.Get your drinks in, get your drinks in, get your drinks in...
You get the idea.
Its not exactly a dive bar but yet its not the typical high-brow Rittenhouse Square bar/resto.
It's cheap...well cheap enough for drinks as well as tacos.
The barkeep was a tatted-up giant of a man.
The music was alt-rock-ish.
There are a couple of tv's that can distract you from holding convos with strangers, so that's a negative.
I'll be back.  Probably for a bar crawl.I avoided this place for a long time...the extreme volume and crowds I often see aren't my cup of tea.
However, on a weeknight I saw it was nearly empty and they had cheap eats and drinks.  Got a corn dog, nachos, and beer.  Healthy, right?
Here's the thing, if you can make it in here when it's not just full of loud, drunk Jersey types, it's worth it.  The staff was really nice, the food was decent, and the prices are fair.  Or, if you love loud, drunk people you can go when it's crowded.Wednesday night After Sips spot. Music isn't the best for dancing but chill environment. Good drinks, tasty bar food.I went all over Philly in search of the best pub/bar and finally found it here! Not only were the prices reasonable, the music great, and the ambiance low key, but JOEY D. WAS AWESOME!!! He's the was only bartender, or Phildelphian (sp?) who had any social skills! Everyone I encountered the entire time I was in town was rude with no personality! Thank you sooo much Joey for showing hospitality to two "LOVELY LADIES" from San Diego! If I'm ever back in Philly, I'm definitely going back here :o)This place is not really my scene. It's a bar that tries too hard to be cool and kitsch (everyone in the bar is doing the same thing). They do run good drink specials and it's in close proximity to other bars, so it's got that going for it. The service is good (when you tell a waitress to bring you another martini every single time she walks by your table and she does it... you've scored.) The juke box is not bad but the people playing the songs are stuck in the 80's. Within ten minutes of your arrival you will hear Bon Jovi "Living on a prayer". It's suprisingly not a bad place to hit on girls. Be good or be gone.i love drinkers...  now maybe I'm not your average customer.  I don't go on weekends, in fact Thursdays are a little to crowded for me.  I go to drinkers for two things, the tacos and the dollar rolling rock ponies.  These things make me happy :o) Actually make it three things because Joe and Thomas are great and make a night at the bar entertaining.  To all the haters... stay home.  Drinkers is a great place to hangout catch a game and eat delicious, delicious, tacos for cheap. The dollar tacos are amazing and make no bones about it when my friends and I go we eat plenty of them.  Spicy beef or chicken (I think they have bean too) you can choose from hard shell or soft and they all come with cheese, pico de gallo, sour cream, and lettuce, they're loaded! Drinkers has great specials, a late happy hour, and besides the dollar tacos have a really tasty menu.  I thought I had written this review awhile ago and decided that with all the haterade people are drinking before they write their reviews that I would add my opinion too.  They do card - everyone!  So don't show up without your id. Week days can draw a random crowd which can make for some fun and interesting nights.  This is by far my favorite week night bar.I'm probably the only person who gives Drinkers 5 stars and I'm not ashamed of it. The 5 stars comes with a caveat, though. I must always, always be intoxicated before I even enter Drinker's in order to enjoy it. I'm the type who really doesn't like very crowded bars full of preppy dudes drinking 40s. I have found that I borderline hate Drinker's while sober. 
If you're typically a scoffer of Drinker's, here's how to enjoy it:
1) Be several drinks in before arriving
2) Go on a Saturday night 
3) Be someone who enjoys dancing your socks off.
Because guess what? The DJ on Saturday night (Ryan) is awesome. You will be dancing. Maybe the most important step is to just let go of it all. Just relax and want to have fun and you will.
A friend once said "Drinker's is the place where dreams come true" and I live by this motto. Drinker's, I'll see you tomorrow night!Do I go to Drinker's to drink martinis and listen to jazz? Enjoy craft cocktails and an award-winning menu? No. I do go there with friends to drink $5 pitchers, eat incredibly cheap tacos, and listen to sweet tunes amongst crowds there to enjoy the same. 
Watching inebriated college and 20 somethings pound 40oz High Lifes while grooving to Ke$ha is extraordinarily entertaining. I have always had a good time here.Drinkers is the kind of place that is what exactly you expect from a small, local bar--Cheap food, cheap beer, and a loud atmosphere.  The oddest part about it is that it's right in the middle of the City, and not in some shady area.
There really isn't much you need to know, the cheap beer and food should be enough to get you in the door as it is.  The tacos are $1 a piece and are actually quite good for bar-style tacos.  In fact, all of the food that I've tried here is pretty decent bar food.  The tv's always have sports on, the music is loud, and there are plenty of twenty-somethings to mingle with.
A night that usually starts out with some cheap drinks, catching up on sports, and good bar food can easily turn into a night of drunken debauchery.
C'mon, what more do I need to say.Drinker's is a guaranteed good time any day of the week, even when there aren't that many people there. It is smaller establishment, but there is always a good crowd and the bartenders are super friendly (unless you beer tap people, then they'll politely  ask you to stop or kick you out). Plus, they sell MHL 40s - not the classiest of drinks, but no one will judge you. I prefer one of Joe's shots or wonderful mixed drinks. The food is also yummy and cheap, and there is a different taco special every month - 1/2 special if you check-in on 4square. If you're looking for a good time and want to make some new friends, this is your spot. Plus you're close to every other bar in center city in case you bored (doubtful!)They sell 40s!!!! I remember buying 40s at the corner Bodega for like $3. This brought back the good ol day's. Except here they charge you $7 or $8 for a 40. This place is my favorite place in Philly.  Decent prices and great music. Definitely a go too when you are in town.Although Drinker's is a popular spot in center city, I could name a thousand bars that are better. The drinks are cheap but the place is always packed. I can't have a conversation with the person next to me without yelling. Needless to say, I end up without a voice after a night at Drinker's.I'm not sure what this says about me, but I have a soft spot in my heart for the disaster that is Drinker's.
Sure you're gonna get a sloppy 23-year-old post-grad babe come 3 inches from your face and say, "Ohhhhh my gawd, I'm sooooo drunkkkkkk!"
Sure you're gonna be knee deep in bros that think, "I'd like to get at that!" is an excellent pick up line.
But hey, where else can you order a 40 at the bar and neglect your dignity for the night (don't lie, you've totally played Edward FortyHands)?
The food is awful, the crowd is awful, the people-watching is great and I can't get enough.Cheap drinks, good food, cozy bar atmosphere. This is a great place to hang with your friends. Staff is friendly and it's not too loudThis bar offers fun times, good food and a great spot to hang out with friends after work or for a night out. The drinks are reasonably priced and the food is quite good. The food is much better than you would expect, with great tacos, wings, and nachos. The music can be hit or miss but still a good time. There are several TVs on the walls with games going. The place can get kind of crowded and tough to move around in on weekends but still fun. The upstairs and pool tables and another bar area too.I love coming here for their happy hour tacos. I get their vegetarian bean tacos and its only $1, and their beef tacos are $1.50 during happy hour. You must try their hot sauce with the tacos, its absolutely delicious (well, that's only if you like it spicy). I have only been here for happy hour's during my college years, which was about 4 years ago and its always packed with Indians (especially during sips). I stopped coming here for happy hours since the last 2 years because I am just not into hanging out with young college crowd anymore. I did come here once last year just to eat their tacos and there's always someone looking for a fight there (again, it's because its all college kids). As much as I love their tacos, I think I will try to avoid this place during their happy hour and pay couple more $$ to eat their tacos in peace.So crowded...great if you're in the mood to be surrounded by 7 simultaneous bachelorette parties.Went for another try at a good Happy Hour in and around the city and I have to say was pleasantly surprised. A good mix of people and some good wings always equals a good time. 
I do agree with some of the other reviews that there isn't a huge selection of Beers but for a Happy Hour you only need a good 3 anyway...If we are being honest. 25 cents wings and a dollar hot dog, who's complaining? I heard it gets packed on Friday so I will definitely update but as of now a good solid 4 stars.Go here if...
you are still in college
you don't mind getting beer spilled on you
you just want to get hammered
you think that drinking a 40 (with or without a paper bag) is cool
Otherwise, there are a million other places that are way cooler within a few blocks.