bros/students.  it's huge and airy and drinks are .50-$1 on thursday nights so this is my spotIt's so dark there that the place puts u to sleep.  Their drink special are a joke.  Not worth the 4 dollars can't even taste the alcohol just the soda.  The bartenders there don't seem to like it there either cause they are not friendly at all.  Makes u never want to return again.  Yes they have 1.50 tacos but it has no meat just beans.  .50 more for meat.  I personally don't want to be farting the whole night so I got the meat tacos. 
Would have been good if the cook didn't burn the crap out of the taco shell.  The shell was black and the bartender just gave it to me looking like that. Me thinking it was suppose to look like that was very disappointed and grossed out. All u tasted was the burnt taco shell. 
 This place used to be a cool hang out place but now has gone to the pits.  Food got worse and the service.  Yeah may be cheap but i rather pay an extra 1.00 for better drinks food and bartenders.I always have a good time at Drinkers West! 
The food and drink specials here are amazing - $1 tacos (hard or soft) and 35-cent wings all day, every day. The Cajun Rub wings are my favorite - they're so good, I haven't tried any of the others! The chicken tacos are also very good - all of the food is really good considering the price. Drinkers' fries are tasty as well. 
The crowd is pretty diverse - you have the party people who are there to take advantage of the really awesome drink specials (Late-night happy hours? I love you.), the people who want to want whatever Philadelphia sports team is playing on one of the many TVs, the drunk Erin Express-ers, and the suits looking to let loose after a hard day at work. 
There are plenty of small and private (unisex) bathrooms and I think they're some of the cleanest I've seen at a bar.
Service is usually pretty friendly! 
I wish they would fix the wheel so I could check in and watch my fate unfold. (Will I have to take a shot of hot sauce? Will it be a bartender's choice? Will I get a free Pony?)Great atmosphere and cheap drinks, especially on thursday nights. 75 cent miller high lifes and various well-drinks for $1. Their giant projection screen is awesome for watching those important sports games.Beers under a dollar - fantastic. But, like other people have said, the music is WAY too loud. So loud you can't talk to the person next to you without shouting directly into their ear, and thats just plain awkward. Great place to come after 10pm on Thurs or Fri and dance to the typical old school Snoop into Poison into Journey mix... Really young, really drunk crowd. I felt old and I'm 26. Dudes awkwardly grinding and groups of people marfing plates of cheese fries. It had it all!
The highlight of my night there was watching guy stumble from table to table finishing all the empty drinks. I give that guy five stars.Every single time I'm here, someone throws up. Without fail, somebody loses their lunch. Or dinner. Or whatever. The scene this place attracts is 99% college, and usually not the variety that any reasonable person would want to be associated with. The other 1% are creepy single men who come to watch girls. It gets weird real quick.This is literally my favorite bar in University City. The music is always great, the specials are pretty much unbeatable (75 cent select drafts, $3 Cuervo and Soco shots), and the food is surprisingly amazing for how cheap it is. They have $1 tacos and hot dogs and .35 cent wings EVERY NIGHT and they are delicious! Another great thing about this place is that there is plenty of room to move around.. they have 2 floors, 2 bars and a game room area. I personally like it better as a weekday spot because its a little less crowded compared to Friday/Saturday nights  If you're looking for a good time, cheap eats/drinks, fun and friendly bartenders, Drinkers is definitely a win!I have mixed feelings about this place. I have 2 experiences...
1. the bad one- i asked if they had happy hour at least 3 times to 3 different people... i was told yes and then i was told their food specials along with the specials for that night (9pm-whenever). i dont understand why they just couldnt say no. all i wanted was drink specials at 5pm, is that so wrong to ask for as a college student.
2. the good one- i went here around 9pm.. they had really good specials, it was hard cutting myself off with such good deals. my friend and i sat outside so we bonded with the security guy at the door. our server also did not seem to mind coming outside to get us another round. the night ended with some random guy walking by and asking for money, 2 guys that had just parked in front of us decided to sit at our table for about 15 min. then left, and some other couple actually giving the bum some money after the security guy was trying to stop them.
overall, i would def. go back.. the inside's pretty cool, great tvs, atmosphere, etc.I went here on a Friday night to chill and watch the Eagles game and celebrate the last bit of summer before school starts back up. I was initially excited because there were so many specials available. Among us we had a few round of shots, a pitcher of margarita, a few rounds of 3 olives drinks and a long island. However, our soco n' lime shots were more lime than anything and the three olives tasted like my mixer (red bull). After tasting the margarita we actually had to ask the waitress if they could add more alcohol (she declined but said they could add more orange juice o_0). It literally tasted like a pitcher of sour mix. My friend complained that her long island was too sweet so I tasted it and lo and behold that tasted exactly like sour mix too! We could've saved her 8 bucks just by giving her a some of our "margarita". So after receiving an $90 drink bill we walked out of this place upright and more sober than when we'd came in. I'd give this place 1 star but I assume (don't quote me on this) it's okay if you want quick and cheap finger food/bites and a place to watch the game on several screens as I would not recommend the liquor because although on discount, I can't find it's even worth that. I also liked that they had a million bathrooms so there was never a wait once all that juiced up liquor ran straight through you. Other than that there are a hundred other places I'd rather spend my money in the city. I was really disappointed with Drinkers West.I've been here twice. Both times, same waitress. She's pretty much walking [stumbling?] the line between drunk and sh*tfaced each time. Something weird about be likes that.
The first time we ordered the drink special and it was whiskey. My boyfriend-- the sweet, strange man that he is-- seems to forget that he hates whiskey. Anyway, long story short, she saw that he wasn't drinking, brought him a new, non-whiskey drink, and didn't charge us for either of them. 50% tip for you!
The second time that same girl, still wasted (Or maybe wasted again. Idk if she had been drunk that entire time) sees my boyfriend and yells "NO WHISKEY!" I love it.
The wings kinda sucked, though. Nachos were good.
I'll be back.For all the stale, pretty terrible bars in University City this place is honestly a great destination.  No more huge crowds at Blarney and Smoke's, no more awkward absence of people at Blockley - this place adds so much to the true college bars in that small radius.  Big enough to hold students from both Drexel and Penn, AWESOME SPECIALS, better-than-average bar food, and great waitresses, not to mention hip music.  This place throws some FUN EVENTS and really can get the party started - never a cover.  Don't be turned off by the bars in the area, check this one out and you'll be sure to come back.New lay out is not conducive to a day drink. Also you're not aloud to play drinking games for some unknown reason. Sorry I'm not sorryI really like coming to this place in University City! Its spacious and they have a pool table, bean bag toss, and a few other games. They also have numerous TVs so its always fun watching games here. The best part in my opinion are their tacos... I LOVE THEIR DOLLAR TACOS. They are probably some of the best tacos I've had in Philly! Although the crowd can be a little strange at times,  its a fun and casual place to hang out!We were staying in Philly for the weekend of the 4th and wanted to find a late night place that was cheap and fun.  I think we found it!!  
At first, we were carded at the door...then again at the bar. (the bartender said there has been trouble with under age drinking and I thought...uh-ohhhh this is going to be a douchey "college" place..BUT I was wrong).  We sat at a high top table, ordered wings and DELICIOUS tacos and let the drinking commence!
It was cheap..it was loud...it was dark....it was awesome.
The best part?? The hot sauce/bbq sauce on the table. OMFG (valley girl accent included)... it was spicy and sweet with a hint of curry and cinnamon? Best thing I have ever eaten.....someone I know..may have...thrown a bottle in her purse...but...I cannot...be sure.quality place.  I was visiting the U-Penn area from out of town, and I didn't know where to go.  I looked and looked and looked .... and this place seemed the best.
probably mostly college students, but as a mid/late-20s guy I felt fine.  exciting and crowded, but its also cool if you just wanna chill.  I think the prices were pretty reasonable.I got the spinach/pulled-pork sandwich and boyfriend got the double bacon cheeseburger. Great affordable food, although I must say the pork was much better than the burger.
We went on a Saturday night, but still, could you play music ANY LOUDER? We had to scream at each other across the table. Ridiculous. You're lucky your food is good, and your drinks are cheap.I have no idea why i thought eating food at a place like this would be a good idea. I'd complain about how bad the burger and tacos were but I guess that's just the type of place it is.
Go here if you like dark bars that blast shitty pop music. Why was the music so loud early in the night when the place was empty?I was sexually harassed by a bartender on a Monday night. Enough said.Mwah mwah mwah I love you Drinker's West! Because! Specials here are truly excellent! A dollar for a taco?? Really? Thanks! I also love how sweet the waitresses are. As though the first interview question was " have you been dipped in sugar?" They are great, mellow, cute, all smiles, and generally the right amount of attentive.  I have been here more than once.  Thanks for the consistency.  Drink prices are 100% reasonable and the place is quite large an open while still managing to be cozy.  The bathrooms are pristine and they have those sweet high powered hand dryers.  The bar is not too loud and about 600 times better than the Rittenhouse location.I don't like their specials as much as the center city drinkers. I go to any of the drinkers mainly because the drinks are cheap, but they just aren't as cheap here. Just so everyone knows, the center city drinkers offers $1 PBR shotguns, $2 PBR cans, and $3 bud light drafts and soco shots. I've also never had good service here. The last time I was here, on a admittedly very crowded night, the waitress only came to our table one time, and that was just to grab a glass. She said she'd be right back, but I'm still waiting. 
One thing it does have going for it is the space. It's a great space and they make good use of it with tables and the pool table etc. I just wish they'd change up the management of the drinks and service.GREAT Space!  GREAT Food! GREAT PEOPLE!!!
How much more do you want from a place let alone when you throw a party and want to have a great experience to be had by all.
I will be back for more!  Thank you DRINKER'S WEST for a great experience.What's better to bring back memories of college than $0.75 Miller High LIfe happy hour!?!   Seriously though, this is a half decent dive bar where you can cover the group's tab with $10.I have been a few times, and I hate to give it a bad review, but here goes...normally, I'd give this place 3 stars. Good location (University City), great food deals (cheap wings- not fantastic but cheap in price, $1 tacos & $3 for more substantial tacos) are economical but ya get what you pay for, really. Also has generally good drink specials, but lacks on the higher quality brews that I generally go for. All in all it, it is great for when you are a hungry undergrad that wants to get drunk with friends on campus. Perfect, good for you. Here's the bad part:
Service has always been terrible for the handful of times I have gone there. Their waitstaff doesn't seem to give a shit if they get your order correct. The waitresses can look hot til the day is long but if you can't bring me what I ordered, go work at a strip joint. 
Also, on our last visit (& will be the LAST time we will EVER go there) we had the pleasure of finding a piece of broken glass in one of our pints. Some background for you: my friends & I are PhD-educated and very respectable citizens that kept our cool and brought this to the attention of the manager, "Mike." "Mike" said we didn't have to pay for the drinks we had ordered. Well, that was nice of him, until he lied to us. Turns out, he left the most expensive pitcher on our bill, so again we asked to speak to the manager. "Mike" in the full force of a complete asshole blew us off when we tried to explain to him that a trip to the ER would have been thousands of dollars more expensive then a $9 pitcher. My good friend almost swallowed the piece of jagged glass. Seriously, what complete degenerates do they have running that place?Never dull when I come out on a Friday or Saturday night. Best spot to watch the eagles game.....always good energy in that place. The burgers are to die for, wings are nice, and tacos are delicious...the wait staff are friendly and coordinated.I had heard this place is new and had awesome specials every day.
Came here tonight with a friend to check the place out, and saw that they had 1/2 off pizzas all night, hurray!! It didn't apply to the specialty pizzas which looked amazing, but we ordered a large with mushroom & spinach to share. It was much better than I'd expected -- crispy crust, generous toppings, portions more than enough to fill us both up, for just $5 each.
The waitress was really great and popped in quite often to check on us. The only gripe I had was that she wouldn't automatically refill our glasses, so we had to ask every time. The place was pretty spacious, and it was a little rowdy with people watching the game (on several big screens and one HUGE screen). They have seats on the 2nd floor, but I guess they won't open that up until they get crowds in there.
They also have a sink-or-swim special on Sundays until 8pm, all-you-can-eat on a pretty extensive menu of tailgate food. It looked good, and for just $10 I'm definitely going back next Sunday to try it! I'll let y'all know how it goes. :)One of my new favorite bars.
It's in UCity, so there's a chance it'll be douchey. But when it's a bit empty, especially earlier in the evening - sometimes even as late as 12:30 - it's great.
A giant projection screen and plenty of TVs for the game. Cheap bar food - tacos, dogs, nachos, fries, and delicious cheesesteak egg rolls. Pitchers of Bud Light for $5.50.
Check in on Foursquare and spin the prize wheel over the bar.
Definitely a great time.All I have to say is that if you like buckets of brew...this is the place.
Literally, they bring a washtub full of bottled beer!  That works out to about 75 cents per drink.   Also, for those who prefer, there are $5-6 pitchers of draft as well.  
Although it can get noisy and crazy at times, it's a great place to go with your friends to watch a game (or two) or shoot the breeze.  I would, however, pre-eat at another establishment before hand since the food is unexceptional for the price.  Better yet, go to Chili's nearby for their happy hour meal specials, then head on over to Drinker's.  
It will be a wild night, if you like that sort of thing.A new bar in University City? Great, please bring more out here to University City/West Philly.
We checked this place out on a Thursday night-great drink special-"Recession Special'. This consisted of .50 cent Miller High Life from 8pm-2am!  We really enjoyed this deal and also the spaciousness of the bar. I really liked having all the big screens spread out around the bar, a pool table, and lots of space to walk around.
It became a little crowded after 10pm, as they have a DJ come in on Th/Fri/Sat after 10pm, but I really didn't mind the loud music too much.  We definitely are planning to come here for their great Super Bowl special too.Of all the bars in University City, Drinker's kind of flies below the radar. I used to live across the street but I never went very often because it always looked empty. They have decent drink specials but the crowd is a little stranger than I'm used to in University City. Service is ok but never overly fast. The $1 tacos aren't that great, but hey they're $1.Came here last weekend to relive my fading college days, and it definitely lived up to expectations!
Crowd was the usual assortment of frat boys and biddies, which was exactly what I wanted to surround myself with. Ping pong tables and a "DJ" rounded out the atmosphere.
Lots of cheap drink options, like $2 PBRs and $5 Honey Jacks on the rocks, even during primetime. 
The upstairs balcony area looked cool but was unfortunately closed off when we were there.The food is ok, but you cannot have high expectations considering how cheap everything is. Also, this is not the place to watch sports games as there are very few tvs. However, this is the best place to hang out or pregame. The drink specials are amazingly cheap, especially on Thursday nights. This is definitely the best college bar on Penn's campus.It's a nice place, but  would be nicer if the staff gave two cents about their customers. And Frankly, I been here at least 10 times already and the service has always been nonexistent.
If you are part of the market segment that only cares about cheap food and drinks, then this place is great. 
If you are a person like me who likes cheap drinks, but would appreciate some  attentive staff, then don't come here because it doesn't exist, at all. Even on their best day.
Not only is the staff inattentive, they are also incompetent high school dropouts looking for a job that they can screw around in and get away with not taking customers seriously.
Even though there were 5 people hanging out, texting, drinking, and socializing with each other, they never asked if I liked to order anything, and just basically sat there drinking alcohol while texting all day. I waited about 3 minutes until I had to wave someone down to get their attention, and I had to do ALOT of waving until I had to say, "Hey, can I order a drink?" really loud in order to grab anyones attention. Its like this every time I come here...
I came here on a slow night and sat down and I still had to wave someone down to get service. I would totally understand if they were busy as shit, but this was a TUESDAY and there were literally 5 people at the bar that have already been served. 
I honestly don't care if you drink and text, but at least attempt to do the BARE MINIMUM and ask me if I need to order anything, jeeeeez
I like to come to a place and relax with a drink and mind my own business after a long day of studying, but the staff here does a fantastic job of making you feel like you dont belong hereGone here a few times since moving out East.
The food is good, given the low low price. Space is open, and they have some good bar activities.
Biggest plus? Lots of bathrooms, individuals to boot 
The only unfortunate thing is that every time I've come here there are two bartenders. One (same one every time) is the only one interested in actually working. The others (different 'keeps, each time) just talk. And talk. And talk. Ignoring all patrons unless they're trying to form a romantic relationship. Clocked well over an hour for each the other barkeeps in this fashion. Given I was here for two hours at a time, it's pretty hefty. And yeah, patrons went unserved for several minutes while they got their proverbial groove on.
I will also say that patrons here don't know or don't care to flush toilets. Every. Single. Time. A giant pile of used toilet paper floating in a bowel of urine. What is wrong with people. 
Here's to hoping it's an issue of small sample size...I've been here twice now, both times for benefits.  From the perspective of just wanting a good beer, their selection is really lacking, especially when compared with other bars/pubs in the city, and especially when considering that they offer no specials for benefit events. $1 tacos were okay, but my guess is that the beans are canned, so you get what you pay for.  Service was really lacking, especially considering that with a benefit event they pretty much had a captive audience.  Basically, unless there's a charity event I wouldn't bother with DW. Oh...the accoustics?  They get one star.Ridiculously spacious but rather dingy interior. You will be sticky in some way, shape, or form by the end of the night. It's a dive bar with the interior space of a bumping night club. Drinks are cheap and daily drink specials (like $1 wells on Thursdays) cut prices even further. The bar lacks any interesting beer or drink choices, it's rather standard college bar fare. 
There's not really space to dance, if you're into that sort of thing I suggest going to Blockley's, which has a sizeable dance floor section. However, Drinker's serves it's purpose well. It provides college students with ample amounts of cheap alcohol and, consequently, has all the charms (fights, vomiting, and overall sloppiness) of a college-area bar. If you know what you're getting into, you'll have a good time. Don't expect any sort of relaxation or peace of mind at a night out at Drinker's.I'm deeply ashamed to admit that you can find me at Drinker's West some Wednesday nights.  When you can barely afford to pay rent like me, however, those $1 drink specials are hard to resist.  It feels good to be able to get seven or eight drinks and still spend less than 15 dollars with tip -- considering how expensive beer is in Pennsylvania, it's almost cheaper than drinking at home.  
Fortunately, it's usually pretty empty on Wednesday nights.  There have been a couple times, though, that I've walked in on a full crowd, and it's not a pretty sight.  If being surrounded by wasted, lame frat boys and maybe-21-but-look-13 sorority girls, all while listening to club hits blaring so loud you can't have a conversation to someone sitting next to you sounds like your scene, well...you may have found your new home.  There's not much I like less, personally, which is why I can't bring myself to rate this place over two stars.  
Plus, one of the bartenders is a total meathead.Drinkers West seems to cater almost exclusively to UPenn undergrads: the music is obnoxiously loud, and the customers are usually extremely inebriated. However, the drink specials are amazing. I like to go on Thursday because they have $1 wells from 10-12 and .75 Miller High Life from 5 pm to 12 am. It's quite a bargain-- if you can stand the atmosphere. As an extra bonus, the setup is quite nice. It's beautiful inside.I'm easily becoming a regular at this place. 
As other yelpers have mentioned, the Thursday night special is awesome, and even better than the .50 Miller High Life, are the $1 sliders (5/5 stars, and they're acutally $1.50 with cheese, which is how I like them). 
They have a large projector and since the place is pretty empty around 7, my friends ask the bar to change the channel to their hockey game and it's never a problem. 
The high ceilings make the place bearable when its packed (unlike Smokes down the street where you feel the walls are caving in on you around midnight), and the well drinks are good and cheap. 
The service is also pretty good.Looks like a hotel from outside, but there were plenty space inside. I was there for happy hour special and they had $1 taco deals. Chicken was no good. But beef was fantastic. My friend got bean taco, which she liked it. We also had nacho special with cheese. That was ok. Other than it's spacious bar in University City. I do recommend taco deals.I've been here a lot lately - because of my softball team.
It's definitely a college-crowd scene. Beer is cheap, and service is less than adequate. The servers seem to be hired because they are either pretty girls or will bring in lots of friends.
I can't argue with the Dollar Tacos though and the rest of the menu is really cheap and delicious. Also, you can't beat a pitcher for Lager for $6. 
Drinkers wants to be on the cutting edge, and wants to be different. They keep adding to the "game" area, and now have a ping-pong table (ha ha) and pool. Fun stuff.Just updating my review to tell you that the new Drinkers West has fish tacos and they are good :)
I'm so happy that this place is on my corner.
The fish tacos come in a crispy fried tortilla shell which is yummy but makes them a little tricky to eat. 
Next time I will request a soft shell.Went here last night with a few co-workers and had a good time. The bartenders were friendly and basically having a good time with us also. The food was cheap and not bad for what you pay for. Cheap booze also helps to not blow through all your cash.If you like manly sports bars with cheap beer, this is the 5-star place for you. If you prefer quieter, cozier bars with good food, this is NOT the place for you.
Open space (they could totally squeeze in more tables though...), cheap tacos and beer pints, plenty of TVs to watch games. Incredibly loud though, so don't expect to be able to hear your friends here on a popular weekend night. 
Seems to draw in the too-cool-for-school crowds.I'm always hesitant to get drinks anywhere in University City, since I have a very strong aversion to fratboys. Despite my concerns that I might have to wade through crowds of them at Drinker's, so far this has yet to happen. I'm sure later at night or on weekends they crawl out of the (very nice dark wood) woodwork, but given their location I guess you can't hold Drinker's accountable for this. 
The best thing about Drinker's is the $1 tacos. Seriously: $1 tacos, all the time. For 35 cents they will add chicken. And these were solidly good tacos. I have no idea how they manage to keep this place profitable, since not even Taco Bell sells tacos this cheap. 
The only food I've tried so far was the tacos, but I'm definitely intrigued by the rest of the menu - the prices are incredibly reasonable. They have a pulled pork sandwich for $4, turn it into a platter with fries for an extra $2. They also have $1 hotdogs during any Philadelphia sports game. Other things that intrigued me from the menu were the chicken fried bacon and the flatbreads. I always appreciate somewhere that I can get something interesting to eat along with my drinks, so I might have to face my fear of potential undergrads to head back here. 
Our server was really good. We had a good-sized group and people came and went over the course of a few hours, and she did a great job of checking in regularly to take orders for more food and drinks. I'm used to Center City drink prices, so I was perfectly happy to be paying $6.50 for my Magners - and my drinks ended up the most expensive on our bill, so the prices are definitely reasonable.$1.50 tacos, Hell Yeahhhh!!! Unfortunately tonight the soft shell chicken tacos I ordered were bland. Bland as in the a recipe to
make chicken noodle soup. One bite is all it took to ruin my appetite. Thanks, kitchen staff!!! Drinks specials are cool which is a norm.A cool place to watch a game and drink decent beer.  I came here recently to watch the NFL playoffs and to take advantage of their drink/food specials.
They had a $10 all you can eat special-sliders, tacos, chicken nuggets etc. I went with Yeungling, and sample some of their platter.  Granted its pub food and it isn't meant to be fantastic, but I really should not have eaten too much from their special. My stomach didn't forgive me for a little while afterwards.
Still, while keeping that in mind, it is still a pretty solid place to go watch a ballgame and have fun.It's clean.  It's dirt-cheap  Its well-located.  I guess I can't give it five stars, because it isn't the most special place in the world.  I've been to better bars in my life, etc....
But... if you want to get 75c Champagne-of-Beers and good cheap tacos (get the beef tacos, they skimp on the chicken tacos), it's a great place.  Plus, it is airy and open (though a bit dark at night) so it never gets claustrophobic, even when crowded.The first time I visited this place I thought it had a very nice ambiance and was a bar I would come back to.  Come back to it I did, only to be absolutely HORRIFIED.  All over the floor there are tiles with the image of a swastika.  It is absolutely appalling that a public bar is showcasing that image. I asked a waitress what she knew about it and mentioned they were there from before it was a bar.  This place should be shut down until they are removed from the floor and fined for failing to remove them immediately after noticing them.I've always had a good time here even with the college crowd, I'm in my early 30's. The food is good for the price I enjoy the $1 tacos. The drinks are a good price. The service has always been excellent. Overall it's a good place to go if you don't want to spend too much.Unfortunately, I have probably been here more than any other bar in the city. This bar and Cavs down the street are regular Thursday night spots for students.  I have been to drinkers on a saturday to find it dead in comparison to thursday nights which are college nights, 75 cent miller high life until midnight.  Other than this, the drinks are cheaply made and a little over priced.  Service is not the greatest either, bartenders are kind of rude.  They have a dj there that plays late 90's / early 2000's hits and recent stuff.  Pool and ping pong are available also, but are taken all night most of the night.  I usually have a good time when there, but probably would be at a different bar if I had the option.  If you are younger and looking for somewhere to go on a Thursday, this is not such a bad option, but definitely drink ahead of time.  FYI, there is no cover.  Personally, I would go to Cavs down the street even though it is smaller and more crowded.  
I will update after going during the day to eat.I'm glad that I was still a student at Penn when all these new bars/restaurants opened up.  Drinker's was in direct competition with Blockley, and I have to say that the management definitely picked a better location.  Food is ridiculously affordable - double cheeseburger was something like 6 bucks, and the spinach/pulled pork sandwich was pretty stellar for how much we paid for it.  That being said, the music was FUCK YOU loud.  Shouting to a person sitting literally two feet to your left is frustrating.  SHUT THE FUCK UP LADY GAGA I'M IN THE MIDDLE OF TELLING A FUNNY STORY AND YOU'RE RUINING IT.I'm actually surprised to be praising this place given my dislike of Drinker's Pub...but am glad I tried it out!
We went for the $1 tacos. Am a big fan of the crispy bean tacos, which are simple, tasty, and shockingly cheap - an American taco to be sure, but it makes no promises. 
While I did not partake, the chicken fried bacon definitely made several people happy as did the 75c miller high lifes. Of course, 75c beer would make anyone happy...Imagine yourself sitting at a bar sipping cosmos with your besties discussing men, fashion and everything in between. Everything is blissful until you realize that you're sitting at drinkers the cosmos are rail, the men Blah but the girl convo is still on the up and up! Team emotionally slutty strolled in and we had our game faces on for the SATC quizzo which we dominated (without cheating I might add)  the specials cant be beat if your into light beer that tastes "great , less filling" I did indulge in a PBR and decided to stop drinking immediately after I realized the quizzo was starting ... 
We placed 3rd and won a round of drinks we wanted to win 1st place for bragging rights however once we realized it was a Rabbit and 50.00 we decided we would never come back here so we were ok w. the loss... 
I had a blast with my awesome team and Callan should be the SATC quizzo master that lady knows everything!Can't beat the weekday specials.  I have been here several times and I am still amazed at the different specials on different days.  The best time was a Thursday night.  $5 pitchers, DJ, and dancing was fun.  A great place to hang out with the college crowd.I went to Drinker's West for the 2nd time last night, and there is no way there will be a 3rd.  Worst service ever.  My husband ordered food and drinks for us at 7:45.  At 8:15 he asked the server where the food was and she said she would go and check but that cook wandered off when they weren't very busy so he might just not be there.  Then she returned and said that someone else ate it.  What?  What?  So an hour later I got my quesadilla and taco.  Now, this is clearly the kind of food a bar provides because it takes less than 1 minute to make anything, so I am really confused about how it could take so long and why was she just standing up against a wall all night instead of checking on her customers orders?  There was an automatic gratuity added which also annoyed me because she was just the worst server I have had in a decade.  
Oh, and I made better quesadillas on my radiator in college.
BAH!  What is with the "DJ?"  The music and weird disco lights.... what the hell.I definitely need to come here more often on Wednesday nights-
$1 PBRs and $1 Tacos-I am a happy camper.  Beer came pretty quick while the food was a little on the slow side.  It was a pretty good venue to watch sports until 10pm as the place turned into a dance party.
Still, I definitely plan to hit this place up in the near future....The only thing good about this place was the bouncer! He was the best part of the night, absolutely hilarious. 
To sum up a lengthy review: As a bartender, there's a difference between slinging drinks to an undiscerning crowd and making a drink for 1 of the 10 other patrons at the bar. Unfortunately at this place, regardless of whether the bartenders are serving 100 or 1, the service and attention is exactly the same. 
I hate this place, but I have a previous bias for that and was the reason I never wrote a review. Although I went to USciences,  a college that absolutely loves it. I refused to go. 
But my friends loved going there, so when it was my friend's birthday and I came back to Philly to celebrate, a mutual friend insisted we go, and with an open mind I went. This bar is mainly patronized by large crowds of Usciences students and it was finals week so it was pretty dead. But after this experience, I feel totally justified in my resentment of this place. 
The female bartender (short shubby blonde) seemed totally annoyed didn't smile once when she took our orders. The Kamikaze shots we got were good, so I felt comfortable having my friend (just turned 21) order a Jolly Rancher (drink not the shot). She made it wrong and it was disgusting. I then asked her to make a red death instead (I suppose here is a good time to mention I am also a bartender), she told me she can't she doesn't have sloe gin (here I'm thinking, maybe there's a chance this is going to be good). I tell her to sub grenadine, and again it's wrong but I'm not in the mood to be the type of customer I usually am, and although it's wrong, it actually tasted good so I keep it. As a bartender, I personally don't like looking like a dipshit so if I don't know how to make a drink, I ask or whip out my phone. It's not that big a deal! It's better than sending out a wrong drink to me, but not everyone behind the bar is about customer service I guess. 
This was supposed to be the drink replacing the terrible jolly rancher she made, instead of charging the difference like any good bartender would, or any establishment that values their customers would, she charged me full price for it. 
I order a captain & coke. I see her pull a bottle from the well, attempt to cover the label with her hand and keep the label so I can't see, but I see that it's sailor jerry. I understand that the typical crowd there is usually blackout college kids who couldn't tell bacardi from captain from myers dark rum, but wtf! The bar was empty, we were clearly sober...why didn't she just tell me they don't carry captain? Sailor jerry tastes nothing like captain! She didn't even garnish it with a lime. 
I really regret that I wasn't in a fighting mood that night cause as I write this, it's completely unacceptable to me. I just wasn't going to ruin a night being THAT customer, although I usually have no qualms about making sure I get what I pay for. 
Maybe the food makes it a little more of a good deal? And I get that the people who love this place are broke college kids so food specials and drink specials make it a hit. I've never eaten there but God do I hate drinker's west. Never, ever again.Thursday nights is like, 75 cent miller high lifes and like, dollar drinks or something RIDICULOUS like that. Yeah, its gets packed but you can buy a bucket of beers for like 5 bucks or something haha. Ive been here a couple times for cheap drinks and thats really all its good for. Good times, cheap drinks, what else is there to life for college kids right? Pretty diverse crowd, and thats always a good thing.. And their DJ's pretty good.I've been hearing about this place for awhile. So one day after a late class I thought I go with some friends. Drinkers did not disappoint. There drink specials were freaking awesome .75 miller high life, $6 yuenling pitchers, $3 soco shots, $3 Captian Morgan. I had such a good time I got to laugh at drunken Penn kids. Was impressed with the amount of hot ladies. And the Dj was pretty good. I plan to tell my friends and come back again.This cavernous space can be so wonderful on a lazy summer weeknight when the majority of my fellow Penn homies are home for vacation. The drink specials are pretty sick and the bartenders are generally great to make friends with. Fast forward to the school year and it's incredibly loud and super crowded and they take the chairs away from the bar.... but it's still so cheap that you can't help but come back for more.Good for Sex and the City Quizzo, otherwise just ok.  This was my first time here since I was in college and the space was a seafood joint with all you can eat Monday crab nights.  It's a big bar, but they have very little seating, which I understand for the weekend, but during the week, people would like to sit especially during quizzo.  We got there a half hour before it started and the place was already filled with women, but we did manage to grab 5 seats at the downstairs bar.  
Quizzo was fun, although the questions were definitely on the easy side if you watched the show more than once.  Frat party beers are plentiful, and the food is super cheap.  I think if I was a student looking to eat out I would be here pretty regularly.  It's $4 for a burger, plus the $1 taco and 45 cent wing specials.  
I was surprised that there really weren't any guys lurking around despite the female to male ratio.  Perhaps they knew things would get heated, which they did when a few of the answers were incorrect.  It was pretty funny to hear every girl in the place arguing with the quizmaster.  
Had lots of fun with Team Emotionally Slutty!Just opened on the corner of 39th and Chestnut this new Drinkers location I'm sure will be very busy in a few weeks. 
I stopped in because its right on my block and I was happy with what I found.
It's a nice big place with a good cheap menu. 
I came on a tues when they have $1 tacos all night. 
I got bean tacos and they were very good.Go on a weekend when it's busy... and you'll get exactly what you'd expect:
You'll get cheap beer spilled on you, you'll squeeze through a bar packed with college kids and their slightly older counterparts bumping into you, and you'll feel/hear a bunch of pop songs that you hear at every other place, at a volume that is obnoxious.
Personally, not my cup of tea, but if that's what you're looking for (and I know a lot of people are), then you'll enjoy it. Have fun.Awesome decor and pretty good food, but hit-or-miss beer.  Overall, it's a nice addition to the neighborhood.I actually like this place.
Sure, it's kind of bro-y, but if you go with people you enjoy spending time with, you're set.
Also, ridic. specials. $1 Lionshead? $1 tacos? YES.
Plus, a dj comes in around 9:30 (at least tonight) and played The Arcade Fire, Metric, and Cold War Kids while we were there.
Win.I like Drinkers West, but primarily for its convenience.  It's just a typical sports bar, nice looking ambiance and standard staff. Never really seen it busy, but it's new so we'll see what happens.
Have had the wings here, which are cheap and good.  The buffalo sauce is non-standard, but still good.  The burgers are on the greasy side, but what do you expect?  Fair beer selection. Not what you'll find at Eulogy in Center City but fair for a decent-sized bar.
All in all, I like DW because it's not too crowded, the food is decent, it's convenient, and I haven't yet had a bad experience with staff.  It's a good place, but not amazing.Great place to hang out with friends, do yourself a favor and get the Shock Top chocolate west beer, it's on tap. It will not let you down.this place is so strange to me.. the venue is huge... which makes it an awesome place to throw a giant party... Also I always seem to go here and get something free.. or REALLY discounted.. hmmm anyway when certain songs come on they give out like free mini shots.. AKA one of the girls stands on the bar and will pour liquor into your mouth.... the food selection seems okay.. though I've never tried anything and the prices are definitely more in line with the prices of other U city bars as opposed to it's CC and OC counterparts... I will be here again drinkers.. on one of those random nights I end up in west to lazy to drive to CC and needing a def break from JoesThe music was great. Food was great. Drinks were horribly weak and the bartenders were miserable.This place is extremely underrated as far as I'm concerned. 
For starters it's HUGE. Even on busy days during summer happy hour when the outdoor tables are packed, you can always get up to the bar and order a drink. There's a bar upstairs but i've only ever seen it used by big groups of people who wanted to do their own thing. 
Secondly the specials here are incredible. 35 cent wings? 75 cent Miller High Lifes? $1.50 Lionshead drafts? $2 Long Island Iced Teas? Need I go on? Every night there's a special you'll probably like whether you like liquor or beer. Plus the "Always Specials" are solid in their own right if you don't like the special that night. 
The food is good, not great, but hey, its a bar AND it's cheap. The crowd ranges from regulars to sports fans to grad students to a few popped collar d-bags but its big enough to spread out. 
I've brought friends here from NYC who marveled at a 2 story bar where you could walk around without bumping elbows, hear each other, play some pool/darts, have a decent dinner and a TON of alcohol and at the end of the night tab out for $15 a person.This place seems fun. I went on a Sunday though so it was dead. But it is a nice space - 2 floors. Seems like it would be great for weekends and big party nights/holidays. I probably wont be back much because I am much closer to the other drinkers but if you live around there I highly recommend it. The bartenders are really nice too!This is my spot!  $4 Jager shots, $4 Soco and Lime, $4 Jack and Coke $4 Absolut, $1.50 tacos!  I come here often because it always hits the spot when I want a buzz and munchie food and its also a good place to watch games.
Their tacos are cheap and pretty tasty, the corn dogs are also yummy and cheap.  I would stay away from the Buffalo Fries (I think they're called).  They're nothing special.  Just french fries with hot sauce and a little cheese.  Just not worth it.  There's usually a DJ after 10pm and there are pool and  Foosball tables.  It can get pretty rowdy and crowded on Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays.  I guess its because of the college crowd, but...  who cares?
The servers are always nice, but sometimes they'e short staffed, so BE PATIENT!  I know that's a lot to ask in the world of  "RIGHT NOW", but seriously.  Chill out, don't be a jerk and someone will be right with you.I've stopped going to Drinker's because it WOMPS now!!  The prices on all of their drink specials have gone up AND... AND...  THEY GOT RID OF HONEY JACK!!  Who does that?  I would really like to know what went on in that meeting and whose bright idea it was to get rid of it.  It was replaced with some other whiskey that's so incomparable, I can't even remember the name.
I used to go to Drinkers for the drink specials and to watch games.  There are so many other places I could go to watch a game, get drink specials and eat better food (Landmark), so  I most likely won't be going back to Drinker's...  and that's saying a lot because I used to go there a few times a week.I came here for the first time during the Lakers vs. Celtics playoffs this year, and I'd have to say, I really like this place! It's really spacious, and has an upstairs, like 3 bars, and a huge projector so people aren't squished trying to get a peek of the game on small TV's.
The drink specials on Thursdays are wild! .75 cent beers! You order them by the buckets, it's nuts! The food there is pretty okay, good for when you're hungry, drunk, etc. $1 hotdogs, tacos, etc. All not bad either. The wings are pretty good too!
The atmosphere is really nice, and a lot of fun too. For the game, the room was literally divided into Lakers fans and Celtics fans, the DJ wasn't playing the music that loud, or I didn't really notice, I was too focused on the game, but it was definitely a good time and a very chill place to hang out with your friends and to kick back and have a beer or 2, or 8.
A few complaints, it gets sooooo crowded at some point, and it's hard to order anything at the bar, but that's pretty much standard for any bar. Another is the huge flight of stairs, I've been pretty drunk there once, and I really thought the people downstairs were going to get a show.. NOT SAFE. But I like how it's spacious and has 2 floors, so I guess I can't complain right? Anyway, I'd come back definitely, usually if I don't have anything to do on campus.A bar named "Drinkers West" + University City + Tuesday night for quizzo (especially Its Always Sunny quizzo) would usually conger up immediate images of douchebags and spoiled kids spending their parents money. 
Was actually surprised it wasn't as bad as I was fearing. When we showed up, it was empty. As the quizzo hour of 8 approached, it started filling up. There were groups of dudes that all dressed exactly alike. No surprise. There were groups of gals all trying to flirt their way through a question. No surprise. Overall, not too bad, and it was entertaining. 
The food is typical bar food. Hot dogs seem to be a main staple, which when added with chili and cheese, not too bad. Fries were good. There were some "dead soldiers" in the fry baskets (tiny fries that had slipped through the deep fry basket a few times aka extra brown and crispy enough to stab someone in the eye with). Harmless. 
Seems to be deals all the time. I'd definitely come back for dollar dogs during Phils games.This place used to be good, but it appears the people that run this place have a hard time with their customer service skills. Very rude, and treat people merely as a number.
I used to spend a hundred every time I come in here, but it appears that the people who run the bar have A.D.D. Avoid.I don't even need to write about why this place gets a good review - go to their website, look at the specials, then just go.
Now that it's football season, the $10 all-you-can-eat tailgate menu means you'll find my fat self parked here every Sunday. The TVs are good, 80" (?) projector screen, pretty spacious. Maybe a little manly, but it is a college bar, mostly.
Definitely gets my vote for best campus bar in West Philly.DON'T use your credit card at the bar on weekends. The bartenders always add an extra tip to your bill that will show up on your card statement later. A very rude practice for sub-par service.Two floors of seating, plenty of room, plenty of TVs, a laptop DJ, various cowboy statues painted to look like members of KISS and ...... a bus load of rowdy 25 year olds (guys and gals) partying and going ga-ga over the Drink Wheel, makes for quiet a bar scene. Drinks are average price but the atmosphere is perfect for the Twenty Something Crowd. I saw many normal people and 1 "bro" getting showering in PBRs after luckily hitting the Beer Shower spot on the Drink Wheel twice in a row. Also saw a drunk girl take a body shot.
What I'm getting at is that it is not mom and dad's bar to go to, unless mom and dad are 24, in which case they probably should be home tending to their baby.
Good time, good dancing and good fun.
Check it when you need a study break or a Center City Break.I love this location -- it's nice and spacey. And there's 80 million bathrooms. Perhaps I exaggerate.
You can never go wrong at Drinker's. The drink specials are always amazing, and the food is cheap and top notch. I always get the chicken tacos and fries, and once in a while I'll get some BBQ wings. Everything is always delicious. M especially loves their taco fries and eats the whole plate himself. It is truly epic to watch.
We came here to eat before the Elton John concert, and I believe the bill for three of us was about $25, drinks and all. Love it!