If you aren't into the "stuffy" bars with $10 drinks, this place is perfect for you. You CANNOT beat the prices here; they always have great drink specials but the normal prices are great too. And I mean it when I say they have THE BEST TACOS EVER. Seriously, try them (plus - they are as cheap as they are at a fast food restaurant). Great bartenders, generally a good crowd. Happy hour is not packed, but weekends can get busy. I have gone here with friends, family, co-workers... everyone loves it!I went here on a Tuesday, so needless to say it wasn't bumpin' or anything like that. The bartenders were super nice guys and the drink specials were pretty awesome. It was like $3 for a Hoegaarden. The music was alternative rock that you could sing along to. My date and I ordered nachos and they were delicious. We ended up staying for a solid 2 or 3 hours with no complaints. I don't know what this place is like on a busy, crowded night, but I enjoyed myself on the quieter evening that it was.The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Douche.
When it's not busy, Drinkers is a simple, no frills, quiet bar that's a decent place to sit down for a beer with friends.  The staff is nice, the drinks are always on special and cheap, and it's a good place to be when you're drinking on a budget.
As soon as happy hour hits, the place undergoes a frightening metamorphosis.  Like a Noah's ark of every kind of person you've ever hated.  Lined up two by two, there's bros, frat boys, young go-getter salesmen, sorostitutes, and several other animals with a penchant for douchebaggory.  And they have to drink here, because it is of course, the end of the world.
This place is nice.  Don't ever go during happy hour.  You don't need to anyway.The Chicago Dog is the most sensibly constructed one I have ever had. The Buffalo Dog is a revelation.Great dive bar. Good prices. Seemed laid back when I was there. Good for a group or solo drinking.We like to stop here whenever we are out in Olde City, at least, whenever we are there and this place is open, which is sadly not always the case.  The drink specials are pretty rockin'- $9 craft pitchers, $3 craft pints?  $3 3 Olives drinks?  Cool.  The bartenders have reliably crafted awesome flavored vodka drinks for me when I ask them to make whatever they think is good.  But our favorite thing? The $1 tacos, all the time.  Their homemade hot sauce is tangy, cinnamon-y, and delicious, and service is prompt and friendly, even when the place is packed with guys drink off the Miller 40s that are also some sort of special there.  We've never been disappointed here!This is one of the more down to earth Olde City bars, which for me is what I want in a bar, it's not over the top or foofy, it's a chill spot to have a few beers, and I believe they have dollar taco's every night. 
They also have a Taco eating challenge, I've heard it's 33 taco's in 13 minutes, which I will be attempting at some point in the near future! Or-a-le!My out of town buddy and I were looking for a bar in Olde City where we could catch a drink and not be drowned out by noise (a la Natl Mechs or Lucy's Hat Shop).  I hadn't been here before and I found it to be a great choice, as the beer price was reasonable, the place wasn't too packed for a Saturday night, and we were able to catch up for a bit.i love this bar! yes, if you go late at night on friday/saturday it tends to get a little douchey, but that's pretty much anywhere in old city. best cheap tacos around, and $3 3 olives drinks all the time means i can get full and drunk for less than 20 bucks. plus the bartenders are super nice and friendly.Disgusting, I don't care how cheap this place is, it's not worth it.  
Frat and post frat trash throughout.  Bartender was cool though, only positive thing I can derive from a few visits.
I've walked on peep show booth floors that weren't half as sticky as the floors in hereIf I remember correctly they had cheap Foster's (big oil can size) right near Rittenhouse Square.  Awesome.I have to say, if you're looking for a relaxed, non-pretentious bar with good prices and good bar food, then you really can't ask for more than Drinker's provides.  
Ok ... so we were there early on a Thursday night, but who cares?  The bartender was friendly, he was quick with a cold beer, didn't hover and didn't ignore us either.  
We ordered the chicken soft tacos and cheese steak egg rolls for a little bar food and they were good.  Like ... really good.  You could really taste the lime in the chicken soft tacos and the house hot sauce was good.
There isn't much more that I ask from my dive bars ... and this is just dive enough to keep out the squealing girls and Jersey Shore wanna-bes.  Hallelujah.This place is probably totally awesome if you're a newly 21 year old college kid from out of town who isn't sure what a dive is and doesn't understand the purpose of a 40oz.
First of all, it's entirely too pricey to be a "dive" even if it is dirty and smelly.
Secondly, holy crap you idiots are seriously paying 8 bucks to drink a 40 IN THE BAR? 
As far as I'm concerned, 40s exist either for when you're outside or too broke to go out.
You know how many MGD 40s you can get for 8 bucks?????
No, you don't, because if you did you wouldn't be at some trendy pretend dive bar in olde city paying 8 dollars to drink piss out of an ironic container.
Needless to say, I think this bar is really stupid. I'm not big on Lucy's either, and the crowd at Loie sucks. The best thing they got goin is the Drinker's up near Rittenhouse and even that is towards the bottom of the list of places I'd go willingly.I would definitely go sometime during the week/Friday as it can get a little crowded on Saturday. A few friends and I went on Thursday and there were about 15-20 people in there (all were friendly and a little older, we are 23), but it was perfect because we didn't have to scream to talk and we had room to move around.  The drinks were good as well. My favorite part, though, was the bartenders! Chris and....the shorter blonde guy (sorry, can't remember your name!) were absolutely amazing! My friends and I were on a type of triple blind date and Chris saw that we were unhappy so he brought us a round of shots and basically saved us from a potentially terrible night!Had a blast here, some good beers and good late night food to help sober you up.
Down stairs you have a dance floor and upstairs there is a monitor so you can see all fresh dance moves your drunk friends are trying out. Makes for a fun time and some good laughs. 
Good crowd always makes the good times roll and the drinks go down fast.Was here last night because my friend and I wanted to find somewhere in Old City for First Friday and I liked the pictures ofmthe tacos here; I ended up not even getting tacos!
The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the red Phillies Phanatic next to the unbrella bucket. After we sat down at the table closet to the door, I noticed the sign that said "you play country, we skip country (rip this sign downproces the oppositeof you being fonzie) =)" what's wrong with country music!? Haha. Above that sign was another one that said, "If you are stupid enough to forget your credit card, you are dumb enough to not get it back" and then you realize, the area on the wall the sign was sitting on was covered in credit cards!
Now to the food!; I don't drink so I can't review the bar or the alcohol selection.
My friend & I ordered: buffalo fries, half order of buffalo wings, 2 taco of the month (BLT tacos) & chips and dips with warm and spicy cheese salsa & spicy ground beef and cheese as the dips.
I didn't try thr wings or tacos but my friend said the tacos were really good. I enoughed the fries but felt like they got cold really quickly. The chips were really good; they weren't really greasy like most chips and the 2 dips were amazing!
This place wasn't overly crowded like I thought a bar in Old City on a Friday would be; maybe it was because of the rain.
Might come back just to get those chips and dips!If you're out in Olde City you should know what to expect when you head to the bars on a weekend or Friday night. There's d-bags and recent college grads at a cheap bar with alot of specials? That's so weird. Take your needy hipster feelings to Northern Liberties for happy hour if it's a big issue, because Olde City is close enough to Center City that you should expect business people to stop after work. 
If you have an event or something in Olde City; its a good place to start and have a few before you head to a more expensive bar. The downstairs is about as close as you can get to a frat party at any bar outside of the shore points, but if that's the night you're after it can be fun. The bathrooms are an issue (not enough, they stink) here but it's not outside of the norm of any bar you go to in the city.
I don't know many other places in town where you can get a 40 at a bar. Just saying.Oh look, it's Douche-o'clock.
Taps are uninspired but fit the clientele. It's a bar in Old City, that's it. Packed like a sardine can. 
Bartenders are impossible to flag down. One was visibly high. 
Came here for Quizzo with Johnny Goodtimes, which was the only redeemer. He's great and takes his games pretty damn seriously. The atmosphere for the Harry Potter theme night was excellent right up until the 10:30 p.m. mark. That's when a large, obnoxious group of bros and bro-ettes showed up and preceded to shotgun a dozen PBRs in a circle, spraying beer all over the other patrons and "woo-ing" at each other. Possibly forgivable if you're a college fratboy, but this group passed that age maybe 15 years ago. Alas, the bartenders thought this was fantastic -- the high one egged them on the whole time.
If I came back, I'd come for Quizzo, eat some $1.25 tacos, drink some cheap shitty beer and bolt right after. That's it.I came here once to meet up with some friends once and just like Bill M. Says its like a college party. Every one there was wearing nice sweaters and fancy shoes and drinking PBR as if they were trying to make their best attempt to be hipsters.This place is great for a night out with the boys. You go there to get shitfaced, play pool, dance with girls and just hang out. You can do pbr rip cords for a $1 or drink 40oz of miller high life or whatever poison you prefer. Just bring your college swagger and  your golden.If this is you, you would like Drinker's Tavern:
"Man, College was my PRIME!  Life revolved around my frat and I reigned f*ing supreme!  I would go to the local bar every night that there wasn't a party at the house (basically Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Sunday).  Now I work at an office job that my college degree got me.  Man, I miss those times.  Give me a bar that brings me back to the good times I had in college."I absolutely hate most places in this area, but I can somewhat tolerate Drinker's Tavern.  I've been here a couple of times when I was in the area, and usually my friends and I head right for the basement.  I try to avoid the upstairs, which is full of guys seeing how many PBR's they can shotgun.
I've actually had some good times downstairs.  It's pretty dark, they have a bar down there and it's usually full of people attempting to dance.  Do not go to this place sober.  I'm pretty sure I'd be running for the door if I ended up here without previous drinking.  This place definitely reminds me of many parties at Univ. Delaware.i am too old to be there. but i'll stop in to visit shawn and palmer if i'm walking by. theyre a whole lotta awesome. even tho the other reviews are right. it is a young and immature crowd.  i still always find fun when i go. i also was able to throw a fund raiser here for the lukemia lymphoma society a few years back. so my loyalty may be an issue.Went in on a dead Tuesday evening with some coworkers after work. When we got there (~6pm), three of the four beers on daily special were gone.  It was the day after labor day so I guess they hadn't gotten their deliveries in.   Of course, they didn't have anything filling their specials missing daily specials, so unless we wanted High Life, we were paying full price at happy hour.  The bartender's attitude was a little on the rude side when telling us that most of the beer specials were gone and nothing was taking their places for the night.
We ordered some $1 tacos and cheese fries.  The tacos were pretty good and may keep me coming back.
For how dead the place was, I was surprised at how long it took for the couple tacos and fries to come out.  
I'm giving it two stars for the dollar tacos.  The slow service, and disappointing weekday happy hour specials left something to be desired.
Sounds like this is a place for drunken times late at night instead...This is kind of the only place in old city where I can just order a cheap drink and some cheap (and delicious) tacos/wings/hot dogs and have a good time. I usually go on weekdays, but I must have gone on a quiet Friday because it wasn't packed with douche bags at all. And we were there from 10pm-closing. The bartenders were cool. I came with a really big group so we had tons of fun, and plenty of space to breathe. It's hard to find a fun little dive bar that isn't completely and overly pretentious in philly.One of my favorite bars to come to for drinks with friends. I like to get here early, around 7 because it's not too crowded, and on Friday/Saturday night there are great specials on drinks with Tito's Vodka. It does get crowded later in the night, sometimes with a DJ, but earlier in the night it's quiet enough to have some drinks and chat before going to dance. The bartenders are really nice and friendly, and very attentive. I really highly recommend it!One of my favorite spots in the city! Great specials during the week and the best happy hour. Friendly staff and great food, as well.So everyone that has commented about Drinker's seems to compare it to a big college party, and they're all dead on. The place is extremely immature. The dingy basement truly feels like one of the parties I went to as a freshman, and the crowd -- well, I guess they wouldn't be there if they weren't into that sort of thing.
But I think the music is usually pretty good: like, uh, your generic hip-hop party mix kinda stuff. But good. Every time I've gone there I've seen people grinding, um, pretty hard. And there's always that naughty, naughty girl dancing by herself in search of attention (what must here childhood have been like?)
Cool place, though. Seriously. I mean, I like frat parties. The dark basement. The bathroom with urine all over the floor. Heck, what's YOUR idea of a good party?We lasted about 25 minutes and we were looking for a dive bar. Yeah, that disappointing... 
The ups: 
1.) Cheap Beer 
2.) If someone gets a quarter in the cup above the bar, the whole bar gets a shot. Someone got a quarter in while we were there! 
The downs: 
1.) The place smelled like vomit, literally. Apparently someone had taken care of the earlier issue but the smell was still pretty putrid. So much so that it was making a few people uncomfortable so we left. 
2.) They never actually gave everyone the shots that were won. (We waited the additional 15 minutes after the event occurred and still nothing, nor an indication that anything would eventually happen.) 
3.) The "dance floor" in the basement is more like a frat house basement - and the people who were there while we were - well they would probably fit in at the frat house basement too. 
That about sums up my experience there. As you can see in my other reviews, I actually really love the Drinker's on the west side. Unfortunately, the east side location had a rough night on this occasion so I just doubt I will ever return.I will always love Drinkers on Market St. I usually only come here for the pregame of mine and my friends night, but the pregame is always the best part of the night. We get there fairly early and migrate to the downstairs area. If were lucky it's not too packed and were able to dance and drink some huggie bombs. I think they are $6 a pop and worth it! They always have 90's music playing and its all around a good vibe. Bartenders are always friendly and efficient too! I prefer this location over the others because I feel Market St. gets less packed then the others. 
Also, they have dollar tacos. DOLLAR TACOS. Their isn't many things better then that and their pretty tasty for bar food. I recommend this bar to anyone looking to dance with their friends or to celebrate a birthday!$1/tacos and cheap beers.  great spot to hang out with friends, though it gets pretty fratty on the weekends.If I wanted a basement party I would have gone back to college.   Maybe it's me. Maybe I've been out of college for a couple of years too long and no longer see the joy in "shotgunning" or "rip-cording" a can of PBR.  Maybe, I don't want to go to a bar where you have the option of buying a Miller High Life 40oz. bottle.  Maybe, just maybe I want to be able to stand in one place without being bumped or spilled on.  Or perhaps I am perfectly happy overpaying for beer at Old City's surrounding swanky lounges.  Well maybe you're not.
Compared to its surrounding watering holes, Drinker's in Old City sticks out like a tourist at Pat's. (I can hear Drinker's in line now practicing how to order a Whiz Wit.)  With the ritzy Continental a few doors down and other high-end lounges in the district, Drinkers is one place where you can feel free to wear a hooded sweatshirt and sneakers.  Cheap beer, cheap shots make this place attractive.  Crowdedness and obnoxious people make it ugly.  Should you go? I guess it all depends how thick your beer goggles are.A nice alternative to the overpriced places in Olde City.  You can't go wrong with $3 Three Olives drinks from 5-Midnight and $1 tacos!  We like this place for after work, it's usually not very crowded.  If Jimmy is behind the bar, your'e in good hands!I originally rated two stars based on my first visit, but I've been back a number of times since and it's been much better.  I must've just hit it on a off night with inventory hits and a grumpy barkeep.  (If you're lucky, you'll have Tommy behind the bar and/or Bea workin the tables...)
I ended my first review with "Sounds like this is a place for drunken times late at night instead..."  That rings true.  And there's nothing wrong with that..!  Hard to beat the beer specials (might not be the best beer, but it works.)  Drinkers is not your dainty little upscale social bar.  It's not a place to have a quiet convo (maybe earlier in the night or w mid-week evening you can get away with that.).You go to Drinkers to party with a crowd.
TIP: After 11:00 on the weekend, it gets PACKED.  Get there earlier, grab some dollar tacos, claim a spot at the bar, table or bench, and just sit back and have a good time.
TIP #2: $15 min on CCs.  If you plan on ponies all night, bring cash, or buy a round or two for some new friends.Yikes! I love a dive bar and this place is such a disappointment. Fruit DOA and the bartender poured half a shot for my regular cocktail (vodka and soda). No pool table as advertised and unfriendly staff on an empty Friday night happy hour.$8.50 for a long island iced tea? I don't think so.This is a great place.  Has a dive feel but great place to get a craft beer and hang out.  I wish I lived close to take advantage of their happy hour 1/2 off drafts.40's, PBR shotguns, beer soaked floor and a basement which will bring you back to a college fraternity party days so this place isn't for everyone. If you are prepared for a fun night, be warned this place gets PACKED, and have good aim throwing quarters into a bucket for free rounds on the house, this is your place. Definitely contrasts with most of the Olde City, and Rittenhouse, standards, but variety is a good thing in this case.came here for HH on a saturday night, yup that's right, drinker's has awesome drink specials on a saturday night.. until 11pm i believe. i stuck with $4 vodka clubs all night (faber's vodka) and the emo music played here is great. it wasn't too crowded which was great for me.
my only complaint would be the bathroom is kind of gross but hey, wouldn't be a dive barthe good: tacos, cheap drinks, hot dogs, ping pong on weeknights downstairs, wall of credit cards from drunken forgotten tabs of yore, cctv for the voyeur who wants to see the basement at all times.
the bad:  not open on sunday and monday, they got rid of taco of the month.bleh.
overpriced, overcrowded and just a big fat no all the way around.
they deserve the single star for the one night that friend N was there and starting smashing glasses on the floor. while i am not one to condone this sort of behaviour, the sheer ridiculousness of the spectacle was...well...ridiculous.I visit Philly often and have enjoyed many great nights in the basement here having a sweaty dance party.  However I had a very unpleasant experience there this weekend.  It was a relatively uncrowded Saturday night, around 11 pm.  There isn't a DJ there in the summer,  so friends and I were the only people in the basement playing ping pong.  I went to the bathroom by myself; there was no one else inside.  While I was in the stall, there was a loud banging at the door and someone yelled "Security!" With no pause to allow me to respond, one of the male employees was in the bathroom and proceeded to hit my stall door so hard that it flew open despite being locked.  It happened very quickly and he exited as fast as he came in.  I was more than a little upset that this happened, but especially that an employee did it; I decided I definitely did not want to be there anymore.  i grabbed my friend and we walked out. We happened to pass the guy who had busted in on me and my friend decided to talk to him while I waited down the block.  He was very apologetic, but apparently it is their policy to check the bathrooms because of the kinds of things that people do in there  (we can all guess).  While that's understandable, it is an extremely poor policy to have male security guards 1: enter the women's bathroom without allowing enough time for someone to respond to a "knock" (it was a  bang on the door) 2: to not check under the stalls to see if someone is there instead of simply banging on the doors with enough force to have them open when they are lock.  This is especially ridiculous since it was a calm night with few people around, hardly a rowdy dance party. Ladies, you can imagine that this was a pretty violating/upsetting experience.  I really suggest that the bar rethink its security protocol so the same thing doesn't happen again.  Otherwise, I suggest guarding each other's doors while you use the bathroom!Beware Bartender thief!!
He short changed me.
I'm only sorry I didn't demand my tip back !!!First of all, I did NOT realize there was a video feed of the basement when I went on Friday night, so the whole upstairs probably saw me making a fool of myself (the basement was pretty empty when I was down there). I love that there is a separate basement for dancing and it has a bar down there as well, so no need to resurface upstairs for drinks. The credit card wall was truly impressive, once I figured out what it was.
Prices were rock-bottom for Old City and in true dive bar fashion, the quesadillas were the perfect drunken snack. I was surprised at how empty it was that night, but I'm sure that was just a fluke. Good place to go for a Friday night pub crawl.First off, don't go before 5p on a Saturday if you are hungry because apparently the kitchen isn't open until then.....not fun to find out when you are starving haha! But they did have good drink prices, and the bar itself was really cool! But don't leave your credit card cause the walls are lined with ones that people have left, which is definitely entertaining for patrons. The bartenders were really nice as well......but no food just killed it for me.A cheap dive bar, it can get packed with douchebags, but not always.  I have had varrying experiences at Drinkers, nothing terrible, but there are other bars in the neighborhood that I prefer.  The basement reminds me of shallow college basements where my head would stick up in between the floor supports.  It could be good for dancing down there if the ceiling wasn't so short.  I always liked that there is a video feed upstairs where you can watch what is going on in the basement.  
Cheap drinks, cheap bar food.Judge Drinkers if you like, but come on...it's called DRINKERS. What, did you think that name was supposed to be ironic? No. if you want to drink cheaply in Olde City, this is one of your best options. Three dollar drafts, $1 tacos, $3 cans of PBR, and $8 forty ounces of High Life. Yes, the downstairs resembles one of those basement parties where you had to modify your beer pong shot because the ceiling was too low. Overall, the people here are unpretentious and down to earth, the bartenders are laid back and work quickly, and girls drink BEER here...which generally means they are approachable. Step down from your high horse and throw back a $3 shot.This place is cool if you like to feel like you are walking around a smelly shoebox. The name is not just a clever name. This is the bar you go to get hammered. Also, if you feel like dancing, there is a dungeion in the basement where you can get your hip hop on and your 40oz malt on. 
Prepare yourself. This place is mad grimey.This place is so fun
40s to drink what else do you need to know?
Cheap tacos and they are amazingVery fun place with unique and excellent food and drink specials. Seems to be a frequent stop for pub crawls and bachleor parties. Maggie the waitress is the best.Very small bar in Old City. It's a typical college bar. Only thing we like about this place is the $6 Huggie Bombs and $8 40s. The DJ plays top 40 pop & hip hop music. There's really nothing special about this place. I miss Lucy's down the street.
The staff is very nice. There are a bunch of tables so there's room to mingle and sit. They use to have a downstairs with a DJ and ping pong table but now it's closed.Very cool pub to spend the evening in. Can't comment on pricing since I didn't pay for it. I'll tell you this though, the bartender made the drinks for our group of 10-ish so quickly! 
I loved the feel of this place. Cool decorations on the walls, without being too  much like a TGI Fridays.
The place was packed by 6pm. Standing room only. Actually, I take that back. We had one chair that one of the girls cajoled some guy into giving to her because her feet hurt due to the heels she was wearing.
Perfect low-key bar for a night out with the girls.This place would be more aptly named the Drunkard's Tavern.  
When I walked in and saw the best beer on tap was bud light I turned around and walked out.
Prices are cheap and is a good place to mingle with the Frat guys if thats your thing.Drinker's Tavern reminds me of a college bar: folks are packed in like sardines, so don't be surprised if you're jostled about. The clientele seems to be younger here, also adding to the college feel. There are plenty of tables and the rear area has seating. (Last I checked, it had an arcade game of some sort.) Drinker's is a somewhat low-brow bar (for Old City), a character trait that adds to its appeal.
In true college style, Matt (our bartender; he's got groovy tattoos) introduced to me the concept of shotgunning - that is, rapidly consuming a can of beer by cutting a slit in it and pulling the tab. (I probably will never do that again, but at least I can say I've done it!)
I often pre-game here because the bartenders are totally friendly and serve you quickly. Their drink specials are reasonable and drinks there tend to be less expensive ($5-$6/shot) than other Old City spots. I don't recall ever being charged cover and the bouncer(s) haven't ever caused any grief for me or my group, so check them out yourself!If you are looking for a low key hole in the wall bar in Phili, this is it. Happy hour m-f 530-730 1/2 off drinks. Bartender Ty is really cool too!If you ever think- "Wow- I really miss the college days of dirty basement frat parties"- this is the place for you. 
Don't let the first floor sports bar deceive you- there truly is a frat party going on downstairs. The first floor has a long bar and plenty of high top tables to hang at. Beers are cheap and easy to come by- as there wasn't much of a crowd when I last went. The food looks decent- I have yet to try it.
My favorite part of drinkers has to be the TV which plays a delay of the downstairs- endless entertainment watching people dance and try to hook up. How can I get this live stream on my home TV?
When you enter the basement, be ready. Pop music is blasting, beer is spilling, and people are bumping and grinding. An interested atmosphere that draws a unique crowd. The last time I was here (A Saturday Night) ten girls were escorted out of the basement after having a bawl. 
Drinkers is an interesting place to say the least, and is a great spot to end the night with some dirty dancing and people watching.One reason to go to Drinker's is to visit Sean, the longtime bartender of Tuesday nights.  
The other reason is the shaker/quarter game.  On the top shelf (and it's waaaaay up 'dere) is a metal shaker normally used for mixing drinks.  If you can get a quarter in it (it's harder than it looks) everyone in the bar gets a shot of the bartender's choice. 
This is seriously fun and can get very wild if you can get a bunch of people to do it.  I was there one night when people were missing the cup for like half and hour, Sean was dodging flying quarters left and right, and when my boyfriend finally pinged one into the cup, everyone in the bar went apeshit crazy.   Good times. 
Also nice, the fallen quarters go into the bartender's tip jar, so you get to play a game, drink free shots, and hook up your awesome 'tender at the same time.  Rules!They made me drinks that were all mixer and then kicked me out when I didn't tip the bartender. Don't come here if you like liquor in your drinksDrinkers has the best happy hour in the city. You can get hammered and then eat your way sober for like $4 lol. The food is spectacular as well. Definitely try the tacos and hot dogs!In a place saturated with expensive bars, Drinkers Tavern is where you can go to have drinks at normal prices. Comfortable atmosphere, good food and fast service.Came here with my buddy for New Years, neither of us had been to Philly in a while... so we were pretty much looking for an open bar where we didnt have to deal with douchebags all night.  I think we found our match.  So, for $85 or so, we got plastered all night. There were some lines, but the bartenders were fast.  The place is nothing fancy, but sure does the trick.  Only down side was the single bathroom in the basement... which was completely trashed by 11 pm. So great.
Can't wait to come back here sometime....I've been to drinker on a few occasions and I've enjoyed myself every time.  I've been there for the night atmosphere and experienced the dance scene in the basement.  It is pretty small in the basement but it is a good time.  There is music down there and another bar so you don't have to go up and down for drinks.  The think I like most about drinkers is the $3 Three Olives on Friday nights.  It's right in the mix of Olde City and it's affordable.  They have typical bar food at great prices.This bar brings back memories...well of the Drinkers that used to be in University City. $1 tacos, cheap beer, almost falling down those devilish stairs that clearly had an ought against high heels and having a great time with drunk friends. I always laugh at how folks swear a $8 40 of beer is cheap when they literally cost $2-3 at your local Stop n Go . But hey, not many bars sell 40s anyway.. 
I stopped by here after a lackluster mixed drink at a tavern down the street.  This bar is dark, dim and definitely a dive. Dark but enough light to see drink menu prices written in chalk and a sign that says "Happy Fuckin Birthday"....No lie, its there folks.  Beer here is extremely cheap and they are also participants in the oh so famous Citywide Special. There's is a can of PBR and a shot of Heaven Hill whiskey.  $6.  Not bad, although I've had cheaper specials elsewhere.  Food menu seems to be decent. Ill stop by when I'm in the area.The owners of this bar sure do like Elvis and Johnny Cash. I'd hate to break it to them, but neither the King nor the Man In Black would ever set foot in this establishment.
walking into Drinkers instantly felt like I was walking into one of my friends college parties, only this time around I had to pay to drink. there was a basement filled to the brim with obnoxious people "dancing" to Q102 music. plastic cups were spilling overpriced beer onto the floor. and according to one of the chalkboards the bartender named Mad Dog was horny. needless to say I finished a beer and moved on.
Drinker's might just be the only regular bar in Philadelphia that doesn't serve Yuengling. But they do sell 40's of Miller for $7. Last I checked there are places that sell at least 2 for that price. Next!