Most of the fillings are a bit too heavy and dense for me - I'm a traditional dumpling lover. They weren't bad the few that I tried, but then again it's difficult to go wrong with cheeseburger and deep fried. I'm loving the fusion they're doing though, with their unconventional fillings and non-dumpling offerings.Been following these guys since they had their first interview in fox. But I finally had the pleasure of enjoying their sample platter at Rock allegiance. Mac and cheese spring rolls was to die for. Literally I felt my arteries clogging...but if I did die I'd die happy. The dumplings each were nicely wrapped and the dough to filling ratio was near perfect.  My only criticism is the inside of the vegi dumpling needed more seasoning. My fave was the cheese burger fried dumplings. LOVE YOU GUYS!!The mac n cheese roll is amazing! The truffle fries are my new favorite thing. I loved how friendly and outgoing the staff is. Such a fun, delicious experience!really unique concept awesome food really super friendly workers! you have to stop reading these reviews and just try itReally enjoyed the flavors we had today. They were in Perkasie and suggested the sampler which was awesome. My wife loved the Mac n cheese roll as well as the Philly cheesesteak roll. I really enjoyed the fried bacon cheeseburger wonton as well as the pork dumplings. We both loved the truffle fries.This truck is full of life! The pop graffiti art and the co-owner serving it up- all full of energy. Really makes you appreciate the flavors and explained them with passion. Delicious! Try the sauces!!!The best food.!  We always look forward to Pete's food. Best fries and dumplings. The service is by far the best very friendly and quick. Well worth the drive to wherever Dump N Roll is. If you haven't tried Pete's food you really don't know what your missing. Dump N Roll is awesome dim sum!!!!We went to Peddlers Village on Sunday and came across a taste of heaven! My boyfriend loved the Sampler and I enjoyed the vegetarian choices. My daughter loved the truffle fries we will be following this one!! 5 stars for real this is great eatin!!Very delicious. Loved all the dumplings in the sampler and the Thai ice tea was good too. I feel like it is a bit pricey with what you get and I definitely could eat more. The service was great and I got my food pretty fast.Great dumplings!  Very flavorful, and they come with really good sauces for dipping.  Definitely worth checking outGot me the FAMOUS Cheeseburger Wonton!! SHIT WAS BANGING, it was only 5pcs but I share with my Coworkers they actually went to go one for themselves :) AMAZING!!! Be back for more.I walked up because of the awesome design on the truck, so I thought I should check it out. 
Service: service was great the guy really knew what he was talking about, he was friendly and chill. 
Food: I got the fish dumpling because they were out of the crab mac and cheese and truffle fries. The dumplings were really good, which is saying something for me because I don't really like fish. The dipping sauce was really delicious and the dumplings were soft and crispy which was nice.
Price: I thought it was too expensive for the amount I got the dumplings were pretty small and I still felt hungry when I was finished, that is why I'm not giving five stars.
Over all pretty awesome.When my fiancé and I saw the sign that Dump-N-roll was going to be at our apartment complex again a huge smile came to our faces. Their fries are to die for, as is all of their dumplings! I recommend their for 2 sampler. If I could give any advice,  their for 2 sampler is not enough for two people! Get two of em cause because they are so good. Also great price for the variety and amount. !The sampler pack was great! got to try em all. loved the far west wonton. the fries were amazing. and omg the mac n cheese roll. overall all the flavors were just wonderful. thanks for the great dinner!I'm on my way to Dump-N-Roll for the second time. The guys that work the truck are awesome and the food is super tasty. It comes out fast and hot. My only criticism is it can be a little pricey for someone looking for a regular lunch meal (Most likely more than $10 and sometimes closer to $15) but it's worth it to get good dumplings from a cool company.We saw this food truck at the neshaminy mall food truck event. We walked passed and I smelled these amazing truffle fries. I had to try them and they didn't disappoint!! I also had the pulled pork egg roll, it was good but was a little burnt and dry  and the macaroni and cheese egg roll was amazing.  Try them out!Tried Dump and Roll yesterday at Neshaminy Creek Brewery's anniversary party. With the abundance of food trucks I decided to just do a little something from each. So I tried their basic chicken dumplings. And I must say they can match up with almost any good dumpling in the city. I am looking forward to trying more adventurous dumplings from them in the futureWow!! Heard the hype for over 2 years from friends, families and reviews. Finally got the opportunity catch them at wissahickon brewery today. Phil and Reggie gave me the best customer experience from a food truck ever!! The food was absolutely amazing!! I got the deluxe sampler and tasted everything. Mac and cheese eggroll was of the highest quality. The tempura bacon cheeseburger wonton was one of the best thing I've ever eaten... SERIOUSLY!!! The traditional dumplings are on point and the roasted garlic soy took it to the next level.. last but not least.. those Smoked truffle fries are to die for!!! Hot and crispy fries with parmesan, scallion and roasted garlic aioli... Out of this world!! 
Highly recommend them to everyone for an experience  worth chasing after! Can't wait for my next fix.
Keep up the good work guys!!Unique and delicious! Stumbled upon this food truck at Peddler's Village in Lahaska today, and we were not disappointed! The veggie dumplings are delicious,  and these truffle fries are amazing.  Mac and cheese eggroll!?!?!? I never would have thought of that! YUM!People who gave this food truck low rating don't understand the concept of "food oasis" nor will they ever understand. I lived in a little town in the middle of no where, smack dabbed in Wisconsin for 6 years. I know what it means to have no access to authentic Asian food. First, everybody and their grandma know that if you want the best AND the cheapest authentic dumplings, they have to go to Chinatown. Here's the thing: Temple U is NOT within waking distance to Chinatown, so is U-Penn. This AMAZING food truck BRINGS to us DUMPLING HEAVEN (the Bible labels this as Manna, OK, not really, but you get the point) to Dumpling DESERT. So why we be bitchin' foo'? I aint gonna walk from Temple U or U Penn to Chinatown to get the damn dumplings. So I will pay for the price because if you pay $ 11 for their combo plate, eat the whole thing and still think it's not enough, you got hole in your tummy, child. This combo plate is SOLID! Fully loaded with super amazing flavor (pork and chives, the OMG-so-soft-and-juicy fish) and cray tasting sauces PLUS PERFECTLY cooked Mac and Cheese fried spring rolls, excuse me, I just died. I had to burn all the calories by walking 5 miles at the Wissahickon Valley Park. So, what's the lesson here, children? BE Grateful for this food oasis truck's existence. Chinatown is not everything.Their truffle fries get me every time. They are so good I will order them even if I'm already full dude. I have no idea what the rest of their menu is like but I hope they make smoked truffle fries dumplings so I can drown in themThe food here is ridiculously amazing and no that's not hyperbole. This place is legit and you can tell they care about what they're making. The owner is also really friendly and a great guy. Will absolutely be backFound these guys at The Mann during the 112 degree heat wave.  Peter, the owner, was super friendly.  I had the veggie dumplings and mac & cheese egg roll.  Everything was delicious.  The sauce that comes with the dumplings is drinkable.  
Can't wait to find them again and try something new!I had veggie dumplings and pad Thai spring roll combo. It was really good. It was fresh and I loved the sauce. The service was pretty quick.I tried their sampler for 1 at the Philadelphia Sakura Blossom Festival last weekend. I was impressed with the quality and taste of the dumplings, egg roll, and fries. I enjoyed all of the variety of dumplings. The egg roll had mac and cheese inside. Their soy garlic sauce goes best with the dumplings. Overall the food was very good but overpriced in my opinion.Had the sampler, nothing was good. Mac and cheese was not gooey, barely any filling in most of the dumplings. For $22 for dumplings I think 85% should be above average, maybe just a freak incident b/c I see a ton of great reviews but all of mine were very underwhelming. Fries were broken, no cheeseburger in the cheeseburger dumpling, very little chicken in the chicken dumpling etc. I felt like I payed for dumpling wrappersLove it here. This is one of the better food trucks to visit 30th Street Station. The pork and chive dumplings are perfectly oily, but not too greasy. As a sucker for mac and cheese, the mac n cheese spring roll was an awesome addition. They make it really easy to mix and match whatever you want, and the serving size is generous. The customer service shouldn't go unnoticed - everyone is helpful and the order came up quickly. Great Philly food truck!My husband Jerry and I ran into this gem of a truck at the Phoenixville Food truck Festival. The truffle fries were crisp and generously sauced/seasoned. Pork dumplings were delicious and the mac and cheese roll was an awesome treat. Not overly greasy, fantastic flavor. The chef Phil was super nice! Can't wait to go back!New to the Philly area and hadn't heard about Dump N Roll, but they were one of the food trucks that came to our corporate business area to serve lunch. I chose them because 1) there were a lot of people ordering from them and 2) they don't have a brick and mortar I could easily just go to.
I ordered the sampler deluxe and only liked the truffle garlic fries and the cheeseburger wontons. I was even a little disappointed with the fries because of the sparse amount of garlic aioli on it. It was drizzled on the top so the bottom 3/4 didn't get any loving. I had it packed to go, but I should have checked before I left the area to ask for more aioli. My fault. 
I love mac and cheese and have had it in an eggroll before, but you have to start with a good mac & cheese which I didn't find to be the case for this version. Too salty, too much nutmeg (I think it's nutmeg I'm tasting) and not enough cheese sauce to keep the inside creamy. I'm looking at other peoples' pictures and some have gooey eggrolls - really wish mine had turned out that way too to redeem it a little bit!
The chicken dumplings were average. You can get the same ones or better in the frozen section of an Asian market. Just pan fry them and you'll get the same effect. The roasted garlic soy dipping sauce was very tasty though - can't get that in the market!
I didn't care for the perogies either. They were flat like a quesadilla and barely had any filling in them. And because they were only serving 4 dumpling types, this is the one they decided to double up on... and then I ordered a deluxe sampler... so I got 4 of these! LOL!
At the end, I ended up just eating half of it and really wanted to drink some hot tea to wash away all the oil.
If I were to order food from them again in the future, it would probably just be their truffle fries.Got to try their cheeseburger wonton and I gotta say, it was incredible! Great taste, with an even better dipping sauce. Definitely give it a try!So I stopped by this inconspicuously parked truck on the way to sushi dinner. And there was a line so I decided to get a non-sushi appetizer and I'm glad I did. I had the burger dumplings and the chicken dumplings. The food was absolutely incredible and in so glad that I tried. My finance and I devoured it and wanted more. Price is great and I hope these guys do greatGet the tempura bacon cheeseburger wontons. Absolutely amazing. Sauces take it to the next level.The people working this food truck are super funny and nice, the food is also absolutely delicious. My fiancée and I got the veggie dumplings and the fries and I have absolutely NO complaints it was the best veggie dumplings we've ever had!I ate at the food truck for lunch yesterday and really enjoyed the variety and unusual options offered by Dump N Roll! The man working the food truck was very helpful and personable. The only reason I'm not giving the full 5 stars is because I don't think they give enough food for the price. Myself and a coworker split the sampler for two and both had to go order more food from another place because we were still hungry. The sampler for two is probably enough food for one person, but at $18 that's a pricey lunch from a food truck. Overall I enjoyed the experience just wish I left full!Had their sampler platter at the food truck festival at Monmouth racetrack yesterday and everything was delicious!! Cant wait to see them again. Would totally use them for a party if I had one alsoMost importantly, the food was delicious. I had the veggie dumplings, pork & chive dumplings, and the macheesy roll. The truck was in the Navy Yard at the time. Service was friendly and prompt. My only criticism is the homemade poster menu board. Neither me nor the other people in line could make sense of it! There's a line that said something like, "Just say #1 or #2 and we'll take care of it." But I think most people just want to look at a menu and know how to pick from it...Had to try their food truck during Manayunk's StrEAT food festival because they had a legit set-up. Angie set up with a microphone and sharing insight about the dumplings and everything. Went with their classic dumpling - burger wrapped in turkey bacon with cheese - liked it a lot :)Thank you Pete. My daughter and I really liked the mac and cheese roll.  And thank you again for the excellent wonton. The meat was well done and the cheese was just right.  Looking forward to coming to your truck again.I had this for the first time about a year ago at Neshimany Creek Brewery and it was amazing!! I found out they would be at a food truck festival today and came just for their dumplings! Just as good as I remember.As far as specialty food trucks go, Dump-N-Roll is the one I hear about the most from friends. So I was glad to finally try them today.
I got the Far West cheeseburger wontons. I felt that the price was reasonable compared to most food trucks, $10 for a five-piece order. The only drawback was I thought the fried outside was a little greasier than I had anticipated, but overall, still very tasty. I also got their smoked truffle fries - whatever they use to make that garlic aioli stand out from other spreads like that, I'm a fan of it!The food was so good and the sampler for two was a lot of food for twenty bucks and filled me and my girlfriend up! Look out for this food truck at your local food truck festivals a must try!Great addition at the Anglesea Night Market. We shared a sampler that had 2 each of 4 different dumplings and a a Mac n Cheese roll that was the Best innovative Mac n Cheese I've ever had. The Dumplings were all flavorful and cooked perfectly. Last but not least the Fries mm mm mmm.I just got some dumplings at their food truck and they were amazing!!! Whenever I try to make dumplings myself I can never get the nice crunch without burning them, but they nailed it. Anytime you're in Philadelphia and are craving an on the go meal, I definitely recommend.Had the steak rolls and far west dumplings which seemed a little over price. They were decent, they just felt a little too greasy for my preference. I also had the garlic fries which surpassed my expectations. At the end of the day I think it is a solid choice if you want a snack or a meal on the smaller side.Went there for the food truck festival and their Mac and cheese roll is awesome! Their  truffle fries are BOMB as well. The people are really friendly too! I will definitely have to find them each time they are in the area!!To date my favorite food truck of all time! Their food is so good! You can tell that it is hand made and fresh every time. The guys who run the truck are top notch and down to earth. They are the first truck I look for at any food truck festival I go to. Would have to say that the chicken dumplings are my favorite but the Margherita egg roll is a very close second...might I also add that their garlic soy sauce is bangin?  These guys definitely get a thumbs up for sure!  keep doing what your doing guys!I got to try these guys a food truck fest in the Poconos and I was not at all disappointed in my selection. 
First off the line for this truck was constant,I had to wait till the second day to actually get to try their food. The smell coming from the vehicle drew in everyone that attended. On top of that, the window guy was a proper sales man who knew how to work customers, make them feel great, and advise them on how to get the best experience from the truck. 
Being short on funds I only ordered the Piggy & Chive dumpings and the Truffle fries. Both were flavorful and filling. It was clear what the ingredients in the filling were, the dumpings were crisp, but not too oily, and the fries were adequately sauced. Speaking of the sauces, this is where this place really shined. That truffle aioli deal, that is the sauce that I want to eat every single time I eat french fries. They also make a roasted garlic soy sauce, fantastic. It was so much more than normal soy sauce. There was ginger, vinegar, almost a touch sweet from the garlic in it, yeah, that's the kind of sauce that I want to eat with every dumpling and every spring roll for the rest of my life. 
In short, are these the absolute best dumplings and truffle fries I have ever ate, maybe not, they used frozen fries and the best dumplings I ever had live in the town beside me, BUT, was it still delicious? YES. Do I want to eat that truffle aioli on everything? Obviously! Do I want to try everything else on their menu? Absolutely, it was a fun menu! And most importantly, would I eat here again? This is the kind of place that I would be a regular at if I lived in their area. The sauces and the services and the food too all combine and make this a 5/5 food truck!As a fellow food truck, we traded pizza for Dump 'N' Roll's sampler and an order of truffle fries. Best trade we've had in a while! Wildly delicious, flavorful eats accompanied with prompt, friendly service. I haven't heard of an event whereby Dump N Roll didn't exceed expectations. Lovely work!Dump n roll is the best food truck i have had. Ever! They come to my apartment complex every few weeks and I always, always, always order at least $40 worth from them! The garlic dipping sauce is incredible! The dumplings are delicious and the truffle fries are to die for !!! I was a little skeptical on the chzbrger wonton but that was amazing too! 
Highly recommend this place and I will be telling everyone about it :)I got to meet Peter and check out the Dump N Roll truck at the latest Night Market. I got the Far West dumplings and they were delicious! I'm looking forward to finding future events with the Dump N Roll truck. Really great food and Peter and his crew were super welcoming and friendly. Thanks!Tried DumpnRoll this past weekend at Bucks country food truck festival. Food was incredible, hands down the best truck there out of the 5 that we tried. I am usually picky and only give 5 stars to places I frequent often, but what put this place over the top for me was the owner, Peter. So personable, he radiates passion for his food. Talked with us for awhile, took our order and when the truck got super busy, he forgot to charge us for our food. When my husband went to pay him, he was super generous and added a mac and cheese egg roll to our order (btw, omg!).  Expect to see great things from DumpnRoll, this kind of quality food from people who are so passionate about food, they're going to go far. Worth going out of your way for, try the sampler when you go - you won't regret it!Went to this food truck at the laurita winery event and their fries were crispier than a brand new $100 bill. The guys were super friendly and funny. Would definitely recommend everything there especially after an unecsaary amount of sangria. 10/10Great sauces.  Spring rolls are awesome. Plus these guys are a blast. Chili oil is great.Best food truck, ever! I tried their deluxe sampler for 2, which my fiancé and I shared. There was plenty of food for the both of us. My favorite was the truffle fries with garlic aioli, it was crispy and the aioli was phenomenal. Definitely would recommend!As soon as I saw Dump n' Roll on the list of food trucks at the Food and Music Festival, I made plans to come! They did not disappoint again!! If you haven't tried their sampler platter, you need to!!Phoenixville!! Great food and customer service. Ordered the deluxe sampler and it was incredibly good with generous portions. I think the owner lost his bet.Girllll....I love these dumpings!!!
I ventured out on a hot summers day to fight the crowds on 2nd St just to get a sampling of these dumplings. As a vegetarian, I had hopes they had something on the menu to satisfy me....JACKPOT! They had these little pockets of veggie heaven. As I am typing this review my mouth is watering. 
The skins were green...maybe some veggies packed in there? The dumplings are fried with a crisp outer skin but not too oily. The dipping sauce is a little watery but I just let the sauce soak the dumpling a little before taking a bite. YUM.
I cannot wait to get to try these again but I gotta remember to use my yelp check in! (Still kicking myself that I checked in after I left the truck!)I went to Dump-N-Roll during lunch as the truck was on Market Street in University City. I got the sampler plate for 1. Their French fries were delicious and I would go back solely for the fries. The Mac & Cheese egg roll was rather bland. I wouldn't get that again. The dumplings were okay, but the pork dumpling was my least favorite. The meat did not taste good. It tasted... old?... freezer burned?... I can't find the word for it. The veggie dumpling was very delicious, so I recommend that. I want to give them the benefit of a doubt and say it was an off day since they have good reviews... but I'm hesitant to visit them again any time soon.Had an amazing Mac & Cheese roll and truffle fries at Night Market in South Philly. Just amazing. It was the last thing we ate that night, and may have been the best. Peter is an amazing soul, and he and his crew put together some seriously tasty food. Get it in yer bellah right now!Had the sampler from these guys at the Swedesboro food truck event tonight. Can't say enough good things!  Dumplings were super tasty with very original flavors, mac and cheese egg roll was amazing and the fries were heavenly!  Will definitely seek these guys out again!!Seriously the fried dumpling I've ever had!  Don't skip this line anywhere!!!  Had them at a food truck festival and I need to seek them out everywhere!Slammin' truffle fries and macheese roll to die for, this is my all time fav beer and food pairing @locustlanebrewingHoly moly! You have to try the truffle fries and the bacon cheeseburger wonton! My mouth is still watering from all the flavor.Dump and Roll catered our HS graduation party last weekend. They did a fantastic job!  Dumplings, philly CS egg rolls and mac n cheese rolls were great. Salad and spicy peanut noodle salad were both off the charts! Guys were very accommodating, friendly and great with our guests. Big hit and highly recommended!Just checked in at honey fest at Bartrams garden. Pete the owner was fantastic
My son nailed the Mac and cheese egg roll. Loved it and the cheeseburger dumpling. 
The truffle fries were awesome. One of the best fries we ever had!!  We got the sampler. Two of each dumplings if this truck is near you. Run don't walk to it. 
Great guys and terrific food.   We are hooked. 
Thanks Pete. Great work and good luckMy first experience with DumpNRoll was this Spring at Manayunk StrEATS. Some beer drinking lead to the hunt for some tasty food. At this particular festival, DumpNRoll had a manayunk special: bacon cheese burger wantons with a strawberry dipping sauce. The best I can describe it is Chinese food stuffed with American food... and it is glorious... a couple months later at the dollar stroll on Baltimore ave their truck popped up... And the sampler for two was tried. It's a little of everything plus truffle fries and sauces. I can now say I highly recommend it all. And friendly excellent service.I am in love with this truck!!! The guys working on it were so fun and enthusiastic.  The truffle fries are AMAZING!!! I also enjoyed the mac and cheese egg rolls and cheeseburger dumplings! Everything was sooooo good! Hoping to see them again at Pennsauken's Bite Night!Had the sampler and the truffle fries.  Amazing   The Mac and cheese egg roll was so good.  Food truck festival at our local high school. Almost went back to get more of this amazing food. My kids loved itI'm amazed at just how disappointed I am by today's lunch. Why don't I just toss it up as rubbish and move on with my day? Mainly because I only had $10 in cash at the NoLibs 2nd Street Fair to spend on food and $6 of that $10 was, basically, wasted leaving me feeling unsatisfied.
I thought that the Dan Dan Noodles sounded really good because I adore those noodles at Han Dynasty. Well, not all Dan Dan Noodles are created equal. DumpnRoll's version was made with Raman Noodles (the packaged kind you get for 50 cents with the flavor packet- and they could have benefited, greatly from the flavor packet). Do you know those tiny, foil packets are like silver dollars in jail? Learned that from OITNB. Anyway, the Raman were topped with shredded carrot, mini cucumber batons, slivered scallions, black sesame seeds and served with a small container of mildly spicy peanut sauce. I asked for hot sauce, but they did not have any which dumbfounded me as Asian food is always offered with Sriracha or chili oil.
The Raman Noodles were cooked to, almost, mush. The veggies atop were fresh & crisp. The sauce, although it offered some heat, was extraordinarily bland and not quite enough for all the noodles. I thought that the amount of sauce was the cause of its tastelessness, so I returned to the truck, now ravenous, and requested another container of sauce which I enthusiastically emptied onto the noodles.
I was so voracious, I ate half of them, flavorless, in all their squishy splendor. Now here I am with a belly fully of Raman and $4..Truffle fries are bomb!! Loved the Mac and cheese roll and the veggie dumplings! Super nice guys too!So glad we were able to catch them at the Neshaminy Food Truck Frenzy! Peter's personality alone is definitely worth another visit. He is so great with his customers and if you show them some love on Yelp, Facebook, or other social media he may hook you up on your next visit. 
I ordered the deluxe sampler which included everything on the menu good enough for 2 people. I love, love, love the truffle fries with the garlic aioli! All of the sauces are flavorful and complimens each item. The holy phuc wonton was bomb with the honey bourbon bbq sauce. Always a great experience! Best food truck there hands down with their food menu AND customer service! Get to this truck early you wouldn't want to have them run out of any items. 
I rated before but loved it so much I decided to do an update of this experience.Damn, homemade, even the iced tea. where you going to find a mac and cheese dumpling? lol.Amazing people. Great food. Super friendly. Deffently recommend! Can have a good convo and it be comfortable.Got to meet these guys at a food truck event in NE, I'm glad we stopped at the truck. My wife is Asian so I very judgmental when it comes to any Asian food lol that being said .. it was awesome. The truffle fries are a must .. we got the sampler for 2 .. it fed 3. I would frequent dump n rollDumpnRoll was absolutely fabulous!  Had their vegetarian dumplings today, and the flavor was what stood out to me.  You get a nice amount of dumplings with the order, but I wanted more.  #CantMissAmazing food! As vegetarians we struggled to find food that would accommodate our dietary needs. Dump-n-roll exceeded our expectations providing a meal that was within your food guidelines as well as being extremely delicious! Great customer service. Authentic yet innovative.I had the pleasure of trying this truck at a wine, beer, and liquor tasting in Phoenixville. I had the truffle fries, chicken dumplibgs, and the mac and cheese roll. The food was good! I will definitely visit again. I loved the dumplings and the sauce was good a little too much vinegar floor for my taste but I know that's a main ingredient so I don't mind it too much. The guy taking orders was very friendly and even made a few jokes he even was thankful I was being honest because he gave me two orders of fries and I only ordered one. I was a little disappointed because I ordered 8 dumplings but only received 7  .. But in their defense they were very busy and the food was good so I decided to not say anything. Overall I had a great experience here aside from my missing dumpling.This food truck is our fave in all of philly. We have become regulars. Love the macheezy and the margarita pizza rolls and the dumps are to die for!!  nothing but love for them!I had the truffle fries and pork dumplings with chives and the food arrived promptly despite the large crowds at the second street festival. Everything tasted delicious at a low price so I will definitely eat at this truck again if I see it at a future event.Aw, I'm so sorry to give a bad review on a place with excellent ratings. Maybe it was a bad batch?! Everything I had was fried so much that I didn't get to REALLY taste it. The Mac and Cheese egg roll was so/so, the cheeseburger dumpling was best defined as barely edible. The one saving grace was the truffle fries but considering price to product and it was a solid 'frowner'. My friend agreed. She didn't enjoy most of her food either. WOMP WOMP.