As airport grab-and-go restaurants are, Earl does a decent job with a variety of sandwich options including turkey, tuna and even a Hawaiian. But today I could smell the roast beef and so I got that one. Yum. Good portion of sliced beef that was beyond medium cooked with cheddar cheese and a yummy horseradish sauce. Nope, don't get lettuce or tomatoes on it. It's perfect the way it is.
And since it's right between the security station and the top of the D gates (right near the Delta SkyClub!), it's easy to get and eat at the gate or on board.YUM!!!
I have became a fan of Earl's Sandwiches through my many trips to Las Vegas every year.
Every trip I make to Las Vegas, NV, I make it a point to eat there multiple times. So yesterday when returning to Philadelphia from a quick weekend trip home, I thought I'd treat myself to a quick sandwich before I was picked up from the airport. 
I ordered my regular Veggie Sandwich and although it was still tasteful and delicious it was different from the version I typically get in the Las Vegas Planet Hollywood casino. This PHL airport version had lettuce and tomatoes which the LV version does not, it was super peppery and the veggies had some sort of Italian dressing on them. 
I would definitely still recommend this location of Earl's Sandwiches to anyone wanted a great sandwich, however prefer the LV version better.I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich. I swear they must have been rationing the chicken. I counted 4 fairly small  pieces of chicken on this sandwich. Despite the limited amount of chicken on my sandwich it was pretty good. The chicken was flavorful and the  jerk sauce was really good.Both wrap that were purchased were already soaked through and inedible in wrap form. Tasteless spicy tuna. The chipotle avocado sandwich was OK. It would have been better if the three tiny pieces of avocado included hadn't been the hardest part of the entire sandwich.
Service was accommodating enough to warrant two stars.The Hispanic man with the glasses is the nastiest person I have encountered by far in a long time. I went to go grab some napkins and he made me ASK FOR HIS PERMISSION. I hope someone heals your rude soul. Will never be going near this place ever againBreakfast sandwich was yummy but everything was different than the picture! Chopped bacon, why??My sandwich was average. The meat had ok flavor, it needed more cheese, but the whole wheat bread was delicious! It's in a great location to for grabbing a sandwich before or after you board.Best airport sandwich I've ever had! Get the 'original' - super soft artisan bread w/cheese and traditional Philly steak! Staff was very nice and happy to boot. 
Side note: When at SFO, try Max's (terminal 2) - amazing grilled cheese, and the tomato soup is the perfect match!I had an early flight & a little time before takeoff and found room to relax here. I love a good hot cup of tea, which is sometimes hard to find, but they have a decent selection. They have egg, cheese, and sausage sandwiches but I tried the breakfast BLT and it was very good. They use just a little seasoned mayonnaise; they don't overdo it. Perfect. Staff was very friendly, which is a real treat in Philadelphia, were rude people are generally abundant.Surprisingly good for airport food, and not too pricey. Had the veggie sandwich and the bread was terrific. I loved that I didn't feel like I was paying too much for bad food. Plus, I love the name.If you're looking for great customer service this is not the place ! Sharde Saunders is by far the worst employee to ever have represent the company . First off i go up to order a meal and shes talking on her cell phone and asks "what you want" !!! First impressions last a life time !!!They advertise this place as "the worlds greatest hot sandwich". Honestly I would have to agree! Can't get enough of this freakin place.If you happen to be in Terminal D and need a bite - this is a great option!  I got the Earl of Clubs (or something to that effect), it was made to order, put through the oven and was delicous.  
I'll go there again.Okay, I was disappointed when I got to this Earls and found out they don't make the Cobb wrap. I ended up getting the Earl's club just like how everyone else mentioned. 
The sandwich is a little below or on par with the on in Las Vegas. The selection is definitely smaller than the one in Las Vegas but what do you expect from an Airport Earls.
If you're on the go and want something that's probably one of the best sandwich chain stores, then this is the place to go. I'd recommend it--I even took an extra to PHX since there's nothing at that airport. 
If you're expecting Earl's from Las Vegas... don't.
Edit: After trying some other options at the airport, this place just got bumped up to the Top 3 places to grab food to-go.Good food for an airport! 
I had a breakfast sandwich. I liked the toasted bun, but mine was a hair overdone - some burned parts. 
I would come back again. Good value for the pricePlease do NOT eat here. I ordered a sandwich, they called the wrong number so someone else grabbed mine. The man sat at a table near me, pulled the sandwich apart realizing it was not his and brought it back to switch it. Within 30 seconds, the sandwich was rewrapped and my number was called. I asked "is this the one he just returned?" And received the response "yes, do you want me to make you a new one?" Thank God I was sitting there and saw that! Talk about health code violations- plus it's downright DISGUSTING. To add insult to injury, the sandwich I got was made incorrectly.Someone making sandwiches thought it was ok to give a customer burnt bread. Unfortunately by the time I saw the sandwich, I was on my plane so I couldn't go back and ask them to make another. I called the numbers on the receipt to get a refund or gift card and no one has called me back. No one wants to be  stuck on a long flight and find the food they just paid for is inedible-I ate the inside anyway because I was hungry and didn't have any other food except the pack of airline cookies they offer. I posted a picture of the bread I received. terrible, just terrible..
REVISED-manager kindly offered refund or replacement. I decided on replacement and will stop back at the shop on my return trip. I would eat there again.Best breakfast sandwich I've ever gotten at an airport - freshly made to order and delicious! I almost can't wait till the next time in the airport to get another one!Actually one of the better food places in the Philly airport. 
I just can't give more stars to a place that couldn't operate without a supply of trapped customers. 
While the sandwiches are better than most food you'll find here, the staff is always in slow motion and don't really care about anything. But in their defense that is how this airport runs.If you find yourself behind security in Terminal D and looking for something to eat the options can be pretty slim, so you stop in at Earl of Sandwich its offerings are simple and usually your experience here will be at the same level of the service you receive. Today the staff was ok they weren't slammed with customers so I chose this place over the neighboring Burrito joint or the sit down Chickie & Pete's.
One "Everything" Bagel toasted with Ham and Swiss with a light spread of Dijon Mustard and a bottle of water not exactly the breakfast of champions but it was ok and scores three stars if the situation repeats itself I"d do it again...Unless you work at the Philadelphia International Airport, or have a layover here, you probably will not be able to eat one of these wonderful sandwiches.  
Located on the intersection of terminal D and E, you will find this brightly lighted restaurant next to another restaurant that I really didn't care to remember it's name, bc I was too excited about finding Earl of Sandwich.    
I've became a fan of Earl through my many trips to Vegas.  I would even ask my friends that were coming back to The OC to bring me back a sandwich.  Now I may be blowing this situation way out of proportion, but I do believe this place has some really good sandwiches.  The last time I was here, I walked down 3 terminals to get to Earl.  
Although this location has less items on their menu and is a little bit pricier, it will still hit the spot and make you forget about any other deli places.  If all my layovers had an Earl of Sandwich located in its airport, I would have no reason to gripe about the long wait time.  
Personal favorites:
Tuna Melt...I dont care for tuna, but this is favorite thing on the menu.
Hawaiian BBQ...the pineapple really brings out the taste. ( not on the menu here.)
Cannonballs...you might not like balls, but this can change your mind.
Caribbean Jerk Chicken...all jokes aside, the best part is spicy jerk sauce.
The Full Montague...who knew Romeo could make such a good sandwich?(4) ~ very good overall sandwiches
OUR MENU:
** The Original = (4) very good
** All-American = (4) very good
** White Bread = (4) very good
* Chocolate Chip Cookie = (3.5) good
* Whole Wheat Bread = (3) ok
* Potato Chips = (3) okVery pleasant staff that helped me figure out what was best to eat. I got the chicken chipotle, which was fantastic for airport food (tastes a little BBQ ish but I liked it)! The sandwich, chips, and a drink for  about $13.50. If you're on the edge about going, you should bite the bullet and do it. It's pretty great, especially in comparison to the rest of the food offered at airports.It's near impossible to customize your own sandwich or make substitutions-- good luck trying to order a cheese and tomato. I'm not one for being picky-- and I get it that they have specialty sandwiches, but if you can't order a cheese sandwich even with paying for a $7 sandwich AND removing components-- that's just a bit ridiculous.
My sandwich was ok, nothing to write home about.
The service here is TERRIBLE.  The clerk needs to check her attitude in at the security line!By far, best airport sandwich I have had. Added bonuses were reasonable price and friendly service.
Tried the All-American = fresh ingredients, good bread, and tastes great! For less than $10 with chips and a drink? What else could you ask for?!?Wrapped in hot foil, soft
cheese melts between egg and roll
I fly satisfiedThis is my go to place for grabbing some travel grub when flying from terminal D in Philly.  Pretty good hot Italian sub. Good service and always tasty and for airport food...a fairly affordable optionThey earn their two stars for short line and cold bottled water. I stopped in here quickly between flights and grabbed a chicken bacon avocado wrap that must have been sitting there for a while. Slimey wrap, slimier bacon and brown avocado. Yuck! ...even for airport food. I don't suggest grabbing anything out of their cooler.I'm such a huge fan of this chain, however, I wasn't a huge fan of my sandwich here.  I longed and was excited to get one, but the bread was not as fresh or as tasty as I imagined it would have been.  The employees weren't as exciting or caring as the Planet Hollywood/Vegas and Disney locations.
I would maybe give it one more go, but its just another restaurant in the airport, not the go to place I thought it would be.  I still won't knock it down lower because it is my ultimate favourite sandwich place.Stopped here on a layover. Its in terminal D, but not on the concourse. Near the airport exit in Terminal D. Had The Original 1762. Can't complain about the sandwich at all.4 solid stars for what possibly may be the best food in any airport! I walked from terminal B to terminal D to grab a sandwich. And then I proceeded to walk up and down terminal D twice before an airport employee told me that Earls was actually at the corner that connected terminals D & E and baggage claim, security, ticketing, check in, etc. 
Be warned though that they're not as generous as the meat as Vegas is...not really a deal breaker for me. 
You cannot go wrong with the Earl's club. It's heaven in the form of a turkey club sandwich. :)Sandwich tastes ok. However the cashier was hard to understand; also she missed I ordered HAM, egg and cheese biscuit, so I got an egg and cheese. Coffee is lukewarm and not a full (topped) cup.Love this sandwich spot!! First time I tried this place was in vegas at like 4 in the morning and thought it was bomb but had no recollection of how it tasted. I guess anything was gonna be bomb at that time.
But now that i have had the sandwich sober I realized how good this place is! Their bread is extremely fresh which I am a big fan of, good deli meats, and i really love their sandwich spread they use!
And they toast all their sandwiches, whats not to love about a toasted sandwich with melted cheese all over the place!!The sandwiches here are better than their counterparts in Vegas: juicier meat, softer and more chewable bread, better flavor. Grab an original for your outbound flight -- yeah, you'll probably stink up the plane with the delicious smell of roast beef and horseradish but it sure beats snacking on salted peanuts.Manager is exceptionally rude.  I can't believe some of the things coming out of his mouth.  I like their product, but I will never go to this location again.  
Many choices in the airport.Not only are they in Vegas and Anaheim, but here too! Man, they're rapidly expanding globally!!! Amazing. Jerk chicken is fun ordering but my favorite is the turkey club and tuna melt with tomatoes. This is a very successful concept done right. No matter where you have it, quality and flavor is consistent. However I still favor the Las Vegas location. You will never be disappointed and always get a hot sandwich!A great sandwich place. You get a warm toasty sandwich. Way better than Subway or Quiznos. Open late hours if you have cravings or just hungry. Lots of sandwiches to choose from, my favorite is anything turkey. Quick, friendly service.
Pics on Instagram @amanda.n_Stopped by this location to order a sandwich before getting onto a flight to head home and met this lady who provided great service.  Couldn't see her name as she was busy but still provide exceptional service.  I asked her help to taping my donut box and she didn't have to but was very helpful and made sure my donut was secure in the box.  Thanks.My first experience of Earl of Sandwich was in Downtown Disney, so I was super stoked to try the Philly airport location before my flight to Tampa.  I was disappointed at their limited menu and slow service, but they did have what my guess is their bestsellers.  I got an original...which is roast beef, cheddar in a horseradish sauce and saved it to eat on the plane since they did not offer dinner and the flight was right during dinner time.  I'm glad I did.  I ate it on the plane enjoying every bite.  I think some of the passengers were even a little jealous....or disgusted...or both...I couldn't tell.  Maybe I was so hungry I was shoveling it down my face and perhaps even chewing with my mouth open.  I didn't care...it was delicious.In a rush to catch your flight?  Cancel your flight and order from Earl.  The sandwich lives up to the legend - Arik KatzenbergHands down, the worst Earl I have ever eaten at. 
I was originally exposed to the restaurant a number of years ago at Disney and thoroughly enjoyed every meal I ever had there. Since I travel a bit for work, I have the chance to visit other Earl locations including Las Vegas and Detroit airport. Every sandwich had been great. Until this one...
They used the wrong bread, TOTALLY overcooked it, and the roast beef (Original) was sliced way to thick and was very chewy. The soda in the case wasn't cold, and the person preparing the sandwiches was too preoccupied with trying to upsell purchases.
Definitely puts a bad spin on a great restaurant.The airport before 5am is a sad, sad place. I guess I say that because I'm usually not up that early heading to an exciting locale. No, when I'm here this early, it's business travel to glamorous Alabama or Wisconsin. 
On this visit, I actually woke up at 3am to get ready and get there in time to make my flight. This is barbaric. No one should have to wake up at 3. Some of my friends go to sleep at 3, for cryin out loud!
But I digress...
I have to tell the world about the one thing that saved me today...the ham, egg and cheddar sammy at The Earl of Sandwich.
I knew there was a DD closer to my gate but something just drew me to TEoS today. And the only thing that could have made it better would have been if it were something closer to 9am. 
No, the service wasn't great, no the set up is not convenient but seriously that sandwich was so good! Worth all those calories that will hopefully keep me alert through my layover and 2nd flight. 
So weary travelers, if you find yourself in the D Gate area in the early morning hours, don't skip The Earl. Grab yourself a sandwich and chow down with your fellow business cohorts.Not a fan of this place. My Italian sandwich was not impressive. The meats were low quality, the bread was old, and the sandwich was greasy. I realize people have low expectations in an airport but this was pretty bad even for an airport terminal. I took one bite and threw it in the trash.Great, I land in PHL for an hour layover on my way from Chicago to DC. What to do to burn the time? Hmm... I could just walk around and get my FitBit steps in or something...
Wait?! Dude, did you NOT remember that there is a freaking EARLS HERE. T MINUS 40 minutes. GO GO GO
^^^ That above was my thought process from my layover gate to Earls in Terminal D. I LOVE Earls, and as any Vegas bound California can attest, it is simply the king of all sandwiches (sober or drunk, but usually the later).
Google informed me where this gem was located. I conveniently landed in Terminal A (woop), so I mad rushed over to Terminal D in order to get my sandwich. When I arrived, the cashier thought I had just run for dear life. Well girl, this was an emergency, and I was not about to miss this opportunity while in Philly.
The Earl of Sandwich here at PHL is not as great as the one in Vegas, but it still gets the job done. They did not have my favorite Chicken Avocado due to the lack of green veggies not being in season. I was disappointed, but opted for the Caribbean Jerk Chicken instead. Still an amazing sandwich overall, and made me miss home just a tiny bit.
If you're going to get any food here in PHL, make it an Earl's sandwich. You won't regret it!When it comes to sandwiches, this place has nothing on other chains. Specifically, Jimmy John's, Jersey Mike's, Quiznos etc... Even Subway wins in my book just based on portion and I hate Subway! The sandwiches are small and I'm still hungry just a few minutes after finishing it. I ordered the Full Montague and it was good. Just not nearly as good as say, a Bootlegger Club from Jimmy John's. They also offer soups and salads however I cannot speak on those because I didn't order any. The price is steep too. Maybe it's because I'm in the airport but I can buy twice the sandwich for less money elsewhere. Now I have to go and spend more money at someplace else to stop my stomach from growling. The best part was that it was served hot and the cheese was nice and melted but you can get that elsewhere too. If you're in the mood for a sandwich, I strongly recommend looking for a different place unless that place is Subway. Don't ever eat at Subway! If Earl of Sandwich is your only choice, you might want something else instead of a sandwich. 
Thanks for reading.Another one of our stops during the PHL delay. Tried the broccoli and cheese soup and bacon egg and cheese breakfast sandwich. Pretty tasty, and is nice and hot. I mean it's not the best thing I've eaten, but for airport food this is pretty decent.Excellent sandwich and fairly priced for an airport location.
It would be a solid 4 stars if not for the ridiculously long wait to get a sandwich made.  I would stop here again, but only if I had plenty of time before my flight.
This a small chain, that is not available in all markets; so worth a visit, if you've never been to one.For airport food it was a 5 star! In comparison to real food it was excellent.the famous earl of sandwich. i can't believe i tried it here first before trying out the original in vegas.
this is what i eat when i'm flying united out of terminal D. the full montagu is my favorite.
what makes their sandwiches the best is not just the good bread and fresh ingredients. it's the fact that the sandwiches are neatly grill pressed, which not only makes the sandwiches nice and toasty, but also means it's not messy at all to eat.I expect airport food to be bad, but this takes the award.  Weird tasteless bread, a teeny slice of fake ish meat, no lettuce and ??  Ick.This was an easy place to get to after security at PHL in terminal D. It takes them a bit to make the sandwich so keep this in mind when considering how much time you have. I suppose that means it's a least somewhat fresh. I have the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich. It had very good flavor and when paired with chips left me satisfied. The service was friendly as well. Not a bad choice for food at PHL if you have some time.I was exiting the airport and realized I was starving and should get something to eat before I hit the road.  A sandwich seemed perfect.  
The sandwiches are all hot but I asked for it not hot and they said they still needed to taste the bun (their signature) but they didn't have to heat up the meat and cheese.  Perfect.
I had an Italian which was mortadella, capicola, salami, ham, mozzarella, tomatoes and Italian dressing.  It was pretty good.  Topped it off with some salt and vinegar potato chips and a bottled iced tea.  The meal definitely hit the spot.  Total with tax came to $11.74.Maybe I got the wrong thing.. but my ham and swiss wasn't that great.  Originally I had rushed to get onto the airport shuttle to try and make my flight in philadelphia but I had missed it.  Ended up sitting around trying to figure out what I could do for the next few hours.  Lo and behold... there is an EARL OF SANDWICH somewhere in this freaking airport.. and of course it was back at my original spot before the shuttle ride.  So back onto the airport shuttle I go.. and a few long terminal walk throughs later.. I have a earl of sandwich treasure in my hands!  Something is a little off about it.  Not enough flavor? Maybe I'm just too tired to enjoy it?  I don't know.  But this definitely is not as delicious as the Las Vegas location that I frequent. boo.Turkey club plus root beer
$13.50
Philly Airport
Turkey has great smoky taste
Roil is very freshHere's how the conversation went in my head when the Earl of Sandwich and I first met.
Good afternoon sir!
Good day Earl of sandwich!
Are you quite hungry and in need of sustenance?
Well yes I am! It's something like 5 o'clock in the morning right now and I am quite in need of food.
Excellent! I happen to have seven dollar sandwiches that I would love to sell you.
Do you also have beverages?
Why yes you do!, The bottles of water currently cost more than a gallon of gas and we also have fruit juice options.
-----------------
In the end, the Earl of Sandwich and I got along just fine. My Best half and I shared a ham and cheese breakfast sandwich as well as a bottle of orange juice. Well the cost is certainly higher than outside the airport, it doesn't come anywhere close to some of the places we've seen. For a good salad sandwich, seven dollars early in the morning is expensive, but not unreasonable. The small meat and cheese sandwich at the airport in San Diego that was $17 was indeed a little bit on the high side.
The folks working here were very nice and even though it was super early, they were peppy and got everything done very quickly. For this Earl of Sandwich, you get an extra star!The Earl is a nice spot to grab a sandwich before your flight or even to take it along. I have visited this location a coupe of times and they have taken care of me quickly and efficiently. 
Not a whole lot to say other than if you are looking for a good sandwich at the Philly airport, give these guys a try.I'm basing this review on one sandwich, the Holiday Turkey! Being that I love making an amazing Turkey sandwich the day after Thanksgiving the Holiday Turkey from Earl does this all year round with all the fixins from cranberry sauce all the way to the gravy!
I have also had the Hawaiian BBQ and it's just as amazing in its own way but the Holiday is a must have for first timers!
Prices are on point as well so it's a 5 out of 5 from me.
If you're looking for a delicious hot sandwich stool reading and head over and grab yourself a bite to eat.This place gets a rare one star from me. It's specific to this location though the food I ended up getting was pretty bad too so I'm not sure if the food is consistently bad among with other branches but I doubt I'll ever give this company another shot at taking my money.
So here's what happened.
I get to the airport. Hungry of course because amidst the rush of packing, making sure I got everything for my flight and trip, and getting to the airport, my stomach pangs were decidedly ignored until I had the brain capacity to understand that I was hungry and a little angry (primarily because I hate flying).
Upon passing through the rapescan and being molested by the TSA (for the umpteenth time), I picked up my carryon and walked towards the first place I smelled food.
My animal instincts begged me to order everything on the menu but I stood there patiently, contemplating like a normal human being on what looked deservingly appropriate to squash whatever monster growled within me. And like a normal human being I waited for my turn (albeit I was only second of a line of two people) to verbalize my desire to give paper for nourishments.
And with confidence, I told the gatekeeper my decision.
"Uh... sorry... we don't make that 'cause... uh... we don't have it in stock." replied the only obstacle to finding peace.
But I wasn't about to fold under change, years of being denied my first choice of almost everything from food to sex had given me the power to go with my second best choice. And from the looks for my fellow, his bloodshot eyes, constant licking of the lips, sweating when it was clearly not warm at all were subtle indicators maybe he was very sick or very high. Even so, being not completely happy but not deterred I gave him my second choice.
"Oh... yeah... sorry sir. We don't have that in stock either. I think."
Now, being denied my first and second choice, though not my first, doesn't usually happen to me so always being prepared for worst case scenario, I did what most normal human beings do in such situations and asked what he'd recommend that was in "stock".
"So, everything on the left side of the menu we have and is good and our new items on the menu, I can make for you too. Um... yeah, sandwich B is good... sandwich A isn't bad also."
So now, I'm confused. Allow me to explain quickly. MY FIRST TWO FREAKING CHOICES WAS SANDWICH A AND SANDWICH B. So I calmly told him that those were my first two choices and that he had just told me that they were out of stock.
"Oh yeah, we're out on those items but you can get sandwich C which is good."
Not wanting to miss my all important flight of doom in a tin can, I finally told him that I wanted sandwich C, despite being told they had sandwich A and B, then told they were out only to be told they had it then be crushed once again that they didn't. So sandwich C it was.
"Oh yeah. We out of that too."
Ok, now I've gone from rational and understanding human being to exploding inside. But I muttered to myself to stay calm and move on. Maybe I can eat the napkins and plastic forks and knives which I can plainly see that they had in stock. But having a basic understanding of human biology told me that plastic may not be the best thing to figure out my hunger problem, so I in a defeated manner, told him to make me whatever first thing he could think of that they did have in stock and toast the crap out of it.
"Ok. That'll be $x.xx and give me 10 minutes."
WTF. Ten minutes to make me a sandwich?! I know ten minutes is too short of a time to grow the wheat, harvest it, kill and cure the meats, grind and process the mustard but too long if I'm the only customer there and you have all of the ingredients, sliced, cut, pre-weighed with sandwich making instructions right there in front.
I was beyond upset. But since I gave him some dirty green papers, I waited and watched. And yes, he took 10 minutes. To open the bread, to place the meat in the split bread, to salt and pepper it, to peel cheese and to put the pre-toasted sandwich D onto a metal tray to be moved along a conveyor belt to be toasted.
It was like watching something absolutely epic in slow-motion. Like a work of art growing in time-lapse motion with precise attention to detail. Except this was not epic, a work of art, and my sandwich came out burnt and lettuce outside of the bread with condiments forgotten.
I made the intentional effort to not thank him (my first time ever in ordering food) and took the food to the boarding area. Once seated in seat 14C, I took out what looked like a large burnt burrito (I'm trying to avoid the phallic imagery here) and took one bite into it.
Sandwich D tasted like cardboard.I made a short trip to Philly a few weeks ago and as I was browsing what kind of delicious food I could get at the Philly airport on my way back, I saw the three best words I would have never expected: Earl of Sandwich. 
I had my doubts considering that the set up was more like a fast food joint with absolutely no one there, in comparison to the fancy and crowded one at Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas. But the Montagu sandwich tasted just as great. I would have to say it was a great way to end my stay in Philly.How this place has 3.5 stars is beyond me, like wayyyyy beyond. The server literally yelled at me "what do you want" to ascertain my order. I travel a lot and have come to expect crappy service at airport eateries, this is no exception. Go somewhere elseAn Earl of Sandwich in Philadelphia? Pinch me.
Okay, you need to be past airport security to eat here, but let's just assume you are. And that you're hungry.
May I recommend their Italian hot sandwich? It'll leave you hot and bothered. Well, slightly hot but very bothered: it's the right amount of lunch, and there's enough grease that you won't want to eat again for hours. What I love about EoS sandwiches is that their dense-yet-yielding constructions are pleasing to the palate and kind to your chompers.
EoS aficionados should note this is location has a more limited menu - it is an airport location, after all - but packs unlimited pleasure in their offerings.
p.s. Friendly service.I've stopped at the Earl of Sandwich a few times as I fly in and out of the Philadelphia airport and I've always received good food. This morning I ordered a breakfast sandwich without bread and they fixed it up in a cup without blinking an eye. And it was great! They are also pretty efficient so don't let a little line deter you. So why didn't they get a 5? The cashier taking my order was totally polite but either he wasn't quite awake or he really was perturbed at me because I tried but couldn't get the first crack of a smile out of him!  Traveling is great but It's not that much fun to fly - smiles go a long way to making the experience better!Nutshell: fairly priced sandwich shop, flavor is lacking though.  Wouldn't really recommend it unless you're in a rush.
My friend raved about the Earl of Sandwich shop in Orlando, so when I found one in the airport I was like "sweet!". Not sweet...like most airport restaurants the food here is boring with thawed out ingredients.  I went for the Jerk Chicken on wheat. When I went to collect my food, the employee double checked that I got the jerk chicken.  I confirmed.  I was expecting a Caribbean inspired sweet, heat type of sandwich.  What I got was basically lukewarm chicken strips with a hefty handful of vinegary peppers, and a mayo based sauce that was neither sweet or spicy.  I have to think they made the wrong thing.  Under that assumption the sandwich was OK, but like I said it just lacked flavor outside of the peppers...which took over the sandwich entirely.  I don't know what it is about restaurants moving into an airport and completely loosing it, but it happens all too often.  The sandwich alone ran just under $10, which is reasonable.  There are too many options in this airport, I'd try somewhere else first.Convenient, easy to order and a lot of food options. When I was here there wasn't a lot of people so I got my food in no time. I don't exactly remember what I ordered, but it wasn't too bad. I didn't want to eat another generic sandwich so this was a step up from that. There is a lot of seating which is great because you can take your time and eat. I would definitely stop here again if I'm in this terminal and need something to eat.I love Earl's and this location meets Earl's great food quality but my gripe is with operations/service. Granted, I was the second customer in line so it was real bright and early...I feel like Earl's is typically really great operationally (I've been to incredibly busy locations in Las Vegas and Disney Springs) and this location just makes the entire Earl's brand look bad. 
So, there were only 2 workers and a line that only got longer and longer. It seemed like one of the workers was a trainee so really only 1.5 workers at best.
Once I finally ordered, I waited way too long because the worker gave my order to someone else!!! She was incredibly apologetic but...yikes!Well, don't ask for the Philly Cheesesteak...
Despite it being the first listed item on their menu, at $11.00, when I tried to order it, the cashier said they don't make cheesesteaks and seemed puzzled that I would try to order one. Smh. Chickie's and Pete's is next door, anyhow.Only had breakfast here 2 times. The ham egg and chz Sam is the best I have ever had in my life! If I'm in a diff terminal I will walk all the way to this terminal to get one that's how good it is! I can only imagine how good their lunch sams are!They forgot like 1/2 of the meat that was advertised on the menu. WTF. For $9 at least give me 4 slices of "Italian" deli meat! What a waste. And the service was a bit slow... she wouldn't take my credit card and demanded cash. WHO DOES THAT?!This place sucks and it is a travesty that it is located in the Philadelphia airport. I ordered an Italian hoagie. I received a petite few slices of deli meat, some nondescript cheese and a couple of slices of hard tomato. No bread approximating Amaroso. Instead it was on a soft whole wheat roll similar to Subway. At least Subway puts real vegetables on their sandwiches. It is toasted as well. No one asks; that is how they give it to you.  Terrible.First time eating somewhere in the airport of Philadelphia and the steak wasn't even cooked and it's way to overpriced for a small sandwhich. The worker had an attitude..  the customer service could be better.I ordered the original 1762 sandwich, and it was out of this world amazing. I strongly encourage anyone to go to this place.I was really excited when I had enough time before my flight to try the Earl of Sandwich at the Philly airport. I've tried a few other sandwiches from Earl before and they were delicious. This time I tried the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich. 
I was surprised to see bacon in the sandwich... silly me didn't read the description. I'm not complaining though... Normally bacon is mentioned in the name of a sandwich! The initial look at the inside of my sandwich was a little disappointing... It looked like there were a bunch of slices of American cheese stacked on top of each other and hardly melted. The bread was only warm and was still pretty good - the bread being hot is a big part of what really makes the sandwich. The chipotle sauce and chicken didn't taste as good as it should have since the chicken tasted like it was canned and the sandwich wasn't hot enough. They were not in any rush either. If you pride yourselves on serving the best hot sandwiches, don't you think you should make sure that the sandwich is nice and hot all around!? 
The gentleman behind the register didn't give me the best first impression either... He acted like he didn't want to be there as he was taking my order.The sandwiches are a little below average. But the fountain Coke is $3.5+tax. That is a joke.Earl of Sandwich, you get 4 stars simply because you were one of the only vendors open at 6 AM in the Philadelphia Airport when I desperately needed a coffee and a snack. 
I wish I could give you more than 4 stars, but I honestly only had that coffee I mentioned previously, as well as an everything bagel with butter (which was very good). But since you were so loyal, I will likely visit you again next time I have the unfortunate experience of being in PHL.Really decent sandwich place in the airport. I've had the Italian, tuna melt, jerk chicken and the classic Earl. The bread is always fresh and tasty. The service is decent, they just take forever to make the food. Their Earl brand chips are to die for. It's always a good fallback place when I'm not on F.After getting off the airplane, all I wanted was hot, non-greasy airport food. I explored every terminal until I finally asked for directions. Apparently Terminal D was where everything was at... which wasn't a lot of restaurant options. However, seeing Earl's Sandwhich was definitely enough for me to round up my search. Earl's instantly reminded me of the delicious goodness from past late night meals after clubbing in Vegas. 
Must Gets:
Full Montagu - Roast Beef, Roast Turkey, Cheddar, Swiss, Mustard Sauce, Roma Tomatoes, Leaf Lettuce $7.49
Earl's Club - Roast Turkey, Bacon, Swiss, Club Sauce, ROma Tomatoes, Leaf Lettuce $7.39
Italian - Mortadella, Capicola, Salami, Italian Dressing, Italian seasoning, Roma tomatoes, Ham and Mozarella $7.39
Soup of Day Tomato -  $3.89
Boy, was the food delicious. Of the three, Earl's Club was my favorite. Great quality, hot pressed sandwhiches on whole wheat bread. The bread looked burnt when I opened up the gold foil rectangle of a sandwhich, but trust, its just dark due to the wheat. What I love about the sandwhiches is that all the ingredients are neatly packed for clean, quick feasting. The sandwhiches are sliced in diagonal half portions, perfect for sharing. The soup of the day included options of tomato, tomato with bacon, broccoli and cheese (ran out), and loaded potato soup. The tomato soup came with a bag of buttered croutons. Seriously, seeing Earl was a pleasant surprise and satisfying experience. Definitely the best food available in PHL with reasonable prices.I finally made it to Philly! It was a short turn, but I was able to get an airport philly cheesecake, so here we are, time to see if it's worthy of the fuss!
So, the sandwich was quite tasty, and as it should be for $11 and change! I realize this wasn't the local best-of-the-best, but for the price I would either expect more quality or quantity. I mean, when I normally pay this much for a sandwich we are talking at least a nine inch sub or so, but basically twelve dollars for a six inch is pretty lame. I was wondering why so many mediators reviews were in here, and now I see it isn't a bad spot, just not worthy of their prices. 
That said, there is a place in Tulsa that absolutely destroys this one (I believe they are from Philly originally), and you get far more bang for your buck. Still, I had to give it a try since I was in the city of brotherly love! Onto Austin now to keep it weird...What the heck...good airport food? Does that exist?? 
I suppose here it does!
The sandwiches are full of meat, warm, cheesy and gooey and oh so delicious! We got a roast beef sandwich and a club sandwich. Both my boyfriend and I loved them and were surprised by the quality and taste of them. 
If you are stuck in the airport and hungry this is a great option.No line and really liked my jerk chicken sandwich. Not sure what made it a jerk chicken sandwich but I still loved it. Plenty of seating. Good location before the gatesOrdered the Philly cheesesteak, on my receipt it had several toppings listed. All I ended up getting was bread, meat and onions. How do you forget the cheese on a cheesesteak?Airport Sandwich