Normally I enjoy this restaurant. Not last night. The wait staff was terrible. I had to chase down my server to get one refill, and again to pay the check. They ran out of the special brew I was drinking, and she was not helpful in recommending a replacement. Our clean dishes were manhandled, and not held by the rims. The noise level was so high that I could not hear the person next to me. 
The pizza was OK, but not good enough to overcome the bad experience. I will not be returning anytime soon. Too bad, I love this section of Mt. Airy.Wow!!!! What a place!!!!! Such good flatbreads (Pizza) and excellent excellent draft beer!!!!!!!! Only problem is that they selling the art work on the wall and it's too expensiveI was so glad to find this place upon relocating from South Philly to Mt. Airy.  I was in need of a new neighborhood pub with good beer on draft; a nice standard menu for dinner; and a few food specials on rotation to keep things interesting for regular visits.  Earth Bread satisfied all of these requirements.  At this point, my favorite standard menu items are the wissahickon or the caveman pizza; my favorite special is the Brussels sprout salad; and I am loving the honey latte stout.  I also really liked the earth bread brewery scotch ale, but I only had the opportunity to enjoy it during my first visit to this restaurant. The pizza is wonderful, wood fired, deliciousness.  This also makes for wonderful roasted brussels sprouts for the brussels sprout salad.  The general vibe is laid back and casual.  I enjoy bumping into my new neighbors each time I visit this spot and I always leave happy with my overall experience.  The service can be a little slow sometimes, especially if you visit on a really busy night, but it is never anything too terrible. Just put in your drink order asap so that you can be patient while enjoying your tasty beer.Not sure where to start but I love this place. The flatbreads(pizzas) are delicious! I've tried all of them and I've never had one I didn't like. They make their own beer and I really like a few of the ones I've tried. Some are not so hot but they also have outside beers and great wine by the glass/bottle if you want that instead. Really kid friendly and Bernard (our server most nights) is the man! Always on top of things.I love the food!  
I love the house made sodas!!
I LOVE the decor and the menus inside old books!
Should be a 5/5 review right?
Wrong.  For some reason, I often feel judged inside Earth.  I have caught the owner (or is she just manager?) rolling her eyes in my direction and then generally being unpleasant and rude or condescending toward me.  I enjoy being a generous tipper, having worked multiple years in the service industry.  
I love the food there.  
If I didnt feel like I was getting the evil eye from some staff (not all!) for whatever reason, I would be in here more often.  In fact, I would probably eat dinner inside or get a flatbread pie for take-out once per week.  
As it is, I probably only dare order take-out once per month, and I haven't been upstairs to eat more than 2-3x per year since I moved to the neighborhood.
I want to love you Earth Bread + Brewery...but...Awesome flatbreads and beer selection. The white bean and artichoke dip was also very good!Earth Bread has become a go-to spot for me when I'm in Mt. Airy.  The service is friendly and the flatbread is delicious.  Some other reviewers have commented on the owner/manager.   I don't recall ever interacting with her personally but the hostess and wait staff are always nice.
If you come on a Friday or Saturday night you might have a bit of a wait.  Fear not!  There are two bars, downstairs and upstairs, that feature their house-brewed beer as well as a decent selection of regional craft beers.  If it's too crowded (which it may be), simply walk down the block and grab a beer at McMenamin's to kill some time.
I generally stick with the traditional flatbread.  A large is big enough for 2-3 people.  They also have salads and other appetizers.  If you have room for dessert, the sweet flatbread is delicious with chocolate and various fruits.This place is a great local hang out and also a nice place for date night or just to grab a good bite to eat. As far as food goes, the first time I went I had the spinach curry with bread appetizer just to fill my stomach while drinking and it was killer and cheap! The next time I had the Continental flatbread and holy crap that was great. Also I think I got the small not the large as there were two sizes and I had plenty to take home and make another meal out of. This is all good enough but then you gotta talk about the beer! I don't drink anymore but I'm glad I drank here when I did! Their house brewed beers are awesome and very unique. I tried all of them and they were all great in their own respect. The triple trouble was my favorite. But to top it all off: kick the keg Tuesday. $2 12 oz draft all night on whichever house brew they choose. And once the keg is kicked....bring on the next one. It doesn't end. Let me say I had some fun times here on Tuesday nights. Even the time this young dude stood there and listened to me bitch for THIRTY MINUTES about the fight I was in with my girlfriend...or maybe it just seemed like forever. Good kid. If you're out there, thanks buddy!Definitely my go to spot in Mt Airy at any time of day. Every time a pleasant experience. The decor is earthy and modern, trendy. 
I would say this establishment is also very family friendly. I have 2 very active little boys. I did see other families with young children here at various times. The staff is nice, overall accommodating and friendly even when it gets very busy and it does get busy. 
The wait for food can be long but once it comes you might overlook it. I typically get the Seed flatbread. Original and very tasty. It's easy to get full. Large portions can probably feed 2-3 people. 
Naturally, beer goes well with flatbread and they have a nice selection of craft beers.i love this place...the flatbread is always sooooo good and the ceasar salad is a great appetizer to split....it's pretty generous.
favorite flatbread so far is the hunter...the turkey sausage is awesome.Great place for pizza,  beer list never disappoints.   Service is always upbeat and friendly.   Had our last anniversary dinner hear with champagne served,  very reasonably priced and the atmosphere was perfect.Amazing - in a one word summary. New take on delicious pizza and refreshing soft drinks. Interesting decorations and intriguing and unique menu design. Will return.Changing my 3 stars to 2 stars on account of the jerky owner lady. Pizza is good, beer is good, owner is one of the most unfriendly people ever. We went with a group of friends for a birthday lunch. A group of about 12 people. We all had lunch entrees, appetizers and drinks. Our guest of honor opened a few gifts. We were not loud, we were not drunk we were polite , spending $ and having a good time. Until the owner decided that she was sick of us ( I don't know why?) and told us that we were " taking up space, and to wrap it up". How effing RUDE? 
I like the place and the food, but will never recommend this place to any of my friends, family or associates ever again. Out of principle. To the owner: if you do not like your customers, then I suggest you get out of the service industry. With a poor attitude like that, your business is going to fail.3.5 yelps. Roasted Brussels sprouts, thyme, pumpkin seeds with balsamic reduction flatbread was a delicious vegan option here for me! Hearty and flavorful. A tad limp though (probably because of all of the deliciousness!) 
Pomegranate lime sorbet for a tangy, sweet vegan dessert. 
Homemade brews for all. Lots to choose from! 
Chili sea salt edamame for the table. Love the addition of the chili. 
Wheat berry arugula salad and classic Caesar salads to start were decent. 
S'mores flatbread for their dessert which they said was amazing 
The guys had "The Cave Man" flatbreads. You can imagine what that was like. They liked them. 
Causal double date night was a success at Earth Bread & Brewery. Casual, laid back vibes with earthy decor heavy on the wood. 
Parking was easy right out front on a Saturday night. 
Negatives would be: Service was lacking but I have. A feeling he wasn't there too long after. He seemed uninterested. And we were seated by the door and freezing every time someone opened it. I believe they did have a curtain, it was just pinned back for some reason. Hmmmm  
We would give it another go when in the area, but I'm not sure we would head up from city just for it again.
Dined Feb 2015Great staff. Beers always rotating, owners on site all the time.  Love the sustainable build out.Pluses-The beer was delish and hit the spot. And its a 5 minute walk from my house. 
Minuses-Waiting 45 mins for a small pizza when you are ordering from the bar and not the table. Super limited menu offerings. I think the dessert was a cookie. Most places at least offer the obligatory Fudge Sunday. An ridiculous amount of children ages 2 to 12. . This is a brewery???
The Seed Pizza is great as has been stated by several fellow Yelpers, its was offered as a sample.
But I chose to build my own and I am not sure why it was so complex for me to basically order a white pizza with cheese and roasted onion. 
After 45 mins that pizza should have been mouthwateringly delicious it was just okay.
I have no problem with a place having a family atmosphere. But a brewery?? Who brings their children to a brewery?? The bartender seemed offly harried and stand offish for the place to not be spectacularly busy. From what I could tell there was a bar upstairs as well.
There should be 2 boards with the beer listings and if they want to do it right they should take a page from Monk's book and have a mini beer reference for those of us who aren't completely familiar with the bottled beers behind the counter.  And Why does the Bar STOP so abruptly , it should wrap around. 
Atmosphere: The atmosphere was VERY waspy, chestnut hilly, which was surprising considering you go to any of the establishments on the same block and they are quite culturally and economically diverse. I am not a huge fan of places where the only brown or beige face you see is working in the kitchen or busing tables. I was the only non white patron for about 40 minutes.  There were some random hipsters that came in and they seemed out of their element as well. They sat beside me. LOL 
I had 2 beers and a pizza for 16 dollars which was not bad considering I can go to places and only get 2 beers and some fries for that much. 
If I need a beer and don't want to go to the bar half a block down the street. MAYBE I will go to Earth Bread Brewery. But it just gives me the feeling a place I might go to on a day when my mom came into town and we didn't want to drive to get a meal.WOW. 
We came here after dinner at Iron Hill Brewery.. we heard from two gentleman at the bar that there is an event on Tuesdays called "kick the keg", we ventured over after dinner (we each had two drinks at Iron Hill and ubered to be on the safe side) we coincidentally ran into a bartender that my boyfriend knew. She served us each one drink, and three waters total. We then ventured upstairs to play ping pong, have another drink. We got upstairs to find the bar manager bartending. Unfortunately because we were not regulars, we were not allowed to order another drink. Unfortunately for the bar manager he didn't know who he was serving. 
I write a lot of reviews for people in their early 20's to mid 30's. These people are looking for bartenders who are open to new comers and are nonjudgmental of their first appearance in a bar. 
This bar manager refused us another drink based solely on the fact that he didn't know us. Not because we seemed intoxicated, not because we were slurring our words, not because we were sloppy, because he didn't know us. 
Don't waste your time at this bar. I will never be a patron here again. I have had much better times at Iron Hill Brewery with their fantastic bar tenders who are caring and pay attention to each individual order, as well as El Poquito. Unfortunately these bars are not open as late, if you are looking for a better bar open later, McMenamins is the place to go. Friendly bar service, no judgement and great people to sit at the bar with. 
Earth Bread + Brewery is dead to me along with everyone who follows me. 
PS
The ONLY reason this place got two stars was because of their VERY friendly and charismatic bartender on the first floor. She was amazing. Stole the show. Only good thing that stood out tonight.Whenever I have out-of-town guests, I love to bring them to this place! AWESOME flatbreads, and although their menu is small, it changes continuously so there is always something new to try. The toppings are delightfully creative and always delicious, and their house-made ice creams can't be beat! The waitstaff is fabulous. My only complaint is that during peak hours it tends to be VERY loud in the dining area. They seriously need to invest in some better acoustic paneling! At times it is impossible to have a conversation across the table with the ambient volume overpowering us, even when shouting to each another. Otherwise, this place is the best in town! Always a favorite.I would give Earth Bread 5 stars if the service was better and they offered takeout. Prepare to spend some time here. The service is very nice, but extremely slow. I would love if they offered take-outs for nights when I don't have time to sit in the restaurant.
The food is excellent! They only do a few things, but they do them very well. The seed flatbread is awesome. Definitely try the homemade sodas. Great beer selection.This place is amazing. I would absolutely come here everyday if I lived near by. The food is off the charts and it's not something you will find anywhere else. It's a must try!!!!First and foremost, do not go here if u are very hungry or in a rush. I have been at least six times and the service is consistently slow. From what I gather, the place is not run by folks with  food industry expertise, some of the managers seem very lacking ie. assigning servers to tables on two different floors, ( one table being a ten top!), or assigning the bartender to a table on a crowded night...
 But I keep going back! Because the food is very tasty, good beer, very warm atmosphere and close to my home.  So, as long as you know what you're in for, it's worth it to catch up w a friend or have an unhurried night w your sweetie!Eh. This place is sort of an overblown pizza place. Their "flatbreads" are basically just hipster pizza. The menu is surprisingly limited, and not overly impressive. Also, the service is pretty dismal. We went on a night that wasn't crowded in the least, yet we barely saw our waiter. The saving graces are the alcohol selection and the layout of the restaurant. The inside of the restaurant is cozy and cool.Lovely and delicious flatbreads and great beer selection. We had the Chicken Korma flatbread, which is one of my favorite Indian dishes turned into a flatbread. It had just the right amount of spiciness. It was creamy, nutty, and full of flavor. We also got a special flatbread, it had Mexican flavors - potatoes, cilantro, black beans. We also tried the coffee black bean hummus served with pita and crudite. Everything was delicious and the service was fantastic. Will definitely be back.Eh, I thought this place was kinda mediocre for what they were serving.  There were some pros and cons.
Pros:  They do their own beer.  It's pretty tasty and they do some interesting ones.  They have a smoky beer that tastes like you just sucked on a meat smoker.   And the other ones are good too.  They also use fresh ingredients in all their food.  
Cons:  For a pizza place thats trying to be inventive, im not really impressed.  It seemed very run of the mill, and it didnt separate itself from other places.  I went there within the first couple weeks it was open, so maybe things have changed up.My boyfriend and I have become regulars here. Always impressed with every flatbread we try. Great vibes and plenty of delicious home brewed beer to choose from! Cheers!!Great Mt. Airy neighborhood spot.  Stick to a flat bread and beer and you're guaranteed a good experience.  There are also local artist paintings on the walls which give it a great touch.Apartment hunting on V-Day with my girl and friends from Mt. Airy/Chestnut Hill, ultimately graduated to dinner here.  Was not disappointed.  
It's a bit snug, but space is at a premium in that district, so it goes w/out saying.  They've done very well for themselves for good reason(s).  
Moving on: 4 flat bread pizzas (Caveman and Seed are particularly recommended) and a random beer (Raspberry Stout 13oz, $6, one of the best stouts I've ever had).  
The menus rooted in the children's books were novel, too, definitely a clever way to lighten the mood and keep things personable/friendly per their otherwise intimate but casual atmosphere here.  Staff was first rate, too, which is saying something given that this was a VERY high traffic time (Sat, prime time, particularly on a busy holiday).The made-in-house beers are creative and great.  If those aren't to your liking, the guest beers almost always have a few options to hit the spot.  The flatbreads are awesome.  The space is fantastic.  The owners and servers could not be nicer.  It's amazingly kid friendly.  One of my favorite spots in Philly.  Great place to be a regular.   It makes me miss Mt. Airy.Very original flavors at this neighborhood gem. It doesn't get better than the Seed Pizza! Unique menus keep the table entertained even after orders are taken. While it is hard to not eat it all in one seating, I love taking home leftovers in just foil - no styrofoam or plastic for the landfill.This review is for the bar only.
RIP Inglesea!  Every time I come back east, Mt Airy is more and more boho.  I'm not complaining because when I come back east I don't have a car, so any place in walking distance is A-OK by me.  But -- still quite a shocker to walk into the former Underage Express and find a very, well, Chestnut Hill type of establishment.  But microbrews!  
Actually, their homemade brew is pretty average -- the ESB has the most to offer at this point -- but they have other favorites on draft and there's nothing wrong with that (even if McMenamin's has them beat on that front too).  Added bonus:  since this place is new, all kinds of folks are hanging out there, so cancel that 'just for fun' speed dating night and bring your friends here instead.Their beer was pretty good, and the cheeseboard, while not large, was tasty. It came with a lovely tomato jam, which I'd never had before but definitely liked. I had the Seed flatbread, which was flavorful. The others at the table were also tasty. The smaller flatbread is large enough for one person; I was comfortably full but not stuffed after one small one, some of the cheese, and a 13-oz beer. The upstairs is spacious, and the service was friendly and quick.The desert and beer choices are tops, and the homemade soda is good too. When I went we got three different flatbreads and none of them really impressed and on one I'd go as far to say it wasn't any good. The service was... terse. It was nice enough that I'd return there on a whim however. The decor is a little inconsistent but the atmosphere is nice and subtle.So, when we went, there was a teacher's meeting going on. I got the impression that they were busier than usual but they handled it well. We say at a two top with an attachment to hold the pizza up. It was obtrusive abbot. I couldn't see my husband so I didn't like that so much but not a deal breaker. We ordered the brussel sprout salad and the mushroom lover flatbread. Both were delicious! The brussel sprouts we expected to be a warm salad but it was cold. Cranberries in it were the classic pairing. Done very well. The mushroom flatbread was yummy. You can tell it's done in a brick oven. Nice charred parts. I liked the shiitake on it. Some kinda garlic aioli on it. All good. My favorite....dessert. I love bread pudding like your 80 year old grandma and the bread pudding they had was to die for. Gooey, yummy caramel sauce over top. I would eat that every day if I could.Gonna keep this one simple... one of my favorite spots. Inviting, chill, and dimly lit.(downstairs) The owners are nice, knowledgeable, and the staff is great.
Earth is very earth friendly... love it.
There's always something for almost anyone on pour at any given time. I think they really excel at darker styles and would have to say that the doppel bock (2bok4sure?) they made was probably my favorite example of that style I've ever had.
BONUS... they also carry some select sipping spirits and their prices are outstanding. $9 for a 2 ounce pour of Ron Zacappa = Earth rocks!I enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant as soon as I walked in and was surprised and happy to see that they served not only the homemade beer I knew about, but also homemade sodas and kombucha! I was impressed with their general mission statement on the back of the menus so I started out on a positive note. 
We had to wait a little while to order, but this was expected with such a large restaurant that was relatively crowded for a Tuesday night (which happened to be a great night to be there as they had Great Lakes IPA for only $2!) The pizza was delicious, the crust was to die for - incredibly flavorful and crispy. 
However, I was quite disappointed with the beers. I got the Bread+Circus APA, which I was very excited for after seeing it was brewed with the same house yeast they use in the breads. Though it seemed as if the yeast strain couldn't stand up to the alcohol as the beer was FAR too sweet and reminded more of a dubbel, trippel, or even slightly of an eisbock... perhaps there were hints of an APA somewhere under all that sweetness. My friend got the Rose Farmhouse Ale which was much more true to it's style, and though it wasn't fantastic, it was pretty good for a restaurant brewing their own beer - which I've come to be somewhat doubtful of.
The desserts were delicious, though seemed small even after I had read that they were quite small. Not too badly priced, though.
Overall, I would go here again to get some more delicious pizza, try their kombucha, and perhaps try another beer and hope for something a little more exciting.
If I had the choice, I would have given 3.5 stars, but gave 4 for the fact that they seem to care about sustainability and being eco-friendly.All things fermented! Beer! Bread! Cheese! Pizza! Cool old building. Fun place to eat and drink. Food and beer are both better then you would expect for the neighborhood, it's always busy. Parking can be difficult but at least it's free(street)Funky cool decor. Happy servers. I should go more often.Great food, great beer, great atmosphere, great place!
Always love coming to Earth Bread. They have extremely unique brews and even more unique pizza's. I got a pierogi pizza last time. Pretty much as amazing as it sounds. I've never had to wait for a table, and always had quick service. It's not cheap pizza, but it's definitely worth every penny. They're homemade ice cream is great as well! The food and drinks are amazing, will recommend Earth Bread to everyone.
Two reasons they haven't earned a 5 is their staff and their hours. They tend to be uninformed about the beers/ pizza's that are currently being offered. Last time I got someone who I wasn't sure had ever eaten there before. And they only open for dinner (around 4, i think). Tried to come here for lunch one day and was rather surprised that they weren't open yet. Went to wawa instead.
The atmosphere is very cool. Lots of neat paintings on the wall.
Overall, definitely will return!Fresh everything, great service, unique atmosphere -- definitely a winner in my book!I have been to this place many times as I live in the neighborhood.  I have to say the service, food and beer are consistently good.  The fact they source from local farms, etc. and the food is fresh is important to me.  They make their own kombucha.  Their selection of beer, including their own is great.  The space is welcoming and is also family friendly.  I keep meaning to stop by when they offer live music, but have yet to do so.   One of these days!  They don't have an extensive menu, but offer something for everyone, including vegetarians.  Sometimes offering too much can be overwhelming.  If you are in the neighborhood, give them a try.  Even for one of their brick oven Za's!Walk away from this place feeling good about yourself. The prefect blend of brew and za. The brew has the prefect scent that stimulates your tastebuds in the most powerful way.The za = palate pleasing, creative and worth at trip. Will definitely be back!Flatbread is really good. The Caesar salad was awful. Of the two house brews they were both pretty disappointing. The guest brews were chosen well. The hostess upstairs was rude. The waiter Bernard was truly excellent. He was without a doubt the savior of the night. When he heard we were unhappy with the initial impressions, he went out of his way to make us happy. If it weren't for him, I probably wouldn't go back.I like going to Earth, but I wish they didn't stop serving food at 9:30. I'm assuming they have a good reason for not serving past 9:30, but to me it feels a bit early, especially if you will be doing some late night drinking, it's really nice to have a pizza to help absorb those high ABV beers.
That said, when I do get there in time, the seed pizza is by far the best. I like to get it and eat at one of the tables in the bar area- the sit down service has been a little bit disappointing. (Slow, erratic, food coming out cold or not at all).
Another reason I prefer to go on the later side of things is that there are so many children running around earlier on in the evening that it almost feels out of control. A friend and I went there for "happy hour" a few months ago and there were children running all over the place, even in the bar area where we were because that's where their parents were hanging out. Maybe Earth can designate a "family" waiting area, where parents can still get drinks but the children are a little more contained. 
Overall though, Earth has been a great addition to Mt. Airy, especially for a 20 something resident of the area like myself. It's a MUCH better "hangout" than McMenamins down the street.I've eaten here twice and both times the food was delicious. I really enjoyed the atmosphere though it did get a bit loud so it was difficult to hold a conversation. The servers have always been friendly and accommodating. I would highly recommend visiting.I really liked this place.  
Had the summer flat bread with squash and a bunch of other stuff.  Was delicious.  Couldn't get enough.
The Quacker had duck confit and cherries and balsamic (I believe?).  This one was good but a tad rich for me.  I ate one piece and was perfectly satisfied.
The mac and cheese flatbread was a bit much for me......too heavy.
Salad was a goat cheese balsamic with pecans.  Very pedestrian but very good.
Excellent beer list.  
Service was on it.
I would recommend this place.  Good food for a good price.A staple of the neighborhood, proud to be a regular. The dessert flatbread is a must have!Unique beers..  bartender was very friendly and had some great tips for us as we were visiting the city...Earth Bread is a great reason to head over to Mt. Airy. There is a bar on the first and second floor, and the place brews its own beer. This is almost becoming a staple in Philly... but theirs is a great selection. If you're not a fan of microbrews, they also have "guest" beers on the menu.
There are always interesting specials, and so many vegan/vegetarian options. Service can leave a little be desired (simply because they get very busy) but the staff is generally helpful and kind. The flat breads are awesome, doughy yet crispy with fresh ingredients atop.This place is pretty good.
The beer is solid. Not the best, but drinkable and well made. I've found that their IPAs are their weak point, but other styles are pretty competitive with similar concepts.
Service has always been very good. 
Their flatbreads are to die for. Absolutely amazing. Definitely spring for them, they are pretty reasonably priced as well!I've been here for dinner twice now, and although the service has been consistently stellar (lovely people!) and you can't beat the $2 kick-the-keg deals on Tuesday, the food has been mixed. 
1st visit: a large Earth pizza (tomato sauce, onion, fresh mozz, garlic olive oil, basil, fresh greens) was good and filling (enough for two of us for dinner, although we're small eaters).  It did need a little seasoning, but was decent. NOT the best pizza in Philly, but totally solid. 
2nd visit: we ordered the collard greens & kim chi dip (vegan special) and the cheese plate. The dip was... interesting. Tangy, fermented, vinegary, yummy on the soft bread provided (there were also some veggies included).  Healthy!  A decent appetizer. But the cheese plate... was incredibly disappointing. $12 for three slivers of cheese (I'm not exaggerating when I say it was less than a total of 1 ounce of cheese!), a few grapes, 1/3 a granny smith apple (not fresh), some weird jam, and a few walnuts.  NOT. WORTH. IT.  We both left hungry and with our wallets much lighter than expected.  
Take home: AVOID THE CHEESE PLATE. The pizza is decent. Some of the stranger sides may be worth checking out.Had wanted to try this place for a while, and so glad I finally did! Went with a friend who has dietary restrictions and waitstaff was more than accommodating. We got 2 pizzas & hummus along with some beer. Prices were good and food/beer delicious. In my years of dining out, our waiter Omar was probably one of the best waiters I've ever had! Make sure you stop in if you're in the area!They have both traditional and very unique pizzas. Crust is great (I don't usually eat pizza crust). Service is just ok (they are very nice, but not very attentive)I love the atmosphere and the food here. The seed is my favorite pizza! They are very kind to my young daughters and have worked to accommodate one with various food allergies. Fun for a date night or family night out!This  Pizza is absolutely the BEST I've had in the Mt. Airy area thus far... Cozy atmosphere, great customer service, and QUICK! The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because of the size of the large (moreso a medium), but other than that AMAZING PIZZA, can't wait to try their specialties  (only ordered a pepperoni)!!I hate to give any Mt. Airy small business a bad review. But I ate here three times prior to reviewing, and I have to be honest. The first two times the food was great and the service was decent, but the last time was so terrible that it knocked this review down to two stars. 
I'll say it again to be fair: the beers are great, the beer selection is wonderful and changes often, and the flatbreads are really, really good. I've had some appetizers here like soup, salad, edamame, cheese, and olives and they've always been tasty. 
But this third time...first, I ordered an olive appetizer which was way different than it had been before. Before, it had been a small, tasty serving of various olives. This time, it was a large bowl of completely tasteless olives. I actually sent it back, and I have NEVER sent back a dish in any restaurant. The waiter seemed surprised and made me explain myself several times, which I didn't think was necessary. But whatever, I had a delicious flatbread coming.
Except that it never came. All of my dining companions received their food and were nearly finished by the time we even got an explanation. In fact, it seemed as if the waiter was avoiding us. Finally he came over and said that there was a "mix up" and the pizza would be out in mere minutes. Well, it wasn't mere minutes, but it finally came. I received an apology from two waitstaff about it, and the offer of a free dessert.
Well, okay. I can accept that. I ordered the banana chocolate chip bread pudding. And it took FOREVER to come out. It became comical. I assume they only had to heat it. It took so long that we were just amused at that point. And when it arrived, it was very, very burnt. I received a burnt end. 
I try not to hate on anything "free," but when your free comped dessert takes forever to arrive and is BURNT, what is one to do?
Two out of three weren't bad, but they weren't good either.The beer list is good. The food is good in that it's local, organic, real ingredients but the offerings aren't extensive. This is a good place to take a casual date or a low key pizza and beer night, lots to talk about (art on the walls from local artists, interesting beer, unique authentic food). However, it's not overly impressive. Just a good option and reasonably price. They have quizzo and music so there is something to do late nights.
Also- 21st Amendment's Hell or High Watermelon in a can is the perfect summer beer option :)Wow. This place is amazing. I came here with friends before a play at the Sedgwick Theater next door. It was almost as good as the show itself, no joke! I love how the menus are taped inside of children's books.
The beer on tap is really unique and delicious. I ordered Luther's Rose--in honor of Martin Luther himself--and it was divine! Only in Germantown, am I right?
We also sampled two of the flatbreads, which were both scrumptious. For the record, these are basically like pizza so don't be surprised by your order. Even the sauce was delicious; it must be homemade. The edamame was surprisingly good as well, for a restaurant that doesn't have the slightest affiliation to Japanese cuisine. To finish off, we scarfed down the (yummy) house bread pudding five minutes before the show and ran out the door!
I really must say, the service made the experience here. Several waiters stopped by our table, in addition to our original host. They were all friendly and very funny. I felt so at home here, and I can't wait to return!Mt Airy is one of the best gems of Philly. With that being said, this place is just one of the many reasons as to why! Earth has terrific grub and service. I would rank them as a lunch spot, where you can also enjoy delicious brews. Menu is flatbread heavy, but they are always delicious. When I am in the area, I always try to make time for Earth and sometimes even leave with growler :)Big fan of this place and regular visitor, so this review is well overdue. 
Don't expect to go in and order a miller light while watching a sports game because they do not have TVs nor will they ever serve you a miller light...which I appreciate.
But what you can expect is a relaxing atmosphere at a unique brewery with knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating staff.  Simple food menu and great place to go with family (kid friendly) or on a first date. They don't offer reservations so if you're going for dinner on a Friday night, plan to have a beer, look at the local art work and wait a few minutes before you are seated.  
They offer beer, wine, bourbon and homemade sodas mainly. Handful of house beers and handful of crafts- try the house beers though, the brewer knows what he's doing! Delicious flat breads, salads and apps - all of which is reasonably priced. My favorite flat breads are the Black-White and the Seed (i literally crave these) - and the weekly flat bread special is always a good option too. 
They have some really good beer specials during the week (Mondays happy hour specials all night long, Tuesday $2 kick the keg night, Thursdays guest brewery keep the pint nights, etc.). And they have some cool events upstairs (from wine tasting, to ping pong, to live bands, etc.).     
Oh and the t-shirts are seriously the most comfortable shirts ever - you should buy one.
If you are looking for a place for dinner and drinks in this area, definitely go to Earth - you wont regret it!!I know that people love it here, and I will start by saying that the "flatbreads" (aka rustic/brickoven pizzas) are DELICIOUS. Before  yesterday I had only eaten here once and I had some kind of allergic reaction to something in a salad and my tongue actually swelled up, so I wasn't psyched to go again. But that was a while ago, so I agreed to go for my husband's birthday dinner, at his request, with our 9- and 13-yo kids.
Here's what we experienced while dining in:
-First of all, it's about 1,000 degrees in there. I was literally sweating the whole time, and even my 9yo daughter was hot (she's never hot).
-It's very dark--now, I do wear glasses, and I am in my mid-40s, but really. I had trouble reading the menu!
-It's very loud--all wood everything, nothing to absorb sound.
-Service was terrible--left us hanging for long periods of time, even though it wasn't crowded and there seemed to be many servers just milling about doing nothing. Our server was also the bartender--just not a good staffing plan!
-My daughter wanted a mozzarella cheese-only pizza, but they put it in as a 4-cheese pizza so it came w/ ricotta and scallions all over it; luckily my son and I liked it, and they took it off our check and did make her a mozzarella-only one pretty quickly, and she liked that.
-The menu is so lame! They literally have a few appetizers, a few salads, and a list of flatbreads--but for a place that only offers them as their main dishes, they don't have a huge selection. Big beer selection though...
-They're supposedly family-friendly, but they don't have a kids' menu (although the regular menus are presented in old children's picture books), and the only kid-friendly thing on the menu is the plan flatbread/pizza (just mozzarella and sauce).
-The kids and I got there before my husband, so we ordered their cheese plate appetizer, which, for $10, consisted of: a 4" x 1/2" piece of Gruyere (including some rind that had to be removed, so it was smaller than that actually), a similar sized piece of something Swiss-ish, and a smaller piece of like a smoked Gouda or something--that was it for cheese. Then it had 4 small round pieces of bread, a handful of grapes, an incongruously large pile of walnuts, and a little pot of warm honey. Even for just one person it would have been pretty scant. But again--it was actually delicious!!
I think that's it. And like I said, the pizzas themselves were really yummy! I had one w/ red sauce, fresh mozzarella, 3 kinds of mushrooms, and super-crispy bacon. Hubby had one w/ several cheeses, figs, arugula, and some other stuff. And the 4-cheese w/ scallion one was good, too (no sauce). But apparently they don't encourage takeout because their oven is small and "our eat-in customers take priority." So, I guess so much for that.I have been hearing good things about earth bread + brewery and it lived up to, and exceeded, my expectations. the laid-back, earthy atmosphere of the restaurant makes for an enjoyable experience, and the beer and food were phenomenal. I highly recommend the beer & cheese soup - it's the best I've had - and all of the flatbreads are great. I had the garden flatbread and was satisfied - I ordered the full size and brought half of it home. the beers are great too, and only $5/$6.50 for 13/20 oz sizes. the service was a little bit slow considering the majority of what they serve is flatbreads.. but I am giving them a 5-star rating because all of their food is organic and homemade. I will absolutely be back!Bartender not so friendly and only 3 beers tapped.  No flights.  I don't get being a brewery and only having 3 beers.  Also the bartender acted as if we weren't here.  No personality.  No thanks.Stopped by to try the flatbreads everyone had been raving about and sample some of their beers. We split up a few different flatbreads after a hike in Valley Green where we worked up a good appetite. They did not disappoint. The beers were ok for the most part. They lacked some flavor, other than the ESB they had on which was quite tasty. Upstairs restaurant has a nice homey feel and the bar area is very nice. I would definitely stop by again next time I'm in Mt Airy.This is my local pizza joint. Yes, my life is hard. 
I go all the time and it's always good. I went recently, and unbelievably, it has improved. I had the Caveman. Wonderful.  My friend had the Southern Exposure, which was even better. Hers was better because they put coleslaw on it. How can that be bad? I'm sure you can tell that I am not a pizza purist. I'm all for unconventional combinations. 
By the way, one of the owners is a member of our local community garden, so that she has access to the best, freshest basil all summer long. That's commitment. 
Great, local, craft beer.  Many flavors. Also wine, which I prefer.This is good pizza. I won't call this flatbread, even though that's what it's marketed as. Despite cutting it into trendy rectangular slices it still looks and tastes like a pizza. 
I had the caveman 'flatbread', which is covered in an assortment of meats. It was quite tasty, and despite the numerous toppings all the flavors came together quite well. I really liked the crust, as it was a good blend of crispy and doughy textures. The sauce is forgettable, but since everything else comes together well it doesn't matter all that much.
On the day I went they had an interesting beer that was brewed with sorel mushrooms called Walls and Bridges. Never before have I had a mushroom beer, and really I might never again. It was an interesting savory flavor, the mushroom notes were heavy. The beer itself wasn't too dark or alcoholic, but due to the rich taste it's not a beer you could drink much of. I also had a pale ale that had been brewed with peppercorns. That beer was very average and therefore unremarkable, but at least it wasn't an unpleasant experience. They certainly get an A for effort in terms of their small brewery here, but I will have to try more brews to see if they tend to produce more good beer than bad.
I'll be back in the future for the pizza and beer here, because who doesn't like pizza and beer right? They do this classic pair well, even with their own little spin on it.not a lot has changed for the better at earth bread + brewery.  and you know, i live damn far away.  i think this marks my last uphill mt airy-bound bike expedition to source an increasingly-disappointing seed pizza (flatbread). 
first of all, the hostess, servers and food runners are dumb as bricks and they couldn't care less.  the hostess looked at me like i had two heads when i asked her to not sit us next to the 10-top of screaming, climbing munchkins.  why is earth bread + BREWERY so packed full of unparented children?  (see my last review from 3 years ago.)  common sense 101 for the hostess: a couple on a date does NOT want to sit next to little johnny's 5th birthday party.  i shouldn't even have to state this.  you have two floors.  make use of them.  
our server struggled so hard to open our wine i wanted to reach over and do it for her.  instead she took it to the bartender to open.  she also had no clue about the menu - it was obvious she'd never tried any of it.  really?  so we TOTALLY struck out with the hummus trio.  it was overly cold (too refrigerated), had zero flavor and not enough bread.  we also struck out on the special pizza - something autumnal, with brussell sprouts and squash, i think.  not i'm not sure: it was blackened to a crisp.  i was busy talking to my date when they sat it down; didn't look at it right at first so i didn't notice the char until i smelled it.  the burning smell caused me to look at our food, and realize we were served a black saucer.  we wanted to sent it right back, but no server or runner would make eye contact.  eventually it went back, and out came the manager with: our pizza is supposed to have the char bubbles; perhaps next time you can ask them to not cook it for so long.  oh get off it.  i know what a pizza is supposed to look like.  this one was 100% charred, including the squash, a pretty difficult vegetable to burn.  i should have dared him to eat it.  its replacement still came out too dark, but by that point we'd established that flavor combination just didn't work for pizza anyway, and called it a bust.  next up came our seed pizza, which was also too dark.  and i LIKE well-done pizza!   
our wine and food were long gone, and we were waiting for our bill forever.  it took so long, i just handed over my credit card without looking at it, before our server could disappear for another eternity (at this point, a table of kids had been seated next to us; we just wanted outta there).  she proceeds to keep my credit card for 20 minutes as i'm getting increasingly cranky and annoyed.  finally the card comes back - and she's charged me for the next table's food, not ours.  but she's off again, and i can't get her attention.  i looked at the bill, decided it was certainly less than what we'd spent anyway, signed it and went to sit at the downstairs bar for another drink and to give them time to realize and correct their mistake.  they never did.  they just have their shit together that little.
i'm giving them a break with two stars because they have a good concept.  the beers are good, wines are reasonably priced and good, and the seed pizza is good (though decreasingly so).  this place needs to examine their kitchen staff and just totally fire the entire front of house, with the exception of the downstairs bartender (pete?).  he was cool.  knowledgeable, friendly, excited about beer.  
anyway, overall - so, so, SO disappointing, earth bread + brewery.  i know you were one of the first fancy-topping pizza houses in the city, but with places like zavino and stella and nomad arriving on the scene... you've been outdone.Nice space. Good wine and beer selection. Yummy flatbreads with interesting flavors. I also had the special salad of the night (mozzarella & tomato), which was delicious and fresh. The service wasn't bad, but it wasn't great, either. I still plan to return.Well, it's been a while since I've commented on this place and I've been here a few times in the interim. In fairness to Earth, my opinion has softened and they've improved significantly over the last couple of years.
The beer's better. The staff have learned to be better servers. While I don't choose to go here regularly, I do think this place has its niche and it is a good addition to the neighborhood.
Very child friendly. Still reasonably priced. Not fabulous, but definitely good and continually working at it.We finally got to try this place after hearing about it for a while.  I was nervous because of all of the lackluster reviews, but I love flatbread pizza so I wanted to give it a try.  Our group had a really good experience and I'm not really sure why people are so negative.
The food:  We ordered a house salad, edamame, a large traditional pizza, a small seed pizza and a small sausage pizza to share between 4 people.  We all thought everything was really good.  I was nervous about the seed pizza being too seedy from the description, but it was excellent.  The traditional pizza comes with greens on top that may seem strange, but if you don't eat them with the pizza you're missing out.  The salad had a good amount of goat cheese and dried cranberries and could have had a few more pecans, but overall it was really yummy.  
The beer:  I had the house Saison and tried the porter.  I'm not usually much of a beer drinker, but they were both really good.  I agree with other posters that more explanations of the house brewed beers would be nice, as well as menus or a second chalkboard at the far end of the bar. I was surprised when I asked for a description of a certain beer that I wasn't offered a sample before ordering - usually most places will do that.
The service: Here's where I deducted a star.  Note to people who work in the service industry -  if you don't like dealing with the public, don't be a bartender.  After a chilly initial reception at the bar, the rest of the staff was pleasant enough, but they could step it up a notch on the hospitality front.
Overall I was impressed and would definitely go back again.  I agree they could have more options on the menu, but I would be happy to eat the same meal I had a bunch more times.Once again a wonderful evening at EBB!  Food is great and predictable and the beer is always on point.  Can't recommend this place more, please go and enjoy!best thing about this place is its laid back Mount Airy vibe -- definitely my favorite place to drink beer with my kids (the kids don't actually drink the beer ... you know what i mean).  seed pizza is my favorite -- pizza is very good, beer ranges from OK to excellent (get the French Farmhouse Ale) -- worth getting a taste before trying something new.Great flat breads & hummus.  Nice beer selection & tasty home made soda.Their pizza is insanely delicious and the environment is cozy sophisticated. The beer selection was perfect as well which included a lot of unusual beer selections. My waitress, Kasia, was really friendly and had a lot of excellent suggestions of food to try, too. This is my new go-to place to eat in Philly!Gotta be one of the best pizza places in Mt. Airy. Interesting combinations and flavors that make ordering a pizza fun! It's not heavy and the ingredients are top quality. We've been there twice with friends and we can't wait to go back again and again. Love it!!The "flatbreads" (looks like pizza to me) are pretty tasty...and they have a decent draft menu...its a good 2nd choice to McMenamins.I've only ever been here for breakfast on Sundays, and I've only ever eaten their breakfast flatbread. Now it's one of my favorite things ever. Their mimosas are really good, too.Grabbed a late dinner here on a Thursday . Casual ambience, we ate upstairs which I imagine could be loud if it was full. Nice waitstaff, attentative. We stayed right up to closing and they weren't trying to rush us out. We had the trio of hummus appetizer which were all delicious and flavorful, my only complaint is that for the amount of hummus (which was generous) there wasn't enough bread or veggies. I had the Continental flat bread which was sweet and bacony with the slight bitterness/ peppery flavor. Crust was thin and super crisp. Prices and service very reasonableEarth Bread + Brewery has a great rotating selection of beers - and many of them have an interesting creative element to them.  Other beverages include house-brewed sodas and sometimes kombucha.
The flatbreads are often even more inventive,  with so many different flavor combinations that I always have a hard time choosing one.I love this place.  The beer selection rotates frequently and they often brew styles of beer that aren't very common.  The flatbreads have a lot of creative toppings, and the staff are always super friendly.  I've been here well over a hundred times and have always enjoyed my experience.Great pizza and good beers on tap. While their pepperoni/sausage pizza was good, the nashville hot chicken was better by far. Incredibly unique pizza - the hot chicken would have been great alone too I'm sure!Have been to Earth a few times now, really enjoy the casual vibe here. Went last night with friends and was impressed, as usual. 
Ordered a cheese pizza and Cesar salad to share with my daughters. Others ordered the Vegan Thai pizza and another person with us ordered the mushroom pizza. Everything was good. 
They have their own list of pre made cocktails (I had a Cosmos; a vodka concoction, tasty!) wine and beer. 
The service was friendly and while a little slow, still very good. 
Love that they had a Science guy with a table to entertain the littles with us; gooey worm experiment and painting with shaving cream. Fun!