Very friendly staff. Husband had the oysters and loved them. Good beer selection. Must try deviled eggs if you like deviled eggs.I love u, EGG.
I don't often dream of veggie burgers, but when I do it's only of EGG's, with its topping of crispy plantains and buttery avocado. I want to curl up in a ball and live inside the duck poutine, too. It's a touch small/limited on seating, but other than that, this is a neighborhood favorite and a hidden gem.A friend and I wandered in here last Sunday while roaming the neighborhood in search of a quaint spot to grab a beer.  The place is very well done, a nice concrete bar, obscurely colored greenish walls, chalk board paint scattered throughout the place (bathroom included) & an awesome "egg themed" mural hanging above the windows & doors, (Yoshi made me smile).  
  The bartender/owner Brian was incredibly friendly & knowledgeable.  He talked us through his draft as well as bottle selection letting us taste a few, & pointed us in the right direction.  We did not touch the food this time due to the fact that we had just previously ate, but I will be going back to check out the weekly oyster special. 
  We were so impressed with the place we stopped back in a few hours later to pick up some beverages to go.  I anxiously anticipate trying their food.Try their brunch Tostada on weekends... You'll be so glad you did.I don't love the EGG, but also have a hard time finding major faults with it.  For happy hour, all beers are either $1 or $1.50 off, so it's not as good of a deal as it seems.  The portions for the happy hour wings are pretty small for the price too.  Mussels were decent however.  And with a raw bar as the main focus, at least one type of oyster should be buck a shuck from 5-7.
The staff at EGG is generally really friendly.  And the space it nice; I like sitting at the long bar and being able to look out those full windows at Girard Ave.  
Bottom Line: This is a fine place, but I wish happy hour was a bit better and the menu was more inspired.EGG Pub is one of my favorite spots in the City.   You can't beat it on price and quality of food.  EGG Pub made me fall in love with brussell sprouts!  They have some of my favorite salads on their menu, I love the arugula salad (I usually add chicken to get some protein) and in the summer they had this awesome grapefruit avocado salmon salad.  
I need to try brunch! I've heard great things about that as well.Came here on a Friday night for a friend birthday.  Although this place isn't really good for big party,  they were able to manage to put together a table up front to accommodate a party of 13 people. 
Our party pretty much order half of the menu.  For the dishes that I tried,  the one that really stood out for me was the fried cauliflower and brussel sprouts with bacon. The Mac and cheese was a complete let down.  The pasta that was used didn't seem like it was cook all the way through.  The cheese sauce was too soupy. 
Although I didn't tried the following dishes, my friends thought it was good: crab risotto,  hanger steak,  wings,  and mussels.  
I will definitely come back to this place again.A Hidden Gem on Girard! I went on Sunday for a hungover brunch and this place was great! You get a complimentary Bloody Marry or Mimosa with anything in the "Brunch" section that you order. The food was amazing, the staff were friendly. I was very impressed.Fun local place with very good food. The service was very excellent. Mac and cheese was very good as well. The steak and the salad were EXCELLENT! Great place and nice vibe!A real neighborhood gem in Fishtown. Often overlooked by folks who head straight to Johnny Brenda's and don't cross the street. This is our favorite weekend evening spot for a relaxing dinner out when no one wants to cook.
Good beer selection, friendly service and chill atmosphere. Rotating specials are creative, but we usually stick with the favorites: the EGG burger is always a winner and the wings are arguably the best in the city.An overall awful experience, poor service only because they were understaffed. One bartender taking orders and serving drinks in a crowded bar. The food took forever to come out, the apps were ok, ten dollars for the pierogies is a bit absurd though. The salmon burger was mediocre, and if it wasn't for the egg burger and the entire menu would be average at best. They say there are no mistakes only lessons, today's lesson is not to go back here.I haven't tried any food here yet, only came in for drinks one day.  I will say they don't have a very large selection of drafts, but they choose some good ones!  Beers are moderately priced.
The atmosphere felt intimate to me with some nice tables outside, a nice-sized bar, and a decent amount of tables.  We were sitting outside when it started to rain and thankfully there were plenty of seats inside, the bartender was also really nice and helpful moving us inside.
I will have to report back on their food, I will definitely be back to check it out.Why is this place always near-empty?  I pass it every day and they never seem to be even close to crowded... which is a shame, because they have solid food, a reasonably compelling beer list, and friendly staff.
They also decided to outdo their predecessor, Fathom, by installing air conditioning.  I fear that even with that improvement, the place may be short for this world.
If you're going to Johnny Brenda's for a show, EGG makes a great - and probably cheaper - alternative dinner spot.This place rocks. It is quite possibly the most underrated restaurant/gastropub in Philadelphia. Excellent nightly specials - including buck-a-shuck on Tuesday's, fantastic staff, and decent beers. Weirdly enough, their grilled grapefruit margarita is my favorite in the city!
Seriously though - the only reason I haven't reviewed them before is that I want this place all to myself!Was very impressed with this place. The food was great. My gf wanted the deviled eggs and I thought she was so weird but I'm glad we got them. They were excellent. Decent draft list. The food and atmosphere was the standout for myself. highly recommendThis is my favorite bar to hang out at. Food rules, staff is probably the best bar staff I've met in the city. I felt like a regular patron the 2nd time I went there. A really great place to go on a date but it also works as a place to grab a beer and catch the game to. When you want to just enjoy someone else's company, do it at the EGG and leave the noisy other bars in the area for everyone else.I tried out EGG for the first time on Friday and was blown away. I had the steak, which was cooked to utter perfection. My wife tried the red snapper and still hasn't stopped raving about it. Drinks were reasonable and tasty, and there was a good selection of craft beer. Absolutely looking forward to our next meal there.We walked in around 9:30 for a late dinner before a show at Johnny Brendas and there was space to seat us at a bar, or at a table...good start! Good beer list...second point. Friendly bartenders...well on our way!
From there on out we loved everything we ate: the corn and crab empanadas came with the most lovely and colorful bed of fresh mango and green/red peppers. Yum. The E.G.G. Burger was good, can't go wrong with a burger and fried egg on top. My friend's carnitas tacos looked great but they went so quickly that I couldn't try.
When I return I have my eye on the hangar steak...sliced up and decorated with a tempting sauce. 
All in all, a great spot in the Fishtown/Nolibs area that is within walking distance of the Frankfort Hall/Johnny Brendas scene.Came here for some happy hour bites and drinks. This place is relatively small, but cozy. I wish I could give this place better ratings, because everyone was so friendly, but truthfully, this place is just... okay. Nothing amazing, but also nothing wrong, except, MAYBE, for the limited menu. Had a few drinks, which were around $1 off, wings, and mussels. I would say their HH value isn't the greatest because everything comes out in much smaller portions. 
All in all, a nice place to pop by if you happen to be in the area, but not a place worth going out of your way for.Another trendy hipster joint with good food and great beer to add to the rotation! EGG is smaller than most places and because of this has a more intimate vibe. 
In the name of science, I tried a bunch of stuff from the menu. You're welcome. 
I had to see what these deviled eggs were all about...and I'm happy to report they were quite good! Not sure whose idea it was to make deviled eggs bar food, but I'm down! 
I tried the poutine also which was good. But Standard Tap has set the poutine bar so high that EGG's version didn't quite live up. But even a mediocre poutine is kick ass!
For the main event I tried a chili Mac and cheese that was on special. That was fantastic! Big enough to share too. 
To top it all off, the beer list is fabulous.  They had about 12 beers on a rotating draft list.  I can't wait to come back and see what kind of new beers and food specials are going in!I have no reservations in giving EGG 5 stars, this place is the best! While they have great weeknight specials I most frequently go there for Sunday brunch, and it is to die for. The food is definitely on par with Johnny Brenda's or any of Fishtown's most-hyped restaurants (the Steak Benedict and the EGG Basket are my faves but I haven't had anything on the menu that I didn't like) but is significantly cheaper. Plus, they give you a free mimosa or bloody mary with your meal, which is awesome for brunchers on a budget. When/if I tire of mimosas, their beer list is pretty extensive and they always have local offerings like PBC, Yards, and Dock Street.
The service is great too. While I'm sure that my often large & loud brunch crowd can get annoying, they always take care of us with efficiency and a friendly, laidback attitude. The food comes out quickly and I've never seen anything get screwed up.
The atmosphere deserves a mention as well -- it's comfortably laid out, they have cool lamps, they usually play good music, and if conversation dwindles you can always turn your attention to the banner over the entrance and see who can name all of the egg-themed pop culture references it features.
Basically I'm torn between wanting this place to get the business and recognition it deserves, and loving that there is never a wait to get a table when I go... but when I saw NO MENTION of it on Yelp's "Egg-straordinary Meals" weekly list thing I knew I had to leave a review.I took my mom here for dinner last night. We were both really impressed with the food. The empanadas, lettuce wraps and hanger steak were delicious. Well rounded beer selection .  Atmosphere was quiet and comfortable.Came when they opened. Had high concept "mixologist" drinks which were wonderful. On return visit, one person was making drinks and serving tables. Must not have known the drinks because ingredients were missing and drinks tasted like they had cheap mixes. Food was still good, if a bit conservative considering how interesting gastro pubs now can be in Philly.Sunday brunch is a must!!! I had the crab hash omelette and it was to die for!I love EGG! 
First, the service can't be beat.  The staff is friendly, fun and will go out of their way to make sure your experience is the best.  This is so refreshing, as I will no longer frequent any establishment that treats me like they're doing me a favor by taking my money.
My favorite dishes are their Lobster & Shrimp Empanadas and the Calamari dish.  I am also becoming quite addicted to their Deviled Eggs - trust me - it's not the stuff your mom made.
Overall, super friendly, comfortable and worth it!Been here twice after 10pm, food was awesome, wings, devil eggs, chicken sandwich, hanger steak, fries w/ garlic aioli all was very yum!!! Stop reading and just go!!! U WONT be disappointedFINALLY made it to EGG Pub after months of "wishing" and starring at glowing 4 stars on my bookmark list screaming, "go there! go there!"  And I'm glad I did! 
I arrived with 2 friends late on Friday night, around 11pm-midnight.  The bar was empty so we easily chose the bar stools front & center of the bar.  Immediately greeted by friendly bartender, poor guy was probably bored as hell with little patrons at the time.
Of course, I'm on my Yelp phone app, and bartender politely says "We don't give away free deviled eggs anymore for Yelpers" and I said no problem I still want to buy an order!  HOLY COW the deviled eggs were so amazing we ordered a 2nd round!!  The truffle on top just melts in your mouth.  We also had some oysters, which are reasonably priced here!  On Tuesdays they are $1 buck-a-shucks!  I had a veggie burger which was really good.  I wish the plantains were thicker cut and grilled, instead of a thin crispy cracker-like.  But overall a very good burger.  My friend's St. Lucifer Etouffee entrée was good, not the best he's had but above average.  My other friend had the special, a pretzel schnitzel with some kind of prosciutto on top, he scarfed it down like he hadn't eaten in years.  Overall, very good food, and those deviled eggs alone are worth coming here!  They are sinful.
Beer selection always changes, and unfortunately for me I think I caught them on a night of beers that are not particularly my style, however I did enjoy the DuClaw Chocolate Peanut butter stout.  I will come back, probably on Tuesday for $1 oysters, and when they have some other beers that I like to drink.My boyfriend and I have been searching everywhere for a deal on oysters and saw that EGG offered $1 oyster Tuesdays. Hell yeah! We drove out to Philly (which we often do, we looove dining in Philly) to hit EGG for my first time ever.
Place was packed, which was expected. They offer superb happy hour deals and combined with $1 oysters, I could see why the spot was popular. We found a table immediately, which was awesome. Our server greeted us and she didn't seem happy. The bad mood wasn't directed at us but it was present. She listed off their deals, I ordered my drink. When she came back, she took our order. My boyfriend ordered for us very clearly (we are both servers so we know how it goes), "A dozen oysters for each of us," he gestured at himself and then me to denote that we each wanted a dozen, "an order of mussels and an order of wings."
15 minutes pass and we get our dozen oysters. My boyfriend waves down our waitress to ask if the other dozen were coming. She looked shocked for a split second before answering, "They'll be out in a minute."
They weren't out in a minute. 25 minutes later and they arrived. After we finished, I ordered a glass of wine, anticipating our mussels and wings. However, Jenine (I learned our server's name from a friend, she never introduced herself) had different plans and asked us if we'd be ordering anything else. Noting that she obviously forgot the second half of our order, we said no so we could just leave and get some burgers at Standard Tap. 
Probably won't be stopping in for a long while after that experience, although the deals are great. Hope Jenine was just having a bad day and she doesn't treat all her tables like this!Small space which was good for a few beers and conversation... Enjoyed my time here. I had the chicken pot pie empanadas  which were delicious and my boyfriend loved their pork tacos. I'll definitely be coming back.We were there for brunch last Sunday and the Crab Hash Omelette was TO DIE FOR.  In addition, there staff is super friendly and very non-pretentious.For as crowded and crazy as Fishtown has gotten lately, this place is a wondeful, reliable escape from the constantly packed, loud places in the neighborhood. Great rotating draft list, and a small but delicious and creative menu. The servers and bartenders are super friendly and accommodating.The burgers were great, the atmosphere is awesome. Just not a fan of the undercooked, flavorless buffalo wing's.Ive been enjoying this place since it opened.  Having been there over a dozen times and I wish more people would yelp after they've tried a place more than once at least.  
Things I like about e.g.g. :
-It's small, you can hear your friends.
-The service is always good, the owners often work the place and they and the servers have always been super friendly and attentive.
-The food, it's affordable and really well made.  Fit for foodies on non-foodie budgets.  Their appetizers and sides alone are worth making a meal of. Their fried cauliflower is as good as Zahav's!
-The Beer, a good selection of craft beers and I love that they have a day where they offer a beer of your choice for free, if you order their very good burger.  Nice weekday deal!
-lots of outdoor seating, though I usually havent taken advantage of this due to weather, it's nice to have the option and off the beaten path.  Unlike some sidewalk dining options in the area, their tables aren't directly on Girard and there's a lot less foot traffic bumping into you.I've lived in the neighborhood and have always been on Girard for food & drinks but never got a chance to stop in the place, but I finally did and I am extremely "wow"ed by this place. My family and I went here for dinner & drinks on a Saturday evening for my mothers birthday. The man that helped us was extremely nice and very helpful. Everyone in our party (party of 5) absolutely loved their food (the EGG burger, the crabcake, the duck, and the wings), especially my aunt who had the duck. The man even gave us a complimentary dessert for my mothers birthday and she was thrilled. We stumbled upon this place (we stopped somewhere first but that place was hipster paradise and too busy to serve us) and I'm glad we did, and I will certainly be back.They serve Jack's hard cider, which is a lovely beverage and is produced here in Pennsylvania.  I am a fan of hard ciders, especially semi-dry ones.   I normally do not like veggie burger patties in the U.S., (I am spoiled with the ones in Britain)  but the veggie burger I ordered at EGG pub was most excellent, not as flavorful as the ones in Britain, but close.  Ingredients are very fresh.  I would order it again.  I was also tempted to order a special they were serving "Gnocchi with blue cheese and asparagus'   
Actually, there were quite a few things on their menu that I would have loved to eat, so I will definitely be back.can not say enough about this place. My absolute favorite.
EVERYTHING on the menu is amazing. You can not go wrong.
I am here at least once a week. LoveeeeeSo, I have a "last-meal" list just in case I am condemned to a death sentence.  The wings and grilled grapefruit margarita make that list. I dream of these!  
The bartenders are beyond friendly and the food delicious.  The beer list is unique and extensive. 
My favorite is that you can always find room and feel at home. A neighborhood gem!Tried this place last night for dinner and REALLY enjoyed it! The wings were amazing; slightly sweet and plenty spicy. Seriously good. I was a little disappointed by the menu though, which was totally different than what's listed online and I'd been intending on getting the shrimp lettuce   wraps, which were no longer there. Also, I had the deviled eggs and they were a little saltier than I'd expected, but the wings seriously made up for any other mishaps and I'd return for those alone!Small space with friendly and attentive service.
The food was absolutely delicious and the prices reasonable.  I had the cauliflower, deviled eggs (yum!) and arugula and spinach salad.  Friends had pierogies, lobster mac and cheese, and calamari and all reviews were rave.  Banana Nutella bread pudding sealed the deal.
Wish they had a few more vegetarian options, but here's hoping they add those as they hit their stride with the new menu.we went and had the deviled eggs, beef brisket perogies, pork tacos and a special of shrimp and ravioli. the deviled eggs were the best deviled eggs i have ever eaten. the perogies came out on top of mashed potatoes in a sauce that was delicious. the pork taco's were right on and the special shrimp and ravioli came out in a light beef broth that was delicious. none of the food needed salt. it was perfectly portioned. i want to go back and try the burger and the wings. 
the server was very attentive. the only downside is the place is super small. we got there early on a friday i want to say around 6. by 645 there were 3 groups of people waiting to be seated. we will definitely be heading back to try the rest of the menu.Had the hanger steak.  Was served cold.  Meat was very tough.  My companion's scallops were good, but portion seemed small.Deviled Eggs instead of bread? Sorry Aunt Kathy, but the deviled eggs here are definitely better than yours and a welcomed change from always getting a loaf of bread when sitting down at a restaurant. Went here with my fiancee a couple of weeks ago and the food was fantastic. I couldn't decide on what to eat so I asked the bartender to order for me. Every dish that came our of the kitchen was better than the last. The chef changes the menu seasonally so I will definitely be back again before he does....and then I will be back again after it changes. The service was great and the staff was really friendly which gave the restaurant a very welcoming atmosphere. It almost felt like I have been coming there for a couple years. I don't usually write reviews, but I when I do, it's about awesome food.great place, tasty food and memorable drinks, and very gluten free friendly!Stopped by the East Girard Gastropub for their Tuesday Buck a Shuck oysters special and drinks with friends. Apparently they have different varieties of oysters every week! They were fresh and came with all the fixins: cocktail sauce, some kind of French vinegar, various hot sauces, lemon, and oyster crackers. 
They have a decent craft beer selection, and the staff were really friendly. We also shared some amazing fried cauliflower with chili mayo. The people next to us got it, and the smell was enough to convince us to order some of our own. Their wings are a good size and have extra crispy skin. I can definitely see myself becoming a regular here!excellent mac n cheese. the seafood-heavy menu doesn't have much on it that i would order, unfortunately, but the beer menu stays ON POINT!Good, solid gastropub that I'd definitely come back for.  I had the grilled chicken sandwich and my husband had their burger.  Both were very good.  We also had the deviled eggs, which were a nice touch.  Prices were reasonable and staff was very friendly.  Can't think of better qualifications for a neighborhood bar.Went with friends the other night. Bartender was incredibly friendly and prompt, couldn't have been nicer. Beer selection wasn't huge but had a good variety. Food was OK, I tried the special but I think next time I might try something different. Music had a great selection on. I was surprised, when I first walked in, I thought it was going to be bigger, but the seats did have a nice view of the world going by.Never had a bad meal here. The deviled eggs  are amazing. Their oysters are delicious. I feel kind of stupid that i didnt know there were different  types of oysters until i went here.  Lol, I guess you learn something  new all time.  Their menu changes quite frequently  which is great because  i like to try new things.  The service is always wonderful.  Its very small in there not really great for large groups & gets pretty crowded in there.  Best time to try it is on a Tuesday or Wednesday night.This place is awesome and the staff is the best. They have the freshest and most reasonably price oysters around -- you can't go wrong with anything on their menu. 
My fiance and I love this place so much that we asked Ryan to shuck oysters for our wedding this past October. Ryan did an awesome job, gave us a super reasonable price, and was so great to work with through the entire planning process. He made our day even more special. Can't say enough good things.On a freezing cold Sat night in Nolib, this is a great spot for dinner and drinks!I enjoyed my eggs benedict with smoked salmon and their oysters. I will have to stop by during dinner hours to try their mussels. This place makes for a chill brunch spot.LOVE Egg! Would go here every day if I could. However that would in no way benefit my waistline this time of year! Another great neighborhood spot opening in fishtown.Deviled eggs, wings, egg burger all great. Best entree is the hanger steak, incredible every time.. Great staff and service, and a good music selection and atmosphere.I went to EGG last night after a few drinks at the Handle Bar. It was crowded when we arrived, but someone was leaving a table at the bar as we walked in, so it was perfect. The four of us had a few drinks and a few snacks. The beer selection seemed decent (but I'm not a big beer drinker) and the menu looked good. We ordered deviled eggs and calamari. I didn't have the deviled eggs, but everyone else seemed to like them and the calamari was interesting, with little mandarin oranges and a yummy sauce. 
My favorite part: The tables at the bar are giant chessboards so you can drink and play chess at the same time. Let me repeat that. You can hang out, have a drink and play chess. Winning combination. Bonus points for being walking distance to my house.
Oh, and the server was really nice and the bathrooms have chalkboard walls, which is kind of fun. Unless you're wearing a black sweater and accidentally lean on the wall while you're writing and get chalk all over your chest.  Who am I kidding? It's still fun.EGG Pub!
We blew through EGG pub really quickly a couple of weeks ago, but it made an impression.  For it's size, the menu is pretty interesting (brisket perogies, shrimp and grits with brussel sprouts).  Most importantly......  They have poutine!  Now, while this might not be a traditional way of serving the dish (duck confit, duck gravy, cheddar cheese curd, sunny egg), maybe it should be.  Adding duck to anything makes it better, egg too.  
This seems like a pretty quiet bar, and it isn't a huge place.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  
I'll be back to add more to this review.i had an amazing meal here yesterday !!!!        fresh well thought out ingredients !!!! friendly staff ! nice atmosphere !!!      exceptional food !!I go here all the time. They always have good beer on tap and the food is delicious. They usually have a dinner special of some type of seafood which is always done well.  I've never had anything at EGG Pub I did not like.lovely change over from the previous restaurant, not that i didn't like fathom, but the service was just mediocre at best. now that EGG has reinvented this corner, i feel they've stepped it up in terms of customer service & menu knowledge. 
rob really kills it in the kitchen & knows how serve up bangers n' mash, pierogies, & makes a delicious tacos carnitas....this place won't disappoint!My wife and I have been going steadily for about 4 years. This is he friendliest, warmest spot in Philadelphia. It is nice to be greeted , welcomed, and offered nice choices. Happy hour specials are really nice and the $1 oysters on Tuesday are great, A 'go to" spot any day of the week. Highest recommendation.LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Great neighborhood bar. Wonderful and helpful staff - everyone is informed and knowledgeable about the beers and food offered. The menu is always changing and offers a wonderful selection of delicious food (the chef is a genius!). I highly recommend their Scotch egg and their raw bar. Stop in an see what they have to offer you, you won't be disappointed.This is one of our favorite places in fishtown. Their brunch is amazing and you get a complimentary  mimosa or bloody mary. I have never had a bad experience,  everyone that works here is friendly. The food is all so delicous, especially the steak benedict!I found this place on yelp and my guest asked "you sure? I drive by that area daily, nothing nice over there." After we finished his comment was "we're coming back." 
The good:
Poutine. They forgot the cheese curds at first, but even without them, it was a solid Duck Poutine (though I've never been to Canada. ha.) 
Egg burger - ah-mazing. 2 words: onion jam. 
Beer battered scallops (special) - perfectly cooked, which isn't easy when frying scallops. Comes paired with a gnocchi & cauliflower cheesy dish.
Music! All good.
The OK:
Deviled eggs. Got them because of the rave yelp reviews, but they were ok. Certainly not the highlight.
The Thirsty - nice flavors, but needed more bourbon.
The Skip:
Mac & cheese - standout bad. 
Will definitely be back for oysters & wings.This is one of those places you hope other people don't find out about. This is like your favorite cousin who you only see once in a while but have the time of your life with when you do meet. Staff is attentive, polite and down to earth. The location is small, the music super cool and friendly, and the menu is not trying to be anything but chill. I really feel at home here and the time i have spent here has always been delightful. I usually get the hangar steak cooked rare with my bf and I've never been disappointed. Kudos to this place for keeping things simple and hiring staff that make me want to come back and invite friends!I love that there is another pub on Girard near Front St.  It's not too crowded or noisy and the food is very good.  The bar sits a little high (or perhaps the stools are short?) but if that's my only complaint, I'm ok with that.  The bartender is always friendly and approachable and I love that the beers on tap expand beyond the usual Troegs, Yards, PBC and Victory that seem to be on every beer list in Philadelphia.Halfway through my grilled chicken sandwich I said, eyes bulging and tummy satisfied, "This is totally a five- star experience."
They don't come around too often these days, do they? Great service, great food, great atmosphere. EGG has it all.
First let me start with happy hour: $3-5 drafts, $5 wine, $2 off cocktails. $5 mussels, $5 wings. Damn! I had a glass of shiraz, Zack had a beer and we split a bowl of mussels, which came out steaming in one of the better broths I've had lately. The mussels were covered in garlic, breadcrumbs, and chopped tomatoes.
Oh, did I mentioned the oysters? $1 oysters, ALL DAY on Tuesdays. We had five. 
I got the grilled chicken sandwich, Zack had the pork tacos. While Zack was impressed with the amount of meat on each tortilla, he did note they were lacking in flavor. Not to worry, tabasco to the rescue. My sandwich, however, knocked it out of the park.
There are few things on this earth that give me more palatal pleasure than a slice of potato directly from the deep fryer. These fries were PIPING hot, the oil still glistening off each one. My sandwich, which was grilled chicken with spinach, artichoke hearts and goat cheese on a brioche bun, was equally as fresh. The chicken was so tender there was juice dripping all over the plate. The meat: bun ratio was spot on and I wasn't left with half a chicken breast hanging off the end of the roll. You know how that happens.
The music was great- Fleet Foxes and other indie rock bands played softly in the background. The pub itself was cozy and quiet. There was also a TV, in case anyone's looking to watch some sports. 
I will be back. Looking to try the burger next time.this is a true hidden Gem in the now over crowded market that is the corner of Girard and Frankford.  Great establishment, the burger is delicious, as are the muscles, chicken wings (small portion that is made up by their excellency) and the raw oyster bar. The staff is always friendly and give it the vibe of the place being a cool locals hangout. So if you are tired of the Bro-verflow of Johnny Brenda's and Frankford beer hall I suggest the egg.We went here for my dad's birthday. I'm not sure what our servers name was but he had a beard. He was extremely attentive and accommodating. He even brought us a dessert with a candle in it when we told him it was my dad's birthday. Superb food!!! Will definitely come back!this place is the type of spot that everybody wants to live around the block from.  I was there for the first time last night and it was excellent.  Got the E.G.G burger and I'll be honest it was one of the most deliriously prepared things I've eaten in a while.  The egg was cooked perfectly and so was the burger medium and juicy and pink.  I'm daydreaming about it now as I type this out.i like this place. good selection for a somewhat limited menu. everything ive ever had was pretty solid. 
i probably enjoyed the burger the best out of everything ive had. actually i didn't like the mussels too much one time, overcooked and a little too fishy. chicken wings have a nice crisp but can be a little on the sweet side. actually really enjoy that cauliflower dish even though the color is very off-putting. 
i like the size and the staff, even though it seems to be primarily pittsburgh fans for some reason...
i do miss when this place was fathom seafood house for that one summer or so though. really enjoyed that menuGreat little place we stumbled upon by accident on a Saturday night.  I had the grilled chicken sandwich, which was amazing - I substituted aged provolone for the goat cheese and I loved it.  The fries were awesome, piping hot and seasoned well - not a single one went uneaten.  I had the chardonnay, which was a healthy pour in a large glass. My date had the hangar steak with roasted potatoes and brussel sprouts and said it was delicious. He started out with the Manhattan Clam Chowder, which was full of shrimp and had whole clams on the side.   
The atmosphere was very cozy - I could actually talk to my date without screaming over obnoxious bar music.  We'll be back.Ate there Friday night and it was excellent. Went there cause Johnny Brenda's was too crowded. EGG was crowded and we sat near the door but  wasn't a bad table. The menu  had good variety with everything was steaks to good seafood selection. Ordered Oysters to start and they were excellent. its nice to have a place near by with a good raw bar. The calamari was also great. Wasn't overdone and had Tangerine slices in it as well which was nice addition. My entree was the hanger steak and I am big fan of Johnny Brenda's hanger steak but Eggs was much better. Our entrees took a while to come out but other than that everything was great.This place is awesome. Went last night with my girlfriend and her mom and her man. Raw oysters: fantastic. If you're into raw oysters they do them well. Really fresh and they had east and west coast options. I got the EGG burger, it was perfect. My GF got the bangers and mashed and she loved it. Her mom got the tacos and said they were great and her man got the hanger steak whih was perfectly cooked and delicious. We started with deviled eggs whih were just OK to me and the calimari was good too. We finished with banana bread pudding and nutella, awesome. 
They had an excellent beer selection on tap as well as in bottles and if you have an iPhone you can get the apple remote(free) and control the music. Search through the whole library and then your song comes up on the queue. It's free and no one can skip your songs like on a traditional juke box. I thought that was an awesome feature and it kept us pretty occupied looking through and finding songs to play next. Needless to say we're going to frequent this place pretty often.Reasonably priced, and a great selection of beer. 
And holy crap, I would recommend getting the mussels! I have never in my life had mussels as good as the one's served here. 
Definitely looking forward to heading back to this little Fishtown place.Low key gastropub in nolibs with excellent food, a good rotating craft selection, and good whiskey choices. The owner is great and enjoys a good conversation about wrestling. Everyone should stop here.So we bought a Groupon and were excited to check this place out. Let's start off by stating that this place is SMALL. We went on a Sunday night and there was no crowd. A few decent selections on tap but whatever it was I ordered (I completely forget what it was) had to be sent back as it was flat and skunked. Settled on a Walt Wit and it was all better. Started with the wings. The entire wing was presented and the skin was rubbery. The sauce was meh. On to the Lobster and Crab Empanadas. First question was where is Lobster. We had just had Empanadas at Cantina a couple of days earlier and there was no comparison. Next the Lobster Mac & Cheese. Neither of us really enjoyed it. The best part of the meal was the Oyster Po'Boy. Oysters breaded and fried perfectly. It was the highlight of the meal. Service was fine and the chalkboard walls in the bathroom were fun. We might stop in for a drink and oysters on the half but I first impressions and all......Last weekend, I decided to stop mourning the loss of Fathom Seafood and go to EGG for brunch. I wanted to hate this place out of sheer bitterness but I have to admit, my brunch was awesome. I cant' speak for dinner for yet, but everything we ordered for brunch was great. 
I had the crab hash with a sunny egg which was fantastic. I couldn't stop eating it. Everything went really well together and even better with a bit of ketchup. Next time I go back, I will definitely order the sunny eggs over grit cakes. My friend ordered it and it looked awesome. 
That aside, the atmosphere was easy going our waiter was amazing at refilling our waters which was absolutely necessary after the Saturday night we all had. I appreciated it more than he probably knew. 
All and all, I really loved my brunch and will absolutely go back in the future. I still miss Fathom, but EGG has given me hope that I may just get over that void in my life.Not really 4 stars, more like 3.5.  Went there last night with a group of friends, 6 of us total, and we scored the best table in the house, the big booth in the back of the pub with the super cool glass egg pendant hanging above.  Five out of five stylish lighting accessory stars.  Even in a small bar, it's nice to have some tables to fit larger groups.   
The service there is excellent.  The waiters were friendly without being overbearing.  Our water glasses were refilled constantly and we never waited for another drink.  
The wine I got was good, with a nice pour, served in an enormous glass.  There's nothing worse than getting a stingy pour of wine.   It was a bit pricy though, I can't remember which red I got but it was $11 per glass.  For the neighborhood, possibly a bit overpriced??
The menu seemed ok.  As a vegetarian, I have to say, I'd never return, based on the food choices alone.  I KNOW, I KNOW, there are plenty of other places in the neighborhood to go if I want to have vegetarian choices.  BUT sometimes your meat eating friends invite you out to eat, and sometimes you want to go with them.  Most of the time, I'm dining in mixed company, so I'm used to it, but it really wouldn't kill this place to have AT LEAST ONE vegetarian appetizer (that isn't the salad) and ONE entree.  Seriously, besides the salad there are none.  C'mon EGG, you're right between Fishtown and NL - know your audience.  PUT AT LEAST ONE VEGETARIAN ENTREE on your menu.  I know all chefs hate vegetarians, blah blah, but you should.  
I got the spinach salad, which was good, nice crispy spinach and a good amount of blue cheese on top.  Then I got the SIDE of mac and cheese, because the entree mac and cheese had lobster in it.  It was ok, not really memorable, but not bad either.  I'd give it 3 out of 5 mac and cheese stars.
The music was kind of interesting.  I named it The Emo Depressing Song mix.  I'm not saying that most of those songs aren't on my ipod, because that would be a lie, but it's just not really Saturday night bar music?  Again, I'm not saying I wasn't singing along in my head to most of them. but it could be a bit of a downer to some.This is my favorite spot in all of Philadelphia. I constantly try to find new places, and always end back up at EGG!
Their menu is petit, but everything on it is delicious! I always try to get here on Tuesdays for their buck-a-shuck oyster special. Their oyster shooters are also amazing. 
On top of a nearly perfect menu (and execution), the staff is friendly and attentive. They never forget to get you a refill! And they are very helpful when it comes to the beer menu. 
Speaking of the beer menu, they have an awesome one! There's a lot of rotations, but all the choices are great! It's usually hard to decide what to order because of how good all the beer is!
Overall, this place is my favorite, and I only first tried it less than at year ago. 100% recommend! You won't be disappointed.We have been meaning to check out this pub/restaurant since it opened and we finally got down there this weekend for dinner. Great food, nice beer selection, service was attentive, music was pleasant (classic rock). Dining room is on the small side but we were seated immediately. 
I checked in with yelp and got a free order of deviled eggs! They were tasty!
I had the hanger steak with chimichurri sauce, roasted fingerling potatoes and asparagus. The steak was cooked perfectly and the sauce complemented it perfectly. Potatoes were buttery and asparagus was still a bit crisp but tender.
BF got the Egg Burger, which came with a sunny egg on top. He normally scoffs at eggs on a burger but this time he really liked it. The burger was juicy and had all the things he loves on it - bacon and cheddar. 
Overall a fun experience and we'll definitely be back.So my boyfriend and I came here for dinner last night because I had a coupon from my Philadelphia City Dining Cards pack. I read some reviews on Yelp and thought it would be great bar food before the concert we were going to. I had asked my coworker, who lives in the Fishtown area, if she'd ever been to the bar before and if so, was it any good? Well, I should have taken her advice. Her response was "It's OK, but I'd go somewhere else".
Don't get me wrong, the drink selection was great and the music was pretty on point the whole time we were there -- aside from the fact that it was coming from someone's iphone and the internet was being "tricky" so the songs kept cutting out. It definitely felt like some sort of awkward house party and we were the first ones there to arrive.
Anyway, my boyfriend ordered a cocktail for his first drink and while it was REALLY delicious, there was lipstick on the glass. When we pointed it out to the bartender, he apologized, took the drink back behind, "wiped" the rim of the glass and gave it back to my boyfriend. The glass STILL had some lipstick residue on it. Come on, man.
Then we got our food. I ordered the deviled eggs and muscles, and my boyfriend ordered the crabcake appetizer and the burger. I should have gotten what he got... He was happy with his meal (I tried his crabcake and it was pretty good, aside from the bit of shell I got), that's what you get for ordering what a place is famous for. My deviled eggs were alright, but I make them a lot on my own and they were nothing in comparison to what I'm used to. I just wasn't impressed. And the muscles were actually really big and plump and the sauce was delicious. But then about 3/4 of the way through eating them, I found a hair in the bowl. I just couldn't catch a break. 
Long story short, if I was ever to go back again, it would be just for the drinks. And maybe I'll ask them to keep my beer in the bottle :/