I came here with my daughter when they first opened and I must say, I was overall pleased with my experience. My server was very friendly, which is always a plus, and was very attentive to refilling our drinks without us having to ask. The wings selection is great; however, it can become a little overwhelming when adding all of the flavors and spice levels that they offer. The Long Island Iced tea was a bit watered down, but not awful. Being as though they had recently opened, the manager came by everyone's table to ensure guest satisfaction and did so without being annoying, as people are there to eat and not talk to staff all night. If you aren't familiar with the area, it can be a little hard to find as it is located in a former store front and is situated between a Shop Rite supermarket and a game stop store.What a great surprise to find this place. Thought it was going to be a take out wing place but it's a real restaurant with a bar. Food was great and the service was outstanding. Definitely coming back with friends for drinks next time!A buddy of mine took me here after raving about how good their chicken wings are.  Beings a chicken wing lover and having tried numerous wing joints from the original  Anchor Bar in Buffalo NY to Planet Wings in Newark NJ, I was skeptical at best to assume that a chicken wing restaurant in Philadelphia would satiate my addiction to those tasty drummettes and wingettes.  
Holy sh@t!!!!, was I surprised!  This place is AWESOME!!!!  Their wings are perfectly fried to maintain that crispy exterior and to nestle all that juicy goodness inside. 
In fact, it was so tasty that I asked the bartender about their wings and found out that they only fry FRESH wings and not the typical frozen wings that everyone else fries.  In addition, this place is one of those rare wing joint that correctly advertise the heat level. (So annoyed at trying other places Hot and Suicides only to get mild....)
This place has a cool sports bar decor with a hint of family and best of all, ITS CLEAN!
The only problem I had was picking which sauce to order since they had so many choices multiplied by heat level.  
Smart since it will only make me go back to try them all.  
Making my mouth water just thinking about it.Truly disappointing. For a place with "wings" in its name, the wings are average at best. Actually, they're below average, because I can think of at least a dozen places where the wings are so much better. 
The boneless wings are 85% breading and tiny.; and frozen. The burger is just a thin, McDonald's like frozen patty. The fries are battered shoestring like so many other BARS. 
The highlights are the fresh string beans, and the chili; my wife loved them both. 
All in all, nothing worth making a return visit.Was seated immediately. However, took another twenty minutes for "a server to find us". Ciani I think was her name. Had an attitude taking our orders. Waited a while for our food. Another server bought out our food which was cold, and informed us that he's taking care of us the rest of the evening. He was wonderful, which was the only redeeming factor of ECW, hence why another star. 
Looked over, see our former server rendezvousing by the bar. That's nice I guess. Probably not coming back, terrible service and mediocre food, probably taste better if it was hot. So disappointed because had such high hopes from other reviews.
Edit: our server's name was Xavier. Thank you for being so polite and accommodating. If I were to ever return. I'll definitely ask for you!
---------
Update: manager contacted us to revisit. I appreciate when management cares about their patrons, hence bumping the review from two to three stars. Will make another when revisit. Hope all goes well!First time being here.. Loved the food and the service.. Looking forward in coming backOrdered a delivery from this place. 
Wasn't up to expectation. 
Everything was soaked in oil- the wings, fried shrimp.
See ya never.My favorite place to go they always have amazing service and never let me down. The best thing is the NachosGreat wing spot with seemingly endless options for sauces and variety of heat levels. If wings is what you want, this place delivers. My personal favorite is the "Kamikaze" sauce. Do yourself a favor a ask for their lava ranch, it's excellent. And if you are daring enough, they even have an extremely hot wing challenge. The waiters actually give you gloves to eat it with. 
Their other options are just average. I've had several of their burgers and sandwiches. My favorite is the chicken sandwich which you can ask for any wing sauce added into it. A few of their appetizers are pretty good as well, the southwest eggrolls being my fav. 
The restaurant is large and accommodating to big parties, has a full bar, and TV's everywhere. The noise level can get pretty high but what did you expect?Sam did a great job as our waitress tonight! Prompt and on point! Regulars and will be back soonFor a Saturday afternoon it wasn't busy at all, barely any customer. Service was great, everyone greeted you with a smile and proper attitude! food came out quick which is a plus, we got the wings two flavors mango habanero and Korean BBQ but they bought out honey BBQ instead (which was okay) we Also got the classic club with fries and the traditional philly steak(cheesesteak) with chips, they were but okay maybe less then okay, lacking flavor and crispness. The fries and chips were both soggy, everyone was just lacking flavor except for the wings which was a pretty good size and there are so many flavors to choose from. I will go back only for the wings.Service was outstanding .... Shrimp appetizer was tasty and abundant .... Salad was fresh and all the veggies were chopped.....BUT the best part was the wings. Fresh ...never frozen and over 50 flavored to choose from. Definetly will be backGot a take out order for wings for my husband and I - after reading a few reviews about them being "chewy" we requested them to be well done and were very pleasantly surprised! nice size wings with a HINT of flavor (if you like saucier wings, you may want to ask for extra) and perfectly fried...will definitely be back. Looking forward to dining in and getting them fresh!Good neighborhood place when the only other place to eat is Applebees. Decent menu and good service. Good to go with kids or watch a game. Good selection of wings. We are hooked on the boneless grand cayman. They are in a creamy garlic sauce with lemon and garlic. Sandwiches are good. Great kids meals and most of all pretty reasonable.We have ordered take out from East Coast. We were so happy to have another restaurant around the area. However, every time we order pick up, they mess up our order. Either they forgot the cole slaw or provided the wrong flavor for the wings. The food is good enough so we keep going back but every time, we expect something to go wrong.Was disappointed heard the rave about this place the hamburger was overcooked with wilted lettuce wich was like mush..... my buddy got the boneless wings wich ok but more breading then meat. The server was polite and prompt but overall would not return or recommend didn't wanna even put this up but was disappointing all aroundI am really disappointed with my meal tonight.  I ordered boneless grand cayman wings and there wasn't as much sauce as usual. Bottomless chips were really soggy, some inedible.  I ordered a turkey club and the tomato on it was cut so thick I couldn't even eat it on the sandwich. My wife ordered a chicken parm flat bread and it was more sauce than chicken or mozzarella cheese.  Noel our waiter was not consistent and kept forgetting to refill my drink.  Normally, the food and service are pretty decent, tonight was just not good. I'm hoping this isn't how it's going to be because this was a good and reasonable place to get a quick bite.i visit this area often, this is a great addition to this neighborhood!
the extensive menu is typical for this kind of fare but everything we had was fresh, the wings were top notch, salads were amazing and the burger was solid.
the service was extremely friendly and attentive, drinks were reasonably priced. 
a great date, family or sports viewing place, didn't see any large groups but it looks like the space can easily adapt for that.I ordered on Uber eats so no review on service....The food was ready pretty fast. Wings we're OK...I would eat there again...My only real negative is that my fries tasted fishy like it was time to change the oil in the fryers...Other than that I would say not my favorite but I'll eat there again I'm sure.Looking to try a new local spot we ventured to this restaurant. Immediately greeted by a cheerful host and say at a booth with electrical outlets. This is a first because I don't know many restaurants that offer this and in a technological society we live in today outlets are gold. We then met our amazing server Bobby (Bobby I love you). Since this was our first time he helped us make selections. The wings are amazing I had the spiked bourbon street and they were so good. The flavor was present and spice not too overwhelming. They had 5.00 margaritas specials and they were strong. Definitely coming back and trying other items on menu and wing creationsSo my husband and I decided to try this place after picking up an order for uber eats one night. We grabbed a menu and saw how many different sauces there were for the wings and were super excited...however the experience did not match our excitement. We got the wing flight that came with 25 wings with five different sauces. We got the bang bang, chipotle, honey barbecue, sweet barbecue, and chipotle honey barbecue. We didn't particularly like any of them. The wings were drowning in sauce and were soggy. I honestly think buffalo wild wings was better and that is not saying much. We also ordered the bottomless homemade potato chip basket with lava ranch sauce. Those were pretty good. We got one soda as well and the bill was over $45!!! Way too expensive for the poor quality of food we received. Don't think we will be returning any time soon.If you want to know what it's like to be reborn as a fire breathing dragon then order the insanity wings.  The flames will lick your face for hours.  Um. What a treat.  The best wings you can find anywhere. A zillion ways to have them too.Ordered a much needed Bloody Mary and usually when I finish a drink using the straw I can taste at least some of the alcohol but this was like a virgin Bloody Mary which was a waste.  I would of possibly gotten another drink but wasn't asked if I wanted anything else and I didn't trust that I'd actually get any alcohol in whatever mixed drink I was thinking of ordering lol 
It's nice that they have a lot of wing sauces to choose from along with added heat options and the Teri jalepeno wings came out pretty fast but that should be expected since the place was empty
I'm never out this way and while the bartender was cute and nice and the draw of the many wing sauces may be nice, it's unlikely I come out here anytime soon lol.  Unless they start making strong dunks but even then there's other places to go haThe potential is there but it fell short.  We ordered the dry rub Cajun garlic and harvest Apple wings along with a side of fried dill spears.   
The dry rub chicken tastes like chicken.  The seasoning was nonexistent.  The harvest Apple wings, while the sauce had good flavor, the wings were chewy.  They probably should have been fried harder.
Lastly, the fried dill spears, I liked them, but I am used to beer battered.  One problem, I asked for the honey bourbon sauce and did not receive it.
Overall, the decor and staff were really nice and one young lady was extremely helpful by giving us a menu that actual describes the flavors of the sauce.  
I would definitely try it again because the atmosphere was great and it is very close to my home.I love this place great wings the customer service was great today is my birthday and me and my husband wanted something different so I said east coast wings the food was amazing and the south western egg rolls OMG.this is better than wing stop i am forever a customer. Next time I am eating in.The wings were good, the way you order the flavor sis confusing but I happened to pick what I wanted. The food wasn't ready when the online ordering system said it would be. Had to wait an extra 20 minutes once I got there. If be willing to give it another tryCame here for some wings with a few friends. The waitress was very nice and attentive did a great job, but our food took over an hour to come out. When it did arrive, some of the orders were cold, not correct, & some still not complete. The place wasn't even crowded. Food was good when it arrived correctly. Bring a snack to munch on while you wait.....This is a chain, so I imagine there isn't very much deviation from place to place. I had the burger. It was great. They only make the burgers "well-done" but the waitress put a note in that I wanted medium. It came out medium. The sides were good. Had a hankering for a burger so I didn't try the famous wings but the selection looked interesting.  
But I can't give a good review to a chain with poor service. The service was friendly, but slow and generally unattentive. It just shouldn't take 20 minutes to see a waitress after being seated. And it wasn't a busy night by any means. Not sure what was up with that.I have been to East Coast Wings several times since they opened.  I have nothing but good things to say.  Food is excellent (Garlic Parm wings good)  Sampler platter yummy.  I will be going back again.  Cant wait to try something else.  Staff is very friendly and the manager walks around asking if everything is ok.I had the chicken salad for free because my birthday is this month and they sent me a free$10!! Sorry I wasn't able to take any pics of the salad because I devoured it, lol. It had grilled chicken with their hot buffalo sauce, green peppers, cucumbers, tomatoes, cheese, bacon and tortilla chips. Yum yum! I'll be back for the wings soon for sure.The service is great, good wings, drinks are a reasonable price and ice cold. Burgers are good made to order...I'll will be back again. Thanks guys!Showed up for take out and it coincidentally was 65 cent wing day. We ordered lemon pepper dry rub (good but don't get the virgin-not enough flavor), the garlic Cajun medium which was amazing, and the bacon ranch was 'eh.' Very nice service and the girls were very hospitable. Wait time wasn't bad. Lots of choices (I can't wait to taste the other flavors- they have 75 of them!). The establishment looked clean and inviting. Would love to stay and drink and eat at the bar if I didn't have my kids with me. I wish there was a location in the northeast. Totally coming back for more.The food and service was fantastic all around.  There are a lot of choices on the menu beyond wings including many salad choices.  I had the lava blossom which was a fairly standard onion blossom and mango habanero wings which were delicious.  They were decent size wings, juicy and flavorful.  They have a great beer selection with many micros in addition to the expected regulars. I'll be back for sure.First time here the drinks are great so is the food.  So inexpensive but great food, friendly and very fast service, clean nice vibe to the restaurant.  Am definitely going again.Our first attempt to eat here resulted in us walking out after 10 minutes without service or acknowledgment. (Midday Monday)
We decided to give it another try (Friday night). 
The mozzarella sticks were overcooked but still edible. The fried mushrooms were overcooked and hard. They were also pretty spicy which was never mentioned by our server. 
The ribs/wings platter with a side of mac n cheese was good according to my boyfriend. 
I got the patty melt burger with fries.  The fries were overcooked. The burger was just ok. 
The salads however are quite large and delicious! I would definitely go back for a salad! 
Our waitress told us that the mushrooms were removed from our bill - as we didn't eat them - however upon receiving out bill....the mushrooms were still there. 
*side note* this food ran right through me :/This place has amazing food. Fresh and meaty wings. And 75 different flavors? Wow!!! Tried the honey bbq and i can see why it's a fav. Can't wait to try the other flavors and the new menu items coming out in the fall. Service was spot on as well and it was a really busy night.If you enjoy wings, this is your place. Tremendous quantity of sauces and dry rubs with your ability to dial in the heat to your liking, what's not to love? Plus there is a good variety of other meals; for instance, my girlfriend loves the ahi salad. And one of my faves, funnel cake fries, is a great choice for dessert (if you have any room left!)Wings were good. Wish they were bigger though.  The booths have sockets to connect usb cord for charging which is good. Since place is new waiters really don't know anything bc when I asked questions they kept having to ask mgr. A lotttt of diff Wing choices. I'll be backOur 2nd time there and the experience was great... Today we celebrate my new job .. We decided to go here the bartender was great she was very friendly and professional.. I notice that when she saw that the customers were okay with food and drinks she found something to do.. Keeping herself busy.. Looking forward once again to return!Delicious wings some of my favorite in the city I also really like there pub pretzels and they have good drinks they're a little expensive but worth it I also like the environment it's welcoming.I've been here a few times which service was great but till last night. I had Danni as a server and she was awful!!! Avoid her at all cost. I asked if she had any ciders on the menu she looked at me like I asked if I asked a difficult question. I finally gave an example of a cider like angry orchard and she said she didn't know. I just figured she was new. I understand if she was if she didn't  know your menu. It took 20 minutes for beer which the restaurant was dead, when we ordered she kept cutting us off before I could say what I wanted. I had a feeling that she got our order wrong. When our food came out I had to send back the wings cause she gave me the wrong flavor when I said the flavor I wanted she looked at me again saying we don't have that flavor, I processed to say what section it was in and then she responses was oh we may not have that flavor and more. If you don't have that flavor why is it on your menu and also then tell me. I got any attitude when I corrected her about her getting my order wrong, when she went in the back to find out if they had the flavor I wanted it magically came out. So she lied cause she messed up, just own up and say sorry about that. My boyfriends order was wrong as well so she clearly just wanted to order what ever she thought fit for us. It took us to ask her to give us another round of beer after our food was given to us like half way through. That took 20 minutes to get another beer. Then when she came to clear 10 minutes later she just threw the check down and walked away. That to me is rude, she didn't ask if we wanted anything else nor asked us how our wings were. I didn't ask for the manager because I hope this review gets back to you and you review this helpful review to your staff. The reason I gave three stars because of the past servers, one dud should not effect the other great servers you have on staff.First time in this place, and I decided to eat a little dangerous, got the volcano sauced wings and they were absolutely banging !!! Fantastic customer service, the manager was really cool and on top of everything!!! Highly recommended. The service in here is great  will definitely be back !!!I'm torn writing this review.  I see potential and a possible better review if a few things were tweaked.
Food was excellent, no complaints.  Prices a little high for some things but the quality was good.  Great wing choice.  1/2 price appetizers after 9pm (however there are very few options).
The music was such a downer.  Every song was slow.  It wasn't just us, others looked like they could fall asleep too.  My suggestion would be to try something upbeat to keep people there.
The customer service...hmmm.  This is the hardest part.  Everyone was nice.  But not attentive.  We had to ask for silverware and napkins (we had a variety of items) after our food came out.  Food took approx. 30 minutes to come out which seemed like a long time (they weren't super busy when we placed the order).  We had to waive them down to get a drink.  And waive them down to get the check.  Nobody asked if our food was ok.  One guy was working the entire bar area which had several tables and the bar.  I shouldn't have to apologize for needing assistance, but did several times because he was busy.  Maybe we will try again.  Not sure if we will dine in though, maybe just get take out.First time going there today since my friends say it's good. The costumer service were great and make sure you got everything. But the food was alright I expect the food will WOW me. I'll still come back and try some other food.I'm a wing fanatic and I was skeptical at first but man o man the wings here are terrific.  Wings are fried so crispy and so many sauces to choose from.  They have wraps and salads for the others who want more healthy choices although I haven't tried it but my girl friend loves the salads.  Also a great place to gather to watch football on Sunday's with ice cold beers and full bar.  The flat screens are plastered everywhere and the vibe is great for families as well.  When it gets busy I understand I might have to wait a few extra minutes but the food and drinks are well worth it and the price is fair as well.  I'll be back for sure.Oh my! The service was slow and our server didn't know the menu. The wings were not anything to shout from Aramingo Ave. about .  The place has only been open a few months, so I hope things improve. The owners have a vision, you can tell they care because of the money they poured into the place. I may return only if someone else is paying. Sorry East Coast Wings.We ordered through UberEATS and the menu was great, the presentation and food was excellent. Dragon platter was delicious with a little kick too, great flavor.None of the food is made fresh, all of the food is straight out of a bag, thus why they have such a big menu. I asked my weight tress for a medium well burger, she said they could only do well done. (Once again because the burger is froZen out of a bag). The Burger was like a hockey puck between two buns. We also got the BBQ wings and they sauce didn't taste anything like real BBQ. They half ass everything there. The Waitress was nice though. If you want a good laugh head to east coast.Got the wing flight and tried the mango coconut, teri ginger garlic, spiked bourbon and Cajun garlic (dry rub).  The bourbon and teri ginger garlic sauce was pretty good, but the wings themselves were over cooked. The dry rub was laughable, just seasoning thrown sloppily over the wings. Drinks were nothing special, but nice place to watch a gameNot really that great... the wings weren't anything exciting and the flavors left us desiring more because they weren't that good. Definitely too expensive for the quality of food. Unfortunately I would even say I'd go to Buffalo Wild Wings before coming back, and that's saying a lot. I was very excited for the huge selection of wing flavors, but quantity definitely trumps quality here. Not worth your time or excessive amount of money!Really good wings here nice crispy crunch and delicious taste & close to home so im hookedStaff, service and food are great! 2nd time here and we got the same waitress. Super friendly and she remembered us from the first time we were here. Our service was great, the place looks nice and clean. Anywhere you sit is great for watching your favorite sports on TV. Great place for family lunch/dinner or happy hour with friends!The staff is beyond nice. From the moment you walk in the door you're immediately greeted by a very welcoming host/hostess. When you're seated at your table they tell you the name of your server. Each one we have had again has the same happy accommodating demeanor. Great drink specials. The food is really good with a ton of flavors for wings. We get the flight of 25, where you can try up to five different flavors at a time. Really a nice spot to come and enjoy an eagles game too.East Coast Wings and Grill is one of my favorite places in the entire city to get wings and watch a game. They offer over 75 sauces and each sauce you can get as hot or mild as you want so come prepared to figure out which flavors you want and come hungry.
I really enjoy the bottomless chip basket especially during a game or a fight night, the chips are reasonably priced and they will refill the bowl the entire night so they are great to pick at.
Beers are a little pricey but that is usually expected being in the city.
They have dozens of TVs so East Coast Wings is a great place to watch an Eagles game or a UFC fight. They also offer to go wings which I have done for the Super bowl in the past and is always a great party favor for events like that.A very good place for wings & drinks. The staff are very friendly & professional. If you are in the area - check them out. AAA+Gave this place a try with the family last night, extremely kid friendly.   Kids actually ate for free last night, can't beat that.  
Our service was very good. No complaints at all.  Prompt and attentive.  Kids got the chix finger n fries and chicken quesadillas.  Good stuff.  
I got the "bowl" with chicken, steak and shrimp.  It was OK.   The wings were very good, i.guess at the wing place, one should get WINGS, right?  
I'd give this place another try, I'd Def get just wings. Lots of games on tvs and extensive selection of beer. Just had a food chain type of feel to it.  Give it a shotOMG!  I had been meaning to try the wings for a while now.  Went there last Saturday for take-out when they first opened.  The hostess took our order at the bar.  She was so much fun I wish we had time to eat-in.  OK, I like spicy food, so I ordered 15 wings with cajun rub and Insanity sauce.  The hot sauce in restaurants is never hot, so I figured I would dial it up to the highest level.  I got home and tried the wings.  They were delicious!  Tender, meaty, juicy.  BUT THEY WERE SO FREAKING HOT!!  I could only eat two and then I wanted that sauce as far away from me as possible.  Today is Tuesday.  I figured the heat may have worn off so I brought the remainder of the wings for lunch.  I could only eat two again, but this time was able to nibble at the bones.  I am going to try 2 more wings before I leave work today, but will probably trash the other 9.  I'm going back to East Coast real soon.  Definitely having wings; definitely not having Insanity sauce.  It is so hot, I'm crying as I type this.  Who knew?Had so much fun at the Yelp Elite event here. I try to stay away from chain restaurants, but I must say this place has some yummy food. I'm slightly obsessed with the homemade chips and the pretzels that look like churros. I'm from the land of the wings so I can't say they have the best wings I've ever had, but they were good. The burger however was awesome. I may or may not have gained 5lb from this place. I will be wearing yoga pants all week.SERVICE IS HORRIBLE. very very rude employees and very long wait time for food and beverages.Started out headed to Applebees saw this place and thought what the heck...
Only reason for the 2 stars is that server was ok. Ordered 20 thai chili wings and shrimp taco's with sweet potatoe fries. Fries where cold and wings where bland moreso just 20 sticky wings dumped on a tray. Taco was bland as well.  From the description in the menu we where expecting amazing flavors instead disappointed in the food as a whole, great place if you just intend to watch the game and have drink. Should have stuck with first idea...I have been here 3 times and they never disappoint. Their food is awesome! They are fast and have great customer service.I have been to east coast wings a handful of times. My boyfriend and I have a tendency to go during low volume times but today, being Superbowl sunday we were both craving wings. We figured in house they would be mobbed and didn't want to deal with all of that mess and went with a pick up order. I wanted to pay cash so instead of ordering online I made the mistake of calling in the order. When I initially called the woman could not hear me very well so I asked if it would be okay if I was able to call back with another phone. She said that was fine and that is what I did. I called back and placed my order. I knew exactly what I wanted. 50 wings with 10 different flavors and I had a list. I was adding on Texas toast. The woman asked me on the phone if I would hold so she could tell me the total. At this point everything was good. For the next 15 minutes I was on hold with no response. I could however hear her having a meltdown with her coworkers over how to put the order in. She was saying things like 'This woman *effing* ordered like 500 different flavors. I'm about to quit my job. real Sh!t" and a string of other complaints and curses. After listening to her rants for 15 minutes I decided to get on another phone and call and speak to someone else. I explained that I was on hold and did not know what the total was or if the order even went through. I just wanted to know whether I should just order from somewhere else. This next woman told me the order was through. 5 minutes later I was called and told that my order was ready. Would have been nice to know that the order did go through from the person I made it with and not hear how much she hates and does not know how to do her job. Where I understand that my order was annoying this place offers about 75 different flavors of wings. I don't understand why it was so distressing to put my order through without me having to do a follow up call and hear her cursing and ranting.#Philadelphia -Best Wings in Philadelphia goes to @eastcoastwings.  So many flavors to choose from, every time I fly in, it's mandatory to stop here. I don't normally visit the same place twice, but this place is a must. Must try flavor is the #Cayman that's the white sauce in the container. Tried it last time and thought about it ever since. Had the #Monterey and two other flavors this visit. Noel helped me pick out the flavors and now I can remember what they were.  If you're reading this Noel, remind me! Always a good visit here, always a clean restaurant, and always the friendliest staff. 
* 
#AntonioIsFly #Wings #ChickenWings #Fit #Fitness #FollowMe #LasVegas #Home #Foodie #WingFest #Travel #FoodPorn #EastCoastWings #NationalChickenWingDay #Lunch #WingWednesday #BuffaloWings #NFL #CheatMealDeclining and getting worse. I have been going to East Coast Wings for about a year and a half. In the beginning-rather good. The last 2 times-yuk. I ordered 15 wings w jalapena sauce extra hot. What came was disgusting. The wings were dry, no sauce. There were a few cut up pieces of pepper in the container, the wings were dry and mushy. 2 of the pieces of chicken were joined together into some sort of bionic freaky thing. I have to say this place has come down...way down, to the point I won't go back. I'll go to local place who hire cooks who know what they are doing.Buffalo shrimp were fresh, hot and seasoned well. The Hennessy wasn't watered down. went for a bike night and there servers were really nice. All in all a good experience. No complaints.Decent food, but slow slow SLOW service. Also asked to split the check at the beginning of the meal to no avail, and then when we asked again at the end of the meal, the waitress split it the wrong way. Then afterwards, awkwardly stood over me while I signed the receipts and wrote in tips. I'd only consider going back if they SERIOUSLY ramp up their service.Most of the food is good however the customer service is horrible. If you have any issues with your order management will basically refuse to fix the situation and tell you you still have to pay for the food you did not consume. I was harassed by management on my way out the door because I did not like my food order and was encouraged to visit their competitors instead. Also there is a $0.99 charge per sauce you get on your wings. If you decide to eat at this establishment be sure to inspect your food before consuming and also try the sauces first. I also highly recommend cash only paymentsGreat addition to the neighborhood! Great menu with so many choices! The thing to try is the wings of course with 75 flavors to choose from. I try to order flavors that are out of the ordinary instead of something basic like honey bbq or whatever. The Grand Cayman and Mango Habanero are my favs so far. Awesome spot to watch games from almost every angle.ordered thriugh grubhub food was cold and items were missing i was only refunded a coupon which wasnt even included in the total that came from the money i actually spent.. they had the potientialSo I'm not sure how long this place will be open. We go in to get wings. They have 50 flavors but NO buffalo?   What?????? They have buffalo soup. Buffalo dip. But I can't get buffalo Wings??
The waitress ( who was very nice) (Brooklyn) sat down in the both with me and used our table to write our ordWe order buffalo chicken dip. It comes out obviously microwaves, hard yellow ring on the sides and it was like soup.  Tasted ok.SoI hate to say but this place has gone down hill since last I visited. First of all, on a Saturday night the parking lot is a death trap. There is a serious drag racing situation in the parking lot and you're really taking your life in your hands when you visit. It's only a matter of time until someone is killed and it's disappointing that the owners of these businesses don't take a stronger stand against this. 
Also, the food isn't as good as I remember. I ordered bang bang wings and I don't know how they did it but the sauce had no flavor. Bang bang sauce I've had in other places looked different from what I got here. We also felt that our meal was way overpriced for the underwhelming food we got. Average food coupled with a near death experience means it's very unlikely for me to ever return.Had to come here and fill my fried pickle void. I came during lunch on a Saturday and to my surprise it was nearly empty. I figured the service would be quick but it was actually kind of slow. We were seated immediately but waited about 15 minutes to be greeted. When we finally were greeted our waiter was really nice and funny. 
I obviously had the fried pickles and enjoyed nearly the entire basket. I also went with the side of baked Mac and cheese and wished I had ordered two. So good! FYI to my fellow vegetarians.. not too many vegetarian options on this menu but plenty of sides that sound good if you're like me and not the pickiest. My boyfriend ordered chicken wings and fries and loved his platter so much he actually went back the next day to get more. Needless to say, we will be back.Since the pandemic started,  we were ask to patronize restaurants. To help them during these trying times.  I first tried this restaurant for the first time during the pandemic.  The food was so good, we started to order from them several times a week . Well, for the past 3 weekends  my order has been wrong.  I call and explain,  and they tell me it's nothing that they can do. If you're paying closed to $14  for 10 wings(not saying all the other food we purchase with the 10 wings)and the service is horrible,  even when it's their mistake . I also try to use delivery service to patronize them too. I'm saying all this to tell you customer service sells.  There are so many restaurants struggling that customer service should be a priority.  I am going to start patronizing other restaurants,  because your customer service stinks!Great wings and great food.,is really a great place and friendly service.,I defensively go back for the wings,I recommended.Hard to write a review on a place where I couldn't even eat.. We tried waiving down the bartender several times to be ignored.. My beer was good, but I have NO plans on visiting this place again. One bartender on a fight night?!Been here over an hour ordered a full rack of ribs and other things for my family after 45 minutes of waiting for the food they come and tell me there is no ribs they need  to pick their game up .  Then I ordered  a burger for my son plain with cheese and they put everything on it what to do with these people they need to fire the cook then whoever does the inventory for the food also need to get fired. I think if I was the owner I give them everything for free. When I got the bill it was for the full amount even for the ribs and burgers that I did not get how to dispute with the manager he reimbursement for the burgers and the ribs and gave me a 50% off and it up paying 22 dollars these people need to get their game right well I don't think I'll be there anymore with management like that they need to get new managers And better cooks well that's all for me.and the music and TV there were so loud you couldn't even think or even speak you had to scream in order for the next person to hear you.My  wife and I stopped in Sunday night, were seated by the host, given menus. The waitress walked by four times and never acknowledged us. We waited an additional ten minutes and decided to just walk out. By
this time both host and waitress watched us leave and never said a word. This type of behavior can kill a business; it's hard to believe management hasn't trained their staff properly to provide basic customer service. When paying customers walk out the door before even placing an order. Looked like a nice place, but just proves you can't judge a book by its cover. Please find wings and cold beer elsewhere.None of the food is made fresh, all of the food is straight out of a bag, thus why they have such a big menu. I asked my weight tress for a medium well burger, she said they could only do well done. (Once again because the burger is froZen out of a bag). The Burger was like a hockey puck between two buns. We also got the BBQ wings and they sauce didn't taste anything like real BBQ. They half ass everything there. The Waitress was nice though. If you want a good laugh head to east coast.Been there twice. Order was wrong both times. Roast beef was like chewing a tire.  thumb down