Probably the best (and only) cold shawarma I've ever had. The meat surprisingly was really good despite it being lukewarm. It was surprising because they have a vertical rotisserie that looked great but instead chose to reheat already cooked and refrigerated shawarma instead. Real Nice. Feels like a bait and switch. At least they smile at you while they do it.
They put things in the pita that were unexpected, like lettuce that while foreign, was a nice addition. They had a very interesting green colored tzatziki like condiment served on the side that was tasty and would have preferred it to be drizzled inside the sandwich and would have requested so if given the option.
I could have asked them to reheat the meat (again), or tell them to put their sauce on top of the food, but I shouldn't have to, and I don't. A lot of people, like myself, just deal with it and go along with our days. And don't make the same mistake twice.
The staff was friendly and quick, and they had a nice selection of specialty soft drinks.Checked it out this afternoon.  While the flavors were very good I had issues with the protein in my sandwich as did the person I was with.  My rotisserie chicken panini had bones and grizzle in it.  My friend's lamb shawarma was completely raw in places and inedible.  Such a disappointment.Tons of vegetarian options!
I got the salad with chicken and curry dressing. The salad was huge and filling. I also sampled the curry chicken salad and that was delicious as well. They also even gave us free watermelon which was nice! The place is really casual and cute...but pay attention to the street as it is pretty easy to miss!Good place to get a snack! Welcoming! clean! and YUMMYY!!!Decent spot for an on-the-go, healthier option. Wide selection of pitas and salads (my personal fave is the rotisserie chicken club). It's been touched on below but the salads don't quite meet the 5 star rating flavor wise. 
Pitas and paninis will no doubt fill you up though!
As for the staff, I've had some days when they are super friendly, and others when they are colder (or clearly forcing a smile). 
All in all not outstanding every time, but not off putting either.I definitely loved the food here. I went for lunch one day with a coworker who frequented this establishment and said I had to try it.  He introduced me to the owners who were very friendly and accommodating.   I enjoyed the turkey burger because it was very juicy and the mixture of flavors was awesome.  Get there early because the lunch crowd is nuts.Super fresh vegetables, and good dressings. The salads are delicious.Truly excellent.  I wanted to give 4.5 stars since there's always room for improvement but definitely closer to 5 stars than 4.
In a city full of inconsistent, borderline scam restaurants, this place gives you exactly what you order, which is likely to be significantly better than most vegan/healthier type restaurants in this city, some if which are truly criminal.Great options for vegetarians and vegans. The chili and pita with soy bacon is my fave! Great stop for a quick lunch or light dinner.Stopped by today for the first time and tried the blackened shrimp po' boy. Service was fast, comfy seating and, most importantly, the food was really good. Just the right amount for lunch. Will definitely be back.I have been to Eat-A-Pita several times and it is a shame that this place does not get more business. I will be recommending this place to to all of my like minded health conscious friends. What a great find Eat-A-Pita gets three stars alone for serving up reasonably priced healthy food in an area surrounded by high calorie laden options just doors away. 
The standouts I have had so far have  been:
1. The Vegetarian Chili; superbly delicious trust me when i tell you that you won't miss the meat....and this is coming from a carnivore!
2. The Blackened Shrimp Po' Boy; I died and gone to heaven! The shrimp are fresh and succulent and you get a good amount for the price.
3. The Trio Salad; I finally found my healthy Poo Poo platter lol It has all of the big hitters Veggie Salad, Tuscan Tuna Salad, Hummus, Curry Chicken, and Pita Chips. Word of advice get the Lemon-Thyme pour it is absolutely refreshing!!Fresh veggies, large meat portions and reasonable prices.
Perfect for the health conscious meal for someone tired of the typical sandwich options. I went with the special Turkey Burger Pita and orzo salad and enjoyed both. Also was completely full after eating ( a rare occurrence as it is typically hard to satisfy my above average appetite).
Open until 9pm on weeknights making it a convenient spot for both lunch and dinner. I am already looking forward to my next of many trips back to this place.
Hopefully they open more of these throughout the city...what i ordered at Eat - a - Pita was just OK  - but i was very interested in the menu and will have to go back and try other options.  
Vegans take note they have vegan bacon, pesto tofu, daiya(!), and an entire vegan panini.  i ordered the panini and i was somewhat disappointed that the tofu wasn't as flavorful as i was expecting, and also it was so super greasy (the grease was dripping out of the bread).  I don't know if there is a way to make it a little healthier - but either way the real reason I'm giving this 3 and not 4 stars is for the flavorless tofu.  
Hopefully I'll be back soon to try a salad with "all the veggies" and upgrade my review.  the salads looked good and i immediately regretted ordering the panini and not the salad.just had a great salad .. tasted great and every thing is supper fresh.  i hope this incarnation of the space makes a go of it... asset to the gayborhoodI know my "old" review is only four days old, but I stopped in here for lunch again today and it definitely deserves an upgrade.  I'm not sure if they read my last review about the sprouts, but they're now listed as a possible veggie choice so you can now choose for no sprouts.  Yay!  Also, I got the roasted chicken today and it was nice big chunks of freshly roasted chicken, unlike the deli style turkey I got last time.  It was seasoned well and was juicy on it's own and when taken in a bite with a bunch of fresh veggies and sauce, it was exceptionally good.  
I raved about the pepper-parmesan pour in my last review and I got it again today.  It was just as good as the last time.  I wanted to try something else so I asked if I could get two pours, mentioning that it was fine if they had to charge me extra.  The girl behind the counter said it's no problem and that she could just give me two.  I opted for the fig balsamic vinaigrette as my second.  When I pulled it out of the bag, I was a big shocked to see how "creamy" the fig balsamic vinaigrette was, as I was expecting more of a salad dressing type.  That wasn't a bad thing, just worth noting.  It was nice and sweet and worked well with my pita.  I didn't use much of it, though, because I was too busy making sweet, sweet love noises to my pepper parmesan sauce.Fresh ingredients, fairly priced.  Not a fan of the Ancho-ranch pour.  Also wished the  roasted chicken was stuffed further down in the Pita rather then laid on top of the opening, but no biggie. It was pretty tasty, I'll be back for sure!This place has the best healthy food of all time! I go here for the Chicken Club Pita Panini at least once a month. The service and staff are friendly and quick. I really hope they open up more locations throughout the city! Come here after a gym session or a run through Center City.The food is delicious and healthy,, the staff is friendly, and everything is reasonably priced--what else could you ask for?Starved for s quick bite & this gem came through big time! Toasted whole wheat Pita filled with roasted portobello & warm goat cheese served with kindness. What more can you ask for?Had a delicious meal at Eat A Pita. Fresh ingredients and not an overwhelming amount of choices for a meal. Thats how you know a place is on point. Because  they don't  have to have 1000 options for their customers. 
Got the salmon croquette pita. Lightly breaded and fried salmon balls with lettuce, tomato, cucumbers, and a selection sauce!! Perfect portion and healthy!! 
def will be back!Trying to accumulate points on my delivery website and wanting to try something new led me to this place. I persuaded my co-worker to try it as well. Price was 8 and 9 dollars for what we ordered. I just finished my Pork Bahn Mi Pita Lunch and it was fantastic. Vegetables were fresh and the pork was very tasty. I'm very satisfied with the portion - you don't really need a side order of anything, depending on your appetite of course. What struck me was the pita itself - very good. She said her order (custom pita) was "really good". Will be back.Gross food in general. Tuna was the nastiest thing I ever ate. Their chicken pita was so boring. There is nothing special about this place.I used to frequently inhabit the Pita Pit in Center City, hence my sadness and frustration when they shut it down a while back.  I figured this place might be my new hot spot for pitas, but I wasn't thrilled. They were affordable enough and large in size, but the toppings weren't great. They had the standard staples but I was a little confused because they had a number of salads and paninis that had additional ingredients that aren't offered with the pitas. For instance, the only option for lettuce with the pita was iceberg, but they offered arugula with the salads. I didn't notice this until after ordering, so maybe if I had asked they would have accommodated. Pita Pit still wins for me.Excited to have a great veggie friendly pita place near work! I stopped by here for the first time today but I'm sure to make it a regular lunch spot. Just about everything on the menu looked great giving me lots of options to choose from. 
I had the Tofu BLT which had soy bacon in it.  The tofu was marinated in a pesto sauce and was super tasty. The soy bacon was among the best I've had- just the right texture and taste. It came with a lemon vinaigrette on the side that was a great complement to the pita. The price $9 including $1 for added avocado. 
A little pricey but worth the portion and quality of food.Great vegetarian and vegan options- even gluten free pita! Glad to see a veg and health friendly option in this neighborhood. I got the vegan panini and it was tasty. There were many other items I want to try so I will definitely go back. Quick service if you get there a little before the lunch rush. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because I would have loved it to be a tiny bit cheaper (it was $10 for one sandwich) but I guess that's the going price these days and you're paying for higher quality ingredients.Ordered through Grubhub. Tried the lamb-feta and sweet potato pitas. Consistency wasn't great on the sweet potato. The lamb was burned. Also for what we got, it was too much money. I wonder if other things on the menu would be better. The food looks good but didn't taste good. I'd maybe try something else, but there are many good restaurants around.I love pitas so I stopped here for lunch on a weekday and was pleasantly satisfied with the decision. The service was quick but the place was rather empty for a lunch hour. My co-worker and I both had the Gobbler, I thought it was very good - maybe a little on the dry side but overall pretty decent. Everything tasted fresh and I would go back here again.Eat A Pita is amazing...soups, salads, paninis, pitas, and more.  Tasted alit if menu items all good, all fresh, and healthier than most other places...highly recommend it.I got tomato soup and grilled cheese.  The grilled cheese on pita was underwhelming and the soup was thinly disguised marinara sauce... Not impressedI love this place. I love that its got a sweet hippie vibe - it reminds me of being a kid in California during the 70's. I love that the owner is there behind the counter all the time and knows exactly where everything comes from (she even has some hallal meat). . Speaking of my hippie roots, they pile the veggies on here - ranging from really super fresh (first couple of visits) to fresh enough (last visit). It's fast fresh healthy lunch at $8 and lots of variety. 
But the food during 3 visits was pretty different each time. The curry chicken salad was so phenomenally good the first time - fresh, sweet light chicken and perfect dressing. The rotisserie chicken the last time was dry and weird. The Mediterranean garlic hummus-cucumber-feta thing was perfect, but the cookie was undercooked. 
Also, I know you cant call yourself a closet hippie and then complain about cleanliness, but maybe the floor could use an extra sweep or two throughout the day? 
All in all, love it. She should advertise more - I stand at that bus stop 10 times a week and never knew the place was there until about a month ago.I'm all about constructive criticism so lets start with the good and work our way to the bad.  For the record this was my first order from Eat A Pita.  First of all the food was delivered fast and the delivery guy was well dressed and courteous.  The veggie chili was excellent and my girlfriend really enjoyed her Mediterranean Salad.  That being said I had the worst Turkey Burger of my life and I'm not exaggerating.  I ordered through GrubHub and didn't feel like picking and choosing the toppings one by one so I just went with the suggested Turkey Burger which came with mustard "all the veggies" and caramelized onions.  The Turkey Burger patty itself was your basic sad looking pre-frozen jenny o supermarket patty which was a little disappointing but I could have lived with that (lord knows I've eaten my fair share of them) What I wasn't a fan of was the loads of overpowering mustard what was globbed on and half the veggies just don't belong on a turkey burger with mustard.  I'm talking to you red cabbage, bell pepper sprouts cucumber and carrot! (and probably chick peas too but I can tolerate them on pretty much anything) Basically all I could taste was a ton of mustard, red cabbage, carrots sprouts and bell peppers and that did not a great sandwich make.  I guess I put a little too much faith in whoever crafted the menu I just don't know how anyone could have tried that burger and said "We've got a real winner here lets include it as a menu item!!!" Sarcasm aside I will order from them again for the chili but I'll be staying far far away from that turkey burger.
The End :)The chicken was dry and there was a bone in my pita. This place seems overall mediocre at best.I've been dying to try this place for a while now- pita is literally my favorite food in the WORLD. And what better than a Chipotle-Subway style pita based restaurant?!
The vibe of the place was on point. Hip and trendy, fast and convenient, it was the perfect casual lunch spot for a Friday afternoon. I was instantly overwhelmed by the options of the "make your own" section and couldn't settle on a perfect combination of ingredients, protein, and sauce so I opted for one of the already created options. I chose the MEDITERRANEAN VEGGIE on wheat pita (olives, feta, hummus, cucumber salad). 
It was deliciously fresh, and stuffed with ingredients. Every bite was tasty and flavorful without being overpowering. The portion size was great (I was as stuffed as the pita was stuffed at the end of my meal) but I think that comes with the slightly higher price point for the sandwiches. I paid close to $9.50 for my pita sandwich (which I thought was a SLIGHT rip-off) but nonetheless really enjoyed it. I would be curious to taste a warm pita sandwich as opposed to the cold one that I tried.
Would definitely come back to explore more of the options on the menu-- as well as to create my own (the peppercorn ranch pour looks promising, as does the pesto tofu). Beware of the skyrocketing prices though as you create your own-- there are almost extra charges for anything you add on top of the minimum and basic ingredients!
I will definitely be back to eat-more-pitas. I wish it were closer and that it delivered to campus!I made my own pita. Whole wheat pita with a bacado (bacon and avocado) with lettuce, cucumbers, and carrots. I also chose the raspberry vinaigrette on the side. I paired it with a bag of white cheddar popcorn and also got a blood orange San pellegrino drink. Will definitely return to try some of their own creations. They also have salads. I highly recommend this place it's also not super busy during lunch rush like other healthy salad places. Must try !The bright interior caught my attention on a gloomy day as I was rushing past on my way to an appointment. Stopping just long enough to check out the menu on the window, I was pleasantly surprised by the variety of options.  I made sure to double back for lunch later that day!   This place has something for everyone, including the vegan and vegetarian people (the only folk who really matter to me anyhow!).  I picked up a marinated tofu panini with fresh arugula, vegan pesto, and soy bacon.  It pretty much rocked.  It looks like an upscale deli but with seating... so I did not expect much from the staff but they were courteous, interactive, and conscientiousness.  It was a great meal.  Keep marinating... I'll be back soon!I'm a huge fan of Eat-a-pita for a delicious and healthy lunch. They have a great selection of pitas, salads, and sandwiches and they are all customizable. Yesterday, I had the turkey burger on a whole wheat pita with "all the veggies" and a side of (spicy!!) honey mustard, which was really flavorful and extremely filling! I've also had their salads before which are large and much more reasonably priced than competitors around the area. They constantly have new features on the menu and I usually have a hard time deciding what to get. I've never had a bad meal here!
I was a little bummed yesterday because their Levelup wasn't working and I had a credit, but I guess that's just a reason to go back. The one thing I wish they had was their nutrition information available. Even though the menu is filled with fresh ingredients and lean proteins, I like to know the breakdown of what I'm eating so I can make even more educated choices. 
Definitely check this place out for lunch the next time you're in the area!SOO GOOD 
i loved everything about this place
i got the portobello pita but i subbed for a GF pita
and it was AMAZZING literally could eat it everyday 
i will definitely be returning again.I had a delicious custom made falafel here today. Choose the ingredients you want in your pita.  Fast, friendly service, and reasonably priced. They use fresh ingredients and the resturant is spotlessly clean. A great choice for vegans looking for a quick and tasty lunch. Highly recommend.nom.
i actually never had a pita before but i needed to switch it up and finally gave this place a chance, made my own pita and it was perfect! the hummus and pita chips were also off the hook and a pretty good deal for 4$
got delivery and couldn't of been happier,it was on time and in good condition :)I would give this place 5 stars just for the Fig Vinaigrette topping.  It is possilby the best thing I have ever had on a Pita and it goes with everything.  I should probably review the rest of the place too.  The concept is cool...they have menu items, but I always go for the "build it yourself" pita.  The veggies and the meats are always fresh, and the owners are really dedicated and very nice.Good stuffed pita sandwiches. Plenty of choices. Nice to walk into a place and feel welcomed. The pita bread in it self is really good. 
Healthy; delicious, full FlavorA great alternative to the likes of Chipotle, Wawa, burger places, etc. The food here is fresh and there are endless combinations. For under $10 the portions are a sufficient meal. I left satisfied and didn't feel like I filled up on grease and cholesterol. Clean place, quick and friendly service!Five stars for the pitas, four stars for the salad. The pita with roasted garlic hummus and all the veggies was delicious and satisfying. I also got a salad which was good, but nothing to rave about.
I will definitely be back to eat a pita at Eat-A-Pita!This place is always fresh!! Friendly's staff here and the food is at great value!!
This is a true VEGGIE or VEGAN place.
**Also they are BYOB and have Level Up!!
Sign up for their emails to receive events they hold on special evenings.I'd been wanting to come in for quite a while but had never made it over to the Market East/Gayborhood area. Firstly: there are so many options! As a vegetarian who eats mostly vegan, it's pretty common to have a dearth of options; at Eat-A-Pita, I could eat most of the menu! I created my own pita with pesto tofu on one visit and had a vegan panini on the other. The staff is absolutely lovely and everything is well priced. I love pita bread, fresh ingredients,  and great customer service, so I will absolutely be returning regularly.Eat - A - Pita has an awesome staff, with great food options. This place definitely beats your old "pita" joint, by a mile. Soups, paninis, salads, and more! Their quick, friendly service is much appreciated - especially during my busy work days! I will continue to be a fan, as long as they are here.Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, but I couldn't even finish my chicken and bacon pita.  I will definitely try again based on the other positive reviews.  Maybe it was an off night, but the chicken was not good at all, downright bad.My pita was so dry and horrible, I felt like I was eating dirt.  I am shocked at how high the reviews are for this place given how terrible the food is. PASS!I love this place! I have a small addiction to the Chicken Mole pita. I could probably eat one everyday.I was really hoping this place would be good and work out on a weird stretch of 12th street that sees more turnover than Kansas City Chiefs (ohhhh). I was given a sample of the olive salad at my gym which was delicious along with a 20% off coupon card and a menu and everything looked really good. 
So one Saturday after working out I wanted a mix of complex carbs and protein so I figured I swing by on the way home. I ordered the blackened shrimp in a whole wheat pita. I was really disappointed to get a pita which hadn't been warmed and didn't feel overly fresh (although I'm sure it was). I took a bite and it just really lacked flavor. I ended up salting the thing to death and by the second bite the back of the pita had split right open and had made a mess.
I am going to give them another shot as the owners seem like really good people and I'd love for them to succeed but for $10 a pop I was hoping for something more.Yummy yummy yummy, I got a lovely pita in my tummy!
Wow, this place is pretty delicious! I first tried their pitas at the Yelp 10th Anniversary this past July. I forget which ones they were featuring, but boy I kept going back for more!
My friend and fellow Yelper Aria S. reminded me about this place being at the July party when I told her my coworker and I wanted to grab lunch from here last week. So glad she reminded me of it! While my coworker got the Vegan (soy bacon, pesto tofu, soy cheese, vegan aioli, arugula, tomato) on wheat, I "picked my own" and I choose pesto tofu as my protein, with "all the veggies" (minus tomato, ya nasty), and yogurt curry as my pour. Of course, all on wheat as well.
WOAH MAMA was this fresh and tasty! My coworker and I usually split our meals, so I got the best of both worlds. I tried the vegan first since it was warmer (still had to warm both pitas up a bit in the microwave). I know all of my non-vegetarian friends RAVE about bacon (sorry never falling trap), but this soy bacon was OFF THE CHAIN. I mean it was so good that I had to make sure it wasn't meat (just because it was so different, not because meat is tastier than vegetarian food). Also, although it seemed like it, the soy bacon wasn't really smoky (not about that smoky life).
My pita was pretty good too, with the yogurt curry being the perfect pour. Just wish the tofu was a bit firmer (don't like it really melting in my mouth) and also wish the sandwich came out a bit warmer. However, it was nothing a minute in the microwave couldn't fix.
My pita came out to $8-something, while my coworker's pita came out to $9-something. A bit in the pricier side, but it was totally worth it! Go for this place!This place was okay. I went here for lunch and ordered the quinoa salad, Hummus, and veggie chili. I took home the chicken bacon panini for later. Quinoa salad was fantastic. It had some great flavor and perf quinoa to blacK bean ratio. The chili was pretty bland and undercooked. The beans were still pretty raw and the chili needed something. Garlic? Chili powder? Onions? Cilantro? Any of these could have worked. The panini was also just okay. The bread itself was burned pretty badly and the chicken was dry, which was redeemed a little by bacon, but really, bacon saves everything.
Overall it was okay but I don't think I will go out of my way to visit again.Cute little upscale pita place with upscale prices. 
I had the lamb schwarma with lettuce, tomato, and the yogurt curry pour. It was very good...the meat was very juicy and all of the veggies were fresh. The sauce was excellent as well. The rest of the party tried the roasted turkey breast, which was described as being decent, and the curry chicken salad was deemed to be just  "so-so." 
The decor is what I would describe as being upscale industrial. Unfortunately the prices are too. For three pitas and drinks we were over $30. While the food (particularly mine) was really good and I would eat it again, maybe they should rename it Eat$-A-Pita.My fiancé and I ate at eat a pita for lunch today. It was very warm and cute inside...decorated with Christmas lights and Christmas greens. I ate the portobello panini and my fiancé ate the special salad that had salmon, eggs, chickpeas, etc in it. We really loved what we had and would go back again.After all the time I spend at Eat A Pita, I'm not sure what surprises me more: that I have yet to write a Yelp review or that Jamie has not made me an honorary employee by association. When I started working on 12th street, Eat A Pita was still in the works but I was excited to see a healthy lunch spot with TONS of veggie options coming into the neighborhood. My expectations were exceeded. 
Eat-A-Pita is not your typical falafel joint; in fact, they don't even have falafel or anything fried.  The options are endless, healthy, and full of flavor! Eat-A-Pita has many soup, sandwich, and salad options to choose from, but I think the best thing to start with is a build your own pita. You select your protein, anything from tuna salad to marinated tofu (my favorite is the roasted garlic hummus), your vegetables: you should get all of the veggies...its no extra charge! My suggestion is to get the oven roasted tomatoes instead of the raw ones, they are roasted in house and I see them in my dreams. Finally, you pick a pour, which are the dressings. All on your choice of a White or Wheat Pita. 
Now, when I say I spend a lot of time here, I would say I am here twice a week at least.  This being said, I have sampled much of what Eat-A-Pita has to offer...and as a vegetarian, it is refreshing to have so many options in one establishment. Not to be missed: The veggie chili (not like your typical chili, but WOW, its in a league of its own), the Market Salad (simple, fresh, yummy), and my new addiction: The Quinoa Salad. The soup specials change almost daily, and are always delicious. 
All in all, I'd say after my home, and my job, Eat-A-Pita just might be the place I spend most of my time.  Maybe that makes me a loser, but the crew at Eat-A-Pita just keeps me coming back. They always provide great customer service, and if you become a familiar face, they will remember you and your dietary preferences. Jamie, the owner is a sweetheart and I am glad she brought this scrumptious restaurant to our neighborhood. Bravo, Eat-A-Pita! Keep up the good work, and I, solely, promise to keep you in business!Ordered a tuscan tuna melt and it was awful. Thre was no flavor to the sandwhich either. Additionally I went in at 11:15am and they were out of white pitas?? How is this possible when they are a pita place?? 
I will not be returning and have notified my office not to eat there either.Specialty Pita sandwiches, with a twist. Like Maoz, but with much more options, and better presentation. They have a big, slightly overwhelming menu, so I recommend starting off with one of thier specialty sandwiches before you move on to create your own. I tried the shrimp po'boy with roumelade and I will say that I will be back for this sandwich. They do have to layer the ingredients, so you might get all shrimp in your first few bites, then all tomatoes. The pita chips are pretty tasty, although very hard so i recommend getting the hummus. The hummus was straightforward with no frills. They give you a lot, so add some to your sandwich if you want, or just load it on your chips. Unfortunately, it is a bit pricey. Specialty sandwiches are $9-$11, plus chips/hummus and a drink will run you close to $20.I love this place! I eat here several times a week. The small salads offer generous portions for a reasonable price. I've also gotten a couple vegetarian pitas/paninis that are delicious. Wait times can be long at lunch, so I usually call ahead for pick up.If you're looking for a quick and healthy lunch, then this is your place. They offer wheat and gluten free pitas, along with lots of different veggies. They also hosted a fundraiser for my nursing class and were able to accommodate lunch orders for lots of people in a timely manner. I will definitely be back next time I want to order lunch!I remember 20 years ago in my hometown Chicago, I loved a restaurant With the same name...not sure if this is chain or not, but, this Eat-A-Pita, is fresh , healthy and delicious. I went for lunch before my theatre at WAlnut Street and loved it. I had a pita panini - Portobello Mushroom, Goat Cheese, Spinach, etc. Yum. Also, fresh salads as a side like Mediterranean Orzo salad instead of chips or fries. They have cold pita sandwiches as well. You get your choice of wheat, white or bowl. My lunch including soda and side salad was $12. I definitely will be back.The place is great! It has a very chill feel to it. I had the Vegan Panini and it was by far the best I've had in a long time!! The veggie bacon was kinda on the salty side, but everything else about it was spot on!! The tofu in it almost gave the panini a ricotta cheese taste to it that especially made it wonderful!! This was by far the best sandwich and I would deff recommend to all!!I don't think one could ever hear the words "great salad" and "reasonable price" in the same sentence without flashing your mind to Wendy's // McDonald's- and even their salads are sub par. Eat-A-Pita has everything you would want from a sandwich and salad place: endless topping, creative dressings, fresh bread, and flavorful proteins.
We ordered two LARGE (humongous) salads, one with curried chicken salad (to die for) and one with grilled chicken- plus every vegetable. Eat-A-Pita's shtick is that you aren't charged extra for wanting five million different types of toppings on your salad, whereas most other places will charge you up to $1.00/topping.
The dressings were creative and flavorful- try the balsamic fig and lemon-thyme (its also nice that they give you two instead of one, you can try multiple).I work in the city so there are so many options for food around the area. A co worker brought this menu back and I wanted to give it a try. I had an order for pick up and got my stuff in no time. However, when I walked back to work and started eating, I noticed that it was a little dry, still good though but missing the sauce. It was still tasty and the veggies were so fresh, I hated to be that person to call and complain, but I wanted to know if I was supposed to ask for it since I thought it came in the pita.
I didn't have time to walk all the way back to get the sauce.  Not only did they deliver the sauces to me but they included a coupon for 20% off. Thoroughly enjoyed my lunch afterwards and they gained a repeat customer for amazing service!I had the Pork Bahn Mi (with no cilantro...I hate cilantro) on a wheat pita and my husband had the lamb and feta on a white pita. They were both delicious! Great portions and service was excellent. Prices were also great. Will definitely be returning to try some more.Not bad. Guy who made the pita was friendly and cute! Woof!Love it here. The service is great and the restaurant (including the bathrooms) is always clean. I have never been during peak hours, but for quick-service shop, there is plenty of seating.
So far I have had quite a few things off their menu. Both the tuna salad and the Astoria curry chicken salad are delicious. The hummus is to die for. Literally the best I've ever had. I don't know what kind of magic they bake into their pita chips, but I frequently find myself craving just a side order of chips and hummus. I've also had their shrimp po' boy, salmon croquettes and lamb shawarma pitas. I like that they grill each pita to order, warming your sandwich just the perfect amount. The pours always add a nice touch (go with the lemon thyme or tomato). I've also eaten the chicken mole and muffuletta paninis. Mole sauce is really flavorful (and impressive since it's not coming from someone's Mexican grandmom). I've also had the vegetarian chili with quinoa. So hearty that I didn't notice the lack of ground meat.
Desserts are always delicious, and I like that I can buy one normal sized cookie or brownie after my sandwich. Stops me from eating a days worth of calories in chocolate chips after making the healthy choice for lunch.
Don't forget to check out their lunch combo (pick your own pita plus a side or soup). For 10 bucks, you can eat a filling, delicious, healthy meal, or you can eat fast food around the corner, with a dollar to spare and digestive issues for the day. I'll go with Eat A Pita.
Will be back again and again. So keep the hummus and olive salad coming!This has quickly become an old stand-by favorite of mine. The salmon croquette and the lamb feta meatball pitas have been perfect lunches, especially when topped with "all the veggies". The environment here is nice and quiet, and they give 10% off to 12th street gym members. They may have other discount programs here, just ask and they will tell you! You can even build your own pita or salad here and combine all of the flavors you personally love.
My only wish is for it to be $1 or $2 cheaper. The high quality ingredients make up for it, but it is tough to justify a regular lunch that ends up being upwards of $10 or $11.I stopped into eat-a-pita during my lunch break because I had passed it on my way to work and it looked perfect for lunch. I ordered a wheat pita with rotisserie chicken, most of the veggies, avocado and feta. It's definitely moderately priced for the portion size and quality of the food. I really loved it- the vegetables were fresh, the chicken was flavorful and juicy, and the pita was stuffed. Quick service too! I was in and out in 5 minutes. I definitely recommend this place for a quick lunch or inexpensive dinner, and I look forward to trying it again!So overpriced!  I was excited to see that they offered soy bacon but honestly it was disgusting... It tasted like it had the same spices on the outside as chile mango and was so sweet.  My pita did not have the dressing on it that I ordered.  After tax I paid almost $10 for a pita filled with dry veggies and the worst soy bacon I have ever had.  One star because the veggies were fresh.  Also the girl who took my order wiped her nose on her hand and then proceeded to make sandwiches.  She put a glove on but it's still gross.  I won't be going here again, it's way overpriced.Very disappointed in this place.  I bought an $8 portabello panini and it was the skimpiest panini I've ever had.  I am a small person and don't eat a lot in one sitting... and I was still hungry after eating this.  It also lacked flavor, basically just tasted like bread.  Will not be going back, and would not recommend it.Great pita chip side dip with hummus!! You have to try it. 
A little upset they didn't offer onions or Cesar dressing, but they were very friendly with offering substitutions that were similar. 
The panini was also delicious! I would definitely go back!!Nice place to grab lunch. I've only ever eaten the pita sandwiches, but the creations are pretty unique and tasty. The ingredients are fresh, but it never takes long at all for the final product to be made. The staff are always really friendly the prices are really reasonable.  Definitely worth a try if you're looking for a nice lunch place.I rarely leave reviews, but I have to for this spot. They should be way busier than they are!
The veggies are super fresh, the tofu and meats are tasty and interesting without being over seasoned or too salty.  Same goes for the pours (dressings you add to your pita).  The variety is ridiculous.  I also love that the staff is friendly without being fake.  I tend to go for the pesto tofu with all the veggies minus scallions and the charred tomato vinaigrette, although there are tons of fancy and non-fancy combos that I plan on trying.  I spend around $10 every time and have no complaints!  I'd rather spend $10 on a delicious/healthy/filling pita than $6 or $7 on a deli sandwich made from crap.  
As a fitness instructor I love finding places to grab lunch that offer healthy yet filling meals.  Teaching multiple classes per day, I work up an appetite, but hate eating junk.    It's a great place for a post workout meal or for whenever.  Is it the place to go if you're on a super tight budget?  No, but it also isn't going to break the bank.  It is worth it!This place is nothing special.  The pita's were mediocre at best.  The service was good and the bathrooms were clean.  But overall I am sure I will not be back.It was literally that...just A-Ok. It didn't really wow me enough to really earn 4 stars. Came with a friend, so I was able to try 2 different types of pita. I ordered the turkey and cranberry sauce panini pita (gobbler) and he ordered the chicken mole. We also added on the farro salad to try as well. I would suggest to anyone that's in a rush (we weren't) to not order the panini. It took a very very long time to be made. Not exactly sure why though.
Gobbler - I felt they should have used actual fresh turkey meat instead of sliced turkey (kinda like ham, but a lil thicker). I did like the brie cheese that was on it, and the cranberry gave it a nice sweet balance.
Chicken mole - To me, this was too bland. I was hoping the chicken to be seasoned, and to taste more of the Pico de Gallo, but I just didn't get that. 
Farro Salad - I guess I'm not a huge fan of Farro. It was too grainy (if that even makes sense) . The cranberries in it were really good. I do recommend they add more squash though. There was only a few pieces.
The people at the counter were nice though. Maybe I'll give it another shot and try their normal pita instead of the grilled ones...we'll see!I had a delicious meal here the other day for lunch, but it wasn't without a few kinks.  
I'll start with the good: I really liked my tofu BLT and I was impressed with all the veggie options here.  I think the food is solid and they wrap the pita well so that it doesn't spill out all over the place.  The worker I spoke to knew exactly what was in each sandwich, which I liked since I have food allergies.
There were some issues, though.  It took over 15 minutes to get our food, so I can't recommend this place if you're in a hurry (unless you call ahead to order).  I also wasn't entirely happy with their drink selection; there were a lot of sugary sodas in their case.  They really bill themselves as a healthy restaurant option, so I personally would appreciate more organic beverages or fresh juices.  Finally, it was slightly pricey.  They charge $2 for garlic hummus if you want to add it on your sandwich.  I could understand $1, but $2 for a spread?  Doesn't seem right.
All in all, I did like this place, but hopefully the next time I come back, they'll be a little bit more efficient and their drink case will have a little more variety.EDIT: I just used Eat-A-Pita for a catering order and it was great - on time, plenty of food, super yummy and healthy, and some great little touches like forks wrapped in napkins with twine.  6 stars!
Wow, delicious! Tons of vegetarian options + friendly, chill staff = I will be back here every week.
I got the soy bacon and tofu sandwich (and asked for avocado to be added on), and it was SCRUMPTIOUS and also, huge. I took half of it home and had it for dinner with a salad. My lunch partner got the veggie sandwich (I forget the name, the one that has like a thousand veggies in it) and loved it as well. I have also been back to try the Bacado (avocado with soy bacon - or regular bacon of course) and it's super flavorful, totally filling... craveable!
I am super excited for this to be in my neighborhood.Third time's a charm, and that seems to be the case with Eat a Pita (well, at least my experience). When I first passed this establishment after it's grand opening I was oh so excited. I loved the concept and hoped it would fill the pita sized void in heart ever since pita pit closed down (R.I.P). 
My first time coming in, I have to say I was a little disappointed not to see falafel anywhere on the menu, but no worries. They have pesto tofu, soy bacon, and other goodies. So I got a pita, filled that shit to the brim with as much stuff as possible, and poured some charred tomato vinaigrette on that bad boy. I was stoked to sit down and finally eat, but was disappointed upon first bite. For some reason everything I had stuffed into this pita kind of just mushed together to form a not so satisfying taste. Was it the pita? The veggies? The dressing? I think it was a combo of everything. 
The second time I came back, I had the same experience. This was pretty upsetting considering I reaaally really wanted to love this place. But today I came in and decided to order a salad rather than a pita and yes- This is what I've been waiting for. Delicious, fresh ingredients and great taste all around. The fig balsamic with the spinach Cobb is great. If I come back it will definitely be for one of their tasty salads. I'll leave the pita stuffing business to maoz around the corner.OMG this place is so great! I walked by it so many times before trying it because I wasn't sure I would like it, but I'm really glad I tried it!
First thing I had was the salmon croquette pita. I ordered it without knowing what a salmon croquette was though, so I was a little disappointed when I found out there wasn't a whole lot of salmon in it. My fault though, LOL!
Next I had the "Vegan Panini," which was basically tofu and pesto. It was really good, except I realized I don't like tofu! My fault again.
I will be back to try something and hopefully find something I like : + )  Everything was very well prepared, great presentation, and fresh food. I'm just a dumbass
BTW, the lady who works here is very nice : + ) I would give you a tip but im broke and can barely afford the food though : + (I would never go back here. This place is an overpriced rip off. The lamb shwarma ( 11$ +tax) had overcooked dry meat without any seasoning (not even adequate salt) The lettuce and cucumbers were wilted and old. The yoghurt sauce was borderline sweet and there was no seasoning in any of the other ingredients. For such an overpriced dish it was a huge disappointment. No wonder the place was so deserted, I should've known.