Ok well I'd heard so much about this place i had to try it. Well NEVER AGAIN! Dirty Dirty Dirty! Rude service. Chicken parm outrageous over priced. N never in life had chicken parm covered in black pepper. Would of sent back if waiter ever came back to table. Bread was so old n when asked for new i was questioned if i new what i was talking about. Well since i grew up in the food industry. I think i know. N from dirty table clothes. Too dirty glasses not once but 2x give up on clean one. If it wasn't for husband stopping me complaining right then u would of heard it all in person. I know restaurant have off nights. But this was beyond OFF.Great service and great food. I had the veal and it was awesome. The spinach and mashed potatoes that it comes with we're A+. I would definitely go back and recommend this place.I was really in the mood to house some Italian food and always pass by this corner gem. I decided to try Eatalia and was so glad I did. The place is cozy on the inside and has outdoor seating available. It was a nice night so we sat outside to dine. It was like being in my backyard but having a fabulous waitstaff and kitchen attached. Our servers and hosts  Frank and Mike made sure we were not forgotten outside  and were always available if we needed anything. The guys took the time to give full descriptions of all the specials and all of them sounded amazing!  Our app came out quickly and was a shareable size. Our meals  from the specials menu were  house made spinach gnocchi and a snapper in a triple sec sauce. Portions were pretty large and things were cooked perfectly. We finished up with the tiramisu and Frank's homemade cheesecake which was one of the best things i've ever put in my face. The service was  incredible and friendly. I really felt like I was at someone's home. Such a great addition to the neighborhood I can't wait to go back. Thank you Mike and Frank for being so awesome!So, I am a repeat offender - and thankfully so.  I decided to share part of my anniversary celebration at EATalia.  Once again, I loved it and so did my spouse!  The service was exceptional, personable and professional.  And the specials were out of this world.  The cost is so fair it's a crime!  I can see this BYOB going pretty far and hope it does.  Frank, you demonstrated why this place is so special.  Thank you!!  And hats off to the Chef and Staff!I will first start by saying that the service here is some of the best I've ever had. Friendly, knowledgable and there for anything you ask for immediately without being over bearing.
Now to the food, we started off with the antipasto, a weekend special, and it was amazing. Prosciutto, mortadella, sharp provolone, stuffed peppers and many other thing, marinated in a delicious oil, it was perfect. 
I got the porterhouse steak special next topped with Gorgonzola and an amazing steak sauce. Cooked veggies and mashed potatoes on the side, it was perfectly cooked and everything went perfect with the next thing. My girlfriend got the lasagna which had the best mozzarella cheese I've had, and the sauce was also amazing. 
We got the Tierra massou finally and that was perfect as well. 
Between the perfect food and the great service I would highly recommend this place to anyone.One of my favorite restaurants in port Richmond/fishtown... Food is always good and service is excellent. The owner Frank is a very good guy and so friendly!! It's a small BYOB which I always love. I have been going there since they opened I believe it's about 2 or 3 years now!! From girls nights to dinner dates, I always pick to go there!!!I went here last night for a relative's birthday. Everything from the pesto/olive oil with bread to the mascarpone and limoncello icing cake was DELICIOUS. We tried a bunch of apps (eggplant rollentini, caprese salad, grilled calamari, bruchetta)--all great!
Very fresh tasting, great specials, reasonable prices, super nice owner and staff. It's off the beaten path a little, but now that we've found it, we will definitely be back soon! Plus, they take reservations AND are BYOB!I was there tonight and had the bruschetta and eggplant rollatini as appetizers and the the vodka gnocchi with out pancetta (by special request). The food was amazing, the service was great and we were definitely treated like family. Will be going back for sure :)I will first start by saying that the service here is some of the best I've ever had. Friendly, knowledgable and there for anything you ask for immediately without being over bearing.
Now to the food, we started off with the antipasto, a weekend special, and it was amazing. Prosciutto, mortadella, sharp provolone, stuffed peppers and many other things, marinated in a delicious oil, it was perfect. 
I got the porterhouse steak special next topped with Gorgonzola and an amazing steak sauce. Cooked veggies and mashed potatoes on the side, it was perfectly cooked and everything went perfect with the next thing. My girlfriend got the lasagna which had the best mozzarella cheese I've had, and the sauce was also amazing. 
We got the Tierra massou finally and that was perfect as well. 
Between the perfect food and the great service I would highly recommend this place to anyone.Best Italian food in the area for sure!  I've been there twice so far and everything was delicious.  It's so close too, I'm sure I'll be going there often.Once again i am enamored with this restaurant.  High quality food at affordable costs!  Crazy!  The staff and owner are professional, personable and are on top of the game here.  We tried the specials and were very impressed.  Cozy atmosphere and parking is no issue.  Frank the owner sets the standard for service- master of the craft.  I hope they expand and open up closer to where i live!  Great job!!!!!Start: Scored a reservation at 8:30, an hour and a half before seating time. Wait: about half hour, which would've been less had the 3-top that was ours not stayed 1.5 hours after finishing their meal and desserts. 
Appetizers:
Bruschetta-Six large slivers of perfectly toasted bread topped with traditional bruschetta topping and a balsamic glaze. Very satisfying, the bread was edible and not overly toasted, and the tomato topping was very fresh. Recommended. 
Caprese Salad-Again, traditional caprese, super fresh toppings, one of the best I've had. Recommended. 
PEI Mussels in White Sauce-Ok, the mussels were a touch fishy, but, still edible for sure. I'd pass on this the next time around. 
Entrees:
Lobster Ravioli-Good, but not the best ever. Very generous portions of crab and shrimp with a very nice cream sauce, but, the lobster in the ravioli was just a touch fishy. That said, I'd still eat it again. 
Triple Sec Tuna-He loved it, although I didn't try it.
Dessert:
Tiramisu-At first glance, it appears heavy on the lady fingers, and I was dreading a soggy, rum filled mess, but it was delicious. Generous portion. Recommended. 
Service:
Attentive, but a touch inexperienced. The main server was good, but, due to the noise level inside, we struggled to hear the specials. The girl setting and clearing the table was a bit inexperienced, stacking up the entire flight of appetizer plates and bread plates in one fell swoop. But, very pleasant. 
I love the location here, its super close to home, and a great place for Italian food in Fishtown. Can't wait to go back again.Tucked away as it is on Cumberland Street, I never would've found Eatalia if it weren't for Yelp and the positive ratings it had for the place.  All of them are completely deserved, as my fiancee and I couldn'tve been more happy with every part of the dining experience.  
One of the managers and owners of the place, John, could not have been more helpful and friendly.  He even warned us that one of the specials we were ordering (the crabcakes) were a few dollars more expensive than other things on the menu, after we'd briefly complained about the misery of paying for our own wedding.  We got them anyway, and don't regret a thing, by the way -- all crabmeat, baked and served over some spicy fra diavlo sauce with garlic mashed potatoes.  I loved everything about my meal.
My fiancee got the branzino in a semi-sweet triple sec reduction sauce, and it was as good as my own dish.  Honestly, we just ended up splitting the two dishes, as it was too hard to resist either of them.
I don't Yelp much, but felt that I had to after that meal.  We're both so happy this restaurant is in our neighborhood and can't wait to go back.  (Also: Moving here from Brooklyn -- How great is BYOB???)We were here on a slow Friday night. We arrived around 8:45 and were seated promptly. It looked like they were slowly getting ready to close, there was only one table that seemed to have finished their meals. Waiter told us the specials, opened our wine and so far we're good! We ordered our appetizers and asked to have an other min to think about main course when he advised we shouldn't think too long since the kitchen is about to close. Understandable. After being served the apps it only took about another 10-15 min for them to bring the main course out, while we were still working on the apps. Also the busboy started lifting up the chairs while we were still eating, and the waiter seemed to call him and asked him to not do that while cstms are in the dining room. We were asked once if everything was ok, which I like because in other places you cannot hold a conversation without being interrupted like 5 times. We felt a little rushed, understandably because we were the only ones left by now and we were holding them there. If we would have been there a tad earlier I'm sure our dining experience might have been much better. Food was good, our mussels app had sand in them, so either they were not washed good, or they had sand on the inside so once they were cooked got outThis place is a beautiful lil hole in the wall . The food is beyond amazing . my boyfriend took me here on a date we had the bruschetta and Rockefeller oysters for appetizers. then we had the lobster ravioli and the filet mignon for the entrees . everything was seriously delicious like melt in your mouth good . literally food porn , I think this is my new favorite place .This place was great - amazing service (seriously top notch), great food & a good vibe. Highlights were the lasagna, eggplant rolls, stuff long hots & MY GOD THE DESSERTS WERE UNREAL (and I'm not a dessert guy). A very good sweet red sauce on all the dishes. 
Funny thing is, if you live in Center City & have a car, this place is easier to get to (factoring in parking) then most places in Center City. 
Only downside was, we went on a Sunday and the bread tasted like yesterday's Amoroso's re-heated in an oven.... to get to the next level, you need fresh bread IMO. 
HIGHLY recommended.We've just had dinner at Eatalia for the 2nd time in the last 3 months and each time, our meal has been delicious.  The quality and consistency of the cooking and the creative daily specials really makes this place a true "find", in my opinion.  
Just a few minutes off I-95, it's easier to get here than to most restaurants in Center City or South Philly and the free street parking couldn't be any easier.  Overall, this is a comfortable, reasonably priced, unassuming neighborhood BYOB which has become one of my new favorites.Right down the street from our house, we didn't go here for months after moving in. Not sure why, but I just didn't think it would be good. 
Location is strange, it's in our residential area of olde Richmond... But great!!! 
Awesome service and mostly importantly great food. 
Went 3 other people and we all ate each other's food because everyone wanted to try it all. Chicken parm - awesome. Lobster ravioli - awesome. Steak - awesome. Fish dish - awesome. 
And it's BYOB which makes its extra great. 
I'd suggest this to anyone in the area!!! 
Call ahead though, because it gets packed and you need a reservation to get a table on a busy night!It's extremely tiny and packed.. and very loud!!! The service was pretty good.. The food was okay, but not anything special! It's BYOB, so that is a plus.I've been here a number of times now and I'm changing my review from 4 to 5 stars. I love having this place in the neighborhood but it would be worth taking a drive for if I didn't live here. We haven't had one thing that we haven't loved. Their gnocchi is really unbelievable. I keep hearing their lobster ravioli and lasagna are amazing but haven't caught them on the special yet. The rollatini is still my favorite app and their arugula salad has just the right amount of lemon. This is a small BYOB so you might need reservations on the weekend, but there's room for you any weekday for lunch or dinner and you really need to try it.We just got take out from here.  I had the seafood risotto, but it was not like risotto at all.  It was just rice in light red sauce.  Risotto is supposed to have a certain consistency and mouth feel that makes it risotto! Also, my seafood was overcooked.  My husband got the chicken piccata, which was kinda dry.  He was also disappointed it only came with veggies and no pasta...especially for the price  I give it a solid 3 stars, but there are way too many good choices around here to try this place again.I honestly don't think this yelp review will do this amazing meal justice but I will try!
We were visiting Philly on a Saturday night and pulled up Yelp to find a good italian spot. This place exceeded every expectation we had!
First, its BYOB (doesn't exist in VA) so we were already pumped and prepared with two bottles of red wine. We pulled up in an uber to this "off the beaten path" cute little restaurant close to 9pm. We were one of 3 tables and ended up closing the place down. 
They start you off with fresh hot peppers (spicy!) and fresh baked bread. 
I ordered the Amatricianna with the spicy sauce and my boy got the veal saltimboca. I literally cannot express how delicious both dishes were. 
We definitely would have ordered dessert - but I really wanted the Tiramisu - which wasn't a speical that evening. 
Did I mention all this great food cost only $42 bucks! We will definitely be back next time we are in Philly (basically planning a trip back just to eat here).Horrible !!! I love to eat and very seldom complain about food but this place was just no good !!! Where do I start ? I'll start with the flies that wouldn't leave us alone. Fruit flies & regular flies.  I ordered mussels for my appetizer and when they came out I could smell a strong smell of fish. Anyone who knows about seafood knows that it shouldn't smell but I tasted it anyway and it was just down right disgusting. They served me old mussels. After sending them back the next appetizer I ordered was cold in the center.  And for dinner I had the lobster ravioli. The ravioli was just ok and supposably that's there main dish !! Not recommended at all !!! No surprise that we got reservations last minute.  The place was empty when we got there and when we left.Really great off the beaten path Italian on the Port Richmond / Kensington border. A pretty small building with a simple but nice dining room. Great service and fresh food. The prices were a little higher but no different than what you would have down in South Philly.  I went with the lobster raviolis and the wife had the chicken Parmesan.  Both excellent. The homemade meatballs were fantastic too. Plenty of street parking. BYOB.I don't see how anyone would have anything bad to say! This place is literally perfection. The food is hands down delicious & taste homemade. It's family owned & has a really cozy vibe to it. PS: it's BYOB don't forget!!!!Just moved to the area and this was my first time here with my parents. Frank, the owner, was very kind and welcoming. We began dinner with the bruschetta appetizer and we also ordered meatballs which were the special of the day. For entrees, I had the special lobster ravioli, my mom had the chicken picatta, and my dad had the special of chicken parmesan. We finished with dessert which was peach gelato, cannoilis and we had cappuccino. Every dish we had was delicious and packed with flavor. The portions were a good amount and the price was very reasonable for what we ordered. The restaurant is quaint and very clean. We will definitely be regulars here.I'm so lucky that I live close to this restaurant! Excellent food, some of the best gnocchi I have ever had- and I am a huge gnocchi fan. The meatballs are awesome.  My long distance fiance wanted to try it when he came to town after hearing my rave reviews, we went last week and had a fantastic dinner.
The food is amazing, always fresh and delicious. BYOB does't hurt either. A great place to try, if you're in the neighborhood you really should not pass it up. John took great care of us. I would suggest getting a reservation because they only have three 2-tops and you do not want to miss out on this little gem.Went to Eatalia for dinner last night.  Arrived around 5:30 and was seated promptly and politely.  From the hot seeded bread, delicious antipasto, stuffed chicken breast, garlic mash, vegetables and unbelievalbe tiramisu and cream puffs, it was a wonderful experience.  I too enjoyed Bistro Juliani and I am pleased to have again in the neighborhood a delicious establishment to frequent.Service excellent!
Food outstanding I had the bolognese special it was delicious.  I also had the meatball app which was also very good.  Def will return!Our plans fell through a few Saturdays ago, so I suggested this new place to my husband to try out.  We called and luckily they had a cancellation that night and we were able to get in.  Great food & great service. Small place but nice cozy atmosphere. Have friends visiting in two weeks from out of state and we ve already put in our reservations.  Great to BYOB!From ambiance to decor, the smells tastes and desserts, I've been blown away.  What a delectable little eatery in a prospering neighborhood. If you've failed to visit, fret not. EaTalia is here to stay!!!!!Great atmosphere!!! Awesome for a date night. Food was delicious. I had the gnocchi in vodka sauce and it was amazing. Our party also ordered various apppetizers. The cheese plate was delicious as well as the bruscetta. I did not taste the eggplant but my friends claimed it was delicious. I definitely will be returning.Great food, very good portions and nice service at reasonable prices. Everything has been great every time we ate there during the past few years. We eat here on a regular basis and will return.absoutely the best little bistro  byob this side of the port richmond line , caprese salad, perfect! scallops wrapped in bacon stellar! lobster ravioli ! delicioso ! and the frutti di mare rissotto is mouth watering !you must come to this place if you love italian food !We found this place on Google when our regular spot was closed. I am so glad we did. The food was amazing as well as the service. The octopus and meatball appetizer awesome. We had the chicken parm and lobster ravioli ..so good. The tiramisu was the best. This was a good find and we will be back.Go to this place. Order like seven cannolis. You can go to the gym later it's fine. Now let me explain, I'm Italian. I'm a sucker for Italian food. And sweets. And really just food in general. That being said, I've had cannoli and then I've had "cannoli" - you know - the store bought icing filled cookie that resembles a cannoli so they call it a cannoli but it's just an imposter. Forget about those. This place does them right, and that's something to be treasured. So like I said, go. Grab 7. Minimum. And maybe hit the gym on your way home.We really enjoyed this place! We snagged a 7:30pm Friday reservation at this small BYOB and had to wait about 10 minutes for the only two person table to open outside-there are only a few tables in the whole place. The waiter (probably the owner?) was incredibly nice and accommodating. We had the burrata bruschetta special with peaches and balsamic glaze and split two other specials-chicken parmesan and lobster ravioli topped with crab and shrimp-both were amazing! You can tell it's all homemade, great sauce and pasta. We were able to hang out and finish our bottle of wine until after the place closed at 9pm. I look forward to going back and trying more specials!Visiting here for the Philly Half Marathon and made reservations last night at Eatalia based on all the great recommendations. Amazing!! A couple of us had the lasagne, one had the lobster ravioli and the other had a special vegan dish the chef came up with. Everything was so tasty and fresh! Oh, and we started with the bruschetta and the meatballs. Wow! Can't say enough about this restaurant. Very friendly family owned business. Will definitely come here again.Valentine's dinner, $70 a person, Filet mignon was  on the menu when it was served it looked more like pot roast. I called the owner and told him I was disappointed with the meal and said my girlfriend told me not to say anything at the restaurant. Said I didn't want to cause a scene. I didn't enjoy the meal, he said sorry you had a bad experience and hangs up on me. I was getting heated, I agree, but not to the point of complete anger that warranted to be hung up on. I called and said I'll send a picture of the meat. He texts me a picture of (as he says) "standard grade filet". I said it's not filet mignon like was stated. In the end he wins, it's not the servers fault the meal was trash, they got my $180 dollars so good for them. I'm sure their food is amazing on any other night, but tonight was supposed to be the tops and what we got was sub par.Came for dinner second week in a row and again the food and service was amazing  appetizer was the meatballs  entree sad to say I ordered the same thing from the week before "salmon rigatoni"  and for dessert the tiramisu which was aaaammmmaaaazzziiinnnggg! I'm just in love with this restaurant it's a great place to bring a mate or just a friend for a quant delicious dinner! ENJOYCan't say enough good things about this place! The food was incredible, the mussels are delicous. The lobster ravioli will not disappoint.  The waitress was helpful and very friendly.I don't generally write restaurant reviews, but...I was so excited to finally have a nicer restaurant open up pretty close to me, and ended up being so disappointed. Lackluster atmosphere, inattentive service - I had to wait forever for water, and then content myself with one glass the whole 2 hours I was in there, waiting for my meal. I'll be charitable and say the food was okay, but not terribly inspired - half the pasta dishes were just red gravy with one thing or another added into it, and I'm no chef but could have made better for cheaper at home. My dessert tasted old, and I don't feel like $15 is the right price for a smallish plate of pasta with sauce eaten while looking out at the loading dock and dumpsters of the Port Richmond Thriftway.Not that good...much better Italian in the city.  Staff was a disgrace.. Food subpar, only plus byob.I was there last night celebrating  my daughters  birthday  .and this place was very accommodating. letting us bring in our own  cake ..now the food was just amazing we started  with grilled peaches  with homemade cheese. wow  next I had lobster ravioli with shrimp and crabmeat the best thing I ever ate.. staff was very attentive never waited for water or bread. can't wait to go back..After driving past Eatalia 50 times on my way home from the gym and wondering what it was I finally googled the address and was pleased to find that it was an Italian BYOB within walking distance to my house. I immediately made a reservation for four for Friday night. Eatalia did indeed hold up to the reputation laid out by fellow Yelpers. The service was impeccable. Our server and the owner catered to our every whim, water glasses were constantly refilled, food was brought out quickly, we were checked on but not rushed in the slightest, and not bothered while we downed two huge bottles of wine while chatting and laughing (O.K. we drank that wine pretty damn fast). As for the food we ordered the anti pasta for four, I was a little underwhelmed with this as I felt a lot of the flavors on the dish tasted too similar, nothing jumped out at me but others at the table throughly enjoyed it. My reccomendation though would be pass at a price of $40.00 for the table. For my main course I ordered a seafood risotto, there was a good amount of seafood, the risotto was cooked just right, a very tasty dish. My sister ordered the veal Saltimboca, the super tasty vegetables (we want more, we want more), salty procciutto combined with perfectly cooked veal, spinach and provolone definitely made it the meal of the night. Her fiance got a fish dish that was on special, he seemed pleased with it though I didn't taste it. My boyfriend ordered the carbonara, he must have loved it as it was gone in less than five minutes. When it came time to order dessert I asked the owner if the tiramisu had chocolate on it to which he told me no (I HATE HATE HATE chocolate but LOVE LOVE LOVE tiramisu) my sister ordered a spice cake and her fiance ordered some kind of chocolate dessert, about five minutes later the owner came back and said he was mistaken and the tiramisu did indeed have chocolate on it. He offered me some icecream or something else which I declined. I was slightly dissapointed but really appreciated him letting me know before bringing out a dessert I would never eat. My sisters spice cake was delicious as well as the cappucinos we ordered. With it's super convenient location, great service and good food, we will definitely be back to Eatalia.Unbelievable little BYOB that just opened up. So tiny and quaint. The service was excellent and the food was fantastic. I would HIGHLY recommend the antipasto, it was HUGE and delicious. The vodka sauce was also great! The pancetta in it was so flavorful. Not to mention, the prices were beyond reasonable. I think the most expensive entree was $19. I will definitely be back.My husband and I ate here a few months ago. When I saw the reviews just now, I had to leave one. 
If you want good authentic Italian food, do not go here. If you are satisfied with completely Americanized Italian with little flavor that you could probably make just as well in your kitchen, then this is the place for you. The portions are very big - probably to cover up the mediocrity of the food. We had a significant amount of food leftover but chose not to take it with us because it just wasn't good. 
The service was bad. At one point we didn't see our waiter for a very long time. Turns out he was outside eating with someone. He was the type of guy that just came off as obnoxious and apparently wanted to schmooze more than actually do his job. 
We often joke about what an awful choice we made that night. I just don't understand the other reviews. There are much better Italian BYOBS in Philly. I would hate for someone visiting the city see that this place has 4 stars and decide to come here. Philly has so much more to offer than this.absoutely the best little bistro  byob this side of the port richmond line , caprese salad, perfect! scallops wrapped in bacon stellar! lobster ravioli ! delicioso ! and the frutti di mare rissotto is mouth watering !you must come to this place if you love italian food ! i went to this restiarant twoce in one week and it was well worth it i may go for a record and do brunch there this week  !This was our second attempt to like this restaurant but alas it was not in the cards.  We came here several months ago and were scared off because the food was soooo salty.  Well tonight the food was much better but the service was not.  Our server was indifferent at best and even surly.  He was clearly overwhelmed as they were very busy.  That does not excuse them for ignoring us or having such an indifferent persona when they remembered we were here, even though we were only a party of two.  We watched several parties show up, wait patiently, get ignored, then leave.  We will not put this on our
 favorite restaurant list.Another great meal for lunch today. Went there with a group of 15 people from work and every order was on point. I had gnocchi in vodka sauce with pancetta and peas and it actually took me off guard just how good it was. They were perfect and the sauce was excellent. Our waiter was on the ball as well. Thanks for another great meal!!!This was the spot for friends birthday celebration.  We were large group of 18 and Eatalia had no issue accommodating us.  The menu had plenty of choices and offered generous amount of specials.  The table shared clams in red sauce & white wine, bruschetta and roasted peppers and cheese.  I ordered the house salad and tuna special over broccoli rabe with clams, mussels and calamari.  I asked to have tuna prepared rare and to have the shellfish on the side. Tuna was medium rare more towards well & shellfish was on another plate with red sauce.  My meal was good. Others had pasta, filet and chicken entrees.  The desserts, tiramisu, lemon marscarpone cake looked good too.  It was hard not trying the bread with what looked liked pesto dipping sauce or order pasta. I would go back and definitely try a pasta.I took my mom and my sister here last night for dinner. Although I was a little late it was for Mother's day and I wanted to try something new. Coincidentally, I have a dining out black card and this was one of the listed restaurants. Before going, I read the Yelp reviews and decided this might be a good place to try. My mom lives in downtown Philly so it was just a hop, skip and jump to get here. 
I can't say anything negative except the tables might be better with tablecloths. The food and service were very good and we all tried something different. My mom had a terrific veal chop; my sister had a chicken dish and I had fabulous lobster ravioli dish smothered with crab meat and shrimp. I also had a stuffed portabella mushroom for my appetizer! We were all too full for dessert. 
I highly recommend this small, great little find on Cumberland Street and look forward to going back again.We went here for a prix fix Valentine's Day meal. It was $70 per person for a set 4 course menu. Overall, I did feel that $70 was fairly pricey but it was Valentine's Day and it is BYOB.
The place itself is sorta off the beaten path, right off 95 with a bodega and Applebees nearby.  I was a bit wary but pleasantly surprised when we walked in. It's warm, cozy, and very intimate. Probably about 25 tables very closely squeezed in but didn't feel cramped. Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and recited the menu as nothing was written down. Not rushed either so a big plus on the service. As far as the menu - we got a choice of cesar or house salad to start, choice of appetizer (eggplant, meatballs, or long hots), choice of entree (lobster ravioli, branzino for fish, chicken parm, or filet mignon) and then choice of desert that was constantly changing.  
Food was very good though certain things seemed better than others. I felt like my house salad could have used something besides lettuce and dressing. Amazing pesto sauce with the complimentary bread and they were very generous in giving loaves of bread throughout the meal. I got the meatballs for my appetizer and they were amazing! Tasted homemade with good seasoning. I also got the branzino which was flavorful, tender, and delicious! My boyfriend got the chicken parm and it tasted store bought and sorta artificial so glad with my choice of entree. Not a huge fan of that chicken parm. All the portions sizes were large and didn't feel pared down at all. I got the tiramsu for desert - fairly standard but a big piece. They were already out of the cannolis by the time we ordered so that was a little disappointing.  All in all, a good meal and highly recommended!Wow. How lucky am I that this phenomenal restaurant is blocks away from my home? No more will I have to contend with south Philly parking when I want genuine Italian food...no sir!
So if you can put aside the fact that Eatalia has a name that is nails on a chalkboard for any Italian person, and quite literally situated under the highway, you are in for a real treat.  The inside can only be described as quaint. The genuinely sweet nature of the host and server makes you feel very at home...as does the fact that I think this place used to be someone's home! Since it's small you will want to make reservations, by the way.
If anyone has read my other reviews you will know nothing infuriates me like an Italian restaurant giving you a cold roll and a pad of butter.  Eatalia gets it right, warm Sarcone's with a delicious roasted pepper pesto. 
The menu here is nicely varied and there were an ample amount of specials to choose from. I went with a pasta dish with broccoli rabe, sausage, tomatoes, and the perfect amount of garlic.  The portion was quite large and it was just delicious. I really can't say enough about the quality and the taste...perfection!
In conclusion, Eatalia is my new hot spot.  All this and BYOB status...what could be better.Way overpriced for food that was good but wasn't great. Party of 6 came out to close to 200 dollars. 3 of the ones in that party were children. I mean come on, 17 dollars for chicken Alfredo and a little over 20 dollars for cheese ravioli?  It's a disgrace to charge that much for something so very simple. If you look at the money signs it states there are 2 when clearly it should be marked 4 because of their prices. Don't try and drum up your business by charging outrageous prices but by offering great food at reasonable prices and you'll get more than enough business.I love this place!  We have been several times and the owner and his wife are lovely.  The food is delicious and they are very accommodating.  I have never had one bad dish there and they have great specials!  They don't mind us making special requests for our toddler, and he loves the food there too.  The service is great and everyone is very friendly.  I highly recommend this restaurant!Where to begin.. On Valentines day, I was called multiple times, requesting to switch my reservation. Fine, no big deal, the adjustment actually worked in my favor considering I had to commute to and from work prior.
We get to the restaurant 10 minutes before our reservation and the room is empty (why did I have to change my reservation?) and filled with putrid smoke: as if someone burned an entire steak to a crisp. I wave this off like nothing happened as I am excited to look at the menu; we are seated against the wall with very little room on either side. No doubt that the room is small, and I could understand needing the volume considering the rave reviews my friends have given the joint.
A waiter promptly attends us and asks us what our courses would be. This is the moment we learn that there is Prix fixe tonight - no notice in the phone call requesting a reservation change, no notice on their website or on their Facebook page. Hmm. I consider our options (being a party of 2) and immediately assume yes, this shouldn't be too much.
An aside here: I don't ever bother to eat Prix fixe unless I know exactly how much a meal costs prior. This was the first time I've ever thrown caution to the wind, and I can't regret it enough. 
We order our salads, apps, and meals. The ceasar salad is smaller than average but better than Burger King's, I suppose. This is promptly gobbled up and the next course arrives.. My partner ordered meatballs and I the roasted peppers. Her plate contains 2 large meatballs, covered in red sauce, standard fare. I tried them, they were pretty good, I cannot rescind that. My plate, however, consists of 10 square-inch pieces of cheese surrounding literally 5 strings of roasted red peppers. The cheeses were good, one of them was great, but the peppers absolutely came out of a jar from the supermarket across the street. Look up the definition of lackluster, those peppers are an example on Merriam-Webster.
We work our way through wine and eat what we have, and in a few minutes after all is clear, the entrees arrive. My chicken parmesan is par for the course- breaded chicken with tomato sauce, parmesan and spaghetti on the side. My partners lobster ravioli was ornately decorated and frankly, quite delicious. This is the last positive thing I will leave here.
We continued with our courses and were asked of our dessert choices. I opted for the mousse, she requested the marscapone.  The mood at the table was light for the last time. The instant our dessert arrived, the check followed. I chuckle over something lighthearted and bouncy, as valentines day should be, and opened the bill. Gasp. $150 for this meal (consisting on my end of less than 600 kcal, at most) for two people. 
For background, I've spent the last two valentines days at Italian restaurants. Last year, at Brigantessa of South Philly, we spent a total of $90 on a pizza, two meals and entrees, and some wine by the glass. The year prior at Bellini's, we each received stunning meals with appetizers and drinks for roughly $85. The food at both of these locations was considerably higher quality than what we received tonight. What we received should have been exactly half the price we paid. What this meal felt like was a gouging exercise. At no point was any of this food worth more than $40 per person. At no point did this really taste like anything better than Olive Garden.
This bill was high enough to force me to get cash out on behalf of my partner. Some reading this may think that we shouldn't go out if I didn't have enough for this meal.. Mind you I was prepared to spend $100 on non prix-fixe, which according to the standard menu (consult it, it looks fantastic) would be more than enough to eat an excellent meal.
After paying and walking out, we noticed the little chalkboard outside that said "Valentines day meal - $70/ person." Gee, thanks for the heads up.
I had enough cash in my wallet for a reasonable meal near anywhere else - I was expecting to take some home with me after tipping. Instead I had no room to tip and frankly no desire to - your unethical approach to what should be a pleasant meal effectively sunk all of my liquid cash for the next 3 days and ruined our valentines day. Instead of reflecting on our love, we're now bickering about how to pay for our food for the rest of the week.
How could you have prevented this? Be upfront about Prix fixe (put it on Facebook/ your website, tell me when YOU CALL ME TO CHANGE THE DAMN RESERVATION), and if you're going to charge an arm and a leg, you had best plate an entire arm and leg (per head). I heard great things but will now only ever attempt to dissuade anyone contemplating eating your food. 
For a place that proudly sports the tagline "Inexpensive Italian" I can't imagine why you'd nickel and dime Philadelphians for a meal that would lose in a contest against Carrabas.
One more thing.. My shirt still smells like an entire burned steak.We had a reservation for 6 people. We arrived at the restaurant and there were no tables. We were asked to squeeze into a 4 person table and we declined. We were then asked to wait another 30 minutes for an actual table to open up. Not acceptable.Wow! What a wonderful little BYOB in Fishtown. The food, atmosphere and service was outstanding. Dined here on Saturday. The staff was so friendly, as were the other patrons. The food was delicious. The porterhouse was cooked to perfection and was the best I have ever tasted. cannot wait to go back!Service was great, let me say that first. Meatball appetizer overpowered by rosemary, sadly. But the tomato sauce was excellent. Swordfish, calamari, clams & mussel special was incredible! It sat in a white wine & garlic sauce and was paired with fresh pasta. Dessert of tiramisu & pumpkin spice cake were a dream!! Expensive at $10 a slice though! Overall, def check out Eatalia...its totally worth the trip.By far the most amazing food! We took our family here for our daughters 30th birthday. We had 8 in our party. We all like to try each other's food. Each and every appetizer and entree was incredible! Frank and his family are so warm and welcoming. We had a wonderful night and will definitely be back again soon!The owners hosted a party for my girls' soccer team.  It was fantastic!  The food was excellent and the service was superb!  The tiramisu and pumpkin ravioli were second to none!  Can't wait to go back again.  Thanks so much!I have been meaning to submit a review for Eatalia and feel bad I haven't done this sooner! 
I went to dinner with a few friends to Eatalia and consider myself an EXTREMELY picky eater.  I was a little skeptical because I had yet to hear about the place and it's a little off the beaten path.  However, if I would recommend any Italian restaurant in the city, this would be one of them.  I have been to La Viola, Gnocchi, Porcini, Modo Mio, and all of the top Italian restaurants and I can honestly say the food here definitely competes with all of them.  
We started with the antipasta and I assure you it was extremely good and had an excellent variety.  Next was the crabcake.  I am extremely picky about crabcakes but this was EXCELLENT! Nice crisp outside and juicy lump crabmeat inside.  Definitely one of the best I have ever had.  From there, I had the Filet Mignon in a Fra Diavalo sauce.  I am sitting here today writing the review while craving their Fra Diavalo sauce.  EXCELLENT!
We finished off with the Tiramasu and loved it.  They also definitely get points for the presentation!
I think the difference between Eatalia and all of the other Philadelphia Italian BYOBs is that it really conveys that small, intimate setting that you crave when you go to an Italian restaurant.  The owner is waiting on tables, meeting with customers and makes you feel at home.   You feel welcome and are not just "another" customer!  You can definitely tell that they are passionate about what they do!  
This is definitely the type of place I see myself going to weekly to have dinner with family & friends.  
If you are looking for a diamond in the rough, this is your place!! I'm just upset I didn't know of this place sooner!Great food and the manager is a great guy coming back again...pumped for the outside eating during the summer and great Italian food with the hassle of going to the cityFantastic food. Friendly and prompt service.  I have no idea what possessed them to open in such a crappy location, but the food makes up for it, and I'm not going to complain too much about the location since it is so close to my home.I have gone to Eatalia on multiple occasions since it opened years ago and have always loved this spot! The staff has always been very friendly, and the food delicious. My experience this past weekend was so poor that I do not think that I will go back. My friend asked for the champagne she brought to go on ice, which instead was left in the sun. The bread took about 20 minutes to come out and our water glasses were left empty, even after I had asked to have them refilled. I understand that that the restaurant was busy and clearly understaffed that night, but I found the constant reply of "No" from my waiter very rude. We asked for more bread, "No"...more water, "No..." I believe this was his way of kidding but when we did not get more water or more bread, I was not amused. Our food was tasty but definitely not worth the price. We were not informed that our fish specials were each $39 and were shocked when we received the bill. I can get better quality fish at other places in the city for less and be reassured that my water glass will be refilled.My experience at this byob was super good!  The entire experience from online reservations, exceptional customer service and wonderful food will be real hard to beat.  Frank is a super wonderful owner/host who exudes personable attention to each guest.  I will most definitely be back with family and friends. Awesome! Ciao!Eatalia is simply fantastic! I have eaten there 4 times now, and the food is always great. It is a wonderful gem in the neighborhood, and completely family friendly. Everyone there always has a smile on their face when you walk in the door. This is a quality Italian restaurant!Definitely satisfied my craving for pasta. The artichokes were perfectly tart, the garlic chunks so soft, and the sundried tomatoes had flavor. The linguine was al-dente, which I love. The chicken was a perfect breast, not overly cooked, and paired well with the rest of the meal. 
I will be getting food from here again as they are take out as well! Score!A cozy little hidden gem, and a BYO! Score.
The service was absolutely wonderful, I felt very welcomed and "at home". Our waiter sold us on the Grilled Peach Burrata Bruschetta, which was very good and a very large portion size. I would definitely recommend their homemade Vodka Gnocchi, some of the best "melt in your mouth" gnocchi I've ever had.
The only negative I have is that there was zero air conditioning. The temperature outside was 75-80+ degrees, and our only heat relief and salvation was the open windows and a ceiling fan. No can do. Especially when seated directly next to the kitchen and your pasta is doused in crushed red pepper.
I will definitely be back when it isn't blazing hot outside.This Italian restaurant is tucked on a corner of cumberland and is located almost directly under the busy highway/freeway. We didnt have any trouble finding it and parking was also pretty easy, which was great. We had reserved an outdoor table because the weather was overcast but not rainy, and we also brought a bottle of red wine to accompany our dinner. BYOB is always excellent.
Unfortunately as we sat down a few drizzles began and we asked the server, " what happens if it begins to rain?" he replied "um nothing we can do if that happens". Hmmm interesting. There is a covering along that side of the building but it barely extends to the edge of the (very small might I add) table. We just had to pray it didnt start to come down in the middle of the meal then I guess. I think because there was a large party inside the service was a little spotty, which they did apologize about at the end of our dinner, but still.
The menu was impressive and we ordered a few starters from our servers recommendations- I can say that the fried eggplant mussels in white sauce were pretty delicious. It was my entree- the carbonara, which was a major disappointment. Just nothing wow for the $18 dinner price. My friend's bf got the special of the night which was branzino, but I wasnt a whole fish as I have been acustomed to, and the skin wasnt even that crispy. The orange flavored sauce gave it a sweetness that did not fit my taste. The lobster ravioli was probably the best, and even that was just OK.
I think they warrant another try, but maybe after a little time has passed.We had high expectations fir what appeared to be a charming place with a very intriguing menu. The food was marginal, the burrata with peach appetizer was very nice.  Bronzini was not cooled well. Chicken and veal dishes were over cooked. The worst part about the dinner was the awful attitude of the one server, who was the owner or manager. Should consider a new career.We met another couple here on a Tuesday night for dinner. They had been here twice before and wanted us to check it out. We were a little worried about parking since it is a neighborhood and we were meeting at 7, well after most people are home for the night. Not to worry. There were many spots open on the street, and a lot directly across the street. The outside is very cute with black awnings and white lights. The space is small, as are most places in the area, with about 10 tables, but as another Yelper mentioned does not feel crowded. We had a reservation but really didn't need one. I would guess it's more crowded on the weekends. Atmosphere is intimate with low lighting, white tablecloths, and candles on each table. There is no pretension whatsoever. It is s BYO, and as soon as we sat down the waiter came right over to open our bottles. We ordered the stuffed long hots, meatballs, and rollentini to split among us. Each were the perfect portion for sharing or to keep to yourself. The meatballs (2 generous size) came with a dollop of ricotta and were very tasty, long hots were not too hot, just right and with the complimentary bread were perfect. The rollentini were also very tasty, and again splitting 3 apps between 4 was the perfect amount. You could tell they were all made in house. Two of us had the lobster ravioli based on previous reviews and we were not disappointed. They came in a silky creamy based sauce and were garnished with several nice sized (broiled?) shrimp and lump crabmeat. Another person had pockets of pasta stuffed with pear and pieces of chicken. She said the combination was well balanced and delicious. My husband had a seafood risotto and again he couldn't find fault with his meal. We all took food home, so did not get dessert. As with the appetizers it was obvious that everything was made in house. It's very much a family affair in the kitchen. If you are looking for a nice Italian meal at a casual place that definitely does not rush you, this is the place for you.My first time here and I'll definitely go back.  Food was really good.  I'm hard top please when it comes to authentic Italian food and I was a very happy customer.  Will definitely go back.I have lived in Philly my whole life and been in the restaurant business for 16 years... and with that comes a love of good food and an appreciation of the entire dining experience. I was surprised to see a negative review in the City Paper about this restaurant, because my experience was nothing of what the "food critic" wrote about. 
The owner Frank made the experience great from appetizers to dessert.  My friend and I shared a house salad, roasted peppers and assorted cheese plate and a portobello mushroom special appetizers.  All arrived in a timely fashion, with a beautiful presentation and delicious flavor. I had the shrimp and linguine entree, and asked to replace with penne instead, which was not a problem at all. It was spicy enough to add great flavor without overkill, and they did not skimp on the shrimp. The portion was big enough to wrap up and take leftovers home. My friend had the homemade gnocchi...it was by far the best gnocchi I have ever tasted. We then finished with Tiramisu...and again, this was probably the best I've had. What's interesting to me is that the food critic said he enjoyed the cinnamon on the tiramisu plate, when in fact it was cocoa powder.  Frank has created an environment of comfort and great food, and for me, that's all I need to go back and bring more and more friends. Try it for yourself, you will be very pleased. Congrats on a great place Frank, I will definitely be back!AMAZING first experience last night!!  Food was awesome and as a professionally trained chef, I would know!!  I had the Lamb chop which was perfect!! Add the fact of BYOB and Great customer service makes this place an A+ in my books!! Definitely RecommendWe were very excited to try this new spot after reviewing the yelp ratings and sadly were left disappointed.  We started with the special antipasta, a nice selection.  The lasagna was lacking in flavor other than salt, the lobster ravioli dish was generous on seafood but overall lacking in flavor and too fishy.  Finished with the Creme brle cheesecake, a nice surprise after mediocre entrees.
Perhaps we are used to Modo Mio's level of ingredients and flavor.  Either way, great to see a local restaurant addition to the neighborhood.  We wish them the best of luck.The first couple nights they offered a fixed menu.  The sesame bread (yum) was hot right out of the oven.  Next was probably the best antipasto I've ever had. The penne alla vodka was delicious and by the time our main dishes came out, we were too full!!  We got them to go but saved a little bit of room for the excellent tiramisu. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the normal menu.
Service was extremely friendly and prompt. You could tell it is a family run business and they take a lot of pride in what they serve.My husband and I came to Eatalia for date night a few weeks ago. The location is not the best, as it looks a bit sketchy from the outside. However, our meal and service were tremendous! The arugula salad app was delicious and the pasta was wonderful. I ordered the lobster ravioli special and loved it! My husband got the standard spaghetti and meatballs but still raves about how great the meatballs were. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area and/or looking for a new spot!I am recommending Eatalia to all my friends and family because of this amazing family man and restauranteur Frank Crocetto. We all had the most delicious meal. We felt at home the moment we walked in. The food was simply superb . I hadn't seen my cousin in over 30 years (she's lived in Utah) a far cry from the streets of South Philly. I had asked for opinions on where to dine from my South Philly FB group. After many great ideas on a bunch of places, Frank had chimed in(120 comment deep) inviting us to his restaurant tucked away behind a shopping center (with plenty of parking) in Port Richmond at Cumberland and Salmon street. What a great experience. We had made reservations for 7, two ppl dropped out. No problem. We ordered some appetizers that were top notch. Stuffed portobello mushroom, stuffed long hot pepper shooters, 2 meatballs that were definitely bigger than a tennis ball, bruschetta with a very nice presentation and other Italian delights. My cousin and mom ordered gnocchi (moms in marinara, my cousins in vodka cream) her son ordered pasta primavera, his partner got chicken piccata and I ordered a special stuffed sacchetti pasta with pear and fontina cheese, draped with the most tender grilled chicken, prosciutto and peas in an alfredo sauce. Hands down the best pasta dish that I have ever eaten. (Besides my Grandmothers R.I.P.) I will tell u this, I have really become a foodie. For my Philly and surrounding suburb friends if you do not make it here. I would consider it an insult. LOL 
Thanks again Frank for making our mini reunion a great success. I look forward to making many more memories at your place; which consequently will now be referred to as "our" place. 
PS
the food is worth every penny and it's very reasonable for the larger portions. It's honestly less expensive than Olive Garden. (yes I've had to go to the Dego Darkside a few times)