I signed up on yelp just to write a review on Ed's.  I have ordered a few times from here for delivery.  The buffalo chicken pizza is good however I am leaving only 2 stars because the delivery service sucks.  
I live in an apt complex which is only 6 floors high.  The 3 occasions I had delivery, the delivery person REFUSED to deliver to my unit.  I had to come downstairs each time and for 2 deliveries, I had to actually walk outside my building because the delivery person was waiting in the car.  This is the only place that won't deliver to my unit.Ed's is a good pizzeria.  The ed's sauce on their wings is sooo good. Their cheesesteak are alright. It's usually pretty busy, for me, it's not the most ideal place to meet up with someone and sit down and eat. Their pizza ia pretty good. I really enjoyed their white pizza.Ed's rules! It's the best vegan pizza option in west philly (daiya + awesome crust), and their non-vegan pizza is cheap and delicious too. Delivery can obviously be slow at peak times/if you don't live on Drexel's campus, so we always just pick it up and it's totally fine. The storefront is usually clogged with students but the ladies on the register are awesome and always give good service, especially if you tip (as you should) and aren't obnoxious.Positive: Clean location in University City with large screen TVs to watch sports.
Negative: Below average quality and taste.
Overall: Good place to visit for halal food if you are a college student in the area.  Otherwise look elsewhere. 
Revisit:  NopeWe placed an order for a group and everyone enjoyed it! They even had a vegan pizza which, for people like me who can't have dairy, is, in itself, a winner for even offering this! And I have to say, it was fantastic! I got it with all the veggies and they use real mushrooms! Another check in the win column! The service was wonderful. They called in the morning to confirm delivery time and were responsive because we happened to order during move out day which held up the driver a little. We will definitely order from here again!Pretty average pizza place in most respects, but they make a really good vegan pizza! The wait is a little long but my guess is they never have vegan pies on hand and have to make them after we order. I prefer theirs to PWS, but I wish they had more vegan options (like the seitan wings at PWS). Overall my experiences here have been good!The delivery company I ordered from (foodler - awesome!) received my complaint about this specific order and tried for several days to reach an owner or manager.  When they did, he completely denied that they were late at all and refused to provide any sort of compensation or "goodwill gesture" to make up for the poor service....nevermind that fact that I still have the call records on my cell phone to them looking for my food and from them when it was finally delivered (2 hours after I ordered).  As much as I was done with them before, I am even more so now.  While I was not expecting anything, the fact that the owner would lie about their mistake and try to put it back on me speaks volumes about the business.  I'll take my business to establishments with more integrity, and I encourage you all to do the same.Food is ok, but service is horrendous. Don't order anything you need done for a certain time. They let me down on two huge lunch occasions. They used to be good, not sure what happened.Ok, so I just finished a review for Savas which is right next door. Let's take this place on.
It was 9:30pm when my friend and I finally finished our work and we really wanted something close by to the dorm, good and inexpensive. So I took out my phone and I flipped through the businesses in the area. After deciding that the Indian restaurants in the area were either closed or not up to par, we settled on Ed's. Their name really misleads you to think that Wings and Pizza are all that they have. In fact, if you take a look at their extensive menu, you'll soon realize that they are a sandwich place, a wrap place, a salad place, a middle eastern place... pretty much everything you want when you get hungry in the middle of the night. I went with 20 wings with Ed's Icy Hot and a chicken shawarma wrap. Yes, I was hungry and I'm a fattie. Don't judge.
The shawarma wrap was ok. Good but nothing to write home about. The wings though was delicious! Sometimes you get burnt wings that are chewy, but these are nicely coated and savory. I might go back to get an order of 300....
Similarly to Savas, they have an extensive display of pizzas which I think would taste just as good as the other foods they have. I'll be back soon!Had a really great pizza and really mediocre pizza before receiving this bad one. Wings are solid but not quite worth it for me. Salad was ok. Decided to try them again and ordered a margherita pizza and salad. Was really bummed with the cold barren undercooked pizza that showed up. Might try Ed's again in the future, but will only be ordering the most basic items, seems like that's their strong suite.The pizza is just OK, but the buffalo wings are to die for (and if you eat enough of them greasy things I guess you will die).  If you're not a wuss, get them with the SUICIDE sauce. I also always get them well done.We ordered the BBQ chicken pizza and it was as if they dumped an entire bottle of BBQ sauce on top of the pizza.  It was a messy and gooey puddle of BBQ sauce.  The BBQ sauce needs to be more appropriately drizzled over the pizza.  With a few changes to the application of the BBQ sauce, this pizza will be much improved.In college, i used to go to ed's all the time for the wings.  unfortunately, i went at the time before yelp was even invented.  Great place to get wings, shady hangout for homeless people.  what else would you enjoy more than picking up your food and getting a free show at the same time!Meh. It was okay. Wasn't the best I've had. Wasn't the worst. Very generic pizza with untraditional toppings. They had some fun creations like general tsos. I tried the Hawaiian and the bbq chicken. Neither particularly blew me away. They were both just okay. I'd eat here again for the fun flavors but the sauce and cheese are lack luster.Ed's does not have the best pizza in the world. It does, however, have some pretty fantastic wings, if you don't get anything less hot than suicide. Those suicide wings are fantastic. There's a high ratio of meat as opposed to gristle, there are a lot of them, and the pizza + wings + soda combination deal isn't a bad value. Tragically, though, this locks you into a large pizza, when I discovered that the small pizzas are really much tastier. 
Not the finest of establishments, but certainly what you want when you are awake late at night, hungry, and desirous of something spicy to destroy your stomach in the morning.This is the best pizza I've had in Philly.  Everything here is good-- you can not go wrong.  Fries, yum.  Sammies, yum.  Burgers? Bring it on. Wings, INCREDIBLE.  Try the Ed's sauce-- seriously.  Your life will change.
Also, they have the nicest staff, the best hours, and the cleanest establishment.  I walk mega distances to continue my loyalty to patron Ed's.2.4.12 Re-Visit
Went back to Ed's today after my wonderful experience the other day in the new environment, and have to say that I was not disappointed again.  
Tip: You NEED to try the Veggie Parm Grinder with cheese.  
Honestly has to be the BEST veggie grinder that I have ever had.  Highly recommended, for herbivores and carnivores alike.
Again, a MUST visit in the UC district of Philadelphia.First time ordering from here for the big NFC championship game last night. I was completely expecting for the wait to be a little longer than usual. I placed an online order for 60 wings at 5:00pm and was told that it would be a 45-50 minute wait. I arrived there promptly at 5:45 and was told that it would be another 30 minutes. Fine. It was busy in there and I understood. The place was completely packed and the phone was ringing off the hook. They were still telling people to pick up their food in 45 minutes. 
Everyone was restless and asking for their food. After sitting in there and waiting another hour. We asked about our order yet again. The owner was completely flustered and explained to the whole crowd that the kitchen was at max capacity and they were doing their best. 
Here's my problem. If you were actually doing your best, you would have honestly told people that their would have been more than 45 minutes. You should have told people that you are not taking anymore orders if you are that overwhelmed. I did not walk out of this place until 7:30!!!! I MADE THE ORDER AT 5:00. The wings and pizza were okay. But no wings and pizza are ever worth two and a half hours of waiting.Great place to grab some wings when you go to school nearby. Places closes pretty late, so if you are looking for a midnight snack.. it will still be open!! The food comes out relatively fast, so its not a long wait. The wings are a bit of a hit and miss cause sometimes they taste a little bit old or over cooked and sometimes its great. 
I order takeout from here alot, it takes like 30 minutes at most.Ed's; the place you don't want to get food from, but its the closest place so you go anyways.  I actually spent a year living in an apartment right over this place so I've had their food a lot.  My main complaint at Ed's is that I always, ALWAYS feel sick and have digesting issues after I have any of their food.  It was so bad that I just stopped going there.  Aside from that; the food is ok, pizza is the best thing they do, and the wings are above average for the area.Three words. Dry ass pizza. Another two words. Puny wings. You want real pizza in the university city area, get lazaros. They deliver, and they are never late on deliveryRevised (January 2012)
This is called improvement, for a restaurant that was already doing quite well.  A few months after last coming by to Ed's, I just stopped by on my way home from a day packed with lectures.  Recent travels and other issues have kept me away from the area, but given my long-lasting love for the Tim and Jon Wrap, I decided to give it another spin and see how things have fared here.
Wow.  The recent investments into the location (one of my biggest issues with the place earlier) have certainly breathed new life into the seating area.  Gone are the old-rickety tables and somewhat questionable interior - this place looks like it just got through a 5 Star Gordon Ramsay design remodeling.  And unlike the recent Ramsay remodeled Zocalo, this place still serves good food!  Zocalo is another issue in and of itself - let's save that for another day and time - today is Ed's Day.
The pizza looks appetizing as ever, set in clean display cases, the location looks fantastic, and the staff, while predominantly old and familiar faces, is devoid of the few negative elements that I had felt earlier.  Smiles and happiness abound in the most positive way possible - it shows, and rubs off on you.  I left feeling happier and more cheerful - how many restaurants can you say did that to you?
The owner, Samir, personally took the time to show me some of the changes made in the location, and down to the ingredients, this place has fresh, clean, and awesome.  You can smell the freshness in the oregano, in the bay leaves, and in everything they make.  What a place, what an owner, what a restaurant.
I, for one, and am a very happy customer, and am sure to be a long-time repeat.Best wings in the area for a reasonable price, they're a little stingy on the sauce so always order extra! Steak fries are really delicious and so are the mozzarella sticks. The pizza is not excellent, but I mean there's no good pizza in the area. The pizza is still more passable then others though. The chocolate milkshakes are delicious although a bit pricey. Delivery is always fast.Food is good, but always comes late and cold. We only live a mile away. Kind of frustrating.Pizza from here was delivered within a reasonable amount of time. The pizza itself was decent (canned and not fresh mushrooms though, and really oily pepperoni). The crust had an okay chewy texture, but it was strikingly bland. The sauce was not bad (a little on the sweet side) and the cheese was average. It's not the best pizza in the area, but it's better than a lot of the shitty pizza that can be found around here. 
I've ordered wings from here in the past which were fine, and I remember liking their cheesesteak with bacon. Then again, I'm a sucker for anything with bacon so I'm not sure it was Ed's specifically (probably more the presence of the bacon itself) that made the cheesesteak good.Ed's is great.  Used to come here all the time when visiting my fiance at Drexel.  My favorite menu item has to be the chicken parm stomboli.  It's incredible.  You should get extra marinara tho, because they use little cups.  Also, if you have a large group they have these enormous, like 30'' pizzas.  Great late night snack.  Great for sharing.  Plus its a conversation piece in its own right.  Don't spend a ton of time around there anymore, but if I'm back down that way I'll definitely stop in again!Been coming here for years, and the wings never disappoint. Some of the best I've ever had. Solid pizza, great fries... this is a healthy person's worst nightmare! They even do delivery and they're open late.
This is the place to get Wings if you go to Drexel or Penn. If not, it's worth the trip!My husband loves Ed's.  Specifically, he loves their wings (not the buffalo style wings, but the whole wings).  I'm vegetarian, so I dont' get to partake in the wings.  And the pizza is not thrilling.  And it is hard for pizza to be bad.  I mean, it is cheezy carbohydrates.  And I love cheese.  And I love carbs.  But when it comes from Ed's  it doesnt' make me happy.  I eat a few bites and then it sits in the fridge until it is old enough that I feel OK throwing it away. It is just yucky.  
I haven't really found anything on the menu that I like as an antree.  Since my husband LOVES it, we keep ordering.  And at this point, I usually get an order of Jalapeno poppers, and just eat that.  I think their Jalapeno poppers are better than average (which is weird, because I assume most places buy them frozen and they are all about the same).  I don't know if they buy a better brand than most places, or if they actually aren't pre-made frozen poppers.  Regardless, they seem better.Their food is pretty good. Try their Mango Habanero flavored wings; they're really good. Their french fries are pretty good, too. 
What you need to watch out for with this restaurant is their delivery speed. Whatever Eat24/Grubhub/etc tells you what the ETA is, add about 20 to 30 minutes. Every time I order from them, they're always late. 
I ordered food at 4:30PM and it's 7PM as I'm writing this and I still haven't received it. I understood about an hour ago because it's the Super Bowl, but 2+ hours is a bit excessive in my opinion. They also told me the delivery driver left when I called at 6:20 and said he'll be here in 20~30 minutes.Ed's is a great place for cheap eats and mediocre food. Hey, I'm a college student; I can't live in the lap of luxury all the time. The pizza varies from good to mediocre. It is never great and never horrible. Their buffalo wings are delicious though. Yum. And they have at least 6 different sauces ranging from mild to XXX to suit every palette. 
I'd definitely recommend this to any hungry student (or adult) who is short on funds. Hey, we have all been there!This review is based on customer service. Not quality of food as I have not gotten to try Ed's.
I made the mistake of ordering from Ed's on Superbowl Sunday.  After being assured my order would be there in an hour, it never came.  After 2.5 hours I began calling to figure what was going on and hopefully cancel.  Unfortunately, they refused to answer the phone and all other times it was busy.
Ed's customer service sucks.  Maybe ill finally get my order in a  few days.  Will never be a patron here again and would not recommend this place.I haven't eaten all day....you could just imagine how hungry I am. I just ordered and threw away my meal. Worst wings I've ever had, eds special sauce is horrible! Please don't even think about getting the stale cheese fries....very disappointed. Horrible!I've had it with Ed's.
We have ordered from here several times - probably at least 15.  The delivery has always been a little slow but the wings are good and the prices are reasonable, so we just dealt with it.
Not any more.  I had friends in this weekend and when they got here Friday evening, we decided to stay in and and order pizza.  Since we weren't starving right then, I went with Ed's, knowing I'd have to wait a bit but figuring it would be good timing with our stomachs.
It took TWO HOURS from the time I placed my order for it to get here.  I called at the 90 minute mark and was told it would be here any second, and I still waited 30 mintues after that.  And wouldn't you know, the food was cold when it got here.  I can understand being busy on a Friday night, but this was a pepperoni pizza and 20 wings - not exactly a complicated order.  Additionally, this is a pattern with Ed's.  I've waited over an hour for the same order every other day of the week, so I'm refusing to let the weekend excuse fly.
Sure, they are reasonably priced and have decent food, but no pizza and wings is worth a 2 hour wait.  I'll pay an extra $1 or 2 and get decent food elsewhere in a reasonable amount of time.This place is disgusting and infested with flies (but not as bad as California Pizza). However, you will eat here many times because everyone blindly goes here because of the amount of advertising and 10% off coupons they litter the Drexel campus with. They also give out Cheese Pizza's for university events like it's going out of style. (HINT: It is.)
That being said, the Tim and John's Pizza is ridiculously amazing. Here is how to make your own:
Mix one part ranch or blue cheese dressing to two parts Frank's Red Hot for your pizza sauce.
Prep as a normal pizza, top with fried chicken tenders and mozzarella, or add cheddar for a kick!I really like Ed's especially if you go there during a Phillies game. There's always crowd, a big flat screen, and the owner yelling at the players. Then again I'm kind of forced to like Ed's because it's the only place around where I live, besides Powelton, that I take I liking to. They also have great gyros, seriously great gyros.Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa seeing this pop up in my Yelp feed INSTANTLY brought me back to college where we scrounged up as much cash as possible for some pizza.
Do they still make it with the special spice?  There was always something non-Italian sprinkled in there.  
Ed sauce is legit.How do you rate these clowns ZERO STARS? Asking for a friend...my stomach! Wings and fries 50 minutes? Okay, but 45 minutes AFTER THAT? Then the douche driver gave my diet Pepsi to someone else on top of it all? The guy comes back with 5 regular sodas. All well & good, but I'm diabetic, so why?? The driver is indignant as Hell about my soda, gives me $2 back. Give me my tip back! Semi-warm food, no beverage. You lost a loyal customer, and I call SHENANIGANS! I should dispute the credit card charge, but petty is as petty does. We both lost this day, Ed. Only non-pork option near my job, and you dropped the ball. Can't recommend you to guests of the hotel in which I'm employed.The ONLY reason I frequent this place is because it's the only place in the area that I can get vegan pizza and steak fries. Honestly, a little piece of my soul dies every time I come here. I don't know, maybe it's because I only come when it's busy. I can actually get passed the wait and the crowd. That's not my issue. It's the customer service. I LOATHE IT!!!!!!! Or should I say, I loathe the lack if it. I just can't understand why no one can get it together here. It's just as bad over the phone as it is in person. Honestly, they'll stay in business for a long time because they're open late and offer a variety of food.After seeing so many negative reviews, I still decided to give this place a go. After ordering online and waiting over an hour, my food was finally delivered and the order was wrong. I called the restaurant to complain and they were very rude about the situation. Terrible food and terrible customer service. Never ordering from here ever again. Save your money.I ordered 4 large pizzas for a class party via Grubhub this morning to be delivered at 11:30am. I coincidentally called Eds around 10:40 to ask them to deliver 15 mins earlier than the time I'd scheduled the delivery for, and found out that grubhub had failed to process order. They were amazing about it and said they'd get my order in so it can reach me on time, and meanwhile I can sort out the forwarding the invoice with grubhub. That issue was resolved pretty quickly but their service was impeccable. Not only did they accept this late order, they delivered at 11:09 on the dot (I called at 10:40 asking if they can deliver by 11-11:15 latest). The pizza was delicious and people were saving the number off their pizza box because they loved it so much! Thanks Ed's for a great experienceI always appreciated that Ed's had the regular greasy food along with good middle eastern options like falafel and baba ganoush (theirs is very good). 
but they've earned my unending anger because when we want a vegan pizza delivered, THEY WILL NOT DELIVER. this is because, whether we're living .3 miles away, or .9 miles away, THEY WONT COME TO NEIGHBORHOODS WHERE BLACK PEOPLE LIVE. 
this really pisses me off for its racism, not just because I can't get my damn pizza. their delivery range is only student housing for drexel and penn. whack. 
and that time where we got the vegan pizza and the "cheese" was covered in mold, that wasn't cool, either. 
it's nice that Ed's has vegan cheese, but it's not worth dealing with their crap. they need to serve the neighborhood they work in, not just the students, and get over being afraid of black people.This place I give the blue ribbon for wings in America.When I dream of wings I dream of Eds Chicken wings. All kinds of variety of heat too. ( they also have mild to for those who can't take the heat). As for me I love the hot sauce!!! There wings are legendary!!! Also love that they have pierogis!!!Also a must for students ( and non-students of course). Being in University City is not complete if you haven't had some Ed 's wings!!!OK, ordered a large pie at 11: 30pm.... got here at 1:04am. The pizza was cold . Other times we ordered at least one thing was wrong EVERYTIME.My coworkers and I sometimes order wings and pizza from Ed's.  Sometimes the pizza is good, sometimes it isn't, but the wings are usually pretty good.  I wouldn't go on an eight mile jog just to get their food, but if you're in the neighborhood it'll do the trick I imagine.
They have late hours which is good for the college crowd.  The late hours are also good for people who aren't in college but still like to eat real late.Ed's isn't bad. I'd say it's slightly better than your average pizza shop. I tried their wings with the Ed's sauce, and let me say, they certainly do NOT live up to the hype. The sauce was good, but the wings were small and overpriced. When the wings are that small, they shouldn't be $7 for 10. As far as taste, they do just fine, but they are certainly not something to go out of your way for. 
I also had a sausage stromboli. Ed's claims to have the largest strombolis in the city. I'm willing to bet my entire bank account that that's completely false. If my memory serves me correctly, they don't even have the largest strombolis on the BLOCK (I'm pretty sure Sava's large stromboli is bigger)! However, for $10, it's not a bad deal. It was loaded with sausage, much more than you'd get on a small pizza. And it was pretty darn good.
Overall, Ed's is a decent experience. I am put off, however, by how pretentious they come off ("largest strombolis," "best pizza," "best wings"). It's a pizza joint. There's no need to tell us how fantastically amazing you are. Let the food speak for itself. Bottom line: you'll enjoy Ed's, but don't expect it to blow your mind.After a long day at work went on Grub Hub to order something for dinner.  For some reason the place is rated higher on there than it is here, made the mistake of using GH ratings and not looking at Yelp first.  We ordered the Dragon Pizza, and ended up being extremely disappointed. The order came within a reasonable amount of time, I asked the delivery driver if he could bring the pizza to my apartment, and he rudely said no. Never had that issue with delivery before, maybe it was cause tip was already added.  By the time we arrived in the lobby, the pizza was left with our doorman. The delivery guy did not have the decency to wait for us to pick up the pizza, doorman said he basically dropped it and left.  On top of all of this, the pizza was cold. My girlfriend ended up feeling sick about an hour after eating it. The buffalo/ranch wings were decent but nothing special.  Maybe a delivery bag would be a good investment for the restaurant.  Don't anticipate I'll ever order from there again.Eds pizza never disappoints. Though ordering can be a bit of a wait due to long lines and seating is often limited, the food is always delicious. Personally, I always get a slice of BBQ chicken pizza- the best BBQ chicken pizza in the Drexel area (so dont waste your time or money going anywhere else). For side orders, I highly recommend the curly cheese fries. This order takes longer than most items on the menu but its definitely worth the wait. 
Overall, great place to dine when you don't feel like walking too far from campus and not in the mood to spend too much.I ordered a slice of Buffalo chicken pizza, bbq chicken pizza and plain for delivery. I ordered close to closing time so food got here pretty quickly. The slices are BIG. Definitely worth 2.8$ (cost for special slice, 1.99 for plain) but it was cold on delivery. Also, there is a  lot of bread, and the bbq chicken and buffalo chicken had a lottt of sauce compared to how much chicken was on the slice. Overall, I wouldn't order from here again, but it wasn't a complete disaster given how bad pizza is in Philly.Great option for pizza and cheesesteaks --- they have options for halal and vegan pizza.
here is my review of Rana Halal (which is connected to Eds):
-Decent halal / middle eastern food. Shawarma, kafta, kabobs, gyros - and open late night. They also do halal version of American food --- halal pizza and cheesesteaks. Also have vegan options for pizza.First it took over 22 minutes for my order,  2 slices and 10 wings. Absolutely unnaceptable. You are a wing place, did you have to kill a chicken back there?  The chicken wings were dry, yes dry. They were small, much smaller then common chicken wings you would get from a diner. This is a place that "specializes" in wings and they had zero taste. The wateres down bbq sauce tasted like dirty sugar water. Stay away from this place, not only.because of the food, but the place is filthy.Ed's is by far the best pizza (from a pizzeria type place) that I've had in Philly. From the crust that's thick yet chewy to the sauces and toppings that are plentiful and delicious, I've never had a bad slice from them.I ordered Buffalo wings for the super bowl and got batter than chicken. Way too much batter!!!This place gets one star. Soggy pizza/dough had no flavor. Pretty hard to mess up a pizza. And huge salad, 2 very small dressings cups came with it. Very disappointed with this meal working night shift at a hospital. Hair in my salad tooWellll. It took 50 minutes for my delivery to arrive. Placed my order at 11:38pm and it arrived  around 12:30am for 1 cheese steak, a slice of cheese pizza and a basket of chicken tenders and a milkshake. That's a bit long in my opinion for those items.
Pizza: COLD. So was the delivery driver late, or did they lack to heat the food up, I don't know.
I didn't eat the other two items, BUT their saving grace was the chicken tenders!!
Super tender, juicy on the inside hot and crispy on the outside. That's the sole reason they have 3 stars instead of 2.I rely on Ed's for large deliveries for work events, usually around 5pm. They have always arrived in a timely fashion and are quick to give me discounts for specials they are running, even when I don't reference them. They do a good job with their cheese pizzas, but I've also been impressed by the buffalo chicken and other specialty pizzas. The salads have also been fresh and tasty. The students really seem to enjoy it because there are rarely leftovers.Ed's has the best wings in the city.  Ed's Sauce - hot being especially good - although it usually wasn't hot enough, but if you ask them, they'll mix it with the regular hot sauce to make it a bit spicier.  I probably ordered from there 9/10 Sundays during football season.  The pizza was pretty good, too.  I can't really say about the rest of the menu, because I haven't had it.
The downside to Ed's is that the delivery speed is VERY slow.  I lived a few blocks away and it could take over an hour, even at non-peak times.Ed's Buffalo Pizza. You really had it good - you are in a prime location in UCity for all the Penn/Drexel kids, and your pizza is decent. But what happened last night left me dis-satisfied and almost insulted. 
I think I am normally fairly patient, but hearing this lady try the least of her effort to try to make herself coherent through the phone to take an order, and getting more and more impatient when I asked her to repeat herself because of her pathetic attempt at making herself heard.... And at the same time, with her failing to take my correct address (probably as a result from her incompetence and impatience?) after waiting an hour for food... Later, with the driver swearing through the phone because the address was incorrect (who's fault was it again?) - Ed's, never again.
The lady on the phone at 9 PM October 20th 2013 - I understand people have shitty days. I understand working in a pizza delivery joint on a Sunday most likely sucks. I can empathize that people are normally entitled when one can order through the phone. But I was in no way insulting you through the phone. I said please and thank you. I was having a bad day myself, but I didn't feel any need to negatively affect other people because of what happened to me. Why do you feel the need for your pathetic attempt at doing your job? 
I apologize if I sound angry. But what happened last night left me a fairly sore view of your establishment. No one deserves that type of treatment; paid customer or not. It's just basic human decency to not be an ass hole.Great choice if you need a slice on the go. Friendly staff just can get busy at times. Know what you want before you get to the cashier to order. Usually crowded with students from Penn & Drexel and cops who frequently stop here. Reasonable prices and some seating in house. Online ordering is available as well if you don't want to call in it wait.The pizza slices are HUGE and are inexpensive.  We went there because they had vegan pizza. We ordered a small vegan pizza.  It was good!  For vegan pizza, I was impressed.
Now for the rest.  My husband liked his Hawaiian pizza. I tried his plain pizza and did not really like it. I would not have enjoyed it had I ordered it.  I did really like the vegan pizza.
The woman at the counter was unpleasant and had no knowledge about the food.  She seemed annoyed when we asked any questions and it was like she did not want to be bothered.
The owner on the other hand is a wonderful, genuine, nice guy.  He was polite and treated his customers like family.  
The atmosphere left much to be desired.  It was so dirty and dingy that we almost did not stay but we were there with a vegan friend.  Had I been there on my own I would have left immediately but we stayed because of the vegan pizza.  They are in the process of renovating so hopefully the condition of the place will improve.One day my friend and I were so hungry and we needed to find a halal eatery asap. I found Ed's on Yelp after searching in "Halal." And in that moment, I had a good feeling in my heart! For a reason! God truly knew that I was going to be blessed, and I sure was. For a Zabiha (Halal) eating gal like me, this place is a GEM. My friend and I split the fries and boneless halal wings, we chose the *hot* sauce flavor and omg!!! go get it now.. seriously. It's so cheap, the portions are huge. After that, my friend and I only crave late night snacks from Ed's.I ordered a mac n cheese pizza with no bacon. It took almost and hour. And I got a pizza with a bunch of bacon and NO SIGN of any mac n cheese. I think I've said enough. Currently awaiting a replacement, and they were very short with me on the phone before just hanging up. This better not take a whole other hour...There's nothing to rave about. 
The pizza is quite terrible. The sandwiches, wings and fries are really not that great. Maybe it's just the dozen times ive had it but this is definitely not the best place in the area.
try something else, even if you have to pay a little more.Ok. A 2 star rating is not so much that I hate this place, but its for a certain experience I had here. I think the food is decent, especially the "Rana Middle Eastern" menu. This is probably my favorite pizza of the myriad Lancaster Ave pizza places, and the Ed's sauce wings do taste good.
So let me explain the rating, and why I don't come here any more: the last time I ate the wings here, I got delivery. I broke into my food and began eating. I got to my 3rd or 4th wing and I looked at it. It looked a bit off, like something was amiss. I looked more closely, and fried into the wing was a fly. It has soured the restaurant for me.Ed's is definitely the cheapest place in the University City area. My review is based on my experience with its catering. Cheap and accommodating. 
Food is what you'd expect for pizza and wings so I don't have a lot to say about the food. Expect to be full and feeling greasy after having Ed's wings or pizza. 
Staff is really nice in my experience at least over the phone.Perfect drunken night food stop. Pizza is pretty good and the wraps and other foods are good as well. Delivery time isn't bad at allI order from Ed's a lot.  The pizza (which to me tastes bettter than Papa John's) is hit or miss.  Sometimes they are good, sometimes they are just okay.  I prefer the small pizzas over the large pizzas.
The cheese steaks are just okay.  The wings are actually pretty decent/Ed's sauce has an inviting taste lol.   A major plus is the delivery time and fee.  OVERALL: 3/5Pizza is good, wings are better. They get a high rating because my drunken (male) roommate put on someone's pumps and used the restaurant as a catwalk, scaring away some customers. Sorry Ed's!Anything around a college campus that has: Pizza, Burger/Hoagies, and Fried Food is going to be a hit.
Also, if its open late like Ed's its DEFINITELY going to be a hit.
I order and eat from Ed's all the time because of the convenience otherwise I definitely wouldn't be treating myself that badly by eating food that is terrible for my health (but who am I kidding, we all love mcdonalds and therefore anything that is within walking distance that has smiliar foods we're gonna go for it!)
The White Pizza is GREAT :)For some reason, this place seems to have a cult following. Don't know why. Their pizza is average. Decent, but nothing to drive any distance for. The wings are overrated as well. Decent, but again, average. 
Also, and this is a major complaint; they have a minimum purchase of $10 for using a credit card. This is in strict violation of their terms of agreement with credit card companies. Visa and MasterCard are very clear that they do not allow ANY minimum purchase. They must know this, yet they continue to have a sign that says "$10 minimum". That is an unethical business practice.
The owner is a nice man. Have met him several times. Very friendly. That's a plus.So Ed's has stepped up its game. It is difficult along that block between Mad Greeks and Savas. Savas being the main competition. Ed's has changed their interior and exterior. They have definitely cleaned up. The food is better now too. Ordered a chicken parm wrap. Super. Pizza is much better. Really like the western pizza. (savas does not have this one). 
Good luck to Ed'sFavorite pizza in university city so far. The crust is crunchy but soft and its always nice and warm. The one lady who usually works the counter is real friendly too. Only think I have to complain about is how small it is. It doesn't take many people to make the place feel crowded.This was my 1st time ordering from Ed's. When I received my food, I noticed hair on my wings. I called back and was told that's impossible because no one there has long hair. I find their response to be totally unacceptable and will never order from this establishment again. I work for a local hospital and I will tell everyone I know about their horrible customer service. Don't order from this place!!!The food here wasn't bad, but nothing to write home about. The service however, was absolutely terrible. The lady working the front counter was extremely rude when I came to pick up my food. I do not plan on coming back here again.Useful but little-known fact about Ed's: They're one of the only two places that Drexel Student Organizations are allowed to order pizza from for events.  The other one is Powelton Pizza, which I don't like very much, so I always order Ed's.  Although I've gotten and enjoyed smaller orders from them it's not very often because California Pizza is closer to my place.  So this review is about their bulk service.
Usually I order about 5 or 6 pizzas at a time from them, and as many 2L bottles of soda.  It's always come on time, and one time when I ran out they had 5 more made and delivered in less than 45 minutes.  They will happily include plates, napkins, and cups for free with large orders.  They forgot the cups once, but they fixed it quickly and gave me an extra soda to compensate.
As for the pizza itself, it's not bad, and I've never gotten any complaints.  Greasy like any college food, but that's to be expected.Ed's pizza is a great place to get buffalo chicken pizza. Of the pizzas in university city, I think eds blend the chicken, buffalo sauce, and blue cheese the best!
The good: the pizza is awesome!! You get some spice from the buffalo sauce but bleu cheese to keep it under control 
The bad: We also tried the wings(hot) and sadly they were overcooked and had a desperate lack of sauce.  The delivery also takes surprisingly long. I'm pretty aye they wait until they have a certain number of deliveries before they leave.The Wings we're great! Probably the best I've had in Philly & I am from Down South were there is a wing joint on every corner. Ed Buffalo sauce was banging. Now, what I am NOT a fan of is the delivery price & the expected tip. I always tip but I am always annoyed by it. If I am paying for you bringing it to me, why should I also tip? Anyways thats my own cheap hangout, I guess. I could easily walk several blocks to go pick them up.
Anyway, yes the wings were great. I'd definitely recommend them.ED's pizza has the rudest and laziest cashiers. Don't bother ordering online or calling in an order because they'll just hang up on you or mess up your order. if you call and complain the employees will lie and say that they are the manager.  The real manager is a sweet lady but her employees are the worst don't bother getting any food unless she's there. AVOID THIS PLACE!!!This is the kind of food that would be good for late night, so tired from studying that you can't even remember what your name is, just need some junk food asap, kind of food. They have a pretty cool pizza variety, but overall, not great. The chocolate milk shake was nothing special, but the chocolate cake was just bad.Unbelievably terrible. Ordered 20 wings at 7:49pm and still hadn't received them MORE THAN 3 HOURS LATER at 11pm. Called the establishment once after 2 hours and was told that the delivery was just about to be sent out; they apologized and offered me a free soda. After another hour, I called again, was put on hold for 10 minutes, hung up on, and finally connected to a manager. I ended up canceling the order, and GrubHub graciously refunded my payment.
I get it: stuff happens, orders may be overwhelming, deliveries (especially in this weather) can be slow. However, it's utterly ridiculous that I had to wait more than 3 hours without any type of update whatsoever from the restaurant's end. When I called, the normal staff there were decently helpful, apologizing profusely and offering explanations. I could tell they were overworked and frazzled, and I felt for them. When the manager picked up, on the other hand, she was defensive and not cooperative at all. This place definitely needs a few pointers in customer service; never ordering from Ed's again and recommending others to avoid delivery from this place.Best wings in West Philly.  Not sure if that's saying much, since this isn't exactly the "wing district", but I would seek this place out if I happen to find myself in the mood for chicken wings (and in the vicinity).
Seems like the UCity kids like this place for the pizza.  It's passable, really nothing to "write home about".  Overall, worth checking out for the wings, not much else.