Food was excellent, service was top notch. Couldn't have asked for a better dinner. Staff was attentive and very friendly.i was in DESPERATE need of gyros one day.  i decided to call in a take-out gyros salad because it would not have been appropriate (or kind to my coronary arteries) to ask for an entire box of gyros. the salad sizing was super confusing - mini, small, medium, large, etc. so i just asked the girl what would be an appropriate entree salad size. i think i ended up getting the small, which in all actuality was an appropriate amount of food.
the salad was fancypants. there was a boiled egg, some anchovies, feta cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers, pitted greek olives, and probably some other stuff that i can't exactly recall. it was topped by a generous portion of gyros that wasn't too oily per previous reviews. i ate most of the salad except the boiled egg and the anchovies (simple is better sometimes.) the only downside was the sodium content of that dish; i had a "i'm coming, elizabeth!" experience within an hour of eating the salad. my heart did recover, but i was super puffy the next day from all the salt. 
nota bene: despite menupages saying effie's takes credit cards, YELP is right - effie's is CASH ONLY.
******UPDATE - July 2013*****
i received the following message from the owner. Please note that it DOES TAKE CREDIT CARDS at this time.
"Hi, this is Effie Bouikidis from Effie's Restaurant,
I'm sorry to bother you. I noticed that at the time of your visit we were not accepting credit cards, but that is not the case any longer. The reason I am messaging you about this is because your review shows up under our name when people are searching for restaurants, specifically the comment about not accepting credit cards. May I ask that you edit your review to correct the "cash only" comment? It would be greatly appreciated. I'm sorry for any inconvenience. Thank you very much! Join us sometime!"Although we were thrilled with our seating in an small building behind the restaurant with the doors wide open in February, we were thrilled with the food that we were served. The beet salad, zucchini chips and seafood appetizers were all delicious. The lamp chops were cooked perfectly and the Effie's chicken was also a great entree choice.   Would definitely come back but in warmer weather!The food here is not bad at all and I loved the environment and the seating outside. My only complain is the prices and also the service. We walked in and nobody greeted us for two minutes even though we were obviously standing at the door and the server didn't agree on splitting the check and was only able to take one card. It was very inconvenient.The zucchini chips alone warrant this restaurant the four stars. They're absolutely perfect! Much better than Estia's chips, which is up the street and much more expensive. Effie's is the quintessential neighborhood restaurant. Everyone that works there is friendly, the Effie's chicken is delicious, and in the summer, their roasted fish dishes are fantastic. Last night, I went with a group of about 9, and unfortunately, the server forgot a dish, and one guest received cold lamb. The place itself is starting to show a little age- it could definitely use some TLC. This cash only BYOB is a consistent, good meal.Average greek food. Nothing fancy, but healthy. Good service. Extra point for outdoor seating and BYOB.I had a group of 6 here for my birthday dinner on Friday.  We had a semi private round table upstairs - it really felt like we were in someone's living room.  A good thing, in my book.  The whole place is cozy and intimate. 
I've been on a Greek food kick motivated by my recent visits to Kanella's, which is just down the street on Spruce St and 10th.  Of course, given the proximity and both being BYOBs, it's hard not to compare the two.  It always comes down to the food for me, and I think Effie's falls short here.  The food isn't as inspired or nuanced as Kanella's.  It could be due to the Cypriot regional influence (think middle Eastern) of Kanella's versus Effie's, which is more mainland Greek, but the food is less spiced, a bit bland and not presented in a way that's inspired.  
I will say that our dinner table lingered for 2.5 hours and enjoyed many drinks over the span of several courses, and we never felt rushed or unwelcomed.   I think that speaks to the nature of the inviting atmosphere at Effie's.  Definitely a great place for romantic date. 
I don't like giving 3 stars, because that is a concession to having an average experience - (and who wants to be average?) - but as mentioned above, Kanella's gives Effie's a run for it's money and they'd do well to step up their culinary game.Have been here with a group of friends, date nights, and lastly a family birthday dinner.  Always absolutely amazing!One of Philly's most enjoyable dining experiences.
Effie's doesn't look like much when you first walk in, but request to be seated in the courtyard or in the other dining room out back (an intimate & cozy dining room area with a fireplace) & you will be pleasantly surprised. It feels as though you've stepped out of Philly and into a small restaurant in the Greek countryside.
Great place for a dinner date. 
The food is delicous, you will not be disappointed.Was there last weekend. We were seating in the alley street. Amazing food. Especially lamb chops they so good that worth every dollar. Authentic Greek coffee, and complimentary desert... definitely going back when I'm in town!I ordered from GrubHub--food was great, the delivery guy was really nice.  I'd give them 5 stars but I thought it was a tad overpriced...not really bad, but just a little.Effie's is one of the cheapest BYOB's in the city. Rather than serving elegant, $30 entrees, it helps to fill the need for affordable neighborhood restaurants in Philadelphia. Entrees average $10-15, with daily specials costing around $20-25. We regularly went here, especially in the summer, to share an appetizer plate (about $15) and a few beers or glasses of wine. When it's hot, and you don't feel like eating a big meal, this is the perfect amount of food, and the perfect place to eat it. 
If you're looking for something more, I recommend the daily fish specials, especially if they offer salmon. Effie's other great achievement is the grilled octopus. I never thought I'd eat anything with tentacles, and Effie's converted me. It's lightly charred, and dressed with olive oil and lemon juice. Perfect with that appetizer plate. Oh -- and service is always good.
Smallish groups are welcome, and mild rowdiness is tolerated with surprising good humor. I had my bachelorette party here, as well as celebrations for 30th birthdays, graduations and engagements. This isn't to say that Effie's is noisy - just friendly and unpretentious.The flavors of the food were just okay.  I had the orzo with shrimp and calamari.  It was cooked well and tasted good.  It wasn't great.  There were plenty of shrimp and a good amount of calamari, but the flavor was average at best.  The appetizer portions were horrible.  So small!  We had an appetizer that was $18 and it was served on a bread plate with 3 globs of Greek spreads and 2 dolmas.  It tasted good, but it was not a good value.
The crux of the experience (and this is the 2nd time this has happened, so shame on me) was the server.  She claimed to be the cousin of the restaurant owner and she was from Cypress.  She was rude, unprofessional, pushy, deceptive and didn't explain what anything was on the appetizers with multiple items on the same plate.
 She told us we needed to be done by a certain time when we sat down, which made us feel rushed and uncomfortable.  We were celebrating a dear friend's birthday and we were all hoping for a nice meal and an opportunity to catch up and relax.
She also stamped an automatic gratuity of 20%, which she deserved half of, at most, and for the 2nd time, mentioned nothing of it when she dropped the check.
Bottom line, we did not feel welcomed and the dreadful attitude of our server ruined the experience for me, for the 2nd consecutive time.  I won't make the same mistake again.
Go to Dimitry's, it world's better.Came here for a friend's birthday party and definitely enjoyed everything. We were seated in the area that's separated from the main dining room and the kitchen. Unfortunately, this place isn't well heated and the door opens to frequently to keep any of that warmth in. I recommend bundling up. For starters, we split a bunch of different things for the table - spanikopita, fries, grilled feta, hummus trios. They were all great and we all enjoyed trying the different options. At that point though, I wasn't super hungry because everything else was so filling! So for dinner, I got the chicken soup, which was very creamy, salty and overall pleasant to eat. I was very comforting and it warmed me up quickly! The staff were all friendly and very quick about service despite having to accomodate a ten person party. I would try this place again!Came here just after 9 on a Friday night in a party of three. We had called ahead and made a reservation, but it started raining shortly before we arrived, which messed up their seating arrangements because a bunch of people had been sitting outside and (understandably) wanted to move. So we had to wait a bit for our table.
Anyway, it's a cute place, and the staff were super friendly. We shared a bunch of stuff, mostly appetizers, as our meal. Standouts were the Avgolemono soup (SO good), the pita (soft and warm and yummy), and the grilled feta (soft and spreadable, with a nice little kick of spice). 
I also liked the dolmades (I'm a sucker for those), the octopus salad (great to share as an appetizer), and the zucchini "chips" (which werent really chip-like, but were good - as was the dipping sauce). The Spinakopita were good, though not particularly memorable.
However, service was rather slow, and I was annoyed that, towards the end of our meal, they stopped refilling our waters. Also, we realized after leaving that our order of Keftides never came out. Oh well. It's still a nice and friendly option if you're in the neighborhood, though!BYO with good food. Most dishes are under $20 and you get an incredible amount of food. Feels like very authentic Greek food (except I I'm not the best person to make this call).
I was not a fan of the mussels (out of their shells drenched in garlic) however we loved the feta tomato salad as well as the spanakopita. The chicken gyro and the seafood orzo were also favorites at our table.
I'm giving three stars because the restaurant was very busy with outdoor seating (that we did not get even with a reservation) and we were often forgotten about for service indoors. The restaurant inside was SO hot - we were sweating the entire time.
The food was good, so I may do this for take out moving forward. Or try and get outside seating on a nice day.If you don't know about the magic of Effie's you should. Amazing food, accommodating staff, beautiful outdoor seating and SO CHEAP. Go there with a couple bottles and just order all the share plates. You'll never feel rushed, in fact, you'll feel right at home.
My favorite restaurant in PhillyI hate to say it, because I love Greek food and wanted to like this place, but it was probably the worst meal I've eaten in my three years in Philadelphia. For starters, the saganaki was completely bland, undercooked (i.e., not gooey enough) and they didn't set it on fire at the table! My co-diners ordered a stuffed chicken that was completely bland and *way* overcooked (and thus, very dry). My moussaka was okay, but that was the only decent thing about the meal. Overall a very disappointing meal. I would not go back.Effie's is my favorite greek place in philadelphia. The food is delicious and the owners and staff are extremely nice.With all the attention that Cypriot BYOB Kanella has been getting in Washington Square West, we thought it would only be fair to try out Effie's, an unassuming Greek BYOB just a few blocks away. Effie's has a reputation for courtyard seating and decent standards, like octopus and lamb, so we stopped in on a Wednesday to sample the offerings.
They were a little jammed up and grabbing a courtyard table, which seemed relatively easy for 8:30PM on a Wednesday, was out of the question. As we waited to be seated in a two-top along Pine Street we amused ourselves watching the cooks tackling orders while grill-smoke pouring out of the tiny open kitchen.
The first course of calamari was perfectly done. This was some of the best calamari we've had in a long time; if you've read some of our other reviews, you know that we use calamari as the baseline for judging how much care and attention a kitchen puts into the food.
At first glance, it should be an easy dish to make...pull it from a prep dish, batter/bread and deep fry, then serve...but so many kitchens really blow this one, through bad pre-made ingredient, poorly mixed or seasoned coating or due to inattentively over cooking the calamari into fried rubber bands...oh let me count the ways that you can ruin thee.
Effie's calamari was a perfect balance of light, crispy coating, just salty & seasoned enough with tender squid rings beneath. Served still warm, this was a sign of good things to come.
The sampler platter was a decent smattering of bulgar stuffed grape leaves, an eggplant dip, some hummus, cheese and peppers...consistency of the dips were smooth and flavors pronounced...a well-done, if not basic, appetizer. Served with pita points, a decent way to pass the evening over a glass of wine.
Mains brought both great grilling and gritty greens. The lamb rack was perfectly seasoned & grilled, albeit a little on the medium side of medium rare. Resting on a bed of mac & cheese orzo, this was Greek comfort food...except for the sand.
The dish was ruined with the ring of gritty greens that had not been throughly washed...my wife's first bite into them yeilded that 'tween the teeth crunch that kills your appetite...she asked me to try another piece to see if it was a fluke, but after one or two more bites from different bunches of greens the slack-luster prep was apparent. She picked her way around the sides while enjoying the lamb.
I ordered Lamb Lemonato, the lemon potato and lamb dish...basically cubed, grilled lamb & roasted potatos drenched in an lemon-oil sauce. The potatos were hit or miss due to their irregular sizes...some over-cooked & withered, other larger chunks on the edge of doneness, an occasional well-roasted wedge...Seems like short-cut prep strikes again.
The lamb mostly appeared in small scraps and was a little gristly..however, those sizeable chunks that could be found amongst the potatos were decently seasoned and cooked...I found myself digging through the cubes of spud in search of those few remaining lamb chunks that were hiding shadows of my plate created by the al fresco street lighting.
Final verdict? Great place for appetizers. They had actually 86'd two of the apps we wanted to try (tomato tart and the grilled octupus, a favrotie from what I can gather), so we may be back to try those and get some more calamari.
We're staying away from the entrees though...seemed like the poor prep went by unnoticed by the chef making it to the plate. Those sides sabotaged what could've been some great lamb dishes.
Most of the other customers leaving seemed happy though, so maybe it was just a fluke or that fact that we ordered at the end of a busy shift and were left picking through our entrees looking for the delicatable bits...but Effie's stuck us as Iffy's.Very consistently good food and excellent service.  Great outdoor courtyard in the summer.I used to eat here at least twice a month when I lived at 9th and pine, though college and a few years after.
Even when I was a poor student I would always save for dinners here.   
BYOB.. which is great.. wish we had them in portland... Make sure to bring a bottle, although if you forget and  ask nicely, Effie will usually give you a few glasses from her private stash
I was in philly for family visit last week and had one night.. so of course it's effies.
we literally ordered one of everything and loved it all.
While I have no desire to rejoin the rat race that is Philly and the East Coast... I truly miss Effie and her little oasis of Goodness.
Efkharisto.I've walked pass Effie's so many times. I saw on GrouponNow Deal on this place so I thought why not, Let's try it.  This place is BYOB. The food was so so. I would prefer other Greek restaurants around the city.  The place is not very fancy for the price the charge you on food.  This place really need some update.
The hotest/waitress seated us right away gave us a menu then she left us sitting there for almost 30 mins waiting to order food.  Finally I got up to her and asked if we can order food.   I have to say this place is over priced for the amount of food you get.  
I heard they used microwave to cook our food!!!   I heard microwave beeping few times so I am guessing some of the food may not be fresh from the stove.
We had Loukanika and Mousaka.  Loukanika has more two pieces of 2 nothing special sausages and tons of tomato stew with tons and tons of rice.  It was ok. Mousaka was good but again too much tomato stew which over power everything. One cool thing about this place you get complimentary dessert afterward.  It's really good. 
Would I go back?  may be. Too over priced. I would try other places before I return to this place.  I would go back if I find a deal on Groupon again.My fiancee and I stumbled upon Effie's and decided to sit for an impromptu sidewalk meal. We didn't realize it was BYO but my lovely man left me momentarily and was back with two oversized cherry and Apple organic ciders. While he was gone I ordered for us, and I have to say, they were excellent choices!
We started with warm pita and tzaziki. Just lovely with our crisp cider. 
Then we shared the charred octopus, which ended up being a little more of a salad, tossed with tomatoes, onions, fresh herbs and lemon. Refreshing and the octopus itself was still the star. 
We then had some kind of salad (sorry, I forget!) but it had lots of fresh feta and it was killer good. 
We ended with the mousaka. Wow. Wow. Mmm.  Warm cinnamon undertones mingling with the robust tomato sauce and hearty from the thinly sliced potato layer. It was the dead of summer and it was delicious but I can only imagine how satisfying it would be on a chilly night. 
Very reasonably priced, very nice staff and on our way out we realized that there is an adorable courtyard in back. Wish we knew! 
Ambiance is simple, food is simply good and BYO is always bueno in my book.Excellent service for our large group and authentic Greek cuisine. Highly recommend the lamb and fish.I am going to be one of those Yelpers and say this was closer to a 2.5 star experience but, the staff did make some effort to acknowledge our lackluster eating experience so I'll round up. I was part of a party of 8 which is always a lot to take on and we were put at a wobbly table (whatever, it happens) upstairs which lacked the first floor's festive environment but, as a whole, harkened back to that quaint European vibe. None of the food was bad (not an endorsing way to lead in to a review) with some of it being great and others just ordinary. Something that bothered me although I have a hard time faulting the employees who understandably would have trouble saying no to a bigger tip is that, despite our inquiries about what and how much we should order, they gave us no indication that we really were ordering way too much food, at one point saying their dishes were pretty small which led us having no appetite by the time our entrees arrived. The $18 sampling appetizer was nice, although nothing too special. I would pass on the calamari, meatballs, hummus platter, and the entree tomato sauce pasta dish as they were all pretty generic and in my opinion, could be found elsewhere for a cheaper price point. Three of my friends ordered the salmon and while they all thought it had a winning flavor profile, all of theirs were sashimi level undercooked and upon noting it to the waitstaff, they only took two off of the bill and instead sent us complimentary pastries. While this may not have been the best way to handle a unanimous cooking error, I did feel like they made an effort to rectify the situation. The pastitsio I ordered however is one of the better ones I've had in the Philadelphia area with great tomato and béchamel sauces, I just would've liked it to be a few dollars cheaper. I think if everything was 2/3rds of the price, I would be more amenable to coming back but, unfortunately, I think the menu for the most part is priced too high for what it is food and atmosphere-wise as there are more affordable Greek eateries as well as more compelling pricey eateries in the city.I went here for a birthday party - there was a reservation, but it still took some time to get seated.  Not unreasonably long, but long enough to get sick of standing around.
The food (lamb lemonato with a saganaki appetizer) was pretty good.  It did not really rival my Yiayia and Papou's cooking, but it did the trick.
The whole layout looks really nice and is a solid date-night spot.  It also has the kind of formal and yet casual-at-heart vibe that you find in Greece.  
If you want to go to Effie's, don't worry about running nonstop all the way from Marathon, but do make sure to stroll-by sometime.I had booked a reservation for my birthday at Effie's 6 weeks in advance for the upstairs room for 14 people. When I called to make the reservation I spoke with a man who explained the menu to me and we chose what my guests would have. I was really excited because it's a BYOB, not to expensive and I'd been there once before for a similar party. A few days for my birthday I called to confirm and everything was set. The day of my birthday, the owner called again to "make sure i was still coming." Oh course I was still coming, I had 14 people driving into center city for my party!  My reservation was for 8pm, I got there at 8:10pm and a few of my people were already there. The hostess/server brought me upstairs to the room, and there was another party at my table! I was told we would have the whole room, I definitely was not expecting to sit at 2 separate tables in a corner nook no big enough to fit 1 table, next to the only bathroom up there!  Are you kidding me, NO WAY! 8 people couldn't fit there let alone 14!! So I went back downstairs and asked to speak with the manager/owner.  The hostess went to the open kitchen, talked to the owner (who was cooking), whispered something, came back and said she'd be out in a few minutes. 45 minutes, and 14 hungry people later she still didn't come out of the OPEN kitchen to talk to me, I could see her ignoring me!!! So, I went back there to find out what was going on, whether the group was finishing, what happened... anything... Turns out, they gave away my table to a walk in group of 12 people at 7pm!! A 12 top does not turn over in an hour!!  I booked 6 weeks in advance and now I didn't have table to fit my group.  I worked in restaurants for 6 years, and that was the absolute worst service I had ever encountered.  She was rude, gave me BS excuses and they got angry with me for getting upset. I will NEVER go back, neither will anyone from my group. And, the one time I had been there before, the food wasn't that good. Total FAIL.This has been my favorite restaurant since day one, almost exactly 2 years ago.
When I went the first time, it was a tad pricey for a freshman in college, but definitely the kind of classy that you want. Not a snooty classy, but an authentic Greek beauty classy, in the hardwood upstairs, terrace with small fountains and mosaic tabletops, or semi-private carriage house.
It used to be less popular, and finding a private experience was easier. The food- phenomenal, especially the lamb  lemonato and the original mese platter. The platter is no longer available but they have another in its stead that is okay.
The male  servers are SWEETHEARTS. We are regulars, and of our probably 12 times there, we've had the same Croatian man 9 times. We twice had the young guy (also very nice), and recently a new blonde girl. She was rude, forgetful, and didn't know details of the menu  at. all. Effie herself will come off as harsh, but only on really busy nights. And eventually, you might even get a recipe out of her, but be prepared with pen and pencil because she rarely shares with anyone, including her sous chefs.
Unfortunately, in the past 8 months it became very popular, so the menu changed and the prices went up about 30-40%. It's  much less affordable for us, now. It's very busy Friday/Saturday nights. A new yummy, light appetizer is a the Watermelon, Feta, Mint salad.  An affordable option is the gyro and other dishes at the very bottom left of the menu.
I would have given it 5 stars, but lately it's just too much money. Price range for 2 entrees and a sharable appetizer plus tip- 60-80 dollars.Ehhh...Effie's is nice...but it as hard for me to keep track of the individual dishes since many of them were not super memorable. We came here as a group and were offered the really nice private dining spot in the back. Our meal included three types of hummus, Greek salad, spanakopita, and I got the moussaka and fried fish. I thought the hummus selection was interesting and was delighted that some were slightly spicy and offered a good kick, however, they were a bit too dense for my taste. The salad was decent, but certainly very fresh. I really did not enjoy the spanakopita primarily because the wrapping had a weird, bad water taste that I couldn't get rid of. The fried fish was really good, although I think less fried would have made it perfect. The tail was crispy and the head thoroughly cooked through. The moussaka is a monstrous beast, although I think the size was more impressive than its complexity. That being said, it was still very good and filling. 
At the end of the day, everything was good, but nothing stood out. So, solid 3 stars all around.I don't recommend going to this place in the winter. I was sat in the back carriage house with no heat. The door was constantly left wide open. Very cold everyone was eating in winter coats and heavy sweaters. I didn't wear a heavy sweater because I didn't think it would have been a carriage house with no heat I was told by one of the workers "it's not summer time you should be wearing a coat" the food was good but I'm sure you can get the same quality of food with nicer staff. I feel like this happens a lot cause I seen multiple reviews with the same thing and I said ahhhh that sounds a little far fetch but nope happened to me.Delicious Greek food! Sitting on the patio or the garden during the warmer months but also has more private indoor seating. Hummus is delicious! Accommodating for gluten free diet restrictions.Pretty disappointed with my experience last Friday night here. 
Everything got off to such a great start with the tzatziki and spanakopita. Both were well above average compared to what I've been served in other Greek restaurants. But then came the entrees, ouch. I got the Shrimp Santorini which was an embarrassment of a $23 plate. The shrimp were small, unseasoned and few and far between. The rest of the plate was just a pile of rice with basically tomato sauce on it. Big time letdown after eying up this item all week while playing the menu game. My girl got a stuffed chicken which was Sahara desert dry and unseasoned. It also inexplicably came with a sad pile of peas in the corner which got no love from either of us. They gave us a piece of pie on the house for desert, but it also was marginal at best.
We used Savored and they didn't initially take the 30% of the bill but they quickly corrected this when we mentioned something. Otherwise our service was smooth all night although we were put right next to the live music and ended up having to shout at each other all night. The only other option was to be put in the back of the restaurant alone which was even more an outdated space than the front. Thanks but no thanks Effie.This place is romantic, homey, and welcoming. I would give 5 stars for atmosphere--it's a quality place for a date or a nice dinner with friends. I had the feeling that I was actually in Greece in some ridiculously talented chef's backyard...
Everything is reasonably priced, and DELICIOUS.I came in on a Saturday night with Katie B. and about 7 others. The place is definitely outdated and needs some new interior design. 
We started with hummus and zuchinni chips. Both were great and very authentic. Our food was pretty quick. Unfortunately one of our friend's meal was cold and he had to wait about 15 minutes to get it back. There was also a dish forgotten. I ordered the shrimp santorini which was just eh. Nothing was special about it and it was small portioned. For being a BYOB I think they are decently priced, especially compared to Kanella. 
This is actually a great place for a group if you're at the large table on the second floor (like we were). I thought the service was also mediocre. Our waitress came around at very sporadic times which wasn't helpful when there was a meal cold which could have been resolved much quicker.Food was delicious. My mouth is still watering at the memory of the whole fish special. We went on a night when they had a vegetarian moussaka, which was very good; not sure how pescetarian friendly the menu would have been otherwise. The management was attentive and accommodating. The place is cozy, but there were apparently a number of rooms in addition to the main room (including a back building and an upstairs area).Effie's has really great food, but for me it's atmosphere is what makes it. The restaurant is in an old house, with dining areas throughout it, even in the garden! The family staff is really hospitable, but occasionally slow with service. None the less, a good find.A couple friends and I shared a mini-buffet late Sunday afternoon... it's the way to go!!!
I will have to choose moderate as the price range, but trust me, it is much closer to $11pp than it is to $30pp. (Someone should change the price range options to $10 or $15 increments. My mom would balk at $30pp, but not at $11, even though they're in the same group. lol)
We chose to sit at a sidewalk table, and it was quite pleasant. Side street, barely any motor traffic, and very little foot traffic. Good for people watching, though, as you can see the people on Pine Street.
The staff makes you feel like an old friend even if it's your first visit.
On to the food, I don't like calamari, but someone always insists I taste it, and this is the freshest I've had. There's a shrimp and mussel dish in some kind of lemony/mustardy sauce that is absolutely delicious, even though I am not a fan of mussels. There's a "seared cheese" dish that I couldn't believe I liked... Actually, I am craving it right now, which is what reminded me that I had a review to write. lol. I am still trying to figure out what the taste of that cheese evokes, but it is good.
And then my favorite things in no particular order: 1 - the hummus... It is divine. It is fresh, it is lumpy, and it tastes AWESOME. I am addicted to it. We had to send for more pita bread three times. Which brings me to number 2: The pita is the best I've ever had. It is slightly crisp yet soft and fluffy all at once. It is heavenly. 3: The chicken souvlaki sandwich. I stuffed my face with a little bit of everything, but the sammie I just HAD to finish. The flavors are BEAUTIFUL. lol It's the only word I can think to describe it.
Just be sure to scrub the smell of onions off your hands afterward. lol
NOTE: Effie's does not open until the evening. Please don't try to go for lunch. lolBecca:
Spring finally showed up in Philly which made it the perfect setting to enjoy some authentic Greek food with my work colleagues outdoors.  We first noticed how incredibly charming the decor was on the outside.  Vine climbs up the brick walls and there are little lights strung across the back patio. SUPER cute.
Our waiter was friendly and attentive.  "Bread service" consisted of simple grilled pita and olive oil which was a perfect start to a great evening.  We ordered the calamari and grilled octopus salad for appetizers.  Both were fresh and seriously divine.  The calamari was perfectly breaded to give enough crunch and the flavors of the octopus salad blended together excellently.  I would say both were decently portioned for 3 hungry girls.
For dinner, my friend ordered the Branzino special which looked and tasted amazing.  It was served aside a simple, yet delicious combo of asparagus and potatoes.  My other friend got the Shrimp Santorini which honestly looked forgettable but apparently tasted great.  Carrying the seafood theme, I got the Armonia which was a trio of mussels, calamari, and shrimp over a spicy orzo and W O W! Seafood was fresh and abundant.  Honestly would get this meal 10/10 times.  All of the entrees are decently priced (~$20-25) and well-portioned. 
Our meals were rounded off with a free Greek custard pie (so sorry I don't know the traditional name!) that was light, flaky, and just the right amount of sweetness. 
Though they were not super busy, we never felt rushed during the meal.  We enjoyed our wine, each other's company, and the fabulous ambience for probably around 30-40 minutes after our meal.  Perfect for intimate get togethers (either with friends or a significant other) and there is a separate indoor area in the back which looks great for private parties/events.  OH and did I mention its BYO?! Overall, wonderful experience!Great Greek BYO! Had a great meal here with a big group - the braised lamb, the moussaka, and all the appetizers were amazing. Very reasonably priced, and our server was very attentive and nice. Would definitely go back!Go for the food, the pricing, and the BYOL/W/B, the service is a bit spotty, at least it was the Saturday night I went.  The food was very authentic - having been to Greece a number of times - and well prepared, all-in-all a great experience.Salad was excellent, lamb inedible. After chewing it like gum had to discreetly spit out. Sat outside and the chairs & set-up were extremely uncomfortable. Waiter was eye candy & attentive so felt guilty & had to leave a big tip.This is hands down the best Greek restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of dining at.  Kanella is great, but Effie's is Legendary. This is the real deal, authentic, fresh, amazing flavors and good portions.  If I could only recommend one restaurant to someone visiting the city, this would be it.
If you're the type of person looking for first class waitstaff and a luxury experience, don't expect to find it here, this place is run by a few dedicated individuals who do the best they can with the limited staff they have.  You might have to wait a bit for your table even though you had a reservation, and they won't be as attentive as a server at Del Frisco's, but who cares? You come here to eat amazing food, not be treated like the king of the world.
A+++++ Would dine here again...over, and over, and over again.I am a huge fan of this place. It is great for groups especially because it's byob, but definitely make a reservation because it's small. They were extremely accommodating and worked well with our dietary restrictions. I don't think anyone was disappointed by their food. It's extremely affordable and the pasta portions are pretty large, so you could probably share a few. I loved the Makaronia and would highly recommend it. The group really enjoyed the Saganaki as an app. Great location, definitely worth trying out if you're looking for yummy greek food and a casual place to wine and dine.Was excited to try out this restaurant, as I had walked by it a few times and loved having the ability to dine al fresco. On weekend nights the place is packed and I think they were a bit short staffed on the night we were there. The service was so-so, but I think that's a result of them being really busy, so I don't hold any points against them. Unfortunately for me, the food was not enjoyable. I usually love everything that I eat at Greek restaurants, but this time I struggled to find something that I really liked. It wasn't terrible, but definitely needed some more seasoning.Excellent Greek food, service was really good, prices are reasonable. The portions were huge. The menu had a good variety. Very pleased with this place. We sat outside and that area was really cozy and inviting.Our hotel recommended Effie's and 3 of us loved our dinners so much that we came back two nights later. There are over 40 restaurants in the area, and these guys were so good we didn't even want to try anywhere else. Hard to imagine that the food would top our first dinner of lamb chops and pasta but the second time we had Lamb Shanks that just fell off the bone. Full of flavor but not greasy. Everything is authentic and all hand made with love by a very nice staff too. There are only 8 tables so make a reservation - you don't want to miss out on this tiny family gem. Can't wait to return to Philly some day to eat here again.The food was good, not great. The service was the problem at Effie's. There was a large party inside and we were outside. We ordered two appetizers and one entree. They brought one appetizer and then our entree, completely missing the second appetizer. The woman's excuse was, "sorry, the large party inside is killing us". That's not an excuse as I'm sure they booked that large party well in advance to staff appropriately. Also, ANY decent restaurant would typically say let us bring you the forgotten appetizer and it's no charge. Nope, they brought it afterwards and still charged us for it. Cheaper National chains would do that but a Mom and Pop place doesn't? Unacceptable. So with bad service and decent food, I'd recommend another Greek restaurant. Even through it's technically Cyprian, Kanella is a FAR superior place to eat.If you are looking for excellent Greek food and a great atmosphere...don't go to Effie's. The food is decent but not nearly worth what they are charging. Don't get me wrong, when I go out in the city, I expect to pay a little more for my meal, but at almost every restaurant I have been to in the city, I have gotten a lot of bang for my buck. Excellent food, great atmosphere and ambiance, beautiful/interesting decor, and excellent service are all things that you hope for in return...the only one I received at Effie's was great service. I was treated to a night of the cook/owner screaming profanities (in an open kitchen) at his staff that made a grown man cringe, the restaurant (and the bathrooms!) were dirty and in need of some serious refurbishing, and I was served my bottle of wine in a coffee cup. All-in-all I would say Effie's is a poorly run, far less than mediocre restaurant in a city that offers many great dining experiences...do yourself a favor, go somewhere else!The place is really cute! The food is nice! My gf got the chicken soup and it was very tasty! We had the Greek salad which was a very nice size. They serve bread with spices for free. We also got the whole Branzino fish which we shared. It was tasty! They got us desert on the house because it was our first time at the place. Highly recommended!Went here with a pretty large group (7 of us). They sat us outside within minutes of our arrival. We ordered 6 apps, 7 entrées and the desert was on the house as a gift. We are a family so we passed around all dishes so everyone could taste the menu and everything I had was cooked perfectly. The portion size were more then generous and the safe was extremely friendly. Everything was fresh and you can see them cooking it in their tiny open kitchen. We spoke with one of the people who worked there. The family came from Greece is 1985 and opened the place. They are the real deal! I was presently surprised since I've lived in philly for 11 years and never heard of it before it was suggested by a friend. My now go to when I am craving Greek food!We had a wonderful time at Effies. The patio seating is cozy and romantic, and even on a hot day it remains shaded and cool. 
We started our dinner with tzatztiki, piping hot pita, and a plate of very light calamari. The main courses were braised lamb and chicken, both succulent. We had ordered a salad but this turned out to be overkill - the appetizers and two main courses were quite generous in size. 
Definitely will return.Came here with a group of 7 for my friend's birthday.  I called ahead to ask if I could drop off a cake, and they said it was totally fine.  I dropped it off before dinner with candles, and they brought it out with plates and forks, no plating charge.
The food was also great and huge portions, all for a reasonable price.  I got the special (Stuffed Chicken) - so good!  They sat us on their cute back porch area and everything about the dinner was enjoyable.  Will definitely be back!After a recent vacation to Greece, my fiancé and I were craving some authentic Greek food and ventured to Effie's last night. Everything was outstanding! The atmosphere is cozy and welcoming, and we immediately felt at home. The food was delicious as well, and the fact that it's BYOB is a huge plus. Their tzatziki is made with yogurt (not sour cream like some other places in the city), and we had the Loukanika and the Braised Lamb for entrees which were both excellent. At the end of our meal they gave us a complimentary dessert made with phyllo dough, custard, and honey-a really nice treat.
We will definitely be back!Best Greek in the city.  Recently went there for MOthers day.  Everyone in our family was very pleased.  We are snobby about greek food too due to having greek relatives.  
I got the moussaka. It was so good!  
We sat in the back which seemed like an old, rehabbed barn or guesthouse or something. Neat decor. The ambiance was really cool.  Had quite a quaint feel that only historic buildings can give.  I should of asked what the structure was some time ago but the food had my full attention!!!The main thing this BYOB has going for it is the ambiance.  It has a sweet little courtyard, a private oasis in the city, and that great carriage house space at the rear.  We didn't sit in the carriage house because there was a large group in there, but it looks like it would be a good space for a group even though other reviews also mention it as a romantic table for two.  Food-wise, your better bet is to try to get a table at Kanella, which is leaps and bounds better.  Effie's is just ok.  The saganaki is pretty weak.  It doesn't come out in flames (which I only care about for the drama of it), but it's too dense and less flavorful than other Greek restaurants I've been to (Symposium in New York has the best saganaki, Mythos in West Chester, PA is a close second).  I had the Shrimp Santorini with feta, scallions and a nice tomato sauce, which was good - I liked it, but I was disappointed with the portion for how much I paid for it.  For $23, I would have hoped to have gotten twice as much.  Take your $23 a few blocks away to Kanella if you really want Greek, and get yourself something (everything is delicious) that'll blow Effie's away.Eff this place. Go to Kanella instead.
In short, there's just no reason to go to Effie's.  Kanella, also BYO, is just 2 blocks away and is serving Greek food that is more innovative, better-prepared, and comparably priced.
At Effie's I had the lamb souvlaki platter, which had dry, flavorless and overcooked meat.  I asked for double vegetables instead of rice, which I didn't get, but one serving of the over-steamed and tasteless veggies was enough anyway.
There's just no reason to pay $20 for an uninspired and mediocre souvlaki that you could expect to get better in a diner for half the price.  Not when Kanella is doing such a better job just blocks away.Made a reservation and was sat in a room in the back yard, very cozy and romantic.
The service was attentive and warm, the place is charming as a family-run type of place.
The food was great, we ordered the fish and it was perfectly made and seasoned. The greek salad (we requested no lettuce so it's more veggies and actually more athentic) and it was really great, the appetizer platter was also good. This is a BYOB so be sure to bring a good bottle of wine with you.
We will definitely come back again!One of my absolute favorite spots in the city. This is a hidden gem in my opinion, not many restaurants you can go in Philly and get a "home cooked meal". The prices are very reasonable and the staff is great. Don't expect anything fancy, just a very low key vibe and a  very very good dinner. There is a great little private backyard to eat in if it's a nice night. My favorite dishes are the spanakopita, moussaka, Effie's chicken, Gyro, lemon chicken soup and the Greek salad is on another level.Really great food and the prices aren't bad!! The best way I've done their food is to order a bunch of things off their menu and split! That way you can sample everything! The environment is really cute too- make sure you sit outside! A little hidden gem in Philadelphia :)I actually think that the food quality has gone down considerably over the past couple years and the service is veerrry slow, but since it's a byo I often go and plan to take my time so it's not as much of an issue. I think it's mostly carried by ambience/ atmosphere and also it's pretty inexpensive. It's worth trying though. 
I think the food and atmosphere is way better at Kanella around the corner, however, Kanella is a bit more expensive as well.This place is great. It was very small and you definitely get that home cooked feeling because of eating in a house, not a restaurant. First of all, any byo is great to begin with. But then the food was delicious. The cheese, calamari, and shrimp apps were all good.  I had tilapia with risotto which was very good.
The only strange thing was that they kept telling us that one appetizer was good for 2  - 4 people and said our table of 4 should only get 1. We got 2 and then ordered 2 more. They were so tiny!My family and my sister's in-laws came here for Mother's Day with a party of 9. We were seated in the carriage house in the back, which was adorable, private, homey, casual. I really felt transported to a Greek hostel from the ambience and decor! BYOB and good for large parties.
Our waitress was very sweet but the special menu of the day had inaccurately noted which dishes came with sides and she was very unclear about which entrees provided the option of switching sides out for different ones. We were a bit bummed about this because the normal sides aren't that good--rice and string beans--while the beets and the lemon potatoes were fantastic. 
In general, the appetizers were better than the entrees. We tried the meletzanosalata (eggplant dip), fried calamari, grilled feta, and saganaki cheese. Skip the grilled feta, but the rest were great, especially the eggplant and the saganaki. Obsessed.
I ordered the Shrimp Santorini, which came in a huge portion and was warm, saucy, and satisfying. My sister ordered the lamb souvlaki plate, and I really enjoyed that as well. We indulged quite a bit and I think we had some special options due to the holiday so our meal overall was not inexpensive, but entrees are generally $15-20.I really like this little Greek restaurant in the heart of the Gay Village.
Come here early though on weekends because it is bound to fill up with reservations.
Effie's was visited this past weekend with my girlfriend equipped with a bottle of wine from Jose Garces Trading Co. which is on 11th & Locust...so the walk isn't so bad if you wanna pick up a bottle for this BYOB.
I ordered Fish and Chips and she got a Veggie Gyro with fries. Both were delicious, and for appetizers we had grilled feta cheese topped with peppers and tomatoes accompanied by warm, fresh pita.
I highly recommend this spot but be aware...it's not a college budget meal. With the bottle of wine, appetizers, respective meals, and some coffee it came out to be around $75.
A trip back is absolutely in order...when I have the money!Food is okay. BYOB. Knocked it down once spot because the service was poor and waitress was rudeI am shocked by the high reviews for this place.
What is great about Effie's is the ambience, location and service.  
But the food??? eh.
We went with a large group and were well taken care of.  However, at $50 a pop for a BYOB, I would expect some delicious food and that we did NOT get.
The shrimp santorini was a soppy mess of overcooked shrimp on top of overcooked rice.  The chicken souvlaki was dry and inedible (with more overcooked rice).  And the sides of vegetables? eek ... string beans and carrots that had been stewed beyond recognition.  No flavor, no freshness.  The food was about 10 steps below what I would expect from a Greek diner.
I won't even talk about the pita-from-a-bag.
I will not be going back.We just went to Effie's for dinner last night, based mainly on the Yelp reviews.  Once again, the reviews were spot on!  Our meal was lovely.  It was a beautiful evening, so we chose to sit outside.  Although Effie's has a Pine Street address, the entrance to the restaurant is on Quince St., as are the outdoor tables.  It makes for a slightly more private dining experience, though as others have remarked, it does make for good people watching, as you can watch the Pine St. foot traffic. 
We started with an appetizer of imported feta and kalamata olives.  This feta was insanely soft and delicately balanced.  I've had Greek feta that was much saltier--this feta was just right, without any of the briny flavor (which does have its time and place!)  The olives were nice and fruity, but nothing remarkable.  Our next appetizer was the grilled octopus.  These little chunks of octopus were grilled and crunchy on the outside, with a softer, chewier center.  The spice mixture was just right.
For an entree, we shared the lamb souvlaki and a side of the garlic beets.  Mmmmm.  The lamb was cooked perfectly, and was accompanied by a delightful tzatziki, some yummy peas cooked in a tomato sauce (both the boy and I commend on the fact that we don't love peas, but this was a hit), and a bit of rice.  The lamb really did melt in my mouth.  The beets we had were a bit on the sweet side, but several pieces did provide a nice kick of garlic.
All in all, it was a great meal.  The service was pretty quick and our server was very genial and entertaining.  The only real gripe I have is that there were a few flies congregated around as we tried to eat our meal.  We kept having to wave them away, which bothered me more than it did my dining companion.  I suppose that's a hazard of dining outdoors!Disappointing. 
We came here a few weeks back with a big group (9 of us) for a friend's birthday and we were so excited! Effie's is a BYO and we thought there couldn't be a better way to celebrate a birthday with a few bottles of wine, Greek food, and cake (we brought our own)! 
However, the whole experience was just disappointing. We called several days ahead and made sure that they had our reservation and that we could bring our own cake. Everything seemed ready to go. However, when we got there, we still ended up having to wait outside for about 20-25 minutes. I think the wait would have been better if we could have been inside, but with our group we couldn't all fit. It was a rainy, chilly night, so waiting outside was unpleasant. 
Once they were able to seat us in the back garage area, it took about 20 more minutes for our waitress to come with water and a bottle opener (they only have one or two bottle openers, we ended up having to share with the tables around us). So the night was already off to a rough start. 
We were able to order several apps to the table and though it took probably another 20 minutes, the food was pretty tasty. The pita was the most enjoyable part. It was warm and felt light and fresh. I think I ate one basket by myself. 
We ordered our dinner, which took another an hour to come to the table. (I'm not sure if that was meant to be part of the experience? Maybe it is meant to be a sit back, enjoy your wine, and relax, but it just came off as slow and frustrating.) The food, again, was good, but in my mind not worth the wait or the cost... 
I'm glad they let us bring our own cake, but the waitress brought the cake to the table when several of the group members went to the bathroom. Awkward and terrible timing, I felt bad for the birthday girl. 
I think if I come back, I'll try to do it with a much smaller group!!I like Effies. It is refreshing greek food where you can really taste all the flavors. If you're into Greek food, don't expect anything you've never tasted before or a total reincarnation of a classic. This place is uncomplicated and satisfying and nice to have in the neighborhood.  
Also, the pita is slightly grilled and delish. I definitely recommend the sample platter thing for appetizers. Thetzatziki is truly delightful as well. 
And if the weather is right, don't forget about the garden patio seats. It doesn't get much better than unassuming greek food on a warm summer night....I plan on taking anyone here who enjoys great food with a genuine atmosphere. 
Try their moussaka.
Great for all seasons- garden in the back 
Very romanantic
BYOBI went to Effie's on Friday night with a group of 15 to celebrate a friend getting a new job and moving away. The staff was accommodating to our large group and allowed us to move our tables around and get comfortable. We sat upstairs which was a room that seems to be designed to hold one or two large parties. The other large party that was seated upstairs was quite a bit younger and louder than our group. We didn't mind, but I could see it being very annoying if you are expecting a calm, nice dinner. It's a BYO and both my party and the unknown other group brought (and drank) more than enough. The food was good. Has an almost homey feel to it. My favorite dish was the grilled feta starter - it was fantastic! Grilled feta topped with olive oil, tomatoes, jalapeños - great! I have eaten here one other time long ago and sat in the courtyard - I remember it to be a much quainter and quieter experience. I will return again and sit somewhere quiet and outside.Greek food! Big portions! Good prices! And BYOB!
For money you would spend at a place like Chili's or Applebee's, come to Effie's instead! You could be having a souvlaki sandwich or some tasty dishes on rice or pasta! Not only do you get good food, but you can save some money on the alcohol front and BYOB! Definitely I will be frequenting more often :)Came here last night with a party of 9, was able to easily make a reservation in advance through open table and is a BYOB. The front area of the restaurant is cramped and small, which was a slight turn off when we first arrived. However, we ended up in a back private room off the patio. It was raining out so the patio was covered but would be an awesome outside dining area on a nice night. The room we were in really made you feel like you were in Greece, cement walls, authentic décor. Being a large party I think we sampled the whole menu. The highlights of the apps for us were the zucchini fries with aioli, greek meatballs and spanakopita. For dinner I sampled the chicken Slovakia (chicken and tzatziki were very flavorful!!) but the big head turner for me on entrees was the greek sausage dish- which was recommended by our server. Seems to be a family run restaurant, which I love, checking in on us throughout our meal. Even surprised us with a baklava on the house at the end (which is a must order for dessert). My only negative complaint is they never informed us until we tried to pay that for parties greater than 6 it is cash only and they do not have an ATM in house.Mediocre down to earth home cooked greek cuisine. Service is great, the staff is courteous and friendly. Unfortunately I'm pretty sure I saw a mouse scamper into the corner with a bit of pita between his teeth. I quickly forget about this when I heard a ruckus coming from the kitchen which was caused by the owner screaming at the cook. 
After I finished my dry and flavorless lamb lemonado I paid my check and as I walked through the doorway I caught my server getting an earful from the owner as well which I felt was greatly unfounded, she had provided me excellent service with an amiable smile and seemed to be more on top of matters concerning the restaurant than her aggressor. 
Do not go here, Effie's is overpriced, overcooked and flavorless. They do not even have an adequate supply of wine glasses, I don't particularly enjoy sipping from solo cups. 
Effie's is a disgrace to the neighborhood.This place is BYOB, and really cute! When you walk in, you literally feel like you are walking into somebody's kitchen. Which make sense, because there is a partial open kitchen. The space is really small, but if you go into the back (walk outside through a tiny courtyard), there is a back room. Very intimate and romantic setting, and much less frantic.
My group ordered an appetizer platter to share with all the traditional Greek apps, and I ordered the moussaka as my main. It was tasty, and I ate most of it. The best surprise was the baklava dessert on the house. I thought I had no more stomach space, but there is always room for dessert. Yum!
This is a Greek comfort / family food place. Maybe I'm spoiled by a trip to Greece a few years ago, but nothing here really shouts oompa! I feel a really well done gyro can impress me more!Quaint place for weeknight dinner. Service was fast and friendly. Some of the highlights of the menu were the starters ie Greek salad and octopus dish.This place was great when I moved here three years ago. Fresh and authentic Greek food. However, the last time I went here it was not so great. It seemed like they were cuttin' some corners and it was obvious unfortunately :(I've dined here now over ten times...in groups, with one or two close friends, and on a date night.  The one thing that is consistent about this place is that the quality of food completely fluctuates.  I've had dishes I've loved but more often I've had dishes where I leave thinking I could definitely make this at home and way better.
If you're going to dine here, stick to salads, apps and small plates.  The entrees are extremely disappointing - over-sauced; dried out meat; under-seasoned; soggy, un-fresh vegetables.
On a side note the friendliness of the staff also fluctuates. I've come when they've been so lovely and nice and have even given us complimentary dessert and other times when they're rude and tell us that there's a reservation and they need our table 30 minutes after we have sat down.  Note to staff:  a smile and a nice greeting  goes a long way.
Overall, this isn't a great place and could definitely use a makeover, but I struggle because there aren't many Greek places in Philly.One of our favorite places for good home cooked Greek food.   We've always enjoyed our food and the friendly service (and the baklava is FABO!).
If the weather is nice ask to sit outside in the patio (between) the two buildings.  Great atmosphere.  A neighborhood jewel in center city!The atmosphere is adorable and with an extremely quaint outdoor area. Food was delicious. Only complaint was that it was $3 per glass of soda. Which I'd known that ahead of time.