Stellar. 
Equals or surpasses any Indian/Pakistani/Balti food I've ever had in London/Britain.
For half the price of Tiffin.Chicken Tikka Masala.
I've never had such irresistible cravings for anything as I have for their chicken tikka masala.  If you haven't had it yet, you don't even know. 
Also...  I live at 21st & Fitzwater (Graduate Hospital neighborhood).  They're in Fishtown on east girard.. and they DELIVER TO ME! yes yes yes!Hands down the best Indian I've had since I moved to Philadelphia.  I wish I knew the names of the items I tried but they were all good.A friend surprised me with this visit.  Small but the food was very good.  A slow Thursday night and it was BYOB.  I definitely would eat here again.  I emjoyed the chicken vindaloo, spicy yes!great place...especially if you find tiffin just a bit too expensive.  ekta is almost identical in quality, but it will save you some money.  the only real difference is that the sauces are slightly less thick than tiffin's and the paneer is smaller and a bit less firm.  other than that, you can't tell the difference.
i always order takeout, and they are quick and nice, and always throw in a sample of something new to try.  tip them well.  they deserve it!I hadn't been to Ekta since it first opened a few years ago, and went this evening for an Indian food craving. 
The food was, for the most part, excellent. My boyfriend and I both really enjoyed our entrees - I got chicken tikka masala and he got a lamb dish (which I can't recall how to spell). My chicken was delicious and the sauce was spiced beautifully. It had much more depth to it than lots of other tikka masala that I've had. The naan was warm and fresh. Minus one star for the vegetable samosas that we ordered as an appetizer - burning hot on the outside and freezing cold in the middle. The texture of samosa filling when it is cold is not appealing at all. 
Service was friendly and efficient. Very solid option for Indian food in the area.I can't even comment on Ekta's food. Why? Because it still hasn't been delivered, nearly two hours after I ordered it. I've never had, or even heard of, such terrible service. I've called the restaurant to check on the progress (if you can call it that) and have been told each time that it will be another fifteen minutes. I'm so angry I didn't even cancel the order because I want to see how long it takes at this point. 
Never again.Oh but seriously, Ekta is bomb.
You know how Philly can't really handle snow...or rain...or any weather pattern not consistent with Scottsdale, Arizona? 
Well mega props to Ekta for having solid delivery of hot food in less than an hour on the quintessential dark and stormy night....When the rain smacks against your window like a cudgel wrapping against prison walls, there's nothing more comforting than a large hot bowl of spicy, freshly cut bindi masala. 
The spice warms your insides, while the okra, tender, yet firm, swoops over your tongue. The garlic naan oddly cools your fire, calms your gastric juices, and appeases your tongue with its soft, fluffy elegance.Woah! Can't believe I haven't written a review of Ekta yet. I've been a regular for pretty much as long as they've been open. Great take out, and they have a small dining room now too. Great place for a simple date that doesn't feel like a big to-do. I have yet to find any other Indian food in the city that compares. Karma in Old City is a close 2nd.
My favorite way to order is while sitting in traffic on 95-S and then picking up after taking the Girard exit to avoid the rest of the traffic on 95. If traffic starts flowing and I have some time to wait in the take out area, I love watching them place the naan into the tandoori or pulling it out with the irons.cant keep me away from the malia kofta!!! heaven in my mouth.
worlds apart from tiffin.I'm upgrading my review because Ekta is now what I consider to be the best Indian food in the city.   Food is fantastic, authentic, fresh, and priced fairly.Love the food here!
We've grabbed take out a few times here and never been disappointed. Some of the best Indian food I've found.
We even brought our young kids into the new dining room and had a great time there. Very friendly staff, good service and excellent food. It's our go to Indian restaurant.After all the great ratings on yelp from the other reviewers, we decided to try out Ekta (Fishtown).  We're an Indian family, so while we may be pickier than some, most of the time yelp reviews have not steered us wrong.  That is until we ate at Ekta.  (For those of you that don't want to read the whole review, in short the service was poor and very slow, and the food was okay at best.  I won't be going there again, and I would not recommend it).
We came in for lunch (12pm)  on a weekday, and the entire place was empty.  Not a big deal since it is a weekday, so we decided to sit down anyway.  The waiter brought the papad and chutneys to our table while we looked over the menu to order.  The papad was good and crisp, and tasted fresh.  The tamarind chutney was also very tasty (tart and not overly sweet), but the mint chutney, while it was spicy and not bad, had a sweet undertone that shouldn't ever be present when making mint chutney in the traditional way.  Over all though, we were still enjoying our little snacks while we were figuring out what to order.
We ordered the Samosa Chaat and Onion Bhaji as our appetizers.  This is where our disappointing experience really began.  We had asked for the chutneys and yogurt to be brought out on the side and not mixed in to the samosa chaat so that we could add those things in to our taste (a lot of restaurants make it too sweet for our taste, so it's just easier this way).  Asking for all three of these things on the side was like a 3 minute conversation, so when they brought out the dish and it was soaking in chutneys but had the yogurt on the side, we were a little miffed, but understood that everyone can make mistakes and decided to try it and see how we liked it before we complained.   That's when things just got worse.  Samosas are supposed to be served hot... even when they are used in samosa chaat.  The samosas in the samosa chaat we were served was cold... like straight out of the fridge cold.  In addition, there was so much tamarind chutney in the dish that the samosa were basically swimming in it (not an exaggeration).  So at this point we reminded the waiter nicely how we had originally ordered it, and since the samosa was cold if they could serve it to us hot instead.  While the waiter admitted that most people serve the samosa hot and add all the cool/ cold ingredients on top, their restaurant did not and only served it cold.  As a restaurant, if you have a microwave in the kitchen (which we know they did), why not just make a customer happy and heat up the samosa before serving it?  I've never been to a restaurant that refused to accommodate the customer.   In the end, they brought out another very cold samosa in the samosa chaat, and didn't bring out any chutneys to go with it at all, expecting us to eat it dry.  On an upside, the onion bhaji was very good, but again they forgot to bring out the chutney accompaniment that goes with it, and we had to remind them to bring it for us.  
For lunch we had ordered the saag paneer and vegetables with unripe mango (can't remember the name, but it seemed really interesting) and two orders of garlic naan.  After a while the waiter brought out the saag paneer and mango vegetables, but didn't clear our table first, so he had a lot of trouble placing things.  When we stacked and collected our appetizer plates and dishes for him he took them away (another thing I don't usually have to do for a waiter to clear the table, which added to the poor service I mentioned in the first paragraph).  We waited 15 minutes for our garlic naan to be served to us after he brought out our vegetables and it was only after one of us walked over to the door of kitchen/takeout area  where the 2 workers  where and asked about our naan since our vegetables were now getting cold.  The response was "oh, do you only want 1 now?"  Really?!  15 minutes is absurd when those items should have been brought out together since they are meant to be eaten together!  Every other restaurant I have ever been to gives you all the portions of your entrée at the same time.   Did I mention there was still no one else in the restaurant, so it's not like they were busy serving other guests.  There also didn't seem to be many take out/delivery  orders at the time since we were sitting close to the door and would have been able to see another customer or delivery person.  The entrees we ordered were okay in taste and appropriately spicy for what we ordered.    I would still prefer Tiffin,  Karma, or Palace at the Ben to this place because their food and service are both good. 
If anyone was wondering, we were nice to the waitstaff despite the trouble and even told them our opinions as to how to improve service, but it didn't seem like they cared.    All in all, I will not be going back and I won't recommend this place to anyone because of their poor/slow service and just okay food.ekta is so, so good.  the vegetable samosas are amazing, the basil naan is delicious, and the lamb vindaloo will knock your socks off (they don't mess around with the heat here).  i've liked everything i've ever tried from ekta, plus it's very reasonably priced and delivers almost anywhere. just awesome.Im still a big fan and its been good enough to keep me coming back every sunday since..... well, the summer.  Ekta has become part of my day off.  After a week without it, i start to get the shakes.....then ..... ahhhh.  I get my weekly fix.  I must say that I have been back to Tiffin and its probably a closer call then I thought.  The service and look of Tiffin is better but the better food comes out of Ekta's kitchen.Fix the weak-ass Wonder Bread nan and you could very well claim the title Best Indian in Philadelphia.
Positively scrumptious and world-class.
Extremely reasonable prices.
Insanely huge delivery area.
Large, varied food orders delivered on time, with a smile, every item at the perfect temperature.
Two Indian thumbs up!Soooo good. Mango curry is my favorite thing from here. The mango chutney is the best ive ever had, usually if i get it from other places its really watery and gross. Go hereThe best Indian food I've ever tasted anywhere. Although their prices have gradually increased over the years, I buck up anyway because the food is outstanding. I take an inconvenient drive across the city to get my Ekta when the craving hits, and I'll never waste my time or money getting Indian food from anywhere closer or more convenient. 
I'd do anything to convince them to deliver to my home in South Philadelphia. Do you hear me, Ekta? ANYTHING! This includes breaking the law. What can I do?Favorite indian in philly. Get the mango paneer it's my favorite thing ever! Sweet and spicy- more lien a sweet bbq than a mango flavor. Lamb vindaloo is amazing and very spicy. Tandoori veggies are good too. The prices keep going up which makes sense for the neighborhood but still wigs everything was still $12. If you eat in its BYOB and the service is nice. The only complaints is I wish they didn't serve super hot food in plastic containers- not sure what a more health conscious option would be- maybe cardboard soup containers. They are not easily recyclable either.Credit card issue is resolved, but my credit card company had to clear it up.  So again...use cash and enjoy!Great food, though a bit pricey. Ordered delivery and they didn't provide eating utinsels and had a hard time finding our location.The best curry I've ever had! Home-made taste on all of their food. The cashew roll was delicious! Customer service was outstanding!Went here last night to explore Fishtown, a part of town I've neglected to invest my time in. Since I'm pretty sick of eating burgers and fried food, my friend and I opted to have indian.
Parking is a a bit difficult here since it's all street or residential parking. We got lucky to find a spot 3 blocks away.
The entrance confused us at first but it looks like two buildings that merged into one, with a wall that divides the takeout portion on the right and the restaurant on the left. It was strange to me at first but I realize the advantage to that is that the restaurant area is more quiet and intimate  as a result. We sat in the corner and noted the simple but clean eating area. The waiter was very good, quick and not pushy at all. He was always in the vicinity but never hovered. He also paid attention to when our water  or rice bowl needed refilling. 
We ordered the chicken tikka marsala (can't have an indian meal without it) and the boti kabob (lamb marinated overnight with ginger garlic and baked in a tandoori oven).  While we waited, the waiter filled our water and gave us the crispy appetizer in the beginning, supposedly made out of chick peas. It came with two dips, a sweet brown one and a green one that reminded me of green chili.
The lamb was tender and delicious, but I was not a fan of the raw slices of onion - ouch.
The tikka marsala was a bit on the sweet side, creamy and filling. Let's not forget the basmati rice, can't stop eating that!
Overall a great place for delicious indian food. Pricey, but delicious.Had their chicken tikka masala & buttered chicken. Perfect!
Keep in mind that they don't have much seating so it's pretty much only take out...My teenage daughters and I LOVE Indian Food.  We've tried A LOT of Indian Restaurants in the area, and we used to like Tiffins, but then we discovered EKTA and that was it for us.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is the best I've ever tasted anywhere.  The portions are very generous, and we usually split one order between us and add some appetizers like onion bhaji, samosas (delicious, and the tamarind chutney is the best I've ever tasted!).  We also usually order palak (spinach) naan.  I love to eat in because the whole place smells amazing!  A lot of time we call ahead and pick up our food.  The only thing that's a little tricky is trying to find parking when picking up, but I usually just double park because they have my food waiting and ring me up immediately.  The staff is always friendly, they even know what we usually order.  The place is clean and the ambiance is very relaxing.This place is great!  We get delivery for lunch from here at least once a week.  They never disappoint!  Butter Chicken, fruit & nut Naan, and extra rice all day!Love this little spot on Girard Ave that's given me a big appreciation for Indian food. The food is everything you'd expect it to be: flavorful, colorful, and delicious. My favorite on the menu so far is the Chicken Tikka Masala and the garlic naan, but have also tried the mango chicken and mint chicken. Every meal was excellent; you can barely keep yourself from using up every bit of the sauces. 
The restaurant is very clean and tidy and the service is always fast and friendly. As others have mentioned, the menu may seem a bit overpriced; especially because the portions don't look large at first. But it is always filling and flavorful and ultimately, worth it.We get Indian delivery on a regular basis and this is our go to place. (although not really many other choices in the city). Anyway, it's really good, solid, Indian Food. We use to get delivery from Tiffin but now patronize Ekta since it is around the corner. Ekta used to be cheaper than Tiffin but now I think they're about the same. The usual dishes we get are saag paneer and moli kofta. Recently had chicken tandoor and a lamb dish too which were both great. Also had a cauliflower dish which was stewed with tomato, onion and chilies that was out of this world. Everything is pretty spicy here (even the mild dishes) so be aware, but it's nothing an ice cold beer or a couple glasses of riesling cant take care of. They also have really great vegetable samosas and their naan is also excellent. They are usually willing to deliver across the city (my sister gets them in Queen Village) so don't be afraid to call and ask.As my friend John Mallinen put it, "I'm just way into the idea that I can eat bomb-ass Indian food without even leaving my house."  And here it is:  Ekta is the new king of 19125 delivery Indian food.  This new joint opened recently on Girard Ave and only a few blocks from Tiffin. And I've heard that a few people from Tiffin left and started Ekta, but I'm not sure, and it doesn't really matter.
Ekta has a good variety of veg options.  Overall, it has standard, but great Indian options. Lentils, Paneer, lamb, and chicken are served with fresh vegetables in various curries.  Best of al, each dish is made to order.  The main downside of Ekta is that it has no atmosphere.  Two small tables are crammed into the front of the kitchen, leaving almost no room to eat at the restaurant.
Here's the bottom line:  Ekta offers fresh, healthy, delicious Indian food, and it's cheaper than Tiffin.  The main dishes are just as good, if not better.  There is no reason, however, to eat at the restaurant.  If you're trying to go out for Indian food, Tiffin should be your option.  Still, be lazy, order Ekta delivery, and enjoy the goodness from your own couch.Delicious food, but a tad over priced.  We ordered three dishes (Dal, Paneer-dish, and a lamb dish), which also came with two small cups of rice.  In total, our bill was just under $50.00.
One of the best Indian restaurants in the city (best in Fishtown), but the price will prohibit us from returning for quite sometime.  Excellent vegetarian and meat options.  Our food was flavorful, with just the right amount of spice.  Friendly staff, with average preparation time.
Try Kabobeesh on 40th and Walnut for dishes that compare in taste, but are 1/3rd of the price and of much larger portions.Tiffin, which is not too far away from Ekta, used to be my go to spot for good Indian delivery. However, Ekta takes the cake for delicious Indian food in my Fishtown hood. The lamb tikka masala is delicious, as well as, the paneer sagwala. Additionally, the samosas are hot with a crispy crust. I like to top of my fabulous Ekta cuisine with a mango lassi & their cheese naan. If you visit Ekta, it's definitely not fancy, and a very casual dining experience. Which makes it all the better, as the price is very fair.The mango chicken is to die for.  One of my favorite dishes of all time.  Just try it :)Ekta had been on my list of places to check out for at least a year, and on a sunny but cold afternoon, I finally made the trip to Fishtown to check it out. Perhaps it was an off-day at Ekta, but the experience left me a little underwhelmed (and sad that Ekta wouldn't be my go-to for Indian food in Philadelphia).
Food 3.5/5: We were seated quickly with waters and papadam and chutney. We ordered the Goan Shrimp Curry and the Mirch Tikka. The shrimp curry had large prawns that weren't overcooked (but did have the texture of being slightly undercooked), rich coconut, onion and tomato sauce and a side of basmati rice. The mirch tikka was a bit drier than anticipated with a thin marinade of sour cream and chili peppers. It was listed as "Too Spicy" but lacked the promised kick despite some light heat. The basmati rice served was light and fluffy, but room temperature. Good portion sizes all around.
Atmosphere 3.5/5: There were a few other customers in for an early dinner, but otherwise the place was next to empty. Clean, well-kept but slightly cold (temperature) and not particularly decorated or done up in any way. The lack of decor did leave the impression that their focus was only on the food, not on the ambiance.
Service: 3.5/5: We had minimal interaction with our server aside from ordering. The meal largely felt like a business transaction rather than a dining experience. We asked if there was tea or hot water (since it was cold out) and after a round, were told that the kitchen was out. As soon as we were finished, the general vibe was to urge us to pay and leave. 
Overall, decent food and good portion sizes. Large selection of menu items. But food, service and atmosphere lacked the finesse to go from good to great.I was never big on Indian food until I tried Ekta a few months ago. I thought it to be too spicy than to attempt to eat on a dare. Now, I am a full-fledged addict. I love this restaurant. We always get the same server, who is just wonderful. The atmosphere is very low-key, unpretentious, warm and inviting. You can relax with your favorite BYO of choice over a delicious meal at a reasonable price. I know giving any place a full 5-stars seems a bit much, but I can not think of a real, reasonable reason ( is it really necessary or even fair to comment on something as asinine as say, the paint color of the walls in a restaurant? No, not in my book) not to. I always leave fully content ( and usually with a doggy-bag of left overs!) 
Personal recommendations: Shabanam Curry and Kachha Aam Ki Sazi ( gets easier to say with practice, I assure you).(Hastags) best Indian, lamb korma, chicken tikka, paneer whatever!!
Our favorite Indian restaurant in the city by far. We order this food for delivery every couple of months or so.  We haven't found something that we don't like. We do find that some of the appetizers like the tandoori meats are a little small but they still taste great.Best Indian food in Philly- amazing. The portions are also a decent size so I had enough left over for for lunch the next day. They have a huge delivery area and delivery was faster than we were told it would be. 
I had a Shabanam Curry and it was full of veggies in a delicious sauce. This contrasts with many Indian places in Philly where it's a lot of sauce (that's mostly cream instead of flavor) and the odd potato and overcooked broccoli. 
I ate with three other people and everyone was really happy with their dinner- vegetarians and carnivores alike.I've tried a few Indian restaurants since I moved to Philly, but Ekta stands out as my favorite for several reasons.  
The food:  My favorite dish is Biryani, so I use the house special as a sort of gauge for my first impressions of an Indian restaurant.  On my first visit, I ordered the Ekta Biryani, which had amazing flavor and generous portions of chicken, shrimp, and lamb.  
The service:  After this first visit, I accidentally left my favorite winter hat at the restaurant, so I called and they told me they would look for it.  I prepared myself for never seeing the hat again, but late that night, someone from Ekta called to tell me they had found it and would hold it for me.  
The food again:  I went the next day around lunch to pick up my hat and figured I would also order more food, since they had been kind enough to call me back about the hat.  I ordered the chicken tikka masala, which was just as fantastic as the Biryani.  
The service again:  Since then, I have ordered several more times from Ekta.  They must have my name in their phone system because they call me by name when I phone in an order and treat me with familiarity and friendliness each time, both over the phone and when I pick up the food.  It's really simple, but I truly appreciate feeling like a regular customer who matters to a restaurant.  In my experience, Ekta treats their customers well.
Will definitely be taking more of my business to Ekta, and I will also be spreading the word to everyone who lives in the area.Ekta: I've read/heard the reviews about Tiffin being better, but I think Ekta is more persuasive on my taste buds. Tiffin feels good, but it has a tinge more of having been adapted. Ekta, though I'm not the from the good ol' sub-cont., seems more 'authentic.' As to the bitter complaints on the nan, I've never had an issue. One drawback this place shares with Tiffin, the tip area on take away receipts. I hate that. Tip for what again?I am SO happy to have Ekta in the neighborhood.  I'm a Tiffin fan and have been ordering from there since they opened, but now with Ekta so much closer and cheaper I've been ordering from there lately.  I love the butter chicken which is not chicken soaking in butter as the name suggests, but rather chicken in a delicious spice loaded red sauce (well, I'm sure there's butter in there too...).  The food I've tried is at the top of my spice threshold which I'd say leans toward wimpy (me, not the food).  The samosa chat, and the onion bahji are really good appetizers with plenty for sharing.  I keep garlic naan from Trader Joe's in the freezer since I've found naan really doesn't travel well (we get take out).  Two entrees plus an appetizer for two adults gets us two full meals in our house.  Yay leftovers!Simply put I love this place. I must have eaten here a few dozen times, if I count take out/delivery. I have never been disappointed or underwhelmed. Every time I wish my guy was bigger so I could keep eating the delicious food. 
The dine-in atmosphere is great its not as loud as many of the nearby options which is nice. Waiters are always attentive. Cheap enough to bring friends and upscale enough for dinner with parents (the kind where they pay for your meal)
If you are new to Indian food then this is a great place to start. If you are an old pro they can satisfy you here also. 
I don't think I have ever order the same thing twice and loved everything I have eaten.I live close by. So its a short walk for me. 
The food is average. Prices are above average. They haven't quite made the leap from take-out to actual restaurant. 
God forbid you should be in there after 10pm!
Best part is BYO. 
Its worth checking out.Spicey hot goodness! This place rocks on so many levels. However, the first level is that fact that they do not overly use oils which is my pet peeve with restaurants. I took the advice of fellow yelpers and headed to this place and was not disappointed. 
Unlike most, I chose to eat in the dining area. It was a bit quiet (read:empty)  but the server was friendly and attentive. My dining partner and I ordered the garlic kabob, garlic nan, the kadai chicken and the bhindi masala. 
The garlic kabob was a chicken kabob that was tender, lemony and perfectly seasoned with fresh herbs. The nan came out, warm and soft and just right with a texture that was crisp in some places and chewy in others. 
Both the "sinus clearing" kadai chicken and bhindi masala exceeded expectations. The only comment I have on a fellow yelper's review is that if you want leftovers and you consider yourself to be a "big eater" you may want to order an additional portion because after singing the praises of this place throughout the entire meal we had nothing left to take home! 
I would have liked a bigger selection of drinks and maybe a sparking water choice but overall, I highly recommend this place.
Dance of joy: Perfectly seasoned dishes with distinct flavor and character. Superb hotness in the spicey dishes. 
Weeps and Wails: I forgot my tissues and I sneezed and cried while eating the kadai chicken...(it was awesome). Dining area can be a little empty...Now most don't know, but Cincinnati (my former city before moving to Philly) was a hot bed of amazing northern Indian food. I know, it's hard to believe that anything in Ohio is spicy or brag-worthy, but it really was "the shiz". So after searching for something comparable in Philly and coming up empty handed, I had pretty much given up -- that is until I met EKTA. Now the mere fact that they will deliver all the way to my office in Rittenhouse, without charge and in a timely manner is unbelievable! Add that to the free dessert and the delicious food and you've got a winner. We've ordered a few times from there now and done it up family style and I've never been disappointed with anything. I usually stick to the veggie dishes like masaladar chola and saag paneer, but the lamb vindaloo and butter chicken totally knocked my socks off.Will always order from Ekta... Probably the best Tikka Massala Sauce in city.  Prices are a little high but food is amazing!  Also love the Vindaloo Chicken (very hot n spicy). Very friendly staff!Got delivery today...  The food is clearly high quality..  We ordered Chicken tika masala, lamb tika masala, and garlic naan.  All were delicious.super yum. I got the chicken tikka masala and could NOT have been happier. others said when getting food delivered that they skimped on the chicken. but they were generous with my order. will DEF order again.Nice Indian spot, even moreso cuz It's just down the lane from me. The chef gets the spice combos right and everything comes out fresh and tasty. 
Menu has the standards, though Ekta makes 'em a bit better than most places around town. Authentic? I guess so. The best Indian I've had was in Hong Kong, followed closely by Southall, near London. I guess those spots were the most "authentic" (never been to India) and Ekta does a good enough job in comparison.I have never once had an issue with Ekta. I've since moved out of the city, but my business is right down the street from them. At least once a week, my boyfriend brings home Ekta because we love it that much. Really great food.Incredibly solid Indian food...good portions, reasonable prices. Doesn't offer much in the way of ambiance, but I don't mind. Wouldn't be my idea of the perfect date spot, but you won't be disappointed with the food. Two entrees could feed four people. They also have a closed off dining room for patrons who wish to eat in--and it has ac!! I will return.The food here is so delicious I crave it year round when I'm not in Philly. Love the Chicken Tikka Masala here! It's not too tomatoey (I like CTM to be more creamy). The staff is super friendly. We've had great conversations about yoga and meditation and they seem to always remember their returning customers. Would highly recommend!I'm sorry Ekta. I guess we just got off on the wrong foot. I love your new menu additions and the spice levels seem fine now, so maybe it was just a bad first date.  Ekta is now my go to Indian place and I love, love, love every morsel I've had as of late, which is a lot, like several times a month a lot. If we were on the Bachelorette I'd give you a rose.ordered take out last night.  great as always.  one of my fav indian spots.  good eats for sure!Really really good indian food in Philly. Very authentic and the spiciness was perfect. 
Saag Paneer - absolutely delicious. Very creamy and my husband who barely likes spinach loved this dish.
Chicken Vindaloo - Very spicy and delicious. You feel the heat in the aftertaste. The sauce is soooo good.
Lamb Rogan Josh - Lamb was very tender and melted in your mouth.
The location is ok although girard ave tends be a tad sketchy. It was hard to find good indian food in Philly and this place turned out to be our favorite.Food was amazing I try malai kofta it's good and dessert I try gulab jamun it's to hardI thought Philly only had hoagie shops and gastropubs, but Ekta turned my ignorant notions into... uh... non...ignorance.  Anyway I guess Philly has good Indian food as well.  Ekta was my first taste of Indian food in the great city of Philly and it did not disappoint. I went there with my bud DJ on a man-date, and we got lamb chettinad, samosa chaat, and garlic naan. We got the samosa chaat based on the recommendation of Manzur, the server/manager, and it was good but we had no idea it was a cold dish... kind of like a cold, mashed samosa gazpacho.  It's good, I promise, but if you're craving a samosa then that's probably not going to satisfy.  But no worries, Manzur sensed our slight disappointment and gave DJ and I an order of regular samosas ON THE HOUSE, which of course is my favorite. Free. 
A little tip: dine in and get a punch card.  If you dine in 5 times, you get 1 free entree the next time you eat in.  ALSO, if you bring your own gin, they can make authentic Indian cocktails and you can mix the gin in yourself. PARTY WITH MANZUR!Bare bones decor for dining in, but the food is excellent. We are visiting from Houston, and it beats the various Indian restaurants there. We ordered atypical to explore, no tikka, and that can always lead to mediocre food in past experiences, but these dishes were great. We ordered the Baigan Bharta (Smoked eggplant cooked with fresh onion, tomato,green peas and chopped ginger) and the Goan Fish Curry (Tilapia fish cooked with fresh coconut, onion & tomato sauce in light cream) and the Pudina Naan (White flour bread flavored with Mint).
If you come with a group, they will have to figure out seating. There's only one larger table setup.How have I not reviewed Ekta yet!? This place is as good as it gets when it comes to Indian flavors and spicy punches. 
My first piece of advice- please be careful eating the Vindaloo. It will knock your socks off. 
Second, leftovers are okay. Don't pack it all in and make yourself regret choosing Indian food- all of their food reheats wonderfully. 
Third, you can pick it up or eat in- the restaurant beside the pick-up area now has a window so you can see outside...actually, you can see all of the folks waiting on their food...but still, better than a wall! 
We've eaten so many great items on the menu- chicken tikka masala of course, lamb saagwala, chicken vindaloo, lamb chettinad...they're all so delicious. Add some naan to the mix (we stick with the plain) and you don't need much else. We only get one entree each and we still have leftovers to heat up the next day, which is always a nice treat!
Special Note: It's dress-up or dress-down in the little side restaurant- a free for all, really!Great food and service!! We are steady customers - eat in, take out and delivery with 5 stars every time. Reasonably priced.Ordered delivery and you'll get hot food in cheap plastic containers.Never had Indian food so was very skeptical. It was very good. I stuck with the simple things on the menu as the waiter. Who by the way was very helpful in his suggestions. I ended up getting the curry chicken & the cashew rolls. Delicious! My boyfriend got chicken tikka masala. This is one of the hidden Byob places in the city. We didn't bring a bottle. They have a take out place connected right next store. I grabbed a menu & I am definitely going to order take out from there. It will be a welcoming change from always ordering the same chinese , pizza, & sandwich takeout I usually orderWe met with our old friend  for dinner  and he suggested eating at EKTA. It is his favorite Indian restaurant, Food and service were both good. We had the veg. samosa,garlic naan, balgan bharta (smoked eggplant) and .chicken tikka masala. All were good. There is street parking which was hard to find. Menu is all a la carte. They have vegetarian as well as non vegetarian meals.We ordered delivery one snowy Thursday evening on a lazy, lazy whim.  Best decision ever!  Even in the pouring snow, the delivery driver was at my door within 15 minutes and the food was piping hot.  
Veggie samosas are killer and the naan is extra fluffy.I'm not an expert on Indian, but I've had a lot of Indian food around the city and this is the best so far. The Lamb Chettinad is heaven, but be warned - when they the Vindaloo is hot... they mean it. It's a kind of hot I can't even describe. But anyway, the deliver, have take out, and a nice little dinning area and will blow your mind.I ordered the Paneer tikka masala and I couldn't have been happier. It was both spicy and and a little sweet - perfectly seasoned. The naan was perfect. I highly recommend it.Ekta you have broken my heart.  
You must have gotten a Tiffin menu because you have raised your prices close to 20%.  I know that times are tough and when facing the idea of expansion, capital is important but changing a $8 dinner to a $10 dinner doesn't seem right.  Our two person dinners went from very reasonable $18 to a silly $28.
Ekta, I know that the long-tail theory has been kind of getting discredited lately but by the fact that every time I go in there there are 5 people waiting for the same crack-filled indian food, it seems like you guys are not hurting.  
I will never trust a restaurant again.Love this place! My favorite Indian restaurant ever. They have one in Bryn mawr as well. Delicious and highly recommended!I ordered from this place when it had first opened and they were still sorting out how far out they would deliver.  They didn't even have menus yet!  I called them and asked if they would deliver to Temple U, and the guy said no, and I was so sad... then he called back 15 minutes later and said he would!  You should have seen my face... I was so happy.  The owner even brought the food over himself so that he could see where it was, and we had a great little chat.  The food comes fast and hot, and so full of flavor it's ridiculous.  The naan is so delicious, but eat it fast while it's hot, because it gets tougher as it cools.  I've had three types, garlic, plain, and onion, and just be forewarned, that it's not like garlic bread.  The garlic naan has fresh garlic in/on it, no salt, so sprinkle some on if you like it salty.  I've mostly chicken dishes, my boyfriend always gets the lamb korma.  We've learned to get our own naan because it goes fast, and it's too good to share, no matter how much you love someone.  I've had the chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, and the kadai lamb, and they were all delicious.  And the rice!!!  That rice, I swear, is like no other rice I have ever had in life.  It is so delicious, and comes free with whatever you order.  They also send along a small container of whatever the chef's special of the day is, which to my knowledge, is never on the menu, but is always some kind of dessert, and is yummy.   This one time, I ordered a vegetarian dish, and it was disgusting.  DISGUSTING.  I couldn't finish it.  I'm 99% sure it was the baigan bharta, so unless you like the stuff, be forewarned and stick to the meat.  Also, the stuff just doesn't taste the same after a night n the fridge, so try to finish it all... the meat gets tougher, the rice gets hard and dehydrated, and the magic is lost... trust me.I will warn everyone that the atmosphere here is very thrown together and inexpensive looking. Which can be awkward. If you take a date here you will not be dazzling them with fancy decor. But the food is so good her that I will go again and again. Maybe the reason it's so good is because they focus all their energy on how everything tastes and not on how everything looks. Check this place out. Also they deliver. But I live too far away so I have to dine in.My favorite take out in the city. They are always friendly, punctual and reliably delicious. I've been ordering from here about once a week for over a year and can't think of one bad experience. They are a little pricey but the quality is worth it.Not only the best Indian food I've ever had (in the US) but my favorite restaurant hands down. Usually go for the Chicken Tikka Masala or Saag Aur Paneer. It's a byob and despite a recent price hike the portions are generous. Love.Ekta definitely lived up to the rave reviews it got! Food was good, cashier was friendly (I only did take out) My husband described his food as "orgasmic." Mine was also really great, but I will order it mild next time because medium was a bit too spicy  for me (then again I don't go crazy for spice) I will be taking my out of town friends here to eat in the dinning room when they come stay because Ekta is not the best indian food i've ever had, but it it the best indian food i've had in philly.Foods the best i had thats indian. prices are steep thoughEtka is my go to spot for take out food. The butter chicken is amazing, and they always deliver the food quick and hot.Not being a great authority on Indian food I will just say that I agree with the 4 star reviews on Yelp.
Service was prompt. Lamb dishes were tender, sauces were tasty and the garlic naan was moist with lots of garlic. Actually, they can never put too much garlic in anything for me, but this did contain an ample amount. Next time I would have the Vindaloo because the waiter said it was super spicy, but the dish I had that was one step down from the Vindaloo was just average on a spicy scale to me.
BYO, takes all credit cards, and public parking right across the street.As a disclaimer this review is purely based on the delivery aspect of the operation, I live pretty far from Ekta but I still get my fix because they deliver to center city all the way from No-lib. 
First off, delivery is always the last option for me mainly because in my mind the food isn't as fresh as it is when you eat it at the restaurant. Ekta has completely changed my pre-conceived notions about delivery. My horizon has been broadened so to say. 
The food is simply superb! This past weekend for a party of eight we ordered a variety of dishes; Chicken Tikka, Paneer Saag, Chicken Saag, Chicken Kadai, Malai Kofta, Chicken Biryani and vegetable samosas, and garlic naan. Very reasonable considering the amount of food we got (17.00 + tip per person) and since we were at my place I also got 3-4 meals extra! 
All the dishes exceeded expectations and had the right amount spice, I can't pick a favorite because they all legitamately were delicious! 
So, if you live in Center City and crave indian like I do but don't want to move off your couch because there are football games on call up Ekta and have them deliver you some bomb A$$ food.Great food! I had a whole bunch of stuff to eat including Chicken Tikkah, which was super good. You have to wait a little bit of time to receive the food, but it's worth it. 
There is definitely a language barrier.My boyfriend and I usually go to Lovash for Indian food, but decided we would try something different considering there are several other places in the city.  
We ordered the vegetable samosa, basil naan, onion naan, kadai chicken, and the lamb rogan josh.  
Veg. samosa- no complaints here.  They tasted like any other vegetable samosa I've had before and the sauces that accompanied were good.
The naans were a little squishier than I'm used to.  Usually they are a little bit crisper, or maybe just more charred?  The dough was all loosey-goosey and just not as appealing as I'm used to.  If I had to pick one, I preferred the onion naan over the basil.
Lamb rogan josh had a lot of fatty bits in it.  I did a lot of napkin stowing with this meal.  It was only slightly spicy, which is good for me.  However, on the menu it does not indicate any spiciness, so for someone that does not do well with heat, be forewarned.  I typically go for chicken dishes and thought since we were already trying a new place, why not try a new meat?  I think I'll stick with the chicken from now on.
My boyfriend's kadai chicken was too spicy for me to eat.  I got down two bites and then had to stop because I was pretty sure my sinuses were beginning to flow Hoover Dam-style.  It is listed as a "two chili pepper" on the menu and some items are "three chili peppers".  I don't even want to think about how spicy those threes are.
I'm glad we checked out another place, but I definitely prefer Lovash still.  On to the next!I had been looking forward to trying out ekta for a year or so.  Usually I go to Tiffin - and after dining at Ekta finally I will always go to Tiffin.  The lamb biryani was overcooked and uninspiring.  The okra (bhindi) curry seemed like the okra had been defrosted or something - the veggies were small and frayed.  No music in the background.  Good service...but the ambiance and food are disappointing when you have Tiffin down the street.I had to try this place since there are so many great reviews. I got the chicken tikka  masala, onion baji, and naan. The onion and naan where very good. The chicken tikka masala was really not that good. The spices they used were not cooked fully and it had a raw spice flavor. Also the ground spices left the sauce gritty like sand was in it. I like my tikka sauce to be rich, smooth, and creamy. I will not be returning.Had great expectations from this place after reading the reviews but was disappointed. I definitely have eaten better Indian food in Philly. Their non-vegetarian dishes were still better than their vegetarian counterparts.We tried Ubereats for the first time tonight. The delivery was great only 35 minutes.
We had the Aaloo Aur Papri Chat very good, Basil Naan not good naan with too much dried 
Basil thrown on top. The Lamb Tikka Masala and Lamb Biryani were very good.Winter delivery by bicycle strikes again. Ugh Food cold. Food quality was okay but cold. Ordered mild but had still had too much heat. Rice was cold and hard.  Overall not near as good as Girard Ave.
Would not order from here.Best Indian food I have ever had delivered. The Lamb Tikka Masala is super tasty and the flavors are perfect. My only regret is that I didn't order more!  Delivery takes a bit of time, so order long before the hangry. The delivery time didn't bother me at all after I took my first bite!!!!  Crazy yummy.Ekta is consistently an Indian buffet favorite for my classmates and I. Not only is it a good location right on 40th and Sansom, but I've 1) never gotten food poisoning from here and 2) never spent more than $11 after tax/tip for lunch. 10% student discount comes in clutch - make sure to show them your ID before they ring you up. Total is $9.71 before tip (WHAT A DEAL). I wish they had palak paneer (those spinach cheese cubes) but their red cream sauce paneer is a decent substitute.. but that's literally the only reason I choose New Delhi instead of Ekta sometimes - for the palak paneer. I think overall the quality of Ekta's food is better and fresher. They no longer bring out the fresh naan and the quality of that severely decline (the naan always look like sad and limp sitting on the warmer), but the pakora is always very deeply fried (hehe) and I branched out and tried the baturay which is always great at wiping that butter chicken sauce and paneer clean off your plate ;)Ekta had decent Indian food def worth a try. The food seemed healthy when compared to the other Indian places in town. The Indian food here tastes like home cooked food as it is less greasy. I went here for buffet and loved their salad section; their Chana salad and the veg soup was good. Also, they serve fresh naan bread on the table for buffet which is definitely a plus. Def worth a try!By far the best Indian cuisine in Philly. I had their lunch buffet this afternoon and the food was so flavorful. The chicken tandoori was so juicy and well cooked that I ended up gobbling way too much. Same goes for the goat curry. I definitely recommend this place and at 10 dollars this buffet is definitely worth every penny.This is my favorite Indian place in Philly. I'm so happy they opened a restaurant in West Philly. Amazing food, friendly service.As delightful as the No Libs location. Best traditional Indian in town. 
Wonderful naan and perfect biryani. Polite and prompt service.Ok, the food was not anywhere near being on time. We're talking a two hour delivery time. The guy finally shows up, and we're all set to just eat our fill and never order from here again. Then we dug in...and it was incredible. The most amazing indian food I have ever ordered, maybe even had period. I don't think I will ever order from another indian place again. It's that good.We had the buffet at this restaurant. The food was very well prepared and was very delicious and we did not feel like we were eating at a buffet. Food items in the menu that really stood out:
1. Chicken Tandoori - Authentic india style, meat was really soft and was easily coming off the bones. Loved it so much that I took 2 helpings.
2. Saag Paneer (Palak Paneer) - Melt in mouth paneer and perfect mix of spices.
3. Daal - this was the best homestyle daal that I have had in recent years in the US. 
Will return for sure if I am in the area again.At 9$ for the buffet... the price and quality of food is hard to beat! There's an equal selection of vegetarian and non-vegetarian food, and they usually have two desserts to pair. They also have quality chai and another selection of tea on the side. For appetizers, they have the typical selection of veggies, salad, raita, and samosa. For the main course usually there's usually chole, spinach potato, chicken tikka, lamb, and daal ( there's about six dishes im forgetting!). Definitely a great place if you're starving and want inexpensive indian food!I love this place so much. I go at least once a week and never get tired of the amazing array of flavors. The buffet is always fresh and forever changing!The food here was good. I totally recommend people to go to the lunch buffet since it was $10!! The was okay, but could've been better if the restaurant have more servers. Other than that it was a good experience.Ekta is slowly spreading across the Delaware Valley ... and while at first hearing that might sound ominous, it's a good thing!  You see Ekta is a very good local Indian restaurant chain.  Their latest one is in University City and with its location, pricing, service, and food quality, it should do well there.  Their buffets are a cut above other Indian restaurant buffets and at $9.99 a great deal at lunch.  You have both vegetarian and non-vegetarian choices so no one in your party will go hungry.  The chicken makhani was excellent from the buffet as were the veggie pakoras.  New to me is that India makes a great fried cabbage dish (patta gobhi).  If it's on the buffet check it out.  And for dessert I had a great sweet carrot pudding called Gajar Ka Halwa.  Being that it was a buffet, I also of course tried the kheer for dessert.  It was a little runnier than I like but the flavor was there.  Warm and fluffy naan accompanied the meal. Service was not only very friendly but efficient (water glasses always filled, dirty dishes cleared) and worthy of a nice tip even though we utilized the buffet.  Ekta has def found a home in University City!This is the best Indian buffet in University city! They serve fresh warm naan bread with your buffet food (compared to the dry naan served at other buffets around here). The chicken was tender and the vegetables were really tasty and not oily!!!
Highly recommend this place over other Indian buffets around Penn's campus.The delivery was fast, even during the dinner rush. All of the food was excellent and well prepared. I ordered 3 main dishes and two sides and they were all excellent. Portions are a bit on the small side, but the quality makes up for it. I'll definitely be ordering from here again.The lunch buffet was delicious and the staff was warm and inviting. I would give 4 stars but the naan was cold.I tried both the restaurant which located on girard avenue and other new location 40th n chestnut steer.delivary was alway fast.                                                   We orders malai kofta , Chicken tandoori ,onion naan and roti, malai kofta was really good perfectly fried and stuffing was nice , chicken was juicy .Ate buffet here with friends on a weeknight and the food was fantastic! Really delicious standards like butter chicken and daal, but also great pumpkin curry and goat curry. Good service, nice place to sit and catch up with friends.I first had Ekta in Bryn Mawr and it was absolutely delicious, so when I found out it was opening in Philadelphia I nearly died from happiness. I'm a huge fan of Indian buffets, so I've made my way through a bunch of them in Center City and this is by far the best. 
If you're looking for super spicy food, this probably isn't the place for you. However, if you're like me and enjoy very flavorful Indian with a moderate amount of spice (i.e. your mouth isn't dying after you eat), this is definitely the place for you. The buffet has a bunch of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes and they're all incredible. There's also rice, tea, a salad bar, fruit, and rice pudding or another dessert. My favorite dishes are the chickpeas and the chicken tikka masala, but you really can't go wrong with any and I recommend trying everything. My friend loves the kabob chicken. The food is all so creamy and the meats are all very tender and flavorful. 
Warning: Ekta is dangerous for your waistline if you're a student in University City as you can get a 10% off discount with student ID. I'm pretty sure I'd eat here every week if I lived closer to it. 
Tips:
-Ask for naan at the buffet (it's free and so warm, fresh, and yummy).
-Ask for a student discount (with ID)
-Come hungry :)This is the best Indian buffet in University city! They serve fresh warm naan bread with your buffet food (compared to the dry naan served at other buffets around here). The chicken was tender and the vegetables were really tasty and not oily!!!
Highly recommend this place over other Indian buffets around Penn's campus.Best Indian food ever...when you find a place that has chicken that you can cut with a fork and perfectly seasoned sauces you can't go anywhere else.This place is West Philadelphia's best kept secret.  It is one of the two best Indian restaurants I have ever eaten at, the other one is in New York.  It has great ambiance and great food and very accomodating waiters.Delicious food! Whenever we order Indian, this is our place. They have good customer service for deliveries. I have ordered through Caviar and UberEATS. My order was messed up once and they corrected immediately without going through the 3rd party. They delivered it themselves. Really good food and service makes me a happy customer.A group of us visited University City's Ekta last night for their dinner buffet and were pleasantly surprised. The food was all delicious, fresh, and flavorful. The buffet was kept fully stocked and had many authentic options. Our favorites were the tandoori chicken, the naan, the chicken biriyani, and the kheer. Our group (comprised of three South Asians) concluded that Ekta's dinner buffet was better in terms of quality and cost than the other Indian buffets in the area. Ask for the student discount!In my opinion, it is one of the best Indian food places in the area. The butter chicken and palak paneer is amazing. LOVE the buffet, always pleasantly surprised when I try a new dish. They also offer take out buffet containers when I'm in the mood for take out but do not want to spend tons of money on different indian dishes. The workers are very polite and friendly. The place can get a little crazy when college students decide to BYO there but usually pretty quiet and relaxed.The best Indian food in Philly.  Everything has so much flavor and the portions are good too.  Haven't tried the buffet but the menu food is amazing.What?!
The east side location is amazing and probably 5 stars. If this is anything like that I'll update this new location accordingly. 
I'm coming!I find the buffet items here to be better than Sitar, but I ordered some a la carte dishes from here and they aren't as good IMO compared to Sitar's a la carte items that are a bit cheaper with a bit larger portions. 
They also forgot/or didn't give the side sauces like the mango chutney etc. I'm not sure if you have to pay or ask for it, but didn't like the feeling they were skimping out.
The buffet is tho. And the price is excellent! Also bonus for student discount!I came here with a couple of friends on a Sunday to try some Indian food around Philly. We were in the University City area, so we figured we'd give it a try. It's definitely a small little restaurant, with limited seating. We opted to try the lunch buffet. They had a pretty good selection of food, including some staples like chicken tikki masala, tandoori chicken, and samosas. I did feel a little limited by some of the selection here. Their chicken tikki masala and tandoori chicken were really delicious, but I wasn't blown away by their curries in general. I also wish they had some more desserts, like mango pudding. Overall, for the price it was a good lunch option if you're in the mood for Indian food in the University City area.Ekta recently opened up here in university city so, as a fan of all things buffet, I had to come try it. While the selection was a bit smaller than some other local options, for the most part they didnt skimp in quality or taste. 
The chicken tikka masala was amazing, super creamy and with a good depth of flavor from the spices-I could've just eaten that and I would've been happy. The goat curry was also delicious, with some of the most tender goat I've ever had. Even the spinach and chickpea mash (I forgot the name) kept me coming back, and for those that know how much of a carnivore I am, that's pretty impressive. The naan was brought straight to the table, fresh and hot. The only thing I was disappointed with was the samosa, which wasn't that warm and had a sort of plain tasting filling.
Service was prompt and polite, and the price was around the same as other restaurants in the area. Food was delicious and I can't wait to come back, as I'm pretty confident that they'll be getting even better as they settle into their new location.Tried the buffet this past weekend. Nothing beats the price - at $9.99 for a weekend lunch, this was a clear winner amongst other restaurants in the area. There was quite a large spread of food - non veg entrees included butter chicken, tandoori chicken, and goat curry. 
I've definitely had more authentic Indian food elsewhere - this food wasn't spicy at all, but I guess this makes sense, since this is near a university area, attracting many students. However, it definitely satisfied my craving, and I'm sure I'll be back here if I'm ever in the area and craving Indian food!The buffet is good.  Chicken masala is yummy, vegetable pakora is addictive, and the kheer is tasty. I often go back to get my Indian food fix.Did an order for delivery. Food was good but portions were a bit small. Also, I think they forgot to give me one serving of rice. Finally, I paid $3.50 for an order of naan and only received ONE piece of naan. Usually in restaurants, I think that'd get you a basket of naan. 
I will not be ordering delivery from here again. Maybe would check out the restaurant in person because the food wasn't bad.Came to this place while visiting philly. This is the WORST buffet I have ever had. The goat curry had no goat meat, gajar halwa was carrots boiled in milk with sugar and rice pudding is so watered down that you had to look for rice in it. Terrible terrible terrible!!!Really tasty lunch buffet. Price is as fair as most Indian lunch buffets. I don't know what's in the food here but we were SUPER stuffed after 2 plates, so if you're looking to get full, you definitely will. Still a bang for your buck even if you don't eat a ton, but you most likely won't be able to shovel in more than 2 plates just because the food is so rich. The naan was also nice and toasty. Have the rice pudding too! So yummy.We work with Ekta on a monthly basis and decided to order from them for our holiday party. The food was excellent, the service was impeccable, and it was all around a wonderful experience. We highly recommend them for casual dining or larger office parties and will definitely be working with them again in the future.Just felt that Tandoor India changed its name, didn't appreciate any difference in terms of food quality, variety, service, or decor.This was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had. A mouse ran through the dining room and over the feet of customers and the waitresses were just laughing. It took us so much time to be re-seated. Then when we asked for a discount or compensation they wouldn't offer more than 10% which is already the student discount! So here we are writing a bad review because even though we told them how their unprofessional attitude towards this whole encounter they laughed it off and refused to do anything about it.Food here is so bomb! I just recently started coming here for the lunch buffet (all you can eat) food is very well prepared and service is great. Will continue to stop inMy partner and I love Ekta in Fishtown. I was in West Philly today to buy a Christmas present and decided to go in for the lunch buffet. It was pretty terrible and I'm pretty surprised at all the positive reviewed. There were very few dishes, and they were all mostly sauce with very little meat/vegetable in each dish. I found once piece of paneer in the saag paneer. Everything was pretty flavorless. Signs everywhere said only use bowls for dessert but no cups were provided for condiments. Service was poor. No one asked if I wanted anything else to drink besides water and no one checked to make sure I was finding everything okay. Additionally the tablecloth when I sat down was dirty. The  only good things were the butter chicken and kheer. I won't be back anytime soon.Food is good. I believe in the experience however- and the ambiance is horrible, the service is abysmal. Gratuity added despite it being a buffet and the minimal service you receive being bad.This is a review for the al-la-carte not buffet which costs substantially more and thus there is expectation that food will at least be cooked fresh.
But no. Order lamb biryani, makhani and naan and was disappointed on all accounts.
Biryani was not even a proper biryani. Looked like they had mixed lamb curry and basmati rice together and heated it up.
Rice was stale and tasted like chalk. I would probably guess no portion of this was made fresh. There were tomato pieces in the biryani ! 
Naan is small for the price. The shape of a usual tandoori roti.
Dal makhani was very very okay. Not much taste not freshness. Chunks of onions and tomatoes floating around.
Will never ever order from this place again !
Gives Indian food a bad name.We had the buffet and it was quite nice and reasonable too. Less options for the vegetarian but good for non-vegetarians. 
Tandoori chicken is highly recommended and chicken tikka masala is also good.
Definitely try out for good indian buffet food.*I only come early and for lunch, so these are my experiences.* Most of the reviews knock Ekta because of the delivery or ordering specific dishes and being disappointed. I'd like to preach about the BUFFET! Picky eater? Vegetarian? Want to try a bunch of things? That's where the buffet does it's best! If you want to make sure it looks good, ask the person at the front to glance at the buffet and make sure there are some things that look good, they always say yes. If it isn't to your liking, there are 3 other Indian places in the neighborhood. I have to say though, that every time I glance inside, I choose Ekta. Ever since they changed the name, I've been in love with the turnover of the buffet and the options. I've seen mango lassi, rice pudding, and there is always palak, chana masala (or some variation), goat curry, tandoori chicken, and tikka masala or butter chicken, plus several types of vegetarian sides, plus naan! The naan isn't fresh anymore like it used to be, but there is usually papadum or biryani to be my base carbohydrate
Maybe because I always come for lunch, but I'm happy with the buffet, the student discount, and the number of plates I can fit in my belly before I roll myself home.Ekta is undeniably the best place for Indian food in Philadelphia. I have probably been 10 times since moving here two years ago and have been consistently satisfied with the quality of the food and service. I first became aware of Ekta when I attended a meeting at my office that they catered. I didn't expect much. Catering can be a tricky task for restaurants to master, merely because events require very different planning and logistics than restaurant operations. At any rate, I bit into a samosa and was amazed. Ekta has somehow discovered how to season their mixture while still allowing the consumer to enjoy the flavor of the potato and peas. 
After my office experience, I decided I had to give the restaurant a try. I've tried everything they have to offer (butter chicken, saag paneer, goat curry, Indian chicken soup, bhindi, tikka masala, vindaloo, korma, tandoori sabzi, etc) and I have yet to find something that I didn't absolutely love.Just an excellent Indian Buffet.  Chicken Makhani and mint sauce are some of the best highlights.Used to be my favorite Indian buffet but it has suffered tremendously! The last two times I've been here horrible service, hard rice or none at all, hot pepsi and water. It's sad bc I've been coming here for like 15+years. No longer my favorite place looking for another Indian restaurant. Went back yesterday 8/22/18 better service better everything.I am astonished on how bad the service is. My experience here today was terrible and I will never come back.Very disappointing. They are extremely rude. They only offer student discounts when they feel like, and are more expensive than other nearby restaurants. Quality not better than nearby restaurants that have better service and customer understanding. Will never go back.Now that Ekta is open in west philly there is no need to get Indian food anywhere else. 
I ordered delivery and the food came quickly and did not disappoint. This location is as good as the fishtown location. 
Order from here and have your mind blown.This place is just as good as their other location. In my opinion this is the best Indian food in the neighborhood, and costs the standard price for West Philly.
Their buffet is amazing; just as good as menu items from Sitar (which is one of my favorites, and a neighborhood favorite).This has got to be the worst buffet experience (not an "Indian" buffet, but a buffet of any kind), I've ever had. I had food delivered from here once before but was very dissatisfied (more sauce than food, small portions relative to price, very long wait for delivery). After reading the many positive reviews on the buffet, I figured I'd give them a second shot. But, my fellow yelpers...you lied! You guys really sold me on how fresh the food was and the great turnover of food options and the crisp, HD photos of the food were so convincing. You even went there on the fast service (deadpan). I guess ALOT has changed since you were here last! 
My Experience: When I walk in the door, a gentleman walks over and asks me if I am alone, then walks away. He never introduces himself, he is wearing casual clothes with no name tag or anything, and he never tells me to follow him. So, I'm still standing at the cash register. I tell the smiling lady at the register that I'd like to try the buffet. She says okay and that I should follow the gentleman. Meanwhile, the man is already at the table in the back of the restaurant that he plans to seat me to. As I approach him, he begins walking away. I ask him which table and he points at the back area of the restaurant. If you have ever been in this place, there are several tables at the back of the restaurant, all with the same place setting. So, it wasn't obvious where I was supposed to go (Red Flag #1). 
I was placed in the back of the restaurant by myself. I kept looking around trying to understand if they may have been transitioning for dinner service or something--Nope. It is worth noting, that the place wasn't even full when I came in (only 2 other customers). Several other patrons came in after me, and I watched to see if anyone had to ask to be seated elsewhere. They did not. They were all automatically seated upfront, regardless of party size. So, we'll just say I got seated in Timbuktu because I was a party of one (Red Flag #2).
Next, I explored the buffet. The majority of the food trays were less than ¼ filled with its indicated dish. I assumed it must have been near closing time--Nope. It was 5:30p and they close at 9:30p. So, I asked the gentleman who seated me, if they will be replacing the food. He actually had the audacity to tell me--with a straight face--that there was food in the trays (Red Flag #3). To dramatically demonstrate this point, he walks over to food trays and swirls the spoon around...clearly, so that both of us could see the abundance of sauce that remained in the trays. The look on my face must have called BS because the then tells me they are cooking more. So, I scrape together a plate of curry goat and sauce, butter chicken and sauce, matter paneer and sauce, and a veggie samosa...erroneously believing that "almost finished" food was actually almost finished. Back at my table, I discovered that most of the chucks of "goat" were just bones. The scarce pieces of meat were so tough that I couldn't even chew it, much less swallow it. My samosa was dried out and salty, but the butter chicken was great. 
At 6:15, no new food had been added to the buffet. You would think that in this span of time my waiter would have come back to at least clear my plate--Nope (Red Flag #4). At 6:30, I try the buffet again. With still no new food, I tried the chicken tandoori (at least there was no sauce), the deep-fried spinach, chicken biryani, and cabbage dish. Hands down, the chicken tandoori saved this meal! It was tender and well-seasoned. Unfortunately, the other items were exactly the opposite--hard, bland, and stale. 
One hour and fifteen minutes later, I had had enough. The waiter never came back to my table. My water pitcher was never refilled. The incredibly scant food trays at the buffet were never replaced. Other individuals and groups were never seated in my section. The great service and food experience these reviews speak of were more elusive than a pregnant unicorn! If any one of these things happened by themselves, I would believe that they were having an off day. The fact that all of these things happened in tandem = too much to be a coincidence. I wasn't expecting food from Caesar's Palace, but when the Halal food trucks on the corner give you better food and better service than a dine-in establishment, that establishment is in trouble. I never regretted passing up on New Delhi as much as I did today.  
If you want the truth: Skip this place! I don't care how many Elite Yelpers tell you to go here...don't! The environment is dark, aged, cavernous, especially at the back of the restaurant where they may have a tendency to seat parties of one. The service is neither fast nor friendly. And the majority of the buffet offerings are stale, bland, and dried out. You may like this place if (A) you don't know much about Indian food, or (B) you are too hungry or cheap to care.We really enjoyed the environment and service. Server was very very charmy and helpful. We got the Chicken Tikka Masala with Naan. The food size was quite generous for two people. Would definitely go back, not because it was an extraordinary but because sometimes you just want a cozy place that resembles a house dinning room, plus good service.I wanted to get a to-go, and waitress asked me if I wanted a certain course to go or buffet to go. I said buffet. I picked one platter of food and also a box of rice pudding. AFTER I picked everything and went to the cashier, the same waitress told me that she has to measure it (by however much per pound because it wasn't made clear to me the whole time). She told me the total was $19. Are you kidding me? The buffet is $9.99 for dine-in and you charge me $19 for ONE platter and ONE bowl of rice pudding? Rice pudding is so heavy. And you tell me this AFTER I picked everything? THIS PLACE IS MONEY HUNGRY.This is the best Indian buffet, the buffet is everyday, both lunch and dinner.  A wide variety and always fresh, as evidenced by the tandoori chicken which is very moist and fresh. It's a BYO and very reasonable with great service. Worth the short trip in from the suburbs .Update: In recent months, quality has gone down, as well as fewer options and less turnover while at the buffet. They were going strong for a while, but now all of the saucy dishes are overly sweet and not as fresh as they used to be.  Used to love this place, but I'm finding myself wanting other places nearby (or *gasp* New Jersey) instead.The only good thing about the buffet was papad!! Rest of the food was cold and looks like they have just re heated the entire buffet foods and tasted like stale food. Would not recommend this to anyone.I used to come here 20 years ago when I was a student at upenn! Was called "tandoor" at the time
Still great food, great price!I usually have a good experience with Ekta's food, so was a bit thrown off by my experience today. The tandoori chicken I was eating was only cooked on the outside, with completely raw, pink flesh on the inside - not even undercooked, but raw. I get it - restaurants make mistakes. But once I brought this up to the manager, he claimed that they "were not serving raw chicken" and that "even if [I] wrote a review, nobody would care because we have the best tandoori chicken in Philadelphia." Not once did anybody apologize. I hope ekta gets its act together because New Delhi and Sitar restaurants, both amazing, are just around the corner.I love it! I go with my ex-bf all the time, their buffet is awesome and totally afforded. Nice dessert and it's byob.I don't know where to begin. Should I start with the lack of naans? Or the fact that the butter chicken had no chicken? The service behind the register was so disappointing and I was treated with disrespect. Really hope this place comes under new management or fix their style if they want to improve.Unfortunately cannot rate them as a zero. Orderedfrom them, they stated their delivery driver was outside for 20 minutes. I was on the porch waiting for 30 minutes. There was no driver. 
Why would I order food and not be paying attention?This is my second time ordering from Ekta. I came to Philly last year and I ordered their food via GrubHub. The first time I ordered, I had the Goan Shrimp which has lots of good coconut and curry spices. I was highly impressed and was completely looking forward to returning to this restaurant once I came back to Philly. I'm happy that I made the choice of ordering here again. This time I had the Mango Shrimp and I was also pleasantly pleased. Perfect amount of curry spice and creamy mango flavor, large-sized shrimp and soft basmati rice. I will say that the Goan shrimp had a bit more spice to it which I totally love but the mango shrimp was just as good. 
I also tried to the garlic naan and the basil naan. I was not impressed with the basil naan. It tasted and looked like burnt basil on a piece of naan. I won't order the basil naan again but I will definitely order the garlic naan. Restaurant is also near Penn's campus. Has decent prices depending on what you order. I am able to get 2 meals out of each order.I tried the buffet here. The deal is good for an all you can eat meal. The taste is pretty close to Indian food as well. Yummy. However, would have loved to seen more variety, especially food items like biryani.This place has amazing food. I was treated to this place and I'm very impressed with the buffet in particular. The restaurant is quiet and cozy. The food is affordable and the location is accessible.
My only issue is they need to add more chicken to their lunch buffet. They always seem to run out quickly.Delicious! We got take out and got several dishes. Chicken korma and chicken saag were awesome. Great sauces with lots of depth. They gave us more than enough food. The garlic and cheese naan were delicious. I would definitely return for more.I visited a few months back when this restaurant (in the old Tandoor India) location opened but they were not yet on Yelp. I came for lunch buffet and like the first visit, the food was excellent. The flavors of each dish very nice.  It is a very good deal for for both lunch buffet  @ $9.99 and dinner buffet @ $12.99. The buffet has a good variety of Vegetarian and Non_vegetarian choices.The buffet also has soup,fresh, naan bread brought to your table,  a couple appetizer choices, two rices , 4 desserts and two teas, chai or green tea. If you do not wish to have buffet you can order off the menu. They also have Take out and delivery and yes, even catering. I most definitely will return. I still feel this is the best Indian food in University City andWORST Indian food ever!!! Went there for dinner buffet- Goat curry had 2 pieces of meat, gajar halwa was boiled carrots in milk with sugar, rice pudding was sooooooo watered down, you couldn't find rice in it.It seems one of the poorer offerings of indian buffet in the area. The Breads were hard. How can somebody go wrong with the Breads? May be, my previous experiences at other Indian Restaurants in the same area have been good. Customer Service is not great. No doubt the restaurant was almost empty at one of the busiest times - weekend lunch. I guess they take a leaf out of the books of Sitar Indian Restaurant and Samosa Vegetarian Restaurant. Not coming here 2nd time. Peace out.Unfortunately cannot rate them as a zero. Ordered from them, they stated their delivery driver was outside for 20 minutes. I was on the porch waiting for 30 minutes. There was no driver. 
Why would I order food and not be paying attention?I entered this restaurant with great expectations. Came out dissatisfied. The biryani was not good enough. Every other thing was ok.tl;dr - Really good food and a great variety of it in the buffet. Service is wonderful and they really do take care of you. Prices are great! Overall atmosphere could be a litttttle better, but definitely my fav for Indian food in University City, which has a LOT of these types of places. 
Ekta looks very unassuming in the front and the decor is a little outdated, but WOW does that food pack some flavor. I always head all the way down in the buffet and grab the chicken curry and the tandoori chicken. Naan is delicious, the little fried dough balls are AMAZING, and the soup has a nice, unique flavor. There are still a few things I need to try, but I was overall impressed by the food. 
The service was impressively fast. My water glass was always full (and yo girl drinks a LOT of water), and they were very fast to take away plates. Perhaps even a little too overbearing on that, but I really appreciate the effort. Very happy with the few times I've been and will definitely be back! A must go.I go to Indian buffets often and this place was just plain disappointing. The rice was crumbly. Instead of pieces of potatoes and peas inside the samosas, they seemed to be mashed together in a greyish paste. The sauce for the masaladar chola was very thin. The naan was dry. My partner was completely unimpressed with the goat. There were no cashews in the kheer, and the mint chutney didn't taste like any mint chutney I'd had before.
There was a sauced fried chicken wing dish that tasted vaguely Chinese, but the breading was soggy and the chicken itself tasted boiled.
There were signs all over that seemed to chastise the customer. In addition to the usual admonition to use a new plate with each trip, they indicated you would be charged for taking more than 1 full naan, to use bowls for dessert only, and that you can't take leftovers home.
Ekta wasn't so bad that we didn't want to pay for what we ate, but we were deeply disappointed with the whole experience and we will not be returning.Really nice place but the lab omg dude not very tasty but the chicken was delicious it was fried and spicy... delicious.If I could give zero stars, I would. We came here for a quick late dinner and their buffet was pretty sad. Their tikka masala had no chicken pieces, paneer curry had no paneer or anything (just sauce), no naan, no cups for chai tea, very burnt dessert balls (tasted a lot of the metal), and very burnt crispy white rice. I was hoping at 9pm they would at least have a few more batches of food coming out, but nothing. No one was even willing to do anything about it. I basically forced myself to eat creamy Indian sauces (lack of meat or anything. What am I suppose to do?) with old rice and naan that surprisingly appeared from the kitchen. I just wish I could've AT LEAST enjoyed the dessert, but even that was worse than all the other stuff. I could only say that I'm glad at least their cucumbers and tomatoes in the salad bar were fresh. That's all. I like Sitar and New Delhi Indian buffets a whole lot more. Also, the Ekta on Girard ave in Fishtown is much better. Hopefully this location brings on their A-game soon... or changes something.The best, and they deliver!
Favorites include: Paneer Tikka Masala and Paneer Malai Methi.
I have lived in West Philadelphia for the last five years and eaten at every Indian spot in the area. I can say with absolute certainty that Ekta is easily the best Indian restaurant in University City, and it's my favorite Indian restaurant in the city overall.  
I used to drive to the Ekta on Girard for take-out, and I'm so happy that they have opened a spot here in West Philadelphia! For those who are familiar with the other Ekta restaurant, the food is just as good from this new location.I got delivery through DoorDash and my food arrived well packed, labeled and still hot. The food itself was fantastic- well seasoned but not spicy. My order had saag paneer, aloo gobi, onion bhaji, and naan. All were fantastic and the naan was beautifully soft and the rice had nice separate grains. This was a super enjoyable meal!I stopped by for the lunch buffet on a weekday recently. For the price, it's not a bad deal. However, it is definitely lacking in quality. I'm confused by the people who are saying this place has the best Indian food in Philadelphia. I was also disappointed in the buffet's variety. There were very few meat dishes and most dishes were primarily sauce. The samosa's were dry and the naan was bland and tasted like something you'd buy at a grocery store. We only went because New Dehli was closed and it's unlikely that we will return.The food is okay but they give you very little food very little meat and very little vegetables for $16 I get like five little cubes of lamb or chicken maybe one or two broccoli pieces if I add vegetables and exactly one little cup of rice for 16 damn Dollars,  not worth the money .people will pay if they give them more food like they deserve. I won't be going back here or calling for delivery