I was in Philly PA yesterday and did a search for a local peruvian restaurant. Found Balconcito. Had choritos a chalaca and a few more dishes. The food was great and did not disappoint. Place is a hole in the wall but well worth the visit.Bad bad service the waitress was talking with a man and me and husband seating there for like 10 min . after that came to ask for drink took hee other 10 min to come back with drinks and then star talking again with the same guy i felt like i was asking for free food ...
Never ever come back this was my 2 nd time first was bad too but this time was too much....
There are a lot of better places with better service..
Food was ok...They charge you more on tax. It happened to me  five times in a row. I've got annoyed and told them they calculated tax wrong. And they lied and saying it's right but couldnt show me the calculator bc they did lie. For every meal they charged me 1-5dollars extra. Food is mediocre. You can find better places that doesn't trick your customers and lie about the bills.The restaurant itself isn't much to look at. However, the food was delicious!! Authentic! My Fiancée and I got an appetizer (the plantains cupped with shrimp placed inside) and our main dishes. My fiancée is allergenic to lobster, we didn't order lobster but, he mildly broke out when we got home.The food here is THE BEST outside of Peru and/or NYC. And yes the service isn't the greatest but considering the location and the quality of the food. I. Willing to overlook it's lack of great service.Went to this restaurant when meeting up with a friend. The atmosphere was traditional Spanish style, moderate volume music and tv in corner playing the music video. Got the eye from everyone since I was the minority there. Got the steak with two sunny side eggs on top, French fries, plantain, white rice, and the homemade sausage. Friend got the chicken breast dish with yellow rice. Table came with delicious bread;warm, light crispy outside and super soft inside. 
The bread and the sausage was the best, everything else was bad.  Sausage came on a platter with fire under it, great presentation. Was not greasy at all, and had good chunks of meat. Their homemade Verde salsa was good, very similar to Bueno e Sano salsa.
The chicken breast looked like it went through the deli slicer 5 times and the yellow rice was tasteless (coming from a Puerto Rican). The steak also looked like it went through the slicer. The fries where not crispy at all... The plantain were good.
I definitely ordered the wrong dish but, when a Puerto Rican orders in Spanish and is disappointed, then it has to mean something.
The $54 + $8 tip was not worth it.My boyfriend was born in Peru, lives in London, and misses his Peruvian food.  When he comes to visit me in Philly, he always wants to go to El Balconcito. Our main complaint is that we always eat too much here!  The food is tasty and the portions are big. On different occasions we've had pollo a la brasa, tostones rellenos de carne, bistec a lo pobre, arroz chaufa (real chifa!), ceviche, churrasco, and I can't remember what else.  Not as good as some of the places I've gone in Peru, but its the best I've found here or in London.Cozy little place with terrific food!  I had the 1/2 roasted chicken from the Peruvian menu and my friend had a steak with shrimp from the Portuguese menu.  We both really enjoyed the lunch and the service was very good, too.  Lots of great choices on the menu, so I'll be back soon.I never would have ventured all the way out to north Philly had a friend not recommended El Balconcito for the great ceviche. I am so glad we did make the drive out to try this great little place. El Balconcito looks like a hole-in-the-wall but is very cozy inside. There were a lot of families there eating with young kids and a very jovial atmosphere. The food was really good. We ordered ceviche and tostones rellenos de camaron (shrimp tostones). The latter were ok and really filling but the shining star was definitely the ceviche. I have tried a lot of ceviche while traveling around Latin America and I have found it is hard to replicate it here locally. A lot of restaurants parboil the seafood first rather than letting it cook by marinating in lime juice, which is more authentic. El Balconcito's ceviche did not disappoint, they did it just right and the taste was spot on. I will definitely make the trek out here again in the future.This restaurant is very small. It was once a corner bar in its past life. They have booths and tables and the light is on the dim side, making it cozy. The food is Peruvian/Portuguese was a strong emphasis on seafood. Their seafood selections are very fresh. I had the tostones with shrimp. The tostones were hot, crunchy and with just the right amount of salt. They serve the tostones molded into a cup shape and top with delicious perfectly cooked shrimp. The table ordered the fried yucca as an appetizer and it was tasty. Very lightly battered and cut into chunky sticks, serviced with a limey cilantro dipping sauce. The menu offers red snapper, octupus salad, crab and lobster dishes.They offer a full bar so you can have a cocktail or drink with your meal. Some of the dishes are a tad pricey, but the food is excellent and bursting with freshness.  Staff was pleasant and spoke English.For the past few years we've been on a Portuguese food kick, and last year we discovered a few Peruvian restaurants- so we were excited when a friend recommended this restaurant specializing in Portuguese & Peruvian food.
We started off with a pitcher of red sangria- it was good & strong! The clams casino were fresh & stuffed with crab meat. We had the grilled chicken & shrimp with beans & rice and a seafood soup. Everything was really good. We'll definitely return and bring a few friends!El Balconcito  John De Casanova 
Pros- Great authentic Peruvian cuisine, a friendly and bilingual staff, reasonably priced, nice decorations that show famous landmarks of Peru, and a built-in bar.
Cons- Hard to find parking, small plates, small environment.
My girlfriend and I (I'm Peruvian) were out in Philly looking for a restaurant that served Spanish food. After coming across this restaurant not too far from our location we had a little trouble finding parking in the immediate area. After parking a couple blocks away, we entered the restaurant and saw how small it was. There were only about 10 tables and a few seats in the bar. Once we sat down however, our waiter made us feel welcome and was very friendly. My girlfriend ordered the jalea, which is a mixture of various fried seafood such as squid, octopus, and fish. It also comes with fried potatoes and fried yuca. I ordered a lomo saltado which is rice with cut up sirloin steak mixed with onions, tomatoes, and french fries. 
We also ordered an appetizer called Papa a la huancaina. Papa a la huancaina is potatoes covered in a traditional creamy Peruvian cheese sauce. While I was waiting I began to look around noticing many portraits of famous Peruvian landmarks, that as a Peruvian I truly appreciated as it shows the beauty of the country. The all-around decorations of the restaurant made me feel welcomed, provided a nice ambiance, and made me feel as if I was at home. Once we received our appetizers, we noticed that the plate was really small even for an appetizer, but it was delicious. 
Our entrees did not take long to come out. The lomo saltado was very juicy and tender while the french fries were your standard all around great tasting french fries. What made it all stand out was the juice that naturally pours out of the steak. While the lomo saltado tasted amazing, the portion was quite small for an entree and left me wanting more afterwards. It did not fill me up completely. On the other hand, my girlfriend's jalea was a pretty good size and I was able to take a few bites off her plate. The fried seafood was very crispy and delicious. I also loved the fact that it is topped off with lots of onions giving the food more flavor. Finally, we had a great tasting dessert called flan. The flan was very soft and creamy, and I can honestly say it is one of my favorite desserts from this Peruvian restaurant. I will be coming back soon. While the plates were small as was the restaurant itself, we enjoyed the food and ambiance and will be coming back the next time we are in the area.Now this place is a random neighborhood joint away from Rt 1 in northeast Philly. You would never expect it. It's a peruvian restaurant tucked away a couple of blocks away from Rt 1. I went with some coworkers and the portions were very generous. You can tell when you are the only non-Hispanic person in the room and the waitresses can only speak Spanish that this is the real deal. When you order the ceviche the portion is HUMUNGOUS. I loved the tostones. I'm not a big plantain banana fan, but these were to die for. Lightly salted and crispy, they are yummy. Next time I want to try their tostones filled with chicken or meat. If you love seafood, their seafood platters are plentiful. My brother had the paella valenciana and it was filled with lots of chicken and seafood. For $18 it was huge and we brought it back home. The guy next to us had some HUGE platter of calamari and shrimp and I forgot what it was called but that's what I want next time. Sounds like jaleo or something like that. It is slightly out of the way but you know what...it's worth the trip. Tax is included with each entree and it even has a full serviced bar. I think el balconcito II may be closer off interstate 95, so maybe I'll try that next time. 
Again, pretty damn good for philadelphia and a neighborhood gem. You can easily find parking on the street.Their shrimp ceviche is a MUST TRY and you can park in the lot right behind the restaurant to avoid street parking. Prices to me are reasonable.My husband preorder food for Mother's Day. The order was suppose to be picked up at 2 an hour later and the food wasn't ready. We called the place at 12:30 to make sure the food would be ready for pick up and they said yes. We also paid in full.  The food was given to us at 3:30. An hour and half from when they were suppose to have it. They will never get Business from us again.My job sort of brought me to this place at a moment my tummy could not hold the hunger any longer... This is my first visit to this Peruvian/Brazilian restaurant, and I was actually impressed by both the tasty food as well as the friendly service. 
Next time I will definitely bring someone, despite the remote location.I just became a huge fan of Peruvian food. El Balconcito is where I was re-introduced to this cuisine. We had heard about Peruvian rotisserie chicken and this place is known for it. Before that was served however the homemade green Aji hot sauce was an immediate hit. A squeeze bottle on the table was quickly one quarter emptied on fresh bread slices. What unique flavor: jalapeno chlle, cilantro and garlic. The waitress says she is not sure exactly is in it, but the owners make it once or twice a week. We got appetizers, Shrimp cocktail and tostones with shrimp. The tostones were the best I have ever had, but he shrimp cocktail a bust. These came straight from a steamer in a mayonnaise sauce. Guess shrimp cocktail is different in Peru. In addition to the rotisserie chicken we had the mixed ceviche. Wonderful texture flavor and  acidity from key limes. When you go bring a few friends, the portions are huge.This place is small but has good service. I got the steak dish with peppers and onions; it was very fatty and flavorless. Fries tasted off, like they had been defrosted and re-heated. The tostones were again flavorless and didn't have a crunch to them. 
I've had other dishes here that were good. This was a disappointment.I have been here a few times and never have been disappointed however not overally impressed. The restaurant it self is literally a whole in the wall. The service here is mediocre but the food is flavorful and fresh. I would recommend this dive if you really are not looking for the best  service...but are looking for some good Latin American food.After a bit of research on Peruvian food following my meal here, I learned a few things. First, Peruvian food is influenced by Spanish culture, Chinese, Italian, West Africa, and Japanese. My first encounter with Peruvian food was most definitely more Spanish, and this time seemed more Chinese. Since I was expecting the "Spanish style" I guess that was why I felt so disappointed. I probably didn't order the right things! I'd guess that the options my friends and I tried were more of the "Chifa style" (Chinese Peruvian like the center city restaurant) and that is why the taste and look was so similar to Chinese food.
I just finished my leftovers and alone without [other dish interference], just the rotisserie chicken with the amazing picante sauce on it was quite delicious. I can't quite give El Balconcito 4 stars yet but my new found knowledge about the influences of Peruvian food and my soon to be had craving for the sauce will definitely have me coming back for another try.If you are not aware of the culinary delight that is Peruvian food, I recommend that you make a trip out to El Balconcito. The decor may not be much to look at, but the food is legit: large portions at reasonable prices. 
The fried yucca ($5) was just all right, kind of too lightly-fried and cut into too-large wedges in my opinion, but I don't really like fried yucca to begin with. The huancaina sauce it came with for dipping was good, though not exactly spot-on. We tried the lomo saltado ($12), which was a generous helping of succulent, tender steak strips stir fried with french fries, onions, and tomatoes in a delicate peppery sauce. We also tried the arroz chaufa de camarones (peruvian-chinese style fried rice with shrimp), which tasted very similar to rice dishes I've had in Peru, but maybe with a tad more Asian flavoring. At $13, there was a shrimp for every square centimeter of rice. This was not your average Chinese-tasting fried rice, it had flavors that were distinctively Peruvian. 
The waitresses were friendly and spoke enough English that language wasn't a barrier. The atmosphere is slightly dingy and has a local divey tavern feel, but you don't get awesome Peruvian food at most dingy taverns. 
Can't wait to go back and try the pollo a la brasa.I had the rotisserie chicken and it was really good. The hot salsa sauce that they gave me was really good also. I brought my wife and kids and the prices are reasonable and we all enjoyed our food.I love this place the only thing is this one is supper small like basement small but they have a second location not to far from this one that is more spacious there shrimp Tostones cups are amazing and there red snapper and salmon and the light sauce they give you with there rice I have noticed one place prices are different from the other are bill was slightly higher and this location not sure whyDespite the service being extremely slow the food will be some of the best you will find in the city. This hole in the wall is as authentic as it gets and the prices are very reasonable.El Balconcito is excellent. Although its technically Portuguese and Peruvian, a lot of what they serve is Dominican, and damn good Dominican at that. While not the best Portuguese and Peruvian I've ever had, El Balconcito's version are about the best to be found in Philly.I've been here twice to dine in. We have ordered takeout from here. The food is always delicious, never disappoints.
The only thing that does disappoint is the kids menu and the fact that they only have one dessert which is Flan.Cozy, welcoming ambiance within the restaurant itself. First time here and I was pretty pleased with the Ceviche Mixto. They offer three different levels of "how spicy" you'd prefer your plate for the ceviche. Servers were great, food tasted fresh and was affordable.Not a bad latin restaurant. Great atmosphere, decor and the waitress was very attentive. I got the grilled chicken meal with a side salad and tostones with an extra side of grilled onions for $3 more. The chicken was very flavorful and the mealnitself was filling. I would have wished for a tad bit more chicken but again the meal as a whole was filling. I would definately come back again with a group as the restaurant has several group table locations. Overall very happy with my choice and will be back.I haven't been exposed to much peruvian/portuguese food but, if el balconcito is any indication, i love it already!  We've been here a few times and sampled the tostones with shrimp as well as chicken which are both very good.  The absolute best part is the green sauce they serve with it.  I'm not sure exactly what is in it but it is spicy, fresh, garlicky goodness and I would buy a bottle of it if they sold it like that.The food here is amazing. We ordered the ceviche ahead of time and it was perfectly done. The only issue is with service. We never knew who our actual server was. They all were busy doing other things and forgot about our 2nd half of the order and water for the table. I'd definitely come back for food, but I won't expect 5 star service.Great menu most thorough Peruvian selection limo saltado sig dish of peru was superb its sirloin tomatoes onion fries and rice very succulent but also lots of seafoodWe walked in to a packed house (as it should be at any restaurant on Valentine's Day) but then it took a turn. As we waited in the cramped quarter awaiting a table, we noticed of all the people who entered, we were the ONLY ones not offered a menu to review while waiting.  Feeling a bit akward, my husband just grabbed one off the shelf. I dont know if it was because we were the only non-bilingual couple in the room, but rest assured we did not feel welcomed.  After 30 mins of being ignored and they refused to serve us and then sat a couple who came in 20 mins after us, we were fed up and walked out. Never again and i dont suggest it. To any others in search of an ethnic experience steer clear!This place is so amazing and delicious ! My friend took me here one day and I've been traveling 45 minutes just to dine here. Great food, great price and great people ! Check it outThis was our first time here. Walking in, I think we were the only English speaking clientele. Considering the type of restaurant, this was a very good thing. The restaurant was packed, but we were greeted promptly and shown to a table. Although the restaurant is small there's a cozy, casual vibe which is nice. We ordered the ceviche mixto (we went with the hot - you can do a mild version). It was excellent! Bursting with flavors of lime and cilantro. For the main course, we ordered a seafood paella. It was loaded with seafood and was way more than the 2 of us could eat. Desert of flan and coffee finished an excellent dinner. Will definitely come again!This restaurant food is delicious and it welcomes everyone. I live three blocks away and have drove by for 11 years finally I went in a few months ago and the food was amazing, and the servers are very nice. Limited English though but not too bad. I had the chicken and shrimp and it was cooked to perfection and it was also a large portion. I currently go there often because the prices are reasonable.The food was great, but the service was bad, she sat us and basically forgot we were there, not enough napkins, had to ask twice for everything and had to wait an extra 20 minutes for the bill and ask twice for it since the first waitress forgot about us again.The worst experience ever. This place don't even deserve one start. I never leave reviews, but this time it's necessary. This restaurant it's extremely expensive and the amount of food that you receive don't justify the price. I ordered grilled chicken breads with garlic shrimp. This order comes with two sides. As a side I got tostones and fried yuca. I paid $25 for three thin pieces of chicken, 6 small over cooked shrimp, 3 tostones and 5 cold pieces of fried yuca...horrible...I also got a piece of flan which I don't think you can call the tiny piece of flan that I got "piece". The piece was so small. Unbelievable, it also seems that they cut one piece of flan in two and gave me one of the two pieces. I'm extremely disappointed with the taste of the food, the amount of food and the price. I don't recommend this place.Delicious food! Authentic Latin flavors cooked to perfection. We went to the Godfrey location. Parking was easy. Highly recommend the Seafood Soup and the En Salada De  Pulpo and Shrimp. It's a must!I wish there was a 0 stars option !
-worst service ever throughout the entire staff
-disgusting food
The prices were extremely high for such disgusting food.
We've been at the other location and it was ok but never again !
Do yourself a favor and don't throw your money away in this place definitely not worth it at all !I love this restaurant! Every menu item is amazing. I get the lomo Saltado and love their ketchup/mayo sauce. I'm rating Balconcito on their food because the service could be a little bit better. Servers take a while to get your drinks/ take your orders/ bring the check. Aside from that, you'll love this place!After studying abroad in Chile and working in an authentic Peruvian restaurant in my college town here in the US, I've been on the hunt for an authentic Peruvian restaurant in Philly. Well gracias a Dios that I found El Balconcito!!
It's a bit under the radar and off the beaten path, especially for Center City residents like me, but the food was exactly what I was looking for and expecting. In addition to Peruvian cuisine, they also feature Portuguese on their menu. Because I was missing the familiar Peruvian food that I used to eat so frequently, I chose to stick with the Peruvian dishes. The portions were huge and the food was very enjoyable. Our leftovers became lunch for the both of us the next day. We had the papa a la huancaina, ceviche, tostones rellenos and lomo saltado. I wanted to drink the huancaina sauce by the gallon. The ceviche was a wonderful mix of freshness, flavor and color. The tostones were yummy but so filling, I could only eat one. The lomo was delicous. And the fact that they had bottles of picante sauce (the good green Peruvian kind) on every table really won me over. Psht, Tabasco shabasco. Picante is where it's at.
The service could have been better but it wasn't terrible. It seemed like we waited an excessively long time for our check though. The atmosphere is casual and laid back, just as the Latino culture tends to be. You know it must be good if you're the only non-Latino people there.This place is not bad... not amazing but a solid find.
The good:
- typical spanish establishment
- lots of conversation and noise
- drinks (try the passion fruit drink!!)
- lot of options
The not so good:
- one of my biggest issue was that although it is a spanish speaking establishment, hostess should try to make an effort for non-spanish speakers as it is a honor (for me at least) for someone to want to try your culture, food.  3 different server refused to speak in english (even though they knew i did not speak spanish).  
- bit of a regular only type of atmosphere (as in if you are not a regular, the red carpet for first timer is not offered)
- food was just ok.  Again, judging based on the cuisine (eg, peruvian) i was disappointed  in the lack of spices and flavors used in classics.  we drove 30 min to get here and probably made it worst since i was craving peruvian food.  However if you never had amazing peruvian food, this would be rates as good (thus not giving lower rating)
I would visit it again but with lower expectation and without my 3 year old!The food is good but the service isn't. Waited wayyy too long for our food. The servers are forgetful as well. I would ask for something and never received it. I would have to ask multiple servers just to get another drink. Definitely consider this before deciding on eating here.Came here with BF. Well worth the trip for great food. We ordered 3 dishes with seafood- ceviche; arroz con mariscos and parihuela soup.  Drank caipirinhas all evening.The seats are horrible and the ceiling is old. They charged me double what I owed them and 11 dollars more for- I dont even know what. The administration is atrocious.Her you can- Ethnic dine, with family, friends or solo for dinner and late night or grab a drink.
Located in the Olney section of Philly,  expect Peruvian classics along side traditional South American cuisine in this modest family friendly restaurant.  The sangria is great and very traditional. Go for seafood over poultry. 
My ratings are based on a 5 star scale. Where 1 star is tragic and 5 star is Ouwww terrific!  
Overall ratings- 5 star ( because of the food specifically)  
Food taste- 5 stars! Very traditional taste.
Food portions- 5 stars. Portions are pretty large. The sopa marisco is definitely enough for two people.  
Customer service- 5 star. Attentive & friendly. 
Cleanliness- 3. 5 stars
Decor- 3 stars very understated but functional. 
Ambiance- 4 stars for what it is. A family restaurant.My first time trying peruvian food was about a year ago, and I certainly enjoyed it. Why it took me so long to try it again probably stems from me living in places where it was unavailable and then, after moving to Philly, having so many other places to eat at.
The neighborhood that El Balconcito is located in is not too shabby, but is definitely off the main roads. It's not too far from many of the asian markets and pho restaurants that I frequent, so I didnt feel unsafe or worried about the area. Inside the restaurant, there is very simple seating and small bar. Pretty casual. The waitress was a young woman who spoke perfect spanish and english, so communicating questions about the menu was no problem either. We ordered the fried calamari to start, and then I had the roast chicken that has been noted in a few reviews already. The chicken was a bit dry, which I didnt like, but the flavors were nice and I think it would have been much more enjoyable with more moist meat. It came with a huge pile of french fries, which were just average. So overall for me, just ok. The calamari was pretty decent, the squid was soft and the batter was nice and light. It came with a dipping sauce that was reminiscent of chipotle mayo. My friends ordered (unknowing and by accident? Were we drawn to it because it looked like a comfortable choice on the menu?) two things that looked strangely Chinese. One I would liken to fried rice, and the other looked and tasted like lo mein. Not BAD tasting, but not what I thought pervian food was like....so a bit of disappointment there on both accounts. On a shining note, the Peruvian green picante sauce lived up to everything it was boasted about in the reviews and is the sole reason that I would return in the future despite some disappointment today.
The bill was about $45 dollars for us three, so very pricey for lunch, although there were some leftovers to take home. Mixed feeling about returning, maybe with someone who is more veteran and can help me make a better meal choice to something more authentic.very good tasting latin and peruvian cuisine, my favorite dish is the camarones al ajillo, its a tasty sauteed dish of shrimp, butter and garlic with your choice of two sides, rice firjoles rosados or tostones or maduros either way you order it one cant go wrong with this dish, although peices are slighrly wlevated for this type of cuisine its not bad. the staff are pleasant and accomodating Ample space and the booths are comfortable, good for parties and early business meetings. the bar up front is very crampy and small , but you csn order a drink there if ypu wanted to. i like the ambieance, could use some heat in the front its a small place though. if the prices came down just a tad it would generate more business.This small family restaurant is a real jewel.  Very busy around dinner but well worth the wait.  The service is friendly and the menu diverse.
The ceviche is the BEST in the city.Good but not great. The food was just ok because the flavors weren't all there. I've been to many Peruvian restaurants in Jersey that have that WOW factor on many of their dishes. This was not the case. I ordered Lomo Saltado and although the meat was tender, it lacked some flavor to it. I tried to put some of the green ají sauce and it was watered down and not spicy at all. Just tasted like cilantro water. I live in South/Central Jersey and was hoping to find a Peruvian restaurant closer to me but, I'd rather take the trip to Perth Amboy (Se salio el Pollo), Elizabeth (El Carbonazo) or even Union City (Parrilladas Dany) and enjoy an authentic peruvian meal than to try and save a trip.
Disappointed...I'm in Philly for a week for work and been craving for a peruvian food. Found this place in yelp and tried ordering "to go". 
The service is very bad even for picking up a food! The girl that was charging my card looks so unfriendly. My card "Chip" wasn't working and so i asked her if she can try putting my card number manually. She did put it with an attitude. And told me it didn't worked either. she says it was declined so i thought i had to call my bank to confirm the charges because I'm in a different state (i live in DC). There was no signal inside the place and so i asked the lady if they have a wifi so i can call my bank or access my app to confirm the transaction but she wouldn't let me. I got back to my car, get my other card while calling my bank outside the store, they told me that it was declined because they put a wrong zipcode for the charge! Smh! 
I want to quickly get out of there because of how uncomfortable i am with the attitude that she was giving me. My conversation throughout this process was very calm and i try giving her a chance to be nice, but she stayed with that attitude the whole time. She could've handled that in a different manner. She was treating me like I don't have money to pay for my order at all. 
I got to my hotel and saw that they didn't put any utensils nor napkins in the bag. The beef was hard and overcooked. I really do hope that this place can improve it's customer service experience. It is very disappointing!This restaurant is as the reviews stated. The waiter service is terrible. I went with my family and they forgot about my order. It took them 35 minutes to bring my food. On top of that, as a real Peruvian this is not Peruvian food. If you're looking for Peruvian food DO NOT COME HERE. I ordered lomo saltado and this was utterly bad. Idk what part of the cow they used, the steak was super fat and thick. Then the taste was like bbq it was so bad. My mother ordered chicharron de pollo ans the yellow rice was tasteless and was hard. The green sauce was bad. The waitress stated the chef is from Guatemala which does not help with the Peruvian food. The manager did accommodate by taking this fake lomo out of the bill which was highly appreciative.Parking was not bad at all.  Small place and slow service, but very friendly.  Do not expect to have a quick meal here, but that is not a bad thing at all!!  I had lunch with a friend who can eat and then some.  Splitting the Paella Marinera left us both with a satisfied grin, stuffed bellies and an entire takeout container full of food.  The flavors were amazing, the presentation was perfect Paella pan and all!  I'll definitely return to this nice find!I use to love this place but the service is horrible! Bad service makes me loose my appetite. Never ordering at this place again. I rather stick with the one on castor ave. Way better service.I ordered online and the order was pending for 20 minutes so I went into the restaurant. The server came to me and said he didn't see any order. Another 10 minutes pass and He finally comes over and says he came make it. However I ordered to go not dine in and asked for a refund. I was refused and told to contact bank. NEVER eating here again!The food is super good and always comes in large portions! Never have been disappointed. The drinks are great as well. They even have Inca Cola and Chicha.Good food but it's too restaurant is too small. Generous portions. Wide variety of drinks available. Even the pickiest eater can find something to eat. However, with the restaurant being so small and the large plates gives it a claustrophobic feel to the place.Im so sad to write this review, my family and I have been going to this restaurant for 10+ years. We recently went over the weekend and it was horrible. We always order the same things, parihuela, ceviche, jalea and solomeo. We came very excited to eat but we left very disappointed. I guess the owner or cook changed because nothing tasted like it should, we did start to note the change once Vista Peru in Philly opened however the food was still estable until our most recent visit. The closest thing that was eatable was the ceviche but the corn wasn't fully cooked. My mom complained about the taste of her solomeo and nothing was done about it. Note, we are peruvian and We are very sad to say we won't be coming here anymore.Drove by this place on the way home from work for a few weeks,then had to stop in. My wife, being Puerto Rican, was craving some latin food. I opted to get takeout one night to bring home. I got a half of a roasted chicken, these beef stuffed tostones, regular tostones and these cod fritters. The food was okay, nothing to write home about. Maybe I'm used to more flavoring in food the way my mother in law cooks. It wasn't terrible, but not what I expected. the fritters were soft in the middle, with a mushy fish texture...not a good combo. the stuffed tostones were okay, but the filling was this odd creamed beef mixture. the chicken was standard. good, but again nothing lke what I was expecting. All in all, it was good but I probably wouldn' t go back.I was born and raised in Peru and I have fond memories of my family making great food growing up. I moved from Northern NJ and I've been looking for a good Peruvian restaurant in the Southern NJ, East PA area. El Balconcito is not that place. I ordered Papa a la Huancaina and Arroz Chaufa de Carne. Papa a la Huancaina had a runny off-color sauce with a bitter aftertaste (it was subtle, but it was there. Probably a result of not removing seeds from the yellow peppers when they made it.) The arroz chaufa tasted like anything but arroz chaufa. It had a condiment I couldn't put my finger on, but definitely not one used in Peruvian cuisine. The beef used had been shredded as it's usually used in Caribbean cuisine, and it had no flavor and it was dry. The eggs were dry. The rice itself was crushed, instead of full grained. I'm not sure about you, but back in Peru we used cracked rice to feed our ducks, not to serve to our families. If you have never had Peruvian food before, do not be fooled by this place. It does not represent Peruvian food as it's meant to be cooked.