I love this place. The food is really good, the prices are beyond reasonable, and the owner is the nicest human being Ive ever met. She has fed me when they were closed! (I didnt see the sign) I love that its a BYO. Just roll in with some drinks and have a super solid, unpretentious meal, and support a small family business. Everybody wins!Just had a wonderful dinner here with my wife and two small children. We loved the pupusas, combo salvadoreno, elites (sweet corn), and pastilitos (sp?). Kids got the grilled chicken with rice and beans off the kids menu, which they enjoyed. There's a bunch of other Honduras and Salvadoran dishes I want to try next time plus the typical Mexican fare for those less adventurous. All in all, a great addition to the neighborhood! They are on Grubhub too.This place is a hidden gem! My cousin and I ordered the following: Pupusas - Chicharron y queso (Pork and cheese), Plantanis - sweet plantains w/ cheese and sour cream on the side, Elotes - corn, mayo, cheese, and chili powder, Steak Tostadas without beans, and Steak tacos with GRILLED jalapeño and GRILLED scallions. EVERYTHING WAS FRESH, FLAVORFUL AND GREAT! The owner, bless her heart, was also our waitress. We will be returning again soon!
This restaurant is BYOB and does except CC's. You can park on the street or the parking lot across the street.
Thanks for the great food El Bocado!Small shop on a quiet corner. The restaurant itself is cute and very clean with tons of parking nearby. The waitress was so nice, the service was great. We were seated  and got our food fast. 
I've been craving pupusas and I'm so happy I found this spot. I also tried the steak burrito and my friend got the enchiladas. Everything was fantastic and the portions were huge. 
Definitely coming backTasty food and friendly service, but I probably wouldn't go back unless they get extra help. Take advantage of the BYOB to while away the time until the food comes out. 
We tried the flavored waters, pupusa combo, churrasco, empanadas and flan, and all were commendable. An online delivery option would be appreciated!This place is simply amazing! From food to service to the portion and the variety of options! My favorite is the Papasus. They are made with corn flour and it goes super delicious when you choose cheese filling inside. I will definitely come back to try other stuff that's on the menu!
Oh it's pupusas... not papasus...As someone stated previously, this really is a "hole in the wall" from the outside.  Inside it's cute and the service was outstanding.  Food was very good.  Overall an excellent value and will definitely return.  Only negative was the lack of dessert choices.  The flan was good, but would have preferred other choices.This was my first time checking out El Bocado and I have to say the food was capital A amazing the hostess was super friendly and the service was on point for my take out order and I'm definitely feeling the fact that they are B.Y.O.BI was very excited to try this place. I was surprised to go to lunch on Friday and find the place empty, because the food was so good this place should be jampacked from the moment the doors swing open till they roll you out onto the sidewalk at night! 
I was waiting for my friend so decided to try their pupusa. I've had them before but never quite as good. These were bigger,  fresh masa clouds with an incredibly generous filling. My friend arrived just as it was being delivered to the table, and it was large enough for us to share. Then we were provided with a gratis basket of chips and salsa, lightly sprinkled with cheese and a little bean sauce. I'm trying to watch the carbs so I only had two chips but they were absolute perfection. Not greasy or over salted, Which is what I usually find at restaurants. My mate had enchiladas while  I had Pollo Azado, mostly because I was trying to do a healthy option and stay away from the fried Salvadoran appetizer combo, which was super tempting. 
For a healthy grilled chicken, it was very flavorful, and enough to feel someone with a good appetite. I ended up taking a doggy bag home. Having enjoyed lunch, I will definitely return. In fact, based on the pupusas alone, that may be sooner rather than later, and considering how light, without being greasy the chips & pupusas were, I don't think it'll be too long before I tell that Combo Salvadoreno to "get in my belly!" 
Also top notch service. Our waitress who I believe is the owner, couldn't have been nicer or more charming. This is such a great addition to the neighborhood and perfect for when you want to go out to eat but you don't want the hassle of having to go far, dress up or spend a lot!  
It ticks all my boxes, and as far as I'm concerned you don't get much better than this !ALRIGHT, I usually don't write reviews on yelp, but I HAD TO! My friend jamie recommended this place. This place is... aaaaamazing. this place made me feel like I was back home with my mom. I'm half-Honduran, half-Mexican, but grew up with salavdorian food at home.. this place really knows their stuff. It's really hard finding food that hits close to home! I've been to places that are "authentic" but this place IS! their horchata is so so sooo good and it's really hard finding good homemade horchata in philly. the pupusas and curtido were so good.. I felt like I was back in los planes de renderos. My friend ordered the Parrillada, delicious! my bf and I had 4 pupusas revueltas and pollo asado.. aaaamazing. I hope this place stays around for a long long time. I can't wait to bring my mom here! please take my word for it and GO TO THIS PLACE! I was blown away and I hope that you will be too.My husband and I ate here for dinner and had a fantastic experience! We had the enchiladas salvadoreñas, the platano relleno, the encebollado, and the elote and none of it disappointed. My favorite dish was the elote and, as a huge fan of the dish in general, I can confidently say that this was some of the best I've ever had. The service was fast and the waitress was very pleasant and attentive. We even got the chance to meet and have a conversation with the owner, Jackie, who was super amazing and even shared a shot with us to celebrate the evening! The restaurant is BYOB, so we came prepared with a bottle of tequila. We opted to drink it alone on the rocks, but we were offered an array of juices from which to choose as mixers. Overall, we had a great dining experience and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for authentic, delicious Honduran/Salvadoran/Mexican food. An easy 5 stars!Flavorful and fresh food and very friendly service. Looking forward to being a return customer. Can't say a bad thing about this place!First time coming here and I'd say I recommend coming here for the yummy borritos  the service was good an delivery was freeThis place is a true hidden gem!  The service is amazing, our waitress was so sweet and always smiling.  Generous portions and good pricing, food was amazing!  BYOB also can't be beat.  Will definitely be back!Wow! This restaurant is amazing. I frequently come for the beef Pastellitos and the chips and salsa (served with an amazing Chile de arbol that packs a little kick). But today i tried the Steak and onions served with rice and beans.... i literally inhaled the dish before i was even able to get a picture! In other words, it was Beyond delicious! 
I will be back very soon to try the other delicious dishes they have on the menu!Really great food and nice workers. Would definitely recommend for a bang for your buck!hands down best pupusas in philly. not even a competition. great food plus great price and I mean, their frijol y queso pupusas cured my depression. so there's that.Really low key hole in the wall with delicious and fresh tasting food. We had the papusas, the meat lovers and the shrimp in tomato sauce. All incredible! Bonus, they have a kids menu that is $5 with huge portions. So reasonable! Will be back again. 
Bonus points for our really sweet and attentive waitress.This place is new but worth checking out. The papusas (especially cheese & jalapeno), yuca, plantains, and camarones entomatados were all tasty. The space itself is a work in progress, but I think/hope it'll get there. Friendly, helpful staff, reasonable prices, good vibe. Will definitely be back.Great neighborhood spot! The food is top notch, service is quick, price is very reasonable, and the owner is so welcoming and gracious!Do yourself a favor and check this place out they just opened up a few months ago and once you eat there you will want them to stay open. The food is just amazing! All fresh and made there, home made Tortilla chips and home made papusas!!!! Absolutely incredible! My boyfriend and I decided to go there today and we both can't wait to go back. The owner is also super nice she and her husband work thier together and are such an amazing team! FYI its byobWhat a treat! The food was excellent and the service was exceptional. Such tasty food and what a wide selection of choices. We have to go back because we want to try a lot of other things. They definitely had something for everyone.Food was really good, portions were generous and the flavour was great. The server was extremely nice. 100% recommendedWow, what can I say about El Bocado. The service is exceptional. But not only that. The dishes are unique and lovingly prepared. But there's more. Dylan is a doo doo. But beyond that, wow, the most important thing I have to say is this...
You should check this place out.A shining addition to the growing boom in Latinx restaurants in the Bella Vista hub. Owned and operated by a sweet-faced young woman named Jacqui, the menu is a winning mix of Mexican, Honduran, and Salvadoran cuisine (which means, yes, they have pupusas, and they are on point). Also, huge shout out to the vegetarians, their beans are veg-friendly, there are a number of veggie items on the menu, and Jacqui said they would be happy to accommodate vegetarians even more by adapting exciting platters to make them meat-and-seafood free. I had a vegetarian burrito and it was very good stuff. I have to say the room itself was a bit chilly on this cold day, but I got there early and I'm sure the space heaters get things perfectly comfortable by the afternoon.So happy to have great Latin food in the neighborhood! Portions are generous and price a steal. I tried the Combo Salvadoreno and the cheese and bean pupusa, everything was fresh and delicious. They also have a good variety of agua frescas to go with your meal and they really treat you like family. Can't wait to be back and try more of their offerings.Great food. Had the shrimp enchiladas. Get both red and green sauces. Service is great. We brought rum and mixed it with the passion fruit juice. The entire meal was super delicious.What a spot! This space has been vacant for years, and it is exciting to see something so delicious move in...
We over ordered, but that's okay. The prices are incredible for the portion sizes. We got the pupusas, because you have to, pastelitos, and then split the parrillada dish. Steak, shrimp, pork, chicken, beans, rice, cheese, fried bananas. We covered all the food groups.
Not only is the food fantastic, the service is great. They explain everything very clearly and make good recommendations.
Of course, BYO is also always amazing.
Definitely get here...Despite the snow and wind in Philadelphia, I stopped by this tiny, family owned restaurant with a friend today. I'm so glad I did. The owner was just delightful and made us feel so welcome. The pupusas are really delicious and the camarones entomatadas were heaven. Even the chips she brought out were especially good, light and topped with garlicky beans. I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu.Finally, a place that sells high quality AUTHENTIC Salvadoran/Honduran food!
Being half Salvadoran and half Honduran, eating at El Bocado was more than I could have asked for! Pupusas revueltas were done well, jugo de nance was perfect, and the pastelitos were delicious.
Growing up eating enchiladas, no not mexican enchiladas but actual Salvadoran/Honduran enchiladas was the best but no one ever understood what they were but alas, El Bocado has delivered with authentic enchiladas that remind me of home. 
If you want to try AUTHENTIC (not white washed) Central American food--this is the spot. The owner is also super sweet and provided excellent service. The food and service is well worth the visit and I am excited to finally have a place in philly that tastes like home! 
Buen provecho everyone!!!So delicious! The food and service were above and beyond and so friendly . Highly recommend for a quick, yet flavorful  and well executed meal. Byo was also a plus!!! Can't wait to try even more from El BocadoAmazing! Unexpected! Familiar yet unique!  What a great addition to the neighborhood. My kids (10,6,5) loved the Pupusas  and the enchiladas. The waitress/owner was lovely!  We will definitely definitely be heading back!!!I'm visiting Philly from LA. My daughter's housemate suggested we get dinner here at El Bocado. Just wow. We had fried fish, some pupusas, and a plantain fried with beef and crema. Everything was superb. The owners are a lovely young couple - sweet and caring.
I picked up the check - it would have been a bargain at twice the price (just over $30 for 3 people).
BYOB.Ordered take out. Ready quickly. Friendly service. Food was delicious: cheese pupusas we're still hot when we got them home and so fresh. My chicken with plantain chips was spiced to perfection. My toddler couldn't get enough of the rice that came with the chicken azada. And I heard the flan was great but my family didn't leave any for me. Definitely will order again.The owner was an incredible host which made the experience so meaningful. Wonderful hospitality and the Guisado was great. I paired it with fried plantains which was more than enough food (even for two). Will definitely come back. Also try the blackberry and yellowberry juice!It is a triangular restaurant with several tables. The waitress is very enthusiastic and warm. I would like to order fish but unfortunately no fish today, then the waitress recommended me to order a shrimp dish cooked with tomato, onions and sweet red pepper and rice, beans and chips. It's delicious. And it is so much that I even cannot finish them.Wish there were more places like El Bocado. Great food at fair prices with exceptionally friendly service. Five stars all the way.Tasty food, incredibly pleasant service, good prices. Family owned place with authentic food. We'll definitely be back!One of my most frequented take out spots and one of the many restaurants that make south Philly such a special neighborhood for food!! Seriously. The counter person/server/owner(?) is super friendly and helpful despite the lunch and dinner rush. I always get the pupusas and elotes and loved all of the combo plates I've tried so far. It's pretty vegetarian friendly as well! The portions are generous enough for leftover lunch the next day too which is always a plus.My friend and I have been looking forward to having lunch here and finally had an opportunity to go today. The food is delicious. We had Pupusas because that was the main reason we wanted to dine here. They are fabulous and we also had Pastelitos which was equally delicious. Can't wait to go back to try other items on the menu. Also I cannot say enough about the service, it was equally as good as the food.I'm so glad to have found a spot in South Philly for real pupusas! I grew up eating Salvadoran food and was disappointed when I moved to Philly a decade ago and couldn't find anything that tasted like home. El Bocado hits the spot, and the team couldn't be more friendly and welcoming. I recommend the Salvadoran Sampler (with a few extra orders of pupusas for good measure), but have enjoyed everything I've tried here and look forward to further exploring the menu.So happy to learn about this restaurant! I have been in love with pupusas for a few years now, and have been searching for a good one in Philadelphia. And finally, the search is over! These pupusas are very good and very affordable! I highly recommend and I can't wait to dine again!Just moved to the area. Checked out this restaurant tonight and we are DEFINITELY going back. Delicious Salvadoran and Mexican food. Excellent service. Reasonably priced. Sufficient seating. Family-friendly. The food was fresh, good portions and simply delicious. This will be our go-to take out place. At the owners' recommendation, we had a sampling of pupusas (grilled, not fried) -- try the revuelta, mexicana and loroco y queso. Also had the Churrasco Salvadoreno - the steak was delightful, pico do gallo fresh and tangy, but we couldn't stop eating the mixed rice and beans. When we asked what was in it, the owner said they add garlic oil to give it a creaminess. Forgot to mention there is complementary homemade tortilla chips dotted with beans and cheese accompanied by a spicy salsa/sauce which we wanted to bottle and take home.We had been hearing about this place for some time. We finally went and all I can say is that we should have gone sooner. Everything was fResh, delicious and served by the owner. We cannot wait to go back. Try it and not only will you have wonderful food but you will support a wonderful couple who cooks and serves the food with pride.Spectacular food and super-attentive & friendly service. The maduros, papusas, sopa de res, churrasco, and the arroz were all fantastic. You will not be disappointed. El Bocado is a great addition to the neighborhood!SO GOOD. I'm gluten free and there are so many great options here for me! The tacos are very fresh and the mango juice is to die for. DeliciousI can't speak more highly of this place. I had heard good things about it, but finally after trying it for myself I can attest that this place is amazing. 
I've been several times now and the food has always been excellent. I'm not typically a burrito person, but their burritos are unique, fresh and delicious. The elote is also amazing and a must try - a mixture of corn, mayo and crema. 
Once when I was picking up an order to-go they forgot to give me the Mexican Cokes I ordered and I made it all the way home before I realized. I walked back and they were very apologetic saying "oh, next time give us a call and we'll come drop it off." Even in spite of this, their service has always been great and the food has always arrived on time. 
I couldn't recommend this place more. If you haven't added this to your list yet, you must!Love this triangle shaped restaurant. Its more than just standard Mexican fare. This BYOB serves pupusas, tacos, & big meat platters. They have fresh juices that work as mixers and can do pitchers of them if you ask. The staff is really sweet!This place is SO good! Everything I have tried from there has been delicious, including the  fried plantains, camarones entomatados, guacamole and of course the pupusas. The pupusas are AMAZING! I love the bean and cheese ones and I can't wait to try their other varieties. The owners are friendly and very accommodating which made the dining in experience extra enjoyable. The food also holds up well as take out. This is definitely going to be my new go to spot.Reviews are right on.  Loved this place.  Friendly perfect service with a smile.  Authentic different entries.  Delicious.  Ambiance.  Will def go back next time we visit Philadelphia !!!Had high expectations based on others reviews but was pretty disappointed. We tried the enchiladas, quesadilla, and fish tacos and weren't really impressed. The dishes were not very flavorful and had no spice. Their salsa verde was good, but they didn't have any spicy salsa or even mild salsa. Elote was just corn and crema, no lime or chili. Pupusas were good.I just unabashedly shoveled two pupusas into my face in a park full of people... Those pupusas were on point! Definitely going back to try their other offerings. Also who ever took my order was a delightful human being!Found another hidden gem today. El Bocado exceeded my expectations. The service/food/and prices left nothing more to be desired.
My friend and I both ordered different tacos. The tacos were stuffed with meat, veggies, and Oaxaca cheese and extremely fresh. A simple but delicious meal. 
The waitress was extremely sweet and accommodating. Everything on the menu is reasonably priced. I hope this restaurant can make it because it is seriously authentic and deliciousThis place is amazing. The enchiladas Mexicanas are the best enchiladas I've ever had. The pupusas are so tasty, and the owner is the sweetest!!!What's better than the food? - the customer service. The woman who took care of us was so sweet and personable, her alone could make us come back. We started with cheese pupusas - cheesy crunchy goodness topped with a slaw that added the perfect acidity. My friend got the red enchiladas, and I got the pollo con tajadas. Fried chicken on top of a bed of fried green bananas. This dish was an incredible, I could never describe the flavors. For such an unassuming exterior, this place blew us away. It's our new favorite Mexican food in this pocket of the city. We will be back!!Amazing food and friendly service. We were very happy to find this little gem. You could tell everything was really fresh. And the chips and salad they bring out to every table are AMAZING.  And I must comment again on how over the top friendly the staff was!This place really exceeded my expectations. It's such a cute authentic restaurant, we will definitely be back. We stopped by to try the seafood soup but they weren't making any that day. We shared pupusas and the camarones entomatados. Everything was delicious and the customer service was great.MY FIRST 5/5 STARS RESTAURANT. The food, staff, atmosphere, service, timely manner, noise level, neighborhood, everything is PERFECT. I wish everyone knew how amazing this place is but also hope not because I don't want it to get so popular and wait in line! Everything is made hot and fresh, even the complimentary chips. I don't know what to say about this place other than that IT IS PERFECT MEXICAN PLACE IN PHILLY!With heavy heart I have to take a star out. The lady at the restaurant is so nice and friendly. One of the best customer service I've encountered. I ordered an al pastor tacos. It's generously filled with nicely seasoned pork. However it's missing pineapple flavor. Most importantly, they need to improve the packaging of the tacos. They were wrapped in paper with slices of limes so when I opened it it didn't look appetizing. 
Churros: Fresh and super crunchy, so good.
Bean pupusas: a lot of fillings. When I ate it by itself it has not much flavor but when I dipped it into the sauce, it's pretty delicious and flavorful. 
Plantains: not overly charred and not greasy. Chunky slices of plantains and pretty big portion sizeAs a longtime Philly resident, I know what having a favorite spot is like. This is totally different. I've even considered leaving a review online before - but everything should know how great this place is! 
I went to El Bocado to grab takeout during the week with a friend after seeing how busy they were the previous weekend. We met the owner, who is extremely sweet and helpful. Within 10 minutes (tops), we were out the door. The food was delicious. We ordered the Churrasco Salvadoreno, chips/guac and their tacos bolos (carnitas and pescado). Everything was GREAT.
I decided to stop by the next week and was shocked the owner had held onto my Raybans I left behind. She literally saved my vacation! It was such a kind gesture. She mentioned she remembered I lived in the area and was hoping she would see me and be able to return them. 
Food is amazing - and service is even better (if possible). I'm moving out of Philly, but I plan to come get takeout/bring my friends whenever I return to the city (or need takeout). 
Anyone looking for an authentic Mexican spot needs to try this place! I seriously wish the owner the best - she clearly loves this place and her customers!Coming from NOVA where Salvadoran food spots are a dime a dozen I was so excited that one opened up in South Philly!! I raced to try it. Pupusas are.... a soft spot for me.... 
However ;( mine did not have enough pork and cheese in it resulting in the flavor being a little bland and I had multiple bites of just plain dough. I will however try it again because again.. pupusas are my weakness. Four stars really for just existing in Philadelphia.It's kind of hard to describe how amazing this place is. We got the pupusas, one jalapeño and cheese, one mixed pork, beans and cheese, and one that [full disclosure] I don't remember. All I know is that they were amazing. My family got the mixed platter with pork, steak, chicken, and shrimp with rice and beans, which was amazing as well. We also got the Salvadoran enchiladas, which I didn't have any of  but they definitely looked good. My little brother got the chicken and cheese quesadillas, which also looked good. The waitress was very nice and talked to us. 
All in all the place was amazing and I would definitely come back!BEST FRIENDLY SERVICE, EVER! Jackie is very sweet, genuine and caring. She's the one who told us about steak pupusas. It's not on the menu, but she told us about how they tried it out in-house and suggested we try it. I've had the pork pupusas, but the steak ones are so much better! 
Pupusas come with a sauce you can dip and a small bundle of a coleslaw type side. You have to make sure to get cheese in the pupusa along with your meat. I imagine it being very dry otherwise.
We also got the chicken burrito which was pretty good. Nothing to complain about!
Lastly, we ordered the elote, which is a corn dish. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS!! It's savory yet light.I stopped in once when I was getting a flat tire plugged down the street and now I'm grateful for that screw in my tire. The staff are friendly and helpful and the food is delicious. I keep going back for the pupusas which are delicious and a hell of a deal. I usually have a weird aversion to cornmeal based foods, but these are so good. I do like cheese, and the pupusas with cheese do not skimp. The loroco y queso, frijol y queso, and pupusa a la Mexicana are my favorites. They usually have a selection of aguas frescas too with some flavors you might not find elsewhere.This place is a great little spot!  What a neighborhood-y feel it has, and the food is AMAZING and so affordable!  We got quesadillas, carnitas, pupusa, lote, guacamole, shrimp tacos, and everything was delicious.  It's BYOB which is always fun.  Jackie was our waitress and I believe the owner and she was SO sweet, accommodating and attentive.  AND oh my goodness I can't forget the FLAN!  A great sized portion and so flavorful.  Cannot recommend this place enough!The pupusas was amazing. However, the pollo con tajadas was far from palatable. The fried chicken tasted bad/spoiled, and the food was way too saggy. More over, the bag the food came in had gum on it which ruined my work uniform. This is my first and last time ordering from this place.This is a hit, through and through!  The pupusas are phenomenal.  The elotes are fantastic.  The price point is so affordable and on top of that, it's bring your own alcohol.  I would recommend this joint to absolutely anybody.  I will be bringing my friends and family who visit Philly here.  It was such an experience.The food was so good! It took a little longer than expected to be prepared and the girl there offered me a soda on the house! She didn't have to do that. She was so sweet and apologetic. I didn't mind waiting and it was definitely worth the waitWe happened to walk by here a few weekends ago looking for some lunch. So happy we stopped in. Absolute best guacamole EVER. Our entrees were fantastic, and the flan was delicious. We will be returning many times! They also had great service. Highly recommend.Delicious food, generous portions, wonderful people and service. This is a great local spot that allows BYOB and has been so good to us during COVID.Delicious meal and very friendly service. We had pupusas and parillada platter, both of which were excellent. Meat and shrimp tender and juicy with a nice grilled flavor. Do wish things were a bit spicier but everything was still very flavorful. The little cabbage salad that came with the pupusas was especially delicious.Got food to go. The beans, rice, guacamole and chips were amazing. I will definitely be returning.This building has been vacant for a while, so we're happy that el bocado finally filled the spot. We get takeout here about once a week but have eaten in a few times, too. The staff/owner is Friendly and we're crazy about the pupusas.  The bean and cheese pupusas are to die for and even better if you get them to dine in.   Dining in or getting takeout is slow, so factor in additional time, but it's worth it. They're not always open during the posted hours so call before you go. They're a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.I'm not even joking when I say this is the best papusa I ever had. It was soooo fresh! Sooo delicious. Also very inexpensive. I was in philly for 3 days and I made sure to go twice. Loved it !! Great authentic el Salvadorian food.The food is amazing. You can tell that they put love into what they are doing. The service is exceptional,  so welcoming and friendly. Portions are very generous and prices are great
Come with an appetite.Due to the Chinese New Year, many restaurants I frequent were closed last week. It turned out that it was lucky for me, because being a few blocks from here, Yelp lead me to El Bocado. 
We were warmly welcomed and were able to pick a table of our choice. You get a plate of nachos and beans with a green and orange sauce on the house. The chips were crispy and the beans were very flavorful. The orange sauce had a little spice to it while the green one was mild. 
I had the sampler platter that was listed under appetizers. It was carb heaven and vegetarian friendly as well! I got a huge plate of freshly fried yuca topped with a light pickled cabbage, sweet plantains, corn tamale, and a pupusa of my choice. I went with the cheese and loroco (an edible flower). I stuffed my face and still took almost half of it home! 
My husband had the chicarones yuca appetizer and added a pupusa. He was so happy as the pork was very nostalgic for him as the taste reminded him of a dish his mother used to make. 
I ate my leftovers at work on Friday and they were just as tasty. The staff is very friendly and happy to answer questions about the menu. My husband was already talking about going back less than 24 hours from our meal. I'm looking forward to trying some other items on the menu.Absolutely wonderful service and food. I came by at 9:45 on a Tuesday eve after working all day, in from out of town, and just wanted something quick but substantial. I ordered a dish with a bit of everything(Parrillada) and it was extremely generous in size and prepared perfectly. The girl that helped me was really sweet and courteous. The furnishings are really basic but the prices are great and the charm of the staff is great.  I love this place and will be coming back lots!!This restaurant location is great, there is a public parking across the street and you get two free hours. Staff is very friendly and they are always making sure that you have everything that you need. 
The food is really good, lot if variety and taste like real hispanic food. I would recommend you try their "churrasco (steak)". Very good pricing.Perfect quaint little spot! Their pupusas are amazing and as authentic as you can get! Can't wait to try more on their menu!The best, and super fresh food! The Guacamole and Chips were fresh and delicious! The Tacos were so filling! The yucca was cooked perfectly. The staff was so friendly and attentive! Will definitely come back here when visiting the area, and probably when I'm craving delicious food!!