Generally I think Yelp is bullshit and I never write reviews. But I'm here constantly and I am completely preoccupied by their cubano breakfast sandwich. (actually a burrito) It is one of the most perfect things I've ever eaten.Love this place! Great atmosphere, perfect little backyard to drink my coffee in when it's warm enough, and an awesome staff. The food is great but I haven't been able to try as much as I wanted, as I tend to just stop here quickly before I get on my bus before work. But I can most definitely vouch for the sausage egg and cheese bagel, which as we all know, is the food of gods.Awesome! I live across the street and love the breakfast cubano! Be sure to ask for a side of the tasty chipotle aioli...so good! The staff are very friendly as well!I went here to kill time for an hour and was not disappointed. In fact, I can't wait to return. My sandwich was amazing. However, I don't like that they make you acknowledge a tip or not if you're paying with a card. They use a fancy-shmancy iPad thingy as a register and, after swiping your card, a screen pops up where you have to add the tip or decline. 
In my opinion, this creates an awkward exchange between the customer and the employee who is more likely than not, receiving a fair hourly wage and is not providing an additional service that warrants a tip. I gave a dolla... she did not holla.
In summary: Great food and I plan to return (with cash).This is the cutest little cafe spot I've been to yet. Parents came to visit and we experimented coming here. We sat down got our coffees quick and ordered the Cuban breakfast burrito. They've got a good menu, not to mention all they drinks they serve. First off the coffee was amazing, the owner said it was from Puerto Rico. He was also extremely nice and friendly. The food was a little greasy but I expect that with baked pork in my sandwich. My parents loved it (and they are picky!) and we are sure to return.Found this while waiting for a client. I was looking for a quick bite so i wasn't expecting too much. Boy was I surprised! I had the grilled cheese; Swiss, cheddar & American cheese mixed. I was excellent. When I venture up to this part of town again I'll def be coming back.Every time I biked past El Cafeito I would wonder what it was doing there. Amid cheap corner stores and empty warehouses was this little cafe that boasted fresh coffee and breakfast sandwiches with a Cuban kick. It looked like the owner actually cared about the appearance. My curiosity was peaked enough to go inside, and I'm damn glad I did. 
   The food, coffee, service and ambience are all great. The options range from the cheap breakfast sandwiches (complete with awesome homefries), to enormous Cuban sandwich burritos, to fresh pastries and sweets. Once, when I had to wait for the griddle to heat up, they gave me complimentary coffee. Places like this make a neighborhood.Amazingly hidden, and delightful. If you like spicy/hot food, get the Mexicano. Sit anywhere you'd like, after you place your order at the front.
It just doesn't get better than this place, in this area, or even in many other areas in the country. Everything tastes like it's been paid close attention to detail, like the cook actually enjoys what he is doing. I like when sandwiches include more than one meat in it, and this place executes that feature in almost, if not all, sandwiches. Again, amazing place, with amazing employees.My boyfriend and I ate here in October and we loved it! I got a cappuccino and he got a fresh smoothie and we split a Cuban.  It was so delicious and tender my mouth is watering just thinking about it! I have nothing bad to say about this place.First time here and ordered the Cubano, and I was highly disappointed. The mustard did not compliment the sandwich well, too overpowering. Take out the ham and just leave the pork n cheese in probably would be better.
Sorry guys, but El Punto does better with Cuban sandwiches. 
I must say, your cafe is a great place to sit, relax and have breakfast though. Very berry cute!This amazing coffee house with Latin influences has one of the best breakfast burritos I've ever had. The Cuban sandwich is well known in south Florida...roast pork, ham, Swiss cheese, and pickles all on a soft sub-like bread that is pressed in a Panini press or on a grill...the variation at El Cafeleito substitutes avocado for pickles and adds egg in a flour tortilla that is pressed on the flat top. The roast pork is expertly prepared and perfectly seasoned and goes very well with the house made spicy tomatillo sauce that accompanies this awesome creation. After devouring this culinary masterpiece, my wife and I both commented as to why there wasn't a line out the door? Very friendly staff and a comfortable dinning area make this a welcome addition to my breakfast rotation.Fantastico!  I just moved away, and already miss the delicious coffee and donuts.  Delightful owners and staff, and dog friendly - I'm sure the new patio will be a hit this summer.  Very reasonably priced, and a surprising variety of fare.Can't go by the area without stopping here for a good sandwich Cubano. The bread has always been very fresh, melts in your mouth. The pulled pork used is well seasoned.the best latin breakfast place in the city
great food
love it, love itAbsolutely delicious hot sandwiches made from scratch (the Mexicano is spicy chopped chicken and chorizo with lettuce, tomato, avocado on grilled crack bread) ... A really pleasant, little cafe tucked away off the main drags. This one is a must do, folks.Headed down to try this place for breakfast. Ordered their signature Cecil B which is an English muffin filled with my choice of cheese, meat, egg and a side of home fries. I got bacon and American along with a black cup of coffee. As usual in this area, fresh and delicious. Some of the potatoes were a tad undercooked though. The coffee was strong but I like it that way so I highly recommend it. Check them out when you can.Must go to place - amazing food, good service - great art on the walls - outdoor setting in the summer. great great greatWent here for lunch with a few co-workers who recommended it.  I would have to say  I very much enjoyed my visit. The folks working there were very friendly and made you feel welcomed.  I ordered a Dominicano and the sandwich was delicious; you can tell the meats and vegetables are fresh. I also enjoy the calm and relaxing atmosphere as well. If you want to go to a nice coffee house to get a good sandwich then go here.BEST CUBAN SANDWICH in the city! I actually go the extra mile and add bacon as well.  Can't wait to try their other sandwiches. Coffee is really good too...perfect little cafe spot close to homeGreat spot! Friendly faces, good prices, good macchiato. Will come again to try food. 
Wifi, clean and cute. 
**Need evening hours for midterm and final seasonsWe cycled over from New Jersey just to try the famous Cuban Sandwich and we were not disappointed. The meat was perfectly seasoned, all the ingredients were fresh and the flavor on this sandwich was amazing. Probably the second best Cuban sandwich I have had thus far. 
Adding on to the experience was the great atmosphere brought on by the outside picnic style patio. Good place to relax, read a book, eat some great food, and take in the sun in the summer. 
I take one star off because the iced tea was not freshly brewed. It was made with a tea bag and some cold water - disappointing and do not recommend it. The spicy mocha also let me down because it was not very spicy. 
In the end I would return to this place and would even bike through the snow from Jersey just to get another bite of their Cuban sandwich. But would avoid ordering the iced tea.Cute little place on a quiet kensington corner.  I love the outside space and the inside was great too!   The inside was also great with board games for use and lots of art on the walls.  The owners are super nice and the food was great.  I was not a huge fan of their smoothie, it was too sweet, but everything else was great.  Nice place for a casual breakfast/lunch bite.   If you are looking for a basic cute cafe with decent food, its a great place to try out.  Their desserts are fantastic and homemade.Possibly the best kept secret in the Fishtown/Kensington area. Olga and Ossie make you feel as if they are having you into their home. The coffee is fantastic and the food is unmatched. The Breakfast Cubano was AAA+++! If you desire "different/better/perfect/wonderful" then this is the horse to bet on.I would like to echo everyone else's glowing comments- this place is great! Minus 1 star for poor ventilation inside, just be aware you will leave smelling like food (and for a kinda slow kitchen). Luckily, it's great food- I had a vegetarian cubano, and can't wait to come back and try the house-made veggie burger!
It looks like the back patio area was newly installed, and I can't wait to sit out there this spring and enjoy another cafe con leche! No umbrellas or trees for shade, so it might be too hot to sit out there in the summer.
Also in the works, so they say: brunch! Yippee!It doesn't matter what you buy here coffee, pastries, sandwiches, specials. You will always return to try something new. Friendly staff and environment. One of the better cafes in Philadelphia.amazing sandwiches. good coffee. free wireless. friendly staff and customers.  definitely has a neighborhood feel which because it is a diverse neighborhood is great-- its nice to have a place where the little old latina lady and the temple art student can come together and share a coffee.
the only complaint is that there is not good ventilation and that means that you always smell like grilled sandwiches when you leave if you have sat for a while.  but that seems to be the way these things work as it is the same in many other local coffee shops (e.g. rocket cat)Super cute and small place. ... Perfect for breakfast. I ordered a cafe con leche ( which translates to coffee with milk) and a Cubano breakfast sandwich...  Which has roasted pork, Swiss cheese, avocado, and an egg in a tortilla. Delicious !OMG!!!!! Welcome to flavor town yelpers!! Wish I hadn't wondered into this cafe, I can kiss my diet goodbye. The Cuban sandwich is Onpoint! Really, meat to bread ratio is perfect with plenty of flavors. Stop reading and go there NOW. Thank me laterWow.  El Cafeito is the anti-other-kenso-coffee-shop (you know who you are).  
The coffee is perfect as it is prepared correctly with no misses.  
As for the food I've only tried the Mallorca based on a friend's recommendation because I simply cannot get past it.  It is indescribably good.
Moreover, the staff is as friendly as can be.  This may not be important to some people but an early morning smile/scowl can make/break my day.  I prefer the kind greeting to the once over any day.  Again, you know who you are!
El Cafeito is proof that our neighborhood is becoming a great place to live.  What more do I need?My favorite place for delicious sandwiches and some good black coffee. Glad it's back on business, and sad that I only knew recently of its comeback! Looking forward to checking in more regularly. Would recommend to anyone.Recently moved down the street and I tried this place out for the first time and I already know I'm going to be a regular. Tried a Cuban Sandwich for the first time or "Cubano" and it was the most amazing thing I've ever had in my life. Pulled pork, thinly sliced ham, pickles, chipotle mayo, and mustard. Just amazing. Staff is very friendly as wel!!Well, after being disappointed to learn that my favorite neighborhood hangout had closed, I was excited when I found out that it had reopened and stopped in for breakfast with an out of town friend a couple of days later. I had raved so much about the place, he was excited to try it.
They have a new owner, new management and all new staff. Let me start off by saying that the young lady working the counter was very nice. That was about the only good thing about my visit. 
I ordered a small caramel latte with an extra shot, and my usual egg white and avacado omelet. After explaining four times that by "extra shot", i meant an extra shot of espresso, my coffee came out with the regular amount of espresso and extra caramel. It was like diabetes in a cup and i couldn't drink it.
I had to tell her how the omelet was supposed to be plated up. The food was okay, but somehow different than it was before when Hector was cooking. 
Several of my friends have had negative experiences, and I, like them am sad to say that I will probably not be going back to what used to be my favorite place in all of Philadelphia.Nice little luncheonette off the beaten path. You will find pastellitos de guayaba, quality coffee & pressed sandwiches here.
I always go with the Cubano. 
It's good to see the word is out on this place. It's definitely a bright spot in the neighborhood. I hope it sticks around.Saw this place on yelp and decided to try it today, as I'm into Latin American food.
Wow! Cozy little cafe with an interesting menu. The stuffed French Toast was great as was the iced spicy mocha. The location is great, as I live in the Temple area - not too far from either Temple nor Northern Liberties. Safe to say I'll be back!I finally made my way to this popular,
South Kensington spot. When you first enter, you're immediately welcomed by the smells of authentic Puerto Rican spices! The food is well seasoned & delicious. There's literally something for everyone, from the carnivore in the family to the pickiest eater. The owner, Ana is very friendly & everything is crafted to order.  Fresh ingredients & passion are the first 2 things that go into everything she makes! The atmosphere is casual with a  boho feel throughout. I can't wait for breakfast next!http://www.elcafeito.com/
Why people don't flock to this place, I'll never know.  Went for a late breakfast/brunch today.
My companion got a Cubano breakfast wrap, with delicious pulled pork, avocado, and scrambled eggs.
I got that beautiful stuffed french toast.  You can't tell from the picture, but between each layer of bread there were blueberries, blackberries, raspberries and strawberries, intermingling with some type of really fluffy cheese, maybe a Latino type whipped cheese.  The cheese filling is very light, not overly sweet.  You can get it with either berries, or guava, which is also very good.  The berries were good quality.
We also got an order of pork sausage patties, two that were the size of coasters.  They have other sausages as well, like chorizo, and bacon is available.
Two large good strong hot coffees, with one refill.  Total bill $18.76.
Its not fancy, the staff brings your food to the table, but other than that, there is a coffee station.  Its just really good, and very resonably priced.
Go.It was love at first sight with the Boricua sandwich! It's probably one of the most flavorful pork sandwiches I've had. It was loaded with tons of pork and good to the last bite. You will come back for more!! The area is a little skitchy so the restaurant closes at 5:00pm. Boo! It's a small cozy spanish establishment with outdoor seating in the back. The staff are friendly and prices are pretty reasonable. Come hungry and try the Boricua or the Cubano they are tasty.Good food, friendly staff and nice outside eating area. Come hungry because portions are great and eat the Cubano sandwich!Happy to find good breakfast and good coffee in walking distanceI love this place and it's great to see small cafes open in what was once a desolate run-down area.  The vegetarian cubano is amazing and coffee here is great. All of the pastries are made in-house and are delish (if available, try the Dulce de Leche Cake). They have a cute outside seating area and I can't wait to enjoy brunch outside in the summer.  The service is exceptional but they do get busy on the weekends so you may have to wait a little while for your food.  It's definitely worth checking out this hidden gem.Was in north philly on the hunt for a cuban sandwich and found a great one at this very pleasant cafe. Followed it up with a cafe con leche. Will be back for more.Great coffee. Rather expensive menu but the food is high quality.
My reasoning for three stars is because it takes a long time to get your food, the place is poorly ventilated so the smell sticks to your clothes, and the hours are all over the place.
The wi-fi is great here, and usually is pretty fast. I keep coming back for the coffee and their sandwiches, but order in advance...it's usually quicker that way.There is something really special about this cafe, and I am more impressed every time I go. So far, I have enjoyed the cafe con leche, cubano, and huge breakfast sandwiches. Each one of these gets 5 stars!! The staff is very nice and everything is made quickly. I will definitely be a regular here even though it's not in my neighborhood.The cafe con leche is truly excellent.  I also had a good oatmeal raisin cookie.  I'm already looking forward to a reason to return, have a full meal, and spend some more time there.This place is awesome!  
I was a bit skeptical to check out this place based on the locale--I ride my bike down Cecil B most days, and I had never really noticed anywhere that I would want to enjoy a cup of tea and a sandwich. 
When I finally stopped in, I felt like kicking myself for not checking it out sooner.  The coffee is delicious, and the menu is wonderful.  There are tons of great sandwiches; last time my boyfriend had the breakfast cubano while I had a roast-beef sandwich (i can't remember exactly what was on it, but it was great).  
The atmosphere is also nice; there is comfortable seating, nice lighting, and free wifi.  This is my new favorite coffee shop.El Cafeito is a surprise gem in my neighborhood. Their wifi doesn't go down as much as Rocket Cat's and they have a good selection of food and drink.I'm very sad to say I don't think I'll be coming back to El Cafeito after my experience with the new management.the food is AWESOME. the atmosphere is chill and not hipster--you can come in here even if you're an adult and wear clothes that you bought new. The cubano--breakfast or lunch--is incredible and the sauce that goes with is addictive! Coffee and pastries are perfect and wonderfully fresh.  only down side, i will agree, is the kitchen is pretty slow. i'm not sure why, but it is. but at least there are comfy seats to sit in while you wait.I seriously love this place! It's right by my house, so I come here and sit and study allllllll day. The coffee and food are both delish, and the owners come by and fill up my coffee when it gets empty. Everyone here, staff and customers alike, is friendly and nice. The atmosphere is comfortable and the music is good.This is my favorite coffee shop! 
The selection of food is excellent, everything is well prepared and very clearly made with love, and there are nice little twists on things... for instance, one of their sandwiches (the Dominicano, I believe) comes with sweet plantain mayo! Their baked goods are always fresh; I usually go for their quesitos which are probably the best I've ever had. 
The coffee they serve is also excellent, they serve the highly sought-after La Colombe, make a killer cafe con leche, and also serve the super-strong La Hacienda (you can also buy whole beans here!)
One star off for the slow service, but if I could I would give them 4 1/2 
Try this place out! Support this place! I am so glad my friend showed it to me; it provide much better food/ service/ atmosphere compared to the other coffee houses around... not pretentious, just super-friendly.If I think about the Mexicano sandwich, I am doomed, and so is my poor boyfriend, because absolutely nothing else will satisfy me. Luckily, the mere mention of the Cubano is normally enough to get him on the same page.
This place is so jaw-droppingly excellent, from atmosphere to food to the people to the coffee, that I literally have a little dance that I do to indicate that it's "Cafeito time."
I'm not crazy. I'm not even eccentric. It's just that good.First impression wasn't the best... I called to check on their hours, and the women on the phone was like "WHO IS THIS??  WHY DO YOU WANT TO KNOW?"  I thought she misheard me and said "I just want to know what your hours are today."  "WHO ARE YOU??"  I started getting annoyed at this point and yelled "well I WANT to be a CUSTOMER"... and she apologized profusely and said she thought I wanted to know HER shift hours, and not the store's hours.  HA!
Well after all this I still went to pick up lunch... small place, no one eating there but a number of people ordering sandwiches to go.  I ordered the Cubano and Mexicano.  They were both tasty although the Cubano was too salty.  The Mexicano definitely had some spice, which meant I couldn't eat too much of it at once, but my husband loved it.  The flavors in their sandwiches are definitely bold and pack a punch, if you're into that.  After the phone conversation I was expecting some crabby people, but everyone there seemed low key and nice.
If I lived or worked nearby, I'd be there all the time to try out all their breakfast sandwich options... they all sounded like a great way to start off the day, especially if you were out too late drinking too much the night before.Literally everything is amazing here. 
This is one of those places that is literally in the middle of nowhere and could not be any more cuter and perfectly fitting of what you'd expect from that. 
The stuffed french toast is a MUST HAVE for brunch fans and all the different breakfast sandwiches are absolutely delicious. 
Get those fries/home fries! So friggin' good. Wonderfully spice and oh so tasy. I feel like this is getting more and more generic of a review but it is so good. This is one of those places I take everyone to when they're visiting Philly. 
Also, try some desserts. They're all homemade and really neat. Their little Cheesecakes are quite interesting and can be damn good. Make sure to share with someone though, because finishing one by yourself can definitely be nauseating.
This is a must-visit place.Closing their doors Friday 4/15. 
Oh well. Fare thee well....Absolutely my favorite restaurant, hands down.  I don't even know where to begin.
The staff is great and cheerful.  There is seasonal outdoor seating available.  But even if they've taken the tables in for the season, they will put one on the patio for you if you request it.  They've even stayed open late for me so that I could come grab some food (and they didn't mind my eating it THERE) right before closing.
I'm a vegetarian and while I haven't tried their (home-made) veggie burger yet, it's on my list.  I usually stick with the egg white and avocado omelet, or the veggie cubano.  On days where I can't decide which to get, they give me and egg white and avocado omelet ON a veggie cubano sandwich.  Now that's awesome service!
The coffee is fabulous, desserts are delicious and fresh, they offer free wi-fi and they regularly rotate the artwork/artist that they feature throughout the cafe.
It does take a little "long" (though not really) to get your food as everything is made from scratch to order, and there is only one cook on each shift.  It's well worth stopping in, they deeply appreciate everyone that walks through their doors.  They have recently extended their hours to 7pm, so if you're in the area and want an early dinner, definitely give it a shot.While out on a business trip searched YELP for places to eat.  This rated 4.5 stars and had pictured some good looking food pics.  Long story short.  I'm not from Philly, I take a cab ride from Old City.  I get dropped off in a shady looking neighborhood.  I eat ok food in a smokey small diner.  A guy sneezes, I  mean SNEEZES, on my food and drink on his way out.  He offers to buy me new food.  He takes my untouched food to go and the owner whips me up a new plate.  I'm ready to leave, not a taxi in sight.  The owner tells me how to get to the nearest train station 3-4 long blocks away.  I walk thru the shady neighborhood and closed down factory, stop off at a rickety liquor store to by my token for the train and ride home.  Didn't feel safe at all.  Not worth the trouble even though food was good. I think I could have stayed in Old City and had a better experience at the local Cuban restaurant.  I wish other reviewers mentioned that this "well kept secret" was in a shady area.So glad I found another mini cafe spot! This isn't a typical service/waitress spot. You order at the counter, take a seat, and they bring you the food/coffee once it's finished.
Breakfast Cubano - Greasy, but it's soooo good! Full of flavor and a very nice size too. I couldn't finish the whole thing.
Mexicano - Also very very delicious. So flavorful. When the person brought out our food, the person that came in to order ended up ordering it because it looked and smelled so good. They put enough meat in it so you're not eating just bread at the end. I hate places that skimp on meat and then I'm left with a ton of bread. Not this place!
Didn't get to try the baked goods. The lady at the counter said it's all homemade. I wish I had enough room in my belly to try some. They looked wonderful!This was one of the most amazing restaurants and cafes I've ever been to! I found this cafe from Yelp. My friend and I actually had to call T finding it, but once we dead, we ended up having the best experience! The food is amazing and very well priced. Everything we ate with absolutely delicious! From stuffed french toast to an egg omelet special too homemade pastries and everything in between! The owner we're extremely nice and meet our experience even more enjoyable! This is definitely a place that not only would I return to, but that I would highly recommend that everyone try and bring your friends to as well!I work right around the corner from the Cafeito, so it's very convenient, but I am consistently surprised about how awesome this place is. It's very clean, and has a friendly atmosphere. I'm a big supporter of locally owned businesses and this one is great.
Veggie Cubano! Si Se Puede!Ah-mazing. It was hard to finally catch them during open hours but now that it's nice out it's easier to make it for brunch/lunch.  Chai tea tastes like sugary milk, but I'm still giving 5 stars because their food is the bees knees.  $3.50 breakfast sandwich and pulled pork? I'm in heaven.  Plus, the atmosphere is very nice and the service is friendly.El Cubano Sandwich, believe that!!I love coming here in the early morning with a book for coffee and breakfast. 
Staff is super friendly, baked goods are awesome for a grab-and-go.I came craving so much a good  Cubano sandwich and a cefecito( el Cafecito is the name of this place) 
They did not have pickles for the Cubano:( I they did not know what I was talking about when I asked for a cefecito :((((( the name of the place is EL CAFECITO! (Cafecito is basically an espresso with sugar made from highly roasted coffee beans) 
So, they did not have any of the things I wanted but I still wanted to give it a try. I order the Boriqua sandwich which is a Cubano sandwich minus the pickle and with the addition of lettuce. The pork was delicious, spices were well balanced except for the salt, it was a little on the salty side but still tasted very good. 
I will go again to try their famous Cubano sandwich, im sure it will be good and I will update my review.People who think there's nothing to do in Kensington are wrong. Cafeito is such a treasure, I almost don't want to write this review and let the cat out of the bag on this well-kept-secret. The Cubano and North Third sandwiches are to die for, as are their homemade hot sauces. The only thing better is the amazing service from the friendly folks who work here. 
This is a great spot for brunch or lunch, but also a nice place to plop down with a laptop or book and enjoy the free wi-fi while getting some work done. Too bad they are open such limited hours.