Loved the nachos, best in chestnut hill hands down! Waitress wasn't friendly and service was slow. More than an hour for just nachos and a rice bowl!!! I felt unloved and underappreciated.  I hope she learns to move as fast as my bowels after this dining experience (and thats a positive).We live in Chestnut Hill within walking distance of this restaurant so it is an easy choice especially if it is a pretty Spring night and you want to sit outside, We have been going to El Poquito since its opening. The first time we went the food was good, certainly enough to bring us back. The next time we came the food was not all that good. Not horrible - we thought the chef may have had an off night. Since then, however, the food has gone down hill to the point of it no longer being a place we would go to eat. My husband's tacos were bland and the chicken I got in my dish was so under cooked that I could not eat 3/4's of it. One of our friend's order a mojito and was told they were out of mint! Are you kidding me? We joked that they should be growing mint in the garden! Okay, so that's the food.  But that is not all.  The hosts were rude and unaccommodating.  Just so you know, the restaurant does not take reservations for outside. If you make a reservation, be prepared to eat inside where it is so noisy you cannot hear yourself talk with anyone across the table or wait for an hour and a half so they can seat the walk ins who came in before you because it is a first come- first served policy.  Am I crazy or does that seem a little bass ackwards?  The hosts acted as if we were a pain in the you know what and it was not until two people in our party walked up the street to The Chestnut Grill to look for an outside seat that suddenly an outside table appeared. I wish we had left and gone to another restaurant. El Poquito is expensive and a waste of money. Many restaurants have come and gone from this space, and I suspect this restaurant will find the same fate if they keep treating their customers badly and serving them disgusting food. The one star I did give for this restaurant is solely for the outdoor seating. Maybe you can sit with a drink and not eat. Then it may be worth it.Would be 5 star if better wait staff.     Excellent food!!!!  The rice bowl and grilled corn were good    The black beans were great.My husband and I were very excited that a legit Mexican restaurant was opening near us and we weren't disappointed.  Unlike some reviewers I found the portions to be perfect.  I could barely finish my third Baja (fried fish) taco.  Everything tasted extremely fresh and was cooked just right.  The guacamole was super- I like it simple, chunky and flavorful.  The Sangria was delicious and the cheese quesadillas from the kid's menu was a big hit for our 4 year old.  The service was DYNAMITE.  Both times we have visited we were totally impressed with the speediness and attention to detail by the servers.  When I came back from the powder room my napkin was folded!  FANCY.Second time to this restaurant, first time everything was spot on, today still good, but some inconsistencies. My Carnitas Tacos were spot on, but the Grilled corn was not grilled but instead boiled or steamed, missing that nice tasty char that makes it special, easy enough to do with any kind of fire, like say, a gas burner. Not sure what happened, the description said grilled. Second, my girlfriends French Toast was described as having plantains on it, but instead had bananas, picky maybe, but a completely different flavor and texture. These little inconsistencies didn't ruin brunch, but I like to see what the menu describes actually end up on the plate, or have someone tell me about the substitution.Came out with friends for a birthday dinner.   Ordered chips and guac and they were very good.  We also had a round of margaritas.   It was hard to decide which tacos we wanted so we split a bunch.   All so good and tasted fresh.  We then ordered the skillet cookie for dessert which was also very good.   I paid with a gift card I received a few months back.  The waitress came back and said it had a balance of $0, which was not true as it was never used.  She grabbed the manager and they tried again will still a $0 balance.   The manager then said it may have been an error on their part and took our word for it.  Very nice customer service!    I loved eating outside and enjoying the wonderful weather.    I need to pick another night to go with friends again.We dined last night with a 6:00 PM reservation on Open Table. We were seated quickly and ordered drinks and one appetizer. Service was good but we then waited 45 minutes for three taco orders. Really? The restaurant was only two thirds full.
The waitress apologized for the long wait but gave no explanation. Food was O.K. but nothing special. Noise level was high even though they were not full. I would not recommend this restaurant as there are many better in the area.The location is good with nice outside seating. The food is average at best, but  unauthentic. The real problem was the price, in my opinion it is outrageous. I have been a few times hoping that it would get better to justify the price. The staff is hit or miss. I have had a very bad interaction, mediocre interaction, as well as excellent service. There is so much potential for the location and I truly hope they turn this place into something special.Located in lovely Mt Airy which holds much love and fond memories for me since we once lived in Philadelphia. 
On a balmy summer night, it was with friends that we decided to dine at El Poquito. 
We were seated outside, cocktails and food items offered, fireflies overhead, we enjoyed joyous convo and food, I found El Poquito to be a jocund location. 
Will return someday.I had high hopes, especially as someone who lived in the California Bay Area for 7 years, but similar to others we left disappointed.  In short - 5 star atmosphere, 1 star service, 2 star food.  We made a 6:30 pm reservation on the evening of Memorial Day and we're seated immediately at a nice table outside.  We were excited.  Ordered shrimp ceviche, carnitas tacos, veracruz tacos for the adults and a chicken taco for our toddler.  Even though we put in the order right after we got there and got the ceviche appetizer about 15 minutes later, it took an additional 45 minutes to get our entrees (7:45 PM)!  The place was half full and and 2 guys sat next to us 15 minutes after we go there and had a 2 course meal and were paying their check as we were getting our entrees.  Needless to say, making a toddler wait an hour for food is criminal - there's only so far crayons can get you.  
Our waitress barely apologized, it almost seemed as if she was avoiding us.  Luckily, the manager noticed, and took our drinks and kids meal off the check and profusely apologized.  It would have been all good if the food was amazing, but it wasn't.
- carnitas tacos - good - but hard to mess up anywhere
- veracruz tacos - terrible.  would never use cod for fish tacos.  Oily, bland, fishy tasting.  Got to use mahi mahi or wahoo.  Would have been much better if they defrosted the Trader Joe's fish veracruz and put that on some corn tortillas.  And by the way, these were severed on flour tortillas which is only ok if you're going to taco bell.  
- salsa verde - way too much lime
- ceviche - tasted kind of syrupy, and not served with chips so there's nothing to cut that taste
Because of the atmosphere and location and the manager coming over and apologizing we'll consider giving it another shot, but for now it just left a sour taste in our mouths and cranky toddler to deal with who got home past her bedtime.Horrible service. Server didn't introduce herself or follow up after bringing water to the table, we had to flag her down. After long wait from the kitchen the server forgot about us and brought food out cold.  Taco soup and pork tacos were not good and inedible.  Fajitas would have been okay if they weren't cold.  Server was unfriendly and inattentive.Awesome guac, great sangria, yummy pulled purl tacos, but very slow. Unapolagetic service.It's Chestnut Hill so it has a price tag but honestly, it's not worth the hype. Nothing tastes freshly made or made in-house for that matter, the only tasty part of my meal was the Margarita.This is one of my favorite restaurants. I live in California now and I always enjoy coming back here for the tacos. No joke. Engage the bartender if you can, and drink some real drinks. I usually drink tequila and tecate, and skip margaritas. The house special, La Casa, always works for me. Ask about the Sangrita that comes with La Casa. Ceviche, tacos, booze, beer, solid bar tending and table service. The kitchen still keeps it tight after two years on the block. Everything is excellent. High end street food. A great building, with a nice room upstairs. For me it is always happy dining. If you care about price per serving, and like to make a big deal bout how expensive things are, you'll complain about El Poquito.I thought that the food here was really good. I got the fajitas for two people and split and I was impressed with the cook of the meat. When I went there this summer, I tried to order an horchata and they said they did 't have any. Then I asked them if they will have some later and they said "we don't make them." Besides that, I thought that this restaurant was a great place with great food. Definitely coming back (with my own horchata from whole foods)Recently found this place and I wish I did a long time ago. Great bar, great food, and great atmosphere. The korean bbq and bahn mi tacos are ridiculously good. I've never had tacos with this much flavor. Most of all though, the happy hour drinks are cheap and legit. Most places that have $6 happy hour margaritas, you are paying for a glass that this primarily triple sec and the rest is crappy tequila. These were strong and the tequila was not bottom shelf. Def worth a visit if you like mexican food (even if you like korean bbq or vietnamese too).1 star is being kind to a restaurant with a snotty hostess and manager who treat guests with open table reservations as second class citizens if they are 2 older people who didn't reserve specific tables. Otherwise you are relegated to loud cramped 2 seaters and told to take it or leave it. We left it! First restaurant I've walked out of over poor treatment before I sat down. Never coming back. Ever!Can get expensive if you want to go for drinks at the end of the week because there is no happy hour on Friday. This is kind of a downer for my friends and I who look forward to a few drinks with no work on Saturday. Korean BBQ tacos, carnitas tacos, and vegetarian tacos are delicious. You have a choice of getting 3 or 4. Typically their tacos are small, and I found that the carnitas taco had much more filling than the Korean BBQ and vegetarian tacos. If you have a large appetite I'd suggest ordering an appetizer like their fresh guacamole or spicy queso dip because you may still be hungry after your 3 or 4 tacos. 
My friends and I went last week on Friday for a birthday and they were featuring a guava margarita which was PHENOMENAL. Unfortunately, they ran out half way through the night and we were forced to settle for their blood orange margarita, which is also good but a little more tart than the sweet guava.This was my first experience in Chestnut Hill. The service at this restaurant was horrible. The server did not introduce herself she asked us if we wanted to wait until our 3rd party came to order but when he arrived she took like 15 minutes to take our order. She took our order and the wrong drink was delivered to our table twice. Our food was extremely bland, it literally was chicken, white rice, cheese, and radish with parsley sprinkled on top. I am extremely disappointed at my experience here, it failed my expectations tremendously. Unfortunately, bad experience stick with guests the most. Especially when it has been their first time somewhere and they didn't feel welcomed. The chips and salsa were great but that was the best part of our experience.We used to love this place, but lately there's a downward trend every time we go. The food is still decent but the quality of service is severely lacking. And it's finally hit a point where I needed to write a review.  Our waitress was just plain sad.. we met with friends on a friday night, were seated quickly and the waitress was visibly annoyed that we didn't order alcohol when she took our drink orders. Through the rest of our dinner she just seemed like she did not want to be there and couldn't have cared less about our experience..
What happened to the personality this place used to have?? The waiters and waitresses used to be pretty hip, now they have the personality of a potato. 
I don't know if there's some uninspiring leadership causing this attitude but it's headed downhill fast!!I ordered delivery through Caviar. The original wait time was about 20-30 minutes, which isn't bad because I literally live down Germantown Ave (less than a 10 minute drive from El Poquito). My order took a hour to come. Which I'm not annoyed about because I know things happen, delays in ordering, etc. I've worked in the industry and I'm aware of these things and take them into consideration. 
I ordered the chicken bowl and plantains. My verified my order before placing it. Anyways, my food comes and I'm ready to dig into my chicken bowl and I open a box and it's 3 chicken tacos. I doubled checked my order on my app, which lists "pollo bowl" and I look at the order slip but it says "pollo tacos". So whoever put the actual order into the system put the wrong thing. (I know they have to read the order from Caviar and then physically put the order into their system (example: Micros)). Unless there's an error between the app and the restaurants system. 
I decided to keep the tacos but was really anticipating the pollo bowl because the tacos are so small. Also, I didn't want to reorder or have a redelivery because I already waited for a hour to have it delivered to me and I didn't want to have to wait an additional hour to have it redelivered. 
---
Update: The pollo tacos are pretty bland. The tortilla seems to have more taste to it than the chicken. I had to put some Sriracha sauce on them.We only had margaritas and chips with salsa, but both were delicious.  
The decor inside and outside at El Poquito is really inviting.  We sat outside and ordered margaritas with the blood orange juice and chips with the sweet onion salsa which was more of a creamy dip.  Both were great and we were very satisfied.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the food and drinks.  Awesome selection of tequila and good variety of craft beer.  We will surely be back and looking forward to trying more of the menu.Enjoy the food, atmosphere, etc.
Whoever does the hiring here, stop being so tight. Hire more people. One bartender for a 20+ seat bar and the tables? Your servers are nice and solid but you need twice as many people. Stop being cheap so I can enjoy my meal in under 2 hours. 
Your service sucks and not because the servers are bad.bad service - extremely long wait time after we ordered our food, food came out at different times (the waiter was honest enough to tell us he forgot to enter some of it, good for him)
subpar food. nachos were pretty good but the taco bowls (and everything else) tend to be dry and definitely over priced for what it is. spent 150 dollars for lots of waiting, awkwardly watching half the table eat and largely tasteless food for a party of 5.Never do I really write reviews but I feel like I had to this time around. My boyfriend & I come to this place very often, we really loved this place. The most recent time we brought my mom, who's an occasional Mexican food eater. We ordered food that was too spicy for her and spicier than normal for us (her first bit she was choking, eyes watering, gulping water, etc.). We called the server over and asked her if we could exchange for no spicy sauce. Really nice server told us she didn't think so but she'll ask her manager -- came back and she said that her manager told her that we have to purchase another one without spicy sauce + get charged for the plate we cannot eat. I was surprised so I asked to speak to the manager myself! The manager in a rude tone told me the same thing but then also began to tell me that, "We lose a lot of money for people sending food back... we can fire up another one but you're going to have to pay for both... because this is how you ordered your food". Unheard of! Moral of the story -- you better enjoy what you get at this place or ask for a glass of milk if it's too spicy, because if not... you have to purchase another order so they don't "lose money".Went here midweek with a girlfriends for cocktails, thinking it was still CH7. So pleasantly surprised to find a sophisticated, trendy tequila bar in chestnut hill. Yes! The drink menu was clear- this IS a tequila oasis. Our server, Michael, was like the grande somolier for tequila. He knew everything and was an enthusiastic and patient coach to us. Talked about the regions and variants of tequilas. I wound up ordering on of the flights which is served with an amazing palate stimulant (forget the name). If you go, find Michael and tell him "the Stephanie's" sent you and ask him about the flights. Also, had the TO DIE FOR tortilla soup.  Flavors exploded out of that bowl. I like highly seasoned, savory food.  Yummmmm! I can't wait to go back and bring more friends. Also can't wait to sit al fresco on the fire pit patio which is now adorned with colorful strung lights. Fiesta!Visited here on a Sunday night and sat outside. Cute place but the smell  outside from neighboring trash or something was not pleasant at all.When walking to the restaurant  I passed an alley or trash area between the building and the smell was horrible. Unfortunately once seated outside  the smell was also noticed. Well the guacamole was very good and the portion was  big. The margaritas also good but a smaller size  than I thought it should be. Enchilada was hard on the outside which made it difficult to cut which meant opening it to eat the contents on the inside. Tacos were good but small. There were no condiments hot sauce or limes for garnishing.Service was good.My left overs were thrown in a box and looked like garbage when I opened it at home.Overall decent not great.I would try again but sit inside and order something else. Although the menu is very small!Cute little place with some fabulous margaritas and street tacos. We went for my brother in laws birthday with a group of six and sat inside. They have outdoor tables too, cute little courtyard to the left of the restaurant. 
We started with a round of margaritas, everyone was happy with their choice. I had the jalapeño margarita, it was the perfect blend of sweet, salt and spice. I'd order it again. For starters we had the guac, empanadas and pulpit ceviche-I liked all of it but, especially the empanadas. For the main course we ordered all of the street tacos, the banh mi and the Korean BBQ were out of this world good.  We also tried the shrimp and carnitas tacos but, all agreed the street tacos are the way to go. 
The service was just okay. The waiter seemed annoyed with us at times and all of us would have had another drink but, he never returned to the table after the tacos came. That was a bit aggravating but, the food was so good I will definitely try it again.WORST experience I have ever had in a restaurant. 5/10/18 I came here with my twin sister for our birthday dinner. The service was horrible and the waiter barely checked on us two times although we ordered drinks, an appetizer, and entree. The second round of drinks took 20 minutes to arrive. 
After this we gave them the card to cover our order, we were told that the card machine was down and we had to walk four blocks to take out cash to cover our order. This happened to us and various other tables in the restaurant. Our tab was $80. Meanwhile all of the customers seated outside were left to sit in the RAIN to wait for the card machine to work or go walk blocks to get cash. Not one employee checked on us. NONE of us were offered any kind of compensation, free drink, or even discount. We weren't even told that we could be moved inside while the rain is coming down. 
My twin sister walked blocks to take out $100 to cover our tab and tip our AWFUL waiter.  In the meantime I asked the waiter for my card back. Then after my sister finally arrived back and I'm drenched in rain we went indoors to pay our tab and the waiter gave me my card AGAIN. The first card he gave me back belonged to a different individual even after I told him my exact name to get my card back initially, he gave me someone else's card which was identical to my card and sat in my wallet over an hour while I sat in the rain waiting for the card machine to work and my sister to come back until I realized he gave me another person's card.
We finally paid our tab and still were offered NO compensation. The staff was extremely rude and barely apologized all they said is: "It's not our fault the machine is broken" meanwhile dozens of people sat in the rain. They couldn't even offer a measly %10 off our tabs. We could have walked out of this restaurant and never paid and they never would have even noticed: that is how AWFUL the service was, even before the card machine fiasco. I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT. THANK YOU FOR THE WORST BIRTHDAY DINNER IN MY ENTIRE LIFE EL POQUITO.This place is right where I went to elementary and it's clean, delicious and friendly. They even got the game on...Food is ALWAYS delicious. Service is awful 8/10 times. Servers have absolutely no personality or interest in the customers. They don't acknowledge you. I continue to go back because the food and the atmosphere are wonderful. But they should really train their servers better.I ate here today for Mother's Day lunch and it was delicious! We got seats outside and they had good music playing. They offered a free Margherita or Rose to all the moms. I'm not drinking so I give the marg to my husband and he said it was delicious. 
We started with chips, salsa and guacamole. All 3 were very good. The salsa was probably too hot for most people's taste but we love spicy food so it hit the spot. 
I got the carne Asada taco bowl. It was very flavorful and a pretty big serving size. My husband had the carnitas enchiladas. We both loved his dish as well. We ordered a chicken quesadilla for my 2 yr old. He wasn't really into it. I think the cheese was too exotic for him but I thought it was very good. We also ordered the kids fruit cup and it was pineapple and mango. He devoured it. 
We will be back again!Great looking Mexican concept in a great location.  Can't wait to come back in the warm weather and sit outside!  Loved the newly renovated interiors and attractive bar area.  The chips were served warm and salted (yum) and the guacamole was chunky and delicious.  Loved the flavor of the carne asada tacos and the sweet plantains.  Vera cruz fish tacos were good as well.  Loved the pineapple soda too!  Server was attentive and interested, though it seems there are a few kinks to work out as they train new servers.The food is good. I really like the new ambience and decor. They have large booths so it is easy to have a group of 6 or maybe 8 sitting there. The drink menu is large and the food is authentic. The decor is honestly great, if ambience is important El Poquito struck a home run.The food was "fine" but what angered me was the fact that at 5:30 on a Wed night they would not seat us (a party of 3) in a certain section. There are bench seats along the side that overlook the patio. They were all empty. We asked to be seated there and were told they were all reserved. I found that unlikely in Chestnut hill on a Wed night. We said we would be in and out quickly but they said no. We sat in a corner and ended up staying until almost 8:30 partly to observe what time the "reservations" were arriving.  Only one group of four came in and sat at those tables. They were open all night. We were angered but I figured why make a stink. Maybe they try to hold them for parties of 4 or more. But, last night I was telling both my sisters the story and they said that in the past they have sat there with 2 of their kids- so a party of 3. That is why I decided to comment. A paying customer is a paying customer.Ok the chorizo tacos were delicious and the price is super reasonable ON HAPPY HOUR. With that being said, I HATE it when a server doesn't tell their tables when happy hour ends (6:30, not 7:00 like their website says) and you continue to order when the price more than doubled. I also hate not having the opportunity to get one more drink on happy hour prices. And to add to the pot, please understand the value of splitting checks. Don't bring over one check for a table of 4 very different people and run away before we can ask you to split it.I want to like this place. My boyfriend and I constantly are going back in hopes we will like it better. But the fact of it is we always leave feeling like we paid too much for blah food. It is a little pricey which we usually do not mind but when we are consistently unsatisfied it is not worth it. 
The atmosphere of this place is so cool inside and out. The chips/ salsas/ margs are also very good. However, we have tried almost all the tacos (in hopes to really like one kind) and they are all just OK. Tacos are small and do not fill you up completely. We ordered the fajitas once and it was 75% peppers/onions. 
We will definitely be back for chips/margs with friends but both decided we will not be eating dinner there again.Took some friends here for lunch yesterday.  Aside from my encounter with the dour and surly (just this side of rude) bartender, it was a very fine experience.  --rfI've been eyeballin' this place for quite some time and am thrilled to report that it was worth all the oglin'! I can't remember what it was before, but I just remember it being a li'l too underwhelming to warrant return visits. Happily, that's not the case with El Poquito: Terrific atmosphere, super sweet, swift service, very tasty eats and a wonderfully tequila-laden beverage selection.
My friend and I shared a bountiful scoop of mega fresh, perfectly chunky 'n smooth guac. We each dined on chicken rice burrito bowls, which had me singin' serious notes of BYE CHIPOTLE . I don't know what kind of rice was in that bowl, but it was so delightfully fluffy and flavorful. As a dish, all of the flavors of the grilled chicken, the black beans, the queso and salsa melded together to create a really warm depth of flavor, and the portion was perfect. 
Try their seasonal margaritas fuh sho! Right about now they have 2 | the blood orange : tastefully tart :: the blackberry : sublimely sippable. The decor is a very inviting mix of rustic, a li'l funky and a li'l upscale, and it's one of a few places I've visited recently that had a volume level that didn't require constant yelling and the cupping of the ears to hear.
They do take reservations, but we went on a Sunday evening at around 7 and were seated immediately. It's lovely having a dependably delicious, reasonably priced Mexican establishment so close to home. If you're in Chestnut Hill, check it out!What a pleasant surprise as newbies to the burbs. We were looking for a taco truck and this place is a gem!Ate here last night and was not impressed with the food or the service. We ordered guacamole and it was as good as I remembered it being, and the chips were nicely salted. Two of us ordered the "Michelada" drink and it was delicious. We asked for more lime on the side as the piece they gave us was so tiny you couldn't even squeeze any juice out of it, but we never received it. I had the carnita tacos and was not impressed. It was super greasy and lacked flavor. The best part about it was the pickled onions. My fiance ordered a chicken burrito. He took about two bites before it fell apart... no big deal. However, the spices (maybe from the chicken... maybe the beans?) were extremely overpowering and not in a good way. He barely ate half of it before he was completely over it. His cousin and her husband ordered bowls- mushroom and shrimp. They looked pretty good and they said it was okay. All in all, I would come back but only for guacamole and a michelada. The staff isn't very friendly or attentive. There's too many good mexican places to settle for mediocre.Nice space but very average food and drinks. The margaritas are weak, have way too much ice and are $9. The tuna ceviche was good and the guacamole was decent but the carne tacos were very bland and the carnitas were better but still not great - they were missing something. Everything was fresh and cooked well (not overcooked or tough) but still just meh. It also irks me when Mexican restaurants don't just give you chips and salsa.  And where is the hot sauce? Bill for 2 w/o tip was $86 (three drinks,  two aps and two taco dishes).  Way too much for what it was.  Service was okay. Had to ask twice for something and had to ask for appetizer plates. Hopefully it improves as I was hoping it would be decent as I love Mexican food.Beautiful atmosphere, especially if you can eat outside and killer tacos!   Especially the curry cauliflower.El Poquito's outdoor ambiance is unmatched, the kind of tucked away garden seating is perfectly comfortable for spring, summer, and fall days and nights. Crushed stone, scattered tables, lanterns, umbrellas, and various plantings make an oasis in Chestnut Hill. Food is decent Mexican, nothing overly tasty or needing to get a fix, just decent.  Cocktails are inventive, fresh juice with a tequila or mezcal backbone are refreshing, wine selection is simple and adequate, the beers authentic, Modelo, Pacifico. Nice people work here but don't seem to hustle so service can be very slow.  The outdoor area in great weather can be special, if you don't mind waiting for a leisurely experience.Overpriced, overwrought and overly complicated Mexican grub all cleaned up for the suburban Anglo.I love this place. The tacos are delicious. I have had the chorizo tacos and the chicken tacos so far. Loved both. They have a "Taco Tuesday" during happy hour on...Tuesdays... where some varieties of tacos are $4 for 3 tacos. We also split nachos, which were $10 (regular-priced). You get this heaping pile of fresh, delicious, spicy, steaming hot nachos complete with cheese, beans, jalapenos, sour cream. My boyfriend and I love spicy food, so if you don't, you might want to let your server know beforehand.
I have also had "la casa" which includes a can of Tecate (beer) and a shot of tequila with a ridiculously delicious sangrita (non-alocholic accompaniment for tequila blanco) for $6 during happy hour. My boyfriend had a Dos Equis on draft for $3. 
I thought the wait staff was super friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is great. The outside seating is just what I love during the summer.
During non-happy hour times it can be bit pricey, but, it's Chestnut Hill and you kind of expect that. And in comparison to some other places that charge just as much, this place has really good quality food and atmosphere. Also, all the prices are clearly stated on the menu, so I'm not sure why anyone was surprised about their bill...
Anyway, I can't wait to go back!!Good experience, food was great. I recommend the chips and queso for sure. Cute little place, ate outside on a warm day in February. Only issue is they wouldn't seat us without a reservation at 5pm on a Saturday when 75% of the restaurant was empty so I went outside and made a reservation online, went back inside and they seated us right away... which I thought was strange. other than that, no complaints.The food is well prapared from quality ingredients.  It was very tasty. The serving sizes are smaller than most other places. This helps to not overeat. They have nice big tables where 6 to 8 people can fit.Service was very bad. I sat at the bar and didn't see a bartender for about 3 mins. I look across the bar and there is a couple with menus in front of them looking around like where is the bartender. So I look around and the staff is in a circle having a good old time laughing it up. The bartender finally come and see looks at me and walks pass me and grabs menu slide them in front of me and said what can I get you. I don't know but maybe that is the level of service that the provide.Terrible drinks and bartenders! There was an hour and a half wait so we went to sit at the bar where we happened to find 2 seats. It took 10-15 minutes to even be acknowledged by one of the two bartenders working. I ordered the Verdita margarita which was supposed to be a mix of jalapeno, pineapple, cilantro and mint. All I could taste was the cilantro. It looked like it was from a pre-mixed bottle rather than crafted fresh with each drink. We were then seated and ordered another round of drinks. This time I tried the blood orange margarita. My husband had ordered a beer and received it about 15 minutes before I received my margarita, which we had to remind our server about twice. Once I received the drink, that was a terrible margarita too. Again, it tasted like it was from a pre-mixed bottle.  I've made better blood orange margaritas at home. As for the food, the food was decent, but there are much better Mexican restaurants in the area.  I will not be returning to El Poquito.Good service. Great atmosphere for outside seating. 
Chips are good. Salsa's are extra. We got the salsa Roja..eh. It's more like a puréed sauce than a salsa, but the flavor is ok. I probably wouldn't have judged it at all if I didn't have to pay extra for it. For an app we had the "Queso Fundido with chorizo". It's not like the usual Queso Fundido I have had before, it's very hearty---filled with onions and peppers. It was great! 
I had "carne Asada Taco's", needed a sauce, but very good. I added some of their Mole sauce to them. My husband had the "Short rib enchiladas with Mole sauce" they were excellent!!!! He loved them and he is so picky about Mexican food. 
I thought the portions were perfect and the prices were accurate! I didn't think they were pricey at all. My only suggestion is to offer salsa at no extra charge with the chips, especially when people are definitely ordering drinks, apps and entrees.  Also, maybe offer a hard shell taco as an option with all of your tacos. We will definitely be returning on a regular basis.We sat down immediately, and got served relatively quickly. However, our food took almost 45 minutes to be served. Because it was so crowded, our server forgot our sparkling water that we ordered. The food was pretty good. We had rice and beans with plantains. The plantains are absolutely delicious!!!
Very clean and nice atmosphere. The outside seating is nice, and at night beautiful lights are string around the restaurant.When I entered the restaurant, I had to awkwardly stand among people dining and drinking around the bar to wait for the hostess. When we were seated, our waitress was sort of odd and did not smell very good (I am not saying this to be rude, but it is unpleasant when you are dining). The food was OK -we tried the steak and fish tacos - not particularly innovative or different from other Mexican restaurants. There was just something about the atmosphere that was off-putting, it may have been the noise level. I may try this again since I enjoy dining out in Chestnut Hill but overall, my initial experience was negative.This is mine and my husbands go-to dinner spot. The little lights strung up outside; they just get me! To be honest the food isn't amazinggg, and the prices are slightly high (hence the four stars) but it's got great ambiance, the service is fast, and the staff is friendly. They also have some great meatless options; the cauliflower tacos are my favorite!Great drinks and tacos. Cute indoor and outdoor seating. Friendly service. 
Enjoyed dinner with friends and a couple frozen margaritas. The  Baja tacos and carnitas we're my favorite.My feelings about this place are mixed.  I have been three times, my wife a few more.  The food is good but we have had strange service experiences before.  Slow service at times when it has been both busy and slow.  Getting drinks can be tough at times.  I had the special blackberry margarita once and it was very good - worth the price.  Bartenders are great.  Like I said, the food is good.  I love the chorizo tacos and the street tacos make for a unique menu option.  The large outdoor seating area is a really attractive option in Chestnut Hill.  I am going to give them more chances to improve their score.There is ALWAYS a wait, make a reservation on open table to save yourself the headache. 
I came here for a girls night dinner on a Sat. Despite having a reservation we had to wait 15 min but the host was very nice so we didn't mind. 
We started with the tuna ceviche, it was amaze-balls! Highly recommend ordering this dish. We then split brussel sprout tacos and carne asada, tacos, both were great!  You can't mix and match taco types they only come in orders of 3 or 4, which is unfortunate because there were a lot I would have liked to try. 
Will definitely be back.So I have to admit, I've only done taco Tuesdays here... But the food is good, and you can't go wrong for the price. The drinks could be a little stronger, but again... $3 is a steal.
Nothing about this place is authentic, but I don't think that is what people are going for. The staff are friendly, the place is a nice environment and clean. I guess I need to get back and try some of the items on the menu and pay full price. Not sure why the reviews are a little low.Despite being served mediocre food here twice before, we tried again with a guest from out of town who enjoys Mexican and is not much of a foodie. Big mistake. As before, service was glacial and this time amounted to a form of self-sabotaging rudeness. Imagine leaving a large crowd of people in your lobby area for at least 15 minutes without even making an appearance to greet them, ask if they have a reservation, take down names or advise them as to what kind of wait was in front of them. Imagine multiple groups of your customers having seen that there were many open tables outside, and then, while you have all already been standing by the reception desk for at least 15 minutes without anyone's even approaching you, having the receptionist actually stand inches in front of your face and take a phone reservation for 10 minutes from now for one of those same empty outside tables!!!! I say 15 minutes, but it would almost certainly have been longer. At that point, we left. Two other parties in the lobby did the same. This place is shooting itself in the foot. Luckily we were spared a third round with the mediocre fare. We will not be back.My beau and I stopped in here on a late Sunday afternoon,after walking right past it earlier without realizing that it was a restaurant due to the almost unreadable sign hanging out front.
Small,overpriced portions served in an annoyingly small cast iron dish instead of a plate that leaves you no where to rest your knife and fork.
We each ordered quesadillas (verde and chicken $10 and $14). Each dish was 2 meager quesadillas w/o any rice,beans or even a bit of green salad. Most Mexican places throw this stuff in for free because it's cheap for them and diners like getting it.
I also agree with the reviewer who mentioned no chips & salsa offered when you sit down...it just seems cheap of them. If they are trying to be upscale Mexican, that's a nut that will be hard to crack,as most of us expect to pay a moderate amount of $ for plenty of food,when it comes to Mexican cuisine.
Hopefully, they'll rethink the portion sizes and get some real plates.....First impression is a beautiful, cool, funky space.  My two friends and I were here for a Saturday night dinner and the place was full and candlelit.  Everything was perfect until the waiter came to our table.  Everything went downhill from there.  First of all, the earnest, friendly waiter (who kept calling me "my dear" even though I am old enough to be his Mom), was clueless about Mexican food.  Odd, huh?  Couldn't pronounce the Spanish names correctly.  We got drinks and about five small plates.  The guacamole was tasteless and the salsa (which cost $6!) was not special and not made from fresh or tasty tomatoes.  There was a small dish of smoked onion dip that was overly salty but tasty, yet there wasn't enough salt in the guacamole or salsa, so we mixed them up.   My friend's margarita was good...at least the bartender was on the ball.  We got three different taco meals (3 small tacos to each meal) and a ceviche, along with the three dips and chips.  The fish tacos were so unspectacular they wouldn't' rival a self-respecting Philly food truck.  We ordered the most expensive crevice, with yellow fin (I think it was $13).  When I say it was small, I think we each had one bite each.  No kidding. People at the next table asked to be moved because the funky red metal chairs were so uncomfortable.  The place is trying hard to be so cool, but it better get its food act together quickly or it will be out of business in six months.  The only way I'd go back would be for drinks.  My share of the bill, $50, which included two Brooklyn lager drafts, left me hungry and unsatisfied.Just went for a few drinks and an appetizer with my husband this evening.  Overall, good experience.  Nice decor, and I'm looking forward to the outside area being open.  We ordered the paloma, the mezcal negroni, and a margarita.  All very good, but the negroni is unnecessarily expensive.  Ordered the tacos de carnitas, which we liked.  The tortillas were tasty, and they were topped with pickled onions.  The meat wasn't so crispy (as it says on the menu), but flavorful.  Looking forward to future visit and further review updates.Loved the food which was flavorful and delicious.  The decor is not my style but it didn't take away from my dining experience.  But I am taking away one star because they offer nothing in the way of happy hour.Like others, I really wanted to like El Poquito. Chestnut Hill certainly needs a dedicated taco spot. I came in with high expectations, but it fell a bit short.
The atmosphere was great, with tasteful decor, and cozy seating. The tequila menu was impressive, with a wise variety of options, the two of which I had were delicious.
The food was fair... tasty, but overpriced and underportioned. I ordered the fish tacos, and was left looking for my other taco after I was finished. The margarita I ordered was also tasty, but underportioned.
The waitstaff was friendly, but less than attentive.Really tasty. Great service. 
Had the enchiladas. Delicious.  Not from around chestnut hill but would definitely make a trip back this way to come here.The food here is consistently terrible. I hate to say it because it's walkable from our house. So cute and you really wanna be there but the food is awful. We have given it sooo many tries but wow- terrible. I think if it wasn't for the great location it would have went out of business long ago. And it's over priced which would be fine if it were any good. I'd say a cool place for just drinks but the drinks are super weak. I really wish they would up the standards.Decent Mexican food in a spacious, casual but sophisticated atmosphere. Service was fast, polite, and efficient. Prices were a little high. 
We ordered the guacamole and chips, fried plantains, carnitas tacos, and Baja fish tacos.  Guacamole had a bit too much lime for my tastes, overpowering the creamy avocado flavor, but was still tasty. I also didn't care for the one tortilla per taco, they are small and pretty thin tortillas and could get messy. Fish tacos had a cornmeal breading, which made the fish dense but the spices were on point and the flavor was there. Carnitas had nice crispy edges and the pickled red onion gave a nice counterpoint. I still prefer Buena Onda for seafood tacos, but I'd try this place again for some of the more creative flavors offered - Korean BBQ short rib and Banh Mi pork flavors sounded interesting. 
Plantains were my favorite. Caramelized crispy edges of sweet plantains, sprinkled with slightly salty queso fresco, a crumbly Mexican cheese. Just a dab of Mexican crema to make it creamy. 
Nice beer selection - Dogfish Head Festina Peche was the seasonal on tap, they also had Dale's Pale Ale. Bell's Two Hearted and SixPoint Sweet Action were also on the draft list. I regret not trying the Watermelon Basil margarita that was on special. Also many tequilas, including flights, mescal, and other cocktails available.
We'll be back.Celebrated with a group of 12 last night and had a great time with only a few hiccups!  The reservation was honored and a table was set up when we arrived.  In making the reservation I ended up talking to Andrea, a manager, who was very kind, helpful and and had great customer service. Our server, Neil, was helpful in answering questions about the menu and, making recommendations.  He was congratulatory to our guest of honor and at the end of the time brought out a huge sparkler and small dip of ice cream for my husband who we were celebrating- it made it really fun and memorable for all. Thank you for that!  Neil was attentive in keeping our water filled and the staff was accommodating for our group. The taco tuesday deals were delicious and we really enjoyed the guacamole and salsas although it would have been nice to have chips replenished as we left both guac and salsa on the table as there were not enough chips. One meal was brought out about an hour late and wasn't very hot so it was taken off the tab which was the right thing to do and appreciated but still disappointing for our friends who ended up eating after everyone else was done.  Overall a great time- recommended for atmosphere. Thanks El Poquito!This place is way overpriced and with very small portions, you will leave either hungry or broke. The environment is fun and kid friendly but doesn't match the cost. We were very disappointed in the store bought chips and even more devastated that the $10 cookie was served with a side of Hershey's syrup.
I reached out with my disappointment two times to the staff and have received NO RESPONSE. 
You don't have to have a culinary degree to realize this place is a waste of your money on low grade ingredients "fluffed up."The interior is really beautiful with old reclaimed wood and the service is solid.  The food, however is definitely not worth the drive to Chestnut Hill. 
The habanero cashew salsa was really good, but the verde tasted a little grassy.  The salsas also came in really small dishes which made it hard for sharing.  For a party of 6 we each got a dab of salsa and they were 4 bucks each.  The tuna ceviche was fantastic, but I definitely wouldn't share that as it's on the smaller side as ceviches come.  Both fish tacos were really tasty- both the grilled and the fried options.  The fried fish was perfectly square and resembled a frozen fish patty, but was tasty nonetheless.  The carnitas however, were disappointing as they were super dry.
The michelada was fantastic and was one of the best that I've had.  I probably wouldn't make the trek out for the food though- it was a bit overpriced and not the best I've had.This place has consistently had the worst service ever.  I sat at the bar alone and waited 10 minutes for someone to ask me what I wanted.  The bar had 3 customers.  I then asked to be seated at a table and waited for someone to acknowledge my existence. I had to ask someone to send a server. the person that finally waited on me was curt.  Like I was bothering him.  Isn't this your job?  I've waited tables and worked in customer service for any years. I'm respectful of service people .  I expecttobe treated the same way.  I'm not overly demanding. This isn't the first time that I've had a bvb ad service exper it once here.  I doubt I'll be back anytime soon.I really want to love this place. The location is perfect, outdoor seating, adorable bar- great ambiance. They have a kids' menu. 
That said- the food is meh, the drinks are weak. They really need to hire some real Mexicans to spice up the menu and give it flavor. The fajitas are 30% onion, the beans are salty. The tacos and ceviche are interesting but we are always disappointed when we eat here.Food is usually pretty good but the service is really horrendous. Many of the servers are snarly and expect to wait a long, long time for your food. Drinks are really expensive as well, just FYI.Great atmosphere and experience. Waitstaff friendly knowledgeable - a friend noted that she didn't want cheese on her rice bowl so the server made sure to ask if it was okay that her Carnitas were cooked in milk. Blood orange margaritas = delicious.this place is so what chestnut hill needs...kudos El Poquito team...I'm a local and i have been in 3 times with each time being remarkably better than the last...as usual with any new restaurant that has a line out the door from day 1 the service is gonna be wobbly...get over it haters and take a deep breath...this place has it going on and there is no doubt in my mind we have a keeper here...woo hoo
to be fair the first night i was there the food took a while but damn it was flavorful when it arrived...whoever is in the kitchen knows what he or she is doin'
2nd visit service was way better, food still on the money and i actually think its kinda on the bargain side???
last night i came back for happy hour margaritas and ended up staying for dinner...rolled myself out fully satiated on the tacos al carbon and some ridiculous tuna cevicheThe category is... taquería baja Mexico. Nom nom nom. Scores please!  10! 10! 10! 10! 10! Yaaaassss! El Poquito is the mother of all taquerías!!! Congratulations. #praytellem
The food is amazing! The staff all deserve a raise and as many hours as they want. 
Get the tacos and ask them to grill the soft tortilla. You'll thank me. 
We came with a large group and were able to try un poco de todo. Everyone was blown away!
I can't wait to do it all over again.Came here the other night and sat outside under some lights. I had a "Michelada" for the first time and I am happy to say I am HOOKED! It was such a delicious drink, with just the right amount of spice. We ordered some guacamole and chips to snack on and it was pretty good. My only complaint was the portion size- it was served in a tiny bowl with a few chips on the side (there was 4 of us but we weren't that hungry anyway). We didn't order anything else as we had been snacking all day at different places. This seemed to annoy the waiter as he brought us the bill without us even asking for it. Looking forward to the next time in the area so I can have that drink again and try some menu items.Great potential, I'll definitely go again when they've ironed out the kinks. In all fairness it was their first night, open to the public. My husband and I walked in with no reservation but was seated promptly at the bar. The ambience was very communal, big benches/booths seating 6-8 alongside the bar and smaller tables scattered about. The lighting was great but I searched for any hint of Mexican flare and found none. Maybe they haven't fully decorated although I did like that it was minimal versus overly done stereotypical decor. We were attended by a young woman named Anna at the bar w cute tortoise shelled rimmed glasses. I point her out because she was fantastic. Kept her cool even when the kitchen made some initial mixups, was very descriptive in her fave dishes and drinks and overall very accommodating.  To start the guacamole was very good (chunky, flavorful not too salty), we ordered the carne asada tacos and the chicken enchilada. We waited almost an hour for our meal and then they only brought out tacos but no enchilada. Unfortunately we couldn't wait any longer and asked Anna to cancel our order but to her and our surprise after the initial mixup the kitchen never fulfilled the enchilada order anyway so no harm no foul. My husband and I ended up sharing the tacos which were delicious and I wish we could have tried the enchilada. Not long before I was telling my husband that the manager should have come over did Anna say that owner, George was on his way and they would comp our meal. The first is a sign of great service while the latter was an over and beyond awesome gesture. We of course left a generous tip and will be back. I highly recommend, the flavors were great. Our red sangria was good and the margarita was strong! But the attentiveness and service by the staff was excellent and while we never did get to speak to George, I'm just happy they acknowledged the mishap and took care of two patrons who write entirely too long reviews! Good luck!Food was good here.  They have a great menu.  
My only complaint was the bartender.  Drinks weren't THAT great and my wine was served to me in a dirty glass with lipstick marks.  When I asked for a new glass, he dumped my wine into another dirty glass and really didn't seem to give a sh*t.We went to El Poquito on a Wednesday night and got seated right away although the restaurant was pretty busy by 7:30. The food was good but portions aren't very big and definitely not worth the price. Happy hour prices include wine, beer, and margaritas but not food (except on Tuesday nights). I'd probably go back for a happy hour drink but probably not for dinner.