I LOVE THIS PLACE. I come here all the time. The margaritas are the best and the food is delicious. Come here for happy hour and fish tacos are a buck a piece. Love the atmosphere, love the service. I always come back. They don't take reservations so be prepared to wait a little while to get a table during popular dinner times.I love El Rey! The mango margaritas are amazing. The food is fresh and delicious. The decor is quirky and fun. I have tried the enchiladas and ceviche. Service is always pleasant. My only complaint is that it is overpriced for the quantity served.The best thing I got here was the corn on the cob. It was DELICIOUS. The best corn on the cob I've had was in NYC but this definitely was close. I tried the one at El Vez, that trash was trash! 
Drink wise, I got both the red and white sangria which were okay. Nothing to write home about. 
My friend got an appetizer that was pretty much fried cheese in lots of oil and you are suppose to place it on a tortilla and eat it. NO thanks!
I went with the chips and salsa because I've been craving it. It was a disappointment. The salsa was all wrong. No uhmph. 
More people came to join my party and they ordered the guacamole..again nothing special. I think the El Vez 'mole is actually better.
So the main meal- I got the taco spread (comes with most of the meat found in the individual taco orders).   We replaced the pork with halibut ($2 extra or so).  It was decent. A meal for 2. I was def full.
The individual tacos are small. 
Other members got the enchiladas and I think they were very happy with it.
The waitstaff- very pleasant and attentive.
Overall, not a place I would go back to to (except to get that tasty ass corn on the cob). I wouldn't dissuade any from going there either but I think they are better options around.I'll most likely re-write this review once I'm able to explore the actual menu outside their happy hour, but then again, you really can't beat this happy hour so why would I want to do that?
Dollar tacos are obviously going to keep me coming back here.  Pair that with a $4 classic margarita or a $5 specialty margarita and you're set.  Plus there's $2 and $3 snacks like chicken enchiladas and tostadas.
You get what you pay for.  The tacos are MINI (I ordered 5 and was still hungry), but the fillings and fresh corn tortillas are still tasty.  Skip the "steak" taco (it's not steak at all, it's more like braised short rib or some type of beef chuck roast) and opt for all fish tacos since they're delicious and served with a crunchy slaw on top.  Hell, order 10 fish tacos and for $10 you've pretty much got yourself a meal.  Chicken tacos are okay.  There's also cheese and veggie options.
The margaritas are BANGIN'.  Super strong but still super tasty- mixed perfectly.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I got the classic.  Friends got the special one that night which was chipotle/pineapple. Super fresh and with just the right aftertaste of spice.
We still ordered the guacamole cause we're at an authentic taqueria.  What, am I NOT gonna order guac?  Anyway, that was super tasty as well- the right balance of chunky and smooth.  Maybe a little bit bland for my liking, but that huge woven basket of fresh, warm, salty, homemade tortilla chips makes it all worthwhile.
It reminds me of a cheaper El Vez and cute like Oscars or another dive bar on the inside with low lighting and 70's kitsch everywhere you look.
Will definitely be back here again.Dinner was over priced. I got the calamares, which was in a sauce that tasted like liquid salt and smelled like a fish market. I threw up this morning, I think it may have something to do with dinner.I LOVED this place.  My entire party enjoyed their meals, and the guava margarita was delicious.  The guac is expensive at $10, but all the other entrees were pretty reasonably priced. I'd definitely go again!El Rey has become one of my favorite restaurants in Center City for several reasons.  As a generally picky customer when it comes to food, atmosphere, price, and portion-size, I'm happy to say that El Rey hits all of my personal preferences perfectly.
First, the location is fantastic.  It's right off Rittenhouse Square easily accessible from most Center City offices, public transportation, and hotels making working dinners or dates very easy.  The decor is quite obviously Starr-esque in that it's contrived, but obviously so, but it creates a very casual, current vibe that is welcome.  I've never felt out of place wearing shorts and a t-shirt here or coming right after work in a tie.
Second, the food is fresh and good.  The portions are pitch-perfect in that they do not leave you feeling overly full but sated, though I would suggest indulging in the nachos prior to the entree if you are particularly hungry as the tacos (quite good!) are somewhat limited in their size, and even the enchiladas (also quite good with shredded chicken or beef!) won't lay heavily in your gut.
Finally, the prices are obscenely reasonable for a Center City restaurant of this style.  I've never had a dinner (including a glass or two of wine with a friend, two entrees, and an order of the nachos or chips and salsa) exceeding $50 (including 20%+ gratuity!)  The staff is always attentive, friendly (but not in a fake sense), and the place is always busy (but not in an obnoxious way.)
If you are looking for something new along Chestnut (somewhat off the beaten path for those of us living in Center City!), definitely give El Rey a chance.  I'd be surprised if you were disappointed.My first thought, although this place had been hyped to me, was "meh." We came here for dinner on a Sunday night and service was very slow. Luckily we didn't have anywhere else to go so we were patient, but slightly frustrated. The food was also meh, although the chips and salsa were delicious, and overall I'd just say it was your standard Mexican place -- go here if you want generally appealing food in a central location in the city. Their movie poster decor was pretty awesome, though.I guess what it comes down to is what you are looking for in a restaurant with a reputation like El Rey.  El Rey's reputation, however, is intimately tied to El Vez's reputation since they are both Stephen Starr restaurants.  But I do not think that that's fair, because they are two totally incomparable restaurants besides two things:  they're both Stephen Starr restaurants and they're serving Mexican food that appeals to us non-Mexicans. 
El Rey is an establishment that screams "LOVE ME FOR WHO I AM".  You know?  So, to me, that makes it more approachable...makes the menu more approachable =).  So I ordered what I would usually order on a lovely ladies night - margaritas.  Actually, make that (2) mango margaritas =) And the other ladies had sangrias.  Ok ok, I did question El Rey's margaritas: were they as good as El Vez's frozen orange margaritas?  Well, first off, the mango margaritas weren't frozen...but the taste of El Vez's frozen orange margaritas were better...but that was the ONLY item on El Vez's menu that I liked that night.  Ok, see how incomparable El Rey and El Vez STILL are in my mind?  Oy vey, I'm getting frustrated...
Anywho, what else...oh yeah, the chips and salsa and the carnitas tacos that I had were amaaazzinggg.  Ahh, I would totally come back and get excited all over again.  
Ok, bottom line: give El Rey a break - look at it for what it truly is, which shouldn't be just El Vez's shadow.A fantastic Steven Starr restaurant, probably the best Mexican food in Phila. Everything tastes great, staff is always super nice, convenient location.Only if I didn't know the plates were going to be small, I would have ordered more. Otherwise this place was pretty good. Short rib sopes A+.
very loud and packed but service was efficient and effective. 
I would like to come back and try more of the menu. Also thank the lord that Tecate is on the menu.
Its weird going here since the interior is most of the original Midtown but with extra stuff on the walls. 
Will be back again.I came here for the lunch special yesterday. You have the option of one appetizer and one entree for 10 dollars. I got the queso frito and enchiladas. Both were very good, and the portion was just the amount. However, I was not a huge fan of the salsa served with the free chips. The green salsa had a weird sourness to it, while the other sauce was basically just hot sauce poured into a bowl.Such a great find! The food was delicious, server was knowledgeable and had good recommendations. Ambience was retro and fun!Glad I finally dined here! Amazingly fresh and tasty Mexican food. Friendly staff. Great Margs. I had chicken tacos and a black bean enchilada.  Very tasty and presented perfectly. 
I need to return very soon to explore more of the wonderful menu.I had the short rib enchilada and it was sooooo good! Also the blackberry Cabernet margarita was really good too! (I think that's what we got but can't really remember but it was something kind of like that). Anyways, give this place a try! Nice atmosphere and decorations alsoGreat margaritas. Huge nachos platter which is one layer so every nacho gets topping. Epic. Short rib enchiladas are great. Tasted like brisket in an enchilada. Food comes out quickly after ordering too.Two different occasions both with large parties and El Rey did not fail.  I've been here a handful of times and I have always been impressed with the spot on service.
I always get the Cazuela which comes with small tortillas to put the perfectly seared medium rare steak into.  I've sampled most the dishes there and their flavors are well established in each dish. 
Their salsa is more on the Pico de Gallo side which always goes in seconds. 
I warn you now but their hot sauce is pure violence and somewhat perfection.  Made on site and a small amount goes a long way.  
The margaritas pack a nice punch and I believe are made the traditional way with just tequila, triple sec shaken, lime and then shaken and poured over ice.  My only comment is they are somewhat heavy handed on the triple sec but the flavor always seems to mellow out once the ice melts.
Happy hour may be one of the best deals in town.  Ends at 6:30pm and it includes $4 margs and $1 tacos and $2-3 dollar small apps.  Obviously since the food is priced under the $5 range they are small and the meat in the tacos is somewhat on the light side, but at that price point there really is no complaint to be made.I had a lovely solo dining experience at El Rey on a scorching hot Wednesday Night.  My servers Justin and Isaiah were both terrific and very knowledgeable about food and the menu items.
Since I dined alone I had only one item from the menu (and I can't wait to return to try more).  I had the short rib torta and it was BIG (Huge, and messy - definitely NOT a date night food.), but more importantly it was Excellente!
The braised beef shortrib was tender, yet charred (they do this at the end for presentation) and tasted so flavorful and succulent with just the right amout of fat to taste great but not too fatty.
The sauce - made of guajillo (sp??) peppers and tomato, really tasted like tomato sauce to me - but what do I know?  The best part?  A FRESH - I mean uber-fresh - baked roll - almost like a mexican "fat" baquette with a crunchy crust and a white, airy inside.  (Yes, I know trop carbs, but who cares when the Bread is shipped in from Parc!!!)
They even re-did the back bar as a swanky faux speak-easy.
Yes, it's pricey - but I bet if you order the right things you can have a 4 star night easily at El Rey.
Oh - and even though the place is blaringly-loud - it's still less noisy than Distrito - but I gotta say - Distrito's food still ROCKS my world.
I shall return.  Next time with friends!The first impression that you get when you walk in is that not much was done to change the decor/atmosphere in the old Midtown diner. Deliberate move? Maybe. Does it work? You be the judge.
Food - Tapas dishes, although very interesting and unique, did not suit my tastes. Also, margaritas were not offered by the pitcher only by the glass.
Service - Unremarkable 
Decor - See above. Also, it appears that the plates / silverware may also be holdovers from the old Midtown.
Go back? - Probably not for food, maybe for a drink.We went here during Cinco De Mayo and it was LIT. Amazing decor and their hot nachos right off the kitchen was one of the best. Didn't order a lot of food but you can eat their nachos all day long. Definitely visit during Mexican festivals!My boyfriend and I recently went here for a quick bite and we LOVED it! Service was great and the food was excellent.  We both got the carnitas tacos and agreed they may have been the best we've ever had. Would definitely recommend!I went back for happy hour, and was more than thrilled with what I found. For $1 tacos, and a $4 house margarita - I'll definitely be back more than once!! This might be my new go to happy hour in CC spot!The food was decent, but way over-priced.  The restaurant was super loud and we felt rushed the entire time.One of the best lunch specials in the city, all this for $9 (there is a pretty big lunch menu where you can pair a soup/salad with an entree that is just the right size)!! Loved my Huevos Rancheros, really flavorful and filling. Also, who knew cactus was a great salad addition? I never had it before but was curious, and it tasted kind of like fried peppers. So would definitely recommend the Nopales salad! I did not like the chips as they were small and dry, the green salsa was OK but the red one looked and tasted like ketchup. This place is a fun lunch spot!I came here with a pretty big group of friends for my birthday on a Tuesday night. They were accommodating of our large group, which is more than I can say for a lot of restaurants in Center City.
We got some guac and chips to start off with, and I also got their frozen margarita of the day, which was blueberry pomegranate. The margarita was excellent, and I would highly recommend getting one even though they're not cheap. The guac was good too, but nothing to write home about.
I ordered the chicken tacos as an entree with the esquites as a side. The chicken tacos were a-okay, but I did like the esquites. The tacos didn't have anything extraordinary about them, they were just... chicken and some vegetables in a tortilla. 
My friends had told the waitress it was my birthday, so she brought out some churros with a candle which was nice. However, the churros themselves were not very good...and then they charged us for them. If you're gonna bring out something that we don't choose for us, don't charge us for it! 
Overall, I was pretty meh about the experience in general. I think this would be an excellent happy hour place, since they have some pretty good deals and the margaritas are good, but I wasn't impressed by the dinner.Maybe it's just me - but does this restaurant look familiar?  Everything about this restaurants screams "Cantina"!  Maybe it's because I am from South Philly that I was hesistant as soon as I arrived.  
The menu at least had more options than Cantina and the prices were great.  Service was friendly and drinks were well made.  My issue came with dinner.  Our server recommened the Cazula.  Normally skirt steak is a lean cut but my dish was so chewy and gristly I had to say something.
The server was sweet and brought me another.  Unfortunatley it was just as bad as the first.
I don't plan on coming again (I'll stick with Cantina).Worst experience in a Mexican restaurant I have ever had. Waitress was horribly rude.What is the deal with this city and the lack of bottomless brunch options? We ended up at El Rey, figuring that margarita pitchers are the next best thing. And wouldn't you know our luck!? It happened to be National Tequila Day, which meant $5 blood orange margaritas and the mix and match deal all day long. 
The blood orange margarita was on point. A little spice on the rim balanced out the sweetness of the drink. We started with a ceviche and I was in HEAVEN. I can't wait to come back for another round. Portabello Tacos were wonderful as were the black bean enchiladas. 
I don't know what took me so long to get here but I will be back for certain.I was really excited to check out El Rey for a friendly Sunday night dinner given all of the hype on Yelp. I was in as soon as I walked in- the kitschy decor, hipster waiters and lively atmosphere are totally my thing. We happened to make it in for their mix-and-match taco/enchilada night, so I went for it. Sea bass taco? Check. Short rib enchilada? Check. 
When the waitress brought my meal to me, I had no idea what I was looking at. Gone were the average sized portions of my youth- what I got was pretty small considering I had basically starved myself all day looking forward to this meal. While both items were good, that's all they were. I suppose I expected some sort of "ooh!" moment that left me wanting. Maybe I'll try this place again. Maybe not.Diner speed with gourmet quality!  My favorite here is the zucchini quesadilla.  You wouldn't think zucchini would have so much flavor, but here it does!  Salsa is fresh, service is fast!
Just recently I had a vampiro drink which is sort of like a bloody mary but with tequila!   Strange flavor at first, but after a few sips, I LOVED it!
I will definitely back.  Thanks to Jason C. for introducing me to this awesome place to grab a quick but delish bite!Decided we wanted good Mexican food and decided to check out El Ray. We had great service and the food was terrific. I asked the server to point out some items I have to try without leaving the restaurant. She pointed out a few things and we both went with the recommendations. Drinks, service and food were on point. We will be back.Edible and safe
Not particularly great
Overpriced food bits
I've tried the Camarones (shrimp with garlic, lime) and Chile en Nogada (stuffed pepper with beef, almonds, dried fruit, walnut sauce). 
Both were just okay.
Both were also overpriced.
Classic Stephen Starr.I'm a fan of their margs and nachos. They have a pretty good food menu! I just didn't like how they don't take reservations- happy hour time they're pretty packed. Over all I love this place, yummy Mexican food.This is a great spot if you're looking for sangria pitchers or a sweet happy hour! 
They make a pretty great chunky salsa and pastor quesadillas!excellent food, excellent service, and a $10 lunch menu with the perfect amount of food (and a limitless chip/salsa ration for the gluttons among us). superb experience.The frozen pineapple margaritas and the guacamole were the standouts for me at El Rey. Both the Chicken and Zucchini Blossoms & Corn Quesadillas were a little dry.  The Queso Fundido was (as ridiculous as it sounds) too cheesy - next time, I would cut it with mushrooms.  I would pick Starr's El Vez over his El Rey.The food is decent here, the prices are okay here. Nothing really to write home about really. The enchiladas are good, the tacos are okay.
For a Stephen Starr place, this is a very unassuming space. It's almost like a 70's or '80's Mexican diner. It's not a terrible place to go, but there are other places in the city I prefer.Happy hour is amazing... I'm a Mexican food lover and their tacos are viciously delicious esp the fish one. The tacos are relatively small, like bite size for $1. So to fill me up, I bought $20 worth of tacos.... And that's the kind of money I don't mind spending bc IT IS THAT DELICIOUS!!! lol oh btw... As for the happy hour drinks, only 1 drink per customer.Don't eat here if you're from Texas and know what a taqueria is.. The menu was filled with "northern" twists to Mexican food like mint salsa or "smokey tequila" I ended up with a $15 margartita I couldn't drink bc it was so bad and it was one of the top shelf Rita's. 
The waitress was really friendly and explained what all the "weird" new Mexican dishes were.I liked this restaurant from the moment I saw on the street. The vibe when you walk in is great (although it's a little dark in there). It's definitely a younger crowd place. The margs selection is awesome; the spicy jalapeño one rocks. The menu is different than most Mexican restaurants which is refreshing and fast service. 10/10 recommend this placeYou know, the more times I come here for happy hour, the more I love it. For $15, I had 5 tacos and 2 classic margaritas and everything was delicious. Service at the bar was lightning fast and the bartenders were excellent. Everyone working was a professional. 
Granted, I'm not sure I would be as effusive with my praise had I paid full price, but for happy hour: an easy 4 stars.Ok, 
It's V-day and I was on a date with my friend's Kenneth Cole boot. 
So i wanted to make a quick trip to came back before he got back from his date and i decided to go to El Rey. 
In my opinion, all the chain restaurants are overated so i wasn't plan to set my foot into El Rey since it replaced MidTown.
1st of all, i quite like the low key decor. It didn't change much from the MidTown place. The bar is still there and the seats are still there but with better lighting. 
2nd, the food is GREAT. By saying GREAT, i mean affordable and good quality. I have a shrimp and white fish ceviche, which was great but don't expect the raw shrimp but because it lightly cooked.
Thier ribs enchiladas was ok. It was not excellent or traditional Mexican but there was nothing to complain about. I was enjoy it. 
3rd, the bartender earned the last star i gave EL Rey. He looks DISTURBINGLY handsome :D 
I don't know if he works any other day besides Monday but pass by and take to look if you don't trust me.
His service was fast, freindly and his voice was too sexy for me to handle. 
Defibitely coming back, esp on Monday night!!!El Rey is my favorite happy hour in Philly! $1.00 tacos can not be beat. There are four types of tacos to choose from: Veggie, Steak, Chicken, Cheese. The tacos are small enough that you can get all four varieties. I generally stick to the steak and cheese tacos. The corn tortillas are thin and soft and do not have an over powering flavor. Please ask for the habanero sauce (Its dynamite spicy but so good) get a margarita and you are off to the races. I have come out for dinner a couple of times but ever since I found out about the happy hour there's really no point to dinner. The service is top notch, all the bartenders, hostesses and waitresses are full of life and friendly. I highly recommend this placeHappy hour one dollar tacos.  A bit on the smaller size, but nonetheless a tasty bite and a good deal.  I love me some lime so I was ecstatic when they brought a slice out with the tacos so I could control exactly how much lime I wanted. Appreciated the cilantro on the tacos as well.
Had the calamares.  I'm normally very into seafood, so I thought I'd try this out but I wasn't crazy impressed.  The sauce was too salty and overpowering for my taste; it felt like the squid was an aftertaste to the sauce.
Wish I could have tried the salsa and guacamole (I'm obsessed with avocado) but the tacos ended up filling me up more than I thought.  Definitely will try them at some point (while grabbing a few more tacos) and update my review.  Hopefully they'll push my rating more towards a 4 rather than a 3.
Liked the interior, especially the unique lights they had hanging from the ceiling.  Should take a look up there and all around the restaurant while you're waiting for your food.  (Christmas lights threw me off a bit though).  
Friendly staff, asking if we needed anything and how everything tasted.  Willing to sing happy birthday to the adorable little boy at the neighboring tableReally love the sangria and margaritas at this little spot.  While this may be a Starr restaurant, it does not feel pretentious like some of his others.  Really tasty bites too if you can get a table.El Rey is delicious, and not too expensive.  Some of the items are better than others, but there is plenty that is tasty.  The items that I typically get are the tortilla soup and the short rib enchiladas;  they are always good and  delicious.  It is only 16 dollars for both the soup and the enchiladas, and more than enough food.  They once had duck confit enchiladas as a special...I am hoping it gets put on the menu for good.   The chicken tacos are just ok, and I would stay away from the roasted corn with cojita cheese and chipotle (it is too rich).  As for drinks, the margaritas are great, especially the guava margaritas.  Definitely will be going back.Went here with friends on a Saturday night. The wait wasn't too bad, maybe 40mins, no reservations made. The ambiance was really nice. The restaurant is small and narrow so it was a little tight. I ordered the pork tacos.. They were super small, you get three, so if your hungry maybe get two orders. They were very good and flavorful. My friend order the chicken quesadillas.. They had no flavor. We also ordered the corn on the cob which was delicious! The margaritas were also really good! Overall, an ok place but nowhere I would rush back to.With a 4-star showdown between my Philly phavorites Felicia D, Michelle C and Monica S ... I was shocked by the 3-star average on this über-hip Mex joint off Rittenhouse Square.
Formica countertops, wood paneling and all the other good stuff that makes up an old school side-of-the-road dinner is juxtaposed with a tasty, relatively authentic menu of Mexican eats available almost anytime (before midnight, that is). Full of twenty-somethings and hipsters, this is true Rittenhouse cool. The margaritas are solidly balanced and the eats are hands down delicious. The chips & guacamole is secretly pricey ($14??) but generally decent plate of food from the entree menu, won't run you much more than ten bucks. I noticed a pretty sweet 2-course lunch deal for $9.99 that I'd check out when I'm back in town. I can completely get behind the pollo verde enchilada that had me swooning, despite a late night lack of appetite. 
Sure, it's a little pretentious and gimmicky, but you've gotta appreciate the flair. And if you don't, then at least give a nod to the queso.Food -- Good
Price - RIP OFF!!!
Salsa they serve is weird. 
Everything is a la carte so they totally rob you for a normal mexican meal.
GO FOR - happy hour for drinks and chepa tacos. NOTHING more.
All in All- TOO EXPENSIVE for the FOOD and AMBIENCEThough I haven't been to them all, I'd say this is one of the worse Starr Restaurants I've been to. While their margaritas aren't bad, the food is very forgettable. With a name like Starr, I feel like it should do a better job with the food. 
I came for a business lunch a while ago and did the $10 lunch special, which is a great deal, but should still have quality. Everything I got was not full of flavor like you expect from Mexican food. 
El Vez is definitely the better of the two, but there are even better Mexican places in this city.This place is a waste of time/money. The food is just average even though they try so hard to make it seem like it's a new and improved version of Mexican food.
The service was bad and lacked any sort of emotion. Apathetic-waiter man came over and kept exactly the same facial expression and tone of voice for the entire encounter.
The salsa was mostly red pepper chili water and had no other taste at all. The food was also a dumbed down bland version of real mexican food.
This place is running a business on the reputation of a famous owner who has probably never set foot in this place except to see what kind of bs decor his money bought him. 
The worst thing about this place- they play like they're authentic mexican food. SO far from the truth. El Rey- I don't see you guys lasting. Might be wise to just pack up now. 
Totally unimpressed with this place.
Any real mexican restaurant will outshine this place in every single way possible any day of the week. Don't believe me? Go eat at El Azteca.Great food. The margarita was very strong and worth the money. I did not expect to pay so much money but it was worth it.I am so glad I found this place. Great Mexican food and drinks. :)Mexican faux-hole-in-the-wall with more of a 'border bar' feel and a focus on street food offerings than its counterpart, El Vez, also a Mexican-inspired joint in the Stephen Starr restaurant family. 
Disclaimer: this review is only for El Rey's happy hour (5-6:30 p.m., Mondays through Fridays), but this was such a great find that it needs to be shared. 
Happy hour offers discounted beers, $4 margaritas, and the best part: $1 mini-tacos available with chicken, steak. cheese, vegetables (which are constantly changing), and fish - all on house-made corn tortillas and with juicy, flavorful fillings. I was a big fan of the chicken and fish tacos. They are mini-sized indeed but they are absolutely a steal for a dollar each. 
It was a lively happy hour but not a long wait for a seat at the bar (you can get happy hour at the tables as well). The servers were all incredibly nice and the food came out promptly. I doubt that the regular menu can compare with the value of the happy hour menu, but I was very pleased with my visit and want to return soon.Being from Austin, one of the things I miss the most here is quality Mexican food. Thank god for El Rey, this place is amazing. From the fresh margaritas to the amazing guac to my personal favorite- the trio of tamales, this place delivers. Vicky consistently goes above and beyond to make sure you have a good experience. Excellent food + amazing staff = one of my favorites.On a Saturday evening when you don't want to cook and have no idea where to go, head on out to El Rey.  That's exactly what happened to me.  When most other places are more expensive than I want them to be, I was very happy to remember to try out El Rey... so glad I did!  It's not your ordinary Mexican food, but it is definitely delicious.  I tried the signature stuffed poblano pepper and my boyfriend had the special rabbit enchalada... we were both wowed by all the flavor each had! 
We started off with the queso fundido, which was a heart attack in cheese form, but also incredible (you can be unhealthy once in a while!)!  Also, the side of chayote (corn, pickled onion, lime vinaigrette) was perfect (disclaimer: the stuff on top of it is butter, not sour cream... we found that out the hard way).  Definitely give el rey a try when you want a good margarita and some awesome mexican food!  Apparently, they also have a $9.99 "fast lunch"; can't wait to give that a try!i like the decor, i like the drinks, i like the quick and attentive service, i like the halibut tacos, i like the short rib enchiladas, i like the margaritas, i like the pricing.
so, as the four stars indicate, "Yay!  I'm a fan."Can you say "happy hour"?! 
Man this place doesn't disappoint. Happy hour is every week day from 5-6:30 offering a variety of food and drink deals, most notably $4 margaritas, $2 beers, and $1 tacos. 
If you can snag a spot at the bar or a table this will definitely be a fun time. The food at HH isn't anything to rave about but gets the job done (i think the full priced tacos are way better then the happy hour versions). I wish the margs were a bit stronger too. I found them under poured which is a problem since margaritas are so sweet and acidic. Would be willing to pay a bit more for a well balanced drink. These small complaints didn't detract from the overall experience. My boyfriend and I sat at the bar for over an hour enjoying multiple drinks and food so we were pleased when our bill was only $30! 
Solid spot in center city for happy hour.Not fresh. Over priced. Dirty silverware. Over all bad experience. Had fish tacos which we nasty and stunk. They filled the glass with ice and put half a shot of tequila and called it a margarita. The place looks like a converted diner. My waitress was sloppy all around. Will not go back.Dear El Rey, 
I want to love you, I really do. You are so close and convenient. And so unpretentious! When you first took over the location of the old Midtown Diner, I barely even noticed you - then when I noticed your signage, I thought you were some sketchy taco place. Who knew you were a Starr restaurant, with your sneaky gold-marbled bar and diner decor?
The first time we met, you worked hard to impress me. Your salsa was spicy, your tortilla chips plentiful - although I wondered why Starr couldn't forgo the $3 and comp some tortilla chips, which seems pretty standard for a classier place. I ate skirt steak tacos, and they were delicious. By this time I knew you were a Starr place, and I was surprisingly pleased by their $9 cost. Throw in some Jarritos and horchata and I was looking forward to building an ongoing relationship. 
Since then, El Rey, our life together has been a series of minor disappointments. Nothing so egregious that it would cause me to leave you. Some of this comes down to my dislike of beans - I know, a dangerous trait to have in a Mexican restaurant. When I asked what came on the tostada, no mention of of beans - when my plate arrives, there are beans. So sad. Then this week, you put beans on my skirt steak tacos! Having ordered them 3 or 4 times now, I can tell you with authority that such a travesty has never occurred before. Finally, the "Los Moles" was a disappointment. The sauces were bland, nothing really seemed to click together. I overheard the staff and it sounded like someone may have been cooking who did not usually do so - but I'm not very tempted to order it again to find out if the regular staff does it better. 
That said, we have had some good times. Your esquites is incredible - buttery, a little spicy, absolutely delicious. Your service is always friendly and quick, and I've always been able to get a seat at the bar or a table without a wait. 
We're not perfect for each other, El Rey. You disappoint me more often than I'd like, and our good times are pretty mediocre. But you don't cost me much, and you're just so easy and convenient. Perhaps that's a terrible basis for a relationship, but it will have to do.Best Mexican I have been to in Center City. Their Happy Hour specials ($1 tacos and more) are also the best and if you like margaritas, it is your place too !We came here Saturday night and they had the shortest wait time of anything in the area. 
We split a pitcher of mango margaritas ($32 got you about 5 glasses) and a nacho appetizer. The nachos were placed on a tray in a pizza formation with everything spread evenly across the top which eliminates the issue most nachos have (all the toppings will be on the top nachos and none of the others, a common plight) I grabbed the chicken quesadilla with sour cream on the side and it was decent. 
A solid Mexican place in center city!Despite the fact that we missed happy hour, the tacos and the short rib enchiladas were tasty. BUT...
I do have two complaints....other yelpers had the same complaint.... 
1. No free chips and salsa?!?!
2. The tacos and enchilada entrees had no rice or even beans on the plate! 
This place may only be worth it if you go for happy hour... $1 tacos! :)Had dinner at El Rey with my parents and two good friends last night. We were STARVING when we arrived, started with chips & salsa (yummy! ate too much) and a pitcher of margaritas (also very good). The five of us ordered items from every part of the menu. I had the crab and avocado salad - very good, nice portion. My mom and BFF ordered nachos - there was a special nacho with butternut squash and apple (BFF) in addition to the typical chorizo (mom). Both were great and HUGE portions. Other friend had the duck tacos (small) and corn side dish, which he enjoyed but I thought was kind of meh. And dad had the chile rellenos, which he ALWAYS orders in Mexican restaurants. He said it was the best he'd ever had! Prices were reasonable, service was decent. All in all, great experience and we will be back!  Just don't fill up on chips & salsa...If only this place was BYO!  I went pretty late at night and their kitchen was open which was very cool.  The waiters and waitresses wear colorful plaid shirts which was cute and they were all very nice.  I didn't order any drinks but there is a counter leftover from the Midtown Diner that the restaurant used to be where you can order drinks and food from if you don't feel like sitting at one of the tables or booths.  Each wall has unusual stuff to look at and examine and each booth is named after a type of car, I believe, which was also interesting.  I had the Chorizo, steak and chicken tacos which were all really tasty.  The chips and salsa are good too.  The tortillas are very tasty and soft and there is fresh onions and cilantro on each taco.  The tacos are very flavorful albeit small.  They kept the general infrastructure of the old Midtown Diner but really did a crazy thorough job with decorating the place.  You don't have to talk to your fellow diners and just look around on the walls and booths.  I really like that this place is open late but I wish it was BYO!I am adding one star because the staff is extremely attentive and very polite, greeting you, holding the door, saying goodnight, those sorts of things have gone by the wayside, and I appreciate it. 
The food.  The queso is very good.  The entrees are average.  They are beautifully presented, but the flavor is just average.  Also, it's no frills.  Rice, beans, hell even chips & salsa are extra.
The last word.  I gave a high rating for attention to detail in service and presentation, but I much prefer a heaping helping of authentic Mexican food dumped before me.  If you like things that look pretty, or you're trying to impress your date, go here.  If you want to leave a fattened big on Mama Consuela's homemade goodness, go elsewhere.El Rey is the oft overlooked sister restaurant to El Vez. It has more of that gringo taqueria feel to it, but many of the recipes are the same.
This place is really good for Brunch and Happy Hour ($1 tacos!)
- Breakfast burrito
- Fish Tacos
- Huevos Rancheros (get it with chorizo)
- GuacamoleService was blah... I came here last night for dinner at 7 and the waitress was weird. The chicken quesadillas were dry and salty. I have no idea how they screwed up the quesadillas. The sangria was yummy and the churros was amazing.
I decreased my rating to 3 * bc of the service and bad entree.They claim that is authentic, but it has a good twist. Food is tasty, and decor and ambience is superb! The guacamole is ok, but different and it cost $10! They do not serve chips and salsa for free, and NONE in the staff is Mexican or speak Spanish. This is a restauranteur project and its decent, but do not expect family owned original recipes.Only one word comes to mind when I think of El Rey - Decent.  This is definitely not in the running to be one of Philadelphia's best Mexican restaurants.  It is going for the dive bar feel but it is not a dive bar.  This place is a perfect example of how dive bars have become "cool" and trendy.   It is a Stephen Starr restaurant after all.  
The food isn't bad but not spectacular by any stretch of the imagination.  The drinks are reasonable as well as the prices.  
This place survives for two reasons and two reasons only - lack of Mexican restaurants in Center City/the neighborhood and the owner.  His names supersedes him.  
Make a trip to Cantina Dos Segunods for a similar yet more fulfilling experience.One of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Philadelphia. No frills, just tasty. Prices are fine, a little high for Mexican, but totally within reason compared to other similar restaurants. 
Bonus: head to the back of the building for custom cocktails at the Ranstead Room.El Rey is just okay.... The food is lacking in flavor but the atmosphere and decor make up for it... Overall, I probably wouldn't come here again unless someone dragged me.I have only been here for their $1 taco happy hour, so I can only comment on that. 
El Rey feels like a pretty small place, and it definitely gets crowded during happy hour, so get there early. You can't beat their $1 tacos. Lately, their taco of the day has been something fishy like salmon or tuna, and those are always my favorites. The cheese and vegetable are also really good. The only downside is that the tacos are pretty small, so I usually have to order 6 to be anywhere close to full.
The $4 house margaritas are delicious and potent. Maybe it was because the drinks came before we started munching on our tacos, but 3 of those really knocked me out. Just remember that happy hour is only til 6:30, so make sure you get your orders in before then.I had walked by this place dozens of times and never ventured inside.  It was recommended by friends and I am very happy they did.  Cool decor and low lighting inside.  
Ambiance is very loud, but the meal was delicious.  I don't think anyone in the party was disappointed.  The fajita-type meal was very well prepared with such full bodied flavors.  There was definitely a lot of thought and flavor put into this mexican food unlike some places.  Drinks were good- I can vouch for the red sangria which was very well done, flavorful and fruity.  
I hear they have dollar tacos during happy hour and since I live less than a block away- I will have to take advantage of that.i LIKE this place but there is no real love.  It's on the pricey side for what you get, and while the happy hour specials are good - they arent good enough to keep me coming back consistently.  
the place gets noisey but the atmosphere is fun and inviting. 
i would eat here again if it was craving mexican and was in the area.Amazing Mexican food!! We all ate so so so much that we had to skip dinner!! Great hospitable service and amazing food!!I'll start with the negatives and end with the positives.  El Rey was a frustrating experience.  I've mentioned this before, and I'll mention again.  I'm from Texas and highly critical of my Mexican food.  El Rey does a disservice for Yankees.  Here's why:
1.  They are trying to look like a real Tex Mex place, but nothing is old, has a story behind it, or authentic.  
2.  You can't get pitchers of margaritas.
3.  My Negra Modelo did not come with a lime. Blasphemy.
4.  There is no salt on the table.  (This is just like totally inappropriate for an authentic Mexican place)
5.  Chips and salsa are not part of your meal.  You have to order that.
6.  The hostess is not assertive.  She's passive.  She's a hostess.  Make it happen.
7.  The "mexican" candles on the tables aren't Mexican at all.  They opted for the pop art post mod expensive ones instead.
8.  The napkins aren't cloth and the glasses aren't plastic.
The positives:
1.  Chicken Tinga is delicious and I'll probably go back for it.
2.  The prices are fair.
3.  The staff is friendly.
4.  I like the lighting.
5.  Good for sharing.
6.  There are booths.
I'll go back, and I should know better than to expect anything different.  I was just hoping that instead of making a parody of an authentic Mexican restaurant, he might actually do something out of his comfort cookie cutter zone.We live in Bucks County and came to Center City Phila to meet our relatives from NJ staying in a hotel. They've lost power after Hurricane Sandy.
We decided to have Mexican food for lunch. We checked Yelp for reviews. El Rey had great reviews and was only few blocks from their hotel. 
It wasn't that crowded on that Sunday afternoon. The beautiful hostess greeted us with a pleasing smile and got our table ready. Our waiter was very courteous and amazingly great in explaining the complex names on the menu. Most times I walk into a restaurant and feel just get the food and get out of there. But other times, feel like being relaxed, enjoy the ambiance, service, people... basically take it slow and be in the moment. Thats how I felt there. We weren't rushed to place our order. But whenever we raised our heads, the staff was there to respond us.
Here are few from our order: Alambre de Pollo with Refried Beans, Camarones, Sopa de Tortilla, Tostada and fish tacos.
The food was served relatively fast and absolutely great. The kids enjoyed it every bit of it. My son finished his tacos in no time. Though the portions were of decent size, all of us finished our servings with nothing left on the plate. The camarones shrimp was cooked to perfection. Very few places can handle fresh shrimp to this level of cooking. The Alambre de Pollo with Refried Beans was a pleasant surprise for me. I should've ordered a take-out too.
The last time I had a memorable Mexican food was in Houston, TX. We always feel disappointed when we go to any Mexican or TexMex kind of place around us. This place now gives us another reason to visit Philly irrespective of the parking troubles.
For adults, the decor is just another extra treat. If you go with kids, find a table away from the wall coverings.
Thanks for the wonderful time. Keep up the good work guys. You'll see us more.Atmosphere reminds me of a Quentin Tarantino movie.  I expect Uma to drop down in my booth at any moment. Food is outstanding.  Love the short rib fundido. Tacos kill. Nachos great. Banana pancakes at Sunday brunch are recommended.Well. I'll break it down based on food (ehhh) and service (awful)
Food :
Oddly flavored for a Mexican restaurant and I can't say I was happy with my meal, but that is not the reason I am dissatisfied. The food wasn't great and I wouldn't recommend it since I think it's a waste of money to give it another go when there are so many other amazing Mexican places in the city. 
Service: 
AWFUL. The waitress shamed us because the group of us didn't order drinks right when we got there. I felt a bit offended but still have her another chance. She spent the rest of the time ignoring our table even tough we kept ordering more. Sge continually brought up the fact that we weren't drinking (my friend has been dealing  struggling with substance abuse and we are trying to stay sober with him in support) She would have had a nice tip on a 200 tab but instead she got a note about how to act in front of people. 
Don't waste your time here