Carnitas tacos and the chorizo nachos were fantastic! Highly recommend this restaurant. We even ordered take out and it traveled well. Portions were big, well seasoned, and the salsas were delicious.This place was amazing. We had the torta and the chorizo fundido (the special of the day). Both were incredibly delicious and flavorful. The complimentary tortilla chips were also wonderfully crunchy and fresh. The salsas they serve with the tortilla chips were spicy and flavorful. The service was also great and the prices are great.Really great and slightly different Mexican food. Lighter and more authentic than what you typically find in Philadelphia. Not a ton of dine-in space, so call ahead if you want to eat at the restaurant and not just get take out.Good, reasonable priced little Mexican restaurant. The food was delicious and a good portion. It was on par with others in the area in regards to pricing - a touch cheaper actually. The staff is super friendly - even with a take out order, they brought us some delicious chips, salsa and waters. It is small inside, and in an inconspicuous location, but don't let that deter you from going.
It is cash only, but the bodega just down from them have an ATM.Great place to eat in or take out. Whether it's tacos or enchiladas or some New Mexican food you have a hankering for, this place will get Yoi what you need. Homemade tortillas, delicious ingredients, and wonderful people!We are from out of town, coming from Texas and this place was AMAZING! The staff was very friendly, the room was super clean and food was great! We thought the tacos were going to be small street tacos but these were huge tacos! They packed on the meat! Would definitely go again and definitely recommend it!I highly recommend this family-run restaurant. There are about 4 tables for dining in and a small counter area for waiting for takeout. While waiting, the staff offer chips and salsa.
The food is delicious. I can recommend the beef massaman nachos, the tacos, as well as the homemade chips, guacamole and salsas.Everything was amazing. Chalupa, tacos, burrito, chimichanga. BYOB. DESERVES ALL FIVE STARS.Super cute little taqueria with a good sized menu. Vegetarian options available. Service was great and very friendly. Complementary chips and salsa were fresh and good. Also, very reasonably priced.  Cash only and BYO.WOW! This place is legit amazing omg. 
We were down to two Mexican places to choose from and there was a yelp review on here that sealed the deal for us.
So we ordered the Torta, Sopes, Al Pastor tacos, and horchata. 
First of all the horchata is delicious. My partner loved it and he is normally just not interested in horchata. 
The torta was insane! The steak was cooked perfectly and the flavors were delicious.
The al pastor tacos were so damn good and the sopes were too! 
The salsas are bright and fresh tasting. 
We can't wait to try the chicken next time! 
I'll be thinking about this horchata all week!We ordered delivery from here when our usually Mexican place was closed. We were so happy we did!  The food here was even better!  Love how smooth the guacamole is!Best Mexican restaurant I have been to in Philly.  The staff was accommodating, friendly, and the service was quick.  Free homemade chips and salsa, great prices, and delicious plates.  Servings were large.  This place is cash only but there is a market next door that has an ATM with a $1.75 fee. It was well worth it.  Would highly recommend for anyone looking for casual, affordable, authentic Mexican cuisine that is flavorful. Hidden gem!A new favorite!
Came here multiple times with friends and family. It was a tight squeeze getting 15 people to fit but it was fine, we didn't mind it. 
Although it gets cramped, the food speaks volumes. 
The first time I went here, I ordered a whole roasted chicken and was amazed by how moist and seasoned it was. Paired with the fresh sauces and tortillas on the side, it was heaven. 
OH don't get me started on those homemade tortilla chips! They don't serve dinky chips here. They've got some hearty thick chips that put other to shame. The bite you get is satisfyingly crunchy. Down right addictive--Especially when you get them in the nacho dish! That hearty crunch with seasoned juicy chicken (or whatever meat you go with, I have no doubt they'll do it justice). Did I mention it's served in a skillet and the cheese is melted evenly?! It's TO DIE FOR.
It was so insanely good, I had to come back for a second helping a week after.
I've since come back several occasions to share this spot with everyone I know! The food here has never once disappointed me. The portions are great, most times I struggle to finish my food and end up having leftovers for another mouth-watering meal to be enjoyed later. They don't skimp on the meat! Their tacos are fat with filling! OH PRAISE BE! 
It seems everything on the menu is equally delicious and never fails to bring me back. The skillful char of the meats and fresh quality will keep me as a loyal patron! I get a craving at least once a month!Finally made it there last night after been planning to go since I moved into the neighborhood. The food was an explosion of taste, flavor and deliciousness! The cochinita, carnitas and pulled pork tacos were sublime. The staff is super kind and friendly. They truly are undertaking a project that is evidently a labor of love. I can't wait to go back again.Best casual Mexican I've had in Philly. Mole enchiladas are excellent. Loaded with flavor and you get 4 in an order! Try it with the cochinita pibil (pulled pork)- to die for. The campechano burrito was also very good- they finish it on the flat top giving it a crispy bottom. Other highlights were the homemade tortillas and freshly fried homemade tortilla chips and amazing trio of salsas. Seating is limited and BYOB but they are mostly doing takeout so we didn't have an issue getting a seat on a Friday night.Stopped by the other day during a walk to grab a take-out menu so I could return and order later.  The young man told us that they did not have any take-out menus at this time.  Oh well, we'll just stop back later.  As we turn to walk out, the owner runs over to stop us.  He pulls the paper menu out of the dine-in menu sleeve and hands it to us.  WOW, that's great customer service!  I've eaten here once prior, but that ensured that I will continue to eat there!
We stopped back later and ordered some tacos and maduros.  The seating is very limited there.  We enjoyed the complimentary chips and salsas.  The salsa are great, ranging from mild to spicy.  The maduros were some of the best I've had.  Sweet, tender and slightly crisp from the fryer.  The tacos were great too. LOADED with meat.  Service was great.  Very friendly.
I'm not a big fan of mexican cuisine but will make sure to support this hard working family owned and operated business.  Wish them much success!Fabulous Mexican food prepared and served by the kindest people. Seriously, they are so incredibly nice there. We had the carnitas molé and the cochinita pibil tacos, and everything was great. Huge portions, too.5 stars is really not indicative of how good the food is from this restaurant! Ordered the fried plantains and the portion was huge and they were perfectly done with cheese mixed in just right.  The pork tacos were amazing and had a great smokey flavor and spiced very nicely.  Basically everything was top notch and will definitely be ordering from there again.  Delivery was prompt as well.Tiny little spot. Lovely people working. Guacamole was absolutely delicious! Portions were quite large. Definitely recommend!!Went there for my big papi's birthday. We all got burritos, nachos, and enchiladas. Everything was on point and they even gave us a free dessert for the big man's special day. He said it really made his night, haven't seen a smile like that in while.Great food and service. Excellent guacamole and salsa. Very reasonable prices for the portions. Definitely recommend checking out this place for a casual dinner or take out!Great to have this authentic ( and affordable ) Mexican spot in the neighborhood. Great Mexican people working there with spot on local Mexican food. Will frequent for dinner and take out now that I know it. Only been open 3 months or so. Check it out!Get here ASAP, you won't be disappointed. This little neighborhood gem is located on a random residential block on 5th, just south of Christian. The owners are super gracious and welcoming and the food is AMAZING. There's some stiff competition in South Philly but I think El Rancho Viejo's delicious food, warm service and good price points will soon make it one of the best Mexican restaurants in Philly. I got the cochinita pibil tacos and they were incredible - fantastic tortillas and super flavorful pork. You can find some of their eats on occasion at Garage on E. Passyunk but do yourself a favor and check out their new space. I hope they succeed and are in the neighborhood for years to come.I am disappointed by the reviews for this place. I ordered twice from here through grubhub. Got the adobo chicken tacos and tinga chicken tacos, and I was disappointed both times. The meat lacks flavor and seasoning. They use chicken thighs but leave on a lot of fat, which is gross and hard to pick out. The only thing I liked are the sauces that come with the tacos. Frida Cantina is in the same price range and has better tacos.I really enjoy the food here. The flavor is very authentic. It's also a byob, so try and take your favorite tequila. The quesadillas are my favorite. I love the chorizo they use. It's mildly spicy and well seasoned. The corn tortillas are soft and don't break. The owners are very friendly and always greet you with a smile :)This place is exceptional. The owners and servers are so nice and friendly, and the food is so good. If you get takeout, they will even give you chips and their delicious trio of sauces while you wait. You can feel the warmth when you walk in to this family owned business. I also appreciate their veggie options (I especially recommend the mushroom fundido), which can be hard to find in Mexican restaurants. Amazing food and service in one. Please support this amazing family owned business!This place is great! I tried it out tonight based on the glowing recommendations I've seen online and I'm so glad I did. Had the carrot soup and mole beef enchiladas. So much yum! I love supporting family owned and operated businesses so this is a must visit again restaurant.Amazing food! Everything we had was delicious and the Mahi Mahi fish tacos were incredible! Not many tables so there can be a wait but it is well worth itAMAZING!!!!!!! If you are looking for some authentic Mexican food, this is the place! 
      Para toda mi gente mexicana, yo me comí unos sopes y un huarache. Están excelentes!!! ¡Me recordaron a los de mi casita! 
They also have a variety of salsas ranging in spice. They at all delicious! Come check this place out and support the wonderful Mexican culture. You won't be disappointed!The owners are so kind and gracious. Food is very fresh and authentic. Also got free chips and salsa as I waited for my takeout order. Will absolutely be back.Very tasty! Ordered as delivery, and the food was still great, something you don't always see when ordering to go. We tried something new and got the chorizo fundido with corn tortilla - it was very unique, the flavors were tasty, and it had a very good amount of meat with real cheese instead of the fake melty kind. I can't wait to go to the restaurant in person and try more!I never write Yelp reviews but the owners of this restaurant are some of the nicest people I've ever encountered. It's such a wonderful small family business and the food is delicious and fresh. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Very glad they're in our neighborhood.PSA: they said free tacos 12/30 and 12/31!
The place has limited seating.
The chips and salsas are AMAZING. If they sold that salsa verde, I would buy it in bulk. Totally the highlight of my meal.
The rest of the food was very nice! The chalupas with chorizo were tasty, but I probably should have chosen an app a bit more distinct than the tacos I decided to have for lunch. I got the pastor tacos and my boyfriend got the pastor burrito. They were both solid and came in generous portions. They were super lovely with regularly offering more sauces.Unbelievably good and authentic Mexican food. I loved the food, it was fresh, and extremely delicious. Cannot wait to go back.Very authentic and very delicious Mexican food! Got the tacos and wasn't disappointed at all. Grew up my whole life in San Antonio, so I know a thing or two about Mexican cuisine and this didn't disappoint at all! Felt like I was back at homeI've been to some places where I've apparently ordered the wrong item. "Oh, you went for their burgers? See that was your mistake. You should've gotten their pizza." You won't get that here. 
First bite of the torta. Eyebrows raised, eyes wide opened, "Oh my god..." 
Friend says: "Oh my god..." Friend offers bite of roast chicken. Me to me: "Alright, it's just roast chicken, it can't be as great as this torta. Takes bite of roast chicken. Sweat starts rolling down side of face. Breath gets ragged. Heart rate increases. "Hoooooooly moly"
Another "Oh my god..." comes from my dude with the Deep Fried Mahi Mahi Tacos. Friend offers a taco. "Alright. Fried food's bound to be good" Takes a bite. It's not. It's better. I collapse right there.
I'm not going to pretend I know what authentic Mexican food is. I'm Chinese. How would I know? Place is a small, seemingly family-operated place. You're not going to get the same service you would get at your 5-star luxury restaurant. The food is spectacular and the prices are reasonable. Bring friends and order different items so you can experience the entire menu. 
If you're wondering: yes, I did share my torta. My momma raised me right.Super friendly and wonderfully attentive service, with amazing food! The enchiladas with mole sauce was incredibly delicious, with a great depth of flavor.My favorite place to eat. Kind staff, amazing salsas, delicious food. I get the grilled chicken burrito about once a week, but everything else is probably amazing too.Food is excellent (I had a veggie burrito with really good guacamole) and the service is super friendly. I had to wait about 5 minutes for the burrito (because he was cooking the vegetables) and they kept apologizing as if I was suffering mightily. They gave me chips and green sauce to keep me company. Please patronize this nice little family-owned business! I want them to succeed -- a real plus for the neighborhood. In fact, I'd better dash over there right now.Had a quick dinner after reading about this new spot online. The menu is big and meat-heavy. We weren't sure about a lot of the types of meat offered, but the chef gave a good explanation from across the counter. 
This place is small. There are a few tables for 2 and one that might fit five. The wait staff is friendly and attentive and we loved the food. Would definitely go back and also consider them for takeout. It's not cheap, but it's affordable. We spent $36 on two burritos, sodas and guacamole. 
The location isn't great. It's not really a notable storefront and unless you're looking for it, you might not find it. In off-hours it almost looks like a closed business. 
Will be back soonService was great! Food was great! And the horchata was awesome; fresh and made like it should be . The chips and various salsas' given were delicious. Nice little restaurant . First time we came and hopefully not the last. 
Got to try one of their new tacos items on the menu also.wow, this place totally exceeded what little expectation i had. was intrigued by the photos, and the wonderfully nice marbled steaks they get in--always a good sign. 
quick delivery via grub hub; largest burrito i have ever had! great carnitas flavor, garlicky and well seasoned. the guacamole and chips for $9 is a gem because its an actual pint of guacamole and nice and fresh. i'll be a repeat customer from here on out for sure, thank you!Amazing food. We loved everything we ordered: veggie tacos, sopas, shrimp cocktail, plantains, homemade tortillas and chips, and amazing salsas. Plus all of the people working there were super warm and inviting.Wow!  Ordered from here today and really think this might be the most authentic and flavorful Mexican food I've ever found in Philly.
I ordered their house made chips with green and orange salsa.  The green salsa was fresh and delicious.  Truly 10/10 level perfection.  But the orange sauce?  100/10.  So good. SO GOOD!!!!
My chimichanga was outrageous.  I added guac.  I have no proper ways to explain how prefect every bite was except to simply say you deserve this experience.  
I also ordered their Chorizo fundido which was delicious but definitely way too greasy.  I still loved it but didn't want to eat too too much or I'd probably have felt sick.
Only thing I didn't like was their tortilla soup but i got it delivered and I have a feeling if I had eaten in their store I'd have loved this too.
I can't wait to eat from here again - well done folks!!Vegetarian options (vegetarian section in the menu!), perfect chips and the salsa is awesome. Huge portions and excellent service.It's basically a hole in the wall but the food is excellent. There were five of us and everything that we ordered was excellent. If you are looking for great traditional Mexican food and don't mind a place with no atmosphere then this is the place for you!Super tasty tacos, burritos and salsa. Speedy delivery too. Can't wait to try a chimichanga!Beautiful food served by the sweetest people.  The steak enchiladas with mole sauce would be a bargain at $20...it is priced at 10!  The carrot soup.  Oh the carrot soup.  Enjoy.This place is hard to beat. Consistently high quality, fresh and delicious food prepared with care and skill. The service is always excellent and friendly. I have eaten here many times and have always had the same great experience.So I ordered from here for the first time today. I normally am afraid to stray from things that I eat alot. But all the good ratings made me wonder. I ordered the Al Pastor, Chrorizo and Chicken Tacos along with the orange and habanero salsa. So when i normally have habanero salsa. it is not that spicy and is a mediocre I expect more of a kick. This habanero salsa was AMAZING. it even made me a little teary eyed. The Al Pastor had great flavor and the pineapples were a great touch. Normally I could eat like 6 tacos So i Ordered the chicken to... that'll be for another review but... I ate 3 and I was just so full. I will definitely be coming back here for more tacos.Really enjoyed this tiny place. We started with the... fried guacamole... essentially guacamole dumplings, very Instagram friendly. The carrot soup with shrimp could be served at a super fancy restaurants and you would be happy with it. Pork torta was pretty good, could have used a little more flavor and less fat.This place is truly beautiful, the staff were amazing , hospitality was just great ! Angeles served us right away some chips with three different types of sauces , first a very hot habanero sauce then a much milder sauce but still very hot and lastly the green Chile verde mild
Sauce all three packed with major flavors. I opted to get the lamb chops in mole. I must say it was a gift from Mexico!!!!! Authentic signature flavors from Puebla this sauce was made with love from grounded up by hand Chile's, the flavor profile was unlike Any Mole I've had ever, and that is saying a lot. The 6 lamb lollipops were all cooked perfectly medium rare. The side of rice ,sweet plantains , pickled onions and avocado were all on point. I ordered the refríes beans as well super fresh could easily
Dip the chips in and have them for a meal by themselves. Max walked us through the entire menu and also showed us some of his signature dishes that they make for special occasions like Father's Day. The t bone steak will be my next meal coming back here. Again if you are in close proximity to south philly near 5th street your taste buds will cheering the entire time you come visit this place ! Truly an epic portion of culinary goodness.This place hit the spot. We really wanted to get a burrito and we were surprised by the size of this one, it was prepared exactly as requested, and delicious l. We're gonna end up fatter than this burrito by the time the state-imposed quarantine is lifted, and we emerge from our fallout shelters!Recently tried the tacos-absolutely top notch! Maybe best in city. Chicken mole also excellent.I have only gotten takeout from here but I will say, the quality, freshness and presentation of my food was not sacrificed during the delivery process.  So many options including vegetarian options. Get the guac! You won't be disappointed in the quality OR quantity.delicious food, great hours, incredible sauces and a very reasonable price!!! a real warm family place :)Family owned and run (last night the husband and wife owners, and their two sons were the staff), and off the beaten track, this is a gem. From the carefully prepared sauces that accompany the welcoming house made tortilla chips, to the tacos, the best pork pibil these buds have tasted, to great rib-eye beef Mole.... gotta stop to clear my watering mouth... This is a place deserving of support. Everything is delicious, home-made (save for the Mole sauce, which is brought in, and so nice)... AND carefully and tastefully prepared. Prices are great... Weekends feature vertical rotisserie grilled rib-eye. Take a walk down 5th, past Christian and before Washington and eat oh so well, and help this new Queen Village gem prosper so we all can keep going back to enjoy it.This review based on one Caviar order during this plague. The food was really four not five star but the meal was so unexpected, the thoughtfulness of its preparation, the respect for my special requests, I have to award a fifth star because this might have been the best delivered meal I have had during the Plague.
The menu was a little small, I ordered a steak, which was delicious and cooked close to how I requested it (rare). Soup melted cheese salad all delicious and well packed. I can't recommend this place enough, with the caveat I may have caught them on a good night? Or am I being paranoid? First rate.This place is so good! We went here pre-covid and it did not disappoint. Inside is very tight with only seating available for a 2-3 tables but the service was fantastic. Everyone was very friendly and attentive and the food was out of this world with huge portions at a reasonable price. Since then, weve ordered take out and delivery a few times during covid and everything we have tried here has been fantastic. This place is a solid 5 stars. Definitely recommend.Awesome place! Would recommend for sure. If you don't go here, you're missing out! I love this place. They're friendly, fast, and fantastic!This place was unbelievable. I ordered the carrot soup and enchiladas with pork. Tortillas melt in your mouth. So good and free delivery through caviar.We ordered delivery, and here's the verdict:
Everything came on time and was kept very intact. They even went as far as to saran wrap our cups containing horchata so that none came out.
My husband and I shared chicken mole enchiladas and tacos al pastor. It was all good quality ingredients, but I will say this: I'm no expert when it comes to mole, but I have had mole that I've enjoyed more than this. What I've had previously has been a little sweeter/more chocolatey and the mole here is a little more savory/tomato-y/slightly bitter. It's good; I think it's just a difference in preference. The tacos al pastor were pretty good too, but I wish the meat was a little saltier and more tender. But the tortillas did seem fresh and tasty.
The horchata also has sort of a powdery/chalky aftertaste that I wasn't a huge fan of.Great food, at a great priced, served by the kindest people. I placed a large pick-up order and then arrived early... they offered me a bowl of fresh chips and salsa while I waited. Everyone working was so sweet and gracious. They added two free Mexican sodas to our order just because. Everyone in the group tried different tacos (carnitas, chorizo, adobo chicken, chicken Tinga, and cochinita) and all were amazing. We also got the massaman nachos, fried plantains, and chips and guacamole. The serving of guacamole is massive! They were out of al pastor when we ordered, so we'll definitely be going back for that!I've ordered twice from this place, And it's really delicious. The burritos are full and delicious - I've ordered the carnitas and chorizo. Their homemade
salsa is so good. Note: It is not included with an order of
chips when ordering online, so be sure to add it to your order. (They are amazing though, and came back with
salsa when I forgot to add it to my order.)I'm not sure if I caught them on the best day but their tacos were slightly disappointing. I expected more flavor. Everyone in the restaurant was nice though. The horchata was good. It was my first time trying it. I'll go back and try something elseI ordered a chicken quesadilla and a side of fries. My food arrived on time, but my food was cold and my fries were doubled dipped meaning they were fries from earlier in the day and instead of making fresh fries they just re cooked the fries from earlier that didn't get bought. You can tell by the way the fries look and taste. I feel like I wasted my money and I was a little disappointed.Fantastic new restaurant in Queen Village! We had exceptional service and a delicious dinner. The Mahi Mahi tacos were so fresh and yummy. The burrito that my husband had was huge and very tasty. We also enjoyed Mexican coffee.Tiga Tacos aka chicken tacos - a order comes with 3 tacos.  They gave a lot of chicken, chicken was tender.  I was starting to get full after eating just 2 tacos.
Blackened mahi-mahi tacos - a order comes with 2 tacos.  The fish is breaded (crispy) and deep fried.  The fish was thick.
Of the two dishes we ordered, I liked the Tiga tacos.
They give complimentary chip and sauce (mild, medium, and spicy)!!
Total bill came to $20...and we were stuffed.
Service - very friendly and nice.  Family owned business.
Would I come back again? Yeah for sure.  Would try new things.This place is truly beautiful, the staff were amazing , hospitality was just great ! Angeles served us right away some chips with three different types of sauces , first a very hot habanero sauce then a much milder sauce but still very hot and lastly the green Chile verde mild
Sauce all three packed with major flavors. I opted to get the lamb chops in mole. I must say it was a gift from Mexico!!!!! Authentic signature flavors from Puebla this sauce was made with love from grounded up by hand Chile's, the flavor profile was unlike Any Mole I've had ever, and that is saying a lot. The 6 lamb lollipops were all cooked perfectly medium rare. The side of rice ,sweet plantains , pickled onions and avocado were all on point. I ordered the refríes beans as well super fresh could easily
Dip the chips in and have them for a meal by themselves. Max walked us through the entire menu and also showed us some of his signature dishes that they make for special occasions like Father's Day. The t bone steak will be my next meal coming back here. Again if you are in close proximity to south philly near 5th street your taste buds will cheering the entire time you come visit this place ! Truly an epic portion of culinary goodnessOrdered 2 times and had great delivery experience, everything was intact and fast delivery. We decided to see this place and went for dinner. Its a very small cramp place. We were greeted promptly. They don't take credit cards but they do have an ATM. All the workers were very nice. The best burrito and chorizo tacos ever.So glad they opened up around the corner. Their food was great and the staff was super friendly. We got takeout and they even gave us chips and salsa while we waited. Get the fried plantains.Well this place was BOMB and came in clutch for tonight's #yelpsbignightin.
I called ahead to pick up and they said it would be ready in a half hour, and it was...right on the dot.
We got: 2 steak burritos, 2 elotes, chips & guac, a lime Jarrito, and a Mexican Coke. It came to about $43 which was well worth it.
The burrito was comically round and fat, but so chock-full of tons of fluffy rice, black beans, wonderful melty cheese and very tender and flavorful steak.  The tortilla didn't fall apart and held up nicely. The chips were so crunchy and golden brown and a little oily like they just came out of the fryer and that guac was a refreshing delight with tons of cilantro, onion and lime. The guac is more of a smooth consistency rather than chunky, if that's your jam. Lastly, those elotes were SO good, probably my favorite part. I wish I ordered a second one. There was so much Oaxaca cheese that fell off I ended up adding it to the massive tub of guac.
When all was said and done, I STILL have leftovers for lunch tomorrow. I can't believe I never heard of this place but you can guarantee I'll be back!This place is delicious, affordable, great for take out and delivery. Highly recommend!Just ordered their tacos de suadero and they're arguably the best suadero I've had in the entire east coast. Well seasoned, served, and priced. Will definitely order again!I'm so glad I ventured tonight and found this hidden gem with one delicious mole poblano. I can't wait to go back and try their other dishes. The staff is friendly and offer some great service. Take your time here and savor their delicious selection.Two words: fried guacamole!! While I could pretty much leave the review right there and that would truly be enough, I'll say more. Haha 
Everything was outrageous. I mean, really delish!!
We started with housemade chips, a huge bowl of fresh pico & 3 dipping sauces....a Verde and two others that very in levels on spiciness. The orange (mid spicy level) was a favorite with the whole crew. It as so flavorful. This all comes complementary for first-timers! 
We then HAD to try the fried guac. I mean....what??!! It far exceeded our expectations. Not only was it plated so gorgeously, but it was also perfectly crispy and oozing with cool guac & piping hot Oaxaca cheese. It was perfect little pillows of goodness. A must try! 
Kiddos enjoyed simple quesadillas & Jarritos, of course, They were happy. 
We also had veggie tacos, crispy fried mahi-mahi tacos, and a aheimo dish with an avocado salad to keep it lighter. All winners! 
For dessert, we were given insanely good fresh, hot caramel-filled churros, on the house!! 
The hospitality was so lovely! We felt so warmly welcomed!! 
*The only negative would be the neighborhood. While I had a great view of the waxing crescent moon and the sun setting while facing south, my husband had views of the projects and cops pulling up every couple of minutes facing the street. He is never afraid of the city and this was a bit dicey. 
I wouldn't say no to dining here again, but just a fair warning to others, especially those not from the city. I would absolutely HIGHLY recommend takout anytime to anyone! YUM!!10 s FINALLY! Good Mexican food. Like huge portions, tasty, fresh, clean.
The al pastor, chorizo, and chicken tinga tacos were delicious, and they were generous with the amount of meat and topping. Tortillas taste homemade. 
Most importantly, the CHIPS. Thick, fried. Literally perfect. Do not hesitate to order from here. Seriously, look no further.Best food we had in Philly! True authentic Mexican food! Small place and only like 4 tables and a bar to pick up food! But again the food was superb!! The wife and I came to philly on vacation and so glad we found this place! Ate here twice on a 4 day vacation!Got the chalupas . Were disgusting , dried up green and red sauces and it def was not a Chapula shell. Looked like a dried up taco . My other half got a ok burrito and they gave nachos on the side with zero dipping sauce . Maybe we ordered the wrong stuff but my guy who loves everything and isn't picky said we'd never order it againThis is my favorite restaurant for Mexican foodin Philidelphia. Great authentic food. I recommend everyone to try their food!