This place has been going downhill for a while now but the final nail in the coffin was hammered in tonight, when I found a piece of gravel in my rice and beans. Nice work za-rape.Came here because Cantina across the street was insanely busy. What a homey Mexican place! It reminded me of some of the places I've been on the coast of Mexico. 
Got an interesting vegetarian fajita-like dish. It was so good I couldn't stop eating it (though later I regretted not saving half). Good horchata too!
And cheap (if you're not getting a meat dish)! A solid restaurant.this was absolutely the worst food i've had in my life.  They gave me steak tacos in dollar store tortillas that were literally fat rolled up in rubber.  I choked on a piece of fat that made up the entire bite i took n when i called to complain they said thats how mexicans like their food.  Ive never heard of cutting up fat n serving it but i got my $ back.  My friend got chicken enchiladas he said they were ok.  I'll never go back.This place used to be really bland and served kind of hard-to-finish meals, because they all tasted like cardboard.
At some point about 5 months ago, they became under new management and have stepped it up A LOT.  also, they have outdoor seating and are BYOB, so instead of spending money and waiting 45 minutes at Cantina, we go here a lot and get better food and more booze.  The waitress who works weekend nights is also super nice and really helpful and good at her job!By far the weirdest veggie burrito I've ever eaten.
My boyfriend picked up my lunch to-go for me this afternoon as I was manning the Yelp table (come spin the Wheel O-Yelp!) at the Passyunk Street Fair and Car Show. He knows I like my 'ritos vegetarian, with all the fixings.
What he brought back was an unusual specimen. A veggie burrito ($5) with a bit of rice, a bit of cheese, a bit of sauteed onion&pepper, and an overwhelming large amount of wilted romaine lettuce. 
Huh?
There weren't any beans. I was beside myself. 
The red creamy salsa was great to dunk my rolled-up salad in, but even a good sauce couldn't fix this mess. Don't know how this place could be called authentic, but I suppose veggie burritos aren't very "Mexican" after all.Honestly one of the worse food experiences I've had in a long time! From the giant creepy statue of Virgin Mary to the bland guacamole. Fish tacos tasted like frozen fish fingers, carinitas were so fatty we couldn't finish them. The one star is for the very pleasant waitress and the Mexican coke!This place changed owners last fall and I concur with the other post that things just aren't quite as good anymore.  On the plus side, the staff are still very friendly and they are offering a variety of desserts they didn't previously have.  They are also now offering a build it yourself meal where you can choose either 2 or 3 items from a limited menu for a (quite reasonable) set price.  But, the chips are no longer homemade.  Instead of serving what I thought was the best salsa in the city, gringos now get some cheesy, sour cream-based dip with store bought chips.  The beans aren't as good as they used to be--less flavorful.  And the sopa azteca, which used to have this amazing full-bodied, tomato-based broth is now watered down.  I think the new owners are trying to introduce some good ideas but it's really too bad that the chef changed with the new management as well.I'll start this with, I absolutely LOVE the food here. The Al Pastor tacos are to die for. The the chicken flautas, anything with mole sauce, their nachos, guacamole, enchaladas...everything here is delicious. The only reason why I give them an 3 star rating is their take out is inconsistent and their service is VERY slow when you're dining in.
My fiance and I have gotten take out from them three different times, and all three of those times something has been forgotten. One thing they did that was kind of weird was we ordered chicken flautas that are supposed to come with "original queso." Well, when we got the food home there was no queso or chips for salsa. Fortunately, we live close by (since we always have to go back and grab something they forgot), so we called them up and they said, "Oh yeah, no problem, we'll have it ready for you." We go and grab it and come back home with a tub of CHEESE WHIZ! I mean, I don't mind cheese whiz, but I was expecting actual Mexican restaurant style queso. So, yeah, needless to say that was pretty disappointing. 
I'd say your best bet is dine in, but expect to stay for a while. It's BYOB so you can enjoy drinks with friends and catch up for a while before your food comes out. It's worth the wait, though.A very simple, more authentic Mexican place in South Philly.  CASH ONLY. 
My friend and I ordered guacamole and we were given complimentary chips and salsa so it was a bit much.  By the time our food came we were almost stuffed but managed to intake even more deliciousness.  I had the Vegetable Fajitas and my friend got the Onion and Cheese enchiladas.  The place was moderately busy but the one waitress was able to take care of everyone.  There were some interesting pictures on the walls but the place is mostly bare.
Bottom line:  If you like authentic Mexican in a simple atmosphere, go here.I used to love coming to El Zarape for a huge, inexpensive burrito - to be split between two people! However, this place is now sadly closed and out of business!!!My boyfriend and I were in the mood for some good Mexican food and decided to try El Zarape.  After anxiously waiting for our delivery food to arrive we were severely disappointed.  With both of us in the restaurant industry, we aren't quick to give a place a bad review.  In fact, this is our first one!  However, we found it necessary to share our feelings on the Specialty Street Style Pork Mini Tacos we ordered.  The "pork" the tacos were made from was 90% white, chewy, fatty pieces, making it inedible.  The only redeeming factors of this order was the yummy guacamole and sopapillas.Chose this place for the East Passyunk Restaurant Week and went with my girlfriend.
Having been to Cantina (across the street) on a couple occasions, I was expecting something similar, but, honestly, El Zarape couldn't have been more different. The decor has a very hole-in-the-wall feel to it in that there was no effort made to cultivate a pseudo-authentic experience.
Upon walking in, I was skeptical. It was 7pm and the place was mostly empty. As I was sitting at our table waiting for my girlfriend to arrive, however, my concerns were dismissed by the plate of chips and salsas provided. Both salsas were fantastic, albeit a little spicy for my palate. The black bean dip was by far the best of the three. We could have eaten these all night.
Upon looking at the menu, we decided that only one of us would order from the restaurant week menu--that gave us an opportunity to order more of their usual menu items and pay pretty much the same price for 3 courses. 
For appetizers, we got the Steak Nachos and Calimari. The Calimari was nothing spectacular on its own, but it came with a sauce that had a pretty good kick to it, which was a refreshing change from the bland marinara that often accompanies fried calimari. The Steak Nachos were phenomenal, much better than the ones across the street that are more expensive. The toppings were perhaps overly generous as after finishing the chips, there was still some guacamole and steak to eat. 
For entrees, we got the Chicken Mole and the Southwest Chicken Tacos. Again, huge portions here. The mole was a little bland, but the tacos were phenomenal. They were so stuffed with chicken and toppings that they were difficult to eat, logistically. We didn't even touch the rice and beans on the side.
The desserts--cinnamon churros and apple chimi--were both solid but nothing to write home about. 
One thing I am always disappointed about when eating out is portion size. As someone who has a pretty active lifestyle, I tend to crave more food than most and often find I have to supplement dinners out with snacks at home. That was far from the case with this meal--we actually had to get doggy bags for the mole and the sides that came with the tacos. No lie: I was full until lunch the next day. 
I'm glad we came here for restaurant week instead of some Italian place my girlfriend would have picked. We'll totally be back again, sooner rather than later.This is a thoroughly mediocre Mexican restaurant. The food was fine but not as good as other Mexican places in the area. The service was distinctly half-hearted. There was only a handful of customers, but the waitress was hard to get ahold of. There are better options in the neighborhood.I would give this place a negative star if I could.
We placed an order for delivery at 6:38PM.  The restaurant delivered food at 7:50PM, but they delivered the wrong food. That's annoying, but fine.  We called the restaurant and notified them of this mistake at 7:53PM, and they said they were aware of the mistake and would be sending the correct order out.  
We waited an hour, and the food was nowhere in sight.  We called the restaurant again, and was told the food was on its way.  
We waited another hour, called the restaurant again, and was told the delivery guy left 5 minutes ago. 
We waited half an hour, and called again, and was told the delivery guy left 10 minutes ago.  Apparently, we have different concepts of time.
All in all, I'm writing this review four hours after I placed my order and still have not yet received the food I requested.  Quite disappointing to say the least.  The food may or may not be good - I'll never know - but the service is abysmal for sure.
Try Xochitl if you're looking for good Mexican food, try El Zarape if you're looking for a time sink.AMAZING Mexican food. Highly recommend the burritos, and I have to say that the guacamole is the best I've ever had. It comes with freshly fried chips and is just to die for. On the expensive side, but so worth it. My roommate and I play a game where we try to guess how exactly they make it, but I'm pretty sure we couldn't duplicate it.
I've never actually eaten in the restaurant, as I only live a few blocks away and would rather just go pick up my food, so I can't say anything as to the service.MORE LIKE EL CARAPE or I'M EL ZARA-PISSED OFF!!
We'll start with the good: The chips and salsa are awesome, as they give you a very spicy red salsa, a pretty damn good salsa verde, and a black bean dip that helps to nullify the burning if you get carried away with the hot stuff.
Drink options are limited, as they only serve bottles or cans, but ok, I can live with that. But when we ordered waters, we could see little bits and flakes in the glasses just kinda floating around. Looked like bits of paper towel maybe? Got some new water, also not too clean, but I decided to just drink it because what doesn't kill you makes you stronger or whatever.
So we ordered the food and my girlfriend asked to change the sauce on her enchiladas to salsa verde with queso fresco on top. First the waitress said that they didn't do replacements or adjustments to the food (even though they had no problem doing so on our last visit), but then she consented to give her the cheese on the side. Whatever, no big deal.
When she brings the food out, the little ramekin is filled with nacho cheese. My girlfriend asked for the queso fresco instead, clarifying that it was "the white cheese." Before she could even finish her sentence, the waitress is shaking her head, saying "no, we don't have that." My girlfriend told her that they had it the last time, and she replied that they didn't have it anymore.  The best part is, as she's walking back to the kitchen, I look down at my chile relleno, and lo and behold, guess what is sprinkled all over the top of it?
MOTHER EFFING QUESO FRESCO!!!
So, I must concede that one shitty waitress isn't enough reason to write off a restaurant, but if I ever decide to go in there again and see this particular lass, I will spin around on my heels and find some other Mexican fare, especially when, service notwithstanding, the food is just okay.A friend and I  got take out after the street festival on The Yunk yesterday.  I Got a big Chicken Burrito and the Monterey Jack chicken ENCHILADA.  Both were fantastic.  Everything was cooked to order.  You could tell that the Chicken and Vegetables were fresh and not pre cooked.  While its not cheap the portions are big and the ingredients are top notch.  After having been slightly skeptical I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the meal.  My Friend loved his 2 dishes as well.  
This is my new go to spot for Mexican Food!I really wanted to like this place as I am always on the hunt for a good, inexpensive Mexican joint. However, my first impression of El Zarape wasn't exactly a good one last night. 
First, I was a little dissapointed when the server (who was very nice) told me they no longer accepted the Restaurant.com certificate, which I had actually just printed out that afternoon as it was listed as just recently being added onto Restaurant.com. 
My second surprise was when I bit into my carnitas tacos and was greeted with a soft and creamy texture that I couldn't quite place. My first thought was there was a cheese spread hidden  beneath the pork but I soon discovered it was actually a very large quantity of fatty pieces of meat. Turns out, each of the three tacos was filled with about 1//3 full with straight fat pieces. I'm not a carnitas expert or a health nut, but the  fat was definitely a turn off for me. The remaining meat was juicy enough that the fat wasn't necessary. 
All that aside, my wife did really enjoy her fajitas, although I think having to watch me remove the fat from tacos made her loose a little bit of her appetite. 
Would i go back? Yeah, but no more carnitas tacos for me.More like 3.5 to be honest.
I ordered takeout from here last evening and while my food was good, I don't think it's anywhere near the best mexican I've had.  I'm speaking strictly in terms of takeout here.
The order consisted of carnitas tacos and beef and cheese empanadas.  My tacos were tasty, the corn tortillas definitely gave a nice texture but the pork itself was a bit devoid of flavor for me.  It was topped with radishes and cucumbers which seemed more like an afterthought than an actual garnish.  The verde and rojo (I just came up with those names) were bright and flavorful just like they should be.
The empanadas had a nice flaky crust but the filling was once again, a bit lackluster.  It basically tasted like a cheeseburger inside an empanada.  If that's what they were going for then they accomplished it.  I didn't get a chance to try the queso dipping sauce that came with them.
I will give them another shot at some point with some other menu items.  So far, I wasn't completely wowed.Visited El Zarape with some company not too long ago based on suggestions from my fellow Yelpers. (Thanks, guys!) 
We showed up on a Friday night, to a 1/3 full restaurant. Service was a little slow considering the number of clientele, but I presume there were not too many staffed either. We all shared empanadas and guacamole. I have to admit, I was a little disappointed that they did not make the guac table-side as advertised... Not bad, not great.
I had the Al Pastor tacos - they were alright but I could have used some more pineapple. It came with a couple of sides, but they were not memorable at all. Others at the table had fajitas, chimichangas, and a variety of other tacos. We all left pretty full, but mostly because the portions were big and we overate. Overall it was a decent, cheap meal. Not sure if we would come back though... There are plenty of other Mexican places in the area that I'd like to try.I imagine El Zarape as the linoleum-floored cafeteria where Mexican truck drivers would eat their lunches while on the road.  It's not long on atmosphere -- except for the giant flatscreen playing Spanish-language soaps, beauty pageants and entertainment magazine shows -- but we go back over and over for the inexpensive tacos al pastor, chorizo tacos and queso fundido. 
You can BYOB or just drink pineapple Jarritos with your pineapple + pork.I love El Zarape! I have gone here at least 3-5 times per month since I moved to the neighborhood in August 2007. The quesadillas, tacos al pastor, enchiladas verde, salsa verde, hot sauce and rice are just awesome. I've taken my mom and siblings, from the land of Taco Bells, here and they freaked out over how good everything was. When an older friend and I went in on a sweltering day and asked for a fruit salad to accompany our delicious chicken quesadillas, they cut up a beautiful pineapple and watermelon just for us.
I've gone to Cantina twice, and will never set foot in there again. The El Zarape owners and staff are always quick, polite and consistent whether I am in to eat, or to order takeout. I just bring a book for the 10 minute wait or chat it up with all of the other neighbors who swear by this place, too. It may look simple on the inside, but the pride in quality and flavor are always there. Check it out!Some of El Zarape's dishes really hit me on a comfort level with which I'm not exactly comfortable. It kind of makes sense...Allow me to explain... 
You know how hangover hankerings and comfort food often skip together hand in hand, down the lane to the land of fried stuff covered in cheese? It's like that. And El Zarape delivers me to this land with speedy delivery.
I like the beef empanadas. Their nice and flaky and filled with really lightly seasoned ground beef. They're a bit plainer than most empanadas I've had, and sometimes are combined with a smattering of peas...or a random string bean?
These are the mysteries... Each time there seems to be a little scratch-your-head moment of "Hmmm..?" like, "Were there three kernels of corn in these empanadas last time?" or, "Is there SUPPOSED to be one random slice of red radish in the salsa verde?
Well the puzzling pieces, though strange, haven't stopped me from returning thrice. So, back to those empanadas- combined with a little dunk of their red and green salsas, a little dip of that pico de gallo and queso sauce that comes with... It works for me. Fried stuff with cheese, you win again.
Also, if you find yourself ordering pepper jack enchiladas, be advised that these ain't the enchiladas that you may be picturing in your mental roll-a-dex of enchilada images. I know that nobody has roll-a-dexes anymore! And yes I know that maybe most people don't overly daydream about enchiladas, flipping through enchilada picture slide shows in the brain. I am dreadfully alone. But anyway, these aren't typical enchiladas (corn tortillas filled and rolled and topped with chile, etc), or enchiladas at all, perhaps.
What you'll get is pretty much the equivalent of a fried burrito. It's a flour tortilla stuffed with grilled chicken, peppers and onions and a ton of pepper jack cheese. I may not be traditional, but it hits the spot...which is, as we discussed, the one that hungoverly cried out for fried cheesiness. 
More traditional are the many tacos which I like just fine... More wacky is the little suit of armor that stands outside of El Zarape which makes me regale whoever with the legend of the tiniest knight, which is completely made up by me, and exceptionally stupid. My made up story, not the little suit of armor...cause that's cute...cause who could fit in there, right!?To celebrate my upcoming 200th review, I decided to go back to one of my oldest reviews and give an update.  I'm happy to report that they have maintained their 4 star rating from me!
In the last three years, I'm pretty sure they had a new owner each year.  Menu items would change, prices would change, level of service would change, and quality of food would change.  But I'd say in the last six months or so, the food and service has gotten a bit more consistent.  We've had far fewer mixed up orders (whew...) and can recommend El Zarape to others without fear that the quality of food would change overnight.
I've also branched out from my beloved tosadas de tinga to try some of their other offerings.  I'm a big fan of their chicken enchiladas, with either salsa verde or mole sauce.  At $10 for three enchiladas and a side of rice and beans, I think it's a pretty good deal.  I've also tried to the veggie burrito.  I wasn't blown away by it- it's awfully small and consists of just veggies (no rice, pico de gallo, black beans, guac, etc.), but the veggies are fresh, and it comes with a side of rice and beans and a small price tag- $6.  Also, I still LOVE their salsa.  I could drink that stuff.  For reals.  
I have only dined in once at El Zarape-- it's literally a block from my house and I can watch my shows on my comfy couch while eating, so take out is all I do.  If you are looking for ambiance, you really won't find it here.  And that brings me to my final assessment....
Even though I think the food is really good for take out, they lose a star because I feel like they could improve on making their establishment more "dine in" friendly.  The space doesn't feel very comfortable and I wouldn't recommend it for a night out with friends, like I would with the Cantina.I first tried El Zarape a few years ago when I first moved to the neighborhood but I have recently been in a more serious taco phase as of late. I like their food, try the Sopa Azteca, you won't regret it.
But I have had sometimes when they are very inconsistent. My boyfriend says that "they are good but it depends on who is cooking." The food is not bad but it is a bit different each time. There is no standard preparation style, it is pretty much however they have decided to make your food that day.
The delivery is always fast and consistent, the servers and delivery staff are courteous and helpful. I recommend this place to all who enjoys tacos and other tasty things.Very disappointing.
And this isn't one of those I'm-from-California-and East-Coast-Mexican-Food-Sucks reviews. I've been to LA and the Mission many times, but there's plenty of perfectly good tacos and burritos out here - those Left Coast snobs can all STFU as far as I'm concerned.
No - this is even just in comparison to all the much better Mexican to be had at a lower price at any number of other fine South Philly establishments such as El Jarocho or Moctezuma. The 'Chi-Chi's'-looking Tex-Mex-esque menu should have been a warning, but I soldiered on. I got a 'three-sauce' burrito, which as far as I could tell only had two sauces, but perhaps that was because one of them was this cheese-with-a-Z goop that clung to my palate like a coat of paint and overwhelmed pretty much every other flavor I came across. The meat itself was nice enough when I could get it alone, but that was rare. And the whole contraption was oddly sweet, which is not what I look for in a burrito - this ain't a Hawaiian pizza.
I was going to award just one star, but I did quite like the salsas they brought out at the beginning of the meal, so that earns some redemption. I hear the tacos are supposedly good here, but I won't be coming back to confirm that - there's no shortage of better options.El Zarape is the best authentic Mexican food I've ever had on the East Coast. I ended up at El Zarape after searching for a place to order Chilaquiles - which was my favorite dish from my study abroad in Mexico. It's definitely a plain looking place, especially compared to Cantina across the street (which has ambiance but incredibly mediocre and overpriced food).  But, the food is delicious, authentic and super cheap! I also especially love the Loaded Carne Asada.  And they even have great dessert.
If you are looking for good, REAL Mexican food, this is the place to go!We found El Zarape by accident, sort of. We were at the Cantina (the hipster paradise across the street) and were told that we'd have to wait about 30 minutes for a table. We were starving and my husband suggested we give "that place across the street" a try. We've never been back to the Cantina since. 
It may not look like much but I can tell you it's clean and they make some damn fine food.
What El Zarape lacks in ambiance they make up for in really good food. When you sit down they bring you a too-small serving of chips, beans and salsa (too small because it's so good) - one of the salsas that they bring is a tomatilla (green) salsa with avocado that I have been unable to replicate and spend way too much leisure time pining for. I could eat it everyday and still crave it. 
I've never had a bad meal there but my favorites are the chicken quesadilla and the tacos (any kind). 
I've told countless friends about El Zarape. None of them has ever gone. The Cantina has them by their soul patches! Look, if you want good Mexican food, go to El Zarape.Let me just start this review by saying I am a Mexican food junkie.  When I moved to EPX last year, I had to try El Zarape.  It's now one of my go-to take out places.  It has cheap, fast, and delicious food.
My boyfriend and I usually get the Tosadas de Tinga with a side of chips and bean dip and it is enough for the two of us.  With a cost of about $8, the price is right.  The tostadas are so good- with nice and spicy pulled chicken with lots of lettuce and mexican cheese ontop.
One of the other reviewers said it is inconsistent-- I agree 100% although I have never had a bad experience.  Sometimes they'll charge different prices for things, sometimes you'll get something different than what you order, sometimes you'll get a double order of something... yes all those things have happened to us.  Mainly it's due to the language barrier.
But overall I would recommend this place- especially if you like good authentic Mexican food and you don't get bent out of shape if your order is a teensy bit wrong :)Still looking for a place to replace my beloved Los Jalapenos, I decided to try delivery from here. I got a tortilla soup and a sampler with a little bit of everything - quesadilla, flauta, nachos... The delivery guy arrived on bike an hour later with my soup totally spilled out into the plastic bag. I understand that this is a Mexican restaurant but I would love for the person who delivers my food to me to at least be able to communicate with me when a problem like this comes up. I sent him and the bag of soup on his way and went in to check out the rest. It looked good enough, but was totally cold. Like I had to microwave it twice. I think this food had the potential to be pretty yummy, but I probably won't try again.The overwhelming stench of mothballs that plagues our noses upon entry did not bode well for this divy taco spot on stylish E Passyunk. It got better.But not until the tacos came. The chips were greasy, but worked to sop up the tasty salsa verde and rojo. The apps were American Mexican food, dripping with cheese and deep fried. But the tacos were a breath of fresh air (literally)--the mixed meat tacos were solid, and al pastor were also good.  It's BYO which = cheap, which is good because it wasn't worth spending too much here. If you're on E Passyunk and want something a bit more authentic it's an OK option, but I'd opt to walk North to Washington and hit up Montecuma or the one with the really long, un-prounouncable name instead.As someone who doesn't eat meat, I don't expect to have a lot of choices when I go out. El Zarape used to have a few vegetarian options besides your average veggie burrito. Now, the meatless options are practically nil. Every item has meat in it, even the enchiladas suizas, and some items seem like they came from the menu at Taco Bell. (Keep your ranch dressing away from my Mexican food.) The new menu seems like an incredibly bad move since the Cantina is across the street and most of its menu items are veg friendly.
I used to go to El Zarape fairly frequently. Now I doubt I'll be back unless they change menus again.Ok. I have to update my review. The food is still excellent. Period. Next paragraph.
They're take-out service is pretty freakin' sketchy. Sometimes it's flawless, probably 25% of the time... and other times, they'll tell you to wait a sec, and put the phone down when you call, and forget you're there... I hang up after waiting patiently for over 8 minutes, and try to call back, but they only have one phone line, so now the phone is off the hook...
Or we had it happen twice, where they either forgot our order, or "thought it was a pick-up order" is what they said... even after we called back 3 times over the course of an hour PAST the promised 45 minute delivery estimate they said during the order.
And they never give you the total or estimated delivery time on phone, without you asking for it before they quickly hang up after the order is placed. Which the total cost is pretty critical, as the delivery guys rarely have change... they seem to just be surprised when you hand them 2 twenties for a $29 order, and are expecting them to make change.
So in closing, food is great. Delivery service is pretty damned frustrating.Delicious, fresh, guacamole.  Good salsa verde (and therefore, Enchiladas Verde).  Pastor and tounge tacos got good reviews from my boyfriend and the rest of our party.  It is almost never crowded.  They have REAL COCA COLA! (with sugar instead of corn syrup).  You can also get a 2 piece combo instead of a 3 piece combo, which I love.  Any combination of enchiladas, tacos, etc.  Great, simple, cheap Mexican food.If you like your huevos any time of the day, El Zarape is the place to go. With eight egg-based options breakfast or brunch is a go whenever you want.  I had the Huevos Mexicanas, which was stuffed with peppers, tomatoes and onions and was VERY tasty.  It came with refried beans and Spanish rice which were both really good and very authentic.  This is a fairly authentic Mexican Taqueria.  They were playing the Mexico football game projected on a large screen, which was popular with the locals.  It's right across the street from the Cantina, but this is where the real Mexicans go. I can't wait to try the other menu items.  
The only drawback is that the prices were a bit higher than I expected.  That said, the breakfast came as a platter, not a la carte, with coffee or oj so it ain't that bad.This place changed owners...not as good as it used to be, and that makes me sad.
Usually I get take out from here, it is only a couple blocks from my house. I hadn't gone for a couple months, only to pick up some tacos the other night and have the waitress tell me the place was sold and has new owners. I should have realized something was up when it took 4 tries for someone to answer the phone when I called in my order...
I got tacos al pastor and chips with salsa. The tacos were significantly smaller/less filled than before. They used to be bursting at the seams. The meat itself was tasty, but the tortillas were definitely store bought, not homemade. Neither were the chips. Oh, how I used to love those chips. And they gave me like, a half a cup of salsa with a huge box of chips. Seriously, It took about 5 chips to use up the salsa! Listen, I'm not one of those "the more you get, the better it is" people. I'm all about quality. If the stuff was just as good, but less, I might be okay with it. But it's not cool to go from getting a TON of delicious food to a little bit of mediocre food. 
The waitress handed me a "new" menu. It has a ton of stuff on it, some of it looks fancier and more expensive, as opposed to the plain, more authentic menu it once was. It reminded me of Chi-Chi's/mexican chain type of stuff, but I can't tell you what it was because I threw the menu out. Maybe the fancier stuff it better, who knows. Maybe one of these days I'll try the newer stuff, but I'm not exactly psyched about it. Oh well.
Also, it is no longer accepting credit/debit cards.This place is is filled with ethnicity: they start off with "Hola!" and finish up with "Gracias!" I love how everything about them is so authentic, especially the food.
The best part I like about El Zarape is the people working there; always smiling and giving helpful recommendations. 
The food is pretty good--tacos have always been tasty (Al Pastor is my favorite--but the fish tacos were just okay, I don't recommend them). Although delicious and filling, the burritos are not THAT exciting.
FYI. They do not offer the pizza tacos anymore--I asked and was informed that they stopped about a year ago.Open up your byo beers that you bought from the bottle shop down the street. Munch on a bowl of chips and sides. Then tacos al pastor with an horchata. Not the best al pastor I had but still damn good. Great prices and great service.Skip the orange building and go directly across the street for delish Mexican food at a really cheap price! I highly suggest Al Pastor (con piña)/ Marinated pork with pineapple tacos and the guacamole that is prepared table-side. WARNING: The green salsa is deceivingly spicy, so proceed with caution.I'd say this is a 3.5 to 4 star joint. Coming from California I'm really picky about my Mexican food and although this restaurant doesn't have what I'm used to, I still think it's pretty decent. I have never actually eaten at the restaurant and always order takeout via grubhub. They are open late and they have no delivery charge
I usually get the avocado enchiladas. I've also tried their tacos, nachos, guac dip, azteca soup, etc all of which are good. Their salsas are also amazing. However, I'm irked you cannot buy chips & salsa as an appetizer.It's across the street from the Cantina Los Caballitos. (which is also a great place too! But El Zarape is less about being hip, and more about getting your mexi-grub on!) So when you just want to fill 'yer belly, El Zarape is the place to go when you're at Passyunk and Morris.
It's a really great place to get some authentic Mexico-city-style Mexican food. Great for just some tacos, but also has great platters too. Way better than Taqueria Veracruzana on Washington. (I'll never bother going north of Washington again!) I love the Chorizo Con Queso tacos. Their meats are top-notch.
And very nice wait-staff, but not always completely english speaking... but always trying their best to understand your order completely... and they learned my weird food requests after the second time I went there.
And they don't have liquor, but you can bring your own.Fastest mexican food to go on the avenue. I love getting take out here because it literally takes a few minutes. I typically go with my best friend who is more fluent in spanish than I am, which makes ordering so much easier. 
I love how much flavor and spice is in everything. The portions are huge, so I always have enough to pack the next day..
Also a nice selection of mexican sodas. Great food for the price.Try the tacos al pastor here. I'm a huge fan of the tacos served at the head house square farmers market and these definitely remind me of them. They also give you fresh chips and salsa AND a side of refried black beans. It doesn't seem like much but I found the beans to be great. I liked the food here much better than the hipster haven across the street. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with Cantina if you're trying to get your drink on....but if you're looking for authentic mexican food  El Zarape is the place to be.Great Mexican food here. The food is really really really good (and this is from someone who has lived in Mexico and loves Mexican food). The only thing that was not that great was the guacamole dip (kind of bland flavor). Other than that check out this joint! If you love tacos you will have come to the right place.Friendly and great, cheap food. It's BYOB which may be why the place across the street is more populated, but the food is delicious and prepared with care! As an added treat, ask the owner how to say hello in his Aztec language. The Hand made corn tortillas and the agua de sandia are especially tasty.I took my grandmother to dinner here. We started here, then went across the street because it was too hot. Los Cabalitos was too hipster which I should have considered beforehand, and we ended up back here. 
The service here had to be by far the worst I've experienced. The waitress stood there and watched me eat a piece of steak my grandmother wanted to give me with my fingers. Disgusting. Don't offer me a fork or a knife. That's ok. I can understand I guess one bite, but it's my grandmother I was eating with and obviously she wanted to feed me.
The chicken soup was the most unflavored, watered down broth with a bag of mixed frozen vegetables thrown in. You know the kind-- peas, carrots, corn. It wasn't even cooked. I kid you not. Of course the waitress must have seen that it remained uneaten but she just pretended not to notice. It was like $7. The Aztec soup my grandmother had for $5 was better.
She ordered the carne asada ($16). I only noticed that they hadn't asked her the temperature when it came to the table well done. Usually carne asada is sliced for you...this wasn't. It was a bit, gristle laden piece of well done meat. No spices, no flavor. WTF?
By the time she was ready for coffee and dessert, I was praying to god that they didn't have it. I didn't want to give this establishment another $2 let alone $10.My boyfriend and I get takeout here quite often, but our first time dining in was a few weeks ago.  We were in search of a place to grab a quick yummy bite for breakfast.  Usually, we go to Cafe Lift, but this particular morning we were planning to try out Carmen's Country Kitchen.  To our surprise, Carmen's was temporarily closed due to the owner being out of the country. This led us to remember that one of our favorite little take out joints, El Zarape, has a breakfast menu.  
We arrived at noon and saw that they had started serving lunch items.  The place was not busy at all and had a group of hip couples at one table and a group of older Hispanic males sitting at another table.  Some sort of Entertainment Tonight type tv show was playing on the tv, but in spanish with voluptuous scantily clad Hispanic ladies hosting the show.  
So anyway, we asked the server if we could possibly order from the breakfast menu.  She asked us to wait a moment while she checked with the kitchen staff.  Well, the cook actually came out of the kitchen and walked over to our table to talk to us.  He handed us the breakfast menu and stated that we could still order from it.  He also mentioned that we could order basically anything we wanted and he would try to create it for us in the kitchen.  
I decided to order pancakes and eggs scrambled with cheese.  My boyfriend ordered sausage and eggs.  While we waited for our orders, we nommed some delicious salsa, black beans, and scrumptious fresh hot tortillas.  We both had a yummy filling and quick breakfast together for a total of about $15.  Not bad considering that Cafe Lift usually seems to cost around $30 total for our occasional weekend breakfast outing.  Also, the cook actually checked back in with us to make sure that the meal was to our satisfaction. 
Other than this good breakfast experience, I generally order the gringa or queso fundido off of the specials section of the menu.  If you are like me and adore consuming massive amount of cheese in a soft tortilla, then I suggest the queso fundido.  It is mixed melted cheese in 3 or 4 small folded flour tortillas.  The gringa is good for pork lovers and is basically more mixed melted cheese with pork in a flour tortilla.  These items only cost about $7 each.  
As a bacon lover, my boyfriend always orders the El Zarape Special.  This massive amount of food is a plate full of mixed melted cheese, BACON, beef, onions, peppers, more pork, and flour tortillas to use as a vessel for this deliciousness.  
Oh, and definitely try the Aztec Soup! The flavor reminded me of eating a tamale, but broken up in soup form with chunks of avocado.
Alright, my first yelp review is now complete!    
P.S. 
El zarape's food is tastier than Cantina's food, but Cantina's hipness and cool atmosphere is superior to that of El zarape.Just ate here for the first time and it's friggin' ridiculous. I love Mexican food, and having lived in Norristown for a while, I got spoiled. I checked this place out based on a recommendation and was not disappointed. For $8, I got a Cubana sandwich. Breaded chicken, breaded steak, ham, eggs, avocado, tomatoes, cheese, and sauce. This sandwich was amazing. My wife had a chicken burrito, which was also kick ass.
I would definitely recommend this place, and I will definitely go back.All I have to say is that the staff of the Cantina eat here when they are on shift instead of their own kitchen. 
I'm just sayin'.... WHITE RICE????Food was bad. No taste. No spice. Fajitas came with no shells. Said no beans received beans. Appetizer sampler was burnt. Salsa and guac were good as well as the chips. Get the chips and sauce n then run out.It's just not as good as before the new owners took over. It's still OK, but I miss the homemade chips, the variety of salsas, the homemade tortillas...overall it has more options now, but less satisfying. Would have given it 4 stars one year ago. There are better taquerias closer to Washington (and still in the same delivery area).All hope was lost.  Finding good mexican food in the city was useless, so i went to priceline.com, just before booking my flight south of the border though I decided to give El Zarape a shot.  For those of you that havent heard of it, its that small restaurant across the street from the sad food they serve at Los Cabollitos on Passyunk (actually, los cabollitos isnt that bad, and is a good place to grab a drink)...anyway, I showed up with a 6 pack of beer (read BYOB) and my fingers crossed.  
first, El Zarape, has almost no ambiance.  it's a triangular shaped restaurant with basic tables and chairs and no decorations of note, other than the giant Virgin Mary statue.  The place has one TV that played Telemundo and the awesomely senseless spanish speaking  gameshows on that network.  Overall, the ambiance was nothing special...and that is exactly how a good mexican restaurant should be...something isnt right if you are spending a million dollars to renovate a restaurant to make it look like a mexican street corner, when it comes to mexican...let the food create the ambiance.  with that said, this may not be the place you want to come to impress your girlfriend, and it definitely is out of line with the new wave of upscale byo restaruants in the city and on passyunk, but places like this have their place.  perfect for a relaxed date, a meal before a night out, or a meal when you've had a night out and need some good food to finish it off.
the food.  chips and salsa were provided upon being seating and they were pretty awesome.  2 salsas were provided.  one was a red salsa with some definite heat, a second was a salsa verde that was refreshing, and finally a refried black bean dip was also provided.  I would have been content just eating this all night, but we decided to order the chicken empanadas as an appetizer.  The emapanadas were delicious, prefectly fried and served with pico de gallo and cheese dip.  the appetizer order was really big so we didnt make much of a dent in it.  for entrees i went with the chicken enchallidas with the mole poblano sauce and my wife had the beef burrito.  both serving sizes were huge.  the enchilladas were among some of the best i've ever had.  the burrito was also very good.  
overall, it was an excellent experience.  Very pleasant and fast service.  very excellent food.  good ambiance (depending on what you are looking for).  
price wise it was very reasonable.  Entrees were about $8-12.  And since its BYOB you can save some money.  
FYI....if you need to grab some beer to bring to the restaurant The Bottle Shop is just down the street and has a good selection of 6 packs and bombers.I was excited to try El Zarape since I had heard good things about it, but it was pretty disappointing both from a food perspective, general ambiance and service. When we arrived, we were quickly seated at a table. There was one large crowd on their way out and another group of twenty-something hipster types (more on that later). We saw one server, so expected it to be a bit slow and it definitely was. It was probably about 15 minutes before we had drinks + chips & salsa. The salsas were very good, but quite spicy. They also serve a complimentary black bean + cotija dip which was tasty. For 3 of us, we ordered a cubana sandwich, enchiladas with mole sauce and carnitas tacos to split. The cubana was probably the highlight of the meal with decent flavors and textures throughout the sandwich. The carnitas tacos were fairly tasteless and probably could have benefited from either hot sauce, salt or some salsa. Definitely would not recommend those. The enchiladas with mole sauce were mediocre, but I couldn't really give a fair assessment of the mole since there was not much sauce on them. They were however, quite soggy. Overall, I thought the food was really lacking in taste in general. Most of the items were generally soggy and bland. Throughout the meal, we did not have the waitress come over to refill our waters at all, which I thought was kind of frustrating since the salsas definitely pack some heat. The group of twenty something hipsters were basically above and beyond what most people would consider loud and obnoxious. They were repeating the same joke over and over which basically involved moaning loudly (basically shouting). We mentioned the disturbance to the waitress, but she wanted nothing to do with it. I was surprised neither she or any of the kitchen staff came out to tell them to quite down. The fact that it's BYOB might mean this happens often, but these idiots were probably the exception if I had to guess. Also, I am not taking this into account of my 2 stars. I based that on the food and service, but the ambiance was poor also due  to the restaurants non-interest in addressing the extremely rude and loud customers.We used to go here regularly and were pleased to find this traditional Mexi option in the neighborhood. Over time, though, the luster has been lost. I wish there was a bit more effort applied to some of the basics. Perhaps they're now understaffed, but they're sort of going through the motions. From the intense lysol smell you experience half the time, to the random selections on the very prominent television, to the mostly spotty and stoic service. I always wanted a non-Cabalitos option, but over time i've come to learn that the Cantina across the street is pretty much great for our needs. El Jarocho is also great, but small and off the avenue. 
Hope Zarape somehow improves.I like this place.  Delivery takes a little while and if you don't pickup their food is not that great.  Favorite item is Cuban torta which comes with a fried egg on it and avocado and is HUGE.   Tacos are pretty badass I would go with the Al Pastor though because it is only 6$ and the cheapest.  Chalupas are 5$ and are pretty good they get soggy kinda quick though.    
El Zarape is a safe bet.  If they say 20 minutes, dont show up for like 35.I've walk by El Zarape daily and have always wanted to stop by for the first time today I did.  My girlfriend and I both left stuffed and only spent $20.00.  The food was amazing, I had the slow cooked chicken burrito which was delicious.  If you are looking for some quick and delicious  authentic Mexican food go to El Zarape.This is the only restaurant where i order the same thing over and over. I've been here about seven times and have only ate three different dishes.  Always the Azteca Soup. I love it. It has fresh avacado in it and the broth is amazing, Secondly, i always get the chicken empanadas. They are much better than the beef,  I found the beef ones greasy and lacking in flavor.  My husband eats something different and cleans his plate everytime we go and he's a very picky eater.  Try it out, if not just for the free warm bean dip and salsas.Your tacos are so fly, they should have wings. 
We order from El Zarape A LOT. There is a slight language barrier with the order-taker, but for the most part our food arrives perfectly. 
But, I don't think you go to El Zarape for the service... you go for some of the best authentic mexican food this side of Washington. As a burrito expert, I have sampled many bundles of joy across our great nation and NONE come close to the awesomeness of El Zarape.
tl;dr - Need atmosphere? Go to Cantina. Need Amazing Cheap food? Go to El Zarape.Mexican food obsessed person= ME!
Ordered take out from El Zarape with my roommate last night and it was a great decision! I had the steak tacos which were OVERLOADED with actual delicious steak, cilantro and onions. I wish I had asked for Mexican cheese though :/ Not as moist as I prefer either. But still the flavor was perfect! 
Both salsas were for true spice lovers only but awesome flavors. I could really only handle the verde! 
My roommate had the shrimp caesar salad, and she absolutely loved it. grilled shrimp and then a sort of garlic cheese bread to dip in the dressing was awesome. I wish they served alcohol so I would want to eat in. Alcohol just makes Mexican that much bette.I love their food! Its delicious, well-priced mexican food.  very authentic entrees and apps.  Its kind of a shame that the cantina is right across the street because it probably takes away from their business. I mean, don't get me wrong... the cantina has pretty ok food and an awesome atmosphere (oh yeah, and booze) but this place is a cheaper and in my opinion- tastier alternative.  I've had the chicken quesadilla, the vegetarian burrito, and the guacamole... everything was great!This food is delicious and CHEAP. You don't want to eat in the place... but you should get TAKE-OUT! Trust me! 
The chorizo tacos are banging! The guacamole is also great --- Get take out and enjoy!This review is for the little water ice stand attached to the restaurant. It's not as good as Rita's---it doesn't have that fresh texture, with the chunks of fruit. But it is what it is: a decent litte corner store to grab water ice on a hot day. Plus, a small runs you $1 flat, which, I believe, is a good 50 cents less than Rita's.Food was really good but the service was a bit slow the day we went.  There was only one other table of customers but they were a pretty big group.  We weren't in a hurry so it wasn't a big deal, but worth mentioning.  The staff was very friendly though.
We also ordered delivery from here and the food didn't seem as good when we had it at home.  Also, you get delicious chips and salsas if you eat there.my roommate use to live close this place and never had anything good to say about it. Against his word, I decided to give this place a whirl after hearing some good things from co-workers. GOOD DECISION.
the bland burritos & sub-par tacos the roomie described must be long gone because what I've gotten have been delightful.Their burritos are good (friend tried and liked the veggie. I like the chicken fajita burrito over the classic) and the guacamole is what my dreams are made of. I want to eat that all the time. Gonna grab a sandwich and some other small things next time I think.
I live close to the Taco Loco truck so I'm very into cheap, decent tacos & burritos BUT when the loco isn't open, El Zarape is and it's totally worth it even if it costs a bit more.YUM! Admittedly, the service is not awesome, but the food is so good (and so reasonably priced for the area) that I couldn't give it less than 5 stars. Love the quesadillas fritas, the guacamole and the open-faced tacos.Just moved to Philly, I've been looking for a good Mexican place. This is it! They have great burritos, and some incredibly good salsas! 
I will be back.I've become a tacos al pastor junkie thanks to Los Taquitos de Puebla. Nothing has compared to them until possibly El Zarape? The tacos al pastor here were covered in pineapple love. The meat was a little crispy on the outside which gave the tacos a great texture. They had that gross/delicious pineapple fat-juice leaking out when you picked the tacos up. Plus, El Zarape gives you yummy chips which they don't at Los Taquitos de Puebla . However, those chips make me feel weird pains in my chest and I feel full for like a week afterwards so that may not be a good thing. El Zarape, I think you're my new bff!Initially, I went to Zarape only when Cantina was too crowded and my friends and I weren't feeling all that patient. After the first few times of consistently delicious food though, it is now my go to restaurant for Mexican food. The food is authentic, prices are low, and the service is great. What else is there to say...... oh, the burritos are fantastic.Easily the best Mexican food in the area. The complimentary chips and bean dip are superb. The ambiance is super casual and while they have never screwed up an order that I've eaten there but when I order take out, it's about a 50/50 chance there will be some mistake. But for the price, it can't be beaten.the foods great, just do not have it delivered, it always take at least 90mins even though it is less than a mile away, and sometimes it just never comes at all....El Zarape lacks ambiance, but the food is good and the prices reasonable. The Chuleta Fresca/Fresh pork chop taco, Al Pastor (con piña)/Marinated pork with pineapple taco and Frijoles Charros/Beans casserole are all very tasty and none is over $8 for an order.  Delivery can be a slow and laborious process.  It is always much better to walk in, order, run an error and then come back and pick up our food.  The service has always been very polite when we have eaten in.It's Cinco de Mayo and we just signed a lease to live on the block.  We tried to head to the hipster-packed Cantina Los Caballitos but there was a huge wait due to the holiday.  We tried El Zarape across the street.
Service was excellent.  Waitress was friendly and attentive.  Food came amazingly fast!  We had one mix-up on a dish possibly due to a bit of language barrier.  The server was actually Mexican, you see... which is a plus.  But they fixed it in minutes, so no worries.
I asked the waitress for her recommendation and she was surprised then recommended the chicken enchiladas in mole sauce.  They were delish!  My girlfriend got a shrimp burrito and said it was average.
Prices were ok.  And we definitely didn't try it for the ambiance.  (Though they had some good Latin music playing.)  But because of the friendly and fast service we'll definitely come back!I just popped in here to get a vegetarian burrito to go. I didn't quite know what to expect, but that burrito was damn good. And their rice and beans are kind of amazingly delicious. 
But, where the hell can someone get a portable burrito in this town? They're always served in a container and need to be eaten with a fork and knife. I like mine all wrapped tightly in foil--so much neater and easier to eat.I've walked past El Zarape a few times and planned to eat there at some point. Lucky for me I just noticed them on grub hub and decided to order in one night. Beef Empanadas were good not too greasy, but the cheese sauce they gave to dip in them was watered down terribly. Tacos were good, chicken was cooked just right, but not filled as much as the picture posted here, maybe half that. Gave me plenty of lime to go with it. Tres Leches cake was so-so. I've had better. No chips included but they gave me several kinds of salsa.  Prices seem a bit high to me.I really wanted this place to be good, but it really wasn't.  The service was very slow.  We got our chips at the end of the meal after asking three times.  A few of the tables were not cleared and were covered with dirty dishes and napkins the entire time we were there, which was more than an hour. The tacos al pastor had a lot of pineapple in them, which I didn't care for, and the rice and beans were a bit bland.  Unfortunately, I probably will not return to this place.I have a soft spot for the Mexican stylings s of El Zarape because, unlike a lot of the other taquerias popping up all over South Philly, this place uses bacon  and mozzarella cheese in some of their dishes, and who doesn't like that?  My favorite lunch is the "Gringa" quesadilla -  lean pork (not those fatty cubes of pork you often find in the more traditional taco joints) marinated and grilled, with mozzarella cheese & grilled pineapple.  
Pork, cheese and pineapple?  It  works I tell you.
 The side of beans (I forget the name they have for it but there is definatly a "frijole" in) it is much more like a delicious bean & bacon soup that comes with warm tortillas that the usual glop of refried beans. Try it you like it. Same goes for the homemade horchata.
The price are much lower than that gringo place across the street and you get something more authentic with a friendly and funny staff.Ordered take out, order was wrong, and I didn't even get some things I paid for.  Food sub par. Didn't even give me salsa. SuckedI first sampled El Zarape at this year's Flavors of the Avenue.  They were one of the most popular booths, and waiting in the line was well worth it.  After scoring a menu from their booth, I vowed to make a delivery order in the near future.
We have a few favorite South Philly Mexican places, and this has now been added to my list!  They deliver (very quickly), and the food was excellent.  I had the shrimp burrito and queso fundido.  They were both just what I was looking for.  I was so pleased with the meal.  Great taste, in my living room, and speedy delivery.  I will definitely be ordering from El Zarape again . . . and as much as it pains me to say this, it might have replaced my love for El Jarocho.This place is fantastic.  The homemade salsas start the evening off beau-tifully.  The guacamale also seems to be made with the most delicous and greenest avocado's I have seen.  My girlfriend tends to stay with the "al pastor con pina", a marinated pulled pork taco with pineapple, and cilantro.  Better than SPTR's Pork Tacos.  Their are 3 in the order for $7.00. the burritos are classic, huge amounts of marinated pork, chorizo, etc.  The food here is amazing, by far the best Mexican food is East Passyunk.  Stop at The Bottle Shop a block south on Passyunk Ave for a few beers to bring with you and you should be all set.  Enjoy.I decided to order some Mexican food, via GrubHub, and this place came up with a decent rating. My friend and I decided to go through with an order of chips with guac, fish tacos, and an enchilada. A fairly simple order, I presumed.
The estimated delivery time was about an hour after my order. I felt this was okay, as I live on the other side of town in Old City, and El Zarape is located on Passyunk. A fairly long trek, but they advertised that they indeed delivered to my area.
After the first hour passed, and then twenty more minutes passed, I decided to call the restaurant as I had received no phone call whatsoever about my order delivery. The woman on the phone was hard to understand as she spoke way too fast, but she reassured me the order was only 5 minutes away.
Thirty minutes later, I still had no food.
I finally walked outside to see an El Zarape employee stumbling down my alley on his bicycle, riding right past my house. We yelled for him to come back, and he made his way over with the food.
I've ordered plenty of times from GrubHub, and the delivery person never seems to have this many issues delivering to my apartment. I was getting really frustrated at this point.
The food was cold. Messy. All over the place. We were so hungry, that we just ate it. The guacamole wasn't bad, but certainly not up to par with some of the excellent guac I've experienced in Philly.
I won't be ordering again. Especially considering the total was almost $40.