After being recommended here from a friend and remembering that Chef Jason was a Top Chef veteran, I had really high hopes for the place but unfortunately, I was really let down.
I managed to score a date with my girlfriend on a Saturday for our 1 year anniversary and hoped that the supposed excellent food would elevate the evening but while the concepts of the dishes are imaginative with a touch of whimsy, the execution falls really flat.
My 4 Course Tasting (Plus Extras)
Starter Cheese Plate (Share with GF): Nice starter with 3 different types of cheese and accompaniments.
Whipped Foie Gras: This is where the problems start. Though the texture of the foie was honestly divine, pairing this with peanuts made the dish way too salty to thoroughly enjoy. The balance between sweet and salty was not even close which is a criticism that followed through the whole evening.
Scallop Noodles: The dish I was most looking forward to all night from Top Chef fame. Though the dish sounds gimmicky, the texture of the noodles and the flavor they impart really adds to the dish but like the Foie, the broth was beyond salty (almost too much to finish it) and the smoked hoison turned out to be way more sour then anything else.
Cobia: Overall this dish was the best of the night simply because it wasn't super super salty (though by no means a perfect dish). Overall though, the fish was a bit on the dry side and the black truffle fummete sauce was a bit too lemony and had to be left alone in order to enjoy the rest of the meal.
Cookie Dough: Honestly the biggest letdown of the night. I understand the whole sweet/salty vibe that they were trying to get to and I loved the gooeyness of the dish but the chef honestly forgot to put any sugar into my cookie and all I tasted was a big bite of salt. I tried mixing it with the ice cream and the meringue hoping it would cut the salt action but to no effect. 
On the plus side, the Saviougn Blanc was really delicious and a steal at under $25 due to Philly wine week. In addition, the sizes of the tasting menu were quite generous (probably 30% bigger then most restaurants) and under no circumstances did I leave the meal hungry.
When you pay close to $100 per person on a special meal for a special occasion, having this many fundamental errors of having a way too heavy hand with the salt is really inexcusable and a big letdown.I wish I hadn't waited so long after my visit here to write my review because I actually can't recall exactly what I had! I just know it was damn good. High quality, skilled cooking. Service was great, decor was relaxing and peaceful. Drink menu varied, albeit a wee bit pricey. But this place is definitely worth going out of your way to visit.Been there several times and only been disappointed once -- by fois gras. That, most likely, was an unrealistic expectation from reading too much. Especially appreciate the menu structure/pricing, as well as the bread and water bottle.Went for a friend's birthday dinner, and start off with a drink at the bar while I was waiting for them. The drink I had (forgot the name) - consisted of smoked strawberries - sounded cool, but actually just made my cocktail taste like bacon. Things that taste like bacon are usually a great thing, but drinking it isn't always the most appetizing option. 
Starting with the bread that they served, I could tell that the meal was going to be spectacular. it was delicious, and set some high expectations for the rest of the meal.
Dinner was great. Lots of wine, lots of food. We ordered a few different appetizers for the table, some of the star players being the fried Vietnamese buns. I think they were filled with magic, they were so yummy. For my entree, I ordered the skate - perfectly seasoned, delicious, and made me feel like I wasn't wasting my time or money. 
Dessert was also delicious, and they brought out a special treat for my friend's birthday. Waiter was super attentive and catered to our needs. Will definitely be returning for more dinners - apparently their brunch is also on point!this was our first time here and was outstanding ! first the staff was very friendly, our waitress was very nice as well and very helpful and answered all the questions about the menu. For me the perfect start  is the bread it sets the tone for the rest of the meal and the bread was great and the oil they served with it was smoked and was out of this world had 3 serving of it. We had the 'tasting of 4' both of us first 'roasted beet tartare' was good, 'whipped foir-gras' good also, 'baby spanish octopus' very tender liked it a lot,
one of the reasons I came here, 'diver scallops' they were good but not as good as the waitress raved about them. 'rowhan duck' was good but a little on the small side for a portion and luke warm. ''pulled short rib' was good also about the same portion as the duck, each dish needed more time in the oven for heat enstead of looking pretty! save that for the pictures in the magazines. For dessert 'chocolate ganache' liked it , 'Banana Brulee' this was the biggest disapointment of the dinner, was not good and not at all what we expected ! it just didnt do it for us at all, over all I would go again and would highly recommend getting the 'tasting for 4 or 5' if your looking for place that has over sized portions dont go here, but if you want good food and food that tasted good than try it out, its a cool restaurant and are doing a great jobLoved this dinner. My boyfriend and I had the four course tasting menu for $59 each I believe - essentially picking one thing from each "bites" column and a dessert - plus unlike most tasting menus (and unlike their 6 course one) we didn't have to have the same dishes - a plus so we could try more things!
I had the potato leek soup, scallops, duck confit, and the cookie dough. My boyfriend had the beets, duck hearts, monkfish, and passion fruit tart. All were absolutely wonderful, complex combinations but well balanced, etc. My sole critique was that my cookie dough dessert (a nice combo of hot cookie and cold ice cream) was so hot that my ice cream was almost soup by the time I could eat it as opposed to just nice and melty. They should let it cool a bit before adding the ice cream.
Cocktails were innovative and really tasty, Service was fantastic, noise level and ambiance was lovely (happy and lively but bit too loud, intimate lighting and candles but not too dark). Very warm and inviting and we loved our evening. Will be back with friends in tow!Let me start by saying if you like well-cooked, flavorful and sometimes daring food, and/or kick-ass cocktails you have to go to Ela. That said, if you're a huge eater, the portions are small and the prices a bit high considering, so you'll spend a decent amount to be satiated. Those things in perspective, I still urge daters, friends, family and anyone looking for a cute, neighborhood spot to go to Ela now. A group of four, we got one app (the celery soup, which was amazing), every "second" dish (the octopus seemed to be the table's hands down fave, but the gnocci and fois gras were close), and two entrees--the duck, which is a chef's feed pick, but we weren't bowled over by, and the short ribs, which was an interesting presentation of a "log" of short rib, for lack of a better description, which was tough on the outside, but still tender and flavorful on the inside. We all loved our cocktails. The names are great and combos are interesting but work deliciously. The one with whiskey and passion fruit was especially interesting. Service was good, the place was hot as hell, and the desserts also tasty. Saw the brunch menu which looks amazing and for which we'll be back.A group of 7 of us were able to get a reservation here on a Saturday night at 8:30, however we weren't seated until closer to 9:30. 
We decided to do a a mix of the 4 course and 5 course samplers between the 7 of us. I was able to try: japanese bass crudo (delicious, ask for a spoon to finish the ponzu), baby spanish octopus (octopus was grilled perfectly, wasn't a huge fan of the tomato concentrate or sweet and sour eggplant) and the trout (decent but not overwhelmingly memorable). Other items I sampled at the table: general tso's duck hearts (would order these again), whipped foie gras (well done, the gingerbread is an excellent complement), green asparagus (crispy and savory), diver scallop "noodles" (a "fun" take on scallops, but i do love a good seared scalloped instead), pulled beef short rib (tasty, but not the most succulent I've had. Wasn't a fan of the steel cut oats pairing) and lamb neck roast.
For desserts we got a mix of items: soft chocolate (i'd say best pick on the menu, delicious soft chocolate balls with blood orange whip), cheese cake (tasted like tofu, hardly finished these at our table. The crispy puffs also didn't fit well on the plate) and the cookie dough (tasted like a chocolate souffle) and the espresso martini (do not drink if you actually enjoy coffee/espresso).
We had a fun dining experience and I'd say I would definitely like to sample a few other items on the menu or come back for brunch. The space is modern and contemporary and the cocktail list also looks innovative. It's worth a venture down to check out.Yummy food, fast and courteous service! Parking is a nightmare, I suggest parking a couple of blocks away in the fabric districtOne thing: After spending over $300 the staff had the audacity to ask us to leave our table and drink the remainder of our beverages at the bar. We were at our table for 1.5 hours, be respectful Ela.
Was very excited to try Ela during one of my alumni group's monthly brunch club outings  - extremely disappointed with the food. The restaurant itself is a nice space and the service was decent but the food was bland and my entree, along with a few others in my party, came out stark cold. I ordered the short rib eggs benedict and had to send it back because of the temperature. In the meantime, I tried a friend's burger which was very flavorful and cooked to the correct temperature ordered; though the fries were stone cold. When the waitress returned with my "newly" prepared benedict, much to my disbelief, it was stone cold. At this point I recognized that the temperature error of my dish was not going to be rectified and I dealt with eating a cold short rib egg benedict (which is highly not recommended).
The plus? My Vietnamese Coffee with bourbon was excellent and exactly what I needed, caffeine and bourbon, to get through the brunch unscathed by my entree experience.Went for Sunday brunch and easily got a reservation that same morning. Plenty of seats when we got there so reservation might not have been needed. Great size menu wiu just enough options to satisfy you but not so many you're overwhelmed. Had the buttermilk biscuits with a side of the toast. Great flavors all around and just enough to satisfy me but not be uncomfortably full either. Def recommend for brunch!I was very excited to come here last night with my friend for dinner. We were greeted by a very friendly hostess, and had an excellent waitress. She suggested that both my friend and I each order all 3 courses, and we happily took her advice and split everything.
1st course: hamachi and oysters...I didn't really like the oyster/bacon combination, but the hamachi was nice and refreshing.
2nd course: Foie gras and scallop noodles. The foie gras was INCREDIBLE. It was so creamy, it melted in your mouth, and the black berries atop each perfect little scoop was amazing compliment, along with the crunchiness of the gingerbread. This was by far my favorite part of the meal :)
3rd course: Pork belly (delicious) and duck (also delicious)
We were too stuffed for dessert, so I guess I'll just have to come back again to try it. 
P.S. The other highlight of the meal was the olive oil you get with your bread. We were trying to figure out what was in it, I still don't know. But it was heaven on a plate.I've probably been to Ela 6+ times now and still continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Took my MIL for Brunch a few weekends ago and had a killer beet bloody mary, AMAZING cinnamon/raisin bread, and an amazing, amazing chicken dish- yes, Chicken- crispy skin and the most flavorful sauce. You have to keep in mind that the menu changes so many of the dishes you will read about here have come and gone- one of the things I love most about Ela- keeping it fresh!Tremendous meal. The gnocchi was all world and the duck,lamb and chicken were excellent.  Great atmosphere.  Put this on your list for great dinning experiences in Philly.Overrated. This place has potential but misses the mark.  It is far from a well-executed culinary experience and far too overpriced to be a casual night out with friends.  The negatives --- -we waited a long time for a table despite having a reservation,it was freezing in there (the first time that I ever had to complain to the staff to turn on the heat), the portions were tiny!, we waited 20 minutes between each of our four courses.  The deserts were the only "course" that was a reasonable size but they were far from tasty.  One of the deserts that we ordered was the cookie dough in ice cream.  I figured that was a safe bet...how do you screw-up cookie dough and ice cream - - but it was nasty.  The cookie dough tasted like salt!  There was more salt in the cookie dough ice cream dish than there was in all of the other courses combined.  I had a great time with the company I was with but I will not be returning here anytime soon.Visited Ela for the first time last night with friends. We each had the five course tasting menu and thus were able to get one of everything on the menu! My favorite dishes included the scallop noodles, the Lancaster chicken, and the duck hearts. The chef was sweet enough to send out an extra plate of the duck hearts on the house as well! Beautiful and intimate restaurant - it can get noisy since it's such a small space but still great for small groups to go to! Be warned. .the bathroom is tiny tiny tiny. I'm a petite girl - 5'2" and weigh 112 lbs. and I could barely fit into the bathroom because it's such a small space!We had a marvelous dinner at Ela last night. Everything was perfect from the cocktails through dessert. Service was professional and friendly. Some of the menu highlights were the fluke starter, the diver scallop noodles stir fry and the lamb short rib was to die for. My only regret was not going to this restaurant sooner. Top notch all around and a good vibe to boot.Was there for Easter brunch and the fix price menu looked really good! The deviled eggs were definitely amazing with a nice spicy kick. I also got the breakfast gnocchi and coconut angel food cake, both were okay.
The best part for me was the ambiance; it's a really cool and relaxed place though definitely upscale. The service was good but all the servers were "too cool for school," which was kind of a turn off.Mixed feelings about this place which is very disappointing as I just moved in a few blocks away and was hoping this would be my "regular" bar.  Poor customer service last night particularly at the bar, as we were denied any food from the bar menu because of the time we came in (9pm). I explained that I was interested in the bar menu because there were more vegetarian options and the bartender without compassion pointed out the whopping 3 items on other dinner menu that I could choose from (one had an egg in it, so really only 2 options for some vegs). Not vegetarian friendly at all.  I had checked the website in advance and it is not clear what time the bar menu is available. It's a shame because the drinks were good but I will not be back.absolutely delicious.  full of fun ingredients, unique twists on great dishes, very entertaining.  everything we ordered was perfect.  will definitely be back soon!The oysters are to die for and the foie gras mouse is very flavorful. Had the scallop noodles - felt like it was missing something but still good. Also I tried my husband's gnocchi, delicious! Environment is very nice - rustic and darkly light with an intimate setting.Great experience & fast service. This restaurant is dimly lit very sexy and the food was delicious. I had Sunday brunch, chocolate chip French toast ,cheese eggs & a melon mimosa yum. The staff was friendly and attentive. They also brought out this delicious cornbread with a strawberry sauce before my food was up. I would so come back again maybe for dinner next time. Oh they also have a small outdoor space, always a plus in the city on a nice day.Ela was such a wonderful experience.
We met another couple for dinner there a couple months back and really loved our time there.  The food was fabulous, the girls loved the drink/wine selection and they also had a (surprisingly) great craft beer selection.
The ambiance is exactly what you would think of a classy, trendy place to be.   Slightly dim, good background music and extremely polite service was all a part of the Ela experience.  Our waiter was forever asking if there was anything he could do without being overbearing and refreshed drinks and water quickly and quietly.  
We all chose the 6 course tasting menu, fully knowing we would all probably share a little of this and a little of that.  I can say the kale salad, whipped foie gras, lobster tagliatelle and short ribs were amazing.  We all left raving about the food and promising future visits.
As earlier mentioned and as a lover of craft beers, Ela pleasantly surprised us with their selection.  From witbiers to hefweizens and trippels, Ela provides a wonderful menu of craft beers and I would return simply for a few beers they serve.One of the best places in philly!!! A must try for all foodies!  Also our server Seth was awesome!!!We arrived at 6:30p on a Saturday night w/o reservations and were seated at the bar - closer to the drink never hurts. We had the basic tasting menu. The oysters were just ok. We've eaten here at least six times - they have different oysters each time, five out of six isn't bad. The diver scallop noodles - actually scallop pounded flat then cut into noodles, was excellent. The lobster pasta was equally good. The short-rib and sea bass were spot on - fantastic. I'd have given Ela five stars if not for desert. The best desert in Philly - ice cream w/ melted cookie dough has been replaced with something that approaches average. WHY?   Overall - the place is great. Bring back the cookie dough and return to five star status.Ela has been on my list of "must go's" from the second it opened and I finally made a reservation for last Friday. After making the reservation, I was thrilled to remember that I would enjoy my first "Foie Friday" by the man who coined the term himself for this June. 
It was a rainy summer night which was perfect. The decor was distressed and comfortable...just where I want to be on a rainy night. I wasn't thoroughly impressed with the drink menu so instead I enjoyed a delicious Pinot Noir that went fantastically with the meal. 
In the spirit of Foie Friday, we ordered the special Foie Gras dish as well as the one on the menu. The special that night was a whipped foie with watermelon and almonds. I thought the dish was a perfect summertime dish and very bright. My only complaint was that I wished there were more almonds. The other foie dish was also whipped on a raisin toast with gooseberries. Yum. Smooth, salty and sweet. Great. 
Moving away from Foie Gras to the rest of the meal... I was blown away by the truffle banh cam balls. I mean they're essentially dough balls filled with truffle that you dip in a spicy prune sauce underneath. So weird and so awesome. A must order. Next was the duck magret. I love duck magret and this had to be one of the best preparations. It was cooked to perfection and I loved the rhubard with it. Fantastic. I would have enjoyed the duck sliced thinner but I wouldn't call that a complaint. 
By the end of this meal, I was already racking my brain to decide who I should come back to this restaurant with!fabulous food, intriguing ambiance, and exceptional cocktails...they're named after Brand New songs which is a super creative touch. the service was also excellent! if i didn't live in nyc, i would frequent this restaurant on a very regular basis.It's ticking all the boxes of a "trendy" hip place of a 2008-2010 NY hip joint and the food is aspirational. 
The produce is good quality and I think the chef has good direction but there's a strange penchant for box tomato soup tasting chilli and flavour that tried to get in there once or twice which was nasty but thankfully optional. For example my scallop spaghetti- scallops were delicious- the red tomato thing on the toasted crostini - completely unnecessary. 
Then my partners fish dish- again delicious - but the foam..... Tasted ok- looked like a dog had puked on it after too much excitement. 
In all recommended in the area but I think the reviews I see in town are a bit too hyped for an outsider.great food, inventive chefs. portions are pretty small but everything tastes great and so creative. i liked crudo,  salmon with wild rice and salsify, scalop noodles with cream truffle sauce and cheesecake with kafir lime sauce. The only issue i had with scalop noodles, souse vide changed texture of scallop and made it overcooked.  Don't think it is best preparation for this dishSunday morning brunch with the girls is something I  always look forward to. We were extremely pleased in choosing Ela. First off I have to say the chicken and waffles is phenomenal. The chipotle syrup is the perfect touch to the southern style meal. They have some classic styled drinks but one that was particularly interesting was the bourbon spiked Vietnamese coffee. To be honest the coffee itself was alright but I liked the concept , did seem a little out of place with the rest of the menu though.
I will give service 5/5, the waiter took my order wrong and brought out the wrong dish with everyone else's. He quickly corrected the order and brought out complimentary pastries for the mishap. Always appreciated. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for some good food and a moderately quiet space to catch up with friends/familyGo here, now!! Had a reservation on a crowded Friday night and was seated at a table that was right in the middle of the restaurant, kinda looked like it was an afterthought. I wish I wasn't the kind of affected person who would be able to block out the small earthquakes that shook me and my table every time a server walked by- but I'm not.  We asked to move, which we dreaded but aside from having to wait a little extra it didn't seem like a problem at all. What a relief, plus our server picked up our round of drinks! The food was delicious and perfectly proportioned, I couldn't have been more satisfied! I will absolutely be returning for dinner and can't wait to try brunch. Overall great experience!food was decent, but waaaaay overpriced.  building and staff are gorgeous, however.I was so excited to try Ela's happy hour, because it gave me a chance to check out a Chip Roman restaurant. However, I'm now hesitant to eat at Mica and Blackfish because I had such a disappointing experience at Ela.
Two of my friends and I sat at the bar, but ordered off of the regular (non-happy hour) menu. I had the diver scallop "noodles," and my friend ordered the truffle bahn cam. The scallop noodles were overly salty and the peanut sauce that they were...drenched in was way too heavy for the light shellfish. I don't understand what the chef was trying to accomplish with that dish. I don't think the flavors or the textures went well together at all. I only had a bite of the bahn cam, which, while beautifully presented, was heavy and greasy. I don't have any other bahn cams to compare this one to, but if this is typical of the Vietnamese dish, I wouldn't order it again. 
We also ordered dessert; I got the hot chocolate chip cookie dough, and my friend ordered the manjari chocolate. The chocolate chip cookie dough was pretty bland, which was surprising given the exciting menu description. How could you go wrong with chocolate chip cookie dough! But the "dough" was a sauce on the side of a dish of bananas and custard (I thought the custard was ice cream). The flavors were not that great and, again, neither were the textures. I had a little bite of the manjari chocolate, and thought it was really bad. I love chocolate, honestly! Even dark, like 70%, chocolate, but this was just way too heavy, with nothing to lighten it. I would not recommend the dish at all. The meyer lemon on the side was way too strong a flavor, as well. Neither dessert worked for me at all. 
Additionally, the bartender was not very welcoming or friendly to my friends and I at all. We're quite a polite group, and perhaps she was just having a bad day, but I felt like we annoyed her any time we ordered something or asked a question about the menu. One the plus side, the space is beautiful and has a great atmosphere. But that's not enough of a reason for me to go back to Ela.All employees including chef Jason Cichonski were extremely pleasant and overwhelming nice!  Great service and everything we ate was fantastic!   4+ course also were great!In my opinion this is the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  The chef really does have passion about his cooking.  All the other reviews about the scallop noodles are spot on.  They are absolutely delicious.  I've been here twice.  The first time we got the 6 course tasting which was worth every penny.  We've had fluke, octopus salad, scallop noodles, beef cheek, short rib ravioli, trout, melon gazpacho, all delicious.  The cookie dough ice cream is also amazing.  Wait staff is very knowledgeable and attentive and they also make good cocktails.  Would highly recommend hitting up this little gem.Came back after not having been here for awhile. Service was very attentive. Food was delicious. I could not find fault with anything. Rye focaccia as the starter bread. Yellow pepper with crab gazpacho, gnocchi with mussels and incredibly fresh halibut. I'm getting myself hungry again!Only here for Happy Hour, and we had fun.  So why only 2 stars?  Because the happy-hour wines ($5 a glass) were low quality, and the appetizers, even though mostly just $5, were minuscule little items.  We (two of us) spent $45 to sit at the bar for an hour before a meeting scheduled for 7 pm.  A little too much for what we got.  The lady bartender was also a little snotty, esp in view of our being the only customers in the place for 15-20 mins.  Fortunately we were both in good moods!We have been looking forwards trying this place since they opened. Atmosphere/ ambiance was intimate and calming. Unique cocktail list and a good selection of wines and beer. 
 Dislikes: overpriced for average food. It's small plates, which I prefer, but they are seriously over priced for the amount and quality of food. 
Diver scallop noodles were boring and bland. Lobster tagliatelle was super buttery and much salty. I actually couldnt even finish  Again sub par food and way over priced. 
Likes: Japanese kampachi- great subtle flavor, however again, entirely too small, even for a small plate. Octopus hummus plate had a nice variety of favors, octopus slightly overlooked/ tough. Good intentions though. Foie gras was surprisingly so far the best I've had anywhere (in my opinion better than Amis). 
Overall- prices were Vetri level and food was Collingswood BYOB level. Wouldnt plan on going back unless it was strictly for drinks.We had such a wonderful and intriguing meal here. We passed plates around our table, struggling to decide which dish of each course was our favorite. They were all so good and so different, it was difficult to compare. 
I was a little skeptical of dining at Ela because I had heard about the use of molecular gastronomy. It's not that I don't appreciate the use of wild and crazy techniques, it's just that I don't associate molecular gastronomy with feeling comfortable during a meal or satiated after a meal. Well Ela proved me wrong, and we all staggered out of the restaurant with very full bellies. Note to self: don't order four courses next time.
Everything was delicious and really added to our experience there, but I'll just include the highlights:
English Pea Soup- fresh, vibrant, aromatic, and tad salty with the lomo. We all agreed it was the best pea soup we've ever, ever had. And this was after my boyfriend made fun of me for ordering something as simple as pea soup in a restaurant.
Peanut Scallop Noodles: the noodles are super light and unique, but it's the peanut sauce that made me wish I could just pour it over an enormous bowl of steamy hot rice and hunker down
Baby Spanish Octopus: crunchy, smoky, chewy but not rubbery. Surprisingly meaty tasting.
Truffle Banh Cam: a unique sticky rice cake that's totally craveable. A bit of a heavier second dish that's good to share.
Duck: I don't usually care for duck, but this was exceptional. The portion size was a bit hefty.
Halibut: cooked perfectly. I only wish there were a few more morel mushrooms...
Manjari chocolate dessert: rich and dark and pure. The cookie dough dessert was unique, but a tad too sweet for me. The Manjari chocolate was just right.
There seems to be a lot going on in each of the dishes, but all of the components worked out. Service was great, and the atmosphere was nice, but relaxed. I'm anxious to see what the chef does when the seasons change.Very food forward menu, great prices for happy hour however the overpowering smell of mildew inside is enough to ruin your meal in warmer months.  Try coming back in colder months when the AC isnt blowing and have a better experience in the small and intimate dining roomtiny bathroom. be warned. if u got a sweet tooth get the french toast. everything was mushy should bring my baby sisters here..smh overrall food is just okay.Why did it take me so long to go to Ela? What could possibly be my excuse?
I really loved my meal here, it was the perfect combination of whimsical and delicious. The space is really cool too, the bar is really snazzy looking. 
I had the scallop noodles that just rocked my world. I request that all future scallops I consume are served to me this way :)
My main dish was the chicken and it was a really flavorful and memorable dish for being chicken; I was really impressed.
I split both the cookie dough and the pumpkin pudding desserts with the rest of the table. The cookie dough was tasty and tasted exactly like a warm baked cookie, but the pumpkin pudding was just perfection. It was like they thought up a dessert just for me.
Their beer selection was pretty spot on with the dishes being served, which I always appreciate. The only slightly odd thing was they served it in a wine glass, which kind of takes away from the beverage.Went there For an early Friday diner with business friends. Wow! Music great, atmosphere great, service great, Jason's creative way with food, an experience that everyone should have as often as you would like to be good to yourself! Nothing like it in the city. Casual cool and world class meal and this is just the beginning. Thanks Jason.Great atmosphere and solid, often creative dishes as well as service. Have been twice, most recently for NYE.Nothing bad to say here. We had a great meal. It's a bit pricey but every dish we had was excellent. The scallop linguini was one of the most creative dishes I've had in a long time.Top 5 Chef/Restaurant in Philadelphia. While chef Jason might not get as much press as Jose garces and solomonov he is right there with them. This chef brings beautiful plates bursting with rich flavor everytime. It feels like gourmet fine dining but with a cool casual neighborhood atmosphere. I love it!
Gotta try the scallop noodles with truffle to start for sure as a memorable signature dish. Monday is half bottle wines too if you had a bad day.I heard good things about Ela from media accounts and some friends so, in a fit of nostalgic pining for the short-lived Ansill (and even missing the crazy diamond himself), I went with a group to the corner of third and Bainbridge.  The interior update still reminded everyone of the old tenant but the relentlessly stylized menu (in appearance and content) promised new and unique taste adventures.  
The actual plates were much more mundane, if tasty: standouts of the evening were the salmon carpaccio and hirasama appetizers ("fist bite"), excellent gnocchi (under the "second bite" rubric), and a deftly prepared Lancaster county chicken and tilefish plate.  The diver scallop noodles could have been made from any fish (both in texture and flavor), the whipped foie gras was just that, foie gras whipped into more ethereal texture (still expensive), and the duck was very tough.  The cheese plate consisted of just two pieces, both quality cheeses but is that what you expect from a $12 cheese plate?  I liked the two small manjari chocolate scoops with the coffee.
The small wine list is diverse and fairly priced, the cocktails are really, really good (you might even like their extravagant names).
All in all, a very enjoyable gastronomic evening (3.5 stars), with attentive and nice service).  Given the hype around the chef, expectations were a bit higher than what actually was delivered (reason for 3 stars).I felt like my experience at Ela started off great and just went down hill.  The atmosphere is very romantic, the bread was fantastic.  My partner's drink, the Lion's Tail, was incredible. The bartender even gave the recipe! But course after course got worse and worse. I had such high hopes :( I think this is a place where you really have to try everything on the menu to see what specifically goes with your taste. There was no cohesiveness in the courses or the menu in general which is really a shame.Came here for brunch and so EXTREMELY disappointed. Not what is expect from a top chef. The food lacked flavor and wasn't memorable. Avoid the short ribs Benedict. And way overpriced.Service was excellent, brunch was delicious, the place is super cute and trendy with a wine draft system. I had the confit chicken hash my hunny had the hanger steak, both very delicious. This was our best restaurant  experience during our weekend anniversary in Philly, wish we were staying for dinner.The London dungeon cocktail is phenomenal - loved it so much that we ordered a second round of it. The Gnocchi, lamb meatballs, pork shank and foie gras were parts of the meal that stood out.
Good service, delicious food and great ambiance - Ela definitely makes for a great evening out.3/17/2016
Nice place, friendly and attentive staff, creative cocktails, and great food.  Use the chef's three course menu and share the offerings to maximize the experience.  If I lived in Philadelphia, I would be less inclined to give Ela a rave review for fear of making it harder to get a table in the future. This place is well worth the effort.Took the advice of fellow Yelpers and came here for brunch. The service was on point from start to finish and the food was delicious! Tried the thick cut french toast, Breakfast gnocci and of course a side of what may have been the best bacon ever. If you are having cocktails, be sure to try the Seelbach! Its like a mimosa and an old fashioned had a baby. Yum!Cozy lively atmosphere. Delicious food! Excellent service.I can't believe how small the portions were. Not a fan of spending $200 on dinner and having to stop for a slice on the way home.Ela is a very good restaurant.  The scallop pasta is amazing.  All the dishes are well thought out and the execution is top notch. Great date restaurant.My wife and I met up with my son and his girlfriend for dinner in their neighborhood.  We wound up at Ela, which we had walked by numerous times, but not had an opportunity to dine before.  The food was excellent and the service was tremendous not to mention a cool building on top.  Relaxed 4 course meal.  A wonderful evening!!My fiance took me here for my birthday last night. We had reservations at 6:30. The place was half full by that point and completely full by the time we left. We decided to do the chef's special tasting menu - 6 courses for $65. Our server told us that the menu was completely separate from the regular menu but we had a request - no salmon (my fiance hates it), and we HAVE to have the whipped foie gras and veal sweetbreads. 
First course was fluke crudo with radishes, shiitake mushrooms and preserved cumquat - excellent. The fish was nice and delicate. Second course was the whipped foie gras. I can't describe - I could eat that foie gras from a jar with a spoon if mass produced. The coffee bread served with it was amazing. The foie gras was by far the best we have ever had. Simply wonderful. This was on the regular menu. Third course was monkfish cheek with home made angel hair pasta in a creamy artichoke sauce. I could eat a huge bowl of this. The pasta was perfectly al dente and the monk fish was so flavorful. This monkfish dish was different than what was on the regular menu. Fourth dish was graciously on the house as it was the veal sweetbreads that was on the regular menu. They were fried!! Amazing! If you have never had sweetbreads you are truly missing out. One of my all time favorites. Fifth course was braised pork cheek with crispy farrow (not on menu). This was delicious. I loved how nice and tender the cheek was and you also get the crunch of the farrow. Sixth course was wagyu beef in a bone  marrow sauce with broccoli rabe and fingerling potatoes and was deemed our 'entree' (not on menu). It was awesome. This was hands down the best piece of beef I have ever eaten. The bone marrow sauce was so amazing. The broccoli and potatoes were also delicious - the potatoes tasted like butter! Dessert was chocolate ganache and puff pastries. I can't exactly remember what kind of puff pastries they were but dessert was fabulous. I love chocolate ganache so I was ecstatic. 
Our server was very nice and the times between courses was perfect. I loved not knowing what I was going to be eating next. We cannot wait to come here again but next time it will be for brunch - biscuits and bone marrow gravy?! I am there!!!My husband and I were delighted by the phenomenal dinner we had at Ela. We went with the 4 course tasting menu and loved loved loved the beet tartare, kampachi, diver scallop noodles, duck, and short ribs. The octopus was good but not particularly notable. The deserts--- soft chocolate and the cookie dough--  were delicious.
For an outstanding dinner, in a low key, warm, and inviting venue, Ela is THE place. Ela stands out amongst our favorite Philly restaurants (e.g. Farm and the Fisherman, Talula's Garden) for being less pretentious, more reasonably priced, but equally exceptional in quality. A true neighborhood gem!Had an amazing meal on a Friday evening just before Christmas -- it was our first time and we both opted for the 5 course tasting.  Every dish was superb but the highlights of the meal were 1) scallop noodles (the chef has somehow managed to turn scallops into noodles) and 2) gnocchi (probably the best gnocchi I've had and I've eaten lots of gnocchi).
Can't recommend this place enough.  Prepare to pay, but it's worth every dollar.The savory dishes were decent, although some, like the grilled octopus, were overly complicated. The big let-down was the choice of desserts. The fact that none of them appealed to me enough to order one, despite me loving desserts, in general, speaks to the odd combination of ingredients. Overall, my impression is that their focus is on mixed drinks. Even the choice of wine was a bit limited.Enjoyed the chef's tasting menu for my husband's birthday with a group of friends. They seated us in a more private space in the back and chef Jason delivered some of our courses to us himself. Really enjoyed the first 5 courses (hamachi, pannecotta, octopus, venison, and rib eye steak), dessert was my least favorite. They had a great drink selection. Would definitely recommend this restaurant to others.Overall, was a good experience.  Kind of nice if you're on a date or looking to get a cocktail.  Decor was lovely ... romantic.  Food was very good.  Portions were kind of "fancy" ... short rib in the shape of a brick?  Yummy nonetheless.  I wouldn't make it a weekly place to visit because it is pricey, but worth the experience.Visiting from New Orleans and staying two blocks from Ela, we decided to give it a try. Everything was absolutely delicious and with such creative flavor. In addition to a fantastic dinner, we loved the atmosphere and the service was top notch. Anybody that doesn't give this place a try, doesn't know what they're missing. We'll definitely be going back to Ela on our next trip to Philly - highly recommend!My date and I both had the 4-course tasting menu and were both floored at how delicious everything tasted! The diver scallop noodles and lamb shank were standouts, and the cookie dough dessert is not to be missed.The beers are expensive, The entrees expensive and lacking authenticity. The service very sub par. Great space but the operator needs to make this place a warmer neighborhood dwelling. I live in the neighborhood and I've been there twice since the opening.TOP NOTCH. CAN I SAY THAT AGAIN? TOP NOTCH.
i felt like i was a celebrity. seriously.
and the food - OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG.
BEST TOMATO SOUP I HAVE EVER HAD.
and yes, i order tomato soup at a lot of places.
also had the scallops and the duck. amazing.Service was excellent. Fast, courteous, attentive. Spot on. One of the two best waiting experiences in my last fifteen years. 
The food was excellent. The chef's ability to work with flavor is a highlight. every dish was unique from anything I've tasted before - I was struck by the creativity in matching flavors. It all worked and well. Prep was solid - no surprises, bits of shell, strange textures, etc. Basically, what you expect out of a top restaurant.
Five plates was adequate for a party of two. We had hamachi - delicious. Very nice preparation. The oysters and their topping were very good (oysters I can take or leave, so this is a high compliment). From the description on the menu, we both thought they would arrive cooked - they were raw. Just as well. The scallop noodles were rich, having an array of flavors in different proportions in each bite. The "crab balls" or crab bahn cam was not my pick and was unexpectedly good. Finally, the gnocchi dish was pretty good - it was my dining partners favorite, however - so
Ela has two rooms - a main dining room with a full length bar and a less desirable smaller/open back room. We showed up as a party of two without reservations and given a seat in the back. Two of the four person tables in the main dining room were never used. Not a huge deal, but made me think to give four stars instead of five.Had been wanting to try Ela for the longest time, and just managed to get around to it.
The food is good, but when you stack up against other restaurants in the area, Ela falls short.
Portions are tiny for the price you pay...I say this even with a $30 gift card.
Will stick to Dimitris.Fantastic restaurant.  Went there on a Saturday evening for dinner with friends.  Arrived a little early and sat down at the bar whilst we awaited for the rest of our party.  The bartender was great with recommendations and they had a very full list of cocktails and wine to choose from.  They also have wine on tap, a fav or mine. I was even more impressed by how  gracious they were when I didn't love the cocktail I selected.    Dinner was fabulous.  Portions were appropriate size, what you should serve/eat which I found refreshing.  Everything was delicious, especially the gnocchi.  Service was on point.  They were attentive without being pushy.  I would totally return and totally recommend to friends.So we went back. Solely for drinks this time and they (along with the franklin mortgage) truly are the best drinks in Philadelphia. The care and knowledge each drink is made with is impressive. The mixologists here are passionate about good drinks. Go (and sit at the bar).We first had Jason Cichonski's cooking at Lacroix. It was stunning to see a veritable child come out to greet some guests. Talk about precocious! Jason blew us away again at our first meal at Ela last week. The whipped foie gras was so rich but so light, and we loved the quenelle shape he presented them in. The skate was easily the best I've ever had, and I had skate at L'Amboisie in 1997. The duck also-- yummy, provocative flavor combinations, as always. And the chef is beautiful as well. Life just isn't fair. But we can still eat his food, so things ain't so bad. The room's comfy, the wait women are pretty, and the bartender's good, too. We drove an hour to get there and we'll do it again soon.What a great place! Smaller menu with tasting and a la carte options available. Everything is garnished in Sauces and flavors that I wouldn't normally think to be delicious. Experiment here!! The signature dish is a "scallop noodle", which is a bowl of jumbo sized scallops cut into a spaghetti shape. The sauce changes regularly... It was delicious! Staff was great and so is the drinks menu. **Mondays they offer a 3 courses for $30 and half priced bottles of wine! Can't wait to go back.As a non-meat eater (I guess I am a pescetarian) I rarely have issues finding something to eat on a menu. At first glance at Ela's menu I thought I was going to be limited but the waitress was extremely helpful and my four course meal was delish from start to finish. 
I had the cauliflower soup for my first bite - given that it was 85 degrees this past Saturday in October I was glad to hear it was served chilled. The pickled cauliflower in the soup added a nice bite.  I had the "pretzeled" risotto for my next course, and the sphere of cheddar swirled in the dish added a great savory flavor.  I then had the gnocchi for my main course - hands down one of the best entrees I have ever eaten. A few in my party got it for their appetizers and agreed.
Finally, I'm not a dessert person, but since that was one of the courses, I ordered the warm cookie dough. Not only am I not a dessert fan, I am even less a cookie dough fan. Baked cookies - love them. Raw cookie dough - I don't get it. Or at least I didn't get it until I had this. Oh my God - literally the best dessert I have ever had in my life. I am literally using the word literally because I truly mean literally. 
Unlike some of the other reviewers our server was great - helpful and attentive. I will absolutely be going back and am recommending Ela to anyone who enjoys creative food in a cool restaurant atmosphere.Love the savory dishes at Ela. I cane here for dinner (short ribs are superb) and fro brunch. I thoroughly enjoyed both visits. The desserts I don't love.We heard that Ela had opened up in the old Ansill and Judy's Cafe space, and after reading multiple good reviews, we decided to head out to Ela for dinner on Friday night.
Food: 4.0 stars
We started with the Oysters-- The night's oysters were a East Coast oyster (5 served) that were fresh and delicious topped with a touch of fried shallots.  Definitely recommend starting with these if you enjoy oysters  Everyone around you will admire the starter.
We then shared the Short Ribs and the Skate.  The Short Ribs are fantastic but the cauliflower puree and the quiche like sides were bland and disappointing.  The Skate dish was all around amazing.  The fish was delicious and the accompanying mustard seed crisps and pickled beets were a perfect accompaniment.  I highly recommend the Shake platter.
Service: 4.5 stars
Service was excellent.  New plates were brought out for every course and the team was attentive without being overbearing.
Ambiance: 4.5 stars
The restaurant is beautifully designed and the bar is large and inviting.  There multiple tables in the front dining area and there is an additional dining area in the back along side the kitchen.  Ela did a great job transforming the space.
Location: 4.0 stars
If you haven't been out to 3rd and Bainbridge, definitely make it a priority to get out there.  Its a great spot with multiple dining options and a nice area to get away from all the hecticness of South Street.
Price: 3.5 stars
Compared to other fine dining restaurants, the pricing is actually pretty good.  For a similar meal at other restaurants with drinks you'd run $75 per person.  At Ela, th meal cost around $50 per person.
**Overall: 4.0 stars
The food was delicious.  The sides on the short rib platter could use some improvement but otherwise everything was excellent.  Service was good and it was a fun place to get drinks and dinner.  Definitely recommend trying out this new restaurant.  Show Ela your support.  You'll leave satisfied and probably a little drunk.Love, love, love this restaurant! Love the decor; lots of wood, exposed brick and metal but very warm and friendly. Love the service; knowledgeable, friendly but not hovering. LOVE the food! The kale salad is so light and fresh and tasty. The diver scallop noodles are to die for! Amazing knife skills to create the noodles from the scallops and they were served in a delicious bolognese sauce. And the skate was just incredible, perfectly cooked with crispy yucca. And the pumpkin pudding was a great exclamation point to a wonderful dining experience. If we lived in the neighborhood, my husband and I would be dropping in once a week to hang at the bar; enjoying a glass of wine,the kale salad and the diver scallop noodles.Creativity abbounds... New use for foam and whip.  Lot of pureed options that are unique and a twist.  Very good flavors here.  Short rib was tender and tasty.  Dont just try dinner service.  Go ahead and indulge in brunch.  Great menu option creative again and good homestly classics.  Service good !Gifts from the universe come in many shapes and sizes but having a creative, adroit, deliciously attractive restaurant helmed by Jason Chichonski in your neighborhood has got to be some kind of reward for an excess of good karma from all previous lives.  
Weekends, weeknights, early or late, it is all good.  And believe me when I say it is ALL good.  My recent revelation:  scallop noodles.  Udon-sized noodles made of carved scallops with a tangy curry cream sauce.  The banh is a life-affirming favorite as well.Ela is a perfect place for anything kind-of night.. casual with friends, business or a date! I tried it out for the first time tonight and it happened to be Wine week. I can't say anything bad; I love the place. 
My most favorite dish of the 5-course meal was the organic chicken. It was the most tender chicken I've ever had- I highly recommend it.  To say the least, I left happy with the experience & very full.