Callowhill desperately needs businesses like Elixr in this changing neighborhood. There's lots of new residents and construction, and this type of business is exactly what the neighborhood needs rather than a big brand chain store.
The coffee is amazing. It's no wonder they have won various awards. The space is bright and airy with lots of natural light. If you are looking to co-work with a colleague it's an excellent spot to do it.
I tried their daily quiche and egg sandwich. Sandwich was a bit on the salty side, but the broccoli quiche was perfection. They have a bunch of different pastries and donuts for those with a sweet tooth. 
This is definitely going to become my go-to neighborhood coffee shop. They should do some sort of promotion with the bigger buildings in the area like Hanvover North Broad and the Packard so people realize that they are there.When I first moved to Philadelphia, I was disappointed by how few coffee shops are within walking distance of my apartment, but I'm so glad Elixr came into the neighborhood! Elixr is a very quaint and nicely decorated coffee shop. It's small, but has enough seating to accommodate both those who just come to enjoy a cup of coffee and those that are there to study or get work done. 
I've been to Elixr twice now -- the first time I visited on a Sunday afternoon and the second time I was there on a Saturday afternoon. On Sunday, it wasn't very busy and there was plenty of seating, but on Saturday there were a lot of people studying and seating wasn't as readily available. Regardless, I was able to find a spot and get some work done for a little over two hours. I will say, compared to other coffee shops, the music at Elixr is a bit loud, but I had headphones with me and played my own music and was able to drown out the coffee shop music and be very productive.
The food and drink menu is quite limited (smaller than most coffee shops), but decent. I wasn't a fan of the cold brew and definitely wouldn't get it again. The second time I went, I ordered the hot green tea, which to my surprise came in a tea pot with a small cup that I was able to refill myself. I've never had tea served to me like this at a coffee shop so it was a pleasant surprise. For $3.50, I feel like I got a decent amount of tea. 
All in all, I really enjoy Elixr and the workers are all very nice. It never feels like they are trying to get rid of you/trying to get you to buy more when you're there for a long time. I have a strong feeling I will be coming here very often!I needed to get some work done during a trip to Philadelphia, so I checked out a number of blogs (and, of course, Yelp) for recommendations about the best coffeeshops in Philadelphia for doing work. Elixr consistently came up at the top of many lists. I visited around 11am and stayed until about 3pm. When I initially entered, the coffeeshop was very crowded, but I found some counter space that was adequate for my laptop and notebook. 
I went with the Tarime Tanzania for my choice of coffee - it was a great choice (thanks, baristas, for that recommendation!) and I was surprised at the price of the pour over. I've definitely had pour over coffee in other coffee shops that was more expensive and not as good. I also had the Kouign-amann filled with apple and rhubarb which was to die for. Would return here again for their excellent working environment and coffee and pastries in a heartbeat.First coffee shop I hit up as an out-of-towner. Had a super delicious 'Kobucha Spice Latte' (Japanese gourd) and it really kicked off my day to a good start. Kind staff, peaceful shop. Will go again next time I'm in PhillyBeen here a couple times, it's a nice little coffee shop with great drinks. I got the Konga natural which was great, and I've had some of their teas in the past which were good too. The staff are super friendly, patient and willing to explain any of their drinks to you. 
Seating wise, there's tables against the wall with plenty of outlets around as well as at the counter and window bar. There are big open windows which lets in a lot of natural light and the decor has a lot of wood elements, which is personally my favorite. It's a nice place to come in to get some work done and enjoy some coffee, but as a warning, it can also get a little busy/noisier at times so don't always expect to be able to get a seat.I was only here for a brief moment, but I throughly enjoyed my stay. Not only does this place have solid coffee, good vibes and friendly service, but they roast their beans on-site!
[Drinks]
I ordered the cold brew and I was really happy with my order. Not only was it refreshing but fuller in body compared to other watered down cold brews. It's full but not bitter or overwhelming. I would definitely get it again.
[Service]
Everyone seems super chill and nice. The girl was very patient with me as I contemplated which drink to order.
[Atmosphere]
Good vibes. Very urban. Simple yet pretty. Love the wallpaper and flowers. Lots of seating and outlets!This location was just not as nice as the Sydenham St. one. While it's nice and bright, it doesn't feel as welcoming somehow. However the thing that really got my goat was, I ordered a decaf coffee expecting the same (amazing) experience as the one I had at the Sydenham location, where they made me one of the most delicious pour overs ever. Instead the barista gave me a decaf americano without asking me if that was alright. Anyone who is at all familiar with coffee can tell the difference between drip coffee and espresso, and I personally do not care for the watery texture of an americano. I was irritated that she didn't ask me if an americano was an ok substitution, since I may well have changed my order, and I felt a little offended that she thought I couldn't tell the difference. I don't know if they didn't have the beans for the pour over at this location (doesn't really make sense, since I think they roast out of this one) or if she just didn't want to go to the trouble of a hand pour, but it was a big let down after my experience at the other shop. For a decaf americano it was good, but for a drip coffee (which is what I ordered) it was not at all good.Good place to grab a coffee or tea after walking through the rail park. Also could be a decent study spot. Cool aesthetics here with colorful wallpaper, concrete floors, and views into the roastery. It's clear that they take coffee seriously here so if you are a coffee connoisseur, you're definitely going to want to check this place out.Yooooooooo homie was mad helpful, mas knowledgeable and the coffee was muy delicioso ya heardddddSome great coffee in a pretentious environment.  They are proud of their coffee, but I have to say it is really good.I stopped by after walking through the rail park, half a block from elixr coffee and I loved everything about it. The environment of the coffee shop was definitely relaxing and quiet when I went. I ordered a matcha green tea latte and it was very light. I would definitely come back for a coffee or something while getting some work done.Great addition to the area. The coffee is very good, and the layout of the place is nice - very bright, lots of seating and outlets conveniently located.This was an awesome experience.  
I asked for recommendations, since it was my first time here and went over most of the different blends that's they make. Got a great drip brew and enjoyed my time here. 
The space is a bit small, so finding an outlet and a table might be difficult. Cool open space though.This Elixr location is great! The same great coffee, but in a brighter environment than their Center City location. The baristas were really nice, knowledgable, and were happy to answer any questions I had about both the coffee we ordered, and the coffee beans we purchased (and their ideal brewing ratios). For coffee nerds or casual coffee drinkers, Elixr is always a great place to enjoy your coffee. The lack of a warm atmosphere and cozy seating might not be for everyone, but if you're just there to enjoy good coffee, this location will definitely hit the spot!We chose this café because it was open early on a Sunday morning.  In fact, it opens at 7AM every day of the week!
We arrived to discover an attractive venue with fast WiFi and excellent coffee.  The pastries were fine (I had a croissant), and the barista impressed me as a hard-working dude with a winning personality.  Even as groups came in with complicated orders, he remained calm and unflustered.
The spacious, open layout made us feel as laid back and comfortable as the barista appeared to be.  I enjoyed wandering around toward the back, where the coffee roaster is located.
This neighborhood of Philadelphia is celebrated for Sigma Sound, cf. https://www.inquirer.com/philly/entertainment/music/sigma-sound-studios-sound-of-philadelphia-50-years-20180807.html .
It's basically impossible not to like this café, which I recommend very highly.Cold Brew Coffee Quest #1
With warm weather returning after a chilly winter in Philly, my wife and I are determined to find the best Cold Brew Coffee that our city has to offer! No national chains allowed.
-Overall Score: 3 out of 5
-Pros: Robust flavor, value ($3.50 for 16 oz), and beautiful floral chic meets rustic steel/wood café
-Cons: No tasting notes stood out and dispensed from metal canister into a plastic cup
-Beans Used: Elixr Beekeeper EspressoDon't get me wrong, I love Elixr coffee - but I love the Center City location far more. This location is extremely inconsistent as far as the experience goes. And today was another reminder of such an experience. 
This location is often short on beans for purchase, the staff is hit or miss (I am sorry to the staff that I think is exceptional, but unfortunately the less optimal experiences outweigh the great ones with these folks).
The omakase is a great experience - we only did it with Donny when he was still there, but would still recommend it. I think that the guy who was doing it today (we stopped in for beans) is one of the gems in this location. 
The staff here isn't consistent in terms of friendliness, attentiveness, drink quality, etc.For amazing single origin hand pour over magical black liquid, Elixr Coffee has you covered. My barista, who was some dude with some pink hair and a latin accent, knows how to pour that hot water over the fine coffee filter to create a potion that'll pick you up from the depth of sleepiness. It's great how they open at 7:00AM and is pretty spacious inside for all the laptop junkies.Best cafe in the neighborhood. Good coffee, roasted onsite. Basic pastries that are fresh and yummy. I particularly like the ham cheese croissant in the morning.
Their shakes are amazing!!! Seriously get their shakes. I haven't had a bad one yet.Another victim on my coffee house exploration quest. This time decided to visit Elixir Coffee Shop on 12th & Wood st. Entrance is located on Wood st.,just an fyi cause I ended up going to the lobby for the apartment building instead. I wish there was a more clear sign or maybe there is one and I missed it. Place is not too big but big enough. Upon entering you (as its the case with all coffee shops I have been to) are going to see laptoppers who take all good seats so if you are meeting a bigger crowd of people like I did you might have a problem being all in one spot. Coffee here is excellent. I had Kanake which was $4 and was probably the best cup of coffee I have had in my life. I am totally coming back just for that. They also offer other coffee products as well as pastries. What I also like about this place is that its very bright. Windows are huge and tons of natural light is coming thru. One thing I am not sure of is the character. They don't have much art on the walls or any significant decorations so not sure exactly what the theme here is. Maybe if I visit few times I will have a different perspective and a clearer picture in that department. I still consider it a great find with best coffee so far.I am a little torn here...I absolutely LOVE the Sydenham location, but not sold so far on this roastery on 12th Street (sorry Evan!)
As always, the coffee is amazing, and well prepared, since they have a roaster on site at this location. The cafe is small, and furnished nicely, but I found the ambience to be a little weird, since they played super LOUD rap music the entire time I was there working. I first asked a barista to turn it down, and it seemed she did, but then the other guy turned it WAY back up again.
So I sent a DM to their Instagram page explaining the issue. You do get an extra star for someone responding promptly, but again, the issue was not handled. I actually don't mind rap music...just not conducive to a workplace environment. Not really what I care to hear when working/drinking coffee. More useful when I'm at the gym, you know?An always packed, small, hipster coffee shop with fantastic drinks. Being the basic B that I am, I got their fall squash latte ($5). It was beautifully creamy with a hint of sweetness from the squash that was not artificial tasting or too overpowering. 
I actually came to study, but it is usually not easy to find a spot to sit. And if you do find a place, then there likely won't be an outlet nearby. 
So if you happen to get lucky and find both, then enjoy and stay for a while, but if not, then it's still worth it to come and grab your delicious drink to go.[Edit] Came back after message from owner and had a wonderful experience. Super chill staff who were understanding about my morning experience and comped my coffee. How they responded to my original comments displays the type of service you can expect when stopping by. Also, coffee was SUPERB. Go for one of the pour-overs. Overall great recovery from my earlier experience and they aren't deserving of a mark on their page because of one mistake which is a rarity for them.
[Original] Hours stated open at 7am. Got there around 7:15 and waited around assuming they were running a little late. Come 7:30 no one had opened up the shop yet and I ended up finding somewhere else to go. Probably has good coffee, just never got to try it.Living upstairs and grab coffee often. Bonus is that our back door area from the building smells like coffee when they're roasting. 
This whole week been taken care of by Mario. He is awesome. Quick and efficient. Works hard and on it. Very kind. 
That's a good one y'all got there. Makes the coffee even better. 
This spot was a good memory in our soon to be complete Philly experience. Thanks Mario and the team!The coffee is just as good as their center city location, but the baristas do take a long time.  The coffee is always delicious and there usually is plenty of seats available, but sometimes it seems crazy the amount of time it takes to get a drink.  Maybe it is the same thing at their downtown location and I have just never noticed, but be prepared to wait.  The places smells of freshly ground coffee too which of course is always amazing!Piss poor service and lukewarm coffee. The barista on 2/28/2021 was not helpful at all and didn't communicate when our order was ready.Great coffee spot. Stopped here on my travels with my wife. The cold brew I had was delicious and the breakfast bao was awesome. The barista was very kind and helpful. Will definitely return when I'm back in town.I really enjoy the drinks here - my favorites being the iced oat latte and the iced matched latte. I come here at least once a week to work, since it is the closest coffee shop to my house. I love all the natural light and table space. The music, however, can be hit or miss (ranging anywhere from indie to k-pop). Sometimes they blast the music, which can be very unpleasant if you're trying to focus. The space itself can get very drafty and cold and I often have to keep my winter coat on while I work. Overall, I like this spot but it could definitely use some improvement on the areas i mentioned above.I came here to pick up some merch, I am like that. I got to talk to the barista, she was funny but I can't remember her name. Too bad. This is one of the smaller size incarnations of Elixr, really quiet (nice), and same good coffee as the other location. However, no one to talk to except the barista, who was cool, but I already forgot her name.Great oat milk cappuccinos and they have a great selection of whole bean coffees as well. I'm slowly making my way through all of them...This place was very good they gave us a sample of their chai latte when I walked in, which made me kind of wish I got a chai latte. I will try that next time, but the iced vanilla latte that I got was very tasty! I would recommend this place.One of my favorite places to curls up with a book!  Beautiful interior, delicious coffee and pastries, as well as a super friendly staff make for a welcoming space!Elixr is quickly rising to the top of my favorite coffee purveyors in Philly, alongside La Colombe.
I visited this location in October and tried the kabocha spiced oat latte - amazing! PSLs are usually way too sweet for me, and this was a better take on the concept. Drip coffee was great, too, and the almond croissant was awesome. 
Baristas were very friendly, and they had a few tables outside when I went in addition to indoor seating.We had a great kabocha latte and pour over. The kabocha latte wasn't too sweet, and being able to swap in oat milk was appreciated. Great space to study or work in - plenty of seats, outlets, and a not-too-loud atmosphere.
Very much an instagram worthy coffee shop. Would come back!A friend and I did the Omakase Tasting Bar, which means "I'll leave it up to you." It was an amazing 6-"course" experience, where the barista selected the 6 different types of coffee we would taste. We were extremely lucky to have the owner, Evan, and his manager, Ben, to lead us in an awesome experience of great coffee selections. The beans were from various locations worldwide, they had different flavor notes and body types, some were "exotic," and a variety of brewing methods were used. The coffee was all so delicious, and we were really well taken care of.
The shop also had a great vibe to it. Great music, large windows to let in tons of natural light, and a staff with authentic joy and positive attitudes. Evan truly knew A LOT about coffee, roasting, and brewing... it was great to learn from a man of great passion and love for his craft -- genuinely inspiring. I highly recommend the Omakase tasting, especially if you are curious about various coffees and want to learn more about the craft. You will not be disappointed!Love this cafe and their coffee. I'm so glad they made another location here away from center city. That place was always too crowded and difficult to navigate. Can get some work done here, enjoy some coffee, and the natural light through their huge windows.Coffee is always consistent and delicious no matter who is working thay day which is fantastic. Also shout out to rex and the other employees for being so friendly and rad. Also best mocha in the cityNew Elixr location! Sad that this location is not as prime as the original, but that means more available seating! The atmosphere is modern and the service is friendly. There's also outdoor seating available.I have been to this location handful of times so far and feel like it is a hit or miss with their service. Sometimes you get a server who is just doing their job and yes, they get their job done, sometimes you get a server who is just okay, and you also get a server who is friendly and does the job well. One thing that is consistent is their quality of coffee, and if you want to have a good wholesome cup of coffee then you definitely will have to try Elixr Coffee. 
I felt like I was lucky today by getting a friendly server, and getting a comfortable seat to chat with a friend. Many times you cannot find a single seat, and day like today when the heat index hit a bit over 100F it really helps to sit and enjoy your cold brew. My cold brew was so smooth and nice. I usually put milk or cream in my coffee, and when I only have to add just a little milk or none that means the coffee is pretty darn good. 
I want to try their other locations to just check out!This cafe has super calm and chill vibes with really friendly staff. 
This cafe makes really good espresso drinks! I always get vanilla oat latte - it's so creamy with sweet taste of vanilla. My boyfriend always gets a cappuccino and he really appreciates the perfect ratio of milk and espresso. The store itself is very warm and welcoming as well. They have some pastries, which I've never tried. They seem like they get their donuts from Hello Donuts, which is really good! I've tried their donuts from the actual store before. 
One plus is that when you buy coffee beans, you get a free coffee! So when we bought one today, my latte was free and only had to pay for the cappuccino!Love this spacious and quiet alternative to the original location in Rittenhouse! Same great cup of coffee but with a brighter, more open feel. The barista even gave me a taste test of my pourover because I couldn't decide between two and he'd just made one for himself. Totally recommend for doing some work or reading a book on a Saturday morning!My favorite coffee shop in the City!  They have placed multiple time in US Barista competitions and other coffee-related competitions so you know they're the real deal.  Always happy with a pour over.  They offer many alt-milks if you're into that.  In the fall they offer a Kabocha Spiced Latte drink which is AMAZING.    
Bonus, if you buy a bag of their coffee, you get a free drink!I understand what you're trying to do. Please turn the heavy bass music down.I've contracted a stomach virus for the 2nd time now a day after visiting this establishment. Coincidence?Elixr Coffee is pretty excellent. The ambience is lovely. Every single item that we purchased was super fresh and yummy. And also, the service was wonderful and the staff was very polite. I'm giving 5 stars to Elixr Coffee, only because I can not give 6 or 7.So happy elixir has a new location! I'm rarely in center City so it's hard to drop by that location. The location may be catering to the 3-4 high rise apartments in the area since it's not in a dense residential area... Highly accessible to those visiting the viaduct though! 
I've stopped by 3 times just for their house brew. I'll say all three times have been consistently good! 
Service is friendly and efficient. Decor is sleek, light filled industrial look. Tons of seating throughout. 
Currently serving Philly favorites, Dottie's donuts, root shakes, and machine shop pastries.Having recently moved to Philly, I knew that I would have to find a new roaster to buy coffee from. Hopefully I would be able to find a place that not only sourced good beans, but had also perfected the art of roasting in order to allow their nuanced flavors to shine. On top of that, I was really hoping I would be able to find a place that was near to where I live. Elixr came through on all fronts.
The Elixr location on 12th St is within walking distance of my new place. I stopped in expecting to purchase some beans and head back home. First I had to locate the coffee itself. At first glance, I didn't see the usual bags of coffee I am accustomed to. It turns out that they use boxes for packaging creating a clean, sharp visual element that fits in well with the design aesthetic of the shop. I chose a Tanzanian variety named Tarime with interesting sounding tasting notes. The barista informed me that each purchase of beans comes with a complimentary coffee and I chose a cortado to enjoy.
The coffee had been roasted just one day before I purchased it and I opened it one day after that. I could taste the freshness of the coffee. The roast on this coffee was perfect and the delicate flavors displayed themselves beautifully. I will absolutely be returning in the future to purchase more coffee from Elixr.Really cool spot with delicious coffee, cool atmosphere, nice staff, and tasty cookies. I came here after lunch in Chinatown. I needed caffeine to overcome my food coma. My buddy recommended this place. I didn't even know it was there. It's kind of tucked away. It was clear as soon as I walked in that this spot is serious about its coffee. There was a coffee roasting room visible from the coffee counter and seating area. It created a really cool and authentic atmosphere. The staff were focused on the specialty drinks they were making. After I ordered a latte, it could almost ten minutes for the barista to make my drink, and it was awesome to watch. It was also a very delicious latte. I was super please with the taste, creaminess and texture of the latte. And the chocolate chip cookie there was super fresh and delicious. It went so well with the latte. I was in cloud nine after delicious Chinese food and then this special surprise. I will be back!This is a neat little coffee shop. Industrial decor. Lots of caffein choices including a pour over. There were some non-coffee choices but confusingly enough the lemonade and the ice tea turned out to be a slight version of the same thing. (?) Donuts were worth a try but nothing to write home about. Overall a neat little spot to caffeinate and get some work done.Tried a lot of coffees, and this one is my favorite. The pour overs are magical. My favorite is the Juan Vergara, that tastes like a starfruit! Usually, I like cream, but it's so tasty, I don't need it. I also am a fan of the lattes and iced coffees. 
Their choice is wallpaper is awesome. Would love it in my house. This location is where they roast the coffee and is a lot less crowded and great for studying, as there are a ton of windows that let the light in, unlike the Sydenham location. 
I have gotten a few pastries here and they are fun. The kouign amann is a unique pastry that I don't see often l, but they always have it here and usually with jam. 
The staff is usually pretty friendly and willing to help you pick out a drink if you're not sure what you'd like.COVID19: Contactless order is available. Can't go inside.
Perfect as the one in Center City. The barista was courteous and knowledgeable.
Only have good things to say about this place. The coffee is amazing. It gets me excited trying out different beans from all over the world.
I just wish COVID19 was over, so I can truly enjoy the fancy pour-overs from Chemex. The coffees are obviously served in paper cups, but don't let that deter you from getting delicious coffee! I got the Las Mercedes from Pacamara, El Salvador ($5.00). These beans denote flavors of wildflower honey, strawberry, and oolong tea. It wasn't the best I had from Elixr, but they have variety of different beans. I think their beans also change constantly. I can definitely vouch for their drip coffee ($3.50) because it was smooth.
On Google, it says Elixr's coffee milkshake is popular. I really want to try this, but it wasn't offered in the menu. I'm assuming this was a technological error. Once it becomes available, I can't wait to try their coffee milkshake.This was an ideal place to study/work. Plenty of seating and plenty of outlets. As someone who stays away from caffeine, they have plenty of amazing teas to choose from too. 
I got the ginger turmeric tea and the bao breakfast sandwich. The sandwich was definitely messy to eat but it was yummy! The tea was excellent! The presentation of the tea was pretty too. 
10/10 would come back!Really good coffee with pastry options (including donuts and cookies!!) They also have seasonal options like Kabocha Spiced Latte (fun twist on the traditional pumpkin spice) and some coffee with matcha (not a huge fan of matcha so I didn't try this one). Good spot and fast service!Beautiful little spot! Emphasis again on the beautiful and on the little. 
It's much brighter and imo more aesthetically charming than the other Elixr location, but there isn't a lot of seating space and even fewer outlets. It doesn't necessarily feel small (especially because of high ceilings, large glass windows, and floods of sunlight that streams in), but I could imagine that it can fill up pretty fast. Thankfully, it doesn't seem to be too busy (or at least when I last visited), particularly in comparison to the one in Rittenhouse. 
Since I don't drink coffee and they don't offer a lot of non-coffee options, it's not my favorite spot but I do enjoy their matcha latte. It's also conveniently only a block away from my close friend's apartment, so double thumbs up in my book on their location.nice specialty coffee shop. Highly recommend 
my husband got the drip coffee every morning and I changed it up.  Easy access and quality tasting coffeeMy boyfriend found this recommendation on a Reddit thread where someone named it their favorite coffee in the city... of course we went to check it out.
Our lattes were delicious, and we purchased a bag of beans for at home. Turns out buying a bag of beans equals one free drink which was an awesome surprise!
The location is a little too far away for us to go to regularly but I will definitely be stopping in again when I'm around center city!