The bathroom is moldy and the bathroom door doesn't close all the way. As pretentious as this place is, they could at least fix the bathroom.Great Coffee!!! But make sure you bring your Macbook, PC's are definitely frowned upon.Great coffee, good location tucked away off main tourist area with friendly staff. Decent food options too for a light lunch.The guys at Elixr are incredibly knowledgeable about coffee, different brewing methods and equipment and they take the time to enjoy it with you.  
The barista that made my hand poured kenyan coffee told me all about the method and equipment he was using, and the coffee itself.  He took me through each step and at the end I had a flavorful and unique cup of coffee that truly satisfied.
I highly recommend Elixr if you're looking for not only a great cup, but a great overall experience.This is definitely a cool coffee place to go do some work and/or meet up with a friend. Elixr has such a rustic and beautifully-designed interior, good wi-fi, and a gluten-free banana bread that is well worth trying!The very best latte I've had in Philly. The location couldn't be better and the service is amazing. a favorite from now on.Minimal styling and clean. Menu was simple but many choices. The Santa Isabela was pretty nice.Great hand-poured delicious coffee. I wish they never painted over the Nosego on the wall.Coffee/espresso snob here. Elixr never disappoints. The loose tea and chai lattes are excellent, too. Service is very sweet and simple.
Most have said it, but damn this place gets crowded. I'm happy for them! I work online so if I'm gonna come in from South Jersey I get here early in the morning so I can sit and enjoy my cappuccino while I work.I usually like this place for a good coffee and getting work done (minus unreliable internet). However, stay away from pricey croissants which are dry and can't be heated up. What a miss!I've been here twice and have had the Iced Almond Mocha and the Cold Brew. 
I really liked the Iced Almond Mocha but it's a bit more on the chocolatey side since the chocolate flavor is sort of richer compared to other coffee shop's mochas. 
For the cold brew, it was good! It was smooth and not as acidic versus others.Tucked away & comfy. Also, beneath the seating is a row of 20 outlets. I can finally charge all 20 of my devices while enjoying an espresso. 
Surprisingly, its free from the 'everyone knows im a writer' guests who set up fort with a web of cords surrounding their empty cup. 
Neat wood work too.Set off in a discreet location, this coffee shop is top notch.  The friendly barista's and rustic look make this a great way to start your day.  The almond croissant's are delicious.Terrific coffee, friendly baristas, and nice, sleek decor. Philly has really come of coffee age with this shop. I'm from Portland, Oregon, and I know from good coffee, and this ranked right up there with the best of what is served in PDX.Four stars for the service and the ambiance, both of which are inviting and make one want to stay and sit with a coffee and chat. However, minus one star for the fact that it is never easy to find a place to sit!! Though whenever near Sydenham, I always end up in there vs. the chain coffee store since it is a true coffee house and great kitsch touches like book vending machine and postcards lend to the hip atmosphere.Coffee shop best for: Hanging out with friends
Overall Impressions: This is the most extroverted coffee shop I've ever been in. Definitely has a come in with friends and talk/hangout feel. Originally I liked Elixr coffee shop, but the longer I stayed there the less and less I'm liked it (background check - I'm also an introvert). There's just too much stimulation in one location. Also the coffee shop was packed! There was basically no seating. 
Coffee: Got a decaf pour over for pretty cheap! So I'm super happy about that. The coffee is pretty good. Strong and tempers well with cream. It doesn't hit you as hard as some other coffee's I had (very few though) but definitely still has good, well developed taste. The coffee was gentle enough to drink black - of course I still added cream because I like a thicker cup
Other options: Didn't order anything else but it looks like they have a decently fresh looking variety of pastries in addition to teas. The cool thing about tea is that they give you a glass teapot for you to pour your own cup
Service: Service was super nice. I asked for a decaf - which not all smaller shops are prepared to serve - and they made me a pour over. I have a feeling if you asked for something the servers here would try their best to make it. Very laid back chill people, not very chatty - but that's fine of course. 
Layout & Location: The coffee shop is kind of hidden, it's on a small street between 15th and 16th. They did a very good job maximizing space and providing all sorts of work spaces. My favorite is the bar height table near the large window (overlooking... dumpsters and other passerby-ers). There's also a large main table, tables for two, and a couch area. There are ample plugs hidden everywhere - like under the couch.  Again, it's pretty loud here given that they're playing music super loud (Top 40) and there's a lot of people talking
Décor: Somewhat of a cross between a graffiti park and a laboratory... I like the dishware because the rim of the coffee isn't too thick (I know random right). The couch bench thing and the large collaborative main table is super unique and cool about this location. The bathroom, though placed at the very front of the shop and that's a bit... weird, was really unique in its own way.This is one of my favorite places to get coffee- high quality coffee every time. I like getting the lattes here (not a lot of foam- yay). They also have a small selection of sweets (croissants are really good). There are several tables here up for grabs if you want to sip coffee and work. It's tucked away in the alley, so there isn't a lot of foot traffic outside.What a great little spot. I love the intimacy of the place, and the austere feel of the seating.  Not a place for being loud, which is nice. Friendly staff and decent prices; $3 for a decent medium-sized to-go cup. 
And the coffee? Excellent. I had a surprisingly fruity cup of pourover Panama and loved it.  They have soy milk (Trader Joes).
Definitely a place I'd try again next time I'm in town.I'm not even a big coffee drinker, but this place is great!  Nice caps and i had a fantastic fruit danish... of which I'm not certain what it was called.  If you're looking for a good coffee shop while trying to avoid starbucks, this is it.Excellently prepared, fresh coffee.  My cappuccino looked as beautiful as it tasted smooth.  A good cafe should have great vibes--a place you actually WANT to sit and do work.  The smell of fresh coffee beans and the purr of quality grinders is set on a background of awesome artwork-lined walls and hip tunes.  The baristas know their stuff and are not afraid to recommend other cafes in town.  Located in a great part of town, too. Thumbs up.This was nearby the theater on broad so we headed over here plus it was small business Saturday so why not support locally.  You guys lost 2 stars because there was a fly inside your bagel/pastry shelf.  That is just a no no!  Plus my beverage (double decaf espresso) was on the warm side not hot.  It became room temp very quick.  The guy enjoyed his hand poured coffee.  His first time, and loved it.  The thought made me want to buy a chemex for home.  I give you guys points for the shabby chicness of this place.  Maybe next time will be better.  I still like La Colombe better though.  Sorry.Really unique find. Decor is an industrial, rustic chic but cozy at the same time (you'll get it when you go there). They have pour over coffee, which I've never had before and it really enhances the flavor.  Their unique roasts are so tasty it eliminates the need for cream or sugar. I would have started drinking black coffee a long time ago if I knew about this place. Quite relaxing atmosphere where those who want to chat and those who want to work quietly can coincide. Definitely a go-to for coffee lovers!Cold brew is pretty solid and for $3 it's a fair price for a solid glass of cold brew.Fantastic place, and great with answering all of a dip newbies questions. Very popular and sometimes hard to get a seat. Regardless it's worth checking out, even if you have to take your coffee to go.I stumbled upon this place after seeing a sign placed on walnut st advertising its existence in a side alley. I was desperate for some caffeine and was willing to put all my coffee pretentiousness aside to procure some..which was totally unnecessary! This place was pour-over heaven! This is a cool, trendy spot roasting and brewing up some awesome coffee concoctions. The staff is uber friendly and the atmosphere is super chill. I would totally even go out of my way to come here. They know and respect quality coffee. I can't wait to come back.Elixr is the spot for the best coffee in Center city since Rival Brothers moved.  
$2.25 for drip coffee is a pretty standard price, but the stuff is way better than Starbucks, Dunkin, et al.
They also have really fancy pour over single drip; if that's your thing. Those cups of coffee at $4.50-6.50.
Elixir is a simple coffee shop which a beautiful interior, enough plugs for each patron to power several devices, and great coffee.Fantastic pour overs, which may be obvious, but they're also made by very nice people. Scale broke, which required me to wait perhaps 90 additional seconds, and for this apparently mortal sin they gave me a coupon for a free coffee (which I can't use since I'm an out of towner ). Highly recommend!What a wonderful coffee shop!
I've heard whispers of Elixr for ages now, but living east of Broad, I tend to stick to my side of the city for the most part. Shameful, I know, but I'm lazy. Well I finally decided to take the plunge and visit Elixr with a fellow Yelper on a lazy Sunday morning. I can't speak to the old location, but the new one is simply adorable. The decor is fantastic and homey, yet modern. 
Oh, and the coffee isn't bad either. They have a wide selection of specialty coffees with menu descriptions that read like a wine list, highlighting the different notes and flavors of each roast. I thoroughly enjoyed my cup, which was one of the hand brews of the day. Seating was rather hard to come by, which is a pretty good sign. This is definitely a place to sit and relax for while or get some work done. It just feels plain cozy. I will be returning much more regularly, even if it means (gasp!) venturing west of Broad more often.Worst experience ever. I would give them zero stars if I freaking could. GOD! I AM SO PISSED! I go there reading all the reviews that the place is awesome to just get a bite and hang out for a while. I went in and asked for a yogurt parfait and when the lady asked for here or to go I said for here and then paid for it. And.. *crickets* no one looked like they were going to do anything to put it together. So I waited for a while not knowing what to do and standing around feeling like an idiot. And then I went and told the guy that I ordered a yogurt parfait and he was like oh! Okay and took a to go cup with some measly yogurt.. He asked if I wanted fruit in it and I said sure he proceed to Dump the granola from the Mason jar in the freaking yogurt put a lid on it and handed it to me.. No sign of fruit. I felt like I was in the twilight zone. What was happening here. 
NEVER GOING BACK THERE AGAIN! Spoilt my whole day what a bummer. 
P.S : Nobody should be treated this way.Cool place. It seems everyone is doing chemex coffee these days in center city, so can't say this place is that unique anymore, but good coffee and chill spot. Nice options including African and South American beans.I just moved to Philly and this has become my go-to study spot in Center City. The vibe is really nice. It's a little hipster with its flower wall paper and semi-brick exposed walls. It has this really unique flower tapestry hanging from the ceiling too. There's plenty of seating and tables for studying, though it can get a little crowded sometimes. Also the music they play is on pointEvery time I go in there, there is nowhere to sit, which for starters is an issue of significance; as I typically come into the city to do research and I need a place where I don't get stink eye if I am seated for more than 15 minutes. The coffee is good, but for being there 4 hours, not one of those cups was a discount. If a customer buys 4 cups of coffee, why can't you charge at least 1 for half price or something similar.  Alll in all the environment is meh and the staff don't seem to spend too much time on customers who they don't already know well.Love the owner, Evan, and his batista are a great friendly crew as well.  Excellent coffee, and love the rustic looking interior. 
Cons: It seems they only sell a special roast Evan created around the holidays.  It had some great cherry notes in it that I loved, but was disappointed to find I could not purchase a bag on a recent trip since they no longer carry it. 
Also, maybe find ways to add additional seating, as it is always extremely crowded, no matter the time of day.  Thanks!I think Elixr converted me to pour over coffee!  It takes a bit, but definitely worth it (I had the Sumatra).  I love the decor, especially the communal tables.  And finally, the staff was super friendly, which is a breath of fresh air from some other coffeeshops in this town *cough* last drop *cough*.If you are a fan of bold, attention-grabbing coffee, this is hands-down the best coffee in town!Great coffee joint!  Perfect place if you're looking for a great atmosphere, and an equally great pour over.  I got the El Salvador Blend, and it hit the spot!  If you're in Philly looking for a chill spot than this is it. 
Pros: 
Coffee
Atmosphere
Bathroom (it's so awesome)
Cons: 
Was packed (that should be a good thing too)
Don't expect to get a cappuccino there or something, even though idk don't know why you would.I didn't give Elixr Coffee four or five stars (though, if I rated on pure emotion, I would) because I'm taking the rating system literally, and Elixr is "A-OK."
I've been to Elixr twice so far.  Its decor has this rustic hipster appeal.  And there are tons of outlets so that you can plug up your devices during your visit.  They also display small coffee and tea appliances for sale.  The display, alone, makes me want to buy up everything they have. 
My most recent visit to Elixr is turning me into a fan, however.  I ordered a rooibos tea and then sat in the seating area downstairs to wait.  After a while, I realized that I needed to check on my tea, thinking that it was probably sitting with the barista, getting cold.  
When I spoke with the barista, he said that my tea was still steeping and then assured me that he would call me when it was ready!  I was so impressed!  At other places, the barista puts your tea bag into a cup with some hot water and hands it to you.  But not at Elixr.  It's as if they want your beverage to be spot on before they hand it to you.  And perfection is always worth waiting for.  Go.Baristas very nice compared with la colombe or ultimo.
Espresso and ice coffee are much way better with no burn aftertaste.
Should open more branch!! And speedy up service..chatting isgood with cust but..itslows downWas visiting for a weekend and stumbled into this cute coffee shop. Lots of seating but was packed with students and people on laptops. I couldn't find a drink menu, which I found odd but I guess people know what they want. I ordered a cappuccino and was pleasantly surprised. It was musky and earthy but it had a smooth finish. Little to no acidity which I like. Overall a pretty robust cappuccino. Would come to try their coffee!A great dig in the city. I live for their espresso! The atmosphere is rather relaxed and has interesting artwork. If you're shopping in rittenhouse and need to put some pep in your step, Elixr is a favorite.I slept in on a Sunday, which I NEVER do and for the exact reason that I feel tired and out of sorts the entire day. I needed caffeine badly, and on a whim since I've started *gasp* drinking coffee and trying out the various cafes in our area, I chose Elixr Coffee as my next bean adventure. 
The cafe itself has a really awesome interior design IMHO, but I do love myself some dark wood, and that is everywhere. A fair amount of seating, too, and a number of people were sitting inside with laptops or books. I just wanted something to take outside as I did errands, so I got an iced coffee. DELICIOUS. So smooth tasting, I tried to savor it but I honestly sucked that baby down and wished I had another. I nearly did go back later that afternoon, but I knew that I would regret it if I did. But I may have a favorite coffee shop now...I like this place. Friendly staff, good coffee, and good food on a limited menu. Also a cool space. Great local coffee option.
The baked goods should be in a case or covered somehow. There are often gnats and fruit flies buzzing around the baked goods, which is unappetizing and probably not good food storage practice.
I also wish there were a phone number to call ahead, as the service for prepared foods can be slow.This is your go-to ultra-hipster impossibly trendy sip-n-stay-all-day-studying four dollar shot of espresso reclaimed wood industrial chic coffee joint.
The food is pretty good too. They really seem to care about the coffee, the food, the decor, the vibe. It all helps. If you can find a seat, take it, stay a while, soak it all in.I never review places while in them. I also am way behind on reviews in general. But I need to review Elixr as I sit in it-
I have been craving hot chocolate for weeks now, and it got much worse today given the random blast of freezing cold weather again. I went to a Starbucks after having to be outside for a while (only to charge my phone and use the wifi to search for a local coffee shop that may be able to give me my hot chocolate fix in the area. Behold-Elixr is found on yelp and I ventured over. Walking in was so warm, comforting, and the place is spacious and adorable. The barista at the counter looked at me as if immediately prepared to take my order and I said I was undecided. "No rush take your time!". I can't have dairy, so I asked about their milk options. Soy-sold. Is the hot chocolate milk chocolate? Cocoa powder and nope. Double sold. I rarely buy hot chocolate anywhere, usually make it at home, and am very picky about it in general. Kind of a hot chocolate snob. The shop has such good reviews, its freezing out, I've had a rough few days so why the hell not? Go for it, treat yourself. I am glad I did. It was delicious to the point that I scraped the mug clean. 
Elixr is so warm and welcoming, spacious for people to work, hang out, sit solo (like I did), and relax. Added bonus-all the guys working are adorable and sweet. I wish my chocolate had bit hotter (it was warm), but other than that I am very please with my decision to come in here on a whimI am not a coffee connoisseur, but even I know that this place is good. I never mind following my coffee addicted friends and family to this place and trying something I don't have the palate to appreciate. It's just good.Elixr is a great coffee shop. It might be Philly's best. The coffee is always very good. I really appreciate that they sell Dottie's Doughnuts so I can have a vegan snack with their coffee. One last bonus: an outlet beneath each seat in the large seating area in the front of the store.Everything you would come to expect from a local coffee shop. Good coffee, tasty snacks, and a nice environment to get some work done.  Plenty of electric plugs can be found, and lots of seats for the solo worker.I never imagined that my first coffee shop review on Yelp would be for a place that I didn't even know existed less than a week ago...and I'm kind of wishing it hadn't been...
I discovered Elixr while reading a recent article by Craig LaBan on the best coffee shops in Philadelphia. I don't want to say I'm a coffee elitist, but I definitely pride myself on recognizing a decent cup of Joe. That's why I was so surprised that this place had flown under my radar for quite some time.
My friend and I decided to stop here after a de-lic-ious lunch at Good Dog Bar just across the street (check out my review!). When ordering coffee, I typically steer toward cafe au lait's, but I decided this time to go for the highly recommended pour over, using their Guatemalan roast. Now, while I understand that a pour over is as much a science as it is an art, I was disappointed when the barista preparing my drink completely botched her first attempt (how hard can it be to weigh coffee beans? Especially when you have a chart and scale in front of you...).
I think this is the perfect opportunity to mention that while perusing other reviews, prior to my visit, I'd read that the baristas here can sometimes come off as a tad bit rude: preoccupying themselves in conversation, whether it be with each other or with friends in the shop. I'd hoped this wouldn't be the case during our visit -- there's nothing worse than that arrogant, pretentious attitude you sometime encounter at high-brow coffee shops -- sadly, I must now join the ranks of the disgruntled.
My friend, who'd ordered a cappuccino, stood patiently with me at the counter waiting for her order. While my barista was hard at work preparing her second attempt at my pour over, I noticed the other barista, deep in meaningless conversation with his buddy (who was standing directly next to us in line), was haphazardly preparing my friend's drink. Once done, and without skipping a beat, the barista put the drink on the counter (in front of his friend), continued his conversation, and made no acknowledgement that her drink was ready. Only because I'd been paying attention to what he was doing did I realize that the drink he'd made was indeed hers.
I informed her that it was her drink, and sent her off in search of seats, which are limited, due largely to the fact that much of the space is occupied by communal tables. A concept which in theory is a great idea, but in practice means one or two people spreading their things across half the table.
Another 5 minutes and I was finally able to join my friend and enjoy my long awaited coffee. While the wait was a bit long, it was definitely worth it, seeing as my pour over was delicious. Just the right temperature, low acidity, with subtle notes of grapes and berries. My friend also really enjoyed her cappuccino, though when I tasted it, it was a little weak; both on taste and temperature.
All in all, Elixr's a decent place to grab a decent cup of coffee. I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to try it out; however, if you find yourself in this part of town with a bit of time and patience on your hands, by all means check it out.I don't get to walk around center city much during the week.  When I do, I try to make it like a vacation.  On vacation, I walk around and drink coffee and beer all day.  Elixr was on my list.
Nice space, albeit a bit small when you walk in.  We hit just about the time that all the kids from U-Arts or wherever where mobbing all the tables with their expensive Apple laptops.  That's fine we were taking to go.
I ordered their Costa Rican pour-over.  This was a really tasty coffee.  It look some time because I think the guys behind the counter were a bit overwhelmed and because of the brewing method.  Also, they were unsure whether we paid or not which is hopefully not something they repeat with other customers.  It could affect their profitability.
I really liked their 4 group La Marzocco.  I had a dream about redesigning my kitchen just to accommodate it.  Then I woke up.  Anyhoo, I will be returning for some espresso.  Details to follow..Elixr is a coffee shop with great Yelp ratings, but easy to miss because it's off the main street and in a smaller side street. However, it's worth finding. The inside is beautiful and there's lots of tables and couches to sit at. The coffee wasn't a 5 star rating, but it is good and the staff friendly. One fun touch is that you can write a postcard to a friend while you sip your coffee and they pay for the postcard and the postage! Great unique, personal touch to a great coffee shop. If you're a hipster, go here!I haven't been to the new location yet, but as far as the old one goes, it was quiet and cozy. The staff is always super nice and very helpful. The service is quick and the coffee is excellent. It's a little pricy, but you definitely get quality to match the cost. It's a great place to grab a quick cup of coffee or just chill out a bit.I've become somewhat of a coffee snob and I blame Elixr. The first thing I learned was there is no need to add dairy products to coffee when the coffee tastes this good by itself. It'd be like adding water to a fine whiskey or bourbon. The pour-over process takes a bit of time, but so does enjoying each sip of the result. 
So save this spot for when you have the time to properly enjoy everything about it, including the ambiance and communal bench seating area which will automatically make you a new friend or two. There are a ton of power plugs under that bench, but I find myself avoiding getting the laptop out if I can when I'm here.
Since the coffee is such a treat, and such artistry goes into brewing it, their prices are a tad higher than you'll find elsewhere which makes this more of a luxury spot for me rather than daily routine.Elixr gets my vote for the best coffee experience in center city, hands-down.  The baristas are well informed about different varietals, actually enjoy talking shop, and know how to brew a cup any way you please.  Need a place to pop open your laptop and get some work done?  They've got you covered there, too.  If you want 60 second assembly-line coffee, there are hundreds of options around the city; If you want consistently amazing coffee of all types, head to Elixr.Beautiful interior at new spot! still the usual elixr, awesome quality coffee, absentminded bored lackluster baristas, seating full of people not drinking coffee just on laptops. Not nearly as friendly as other spots in philly (la colombe, the philadelphia java company) but if you have friends to chat with, its a nice environment. the hand poured coffee is sublime. i usually cream and sugar up my drink but no need here! I like going with friends so it was fine for me!I'm a Seattle guy and coffee snob so I'm usually pretty hard on reviews.  This place has it all...strong, tasty coffee and great vibe.  Lots of space.  A bit hard to find, but well worth it.  Hidden gem!I'm not an espresso snob.  But I am from a coffee town so I like seeking out real deal coffee places when I'm visiting other cities.  This place definitely qualifies!  Foam, temperature, flavor, all perfectly blended.  
Atmosphere is super well designed.  Well thought out but not overstated and not "trying too hard."  I can easily see spending more time here if I lived in Philly.Perfect place to spend a rainy afternoon. Split a brownie with my sister and warmed up with some cappuccinos.Had a pour over...it was yummy.
Had a multi grain bagel with cream cheese...it was yummy.The hummus sandwich maybe one of the messiest sandwiches I've ever eaten, BUT it is SO good I didn't even care.A little overpriced, but definitely worth it for the people who are admittedly coffee snobs. Their drop coffee is always made fresh to order, and leaves out that burnt taste that starbucks tends to have. 
The only reason why I give it 5 instead of 4 stars is the inconsistency. The first time I tried their mocha, I nearly cried because it was so good. The second time around, it was just as visually appetizing, but tasted like water. The third time was mere mediocre. I hope to return one day to get that awesome cup of mocha.... but their black coffee has never failed.Warning: Do not get the titular "Elixr Coffee" unless you're a fan of Kombucha. Because to me, thats what it tasted like. Really fizzy bubbly shots of espresso with bitter orange notes. Like I said, not a fan, but overall the vibe of the cafe is great! 
This place is difficult to find if you don't know where it's at, so make sure to GPS it otherwise youll end up walking past it like we did. Once inside the space is grand and open with plenty of seating that seemed to fill up very quickly. Aside from the Elixr I also had the brewed coffee which was excellent. I could see myself hanging out here on a weekly basis just to get some work done.In the tiny alley of downtown Philly you can find a coffee shop called Elixr. The atmosphere is upscale hipster if there ever was one. The staff are very friendly and are very helpful especially to a first-timer like myself. The coffee is very smooth and a perfect morning or afternoon pickup. It is definitely on the more expensive side of things but as a tourist I was willing to spend the extra cash to help out the small businessman. 
Overall, I was very satisfied with my experience and would recommend everyone come and experience Elixr for themselves. 
Keep up the good work!for those of you who haven't discovered this place and need a bathroom to use while out and about in center city...find it!  the bathroom door is DIRECTLY across from the entrance, so no need to pretend to buy a cup of coffee if you have to go.  
...only negative is there were no more paper towels when i went in there with my sister, but she had no problem picking up a used one off of the floor.4 stars for the coffee (which is excellent) and for the nice people who work here, zero stars for the fact that I have to step over so many wires because literally EVERYONE sitting in this place is on a computer that apparently needs to be charged. Here's a tip: come to the coffee shop with your battery at 100%. Not complaining that everyone's staring at a screen though. I'm actually glad because I don't want to have to talk to these d-bags.This is definitely off the beaten path but worth it.  The coffee was pretty good and my friend said they have the best hot chocolate in the city.  The interior was very cool.. the only thing that bugs me is that I always see Euro couples making out on weekend mornings.  Ahh nothing screams "romantic" like some stank coffee breath!I like Elixr because you can usually find a seat, it's nice and cool for the summer, and the staff here is very friendly :)
I came here today to grab something cold while waiting for my dinner reservation to come through. I wish they had more iced drinks that are noncaffeinated, but they only have iced coffee, iced tea (green tea or lemongrass, the latter which they ran out of) so I had to opt for the green tea since it was too late to have coffee.
I would suggest they have a large menu board since they only have these two small printed paper menus on the counter, which makes the choosing process longer especially during peak times.
Lastly, I was impressed by the professionalism of the staff here. One customer knocked over another customer's green tea drink as she was leaving (without even an apology, might I add) which resulted in a shattered glass mess. Thankfully the customer was cool about it and the cashier cleaned it up quickly. Unfortunately they ran out of iced green tea at this point (they brew it beforehand) but the cashier was sweet enough to give the customer another beverage for free. I thought that was very kind and professional.If you want an double espresso that tastes like undiluted vinegar and dish soap, this is your place.The coffee here is superb. I haven't heard of many roasters from the east, I'm usually a blue bottle, stumptown, verve, and other west coast roasters kinda guy. But this definitely placed elixir on the map for me.
Thanks for the simple yet delicious cup. Made my morning. Also the ambience of the place certainly made this more enjoyable too. :)Great coffee, but aaaaalways so crowded. Don't expect to get a seat if you're here one afternoon. It's fillllled with people plopped there for loooong periods of time.Very hip little spot just off the beaten path.  No frills delicious coffee and a limited-to-the-classics pastry selection.  Friendly staff.  If you're sticking around the tables are few and far between, but there is usually room on the large open bench with outlets aplenty underneath.  Great place to pop in and take a load off.Absolutely great coffee. I think they proved their superiority to competition like reanimator. I worked with coffee from both roasters and they do their hob well.Hey Philly: keep the boutique coffeeshop revolution up!
Hate Starbucks?  Disappointed with the decline of La Colombe's quality (like me)?  You finally have an option west of Broad worth checking out.
Brewing Kansas-based PT's Coffee and slinging espresso drinks on a  La Marzocco machine, this place is the real deal.  Add some beautiful wooden tables to the mix, and a nice selection of prepared sandwiches and salads.  
The space is small, but I'll most likely be coming here for coffee on the way to the office.  Welcome to the 'hood, Elixr!I was very impressed with Elixr.  The barristas were very good and did a great job with both espresso and pour-overs.  I had a few espressos, cappuccinos, and an excellent micro-lot Guatemalan from the Chemex.  
The shop itself is very spacious and has a good amount of seating.
As for their roasts, I bought a bag of their Mexican Chiapas (called 'Santa Teresa') and it's awesome.  Strong molasses and fruit flavor out of the french press, Chemex, and Aeropress.  
Highly recommended.Can be a little hard to find, but is one of my go-to study places downtown. Always great to grab a cup of iced coffee (with fruit accents!) and settle down on their large tables with readings for a couple hours. Baristas are super friendly, and are quick to recommend drinks if you're a coffee newbie!On my second random visit, I ordered the vanilla rooibos iced tea. Not being a tea drinker, getting used to drinking without sugar has been tough. Most times, there is some bitter edge to the tea.  Not here.  Both this one and the iced green tea I had last time we're not the least bit bitter and both were super flavorful. Plus, the staff is friendly and helpful - I was even asked if I wanted to sample the tea first.  The only downside is that there is very little seating.The drinks are so good here that I barely, if at all, need to put sugar in them, and that's saying a lot from me. I've had a cappuccino and a soy latte and both were delicious, and incredibly smooth. The decor/layout/style of this place is top notch with a homey feel. The staff are super friendly, adorable, and really good at their jobs. I don't find myself needing coffee in the downtown area very often, but when I do, I always go to Elixr.A little hidden except for the tables outside. Great vibe, great coffee blends, so worth the walk a few blocks from Rittenhouse Square. The pour-overs are delightful and there are options for every mood you're in.I am not a coffee person, but when I do choose to drink it, I search for something a space-time continuum better than Starbucks coffee. It's hard to find a good cup unless in the city.
Elixr has its niche clientele where it has a ton of coffee & tea options that are welcomed in a very hip, tech-friendly environment with an intentionally distressed interior; I suppose if Chipotle were a café, this might just be it.
I had the cold brewed coffee due to my interest in getting the best in flavor without getting jittered by something as compact as espresso. The chemex funnel device is used for this method, of course. 
I started sipping right away to get the gist of the drink before the iced melted any more. The resulting flavor was not bitter, nutty, sweet....but definitely weak, what a drag. With the amount of ice the barista put in the drink (and for what you pay for the drink itself), it simply needed to be stronger, especially when the ice dilutes in order to balance it out. Don't get me wrong, their cold brew is nice..but the full body flavor just wasn't there and seemed watered down. And I'm not even a coffee drinker, so I know weak vs. strong coffee when I taste it.
Elixr coffee might appeal to the coffee drinker who enjoys a lighter brew, as another Yelper stated. But in my opinion you need at least a slightly stronger coffee in order to bring out the best flavors. If that suits you, there's La Colombe two blocks away.I love coffee places where I am not tempted to put sugar in the cappuccino. His is the best place! They care, nice laid back vibe. Love it!Fantastic specialty coffee shop in Center City, offering a variety of delicious espresso drinks as well as vegan donuts and cinnamon rolls. Ambiance is sleek and modern yet cozy and inviting. Lots of seating and surfaces to work on, as well as outdoor seating. Prices are very reasonable ($5 for an iced Americano and vegan donut).
My Americano was perfectly made, and I really enjoyed the vegan donut. I was pleased to see that they had several different flavors, including chocolate pistachio, maple walnut, and blueberry coconut. Staff was very friendly and patient. All credit cards accepted.