This was our 4th time dinning at Emma's and the food is always delicious. So good that I couldn't stop to take pictures! Fresh and made to order Italian. Their serving sizes and quality will not disappoint. The atmosphere is cozy and service is fast and attentive. We will be back again! Fantastic meal!The service here is fantastic. They care about the food like an Italian family should. I tried the special, veal scampi, and savored each bite.  My girlfriend was envious of my dish. She got the chicken with asparagus in a wine sauce. That was delicious also.We ate here last weekend based on Yelp reviews since we were in the area and not too familiar with the restaurant scene.  The décor was cuter and cozier than the outside would suggest!  The owner explained all of the delicious sounding specials and then explained that if we paid in cash, we could do a prix fix menu!  We went with that option, and we were each able to get an app, entrée, and dessert for under $50!!  And its BYOB!  The food was really good and tasted super fresh.  I had the salmon special, and it wasn't huge but just a good size, and my boyfriend had the lasagna special which was huge and delicious.  We live in South Philly where Italian restaurants are a dime a dozen, but the next time we are in this neighborhood we will definitely return!  
One other thing to note, there were a few larger groups there, so I would consider this place for doing a bday dinner or something with a semi-large crowd!What a lovely meal we had here! We came on a Saturday night and made a reservation just in case. The outside of the restaurant may seem a little odd with the fluorescent lighting but I promise you the inside looks nothing like that. We were greeted promptly once we entered and got seated right away. 
They have a pretty small menu with appetizers, pasta, meat and seafood. There's also a separate dessert menu. We got the Pasta e fagioli and Eggplant Parmesan as appetizers. For mains we had chicken marsala, spinach ravioli, seafood tagliatelle, and clam tagliatelle. They were accommodating about changing one of the dishes' sauce. Great dishes and pasta was cooked just right.
Service was attentive and friendly. We really enjoyed our meal here at a small neighborhood restaurant. We will definitely come back.Such a cute little, local BYOB place. Very inviting and one of my favorite Italian joints. The owner is friendly and enjoys talking to the guest. The food is amazing. I suggest the lobster ravioli and the mussles!! Amazing little joint.It doesn't get more mom and pop restaurant than this.  If great, homemade Italian food is what you're looking for then this place is it.  The atmosphere is a little lacking  and the menu I did find small.  But I'm about great tasting food and this place had plenty.   They make their own bread and every dish was cooked to order, not premade and reheated.   My first time there but will not be my last.I was between rating 2 or 3 stars, but the waitress was really nice so I gave it three. First of all the place is adorable and inviting and it's BYOB and that's great. Me and my girlfriend started off with the calamari and the muscles appetizer. The muscles were AMAZING, big and fresh and the white sauce was DELISH! The calamari was okay, we mixed it in the white sauce the mussels came in and that really improved them. The menu is VERY SMALL! I got the veal marsala and the veal was good but the marsala sauce was strange, like sweet basalmicy, and not enough mushrooms. My friends filet over Gorgonzola gnocchi was good, creme  brûlée and tiramisu AMAZING, but we had originally ordered a piece of hazelnut cake that came frozen solid.... Maybe I'll go back. Maybe not. They need more selectionDon't let the outside fool you, the food is great! It's a working class neighborhood, but the food is freshly prepared and nice staff.Emma's website, as well as the Yelp website, state that Emma's is open on Monday evenings.  I made a reservation via their website two weeks prior to our dinner party there.  This is a half way point for 4 friends to meet.  When we all arrived this past Monday, we found out that Emma's was closed.  When I called the restaurant on Tuesday to complain--all I heard was that they were having problems contacting their website company--never an apology for the error or the inconvenience to 4 people.  I was thanked for letting them know their website was wrong.  Terrible customer service--and I won't be back.  We found another location that was happy to have us --and that will be our meeting spot in the future.Hows this place still open food is far from italian we got coupon from restaurant.com 30 for 20 ok we decided to try this place  when we called to make a reservation they say its  have to be n only between 2 -4 pm n u cant get anything from lunch SPECIAL or any other special we said ok fine so they left us with nothing to chhose from only two things  pasta with meatball or mussels neither was was cooked well no flavor  overall this place sucks 2 stars for the breadThis is a BYOB,home cooking, little join for a hit and run dinner,not fine dinning.The food is so wonderful, truly the best I've ever had, but the staff is inattentive and borderline rude.We found this bidden gem by searching restaurant. com.  We were visiting Philadelphia for the weekend and did a search for a place to eat on Valentine's day.  It was a bit of a ride from where we were staying.  The outside is simple and we passed it at first.  We were wondering if we made a mistake.  Once inside we were immediately greeted and our reserved table was ready.  It was very busy but that is to be expected on this day.  The portions were perfect.  The food was outstanding and the bill was a shock.  It was a BYOB so we brought our bottle of wine.  Appetizer,  two meals and one dessert with two teas came to 48. 00.  I would highly recommend this place if you want a great Italian mealThis place is definitely a hidden gem in Mayfair. Looks very unassuming on the outside, then you walk in and it's rather roomy and intimate inside. Parking was also not an issue which is ALWAYS a plus for me. The manager gave us top notch customer service; not too pushy, overbearing and annoying; seemed like a very down to earth person. He explained the  menu in detail, as it was our first time dining there. Checked in on us an appropriate amount of times. 
Now on to the food: It did not disappoint. The bread was delicious, warm, fresh. I had the chicken marsala, my friend had the chicken parm. We both ate every last morsel of food! Water glass was never empty. I will say that the dessert left much to desire; at the time they were doing a fixed price menu and the dessert came with our meal. I had the cheesecake, (which was dry), my friend had this chocolate mousse thing which wasn't so good either.  
Despite that however, the food and the customer service far surpassed my expectations and I definitely will be returning!this place is great , food is excellent . people are very friendly . BYOBI've been here several times. Food is good, portions are little. Typically you expect abundance at Italian restaurants but this place doss not over serve. It is a BYOB and the liquor store is only a block away so that's cool. The food is always delicious. I always get the mussels white and scallops with home made pasta.
The service is not good. It seems like the front of house has never actually worked front of house before. There is a Maitre D which I do not get why but he is the one who explains the menu, the servers couldn't even answer a question about the menu. That's very weird to me. Maybe they should hire actual servers with experience.
I would like to mention what happened on one occasion though.. my boyfriend and I entered at 8:30pm on a Friday evening only to be told that they are not seating anymore. Their hours stated they were open until 9. We drove pretty far just to be pushed out when it wasnt even closing time. That def left a bad taste in my mouth and i truly dont know if i will go back. But luckily we found an amazing BYOB just around the corner that had no problem accommodating us coming in at 9pm on a Friday night. Can't wait to go back to that spot!We surprised our parents for their anniversary with dinner here, there were 14 of us. The service was fantastic! The food was out of this world. It's was more then enough food to share but not so much that you felt overly stuffed when you left. We had everything on the table from truffle ravioli, caesar salad to scallops for apps and veal parmesan, beef tips with gnocchi (yum!) ,lobster ravioli and linguini with shrimp and crab. Everything was fresh and made to order and you could totally tell. We all enjoyed our food and we're impressed with how well they handled our large party. Thank Emma's! We will defiantly be backShowed up with groupon now voucher and was turned away. They said they were closed but the groupon said use by 10pm. They need to take down the groupon if its not applicable. Fortunately there was a Asian fusion byob next door. Won't be going back to Emma's.This place is unbelievable! They have a prix fixe menu that's $25 for 3 courses. I went with my family and we had the crab cakes risotto, the scallop and shrimp papardelle, tiramisu and coffee. The bread was oven hot and crispy, served with olive oil and butter. My mom had clams and scallop pasta and my aunt and uncle had the chicken parmigiana. The service was excellent, and the prices reasonable. I suggest making a reservation or you'll be waiting. It's BYOB, so be sure to bring a bottle of your favorite. I will be returning soon.The lobster ravioli is amazing.  The scallops were phenomenal. Great BYOB. Scallops were phenomenal.Can't remember our 1st time there but I know we won't ever have a Last time there! Everything is great. everything is made from scratch so its not instant food, BYOB always good for me. And dessert is fresh and deliciousThey're ok. Nice, intimate atmosphere. Staff is really nice. My chicken piccata was salty. The red sauce on the pasta wasn't very tasty.This establishment is most certainly a diamond in the rough. If you aren't looking for it you would drive right by. Who would have thought that Albanians could prepare better Italian food than Italians. When it comes to Emma's this is definitely the case.  They have a small menu however everything on it is amazing. My favorite dish was the meat bolinaise with papperdale pasta.  My only complaint is that they switch up the menu seasonally so my favorite dish isn't always available. The staff will bend over backwards to accommodate you. If you want to take a chance on a place and want a nice quiet dinner give Emma's a shot.This place was just OK as it had some pluses and some minuses.  I thought it was expensive for what it was.  ~$20 per entree is fine if it's a nice, upscale restaurant, but it's not.  It wants to be, but it's not.  Appetizer salads are $6.50 and, while they're quite good, they're very small.  My entree was above average, but quite small, almost to the point of justifying a complaint.  Everyone else in my party enjoyed their entrees so that's definitely a plus.  Service was nice albeit not very good.  We went on an early Friday evening and I'm pretty sure they only have one waitress, one food runner, and one cook.  We waited about an hour for our entrees which is unacceptable.  It's BYOB which is good and they run a special where your meal is 50% if you pay cash from 4-6 pm.  I'd definitely go back for that deal as the price would be more agreeable for what you get and the short staff situation probably wouldn't be an issue during that time.My boyfriend and I travel out of our way to come here. Best place around Frankford Ave without a doubt.Also the best mussels I have ever had...EVER!Went there for a birthday dinner witha party of 5. Every dish was cooked to perfection and the portions were more than enough. Had 1 appetizer which was excellent and they gave our table a complimentary appetizer.
Total for 5 was $94.00
Great place for a nice dinner, We will be back soon.
It is a BYOB.Finally found a good place with reasonable prices outside of downtown Philly. I was with a party of 3 and we each ordered something different. 3 apps and 3 entres. We were all very impressed with the food. I will definitely be going back.I have been to this restaurant a few times and I love it. Some friends and I were looking for a mom and pop restaurant that was byob and we found it :). This place has great service and delicious food. Every plate is well put together with fresh ingredients. They have so much to choose from for ever palate. Definitely check this place out its a hidden gem.We've eaten here many times and are always happy with our meal! A couple of our favorites are the mussles in red/white sauce and the filet mignon steak tips over gnocchi gorgonzola. The food is fresh and prices are really affordable. This place is a great BYOB too!!!Ive been to Emma's two times and both times we enjoyed ourselves. I went once for a girls night out and the other time was with a large party including children.  The food is very good and the fact that it is BYOB is just great. The whole staff was very friendly and they seem to wait on you as a team instead of just having one server (which some people do not like). The place is very small so I did not mind their serving technique.  We were not rushed at all. Food was paced perfectly. I will be back.One of the best hidden gems in the Northeast for Italian food. If you want great service and a great meal look no further than Emma's.There are only two reasons this is not a full five stars: Price & Portion sizes. The food is outstanding and the staff is very friendly. Their homemade bread is INCREDIBLE but I did find their desserts were 'okay'. Great place to stop by for some early dinner but I would never want to pay the full price.Great food. Great service.  Also the best mussels I ever had. Its BYOB so stop by the liquor store first.Emma's is great for authentic Italian food in a very home like setting. I just celebrated my sister in laws 21st birthday here and the entire staff are prompt and punctual, it was a beautiful set up and I frequently visit Emma's on a monthly basis with my husbandFirst time at this modest neighborhood Italian restaurant. We ordered the mussels in red sauce, eggplant Parmesan, salad with goat cheese for appetizers. All very delicious! The goat cheese was fried lightly. Wonderful! We shared the veal Fantasia for an entree. The veal medallions (3) were pounded very thin and perfectly cooked. They were served in a delicate sauce with capers and a hint of lemon. The vegetables with the dish were asparagus, broccoli and cauliflower, just a small portion, perfectly cooked. The bread with the meal was warm and crusty. We were served a complimentary sample of the chicken gnocchi soup which was savory and flavorful. The wait staff was very attentive. Only downside was lack of working A/C on this night. Kind of reminded us of dining al fresco in Italy! Chef Hassan does a great job! We'll be back!Took mom-in-law and family here for Mother's Day.  Best Italian food in the Northeast, at the very least.   Salads were fresh and dressed nicely.  Pasta was excellent--still had some body when it came to the table piping hot.  I had a seafood pasta dish, and seafood was tender (shrimp, calamari).  Wife had Eggplant Parmesan--which for her is the test of an Italian restaurant.  Very well balanced - just enough of all the parts--eggplant, breading, sauce, cheese, nothing overwhelmed the dish.  Everyone raved.  Desserts were good.  Wife and I split Tiramisu and Creme Brulee. Best Tiramisu I've had in a while.   It is BYOB, but frankly, that's a plus--you can bring a bottle of your favorite and not get taken to the cleaners by the markup.   I've seen the comments on the staff in other reviews and while I wouldn't call it "attentive", it wasn't inattentive either.  Which, for a mother's day meal gave us plenty of time for good conversation with the moms at the table.The flavors that I tasted today are indescribably, this was a cozy place to enjoy with family or in a romantic date. I would highly recommend this to anyone who loves good food with great portions. Between the prices and portions, you can not beat it even if you tried. Awesome Place !!!Really? I'm shocked by the reviews on here after eating here for v-day (but not on valentine's day itself). This was a huge disappointment. Excited to go to an italian place in the NE that gets great reviews AND is a BYOB, I had high hopes and had read great things on yelp. 
The fiance and I had at least 5 different servers, which complicated things when it came to orders and requesting more water or bread. The many waiters/waitresses we had were on the ruder side and and it felt very impersonal. We also felt rushed, yet we were the ones waiting on the servers. 
The portions were small for the price - my fish special was about 3 bites. And it was close to $30! Everything was just kind of meh - not impressed.They were out of a lot of the desserts so we got the chocolate lava cake which was most definitely a frozen dessert - the whole point of the lava cake is the lava! This was more like a brownie and the "lava" barely moved. 
For not ordering any alcoholic beverages, our bill was shocking. Not to bash the Olive Garden, but we've had way better meals there and the food was much better, we've spent less money, and the service was far superior. Sorry, Emma's, we wanted to like you :(
Oh, and there was a tv on in the dining room the whole time showing some weird infomercials or something. There's not even a bar.. what's up with that?This is the best restaurant I've been to in the past year.
The lighting, the music, and the whole entire overall set-up is extremely cozy.
(don't get fooled by the outside lol )
The atmosphere is quiet and nice, I liked that it was BYOB so we were able to bring our own bottle of wine, the waitress was nice and friendly; however since she was the only one there, it did take her a while to take our order but we didn't mind it, it was worth the wait the food was extremely delicious, all hand made prepared to perfection.
5+ Stars and we're definitely going back!My BF and I brought both of our parents here the Friday before Christmas. It was hard to see from the street as the entrance is not well marked and the signage is overwhelmed by other nearby businesses, my BF was convinced we were on the wrong block, but we found it. Though unassuming, this was a "don't judge a book by its cover" situation.
The dining room is relatively small, but clean with a good ambience. We had made a reservation for 7:30 and we were glad we did as the place was full and they apparently stop seating around 8. 
The food was excellent, it came out hot and everything we had was delicious. The BF's parents said it was the best meal they ever had. 
The only drawback...the meal took us 3 hrs from sitting to leaving, not an exaggeration, 3 hrs. Service was very slow, the wait staff was running around like crazy but hardly stopped by to check on us. In their defense there was a party of like 16 people while we were there and they seemed to require a lot of attention. Luckily we were able to entertain ourselves and the food made it worth it, but 3 hrs?!
I would probably go back considering everything else was great but probably not during the holidays or go on a weeknight rather than a weekend because who has that much time for one meal?Always a treat and a pleasure to visit Emma's. The owner, Eddie, and his wife always make you feel welcome. The food took a little longer than usual to come out of the kitchen, but when it did, it was well worth the wait. Everything was cooked to perfection and looked beautiful on the plate. Thank you, Emma's Cafe, for another delightful dining experience!This was a great find!!  We were looking for somewhere we could eat with great food but in the neighborhood instead of having to travel down south philly.  We found this place on the internet and never knew we were passing it everyday!  The place was decorated alittle weird but the food was awesome.  The pasta was fresh and the sauce was so good!  There must be alot of regulars because the chef was out at the tables chatting and checking on everyone!  Definitely going back!  BYOBIt was our second time there and we couldn't have walked out of there happier! For the portion and quality, the price was great! We got the calamari (tomato sauce was really gooood), caprese, white mussels (the white mussels being our favorite--the sauce was creamy, buttery and lemony--we left that plate squeaky clean!), bruschetta (on the house and so flavorful!), the gorgonzola cream gnocchi (super decadent), and the tiramisu.Little Hidden Ruby- Fantastic warm and grilled Italian bread with  real olive oil, huge Caesar salad topped with tomatoes, pappardelle immersed with grilled scallops and shrimp covered in a subtle blush with tiny capers... clean, great service, excellent food, reasonably priced for the high quality. They also have a fixed price menu. The choices were many and all sounded delectable. I was happy with my choices and was thrilled with the authenticity even though the chef is Moroccan. Hard to find- the front is not well lit- had to drive around the block twice to find the location- ample metered parking in front(no money required after 6 pm)fine dining in Mayfair? You betcha. This very reasonably priced BYOB serves a good variety of entrees. Had the lamb chop last time since they were out of the filet mignon. It was outstanding!!I ordered my dessert at the same time I ordered my meal (I only went there for the dessert ) as we were eating our meal we over heard the group next to us order the same dessert the staff brought them out their dessert then walked over to our table and told us they were out....basicly they gave our dessert to the other table because they finished first soooo disappointed....Absolutely delicious! Just bought my parents there for their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary and everybody (all seven of us) where beyond pleased!  The place is adorable and the family atmosphere is perfect. The chef is beyond accommodating and will mix any sauce with and entree upon request. If you live in the northeast, or anywhere in Philly really, and are looking for a fun, lighthearted night out, I highly suggest Emma's. Not only will you be delighted by there menu but there prices are perfect as well!They have the most delicious homemade bread here!!
We went for Valentine's Day. Even with the crowd, the service and the food were great. 
It's on an unimpressive corner of Frankford Ave (we almost missed it!). It doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside, it's delicious!Unless you don't enjoy genuine, well prepared Italian food that arrives at your table piping hot, then don't bother coming to Emma's Cafe. Our table ordered the veal marsala, spinach ravioli, plus a chicken and shrimp dish that was tasty and plentiful. Bring a bottle of wine and relax as each dish is carefully prepared which means you may have to wait longer to eat than you'd like. The atmosphere is clean and comfortable and the prices are reasonable. Family owned and operated, you feel the pride that goes into every aspect of this dining experience at Emma's Cafe.The place was in the middle of the block on Frankford Ave, and a little hard to find. Very small inside and an odd decor. I had the Caesar salad to start with, which was very good. A friend of mine had the mussels, were nice but the sauce was an odd choice and too heavy with lemon flavor. For dinner, I had the linguini with mussels and shrimp. The pasta, shrimp and mussels were very fresh and flavorful, but again the sauce was a bit off-putting. My friend had the veal and seemed to enjoy it.
Nice spot for the area, and food not bad at all. I would come back, but it would not be my first choice. If you are looking for a good Italian BYOB in the area, check out Zaccone's. It's BYOB which is always a plus.Myself and a group of 10 went there for dinner last night for my friends 40th birthday and it was even better than the first time.  The food was amazing and the service was wonderful I cannot wait to go back again!!!Just had dinner at Emma's.  Everything we had was fresh and tasty.  I had the spinach ravioli and my husband had the veal Marsala.  We had creme brûlée for dessert.  All wonderful!  We will be back with family and friends.  Very friendly people as well.YEAH for BYOB!  Went here with my parents for my B-day.  Our meals were good.  They tolerated us being there for three hours.  (it was a slow Tuesday)  I will be returning regularly.  That is a promise.Fantastic little gem hidden on Frankford ave in Mayfair.  Get there early it gets packed after 7This place is awesome and will definitely be back. Had dinner there tonight with my family and the food was great. I had the veal and we all ordered something different. Everything was awesome and no complaints at all.   Wish Mayfair had more places like this. 
And it's BYOB, so we brought a bunch of wine too.  
Will be back soonI fell in love with this restaurant the moment I walked in! It's super cozy/romantic vibes it felt like I was at a really fancy place! I went last night for Valentine's Day with my husband and another couple..  we waited a really really long time for our food but it was kind of nice to sit around and sip on our wine that we brought and just enjoy the atmosphere! Every dish that came out looked like it was prepared from the heart and soul! And it was crazy busy so that might explain the crazy wait. The food was really good! Cooked to perfection!!  Definitely going back! 
P.s don't let the outside fool you!The food was very good...freshly prepared...I had shrimp and scallops over spinach, delicious!!
BYOB which I appreciate I would go there again for sure!Food is good but a bit pricey for atmosphere and neighborhood. Service was good and waitress was very attentive.This was our 4th time dinning at Emma's and the food is always delicious. So good that I couldn't stop to take pictures! Fresh and made to order Italian. Their serving sizes and quality will not disappoint. The atmosphere is cozy and service is fast and attentive. We will be back again! Fantastic meal!
Came again - food was amazing, as usual! 
Italian Wedding soup (just like grandma's) 
Seafood pasta (scallops, shrimp, mussels, clams, shrimp,
Broccoli in blush sauce) 
Fresh bread 
Absolutely delicious- every time we come!Amazing dinner.   Even more amazing desert.   Kind of place you take your time sit and enjoy company and food.The best. The staff are so sweet food is fabulous 
And reasonably priced that you make it your place to goI have been visiting Emma's for a couple years now, after getting a Restaurant.com coupon and trying it the first time in 2011 or 2012.  I loved Emma's when we first started going, definitely a "five star" experience (on the yelp scale anyway!).  The menu was always fairly limited, but the pasta was freshly made, the bread on the table is DELICIOUS, and the service is fine (just fine, nothing special).  
However, we recently went back on Valentine's day after a six month or so hiatus, and found that the menu was pretty different.  The options now are very limited, and the prices seem higher, though I can't verify as I don't have a copy of the old menu.  I was pretty disappointed in my meal, and my boyfriend called his meal "average".  
I was tempted to give it three stars, but I still have a soft spot for what they used to be (a five star operation), and it's possible that their offerings are just more aligned now with "traditional italian" versus americanized italian.  Either way, it's no longer for me, so I don't think I would plan to return.Had my first visit to Emma's tonight; what a hidden gem! The service was attentive, the food was excellent!  We were pleasantly surprised; our party of 5 had the Bruschetta, Linguine with Mussels & Shrimp, Baked Spinach Lasagna w/ Gorgonzola, Veal Parmesan, and the Chicken  San Nicola with Shrimp, Crabmeat. Not a bad choice in the group! I was stunned, never expected to find this fine attention to each entree in such a (seemingly) neighborhood eatery.  I can't wait to go back!Great family friendly restaurant with flavorful dishes to choose from. Would love to have seasoned olive oil with bread. Also don't understand the purpose of the $5 charge when ordering a special menu item and using a groupon.  But overall great place and we enjoyed our meal a lot.  Must try lamb chops, very good! Will definitely return.Torn between 3 & 4 stars. Reading definitions : "A-OK" (3) & "Yay  I'm a Fan" (4). I decided to stick with 3 as I can't say I'm a "Fan" & need to go back. 
Haven't been there & looking for somewhere  good in the area? Then GO!!! This isn't really local for me but we had a group & wanted somewhere in the NE. Byob. Italian. 
The food didn't disappoint any of the 6 of us. Although the filet tips were a bit over-salted. The marinara sauce is good & not overly tangy or garlicky. They offered a goat cheese salad which I love to see on any menu , tho it could've used a bit more dressing drizzled on the spring mix. They gave 2 prix fix choices of $22 or $27 -the more expensive included the seafood dishes. For the price we received salad or app, entree & dessert. No one had left overs except for me. My chicken parm was "2" large breasts of chicken plus I received a side of rigatoni in the house sauce. I brought home 1 whole piece of chicken along with a bunch of pasta - bravo!!! :). Creme brûlée for dessert was very good & not too heavy. 
There is 1 waitress running the dining room. She was pleasant however never checked on us. There was 1 other table ,by the time we left 3 other tables. I realllyyyyyy needed grated cheese on my dish but she never even looked over for me to wave her down. After we were served, we never saw her again until she came to take away our plates & offer dessert.  Also no drinks or water refills or additional bread were ever offered after our initial arrival. Could've used all of the above. 
Food is good. Cute. Inexpensive.Another great meal at Emmas  (3 courses  $24) started with the crab risotto cakes; two large cakes served with marinara, then onto the salmon filet over pasta in a blush sauce; excellent. I had to try the tiramasu, great choice. The $24 special is the summer menu with a lot of choices. Emma's is a BYOB. Will be back next week to try the scallopsI love Emmas, one of the best BYOB restaurants in the Northeast. Love their  Veal Chop ,Sea Scallops, and Tilapia for entrees. I always start with the Mussels or Clams in white sauce and have never been disppointed.
I would highy recommend this restaurant if you are in the Mayfair section of the Northeast. 
Starting May 10th if you get there before 6PM and pay cash they will give you 50% off on your bill, this includes Friday, Saturday and SundaysEmma's exterior is unassuming but the delicious plates carefully crafted within is true delight. Family who've travelled to Italy, consistently request Emma's as their restaurant of choice when visiting us in Philly. With great deals on delicious meals, Emma's is everyone's favorite BYOB.My first visit and sorry to say my last. Although the food was very good, the wait for food and only one waitress on duty was unacceptable, even for a wed night. We waited for water, menus and ice to chill the wine way to long. I am not even kidding when I say we asked for a coke six times and more bread for the mussels as many times. We got the coke, but never the bread. It's a shame, if I need an Italian place in the northeast will go back to Tuscany on Rhawn St.Great meal at Emmas. Started off with a complimentary cup of onion soup  (nice touch) then onto the mussels in white sauce absolutely the best, then the salmon filet in blush sauce over pasta then tiramasu for dessert. All for an unbelievable price of $24 (tax and tip not included). Oh and it's BYOB. I will be back soonI think that the service was above par. Our water glasses were never empty. Gracias and prompt server. Some of the menu items weren't accurately described which made me feel a little down about my first course. Crab risotto was listed but instead I was served fried rice balls which were good, but I would not have ordered.
We were offered an additional small soup course on the house. It was a French onion soup. A small serving but large enough to get big taste of the multiple layers of onions working their way through the heavy broth. 
My entree scallops all had small bites of sand. The pasta needed more if the sauce and way more seasoning. My friend ordered chicken parmagania  and that looked like ir was winning dish! 
Desserts weren't anything I found special or unique. I had cream brûlée. It was larger then usual but not very deep. It was good, but not something I would rave about.Another great meal at Emma's. Started off with mussels white, as always they were excellent. Then ordered a favorite, the bronzino which was perfect. 
I will be going back again soonStarting with the pasta fagoli soup, now on to the talipia with crabmeat and shrimp served in a saffron white wine sauce,  excellentAnother great meal at Emma's, Pasta Fagoli with chicken soup, Branzino and Espresso. Yummy!The food was good. However the sauce needs more flavor and your bread for brusseta is wrong. It's Sogie and their is not enough topping. You over price so you should care and get it rightQuite the quaint little BYOB Italian spot. I discussed to choose from the $24 menu that includes an app, main course, and choice of dessert. The waitress was nice and even gave us samples of the soup which was chicken fagioli. It was so fresh and full of flavor. I had a nice Caesar salad and sampled some of my boyfriend's crab risotto. The bread was fresh and delish. It's hard not to get full before the main course. I had filet mignon tips on top of gnocchis. I thought I died and went to heaven. The next day my leftovers were all I thought about. To top it off I later enjoyed my tiramisu at home with the rest of my mine. So yummy. Prob my fav Italian spot. Can't wait to go back.My daughter and I had a delicious dinner with a friendly waitress. Her gnocchi and my shrimp and pasta were delicious! Before dinner, the waitress brought over a little cup of chicken rice soup on the house which was the best chicken and rice soup ever! Cute little neighborhood place!Quiet, comfortable and all of the food was absolutely delicious. Friendly waitress. Lighting could be a less bright.Best food we have had in NE Philly in a long, long time! Most like a European experience because it's not rushed. Each course is carefully served and the Sunday through Thursday specials are reasonable and exceptionally prepared by one individual highly trained cook! P.S. The espresso is the best I have had in the US, other than France itself!!! BYOB