Very exciting addition to the neighborhood. I came for the first time today and I know that I will definitely be back often. I got the create-your-own poke bowl! It was super affordable and sooo tasty. The portions were plentiful and the presentation was beautiful.
It's an interesting combo that this place also has brekky sandys as well as a multitude of sandwiches and salads and paninis.  It is an odd combo, but I love variety and proximity and this place has both! I can't wait to try the whole entire menu and figure out what my favs are.
This is definitely more of a grab and go or a quick lunch spot. It is done Chipotle style and there are high top seating available, but there is no waiter or waitress service.
I highly recommend and I will definitely be back!Great addition to the fairmount area. Love the fresh ingredients. You can order Hawaiian poke exactly to your liking.Excellent. Tuna Melt and club sandwiches were delicious. Poke bowl was fresh- very tasty. We made our own, but there are several on the menu. Refreshing smoothies. Quick, efficient, friendly service. Very clean.I visit this spot at least every few weeks. Pretty much your standard poke spot, but they also do breakfast sandwiches, salads, panini, and bubble tea. 
I recommend making your own poke bowl because you seem to save $ that way. I get eel and either salmon or tuna, or all three if I'm really hungry. 
Pro Tip: Try getting EXTRA masago in your poke or salad bowl. It really adds that umami factor.I was so excited to have a classic deli open in the neighborhood but my husband and I got breakfast bagels from Engimono and they left a lot to be desired. 
First of all, he walked over at 10:30 am to find a sign saying they are not opening until 11 am from now on. That's late on the weekend, especially for breakfast orders. 
He came home and we tried calling to confirm they would open at 11 but no one answered the phone after repeated calls. 
He went back at 11 am only to find the owners(?)/managers unlocking the door and appearing disheveled and disorganized. Before they took his order the one employee asked the other employee if they wanted to order a pizza!
After my husband ordered (and paid!) they informed him they were out of everything and sesame bagels. They only had plain (blah) left. All bagel lovers know there is a big difference between everything and plain - they should have told him before he paid. 
As for the food itself, it was okay. The bagel was toasted well but they were stingy with the bacon and the egg was soggy and made the bagel mushy. My husband did get a poke bowl last week that he said was good and a Reuben that was just okay. 
This place does not deserve 5 stars, especially with the level of professionalism (or lack there of) they are running it with.  I was really looking forward to have a traditional deli in the neighborhood, and I'll give them one more chance to step it up. But they really need to focus on the food quality and professionalism. Solid 2.5 stars but I'll round up to 3.Great addition to this neighborhood, previously rybread but feel like there's more items than what they have. Love that they have poke and deli, tried their deli forgot what its called but I must say delicious and generous portion of meat. Will be back to try their PokeI've been here a dozen times now and it's a great experience every time. I've had bowls, sandwiches and milk tea. Everything I've had has been great. There is a lot of variety on the menu, so you can find something you like or try something new. There is seating but I've mostly taken out. You can call ahead as well if you're short on time. I'm glad this new place is in the neighborhood.I am a local who was pleasantly surprised by the variety and freshness of the food. The prices are very fair too. I also really enjoyed the selection of rare candy they offered up, it's a fun find! And the staff was SO FRIENDLY!! I'm definitely going  backAmazing poke bowls, with plenty of toppings and fresh, yummy ingredients.
The staff was really amazing and beautiful! It's good priced, especially compared to other places in the city.Love their breakfast sandwich, formerly rybread. Seems like they drastically tranformed the space. A lot better and cleaner look, also took a peek at the backyard seatings looks amazing.I will be back to try their poké bowls!This is my favorite delivery spot.  They're quick and the food is always great.  I can't compare poke bowls because this is where I've tried it first - and have continued. The shrimp tempura is my favorite protein option.  I also really enjoy all of their sandwiches - more so than the "more popular" sandwich place near by.Awesome Poke spot. Everything is fresh and delicious.  The guys there are super nice! Give it a try if you are in the area and craving a poke bowl. The $9 poke bowl is the perfect for one person.This place is awesome! You know when you walk into a place, and you're like - man, the options are overwhelming?? WELL, that's what happens when you stop by Engimono Poké and Deli. However, it's not overwhelming in the sense that its randomness turns you away, but rather gives you so many fresh options. The space is much larger than when it was previously Ryebread, before their relocation east on Fairmount Ave. Everything is fresh and you're able to see all of the amazing ingredients. If you want a toasted bagel? Got it. A panini? Sandwich? Wrap? It's all here. Cobb salad? Yep! And their poke bowls are soo good, with such a variety of choices to add to your masterpiece. So fresh. The dressings are wonderful, the toppings are endless...ugh now I'm hungry. 
I encourage everyone to check out this spot. I usually end up getting a day's worth of food here for an exceptionally reasonable price. Poké for lunch, a wrap or sammy for dinner. 
Also, the staff is incredibly friendly.Don't call me Ash Ketchum because I'm no Poke Master. 
Really, I don't get pokebowls or sushi that often. I was at the Wells Fargo across the street and saw this new restaurant as I meandered home so I figured that I'd give it a try.
For $9.99 you get you choice of two proteins, for $11.99 you get three. I went with the salmon, eel, and crab. The salmon was good, eel was toasted an thiny sliced eel with eel sauce, and the crab was just the fake sushi crab. I would not get the crab moving forward. 
You also get the choice of 5 toppings and 5 add ins. I can't remember which was which, but the avocado was +$1. I also had scallions, garlic crisps, seaweed salad, lettuce, mango, pineapple, and edamame on top of brown rice. 
I wasn't sure which sauce I wanted, so they suggested the spicy something or other which was sweet and spicy. They doused wayyyyyyy too much sauce on there.  I recommend getting it on the side.
All in all, it wasn't bad. I'd just get the sauce on the side next time and avoid the fake sushi crab meat.Was in the mood for sushi - and have ordered Engimono's sushi before which was good - so I decided to have a poké bowl for the first time! Had a 3 protein make your owl bowl with salmon, tuna, and shrimp tempura. Added mango, pineapple, cucumber, edamame, scallions, ginger sauce and spicy mayo. OMG was this frickin good!Bomb ass poke spot! Been going there everyday since it's opened. Great for my diet. Here's a tip, park at the cvs across the st to pick up the food!I got the mix 2 which was tuna and salmon. Portion for protein isn't much. The bowl wasn't filling at all which was a let down after reading the reviews. Honey wasabi was tasty atleast. 
Might try againRecently  with this hot weather I opted for a fresh lunch. While looking for sushi i found this poke deli.  Since I'm new to poke I stuck to stuff ik. I got me the tuna and salmon poke with added ingredients like avocado and pineapple.  It was great and fast. I noticed that they have outdoor sitting in their patio which is nice, because then next time I can just eat there on nicer cool weather. Looks like a very chill place n the employees are real nice. Will come back again and definitely  recommend trying it out.This is the best poke place in Phill! The attention is incredible, they make sugestions and even let you try some of the sauces and toppings so you can be sure you'll like your poke. I totally recomend this place! Daniel always has a smile on his face and is the best!Good solid neighborhood spot. I had a design-your-own poke bowl and it was very tasty. The salmon and tuna tasted very fresh, and they had mango, which I love, plus edamame and other things you can add. I hope they stay in the neighborhood for a long time!Pokè bowl was great! Also the bubble tea! The grilled chicken sandwich was flavorful.The food here is delicious and the service is wonderful! The guys are so nice and they are priced competitively cheap for the neighborhood. They have lots of options, but their pokè bowl was as good as I hoped it would be. I'll definitely be coming back here a lot more!Fantastic addition to Fairmount! This place (formerly known as rybread) has been "repurposed" with a modern, clean space accommodating for both indoor and outdoor seating (YES!!!). Variety choice options for poke bowl specials or "diy". I opted for the make your own with salmon and tuna, preferring the salmon quality over the tuna though both were fresh. Also tried the mango and passion fruit smoothie and was pleased. Average miso but appetizing. Friendly staff, everyone worked very hard to make sure our order was complete and on time. This place does it right! (Oh yeah, byob!!!)Outstanding! A delicious sandwich with a wonderful blend of fresh ingredients! My wife enjoyed a poké bowl that tasted as good as it looked!Yum! We got two poke bowls here and they were both great! We ordered large bowls and they were really large! You get so much protein and toppings on each bowl. It's really worth the $11-13 dollars. Super friendly service. Everything looked fresh and clean. Happy to have this place close by!Poke bowl and breakfast sandwiches are awesome here. The staff is very friendly as well. Glad this place opened in Fairmount.Breakfast all day, fresh poké bowls, and sandwiches. Doesn't have a large selection with drinks though. Seating area along the wall with bar stools, a struggle for the shorter people. But i love their poke bowl.OMG!! Everything was so fresh and tasty. The staff were nice. Clean Ang modern. Absolutely can't wait to go back.So excited about this place open! Hawaiian Pokè bowl and all day breakfast sandwich. They give u unlimited toppings for your Poké bowl a lot of variety and there sauce is delicious. I love there sandwiches too, fresh cut meat and u must try there salad the dressing is super good. Nice and clean Overall Fast Fresh Delicious GOOD!Love this spot! Good prices, fresh ingredients, kind staff, and efficiency! This is a good spot for those who want sushi and have a friend who doesn't because they have delicious sandwiches and other options. I recommend picking a bowl to create yourself because the staff can help you and you get an opportunity to mix in all your favorite ingredients.Stopped here for lunch and the sandwich I ordered was delicious. Dude made it right in front of me. I'll definitely be going back here soon. Definitely recommendThis is a very exceptional restaurant, with a nice outdoor space and a cool indoor space as well. They also have a really good bubble tea. If you want some Asian food and you want something easy and simple, Engimono is the place to go. It is also kid friendly, which is a bonus. If you are going there, I would recommend the poke bowl. Out of all of the poke bowls I have had, they did not beat Engimonos.This place rocks, love the vegetarian (tofu) option!! Plus you get to add lots of toppings free of charge.Yes!!!yes!!yes!!  Everything was fresh and delicious. This place is better than the place I went in Chinatown. Paying 2$ more, definitely worth it. Place is clean and wasn't crowded. Good that if you make ur own bowl, they just give u piece of paper and you just circle what you want. Some options limited but it's okay. Everything was mixed separately from rice. Definitely go to this place.The best poke bowl in the city, period. Sandwiches are mad decent, too. Plus nice people and never too crowded (at least until the secret gets out), and they let you BYOB. If you're not getting poke bowls here, you're goofing up.This place deserves five stars for the following reasons:
-incredibly kind staff, plenty of seating
-amazing Pokè bowls. all ingredients were fresh (including seafood) and well-proportioned
-many choices of toppings, with the smaller $8.99 bowl you get two fish choices, and over ten other toppings of your choice.
I left so full without a terrible dent in my wallet. Will absolutely be back.Stopped in on walk from Philly Art Museum to Eastern Penitentiary with my family. Absolutely delicious food and wonderful service. Everyone left full & happy.Oddly enough, Engimono Pokè has become my local bagel spot in Fairmount. I can get an everything bagel egg sandwich quickly. I've only had their poke bowls on occasion (I more regularly order from their sushi spot.)
Today's mishap actually warrants a positive review. My poke bowl looked a little bare of ingredients- the eel was noticeably missing. After a long day, and with an otherwise tasty dish in front of me, I decided to eat and deal later. 
Before I could even finish, the delivery person was back with a little dish containing the eel and missing veggies. Kudos for fixing this before I could even say anything. The situation was well handled and I admire that.
I had just been saying to my husband that this was a tasty addition to our delivery repertoire. He had enjoyed a filling chicken Thai salad for under $10.
Everything has always been fresh, and the service has been friendly in person. Great neighborhood spot that I'm happy to support.Best breakfast sandwiches in the area! Always hot when we order pick up. Iced coffee is amazing. I'd go here over rybread any day.One of the best takeout lunch spots in Fairmount! I've tried both their sandwiches and their poke bowls and both are excellent and priced reasonably. The inside is also extremely clean and lovely if you want to dine in. The staff has always been friendly and speedy. Nothing but great things to say!about the cleanest place in town, like hospital clean, and top notch food a d they use boars head meats. nice couple running the place. treated me like a king.This is one of my favorite lunch spots in the fairmount area. Price wise it is very acceptable, and they can make a very speedy lunch so you can be in and out quickly. There usually isn't much of a line, so it's great for a quick bite to eat.The poke bowl here was very fresh, and tasted awesome!! I did a "create your own" with shrimp tempura, crab, and salmon as my proteins and I added avocado so it ended up being $13. The place is still very new so they are working out some kinks with getting things out quickly, but overall I would be back (I might just get the cheaper $10 version next time). Hopefully they will work out the service kinks over time.Best poke bowl I have had since moving to Philly.  Highly recommend the diy bowl.  Always add avocado :) super fresh ingredients and u love that they air fry their shrimp tempura-great way to save calories and fat! .What a weird combo (deli & poke) - but the bowl was delicious!! Will definitely go back.
Very reasonably priced - about $10 for a two-protein very filling and fresh bowl! It's build your own. You get to choose either 2 or 3 proteins for your base of white rice, brown rice, or salad (I went for salmon and eel). Then you get to choose up to 5 mix ins (like mango, pineapple, lettuce, cucumbers, carrots etc). Pick a sauce (I went for sweet chili). Finally, choose up to 5 toppings (like seaweed salad, ginger, edamame, jalepenos, etc). 
All super fresh! Staff very friendly!Super nice food! Fresh and tasty! The price is reasonable, too. One of my favorite place recently! I like their fresh salmon a lot. Perfect for eating healthy food after workouts ~ haha. A lot of choices to DIY and mix for your own dish, so fun every time.Tried to go in here with my pregnant cousin so she could use the restroom and the woman was a huge B. Not a good way to get business. Just saying.Came back here for the poke and just found out that they have promotion on coffee and finally Tried their latte for this gloomy weather today! What a really good deal and nice taste too!Great breakfast place. You can even add tuna, crab meat, eggs, and they have great bubble tea too.The poke bowls here are fantastic! Everything is so fresh! And it's the only poke bowl I've ever had that tastes just as good on lettuce as it does on rice. I just order my sauces on the side since they use more than I like, but that could also be because I'm having it on lettuce, which doesn't absorb sauces.
I can't wait for the weather to warm up to try the outdoor seating in the back. It's really quaint and quiet back there.Engimono is a small clean sparse space close to the art museum- perfect for refueling with some healthy omega-3s and vitamins before immersing once again in art.
We placed our order at the counter: a custom bowl with chicken, tuna, half lettuce/half white rice, edamame, carrots, and assorted other toppings ($10) and an Engimono bowl ($13). You can choose up to 5 toppings and 5 mix ins for the custom bowl, which is a pretty good deal. Pro tip: you can ask for half brown rice, half white rice or half lettuce, half rice!
5-10 mins later our food was served in plastic bowls. They gave us water for free--in a styrofoam soup cup, mind you, but you get what you pay for :)
The portions were ample for the price. Tuna and salmon were very fresh and tender, but don't order chicken- it was cold and a little wet.
Also, you NEED sauces on it. I would recommend the House sauce or The honey wasabi sauce, which packs a substantial punch. Overall, eating poke feels clean and healthy, and it was pretty tasty as well!Ordered 2 poke bowls for take-out and they were really good. I ordered mine with 3 proteins (but it only came with 2) which was disappointing. I was going to let it slide, but decided to call the restaurant and make them aware. They were incredibly apologetic and refunded me the difference immediately between the bowl I ordered and the bowl I received. The staff were very friendly, the food was fresh and delicious, and the customer service was excellent. Thank you!Everything I have ever gotten here is delicious! The staff is always friendly and I'm super impressed by how clean they keep the space!Food aesthetics were only okay, as delivery poké is never the best idea, but the taste of the bowl also wasn't the freshest. The miso soup was a small portion and not even half filled in a tiny bowl, and the broth wasn't very flavorful. The poké bowl itself was full of ingredients, but I could easily count the pieces of fish in the bowl, which made it more of a bowl of vegetables garnished with salmon and tuna. The smoothie tasted like it was made with real fruit, but it was very watery. They overloaded the bowl with honey wasabi and it soaked through the rice, which was refreshing for my nose, but almost a little too much if I'm being honest.My first time eating poke and this place is sure is the best poke they had. And for sure I will go back here and bring some of friends to come.Great food, fish quality is great. 
Service is always good, staff is friendly, and delivery was fast.New place at Fairmount ave. Delicious and good service too. They serve poke with fresh fish and great sandwich, one of the best panini that I ever had!Ordered a make-my-own poke bowl from here off of Postmates and oh my gosh, it was DELICIOUS. Fresh, generous portions of fish and veggies and avocado and seaweed salad...  well-mixed with the sauce. Definitely ordering again. Also got their miso soup, which was some of the best I've had.This food was sooooo delicious!! I loved every single bite of it. I did ask for extra spicy Mayo and it didn't seem like they put it was so good anyway. I just had to mix up my food, the avocado was such a nice add !! Worth the $1. I would def recommend this to anyone to try! Meats were fresh, I got shrimp tempura & tuna.I did try their other location for sushi, it was just okay, but I really enjoyed the poke here! I hadn't had good poke since I was in Hawaii, but I thought this place definitely made a mean bowl. It's definitely a little more fusion-y, the bowls have a lot of topping options which were delicious. The fish was fresh and the presentation was pretty (heart eyes emoji)This place is not to be confused with it's sister restaurant down the street.  This location is strictly poke & deli.  I've become a bit of a poke bowl snob since so many places have started popping up around Philly and I have to admit this might be in my top 5 list.  They did something different with the veggies by mixing them together in a bowl first and then putting it on top of my rice.  I think I like that because I didn't have to mix up my bowl too much on my own.  The teriyaki sauce was super yummy, I only wish they added it on top of my veggies and less on top of my fish. The price is more reasonable compared to the prices for the places in the city.  I will definitely be back when I'm craving a poke bowl and it's just up the street from my house so double win.It's a good place for something quick. It's just not my kind of food choices or go to place. When I was here, I had a craving for a tofu poke bowl that I had from Poi Dog. Second time here, I don't remember much about it. Like I said if you just want something quick for breakfast, a sandwich for lunch or what not. It's a good spot. Definitely don't order any bubble tea here. Go to Chinatown.Divine deli sandwiches AND bagel sandwiches!!! Sandwiches are always perfect made and the ingredients are fresh and delicious! The Cali sandwich is so classic and so delicious. I want to know where they get their bagels! They are so soft and almost pillow like lol. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND! My go to for lunch a few times a week!Best poké bowls ever!! Tuna and salmon w/5 mix-ins and 5 toppings, add avocado and with spicy mayo sauce. Delic! Made so quick. Best service and nicest owners! Thank you!!Enigomono provided a great and fresh place to eat near the Eastern State Penitentiary. The menu had many nutritious and healthy options perfect for providing energy for touring around the city. However, I would say the less the better. Definitely order what you enjoy but for those exploring, too many options might ruin your meal. The price is reasonable for your personal selection in your bowl.Great poke bowls!  Fresh, intense flavors.  The manager was super friendly and was working hard to keep the line moving.  Welcome addition to the neighborhood.  We will go back for sure.The freshest, most delicious poke I've ever had! The tuna was so tender, the pineapple and mango perfectly sweet in the middle of winter, and the ginger not too strong! Lots of toppings, not too much rice! They have a great tea selection too. 
The owners were very nice and told us that they will soon be opening a backyard area that will be open to the sky. We took a peek and it looks like it will be awesome during the warmer months!
This is definitely one of my favorite places in Fairmount now.Best poke bowl I've ever had honestly! Ingredients were very fresh, fish did not carry a smell what so ever. I had the raw salmon & tuna and they were both very delicious. Also ordered a miso soup and enjoy it very much. Very nice customer service too. Definitely coming back!Was very excited to try this place out since I love a good poke bowl and this is super close to home. 
Unfortunately, the poke bowl fell short of my expectations. 
On the plus side, the restaurant is clean and new, and the bowl itself looked great. 
As far as taste goes - eh. The rice was good, but was so hot when it was put in the bowl that it started to cook the raw tuna and salmon. Price wise, it's $8.99 for two proteins and $10.99 for three. I did the two, and it wasn't a lot of protein. I also asked for mango, massage, corn, and cucumber inside, and only got corn and cucumber. There were a few stray bits of masago but an indiscernible amount. I asked for ponzu sauce as well and there wasn't nearly enough. So the whole thing ended up tasting super bland and I had to add my own sauce. 
Hoping this is just because the place is new. Not really sure why my order was screwed up since I was one of two people in the restaurant, but I'd be willing to possibly give it another try later.I've become slightly poke' bowl obsessed, and this was the best I've had yet!! YUM! I've honestly been craving it ever since my last visit!!! 
Many pre-designed bowls and other nosh including deli sammies, breakfast (which is served all day), paninis, salads, bubble tea, fresh fruit smoothies with more exotic flavors such as taro and lychee, and about a half a dozen flavored green teas too! 
I preferred to create my own poke bowl. Papers to do so are located right at the counter...
Many fish and seafood options including crab, tuna, boiled seasoned shrimp, eel, octopus and salmon. I couldn't help but notice the HUGE impressive tempura shrimp pieces while watching them construct my bowl too. Vegan/ vegetarian protein option is tofu skin! 
Seaweed salad, mixed greens, ponzu sauce, garlic crisps, scallions, edamame, carrots, cucumber, mango, pineapple and avocado for $1 up-charge is what I chose to add to my veg bowl. It was delicious! So many yummy options! You can easily create a new combo every visit! 
*Love the option to keep it healthy and nix the rice and go for romaine instead. 
I love that they actually take the time to mix the add-ins here to ensure you get some of each kind with every bite, and then place the toppings ever so carefully. Some bowls I've had elsewhere aren't mixed and it's virtually impossible to mix yourself because of the size of the bowl. Love the balance of ingredients and perfect dressed bites I get here! Much appreciated, guys! 
The place is small, clean and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable of the ingredients, which are all super fresh! 
Bowls were packed, beautifully topped with an orchid, and reasonably priced for the quality and size.
It's BYOB and has outdoor seating! Yesssss! 
The Fairmount section definitely needed another fast(er) food option. This is a really great one! 
You can order online for a quick takeout and they deliver too! 
Cannot wait till my next visit to the area!! So excited about this new addition to the neighborhood!Lots of options! Not just poke bowls. They also have sandwiches, paninis, salads, appetizers, etc. They're only doing take outs right now, no dine in. Safety measures are taken! Kudos to them. The poke's fresh and good. I always order custom bowl, depending on my mood. If there's no parking, just park in CVS parking lot across the street since you're just picking up your food! Friendly & fast service. A bit pricey but I'm okay with it because it's good lol.Tonight I ordered through the app.  The app gives you a lot of choices, but if you want every add-in they have there is not enough places for it.  That being said, there were just enough allowed choices for everything I wanted except for the sauce (the online order only allows you to select one).  I typically like spicy mayo and ponzu, but luckily I had ponzu at home. 
Overall the poke was delicious. There was a good amount of every ingredient I asked for and they did not skimp on the proteins.My new favorite place to get takeout from in the fairmount area. I'm not a raw fish kind of person so I always get the shrimp poke bowls and they are always amazing. Everything is usually very fresh. However I did add pineapple to my poke bowl once and the pineapple was mehh. Pineapple seemed like it might have been out of a can. So beware of the fruit if it's not in season but everything else is amazing.