Stick to the coffee.  I live in the area and have tried the food at this joint a few times, but I think I have reached my limit.  I had such hopes for the place.  The owners are very nice people, but I just don't think that all the foodstuffs are fresh.  Just about everything I have tried, have been below average and the service is certainly snail like.  
It really is too bad, we really need some healthy and fresh non fried options in the 'hood.  This isn't it for me.Good home-style fresh food, friendly service and reasonable prices: check out the real Italian cannoli.The food was really good.  The place is super cute.  Our waitress was very sweet and overall, we really enjoyed this place.  It was pretty hot and stuffy in the room, and they do close at 3pm, which is early if you are not expecting it.  Also, it seemed to be one of those half-serve places where you have a waitress, but you take your ticket up to pay elsewhere.  
And lastly, you cannot tip with a card.   You can pay with a  card but you can't tip with the card.  And the explanation has to do with banking services, i guess.  No one really cares about some technical explanation though.  It's inconvenient regardless.  I feel bad for the wait staff, because if you don't have cash, you are unlikely to go a block up, pay a $3.75 ATM charge (which may be approximately what the tip would be for a small lunch order), and come back just to give a small tip on an $11 lunch.  
Fix this and i'd say 5 stars.Across the street my friends apartment. The coffee is great along with the service. I would recommend it to anyone in the area.Nice place and friendly staff. Great (and well appointed) anchor for the neighborhood. I do try to go from time to time to support these folks that really do care about East Falls.
That said, this is NOT the Main line,  yet the prices at Epicure are more reminiscent of that area.
Additionally, the take out service is rather slow. 20+ minutes for a basic sandwich?
Finally, nothing in the baker's case is priced, so be surprised at the pricing on the baked goods.
With a little tweaking and re-assessment of pricing this could be a great spot- just seems like it needs a bit of speed and efficiency.They have the bagel proofs delivered from New York and they bake them fresh each day. The jalapeño bagels are fantastic and their homemade veggie cream cheese always has big pieces of broccoli and other veggies in it. The Gobbler is one of the best turkey burgers that I've had (don't be afraid of the cranberry horseradish) and their veggie wrap is always full of in-season roasted veggies. It's really a gem of a place and I'm happy it's right down the street!I seriously LOVE this place... Veggie chilli is amazing, the only downside is that the chef refuses to tell me what he puts in it! I could eat it every day of my life. All their food is great, but thats my favorite. Service is excellent as well.I stopped in here on a whim during a lunch break. It's a small cafe where you can get freshly made sandwiches and paninis, coffee, and baked goods. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. They made conversation and seemed to really appreciate their customers' business, which is always nice. I ordered the chicken panini which came with a delicious sauce. The chicken was too thick, in my opinion. The flavor was great though. My panini was ready in about 6 or 7 minutes. The atmosphere was relaxed. There were a few people drinking coffee and using the free wifi, just like Starbucks. I will return next time I'm in the area.Meh... the people are nice, the food is okay, the service and operation usually seems unorganized and hectic, especially when they're busy. Despite that, the food is good enough where we will continue to support the local east falls operation.Terrible food. Ordered the burger and it tasted like a recycled kebab. Also ordered a sandwich and it was soggy.I am here right now and the internet speed is superb!  I just moved to the 'hood and am not online yet at the new house, so definitely handy.  Coffee is brilliant - am so relaxed, it's like I am at home.   Chill muzak playing.  
The hospitality and atmosphere are top notch & brand new.   The Falls neighborhood itself is so charming - I am glad to see an establishment that matches its potential for greatness.  I will be a regular for sure.
P.S. Am about to order a bite - additional review to come.I have eaten breakfast here twice.  Each time was a sub-par experience.  My first breakfast was a custom ordered omelet, with spinach and feta.  It was overdone, and the feta not distributed evenly inside the eggs.  The potatoes were also a bit overdone, for my taste, though not too bad.  I had a decaf americano with my omelet -- I know that's somewhat unusual, but I find when I want decaf it's best to order an espresso drink so the coffee is fresh.  In this case, the americano tasted pretty poorly.
I ordered the French toast for my second visit.  Too eggy and not very tasty.  It was kind of like they didn't really know how to make French toast.  Weird. 
This is a cute place, and I really wanted it to be good.  It just wasn't.We've been having some solid luck finding breakfast spots lately, and this is yet another winner.  I'd like to give them four stars for great service and an excellent sausage, egg, and cheese scramble, but my latte was too burnt to finish, let alone enjoy.  The boyfriend said his chai was good, so perhaps next time I'll just steer clear of the coffee.  Didn't get a chance to try out their pastries or bagels, but the selection is impressive for a small cafe and I'll probably come back for them.  Mmm carbs!Great little neighborhood spot for coffee and a Saturday breakfast. Portions are on the small side, and service can be spotty, so don't go with the expectation of a quick meal.
They accept credit cards, but you can't add a tip to the credit card. This is a bit sad since I rarely carry cash and didn't know that leaving a tip on the card was a no-no at this place until I checked out.Not a fan.   Food is consistently underwelming.  Baked goods are sometimes left there too long.  Got mold in the Tiramisu once.This is such a cute little cafe, and I had a pretty quiet and pleasant experience. 
We had great service, delicious and well portioned breakfast sandwiches, and bottomless hot coffee!Just had breakfast at epicure cafe.  I had a bacon egg and cheese sandwich on an everything bagel and my girlfriend had an omelette and home fries.  Every thing was excellent I esspecially liked the everything bagel.  The space brand new and very nice with a curb side outdoor seating area.  It was a little rainy today so we couldn't sit out there but definately next time.A very nice little cafe here in East Falls! We came in to grab some lunch and ended up getting dinner to go instead. I got the 4 shrimp-stuffed crabcakes, and my girlfriend got the shrimp scampi. The shrimp was really great, basically a smaller sized crab cake wrapped around a jumbo shrimp and it comes with a good portion of pasta with marinara. The scampi was pretty good too, and had a lot of shrimp in it, but the sauce had a little too much garlic chunks and black pepper for my taste, it was very spicy. The space seems brand-new, enough seating for a couple dozen or so people inside and looks like they might set up a few tables outside. The owners were VERY nice to us while we were there, explaining the different dishes and when they learned we were taking it home to eat right away even offered to heat it up for us.They can't do anything right.  Except coffee.  Both the service and the food are dreadful.  
I moved to the area and hoped that this could be a regular hang-out -  someplace close by that I could take a friend out to for breakfast.  I thought the food was lacking, uninspired, discordant, and bland.  Lukewarm at best.  A little disturbing.  Another time, they screwed up a breakfast sandwich!  How is that even possible?  Please do not give them the benefit of the doubt.  They stop serving breakfast before noon?  It also took them over 25 minutes to slap together a lunch sandwich for me.
There is one waitress with a very vacant face - she doesn't have an inside voice, talks too fast, and stood in front of me and fidgeted, I think in an effort to make me hurry up and order.  Rude.  She was very little help when I asked about the bread - her answer was: "a roll."  That's all.  Because at Epicure, you get a roll.  She's a mess.  But it seems like she's always working.  My sandwich came in this very strange plastic sheath.
When you ask this girl a question, she has to call back and ask someone else, who says that someone else is working on it, or that they don't know and they have to find out.  There's clearly no communication and no one knows what's going on, ever.  No one knows that the deli meat is old and dry.  No one knows that their pastries are too old to be sold.  No one knows that they're being impolite or that they're not being very considerate.  Not everyone can operate the cash register.  Not everyone can enter numbers into the credit machine unless the person that wrote the tag is around to help.  No one knows if the guava and cheese turnovers have guava or cheese or guava and cheese in them.  No one knows which ones were the old ones and which ones were the fresher batch.
Just get in your car and drive a bit further, unless you're on a community service kick.I was in desperate need of a decent cup of coffee in East Falls when this place came along.  Now I only go here.  Good coffee, good price.  For whatever reason, I was surprised by the high quality of the food - they have killer turkey sausage, maybe one of the best.  Haven't tried any of the baked goods though I've drooled at them from afar because they look awesome.  People are really nice - ya know, "mom and pop."  No complaints.  Just very happy it's here!So happy to see these guys finally opened. I stopped in today to check them out and pick up a sandwich for lunch. I got the chicken salad and it was delicious! they put dill in there chicken salad which was a nice bonus the price was super reasonable. The new space is very pretty hardwood floors great paint job. I cant wait to go back and try one of the delicious looking brownies the had in there bakery display case.We had the veggie burger and meatball sandwiches- excellent! The patty and meatballs are made on-site. Great service too.I wish I had something better to say about this place, but unfortunately I've got nothing. We had breakfast there on a Sunday, which I don't find unusual. The waitress pretty much abandoned us for the entire meal, when she did come back we asked for more drinks - only to have her bring out a few waters but neglect everyone's coffees. When we asked if she'd also bring out coffee (which I feel is pretty standard for breakfast) 
she acted as if we were bothering her. Overall, the service was pretty poor.
The breakfast was alright, nothing spectacular. I've had better pancakes, and the sides of home fries left a little to be desired. I've heard good things about their lunch menu, but I'm reluctant to go after that breakfast experience.
Between the atmosphere and location I had high hopes for this place, but unfortunately it didn't pan out the way I would have liked.Great space and food....bakery items are great as well as the take home menu items.  Def. a must try if you live in the area like me!Friendly neighborhood place with good bagels.  Don't order the omelette -dry, rubbery, tasteless.  Service took forever and coffee was too weak for my taste.Very slow service. I got the The Sunset, which is basically a grilled cheese, and fries. French fries tasted like dirty oil and the roll for the grilled cheese was stale. It is a cute place but they need to work on the quality of food and the service.What a terrific find! Was searching for a cafe online, and found this gem. Went just for coffee, but immediately decided to have lunch. Clearly lots of care and attention given to food. Excellent home-made veggie burger, even though local deli meat is focus of menu. Sweet potato fries were cooked perfectly. Quiet, comfortable space to work in the late morning/early afternoon. Server was delightful. I'll be back!A couple friends and I were looking for a nearby place to eat after some light hiking on the Wissahickon Trail and this is what Yelp suggested so we thought we'd give it a try. This was my first dining experience in East Falls and it could have been a lot better. The cafe itself is really nice and they had two other customers. Our waitress was very friendly but we waited almost 45 minutes for 3 sandwiches to come out. I know that sometimes the kitchen can be slow when there aren't as many people to serve, but 45 minutes to throw together a sandwich? Each sandwich was an average of $7-$8 but it was worth a lot less. My friend got a salmon burger and he said that it tasted really dry; the salmon had a consistency that you get after microwaving it. His coffee was also really watered down. I hope that East Falls can offer better than this, but I won't be back here.I would love to give Epicure 4 or 5 stars but I can't. 
The environment is wonderful! For example most coffee shops have a candle lit feel inside, yet Epicure feels bright, clean and open! The bathroom was sparkling too!  But at the end of the day this doesn't make up for a stressed staff, slow service, and medicore sandwiches. I didn't feel like much love or thought, was put in to my Turkey sandwich, at least. The bun was too big and boring, the cranberry sauce wasn't strong enough. I could barely taste it. 
Now, the breakfast is phenomenal! You get a big helping of eggs in your sandwich, and regular breakfasts have a simple and clean presentation, a la orange. So my suggestion is go for breakfast, and take a good friend to talk to! It's a great place to go on a Saturday morning!
*Epicure needs to take orders on the way in like most coffee/sandwich shops because it's too busy to do it any other way, and they could increase their business, and make everyones lives easier, if they did.We like Epicure. We generally go for Father's Day, Mother's Day, or some other cute special occasion.  They typically have a "special" menu on those days. The staff is very friendly. The portions are nice, the food arrives hot, and the food is pretty good. I have even stopped by for lunch on occasion and the sandwhiches are decent as well. I can honestly say we have never had a undesirable experience here. If you get a coffee drink be sure to taste it before you put any type of sugar in it. They put sweet syrups which will give your drink the right amount of sweetness. Anything more would be overkill.Awesome salads. Fresh, good portions and never over dressed. The bowman turkey sandwich with cranberry horseradish is great sandwich. Place is clean, friendly and service is good. Great lunch spot!This is my neighborhood, East Falls. It is so convenient to have a coffee shop a few blocks from home. Then you know the owners and the clients and you can talk, talk, talk or sit at a small table and work on your computer or read or watch the t.v. The coffee is good. Arlene is an expert at baking. So if you have a sweet tooth, this is the place. I usually have coffee and a toasted, gutted bagel. They have good chili both vegetarian and meat. Their chicken salad is delicious. You can get lox also. But I like the chicken burger with cheddar cheese and caramelized onions. Don't forget to ask for the rolls to be toasted.
Thanks Tom and Arlene. This is a boost to the neighborhood. Note: open 7 days a week. Check the hours.The food was good, but the service was less than expected. The staff was friendly enough but the server (who was new) forgot to ask pertinent questions about the order and then came back to the table 3-4 more times to clarify the order. The wait for the food was a bit long as well. We were never offered syrup for the pancakes that were ordered. I was offered more coffee, but when it returned I got no more creamer and the cup was returned to me with the empty creamers on the side. Also, The credit card system does not leave space to leave a tip and we had no cash on hand.So I'm all about exploring eateries and drinkeries in East Falls since I work there, and this area has lots of delightfully low-key gems. This, for the most part, is one of them. It's a charming space with an ever-friendly staff. 
The chili is delicious, both the veggie and non-veggie varieties. There are plenty of sandwiches and burgers from which to choose, and they pair well with the soups du jour and chili. 
I'll give you one standout and one meh-no:
-the veggie burger (blanking on its name) is scrumptious! Made with a loving, firm hand it is packed with flavors that'll deliver you to a messy place of nom-nom bliss. Be sure to add a side of perfectly crisp sweet potato fries.
-the potato leek soup. Maybe I caught it on a bad day, but it was potato-less and brothier than that cabbage soup poor Charlie Bucket's mother served up in Willy Wonka. In other words, 'twas listless. And a listless soup on a winter's day makes for a one-star-short kind of review.
Still, we're not without redemption here. A delectable sweet array of dessert takeaways and full-bodied, fresh coffee will set you off right. 
Lastly, have some cash on hand. They accept cards with a $10 minimum purchase, but you can't leave a tip on the card ... and you should leave a tip cause the service is steady and sincere.Place is good, but I'm gonna knock it down a peg for a rather mediocre breakfast.  I was talking to someone and they told me that the owner of this establishment is a butcher by trade and to go for the items like sausage, the salmon burger, etc., stuff that I butcher would come up with.  That aspect is very true, I probably go here once every two weeks for their salmon burger-it is very good.This cafe was very disappointing. There was one server and our meal took forever to come despite the fact that there were at least 4 other people working there. We both ordered the burger which was supposed to have muenster cheese on it. There was none and when we pointed it out the server seemed really surprised. We decided to forget about the cheese. We were not asked how we wanted the burger cooked. They both came well done. I ordered soup which came after everything else. My friend requested that her coffee be served with the meal. The server just did not get it. Once everything came we were never looked at again. The menus were on regular photocopy paper and it is well past time for them to be replaced with clean ones. Also, I ordered potato salad. It had pieces of ham in it. There was no description on the menu about the ham. There should be full disclosure. We will not be going back.A nice, casual neighborhood spot. I especially like their breakfast, and the selections in the bakery case. I only wish they had longer hours so I could go more often.Came here on a Saturday morning for breakfast with my girlfriend. The first thing that stands out is that the prices are very reasonable (e.g. $3.75 for French toast). We shared the challah French toast, pancakes, eggs, bacon, home fries, an everything bagel with cream cheese, and two cups of coffee. The total came to only $17.50! The highlight was probably the pancakes. I don't even like pancakes, but these had the perfect texture: fluffy and moist but not soggy. Cute spot with a great community vibe and a lot of regulars. The interior is bright and welcoming. I would highly recommend it to anyone within walking distance.Nice cozy atmosphere, tucked away in East Falls. My wife and I frequent this cozy place, maybe 2 or 3 times a week. The service is Great !!! Only 4 stars because only alternative meat choice is turkey sausage for breakfast. Wish we could get some turkey bacon, scrapple etc., however, still highly recommend this hidden gem.Our new neighborhood go-to breakfast place... because there isn't another diner close by! Rita, the usual server, is charming and wonderful but the food is... mediocre at best, both the omelets and pancakes need some major work! 
Coffee is decent, however, and there is a large selection of teas as well, and the pastries are fine. My husband and I usually end up here when we can't decide on a place and don't want to drive far.I had no cash, so I asked when I came in if I could just get a coffee and pay with debit card and was told 'yes' . 
Coffee was good by the way, but when I went to pay I was told there was a $10 min for using a card or a .75 surcharge.  Next time I want an expensive coffee I'll find a Starbucks!I am not very impressed to say the least.  I was there this Sunday afternoon.  It was busy but not unusually so. Very slow service. I ordered a Cobb Salad and it took them over 45 minutes to get it to me.  The waitress was not particularly friendly.  The salad was poor.  It was supposed to have among other things avocado, blue cheese and bacon. None of which was in evidence.  The lettuce was not fresh. In fact some of it was brown.  Will not go again even though I live in the neighborhood.AMAZING BREAKFAST SANDWICHES!!! I had a bacon egg and cheese on an asiago bagel and it blew me away. The bacon was really good although it wasn't as crunchy as I would have hoped. And a gracious amount of scrambled egg as well. I definitely plan on going back to try some of their other items on the menu. Also service was great. It took about 10 minutes to get my sandwich probably cuz there was like two people working there at the time. Overall great find.Underwhelming and a true waste of potential is probably the best description. Over the last 3 years I have sampled across the menu in a futile attempt to find something worth ordering a second time. (10+ visits)
But this mornings experience is the catalyst for my review. Service was traditionally slow and rather than wait for an americano, I went for the self serve coffee. After walking home and tasting the brew, THE COFFEE WAS NOT LA COLOMBE. It was weak, watery and had a slightly artificial mouth feel associated with super market brands. If it was La Colombe (unlikely), it was not brewed to makers instructions. As Epicure advertises it serves La Colombe, I have also notified La Colombe on the issue. I take my coffee seriously and am a very loyal La Colombe drinker.
On the rest of the menu - none of the baked goods taste fresh. Bagels are comparable to Thomas'/Lenders. The oven roasted turkey was dry. The breakfast sandwich egg ratio is WAY off (unbelievably, too much egg!!). There's something funky going on with the salads that I do not wish to speculate on.
+1 star because the owners are genuinely nice folks and there's so much potential with a few quality adjustments. I've politely and discreetly provided feedback in the past because I want all the businesses on the Conrad corridor to do well and it has not worked. Losing Brothers (now Laxmis) has really hurt in terms of quick breakfast/lunch. But I do welcome an Indian restaurant in the neighborhood and the food is tasty!I end up eating here about three times a year - and every time I leave disappointed. I REALLY want this place to be good. My latest let down started off  promising but quickly took a dive. Day of the Manayunk Bike Race and I'm ready to grab a bite before spending a day basking in the Philadelphia sunshine. 
I get here around 12-noon so time isn't of the essence, but I'd like to get about my day in a fairly reasonable amount of time. We ask for an outdoor seat, waitress sets up a table and two chairs, and we are in business on this 75 degree day. 
The trouble all started when we sat down. Those metal chairs are uncomfortable. Definitely time to consider an upgrade (or at least a cushion) for the outdoor furniture. The second thing got me the most. We were seated near the kitchen door on the side of the building. The cook had the side door open on this nice day which offered an eye and ear into the kitchen. I think this guy set the record for most F-Bombs dropped in one hour. I don't think he realized but the waitress did notice - and she had the decency to apologize on his behalf . A classy, old school move that earned this review its second star. 
Other than that, the food took about 40 minutes from the order pad to the cast iron table, the food was average and a bit over priced. 
I will be back - hoping it is the day that inspires me to leave a 4-5 star review. The place does have the potential to be very good.Literally awful every time I have been. Not bad for a cup of coffee or a pastry (not good either) but their actual breakfast is horrendous. I ordered my omelette there and I specifically asked the server about the meat in the omelette there were two kinds and two kinds of cheese. I requested just to have the sausage and cheddar. I get my omelette and I only has sausage and, not cheddar, american cheese. ONLY sausage and american cheese. The omelette had veggies in the title, I felt I was quite clear after specifically discussing the meat and cheese in the omelette that this wasn't what I meant. There was also a build your own omelette option that was 2 dollars cheaper than what I ordered, not really that hard. I very politely asked the waitress (the restaurant was near empty) if she had forgotten the vegetables and she YELLS at me saying, "OH NO, you said JUST sausage and cheddar!!" I calmly said that that wasn't what I meant. She stated that she was going to get my vegetables which I only got by reminding her about them. She then came over and threw a souffle cup with about a teaspoon of vegetables in it on my table. All in all just a horrible experience. She seems like a hot mess every time I go in and is the only person that is ever working.Epicure is a great place to get a really good sandwich. The owners are super nice and the atmosphere is very relaxed. You can bring your laptop and work while you munch away. You won't be in and out quickly but you won't be disappointed!I popped in for a coffee the other day and can vouch for the quality of their americano.
I grabbed a menu to check out and will definitely give them a try for breakfast or lunch some time soon. the space seems a little awkward inside however, still channeling a bit of its former incarnation as a corner store deli.I've gone here a grand total of 3 times. Each time there has been something wrong with the service. I wanted desperately to like this cute little cafe, especially because it's within 2 blocks of my house. Here's what I had problems with:
1. First time I went the waitress was very slow to come take my girlfriend's order and to get it to us. I wrote this off because I met my girlfriend there separately. It also took 30 minutes to get a bagel with cream cheese and lox. How long does it take to toast a bagel and spread some cream cheese on it? It wasn't even that crowded.
2. The waitress was very slow to refill my coffee, I sat with an empty cup for about 10 minutes before I finally walked up and asked for a refill. It was fairly crowded, but it would help to make a circuit around the room once in a while and look for coffees to refill.
3. My girlfriend and I went back for the third time (we WANT to like the place). We both got bagels with cream cheese and coffees. This time it took 40 minutes to get our bagels, I only received 1 coffee refill the whole time, and while we were waiting for bagels the waitress ignored us. There were maybe 6 or 7 other couples in there, so busyness was no excuse this time.
All of that being said the food was good, the coffee was good. But the service is just so bad that I have little desire to go back. If the owners would work on getting the wait staff to spend less time standing around talking and more time serving customers, I'd be happy to go back.Came in and ordered. Waited for service and no service. Went to counter and asked for water. Got water. Order came with no side toast. Asked for side toast and got dried up butt ends of the bread. The home fries were not even a whole serving..very small. Terrible service. Had to pay asap and walk out. Unacceptable service.Chai latte was good, but as for bagels, there were only 7 left to choose from and it was only 9:30am. I got veggie cream cheese for the bagel I selected, but I believe it had gone bad--tasted rancid; had to throw out the entire bagel and eat breakfast at home.Cute, friendly coffee shop that serves some good coffee. However the service is dreadfully slow. Omelettes here are mediocre (most of the food is mediocre actually). Doesn't have fresh-squeezed juices.
Lots of potential here and is good if you're looking for something close by, but pales in comparison to other coffee shops / cafes/ brunch spots in the area.This place has a cool environment, and is OK for a cup of coffee, but that is about it.  Food is brutal and definitely don't think about getting a cappuccino or latte.I'm so excited that i just discovered this place! Friendly staff, yummy food and a great atmosphere! A great place to have a date, a business meeting or a solo coffee/reading/writing/working day. It has super cute decor and a great breakfast and lunch menu! I haven't tried the pastries but they look tasty! Super close walk from the train stop too!A very nice neighborhood place for breakfast or lunch. The place is small but cozy and offers free wi-fi. They have a small menu of breakfast or lunch basics, lots of pastry options, and a nice selection of coffee drinks. The service is friendly and the prices are reasonable. The main reason that I'm giving it 3 stars is because the food was average and the menu selection is kind of small. With some many other Philly neighborhood places joints like this doing so much more it makes this place feel not as great.In an earlier review I wrote about the lack of good breakfast spots in Roxborough.  I only needed to drive a few blocks east, to East Falls, to find a very good spot for a delicious breakfast - the Epicure Cafe on Conrad Street.  A bit hard to find, even harder to park at, this cafe is worth the effort. 
Upon entering the Epicure Cafe one notes the cozy atmosphere, small tables suited for groups of two or four (but there is one larger table for 6).  Cleanliness is obviously quite important - the place is immaculate.  The servers are casually yet neatly attired, with allowance for personality that rarely, but in this case, works.  Our server had frizzy blue hair, and another a nose ring - but both were neat, clean, friendly, polite, efficient and welcoming to all comers - families, couples, singles, old and young, hip and hipster.  There are books and magazines to pass the time, free neighborhood newspapers, and big windows for watching the world go by. The vibe could not be better!
But a cool place is never enough - the food has to stand up on it's own.  Fortunately here it does.  Omelettes are folded properly (not simply scrambled eggs with filling, but actually folded), the potatoes seasoned well and cooked all the way, the toast NOT pre-buttered (therefore not soggy), the pancakes exactly as they are meant to be, and the fritter appetizer...well...let's just say I could have eaten a few orders of those.  FANTASTIC.  Coffee is served in a real coffee cup and saucer, and quite fresh and of a high quality.  Attention to the empty cup is adequate - you won't be empty for too long.  Soda is served by the can however - if you prefer draft you are out of luck. 
Prices are also perfect - reasonable and fair.  Portion sizes tend to the small, so if you are looking for a huge plate of greasy hangover cure you may want to go elsewhere.  They also offer lunch, which I hope to experience soon (and will update this review when I do).  
I highly recommend the Epicure Cafe for a classy, yet affordable, breakfast!I love being able to give a restaurant a good review and usually do. But for Epicure two stars is generous. Seriously. 
Arrived at 10:40 am the day before the 4th of July. Ordered water and coffee. Watched as waitress brought water to people who came in after me. Had to ask again. Placed our order and then was told they were out of home fries. Breakfast is only served til 11 and they are out. What?? Cook couldn't make more?? (Overheard her tell next four tables that came in they were out; no one was happy). THEN had to argue about not being charged full price. 
Bad to worse. Food took 25 minutes (you couldn't make home fries in that time?!). Overeasy eggs cooked to death, scrapple was tiniest piece I've ever seen, waitress forgot toast so our food got cold as we waited. Ordered rye toast and was charged an extra $1.75! Waitress never told us rye was extra. And why? Manager told me it's special rye bread they pay $9 a loaf for. Whaaaatttt?? 
Asked for second cup of coffee (never offered) and again waited. Two sugar packets in bowl on table. 
This is not a restaurant, folks. Eat at the Epicure at your own peril. And don't say I didn't warn you...Okay, the couple that owned and ran this place WERE NOT horrible people, as Bert M. suggested. I met them and saw them at work countless times, never got the slightest impression that they were bad people. I live a block from this place, went there on a semi-regular basis (mostly to get a coffee to go when I'd run out of me own!), and know a lot of people who went there occasionally. While no one seemed gung-ho about the place, I never heard anyone suggest that the owners were terrible people. 
That being said, Epicure was simply an underwhelming coffee shop/restaurant. The ambiance and decor were very bland and forgettable. With its flat screen TV always showing CNN or FOX News, it struck me as a continental breakfast room at a Super 8 motel or senior living center. Closing at 3:00PM also seemed VERY odd, esp. for a coffee shop in the city. It just had a vibe that seemed better suited for a small, conservative town in the Midwest (where I'm from). For a neighborhood that's sort of hip/cool, it just seemed out of place. Sure, East Falls is not Fishtown, West Phila, or East Passyunk, and it didn't need to be some 'ultra-cool/artsy/hip' place with a too-cool-for-school, detached barista with a zillion tats, 1981 glasses and gym shorts, messy hair, and a vintage "Jem" t-shirt. But the atmosphere here was as diametrically opposite of that as you could get. 
The employee turnover rate was staggering and unsettling. It was one clueless, seemingly-perpetually-stoned girl after another (other than Tom and the guys in the kitchen, I never saw a guy working here). I got the impression that many of those girls were in high school. The only exception was a woman named Brianna (?) who worked there in the last few months. (She was great! Talkative and engaging and very quick with service). 
I know they had a loyal following, but I know countless people in East Falls who were similarly underwhelmed and lukewarm about Epicure. And a handful of people who seemed bitterly anti-Epicure. Wishing Tom and Arlene all the best, and hoping to see a slightly more....hip (?) place to open in East Falls!We love the Epicure Cafe. The owners have been at this location for about 30 years, and operated a deli before the cafe. Everything is made in house. The chili, veggie burgers, and sandwiches are all great. So is the coffee. It's a nice, relaxing spot to chill out, and the service is excellent. I recommend the turkey/cranberry sandwich!I originally was thrilled to find a breakfast cafe but have since gone back several times giving it a few chances and have been let down every time. The girls I have encountered that work there are all very sweet and eager to help. However there are several things that bothered me about this place. They were minor so I wrote a private message to them via yelp. I didn't expect them to say, "okay yes we'll get right on that!" But I did expect at least an answer or acknowledgement but I got neither. So here are my issues... They need to serve coffee in coffee mugs. More than one server had half the coffee in the teacup plate by the time they got to our table! They need better process for refilling coffee - an insulated coffee pot for example, one of our servers used a metal milk steamer and I watched her painfully hold onto that thing, knowing it was burning her hand off, while she poured my coffee with a smile on! I was impressed by her but sad that she had no better resource (or training) to fix such a simple thing in a cafe!! Next, a guy that i originally thought was a rude customer, stood at the counter talking loudly about his personal life on his cell phone. When he got off the phone I saw him talking with other employees and head into the kitchen. It was so rude and unprofessional. And lastly, they need someone with a tad more serving experience to lead the way, implement better ways of doing things (like the coffee pot thing) and whip that place into shape! I'm sad because it has so much potential but someone is holding it back. It could be the next green eggs or honeys if it really wanted to...east falls would literally eat that up.This place consistently disappoints. Multiple visits have left me with my order being forgotten, food coming out spoiled, and a manager that literally sits around and talks to people without helping his staff when they clearly need support. I waited 10 minutes to pay for coffee once. The convenience of it in the area was the only benefit. I am amazed that this place stayed afloat for as long as it did. Good riddance.In their defense, we did not end up eating here, but we had a pretty bad experience anyway.  We walked in around 11:20 on a Saturday morning.  I checked on their website, and they start serving lunch at 11am.  Perfect!  My mom was visiting from NJ and this was our lunch stop before heading to the art museum.  Note -  we had both eaten breakfast before 8am, so we were hungry for lunch food.   We seated ourselves and after a few minutes were given breakfast menus.  I inquired about lunch - since it was almost 11:30.  I was told that sometimes they let breakfast run late and she would check with the cook.  We waited for about five minutes and were told the cook did not want to do lunch yet.  Um, what?  I mentioned how lunch was advertised online at 11am and she dismissed me.  BTW - it is, I checked when I got home.  So we walked out and got our pre-museum lunch elsewhere.  I gave two stars because the food did look great and it had a great local cafe atmosphere.  However, the dismissive attitude of the staff was off-putting to say the least.Epicure Cafe seems to be one of the very few places to grab a quick cuppa in East Falls. Cheerful, bright place for a nice sit-down with your laptop or a friend. Decent coffee to go, though the lack of sugar syrup for iced coffee drinks was slightly frustrating.
Not so sure if I'd ever come here for food; I was really turned off by the super moldy raspberries sitting alongside the unwrapped deli meat in the not-so-clean food display cases.I always enjoy my breakfast at Epicure!
The place is very clean and the food is fresh and delicious.
I love their bagels and "la Colombe" coffee.
Every time I go, It feels like I'm at home!Not just sandwiches, a good variety of salads too and some hot dishes.  Portions large so if you don't eat a lot, plan to take home or share.  Decor is tasteful, bright; owners are wonderful. Food is fresh but tends to be on the bland side. Overall, a real asset to the neighborhood.Hubby and I popped in this morning for breakfast post-run.  We live around the corner and were pleasantly surprised--the food was good, very affordable.  The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful.  The cofffee was a bit strong, but most folks like it that way.  We will definitely be back.Rating 2.5
While I enjoyed the decor and location of this establishment the service was ridiculously slow ! 
I came here with a group of 15 ladies or so and we called days ahead of time and there were tables reserved for us when we arrived. There were not enough servers however to handle our group. 
When my food finally arrived it was barely warm and my toast was missing. I doubt i'll be back.Had a chicken burger for $7 that was the size of a whitecastle burger. It was extremely underwhelming.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but for $7 at least give something that is going to fill my stomach. The fries were extra. The fries were more satisfying than the burger, and they were soggy. Probably would only go here for a coffee and pastry. Like another review I read, I had greater expectations for this place. While the service was good, the overall eating/dining experience was under par.The food is good, but the service couldn't be slower if they tried. I really enjoyed the 4-5 sandwiches that I have had from there, but it took 20 minutes for them to make it. My friends go there weekly and we all agree that the product(s) are good, but the staff moves in slow motion when a quick take out lunch is needed.Clean, nice space, bright.
We live really near here and it is nice enough, but nothing to write home about.
The last time we went they were out of a lot of things on their menu, the service was slow, and they had the TV on very loud which not only made it hard to have a conversation, but also made it feel like the breakfast room in a hotel. 
The food we did finally get was decent and not too pricey. The portions were large. 
Overall it was alright, and I like having it so close by.I had one of the worst lunch experiences here. I'm glad they closed. Terrible food, terrible service.So sad, the only coffee/breakfast walking distance literally sucks. We've tried it multiple times just thinking it was a one time thing, but the last 3 times has been a disaster. Bad coffee, rock solid bagels and homefries that weren't seasoned. Bad all around. Take your money else where.I remember when this place was the Conrad Market, a dingy corner store and deli with a very limited and sometimes questionable produce selection. I remember stopping in search of a onion or tomato for some cooking and finding only one or two random worse-for-wear veggies in a cardboard box in the drink cooler. It was a good place to buy a bag of chips and some cat food. 
The corner store business model is long gone and The Epicure Cafe is a vast improvement. I am really glad the owner has put so much effort into completely  transforming the space, you wouldn't even recognize it. They now have plenty of seating and have knocked out the street facing walls to create large inviting picture windows. Good place to get coffee and bagel, or even sit down and get a full breakfast. The service was friendly, and basic eggs, bacon and potatoes I ordered were good.  I like this place, it is great for the neighborhood!Good bagels, but they usually only have a few available. They charge extra if you want butter (also for cream cheese, but that's typical, whereas charging for butter is not). They also have decent coffee. The rest of the food is hit or miss, as is the service. They're all nice folks, just not always focused. They also charge a fee to use your credit card for total less than $10. And you can't tip your server on your card. That's just mean, as I'm certain some servers get stiffed as a result. I like the folks there, but it would be nice if they could step up their game.Boyf and I just had quick sit down breakfast here. We usually just grab coffee to go as we walk the dog. We both ordered pork roll, egg and cheese sammies on toasted bagels. He also had a side of scrapple. Coffee was great, as always. The eggs came scrambled, rather almost omelette style, which was fine but worth noting in case you are expecting fried eggs. There had to have been at least two, maybe three, eggs on each. I actually cut excess eggs off to eat separately. The cheese was American and gooey and the pork roll was also plentiful. I usually order everything bagels but from past visits, I already knew I wasn't a big fan. There is such a heavy garlic taste on theirs, its just not worth the lingering taste all day. The poppyseed was good...chewy, dense and fresh. 
All in all, convenient and fresh breakfast for local east fallsers, but nothing so memorable that I would go out of my way for. I would probably give it 3 1/2 stars if I could.Great atmosphere.  Charming.  Mediocre food - at best. And it's hard to mess up breakfast.Finally tried this place out with a friend last weekend and I really enjoyed it! I got the east falls with two eggs, turkey sausage and home fries..all were good but I wished it was bigger. I guess for 5.50 you really are getting what you pay for. The service was good and it feels nice and open. I will definitely be back!Off the beaten path, this place is pretty, spacious, and laid-back. It's a "seat yourself" type of place, with a number of tables seating 2-4 people. They also seemed to have a penchant for playing James Blunt in the background. 
I came here while visiting a friend and we were pleasantly surprised. The first morning we both got omelettes. Fluffy and packed with fillers (my friend got the Good Times omelette without the avocado, I got the Make-Your-Own with mushrooms, onions, cheddar, and turkey sausage), they made for large omelettes taking up half of your plate. The homefries are good, though don't expect to have your plate loaded with them like some of the greasier, diner-type places. Don't get me wrong though, they were still really good. I highly suggest getting them cooked with onions. 
The second morning we all pretty much wanted french toast, but alas! it was not meant to be. They had run out and so we dejectedly all got pancakes (as part of The Manayunk breakfast combo: pancakes, bacon or sausage, homefries, and toast). I have to admit, having grown up on bisquick pancakes, I do my best never to order pancakes when out on the town, but these were fluffy, delicious, and well made. Just looking at the two fluffy discs on your plate, you know they're made from pretty high quality stuff from someone who knows how to make perfect hot cakes.
A word to the wise: this place takes credit/debit cards, BUT you can't tip them via this method of payment. So, bring some cash because they do their job well. Another thing to note is that they will not automatically bring glasses of water, so make sure to ask if you're thirsty.Having this just down the street from my house is really convenient. I've had both breakfast and lunch here on several occasions and it's been better than expected especially for the price you pay. You can either come by for a bite to eat or even bring your laptop and have some coffee (which I've seen several people do.) I just wish they had longer hours.Pretty tasty and a nice place to hangout in the afternoon with a latte. Just remember that this place closes right at 3:00 sharp. So, get there in the am or stop by when you are playing hooky from work