I had my first meal from here tonight. The pie was hot and the crust was soft. Nice sized slices. I had half plain and half sausage. It tasted like spicy Italian sausage. It had a nice kick to it. The wings I ordered were mediocre in my opinion. 
The delivery guy was friendly too so I guess that counts as good customer service.  
If you're new to Philly, I found this to be a very satisfying meal overall. It really hit the spot.
This is definitely now in my top five pizza shops of the area. I hope they remain consistent with their quality.I grew up down the street and was turned on to them on a recommendation after my local pizza place was closed for a renovation.  I never went back to the old place. Ernie's pizza is solid.  Wings are for real totally tops. And they got all the other stuff too.  Yeah, great steaks and Italian hoagie. I mean. So good.    Some really decent everyday specials too.Staff is real friendly & you must get the mozzarella sticks! Theyre made fresh not frozen! The pizza is amazing with a light crispy crust.They used to be good but in the last year or so, the kitchen fell off big time. Last time I got a burger there, it was hella greasy.  So greasy that when I picked up that sesame seed bun, my fingers mushed right through to the meat. As I examined the bun, it suspiciously resembled the buns Burger King uses on The Whopper. Did they just run out of bread and had to borrow some from the BK next door? Or do they just suck at making food ?Yes, as good as it gets. At least regarding the pizza. I do consider myself a pizza connoisseur, a pizza snob; but I know my pizza. And Ernie's is by far the best pizza in the north east. Quick delivery, and they get it right every time. Go with the plain pie, and you will not be disappointed! The white with tomato and broccoli get an OMG!    ;)pizza amazing as usual......do not order the chicken Caesar salad...chicken dry and over cooked. not the first time btw. at least the dog enjoyed it.Great cheesesteak! The cheese fries we ordered were also good too, and came in a huge portion which was a good for the price. Delivery was quick, and the delivery guy was very pleasant. Will order from again!Haven't eaten here in a while.  Good thing!  When the pizza got here somehow the crust was warm but the sauce was ice cold.  There was a giant lump in one corner that I had to get a sharp knife to cut.  My two hungry kids wouldn't even touch it.  Worst pizza I ever had.  Will never order here again.Very nice workers! They are always happy to help you and give the best service that they are able to give. They will most likely strike up conversations with you as well. I got the $5 combo with 2 slices of pizza and a drink. The pizza slices were huge. The slices were thin, very oily and saucy. Nonetheless, it was a great day here.I give ernies 3 stars n it's a shame because they have my favorite pizza I order from here once a week for my family and every time they take over an hour just to deliver a pizza tonight I'm upset it's been an hour and a half I call n it still hasn't left I'm getting very irritated and I'm not going to order from here anymore my house is literally 10 min away I just don't understand I'm a very good customer but I guess that doesn't matter to them! And my pizza doesn't even come hotGood pizza and quick delivery.  This was my first time ordering from there and I was pleased.  I might order light on the cheese next time, but of all of the Pizza delivery in my area, this one is the best thus far.Highly recommended! I just ordered from this place for the first time, and I must say, I finally found real homemade pizza!!!! Absolutely delic!!!! Their cheese fries are good too!!! Yummy!!!!Absolutely the best Pizza in the Northeast! 30 years and counting, especially the Paesano pie!I do not like their pizza. But I do LOVE their Cheese steak ( different from Geno kind. Geno kind is not my kind. )  Their roast beef hoagie are also very good too. Pickles come with them are very pungent. Just good!Had 2 slices and a coke for 5 bucks. Crust was thin and crispy, sauce had good flavor, but the cheese was gooey and greasy. The service was friendly and the guy picked out the 2 biggest slices from the pie. Guess I looked hungry. Definitely will stop back given they are open late.Ernie's is a solid place to go when your diet goes off the rails. The food is exactly the cure for too much salad, although you can get one of those at Ernie's as well. The staff are pleasant and produce really good pizza and steaks. I dont have a problem with the fries. Elvis loved Ernie's when he was a visitor to Philly. So was Richard Nixon come to think of it....Great cheesesteakes and pizza been going here since 2010 love it salt pepper hot peppers mayo and a water is what I always get there ice cream is greAt tooWow. This was awesome! I work near here and I recently came here for lunch for the first time. It was suggested that we get the Paesano and it was so good! It's a sauce on top kind of pizza. The sauce was delicious! Also, it was just the right thickness. Not too think and not too thin. I had 3 pieces!
Great find! Keep up the great work, Ernie's!The pizza is really nice. Tasty sauce and a crispy crust.  But the star is the house made mozzarella sticks. I usually don't go for the frozen hard thick crust ones. But when the counter person suggested the sticks i decided to give it a try. Amazing! Tender and a light crust. Deelish.My first cheesesteak! Got it with fried onions and American cheese, and it was really good. Fries were a disaster. They are battered sticks of extruded potato mush, and actually they got me a little freaked out that there is someone somewhere, or more probably, groups of someones in multiple somewheres, who sat around and agreed that yeah, American consumers are put-off by the vegetable-y-ness of french fries. They would prefer to eat strips of processed potato-soy powder-corn-syrup mush coated in some kind of post-modern food-like coating. 
Ernie's has a big menu of typical take-out pizza place items, plus a selection of Hershey's ice cream, so you can pick up a pie and a pint at the same time. They were taking care of customers quickly and politely, and the interior was a lot nicer than I thought it would be.I have lived in this neighborhood for a long time, about 30 years. This was my families go to pizza place when I was a kid and for some reason we stopped ordering from Ernie's. Nothing bad just switched it up I guess. I now have my own house in Fox chase and we order from another pizza spot, but I thought the pizza was gross and soft. So tonight I had a craving for good pizza and took a shot and ordered from Ernie's. I'm so glad I did! The pizza was perfect! Thin and crispy pizza and really good mozzarella sticks! We found our new pizza place!I ordered from Ernies original pizza on Cottman Ave . We got a medium 1/2 pepporoni and 1/2 spinach due to the inclimate weather it took rather long for the delivery . Yet when it arrived the pizza was harder than expected and the mild buffalo wings were not tasteful. We also ordered the mozzarella cheese sticks which were recommended and they weren't that good either. Basically just a total thumbs down.Here's another local gem in the NE that's worth visiting if you're in the mood for pizza. Upon entering, you're greeted with a bright clean dining area with ample searing for a small group. Definitely a place that you can take you wife and kids to eat. 
As for the pizza, the centers are thin with just enough crust to have a thin crisp snap. The sauce is spread light and there's a nice spread of good quality cheeese. $5 for 2 slices and a soda. You can't go wrong.Their pizza was cold when it arrived and it tasted like rubber to me. It was soggy, literally no cheese, and the veggies on top was sour and undercooked. I could've just make a better pizza at home myself if I knew what I was getting from this place.Well, if you're into "HAIR" as a topping, you're good to go. This place has dramatically gone down hill the past few mos. Wrong orders, poorly prepared, longer waits, and then the dreaded HAIR topping! Furthermore, this also happened to a neighbors pizza as well! Once, my go to pizza joint, no my go no more pizza joint. Get ur act together boys!!Great service.  Used them to make an advance order for delivery for the day of my wedding to feed everyone between the church and the reception.  Great service and wonderful food.  We order frequently. Chicken Cheese stakes, Fries, chicken fingers, and pizza are our favorite to order.  Ordered an Hoagie tray for the day of our wedding...about 5 years ago everyone was pleased still turning out great food.I used to enjoy their pizza but I will never step foot in this place again. I had the unfortunate pleasure of listening to their delivery guy spew racist, hateful viewpoints. First he said that it was a liberal who drove that car that killed people in Charlottesville. Then he said we can't say All Lives Matter because THEY would think we're racists. No, we don't think, we know you are a racist. He then said 87% of all crime is committed by blacks and that Obama set race relations back 50 years. As I was wondering where he obtained this information I looked to my right and FOX news was on the big screen. Stay away from these racists unless you are a nazi.Pisano pie was very good.  Just enough sauce to cheese ratio.  Crust was crisp yet chewy too.I love the cheesesteaks here. They were surprisingly delicious. The pizza and salads are good also. I've never eaten inside so I'm not sure on the service however the the delivery has always been prompt and the food was hot.Very tasty pizza but service was a bit lacking and signage was a bit misleading. I was on my way back to work on my lunch break and was craving some pizza so I stopped into Ernie's after seeing the 2 slices of cheese and a 20oz for $5 lunch special sign. 
I walked in and waited at the counter a bit for someone to notice and had to wait about 15 minutes for the 2 slices of cheese, I ordered. I also thought I would be able to get 20oz bottle from the fridge but was given a fountain soda which soon was flat. 
While I waited a young kid also came in and asked for a single slice of cheese pizza and he received his slice first and paid $2 exactly for it, which leads me to believe the $5 special isn't that special at all. Basically it appears the pizza is $2 per slice and I was charged $1 for the fountain soda. Also note, the cost for a single slice was not listed anywhere, otherwise I would've just went with that option.
Overall just okayGood pizza however if you are high risk, as I am, consider avoiding this place. Out of the 8 people behind the barrier only one wore a mask but it was around his neck. I mentioned it and was told it's too hot and hard to talk on the phone. I'm not militant about a mask but I do expect people cooking my food to have their mouths covered. I get not covering your nose. I'd prefer if it was covered but I get it. But nothing over your mouth?  You spit when you talk... it's unavoidable. Maybe consider face shields. They are better than nothing. 
Let's also consider hot and uncomfortable when you talk to surgeons wearing N95 masks for 20 hour operations.My boss orders the office lunch here pretty often. I am unimpressed.  The pizza is soggy. Not well cooked at all. When you pick it up, the toppings slide off. Gross.  I tried a fried flounder hoagie, and there was barely any 'hoagie' on it. Very little lettuce and no tartar or cocktail sauce on the side. I think I'll pass the next time lunch is on the boss.OMG just ordered from this place for the very first time, and i won't be returning back!!!! I asked for bacon on the cheese fries, (to try some different) they actually put raw ass bacon on my fries. Didn't know i had to specify that i wanted it cooked.Ordered a salad with grilled chicken and it was so bland. Even though I had onion egg and carrots in the salad it still tasted bland.  I even had dressing and it didn't even make a slight difference it's obvious they don't season the chicken they just grill it and go like they don't even salt and pepper it. How can u go wrong with a salad. The onions where cut so big I had to cut it up myself and it wasn't even the proper onion your supposed to use in a salad. First and last time eating here. Also had a coworker order a chicken salad and they gave her lettuce and grilled chicken. Overall the counter person is very nice. She gets 4 starsPretty good food staff is friendly too. I never had an issue anytime I ate here. But just be mindful because the place gets packs with people from Northeast High school during the school year.Pizza is good but that girl that worked tonight n most nights she always messes up tHe easiest orders like tonight I irder 2 slices a cake n mint choc chip ice cream gain I get all the way home n it's the wrong ice cream I use to go their every few days just for ice cream n slices n my son also but he said she messes his orders up I've complained many times n the gorl still working their I'm tired of throwing food away bc she can't take a simple order also I make sure to repeat my order to her 2-3xs bc this is a common problem I guess my house hold will have to order else where 3xs a wk now due. To the lack not caringI walked in and a cook and driver weren't wearing a mask. And a couple was sitting at a table waiting for their food....I won't be able to support them anymore as they're not being as safe as they could be. There were some precautions taken but people trust that their driver and the person who cooks their food wear masks.The BEST pizza in life. Great handmade milkshakes. Very friendly service and clean establishment. Great location and easy to find. Great deals on a budget.I've been an Ernie's customer for about 10 years.  In the past I'd compared it to a really good nyc style pizza, with really reasonable prices. During  the pandemic summer of 2020 I
Purchased Ernies pizza for takeout to eat poolside with friends. I was disappointed multiple times , with too much oily drippy cheese and undercooked crust.  I ultimately stopped buying Ernie's. I recently went back and ate inside. It was the old perfect slice... crispy, with a crust that supported the perfect amt of cheese and allowed me to taste the yummy sauce. I asked about last summer and was told that occasionally they brought in other pizza cooks to offset the weekend demand. That person is no longer there. Ernie's is back, and so am I.I really wanted this pizzeria to be great. Unfortunately, it was a big disappointment. I ordered a Sicilian pie and asked for well done. They even wrote well done on my order, and on the invoice that came with the delivery. 
But the pie was underdone, almost soggy. The sauce was pretty ordinary and tasted like it was right out of the can. 
And the great thing about Sicilian pies is they are big and there are lots of leftovers. Often, a reheated sicilian slice can be delicious. The problem was, this pie got even soggier. 
I told the person taking my order that this was the first time I was ordering from them. That should have been a cue to do a good, even a better job. It didn't happen. I won't be ordering from them again. 
The delivery, btw, was very fast, as promised. And I have no clue about how their other food is.The delivery driver is a racist bastard !!! He left a voicemail on my phone calling me a nigger !!! Don't eat from them I'm pretty sure they're all some racist fucksIts ok pizza if Ang makes it, you just need to tell the counter girls exactly how you want your food cookedOrdered a plain pizza, cheesesteak and cheese fries for the kids and a small paesano pie for the parents. The delivery was quick and efficient (the driver called upon arrival) and the food was hot and delicious.Ernies is my go to place to order from! Their burgers are killer! Motz sticks, chicken tenders, salads, pizza, good stuff!
They take a bit long for delivery sometimes, but it's worth while. If they make a mistake, just call, they're human it happens and they will make it right. The delivery crew are so cool 
Eat at Ernies!!!Pizza is, hands down, the best in the NE.  Always done to perfection, and hot upon delivery. Have had various reds and whites and never a disappointment. However, I definitely note a significantly better pie when you go with either small or medium. For some reason, the large pies here are never as good !!?? Had my first chicken cutlet hoagie here tonite and one of the best I've had.Ernies has the best pizza in the neighborhood and you can't go wrong with pretty much anything on the menu. I've been ordering from here since 2005.
Their pizza has a great crust and sauce (I like the round pie sauce better) and it always comes delivered piping hot. 
Also, I always order cheese fries and I love whatever brand of cheese wiz they use. 
Their cheesesteaks are super tasty. My favorites are a baked pizza steak or a cheesesteak hoagie. It's also really fun to get baked yourself before ordering from here!I enjoyed my ground beef and spinach pizza,  along with my cheese fries.
Very satisfied 
Happy customer 
I will be ordering from them againI ordered through Grubhub and this is the ONLY company so far that does read the special instructions. I prefer ppl to call instead of ringing my door bell and they did exactly that so I was happy.
I ordered a med pizza that was half sausage and half buff chix and spinach. The pizza tasted pretty good but the toppings were chopped very fine than what I'm used to. Also I felt like they were kinda skimpy with the toppings and it wasn't evenly distributed on each slice. There were patches on toppings on the slices.Love their Pizza and Cheese Steaks! Very clean inside. The staff is fast and friendly. I really recommend this place! Only eat at these kind of places once in a blue moon, but when I do, I choose Ernie's!They're food is delicious but we're still upset a week later over they're delivery guy not wearing or even having a mask when asked when he came.   Seemed to not think anything about it.  . This happened when pandemic started before so I requested they wear a mask. They did so I stopped asking.  I will have to request it again but shouldn't have to.Great quality pizza! The pizza needs a little crisp to it so it won't fall apart while you are trying to eat it! But the taste is amazing.Ordered here for the first time, got cheese fries, wings, and mozzarella sticks and asked for the fries and wings to be well done. I got delivery in about 20 minutes (10 minutes away) which is sketchy, then all my food was wayyy undercooked. I've worked in a few kitchens so I know cooks can be spiteful about people asking for things cooked for a few minutes longer than usual, but seriously. Deal with it, I'm a paying customer. The food was honestly gross. Never ordering from here again and it's a shame since there so close.I search for good pizza, this place is a go to when craving pizza. I get the hot sausage pizza every time, I recently tried the vegetarian pizza it was great and garlic knots they gave me heated sauce heated sauce instead of cold sauce out a jar like most places, the sauce was incredible!Ernies has the best pie in the northeast in my opinion and I've had just about every pizza place you can think of that's near Ernies but it's not even a debate and the mozzarella sticks are a must tryErnies pizza definitely has great food, this is the reason my family and I have stayed loyal customers for years. With that being said, they do tend to make errors in their orders every once in a while. They always have no problem correcting their mistakes though, and always send out whatever was wrong or missing. I must admit though, over the past year or so the orders have been more accurate. I would still recommend them to a friend.Good food. Fast delivery. Friendly service.