A wonderful restaurant with great ambience, tasty innovative dishes (roasted prawns were delicious and the olive leaves wrapped appetizers were very original and succulent), but with inattentive extremely spotty and rude service across the board. Were it not for the food quality and general ambience I would have given them 2 stars. 
We went there on January 8. A very cold evening. 
It was not a busy evening for the restaurant. Their dining room is very spacious. Only a few tables were occupied. After we were seated, we waited for over 15 minutes to even have a waiter come to our table. After we placed the order, we waited for even longer (and our orders were not complicated dishes; see pictures). The service was very spotty as they forgot about some of the dishes we ordered. We had to chase them up. 
When serving us, the waiter was extremely rude. He came with our dishes. Dropped them on our table without even making eye contact or saying anything. He kept walking (as he dropped the plates) and just zoomed past our table. It was not as if he was in a hurry to serve other tables, because the restaurant was empty.The food is very fresh and the seafood are cooked in the original taste. Nice service too.This restaurant is absolutely stunning. There are a lot of components to the design and layout and I wish I had more time just to look around and appreciate the decor. We came here after my college graduation and were seated at a beautiful table by a window. It was very intimate and allowed for privacy without having us feel like we were forgotten by the staff. Our waiter was very very attentive and friendly but bordered on being a little bit too attentive. The food was great but I think I was expecting it to be a little bit better. I had the business lunch - Octopodi was fresh tasting a beautifully played. The whole fish, Bronzino, was perfectly cooked. The best part of my meal was the dessert - baklava. Overall I would absolutely recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves Greek food or is looking for a really lovely dining experience.Service was a bit slow, but OK. Scallops were delicious. Vegetable salad was completely drained in oil and not particularly good. The place is beautiful.I have been here twice in the last month or so, mostly entertaining friends who like Greek food from out of town, and a few times in the last 5 years also!  Our friends have universally said that the food is good.
The service is consistently professional, and often you will get a friendly, engaging sort of server.  On our last visit, she took care of us, including an old geezer who was cranky.  
The Estia chips, made of zucchini covered with a light batter and deep fat fried, are a must.  A light style tzatziki dipping sauce rounds them out.
Estia has a number of classic Greek dishes on the menu, and all that I have tasted are at least passable if not inspired.  It is not easy to make simple Greek dishes divine.  But the best thing to order time after time is a fresh whole fish.  They usually have at least 4 different fishes to choose from.  They will even bring the raw whole fishes out to your table for you to view.  It is always cooked to perfection, simply, with an olive oil and lemon and caper vinaigrette.
The wine list features a lot of Greek wine, and some of it is fairly good.  The prices here are high, and that detracts somewhat from the overall experience.We had my daughter's graduation party here for 30 people.  They were very helpful with planning the event.  The staff and service during the party was excellent.   No issues whatsoever.  My thanks to everyone at Estia who helped make this a successful party!A very pleasant meal! We had tickets to see a show at the Kimmell Center and the Estia ad on the pdf ticket inspired me to research the restaurant and then make a reservation. The cocktails were very good - particularly the Burnt Manhattan. The prix fixe pre-theatre dinner was quite pleasant. Each plate was tasty. The moussaka was particularly good. We will probably eat at Estia the next time we have tickets for a Kimmel Center show.Great food and service along with a wonderful atmosphere...had octopus and lamp..superbThis is one of the nicest looking restaurants I've been to in the city. It feels like an Old World kitchen with a tons of character.  Great place for a rehearsal dinner or big group party since they have huge rooms that close off down stairs. However, the food was just OK. The hummus sampler was just average. My fish was really oily and the vegetables were really mushy and flavorless which was disappointing. The best thing was definitely the pistachio dessert. Overall we had great service, just wish the food was a bit better!This is an excellent restaurant, even for Greece. The food is top notch. The service is outstanding. The atmosphere is cozy. The place is clean and inviting. Menu is a bit pricey, but as far as Greek food goes, it is worth the price.
You will not find better Greek food in Center City, if not Philadelphia. Estia is the BEST. I'm Greek. I've tried them all.
I wish my wife and I could afford to eat whatever we wanted at Estia every single week. We totally would. Instead, we frequent another restaurant owned by the same family, which is less upscale. The food there (Pietro's) is also excellent.Have visited about 3 times, and each time has been quite enjoyable. The environment is very pleasant (dark, yet spacious and a very home-y and earthy feel). 
Environment: 4/5
I had the opportunity to try 3 dishes: the spinach pie, lamb chops, and baklava.
Spinach Pie (4/5): Very well made. Honestly, I don't think I've ever had spinach pie before, so I don't have any comparisons, but I found the texture to be particularly great. It was very flaky and crunchy, which combined with the creaminess of the spinach filling, made for a delicious overall appetizer.
Lamb Chops, Medium Rare (4/5): Just as high quality as the spinach pie, albeit in a different way. It came out as 3 lamb chops with a side of fries. The lamb was very, very good. Meat was very tender and cooked exactly as requested. Personally my biggest complaint is that there was a bit too much fat on the lamb chops, but I suppose that's to be expected from lamb meat! Tasted absolutely delicious when dipped in the tzatziki sauce and was easy to cut. I loved eating the slightly burned part near the bones too! The side of fries looked kind of puny, however. Came with like 10 fries which were not on par with the quality of the other dishes.
Baklava (4.5/5): REALLY GOOD. Not that I've had tons of baklava in my life, but you would imagine a Greek restaurant to have great baklava, and Estia is no exception. It was super crunchy, though a bit difficult to eat (a lot of sugary syrup dripping around). I actually found it to be a bit too sweet, actually. Once you get over the initial hardness and difficulty of cutting, It kind of melts in your mouth. 
Overall, I had a great experience here. I would definitely recommend this place for more formal events (dates, restaurant weeks, etc.)I was treated here by my girlfriend for my birthday, as a pre-show dinner.  Her appetizer came out cold. She decided to let it go (I had salad.)  Our dinners came and both were just about warm.  By the time the waitress came and inquired about our food we were almost done. My friend mentioned the food temperature issue  and she then offered to heat it up. There was (clearly) nothing to heat up.  Here response was "oh that's too bad."  The food was OK. I had chicken which was good, but the orzo was so sweet it was inedible. We chose the theater menu and the desert choices were uninspired. I can't see returning or recommending Estia, which I'm sorry for, since I was looking forward to doing both.Went to Estia last night with a couple friends. We had a glass of wine and share a few appetizers... the food was delicious, the place is beautiful and the staff very nice. But when the bill came up to be over $100.00 I suddenly wondered if it was really worth it. And I'm not sure it is.For me, the best thing about this place is the ambiance.  It has a classy, yet cozy feel which I think is pretty hard to achieve.  The dim lighting is really nice. The waiters are 1st rate, although maybe just a hint of being a little pushy.  The elevator is really cool too.
So what does that all have to do with the food?  Nothing !!  The food doesn't seem to be as good as the place looks.  Its OK, but not really great, and not so much of the down home Greek cooking specialties either.  Its more of a place to go for their fish specialties supposedly flown in from the Mediterranean.  And you can easily end up spending quite a bit of money here as I seem to always end up doing.  
Overall, because the atmosphere is so nice, I seem to come back here, but I'm always just a little disappointed that the food doesn't blow me away at these prices.Lamb was so exquisite.  So tender.  The Horiatiki Salata and Lamb chops were recommended by our waiter. So happy we listened to his recommendation.  Lovely dinner in a warm and inviting setting.  Would highly recommend this restaurant.I had dinner here with some friends for my birthday back in February. It's almost June now, and I can still taste the bass and the grilled calamari. 
My friends and I have pretty tight budgets, but the prix-fixe theater menu worked out perfectly for a couple of us (just $30!). Everything we had eaten was amazing. I loved the bass so much that I ate only one piece of it. I had to take the rest home so that my parents and brother could experience at least a sliver of this fish.
The atmosphere is phenomenal without being pretentious. Overall, I loved every moment of being there. No mind that our waiter was rather cranky (and old), my friends and I still had a great time. I'd definitely return if the chance arises.upscale greek that is worth the money....the estia chips (Zucchini and eggplant fried crispy served with tzatziki) are delicious!! the salads very fresh
lamb chops with roasted potatoes was delicious, a few people i was dining with had various fish entries and they all loved themReturned here tonight. Sat at bar. Enjoyed a glass of wine, some oysters and the Greek salad. Great light dinner after a hard day at work.  Highly recommended.This review is late by about 8 months, because my brain is a sieve and I couldn't get the name right.  And I'm busy.  But this place was super delicious with great ambiance in Center City Philly across from the Academy of Music.  The only thing that sort of tweaked me that night was an unreserved visitor with her husband and a baby carriage who insisted on speaking to the manager because "there HAD to be room for them. They come all the time."  So pretentious!
Service here was beyond hospitable, and was expertly timed.  Great wine selection and a full, delicious complement of Greek and Northern Italian appetizers.
The fish was perfectly and tenderly seasoned and broiled and the asparagus and potatoes were the perfect accompaniment. 
I don't remember what I got for dessert, but I do remember that it was tasty (I ALWAYS get dessert) and that the regular coffee was a delight. I asked for more and drank it black.
You know what? Maybe it's better this way.  Maybe I should always wait 6 to 8 months to do a review. Because for me, it's about the entire experience, about the slow burn of satisfaction (or lack thereof) over time and memory.  
Estia left a slow, glowing satisfactory memory. And I'm looking forward to my next visit.It's been restaurant week here in Philly for the last two weeks. So we not only try places we never been, but go back to places we haven't been in a while of course!
Had a 1:15 reservation last Monday the 18th and went to Estia for lunch, $20pp. Can't beat that. But after drinks and extras (later on that) obviously....lol.
We started with drunks, sorry drinks and their complimentary hummus. I'm a hummus fiend. I have had bad hummus so I know how wrong hummus can go. This was wrong on a good level because I was trying to watch carbs and I ate it all with that darn bread! OHHH! Then washed it down with the FIRST around of delicious drinks! Double OHHHH!
We had the soup of the day which was lemon, rice something or other and delicious. I find it totally Karmic I went to corner bakery earl do that day and tried to get my favorite lemon orzo soup only to be told...they don't sell it anymore! Then I show up here and THIS LEMON RICE DELICIOUSNESS is the soup of the day! #Blessed!
We also got the saganaki. Now, they didn't light it when it got table-side as we have had it in the past. A little disappointing. But it tasted better that the ones we have had in the past! So taste trumps presentation right now! #EstiaForTheWin right here!
I went off the restaurant week menu and ordered the octopus. If it's on the menu, sorry, but it won't be passed up! When I tasted Estia's I would have been sorry if I did. Perfectly grilled. Flavors balanced! Wonderful! BF likes Octopus as in he will taste it when it comes but I had to tell him leave some for me with this one!
Entree~ I had the delicate and flaky Branzino fish in a lemon sauce. It was the fish of the day. If you like Branzino and the tangy flavor of a good lemon sauce, if this is the fish of the day get it.
He had the lamb pita. It's nothing like having a pita where you can taste the lamb and it's not fighting with the others flavors of everything else that piled into the pita! Delicious! He ate everything to the salad and loved it all including whatever dressing he said they put on it lol!
Of course there was more drinks in this boozy lunch because when the food is good and it's the middle of the day you will drink! Oh and shot out to our waiter! A good waiter goes a long way to a great dining experience!I held a private lunch here for 30. The location was idea as we were all staying at the Hyatt. The room was a little drab and the seating was tight for a room our size. The food was good, but the wait staff was unable to serve us in an inconspicuous way. Meaning they interrupted conversations several times to reach over a guest to place or clear a dish or refill a beverage. The also had several staff set out the food when ready but had no idea who ordered what. We/I liked the food but the service was less than awesome.The food was delicious and authentic. Quite pricey but the atmosphere was worth it. The waiters were professional but very impatient. Overall it was a good experience!Took my mother for her birthday after the theatre.   Took awhile for waiter after being seated.  However,  once we ordered service was great.  Both enjoyed theatre prix fixxe menu which was 3 courses for $33 from selected menu.  Appetizer,  entree and dessert were all great!My new favorite Philly restaurant.  Great food and great service.  Beautiful atmosphere too.Great food, the chef/staff were flexible with vegetarian options for my party. A bit pricey, but large portions. AMAZING hummus.OMG  go here! We thought we'd grab a quick bite before a show at the Academy of Music, but our expectations were for average pre-show food... we were blown away. Grilled octopus was amazing!!!  Mousakah was phenomenal... I keep thinking about both and want to go back!There are many options for pre-theater dining in Philly. You can't go wrong with Sbraga or perhaps you'd like a juicy rib-eye from Ruth's Chris to induce a food-coma before the ballet (I kid, I kid). But if you're looking for a reasonable prix-fixe with well-executed Greek dishes in a beautifully designed space, I highly recommend Estia.
As you enter the foyer, it's hard not to notice the clean design - evoking the white of Mykonos, perhaps. 
The entirety of the main dining area is cavernous and spacious. 
There's an elevator to access the lower level, in case you can't traverse the stairs.
Book your private parties in the wine cellar room - gorgeous! 
But let's get on with the food! 
Pre-Theater Prix Fixe ($30 pp)
The GF felt like a diet coke and loved the cute glass bottle. To me though, that simply meant no free refills! Womp womp.
Mykonos Mojito ($10)
Absolut Pear, muddle mint, lime, simple syrup
I had to try the Mykonos mojito, if not for the alliteration alone. The cocktail was nice - subtle notes of pear, not overly saccharine, nicely balanced. 
Hummus
Meals commence with complimentary sourdough and garlic hummus, topped with radish and olives. Service is great by the way - non-intrusive and repeatedly replenishing the sourdough and hummus.
Spread Pikilia
Tzatziki, htipiti, melitzano salata, grilled pita
The GF opted for the Greek spread. The tzatziki was creamy and bright with cucumber notes. The hitpiti was delicious - a mix of red pepper, feta, and olive oil. The melitzano salata was a savory blend of eggplant, feta, garlic and olive oil. The pita was nicely grilled and the cucumber and pepper slices had perfect crunch.
Estia Mezedakia 
Spanakopita and feta stuffed meatball with spring mix salad
I had this mezedakia/tapas, which included a well-dressed spinach and mixed green salad. But of course, I don't order salads. I ordered this for the meatball and crispy spanakopita, which was filled with spinach and feta. The spanakopita was actually more like an empanada to me as I'm used to phyllo-wrapped spanakopita.
The juicy lamb meatball was perfectly cooked and filled with funky feta. Nice.
Arni Trahana
Lamb shank, trahana pasta, tomato kapama, pine nuts, currants, feta cheese
Wow. This well-seasoned lamb shank was served off the bone, but it was no less luscious and fall-apart tender. The trahana pasta was similar to soft couscous - perfect little nuggets to be imbued with the essence of the deliciously tart tomato stew. The pine nuts added texture and the currants provided subtle sweetness. The feta cheese brought a bit of salt on top of the stew - simply delicious. A must order.
Kotopoulo
Organic chicken, caramelized onion, yogurt orzo, lemon chicken thyme jus
The GF went with the chicken, which was moist and juicy. It seemed a bit bland, but when paired with the perfectly crispy, salty skin, a nice bite indeed. The caramelized onion orzo had a depth of flavor that helped to bring this dish home.
Fruit Plate
Chef's choice of seasonal fruit served with yogurt
For dessert, we went with both prix fixe options. The fruit plate was replete with a melange of various fruit, including watermelon and pineapple, accompanied by honey and Greek yogurt. 
Karidopita 
Traditional walnut honey cake
This traditional walnut cake was extremely moist - similar to a tres leches, without being overly saccharine. Nutty walnuts within helped to provide an added textural component to the dessert.
Estia provided the GF and I with the perfect pre-theater prix fixe before we saw the Sister Act at the Kimmel Center. Well-executed dishes, attentive service in a beautiful space. Estia should be proud to be the Greek component to the stretch of Broad Street that strives to represent art and culture in Philly.This place is top notch. The Greek salad is terrific. The tomatoes were super fresh.  I thoroughly enjoyed the lamb chops. The service was great and our server recommended a great Greek wine. We sampled a variety of Greek desserts and they were all terrific.Took my brother here yesterday for his 39th B-day..And it was wonderful!!!  Everything was 5 stars all around!!!.The restaurant was beautiful I feel in love with how it looked the minute I enter the room and knew it was going to be a great night. We we're all happy and had a great time. Well, come here again for sure =) Keep up the great work!!I love Mediterranean food and could eat hummus on everything, so I was ecstatic when the boyfriend took me to Estia for some authentic Greek food. 
We took advantage of the Theater Menu (only $30 for 3 courses). Portions were large and the food was, as expected, delicious. I really don't like eggplant but I had no idea that I willingly ingested eggplant when I had their Spread Pikilia (which consisted of Melitzano Salata AKA eggplant salad). They got me to eat eggplant without gagging!
I do have to say that the menu is full of Greek culinary jargon so I really don't know more than half of the things I ordered. So do ask questions if you're not a well-versed foodie like me. And even though I had no idea what I ordered and how to pronounce any of those dishes, I left the restaurant full and happy.The place is very nice and spacious. I've been twice; the first time the food was great and the staff were very attentive.  The second time was 1/29/16 and our reservation was for 10pm...NEVER AGAIN will I go that late.  They ran out of ribs we ordered ana instead of telling or asking, they just bought out what they had. We felt very rushed despite there all being at least 4-7 others still sitting there (not from our group).The food was of good quality, but nothing to write home about. Octopus was amazing though! However even if the food was amazing, the whole experience was stunted by the poor service we received. Not only the the waiter mess up orders, he also did not bring us bread (even when we requested it as many of us had pasta dishes with sauce) and also ended up double charging us on our bill. The bill was confusing as is as it's all in Italian. Additionally, we were at Estia to see a show at the Merriam and didn't realize our tickets came with a discount for the "Theater Menu" at Estia. We all ordered from the Theater Menu (it wasn't anything to write home about, don't order the icecream it's literally a tablespoon of dessert) and even though we mentioned to our server we were there for a show, he didn't offer us to use the discount. Seems like the discount had been offered for quite some time, so shouldn't he have known this? You'd think for a total bill of over $400 he would have been amiable to taking something off for all of the issues we had. But nope, he took off $2 for the icecream - that is all. I won't be back and wouldn't recommend this to anyone - unless someone was looking for a very expensive alternative to Olive Garden.Nice place, expensive for what that you get. But the god is good. I've been there during Philadelphia food week and got the deal for a starter and main dish at only $30 but the dish was really small even though was delicious.Had the Easter lamb special, the vegetarian appetizer plate, and tried the black bass. All were delicious but too expensive for what you're getting.Went here based on the good reputation and overall positive yelp reviews. On a Sunday night, it was pretty quiet and we were quickly seated. The restaurant interior is beautiful, built to replicate the inside of a Mediterranean home. Service was efficient and timely. But unfortunately the food did not live up to expectations. While nothing was particularly bad, for the prices we paid, we felt it should have been much better. We found it irritating that some of the appetizers were almost as expensive as the entrees, with half the amount of food on the plate. I think that you can find better or at least food that is equally good with more reasonable prices somewhere else. We will probably not return.The food was so damn good that I made this my very first review. Great ambience. Food is absolutely delicious. Prompt service, kind waiters. Perfect for a nice date.Went to brunch this past weekend.  I selected it because of it's proximity to The Academy of Music...but I'll go back because of the food and the ambiance!  This is a beautiful restaurant!  I know that beauty is not the marker of a fine restaurant, necessarily, but it certainly does play a part.  
I believe this is what Greece might feel like, and look like. My LDC (lovely dining companion)...aka my Mom and I each had the smoked fish platter which was very good, however a little on the meager side for $17.00, but it was tasty.  We had the Champagne brunch which came with a complimentary (part of the $17.00 I suppose) beverage. We asked for the Bellini. I was a little surprised and had to ask our waitress why we only got what looked like champagne.  Their "bellini" was champagne and Peach Schnapps, not peach puree, to which I am accustomed.  It was tasty, but not as refreshing as I had anticipated.  
We ended with superb coffee and a VERY EXPENSIVE dessert...the chocolate souffle.  Extremely small with a scoop of so-so vanilla ice cream. For $10, I thought it could have been bigger and had more characteristics of a souffle...light and fluffy. This was more like one of the "lava" cakes that seem to be ubiquitous these days. It was chocolatey and tasty, but overpriced.
Overall, I can see the potential and will definitely return for dinner. I am interested in trying the beautiful fish, and I want my LDC to try the lamb; I hear it is superb.
Won't give up the 5th star until I return.My fiance and I went here for lunch one day on a whim and off the Yelp review. The food was excellent! It was as good as it could possibly get. The service was excellent and the restaurant has great decor and ambiance. We will definitely go back! I suggest the polo souvlakiWe needed a spot for a pre-theater dinner and Estia was a perfect option based on its location and good food. We both opted for the $30 theater menu and shared our dishes.
The Romaine Salad was nicely chopped and dressed and the Spread Pikilia had a good assortment of spreads and the right ratio of bread and veggies for the dips. The Fish of the Day was a European sea bass and was cooked very nicely (although the fillet was a little small). We loved the flavorful Arni Trahana and the accompanying pasta. A round of Karidopita (which tasted like banana bread that had been soaked in honey) finished off the satisfying meal.I recently had the opportunity to dine at Estia as part of a mid-sized lunch meeting and the food was very good and the service exceptional. I'm looking forward to bringing my wife back for dinner.I cannot contain my excitement! The service, the food and atmosphere all ranked in my top 10!!!
Saki made the experience unforgettable, and offered insight to amazing good selections!
The appetizers, entrees and desert (Baklava) was beyond compare!
Celebrating my anniversary and the experience of ESTIA... Was AMAZING, STUPENDOUS,  & worth every minute/ dollar!!!
We been to 5 star restaurants in the past this place ranks above the best!
Thank you Saki!
Kevin & Kimberly Ward will be back!It is the first time I had Greek food and was blown away. I live in a super Greek neighborhood (Astoria, NY) and have contributed to the area's economy but it just didn't taste right. They were able to accommodate a group of 8 on a last minute request. Everyone was impressed when they walked in with the decor. 
Food: we ordered a lot of food. Pita with the dips& stuffed grape leaves. Honestly best stuffed grape leaves I ever had. Everyone loves the dips (all 3). 
Main course: everyone seems happy. Although for a couple of entrees, the side ingredients were the main star for the dish -__-. 
Dessert: highly recommend the pistachio cake, honey cake and the yogurt. All so good.
Price was a bit steep but it's definitely a place good for either group or to impress someone. :)Overrated, overpriced; awful for vegetarians. Save your money and go to some of the great Italian restaurants nearby.Perfect location for a pre or post theater meal! We often go for happy hour before a show - discounted appetizers and drinks at the bar make for a good and quick light meal. 'Craft Cocktails' are unusual and tasty.lack of vegetarian options was disappointing. also, long wait time and judgmental looks from staff and other customers for being youngsters.. I just seemed out of place and not very welcomeThis is a beautiful restaurant, and great for a date night. 
M. surprised me with reservations for a Saturday night, and so we went and got ourselves a Greek meal. 
For the appetizers we had calamari and the sardines. The calamari was delicious and fresh. The sardines were not really anything special but I'll always get sardines when I get a chance to, and what can you do with them really? Besides using some salt and lemon juice? Love them. 
For the main I had the lamb chops. M. had the lamb shank. Yes. We are big on lamb. Both were really good, the meat was soft and tasty. 
We got Greek desserts, although I don't remember which ones. I do remember mine lacked sweetness but I will say I'm a sweet tooth. 
The only thing about our Estia experience is that our server was a bit weird. He had explained the specials of the day after we had made our choice from the menu. Why not do this when you hand out the menu in the start? Also, after we finished our main courses, he asked if we wanted coffee or tea. M. then asked if there was a dessert card. It was as if it was assumed we didn't want dessert. 
Don't get me wrong, I would gladly come back here (or try one of their other restaurants). It's just that staff was a bit awkward at times.Stuck in Philly by the snow last December. Had to choose somewhere close to the hotel for lunch. Then we went to Estia. Food all very tasty not so delicate though. Had the jumbo prawn, grilled calamari and a fish, all very tasty. Had a traditional greek dessert Baklava very very sweet. You pick up the seafood and vegetables you want to eat which makes you feel more connected to your meal.  very big place, the waitor is funny. Overall a pretty good meal.Fancy smancy and close to the art district :)  Totally love this place the decor is so pleasant so luxurious yet its homie. The food is A++ . My experience with Estia was great from beginning to end !!!I had a horrible experience at this restaurant. It was kind of busy but regardless the service i received was kind of extra ordinarly bad. We were seated a table that felt like it was completely out of the way. Ended up sitting there 15 minutes without anyone coming up to us. I stopped one of the kitchen workers who gave us some water at least but then he left as well. Eventually got hold of another woman who made it clear she would not be our waitress, but she ended up taking our order and bringing our food? We saw her talking to someone who i guess should have been our waitress but after this conversation our supposed waitress ended up walking past our table ignoring us for another 10 minutes. When she finally decided to notice our existence, she made no apology and just asked how we were doing and walked away. I have no idea what was going through this woman's head. 
I proceeded to complain to the manager who was honestly apologetic, but at that point it kind of had ruined the experience. After our conversation, our waitress seemed to be a bit nicer but only because I had to complain to her boss. 
The food was OK. It would have tasted better if the service hadnt been horrible.
Im sure this place is a nice restaurant but we had a terrible experience.Zucchini fries? Yes, please. Bread? Yes, please. Would definitely come here again. Very elegant restaurant.Fantastic!!!!!! The Estia chips are worth going for alone. Great wine list and very friendly service. Perfect for special event or just a nice dinner.I was here for a function with preselected menu, so didn't have the full experience. That said, the food was fantastic. The calamari was the best I've ever had. The entrees were served family-style and all scrumptious. The dessert of baclava (spelling?) was incredible and we dined in the wine room which was a classic urban atmosphere in Center City Philly.Excellent service, excellent food! Stopped in here after a show, had the octopus appetizer, the grilled, calamari.  The waiter recommended the grilled Seabass, it was fabulous.
Highly recommend it!Thought we would try Estia before a ballet matinee. Eh it's good but nothing special. I ordered the filet mignon pita sandwich, which came with oregano fries inside and regular fries as a side. It was tasty but not particularly unusual or subtle. My mother had the crab cake sandwich but found no need to eat the bun and just ate the crab cake solo. Portions were generous. 
Lunch prices were reasonable but soft drink was overpriced. $3.25 for a 10-ounce bottle of Coke. Really??
Probably won't return just because there are other better places in the area.Skip the salads.  Splurge and order the calamari or saganaki.
Being a vegetarian, I ordered the papoutsakia, but a friend had the lamb shank which was apparently devine.  
Service was fine, nothing spectacular.If not my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia a close 2nd. The Lavraki, house salad, and Estia chips are a guaranteed favorite. We just had dinner Saturday night and still has never disappointed. If you're visiting Center City, you must go!!My boyfriend is Greek and went with his family when he first moved here and never stopped talking about it so I decided to take my family there.  For the price and the atmosphere, I wouldn't go again unless other people really wanted to go.  The octopus appetizer, Octopodi, was really good but the saganaki was nothing to write home about.
The fish and lamb entrees were just ok, yet very pricey.  I had the moussaka which I personally like much better at Effie's.  If you've got tons of cash to blow on a decent meal, this is the place for you!  
The place is enormous, they have outdoor seating and it's right next to the Kimmel Center, but I thought the decor was a little bit over the top.  I think they are trying to go for a rustic Greek look?  The downstairs section looks like it's for private parties but is absolutely gorgeous.  I asked the bartender if you can get drinks down there and he said you could.  I haven't been back to confirm this.
Perhaps their brunch or lunch is much better..?Really terrific Greek food, but at a pretty cost. Well worth the trip for the quality of the seafood, but this is one of those "once in a rare while" kind of places.I've always walked by this place and thought, "Oh poor restaurant! It looks like it used to be something fun, shame no one goes in here."  The restaurant would probably look back at me and sing "you lil stupid ass B, I aint f'n with yoouuuu"
Yea - I can admit when I'm wrong. I am such a fan of Estia after coming here with a group of friends for dinner during Restaurant Week.   There were 6 of us total and everything from start to finish was divine! Once we walked in we noticed a HUGE fish display which was incredible and I am sad I didnt creep over and get a picture. The interior of the restaurant is so amazing and very large.  
We were seated promptly for our 8pm reservation and greeted by our own star of the night - our server Randall who came fully equipped with a set of vocals he was not afraid to share with our group. A+ and 5 Stars for Randall and his amazing voice!!! (Keep reading to learn more about Randall and his ceremonious Little Mermaid routine...)
Food:
Bread and hummus for the table which was gone within minutes.  
For a sharing appetizer off the restaurant week menu we ordered the Saganaki. Not sure if they normally bring this out on FIRE, but we asked our server if it could be served this way and he gladly obliged.  Cue Alicia Keys: "This cheese is on fiiiiiiiiiiiiiire, this cheese is on fiiiiiiiiire" Needless to say it was ah-ma-zing!
Once we devoured the cheese, our waiter came and took our three course orders.  I ordered the octopus salad, the lamb and the ekmek for dessert. 
The octopus salad was one of the best I've ever had.  The octopus was perfectly charred and the portion size (especially for restaurant week) was enough that I didnt mind handing out a few bites. Also, sidebar-as I mentioned to our server  Randall that I was totally eating Ursula from the Little Mermaid, you bet your ass he broke out in to song hitting every note from "Poor Unfortunate Souls". Life = Complete. 
Lamb- incredible. Directly from the menu the lamb is "marinated for three days in olive oil, lemon and fresh herbs served with potato tiganites and tzatziki"  I wish I could bathe in the tzatziki sauce.  My lamb was cooked just as ordered.  (Note: what a steal for RW (I'm sure the ounces are cut back but) this dish is priced as $39 normally.) 
Dessert- Ekmek.  Sounds like something you cough up when you have the flu, but this was so light and creamy- I should have ordered one to go.  It's pistachios layered between kataifi phyllo (no idea what this is), custard and whipped cream. 
Although I didn't order the baklava, after reading reviews on it- I plan to come back and try it. 
Summary, I LOVE Estia and am SO happy I decided on this place for a RW pick.
Bring some popcorn and have your Disney DVD's on standby if you get Randall as your server because you're definitely in for dinner and a show.Possibly my favorite fancy-ish restaurant in the city. I've been here 3 times: for lunch after my high-school graduation, for my 19th birthday, and for my friend's 20th birthday. Every time the food and service was incredible. All of their food is unbelievably fresh, and perfectly cooked. They rely on great ingredients for flavor, rather than overdoing the seasonings, which I love and appreciate. The inside of the restaurant is spacious and gorgeous. And something that matters to me more than you might think- the bathrooms (hey, if you have a bladder as small as mine, you'll understand). They are beautiful as well, I want to hang out in there for much longer than is appropriate. 
Bottom line: if you have a special occasion and like great Mediterranean food, this is a must-go.This is a very very nice place. Good menu, nice decor,  attentive service. Comparing it to Trata in NYC, Estia comes out ahead.  We visited this weekend for lunch.  The fried zucchini chips are to die for with an excellent dip.  Get at least one order for the table to share.  I did not order the octopus but I later heard our server telling another table that it was a house specialty -maybe next visit.  I had the mixed seafood souvlaki  with swordfish shrimp and scallops.  A great dish but the scallops were the best - exceptional.  My wife had the sea bass which was just as good, maybe better.   Very interesting selection of teas.  Good espresso - but no lemon?  Skipped dessert.  A very solid 4 rating.
Now, since I am a bit of a nitpicker in terms of restaurants, I will mention a few things which kept this from a 5 rating.  We were the first couple in for lunch and were seated at the window. I have no problem with that since an empty restaurant looks uninviting to passersby.  However, we were seated Facing the window - which looked out on an 18 wheeler parked on Spruce Street.  We should have been seated facing IN - it is a very pretty place.  Next, the following customers were ALL seated in the same small area.  The place is huge, they should have spread the tables out more.  One last thing - they used an odd oval plate for the entree which curved up at each end.  Every time I put my knife down on the plate, it would slide left, right etc. I eventually gave up and put the knife down on the tablecloth - which I think is tacky.  
Hey, I would go again.  Need to try more of the menu.Estia is everything a great restaurant should be. Delicious & creative cuisine (try the eggplant!) ; wonderful service; and a welcoming atmosphere. Great greek wines too, listened to our waiters recommendation, and tried a great new one.I have been here twice, first time was okay nothing that great. Second time we went with our seven year old and I was very pregnant and we were told that it would be hours before they could seat us. I felt something wasn't right I assumed it was because our entire wasn't the typical fancy restaurant(keep in mind I was huge pregnant and nothing fits right). We left and I decided I'd call just to see what their wait time was and was informed they would be able to seat us right away. Never going back. Didn't even taste like authentic Greek food and for that price it better taste like yiayia's!This restaurant is amazing. Estia introduced me to Greek food and my family and I have been coming here for years. Anytime we want to have a guaranteed good meal in the city and not take a chance on a new place, we always choose Estia. Their  greek salad is amazing and their pastries are to die for. Anytime i come home from school we always come here. Also i almost forgot to mention how great the bread and hummus appetizers areI went to Estia after a graduation, and we were very happy with it. The business lunch is really a great value and I loved that they had Greek beer there. The octopus appetizer was a standout for me- it wasn't chewy at all it was soo tender. The lamb was also very good. The free hummus and bread before dinner was also very generous and super tasty. I would definitely go back. We were surprised to see the bill, it was much less expensive than expected.Octopodi and the pan-fried cheese dish (don't remember greek name) were incredible. The lavraki was so flavorful. The baklava was unforgettable - not too sweet and syrupy like it is sometimes. 
A little pricey but perfect for restaurant week!Great ambiance and value during Restaurant Week. Our server pointed out that the menu options and serving sizes remained the same and the price is the only thing that changed. Food was amazing and plentiful and my party of 6 was very satisfied. The only complaint was that the Resto Week crowd tends to stick around long so our reservation was late by 30 minutes. The GM stepped in and gave us a complimentary bottle of wine to make up for the wait--during Restaurant Week! We were already getting a deal and the service was still impeccable.I first ate at Estia about six years ago, just after it first opened. This was, of course, before Yelp existed, so I was interested if they were able to maintain the new car shine. The shine is still brilliant. When you walk in you are transported to the the best imitation of a Greek restaurant in Philadelphia. The decor is really breathtaking, in that, you feel like you are having a wonderful dinner on Santorini. The open kitchen turns out real fresh fish entrees that melt in your mouth. The best is a whole sea bass cooked with olive oil and caper with lemon, just delicious. Our party of six ordered from the restaurant week menu, which was a great value at $35.00 per person. There is also a theater menu at $30.00 per person. The wine list is fairly priced with bottles available in the $40.00 range. If you are looking for a private room for larger parties, they are available on the bottom  level. There is an elevator that takes you down, to a very impressive array of VIP areas.This is probably one of my top five restaurants in the city.  Hospitality is nothing short of amazing and the lamb chops were perfectly seasoned & delicious.  When they say the shrimp were caught in the Mediterranean Sea; it definitely appears that way.  Atmosphere is cozy but tables are extremely tight.  I don't like people staring down my throat when I eatThe octopus appetizer and lamb entree was 100% worth putting my vegetarian diet on hold for an evening. Mouth-watering doesn't even begin to describe both. Cozy atmosphere added a romantic touch to the ambience.This is a wonderful elegant dining experience.  The decor is classy, traditional European.  
Service is okay.  Waiters and waitresses were busy all the time but efficient and friendly.
The food was exquisite..I had the sea bass and my friends had octopus and mixed seafood.  So good.I am torn between 2 vs 3 stars. I really don't like giving bad reviews. The restaurant week menu felt uninspired for our large group this past Sunday. I was excited to order the soup as it was a cold rainy day. It reminded me of a play on congee rice porridge which was ok tasting overall but I wouldn't order it again. BF's salad was very simple and plain: greens and balsamic vinaigrette. The winning appetizer would be the crunchy fresh delicately coated calamari. The tile fish entree was bland to our group as well as the lamb pita. The dessert was our least favorite as it was a very simple slice of almond cake with a teeny butter-sized scoop of ice cream that honestly overall felt like an afterthought but I grew up in a bakery so my standards are a bit pickier for dessert. 
With some extra sauce or salt the entrees would've been more satisfying. We ordered off the restaurant week menu an appetizer which our waiter forgot to put it. That was the only dish that seemed up to par quality-wise with our expectations however it arrived way after we finished our entree's and by then it only added to the downhill experience here. 
Service was fair despite our forgotten appetizer, being splashed a bit of water during a refill, and once when the waiter dropped the butter knife next to my foot (luckily I was in rainboots and he had "poor aim"). I am sad that we had such a lackluster experience here despite the good yelp reviews.It's all good, and my advice is to wonder around this menu and try different items, the spreads and sauces with pita to start are outstanding.   Try the reasonable Theatre menu.    This was my first visit and I'll be back for sure, Estia offers warm atmosphere and comfortable surroundings, and the staff is quick and knows what they're doing.Dip/spreads were a bit too rich for me
Tuna was good, spinach that came with it was a little too oily. 
Baklava /dessert was good
Service was quick and friendlyBest Menu Item: Octopodi. This dish changed my entire perspective on octopus. Also make sure you get the hummus; I think they make it with butter! A foodie friend of mine also recommends the Seafood Tower. 
You should go here just for the two dishes mentioned above. I am sure everything is equally as delicious, but these are the only two menu items I've eaten, and I can tell you they speak volumes to the quality of food at this restaurant. 
The design of this restaurants interior is relaxing and comfortable and transports you to Greece. Don't let the white table cloths fool you, Estia can be formal or casual. 
Hot tip: Ask your waiter how the octopus was prepared. All I will tell you is it involves a Maytag washing machine.Superb food from start to finish.  The specialty cocktails were well-made, flavorful and nicely presented (Greek Gimlet and a Bourbon/basil/strawberry/lemon concoction).  We split the Octopodi app (portion sizes of all our dishes were generous).  Octopus was tender with great grilled texture and flavor complemented by the very-lightly sautéed red/yellow/orange peppers, capers thin-sliced red onions and light olive oil.  This dish alone is worth the visit.  
We split a Greek salad...which was so much better than a hundred other Greek salads we've all had before at other places.   Fresh, room-temp tomato chunks combined with chilled green peppers, cucumber, tiny amount of red onion, parsley tossed in a light oil and vinegar dressing and solid wedges of firm feta.  Every ingredient sang in that salad.   You've never had one this good. 
We each ordered fresh grilled fish (Dorado and sea bass).  The fish are cooked whole and served whole and deboned with a butter/lemon/caper sauce.   Splendid.  They went well with Greek wines suggested by our server who, BTW, did a great job of listening to our specific requests regarding timing of the delivery of our food and drinks.  
We finished the evening with Greek coffee.   Again, don't miss out....get the coffee.  It's a new taste experience not to be missed.I would give this five stars because the food was incredible, but the service knocked it down a star.
Went here for an awards ceremony in the BEAUTIFUL wine cellar and we had a pre-fixed menu, where we got an arrangement of different appetizers, a choice between 3 different entrees, and a dessert.
The hummus tasted like green olives and was DELICIOUS. The tomato/feta/olive oil/red onion thing was also amazing and fresh and was served with warm, doughy bread.
I ordered the chicken kabobs entree and it was so succulent and served with orzo, pita, a salad, and tzatziki sauce.  Amazing.
My main complaints with the service:
1) It took a good 45 minutes before the servers even brought out the bread with the hummus.  When I sit down to eat, I'd like the bread within ten minutes so I'm not starving.
2) The tomato appetizer was brought out twenty minutes after the hummus.  Why not all at once?
3) The servers were OVER attentive, if that makes sense.  They were so concerned with getting the waters refilled and the food on the table, that they would literally dart their hands and heads in between me the person next to me without warning.  At one point, my boyfriend (to my left) was talking to the person to his left and the server had just placed a hot pitcher of tea on the edge of the table and my boyfriend, while talking, moved his elbow and it knocked off the edge and spilled all over the place.  
Later, I was talking to someone very important and the waiter would NOT STOP tapping me on the shoulder asking me for coffee.  I understand they didn't want to leave me out, but I was in a very important conversation and this was disruptive and annoying.
Besides the intrusive over-attentiveness, the food was delicious, the ambience was enticing, and the hostess was very accommodating.I've been here many times for work and for dinner with my wife and the food has always been good without exception. The dips platter is really good as well as the Estia chips (eggplant chips).  Estia is a little pricey which is why I won't give it 5 stars, but the food is very very good.We went here for a large corporate event. We spent around $4k and afterwards they would not serve us dinner.  They are not good business people and the manger is way too young and inexperienced.   Next year the event will be at another venue.I went here with a friend for lunch during restaurant week and the food was so good that we spent $40 each instead of $20! At the recommendation of another friend we ordered off the regular menu and had the Estia chips, tasty thin zucchini and eggplant frittes. 
The calamari appetizer was very fresh, the seafood souvlaki was delish but the walnut cake was a flop - wet and tasteless. 
Service was great and I would definitely go again but I'll be sure to the prix fixe menu.