9 of us went during lunchtime when it was pretty empty on the weekend. 
However, we had to wait around 30 minutes for the food. 
The food was good and delicious though. We got the vegetarian and meat platter. I would come back for the food. It's a good place for groups.The best Ethopian food in the city. Their portions are huge as they are near UPenn and the food is great. This is a family run restaurant and you sense a certain warmth when you eat here. The owners have retained their culture while setting up the place and this makes for a nice dinner for two.Sadly I cannot in good conscience give this restaurant more than one star.  Although the two ladies working were very kind there was almost no service and the food was not as advertised on the website.
I am guessing, based on all of the reviews here on yelp, that last night was a huge OFF night for Ethio.  
When we arrived there were only three other people at one table in the restaurant. A nice young lady came out with waters for us.  We waited about another 15 or so minutes for menus.  
After about 20 minutes we got a wine bottle opener and some wine glasses.  
Half an hour into our experience we were able to order our apps.  
I had already previewed the menu online and ordered some hummus and sambusa for the four of us.  I knew I was going to order the delicious looking Veggie Combo dinner.  
About 20 minutes later they showed up and they were good!  
We ordered dinner -  veggie combo for me,  Tour of Ethiopia for two for my nephew and his g/f, and my husband asked for a lamb dish- they were out . . .  .this was about 7pm on Friday so . .  . . he ordered Gored Gored MEDIUM - a marinated beef entree.
About 45 minutes later one of the ladies showed up at our table with what we thought were condiments for our dinners.  She put the four little ramekins down along with injera (cold) and said enjoy.  The tiny little glass ramekins were filled with potato in red beet sauce, lentils, something similar to pico de gallo with jalapeno, tomato, rice wine vinegar and cabbage and what seemed to be a mixture of yellow peas and egg.  All of these had good flavor - really no complaint here other than we were confused as to what was being served to us at that point - most likely a kind gesture to compensate for the excessive dinner wait time.
After about an hour my nephew's dinner arrived-  it was for two and it included two chicken legs, two hard boiled eggs and additional floral spice sauce.  
About 15 minutes after their food arrived our dinners arrived.
Big disappointment.
My veggie combo dinner which was to be served on a round platter according to the website arrived in four tiny glass ramekins again - no presentation and the tiniest amount of food possible.  Yellow peas, a few string beans, no lentils, cabbage and collard greens.  Wow - not what I had expected.  
My husband's dinner arrived in a small bowl - literally cubed RAW beef.  Odd because it took so long to get it and we were the FIRST of the dinner crowd to arrive!
Hubby had to wait about ten minutes more to get someone to take it back and cook it to Medium.
As we were eating our dinner we looked around to see every table had filled up.  People were waiting over 40 minutes for MENUS!
It was a little bit funny to watch all these people's expressions go from great anticipation to curious, to agitated, to hunger induced annoyance.
One of the ladies had come to our table with food apologized and said I'm sorry twice.
I have to say this experience was so far from what we had anticipated based on all of these great reviews. 
I understand that from time to time things happen -  I am almost certain that their chef called out last night . . .  . it was that bad.
I had really wanted to try some of their Ethiopian coffee but we had about a half hour wait to pay the check and by that point we were really ready to go.
Next time we will try the Ethiopian restaurant next door.
Very hospitable women but not enough staff and certainly not what is advertised on their website - at least not last night.  : (My favorite Ethiopian in Philly! 
Its only downfall is the ambiance. It's sort of decorated like a super casual brunch spot that you would find down the shore. It's really too bad that it's not decorated more like Abyssinia down the street. However, everything else completely makes up for it. 
I'ts BYOB. Enough said. 
The service is great, for an Ethiopian restaurant. I always find the service to be slow, and it still is here, but it's done in such a hospitable, friendly way that it just adds to the experience. Where at other restaurants I felt forgotten about, here they'll take the time to chat with you about the menu, being honest about their items and figuring out what's best for your group. The food takes a while, but I imagine that's because it's all freshly prepared. 
Ethiopian style dinners are some of my favorites for eating with a group. The food comes out on one or two giant serving platters covered in injera (it's so perfectly spongey and tangy here) and the meats/veggies/etc. on top. Everyone just goes at it with their hands, picking up the main courses and vegetables with bits of injera. So fun. They will bring you extra injera here if you need it, but you probably won't. Everything is so deliciously filling. 
Go in prepared for slightly slow but hospitable service, plain decor and some seriously good and fun food. Don't forget the bottle of wine!We got the sampler and the fried fish with vegetables. It was good but they had some spicy stuff on the chicken and once I ate that, I could not taste a thing. 
Overall it was a nice change of pace and super cheap. The wife and I had dinner and I think the bill was only $25 bucks or so. So you cannot beat the price.Let me preface by saying that this was my first experience with Ethiopian food, so I don't feel especially qualified to give a completely unbiased review. That being said, I knew a couple basics prior to going ie. you eat the food with the injera, the injera is spongy and a bit sour, but that was the extent of my knowledge. I ordered the Tour of Ethiopia which is supposed to come with the Doro Wot, Yebeg Alicha and Kitfo and served with a salad side. They were out of the Yebeg Alicha which is lamb and I was bummed but they substituted some veggie dishes for it instead. It did take quite a while even tough it was only myself and another couple in the restaurant on a Sunday. After the dish did come, I started sampling and found Doro Wot not so much to my liking but the Kifto was pretty good and it went wonderfully with the "salad" which was tomatoes, onions, and jalepenos which tasted just like pico de gallo. They do bring you extra injera for free so that was a plus. The thing that bothered me was that the meal cost me about $20 and on their website it states $8.99 all you can eat on Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. Quite a big discrepancy if you ask me, esp. on a limited budget. I don't think I would go back, but mainly because I just don't think Ethiopian food is my thing, not necessarily that it was "bad".Based on a couple of friends' recommendation, Ethio Café on Spruce Hill in University City has long been on my list to try.  I've been eating Ethiopian/Eritrean food often over the last decade but this is one spot I missed in Philadelphia.  Well, I have missed it no longer.  A recent meal there proved it is among Philadelphia's top Ethiopian Restaurants.  Their injera bread was perfectly made and by ordering their Tour of Ethiopia platter, one can check out the three major dishes of Ethiopian cuisine at one time - Doro Wat, Beef Tibs, and Kitfo.  All were of fine quality.  The Mizir Wot (Lentils) and salad as side dishes were a nice touch.  Service was friendly by the waitress from Addis Ababa and the dining room has a warm appeal.  I can recommend Ethio Café for those seeking a tasty lunch or dinner - Ethiopian style!This place was great! I went in a group of 12 people, some who didn't know each other very well, and it was a perfect environment for that. We ordered (two family-style size) of the tour of the ethiopia (for the carnivores) and two of the veggie delights (self explanatory), along with two orders of doro wot (chicken with egg in a spicy sauce). It was my first time trying ethiopian food- and it was so fun. They brought out the veggie delights first, which were huge plates larger than a pizza, with a variety of veggies spread out among them, and each group of 6 took one plate. There's nothing quite like not breaking, but ripping spongy slightly sour bread youre sharing with a person you don't know that well, and using it to maneuver the contents of your meal. The variety of tastes on each plate was incredible- the super spicy stuff was balanced out by the more docile vegetables. The meat was good, and the doro wot chicken and egg dish, albeit spicy, was great. The people were very attentive, and the food came in a reasonable time. For 12 of us, including the costs of wine we brought, it was only $13 dollars apiece. Amazing price and great food- I'll definitely be back again.An adventurous spot close enough to campus--invite friends and order the vegetarian specials.  Very tasty food for those on a college student's budget.I recently had dinner at Ethio Cafe for the first time. I doubt I'll be back, sadly. I actually tried to go for lunch around noon on a Saturday (when the cafe theoretically opens at 11) but the restaurant was still closed so I came back for dinner. A few observations:
1) The vegetarian food is quite good. Better, I thought, than Abyssinia next door. The spice level is decent but not burn-off-your-mouth. 
2) My non-vegetarian partner, however, thought the meat dishes were sub-par compared to other Ethiopian restaurants. He had the meat sampler option, so perhaps those just weren't the most exciting dishes. None of the meat dishes were very spicy, either.
3) The major problem here is the service. The waitress was very sweet but inattentive. In her defense, might be because she was the only waitress, but the restaurant is not big (and at its fullest last night had 6 tables of customers). We ordered two appetizers; one eventually came out, 15 minutes later another came out but it wasn't what we had ordered, so we waited another 10 minutes for the correct one. It was difficult to get our water glasses refilled. 
4) In conclusion: vegetarians with a lot of time to spare should try it, but call ahead.Woohoo, as good as it gets is absolutely correct. I concur with all the reviews here that praise it. I am super impressed with the quality of the food here.
I've eaten Ethiopian food at 7 different restaurants including 3 in Philadelphia, and this is the best place in Philadelphia. I am vegetarian and the veggie combo here is fantastic food. You get 7 different vegetables on the injera AND 4 small sides, all for $12. So even if you're a veteran of Ethiopian food like me but haven't been here, I recommend you order the veggie combo. 
ALL the other Ethiopian places give you 4 or 5 vegetable dishes with the injera, not 7, and there are no sides. So definitely try the ones you may not (or may) have had elsewhere. The veggie combo is good for 2 people. Yes, one downside to this is that you may decide that you like only 4 of the 7 vegetables and find that the individual portions for each of the 7 are too small to really feast on. Which is why I say try the whole thing the way they make it the first time, and then the second time, ask to substitute the ones you don't like. Kaffa Crossing lets me do this, and I see no reason why the wonderful people here won't. 
The older lady who is the cook is the sweetest!
Overall, I'm a fan after my first time here.I just wanted to update and say that I have been back many many times and they have continued to be extremely kind and hospitable here and have served delicious food consistently!  My favorite Ethiopian place in Philly!I only moved here a few months ago and wasn't really sure which restaurant to try first but I decided on this place due to reading Ruth Y's helpful reviews.
I'm not an Ethiopian food connoisseur, but I am a total foodie and have a decent palate. I've also eaten at all the Ethiopian restaurants in Toronto, a couple in Chicago and another in Richmond and I have to say, Ethio Cafe is at the top of my list.
Four of us stopped by at 7 p.m. on a Saturday night hoping that they would serve us as they close "around 8 or 9" on Saturdays (I called earlier in the week). When we walked in, we were immediately greeted by the super friendly waitress who showed us to the dining area. It isn't a huge place but the cafe is casual, comfortable and extremely laid back -- my kind of place. 
We all decided on a veggie combo and a side of hummus. Portion sizes (and prices) vary greatly from restaurant to restaurant and I thought that at $8.50 for a combo, it would only be enough for one person. Because of that, we were ready to order FOUR combos when the waitress (who was very friendly and helpful) told us that two combos would be enough for four people. I had my doubts at first, but she was absolutely right!
The hummus was the smooth and creamy variety and made to order. It came with warm, soft, fresh pita bread which was perfect for scooping up the smooth chickpea dip. I've had a lot of hummus in my life and that hummus is one of the best I've had. 
The veggie combo came with two portions of each item and a side of more injera bread. The injera is a bit more sour than other restaurants but I like it that way as it was more flavourful. I want my injera to taste like something and theirs definitely fit the bill. All the items on the platter were delicious and perfectly spiced and the seasoned garlic condiment that it came with was a garlic lover's dream.
All in all, I loved this place down to the casual environment and the friendly and helpful staff. The food didn't even take that long compared to other places and the prices were excellent! Four of us ate for less than $40 -- two veggie combos, hummus, four bottles of water. A total steal.
While I do plan on trying a few other placese, I know that Ethio Cafe is going to be my regular Ethiopian restaurant. If you haven't been there yet, you must try it!Just ate at the new location and it is, as always, amazing!  Come see the new and improved place!  It is very pretty and cute with a lot more room :).  And best of all, an expanded menu :) whoo hooo!!!The service is so friendly, but also SO slow.  Since it's Ethiopian food, it's kind of to be expected that it will take a while though.
The food is really good and extremely cheap for how much you get!  I would come back to this place.No No No!
This was the first time I ordered a veggie platter at a Ethiopian restaurant and didn't want to indulge in it. The injera here was delicious but the vegetables in the combo platter were very bland (there was some kind of corn, kale, lentils, cabbage w/ carrots, and something indiscernible with an unpalatable tomato sauce that may have expired days ago). The spice level was close to 0 and I didn't want to finish the meal. 
Next time I'll choose another Ethiopian restaurant.Nice, clean BYOB. Excellent food, good service. Vegetarian plate and beef w rice were delish.This place is wonderful.  Great food, great prices, BYO, friendly family-run place... Can't say enough about how much I love it there.  Very happy to see they re-opened! :')Food was fine, people were nice, but it took an hour (60 minutes) for dinner to come. If you're going to eat here, order ahead, or go up to 44th and Chestnut to Kaffa Crossing for faster service.Food was delicious! The dishes were fresh and even beautiful to look at.  Generous portions and lots of injerra.  Will definitely go back.Only my second attempt at Ethiopian and it went fantastically. A friend and I went here with a Groupon. 
Did not have any service issues as mentioned in other reviews, but we were the only ones in the whole restaurant the entire time so I probably can't speak for what would happen if more crowded.
What to get:
Firfir -- great tasting meat dish. It seemed to have bits of injeera already embedded in it and every bite was out of this world. I think it was the best thing on the menu especially for the price.
Kitfo -- similar to firfir -- a dish you cannot go wrong with. The firfir is much more sauced though so get the kitfo if you are looking for something a bit plainer but the firfirt if you want very flavorful/spicy meat.
Tour of Ethiopia -- I usually hate beef, but I guess I was on a beef kick today because it came with a beef, lamb, and chicken dish and I only enjoyed the beef part of it, the Beef Tibs. They were amazing and in a mouth watering sauce of sorts. Must get this! The lamb in the yebeg wot was amazing, but the sauce it was in was way too acidic for my taste. The doro wot was a chicken bone but with no utensils, I did not understand how to do this. The sauce was unenjoyable but my friend loved it. 
Conclusion: If you are getting Ethiopian, order a beef dish! You will not regret it.Excellent Ethiopian!
What this place lacks in decor it makes up in super service and fantastic food.
You are greeted by a very generic space, that without the special Ethiopian tables, mesobs, set in a few spots you would never know what type of restaurant you were visiting.  The menu is simple and a bit confusing.
The owner and staff are as nice as could be.  They will explain anything to you, and they will be at your table asking if you need anything multiple times during your visit.
The injera is soft, spongy, and superbly soaks up the flavors of the stews on top.  They often will suggest that two people share a dinner for one instead of trying to up sell you.  On two recent visits, two of us shared a veggie combo.  With the extra injera and the two extra helpings of requested stews, included in the already reasonable price, we both left quite satisfied.
Recommendation, do not be turned off by the setting if it is a great Ethiopian meal you are looking to enjoy.My friend recommended me this place when I was in town, and I wasn't disappointed at all.
We ordered 3 dishes and I was very impressed with the meat dishes. Kitfo with raw beef was one of the best I have tried - full of spices and flavor. It was quite heavy to split between two, so be prepare to take some of this home when you can't finish it. Definitely good with toasted bread.
Beef tibs was good, though I wish I had tried the lamb tips (they ran out of lamb on that night). I can imagine lamb tibs would probably taste even better!
The last dish is veggie combo and it was not bad. In my opinion, the veggie combo is not on par with the meat dishes. It doesn't have the spices to compete with tibs and kitfo, but don't get me wrong - it wasn't bad; it just didn't impress me as much.
This place is quite small and it is very neighbourhoodish. Staff was friendly and nice. One of the only two critics for this place is the lack of floor area to have large groups of people there, and lack of drink selections. Other than that, I'd say this is a good place to fill your hunger for Ethiopian foods.Excellent Ethiopian food, authentic, family friendly environment. You can BYOB, and take a friend to share with. Service is great, very kind: typical habisha hospitality.The vegetarian combo platter here is way better than all of the other Ethiopian restaurants in the area. I can't speak to any of the meat options, but I like the veggie meals way better than Abyssinia's. The service is extremely friendly and I have never found them to be slow. It's a nice place to meet a friend to chat because it's usually quiet (I'm not sure why they don't get more business!). I frequently pick up carry out from here because it's quick, the portions are generous, and I just enjoy stopping by.Absolutely fantastic!
My hubs and I were there last night, a Wednesday, and until we were almost done eating, were there by ourselves. Considering some of the other reivews, maybe going on a Friday or Saturday night isn't the best idea. I think we were in and out of there in under an hour.
I ordered the vegetarian combo with the fish add-on and everything was great! I definitely prefer their collard greens to the ones at Abysinnia, who overcooks them. These collards were a vibrant green with tons of flavor, not overcooked and dark green. The cabbage was yummy and so were the other traditional vegetables.
My husband ordered The Taste of Ethiopia which was the traditional chicken stew, lentils, salad, cubed beef and ground beef. The spices, onioins, japapenos, injera - he was in heaven! Needless to say there was nothing left for a doggie bag.
A nice treat was that an Ethiopian man came in by himself and sat a table near us. We struck up a conversation about food, culture and the people of Ethiopia. He was a lovely man! I'm guessing he's friends of the owners because a girl from the kitchen came out and sat with him to share in some of his food.
So in conclusion, I highly recommend Ethio, maybe just don't go on the weekend if you're worried about service times and go during the week instead. Like I mentioned earlier, we were in and out in under an hour! Can't wait to go back!We had two vegetarian platters and they were fine.  I don't want to be too dickish with my review as I know that they really, really want to do a good job.  I guess I would say that there's always room for improvement.BEST ETHIOPIAN IN PHILADELPHIA
Meticulously clean - I don't think I've ever been to a restaurant as clean as this (seriously)
Welcoming atmosphere - sunny yellow walls and flowers on every table greet you on a cold winter night
Prompt and friendly service - the owner, Genet, takes so much pride in her cooking, and wants you to love Ethiopian food as much as she does. She is truly excited to introduce you to new flavors, or fulfill your cravings for your favorite dish. A friend's comment: "I wish she was my mom..."
Lowest price for highest quality - ask for a sampling of the chef's favorites, instead of ordering specific entrees. We fed 6 people for $36 dollars this way, and all of us walked away stuffed and happy
Wednesdays, Saturdays, and Sundays are *all-you-can-eat vegetarian* for only $8.99! 
I am very well acquainted with traditional Ethiopian cooking, as I am friends with and have worked with multiple Ethiopian and Eritrean foodies. This restaurant is the best I've ever had. Perfect for Ethiopian die-hards and new eaters alike!I've been to Ethiopian restaurants across Philly, and this one is my favorite. Don't except any frills, and the ambiance is a little strange, but don't be put off! The food is worth it. Much better than Abyssinia next door in my opinion. Highly recommend the Veggie Combo. Owners are very nice.Great Food, great price.  It has not been busy every time i go, but don't let that scare you away.  This place deserves to be busier.Super vegetarian combination plate - and as a former resident of the Adams Morgan section of Washington DC, I've tried many.  Friendly and gentle service, quiet in mid-afternoon. I'll be back soon.Love having dinner here with my fiends and family. we really enjoy the food and atmosphere here.Definitely worth it!  We went on Sunday for the all-you-can-eat vegetarian, and we didn't miss the meat at all. Everything was so flavorful and filling. The lady serving us was so sweet too; I'm not sure why it seems like everyone else gets slow service because she was constantly bringing us more food even before we'd finished what we had.  We got our first round within 5 minutes of sitting down, and our glasses were never empty.  She explained what every dish was when we asked.
I couldn't give it 5 stars because it's definitely not something I could eat very often; I was kind of tired of it by the end of the meal.  Probably too much injera.Absolutely love this place.  We come here just about every month and haven't had a bad meal yet.  We go fit the veggie combo abdominal add either the beef tibs or fried fish. Everything is fresh and tastes authentic.I should start by saying that I had never had Ethiopian food prior to my experience at here.  I was greatly anticipating trying out something new thanks to  Group On, but I left a little disappointed.
The service was fine, but the food took awhile to arrive at the table, which my dining partners told me is typical for Ethiopian food.  Just  a heads up if you are in a hurry.
There were four of us, so we ordered one Veggie Platter and one Taste of Ethiopia meat sampler which ended up being plenty of food ~$40.  Both things came with an ample amount of the cold bread that you use to eat everything with.  The vegetable sampler was OK, a couple of the things were similar to curry, while others we just pickles.  Nothing on the plate was bad, but nothing really stood out either.  The meat sampler contained one beef, one chicken, and one lamb dish all of which I did not care for.  The chicken and lamb dishes both tasted exactly like Bleu Cheese.  I'm not sure if was supposed to taste like this or not, but it was a little off putting with the rest of the flavors.  The beef was just kind of dry and bland.
 I think it is possible that I just don't care for Ethiopian food that much, which is not the restaurants fault.  Two of the four people eating seemed to think it was average compared to their other Ethiopian dining experiences, hence the 3 stars.We love Ethiopian food are are familiar with many of the restaurants in the area.  We decided to try some where new and took Yelp's advice.  Boy are we glad we did.
The food was great!  We ordered the samosa and vegetarian platter.  We were fighting over the lentils and the greens.  The spiced Ethiopian tea was a perfect complement.  We can not wait to go back.Probably the best Ethiopian I have ever had.  Quick service, fully realized flavors, and really inexpensive. Having been to all west philly standards this is by far my favorite.  The injera is notably fresh and flavorful. Decor is minimalist, like every other Ethiopian restaurant.I live a mile away from 5 Ethiopian restaurant and this BYOB is by far my favorite.  Service is excellent and fast.  I always get tour of Ethiopian and vegetarian combo with fish supplement.We tried Ethio and are now hooked.  It's not perfect the first time as a restaurant, but since we have been going there for a while now, it has been perfected.  We always order the same thing, the veggie combo and a pitcher of water.  So now, they know exactly what we are going to order and the service is flawless.  I don't worry about the language barrier, since i have lived abroad and am perfectly fine with communicating, even in the absence of language, so I don't really have a problem with the service.  The veggie combo, however, is the best!!!  Everything is extremely fresh and delicious.  And the price is so ridiculously cheap, that you just can't beat it.  If you like Ethiopian, make sure you try this out!I've recently been introduced to ethiopian food, and now I'm hooked.  I have no idea really what I'm eating, but I don't care because it all tastes so yummy!!!
The menu is small and that makes it very easy to decide.  I recommend getting the veggie platter because it's a sampler of all the veggie items on the menu.  Then you can pick a meet dish if you'd like.  The meat dishes were good, but the veggie dish was still my favorite.
The big bonus for us was that we saw the cook/owner bring out a plate of sizzling ribs, so I asked her if those were on the menu and she offered to bring us some ribs to try.  Well, 10 minutes later, she showed up with a full plate of ribs for our group and we had already eaten dinner and dessert, but none of us hesitated when the ribs came out because they smelled so amazing, and they tasted even better!!  I'm not sure if they'll make these for anyone, but you can definitely ask.  So next time I'm going to get the veggie platter and ribs!The food at this place is phenomenal! My husband and I recently moved to West Philly and have sampled many of the local restaurants -- this one is, by far, our favorite, and we order here once a week. Don't come expecting ambiance or quick service (we often do take-out), but do come expecting the most delicious Ethiopian food in Philly. The Tour of Ethiopia combo is our go-to dish, but all the food is really excellent (especially the doro wot). The injera is the best I've ever had, too. Portions are huge -- kind of amazing value for the price. 
Like some of the other reviewers mentioned, I'm not sure why this place isn't consistently more packed! I've been to Abyssinia, and I've found the food to be dry and not at all fresh. Sure, it has slightly better ambiance, and serves beer, but if you want excellent food Ethio is your spot. 
For a fun night on this block, I recommend dinner at Ethio, a drink (either before or after) at Fiume (the hidden bar on top of Abyssinia) and baklava from Manakeesh for dessert.We went to Ethio Café and Restaurant the other night. We chose this restaurant over its neighboring Ethiopian restaurant because it is a BYOB, which we consider a plus.
We were waited on right away and ordered:
Beef Tibs and Kitfo (rare)
Sides
Gomen Wot
Tikil Gomen Wot
Alisha Kik Wot
Misir Wot
The food did take a little extra time for it all to come out.  We were not in a hurry, which when dining out, you shouldn't be, so we enjoyed the atmosphere and company.
When we got our bill, everything was priced reasonable to the point that I over-tipped because the food was delicious and the waitress/owner was awesome.
I would highly recommend going there to enjoy a night out and very delicious Ethiopian Food.I've only ordered take out from here, and I'm hoping that most of their customers do the same.  I say that because I never see this place busy but I want them to do well. 
To date, I've ordered the Lamb Tibs, Beef tibs (they were out of lamb that day), Chicken tibs and Chicken Doro Wat.  I find the flavors to be superior to that of neighboring Ethiopian restaurants.  Actually I dare say it's the best one of the many I've tried.  My only complaint is that the while the Doro Wat is tasty, the one drumstick and an egg was a bit unsatisfactory.  I think adding a thigh would bring the meal to perfect for me.  The doro wat sauce does have a nice buttery flavor that I could just eat with injera, thus saving the dish.  The other tibs are very good, flavor and portion. 
Like everyone says, the ambiance is boring but if you have some wine and good company, that will liven things up for you I'm sure.  If you order for pickup, they tend to say 20-25 minutes, but I give them at least 40 minutes so I don't end up sitting around waiting.  I do, of course, have the advantage of living within walking distance though.Great food, go with Ethiopia platter. The platter has all the delicacies they have to offer. The food and service were just great. For the price the quality and quantity of the food was nothing short of Amazing.HUGE portion sizes, I feasted like a king here. I had the vegan sampler platter and it was too good to be true. Service was fast and the atmosphere is a little dingy but personal and cheap.By far the best Ethiopian restaurant in the area:
1)It's clean
2)The food is delicious
3)There's a lot of it
4)Everything is fresh
5)Everyone (including the wonderful older woman in the kitchen) is kind, caring and attentive (as in, I was hugged before I left)
I went there on a Friday night with my boyfriend and while there was large party of loud, wine-drunk Pennbabyundergrads we were still well attended to. The BF ordered the lamb-- they didn't have anymore but she suggested he try the beef tibs assuring him that it would be really tender and especially delicious. My God, she was right. It was all so good and perfectly spiced and the injera wasn't sour and cold like *other* Ethiopian places. It isn't as cheap as the others but the quality of food (and the security that neither rat nor roach will be joining you for dinner) is WELL worth the extra $.
yes. yes and yes.I used a visit by a friend who has lived in Ethiopia as the impetus to go back to Ethio Cafe and enjoyed the array of typical dishes, all prepared with care.  The Vegetable Combination platter is your best bet, consisting of several different wot (stew) dishes:  yellow peas (Alicha Kik), spicy lentils (Misir), collard greens (Gomen), and spicy cabbage (Tikil Gomen), to name a few, all lying on enjera, the soft, spongy bread also used to scoop up the various preparations ( the restaurant serves copious amounts of enjera, and I for one, am completely addicted to the sourish-tasting bread).  
The Chicken simmered in an onion sauce redolent with spices is very good, if a bit pricey for the amount of chicken served (the same is true for the Yebeg Alicha, an herby lamb stew).  The meat dishes expand the taste palette offered by the vegetarian dishes very nicely.  Eating around a mesob, the traditional basket table of Ethiopia, is a lovely communal affair, best enjoyed in leisure and conversation.
I like the spices Ethiopians put in tea and would love to order it already brewed instead of having to dunk my own Lipton bag into the spice water (that Lipton bag somewhat detracts from the general atmosphere of the meal).Easily the best Ethiopian food in University city. It is really clean place , with good decor and great service. The servers are very friendly and helpful. 
Most importantly though, the food is delicious. And the prices are quite reasonable. Love this place.I've never been to a slower and ill-tasting food establishment in my life.Ethio Cafe is so delicious and welcoming! The food is fantastic, the service is great, and you really get your money's worth. Also it's a great BYO place!Not to be mean but now I get why half of their name is "Carry Out." When you first walk in, the place looks pretty nice. I liked the colorful walls and the unique seating. We decided to sit at a regular table and immediately noticed the stickiness of the table. Our waitress was nice but spoke limited English which made me wonder how she would handle complicated [dietary] food questions. She brought out water which was for a lack of a better word, disgusting. It was lukewarm and tasted like it came out of a basement sink. So we ordered mango juice instead and even THAT wasn't good. We wanted to try a little bit of everything so we ordered the Veggie Sampler and the Tour of Ethiopia. It came out in a family plate and it was not impressive in terms of portions and variety. We wished we would have went with the regular entrees. I already knew that some Ethiopian food has a "mush" consistency but everything on this plate was mush except the tiny "salad" and the small handful of beef tips that were the size of my fingernail. This would be well suited for a toddler who still doesn't have teeth. We ate most of it but weren't feeling the leftovers. The waitress seemed to get offended when I declined her offer to doggie bag it because she asked me point blank "Was it not good?" Awkward. Anyway if we were to ever come here again I would probably do take out and pick a real entree. Though realistically I would rather just try the place next door.Came here a year ago with a large group.
Had the vegetarian selection. Food was okay.  Some dishes were better than others.' Tastes fresh even if not that flavourful.  Better than others I've tried nearby, but still not amazing. (Haven't found great Ethiopian food in Philly yet.)
Service: friendly and very nice.  
Pleasant place to sit, it's kind of homey. 
2.5 starsI LOVE THIS PLACE. 
I have eaten a lot of ethiopian food, in philly and elsewhere. i like ethiopian food plenty. but the food here was fantastic!!! 
we were there on a slow night. i got the veggie combo, my gf got a meat combo that the owner/cook brought out that had doro watt and tibs and some other lamb dish. we couldn't stop eating! the injera was fresh and home-made, the salad appetizers were incredibly fresh and flavorful (a beet/potato dish, a lentil dish, a chick pea dish, and a tomato salad with onion and jalepeno). nothing looked remarkable, but everything was so flavorful that i couldn't believe it.
i will be be eating here as often as possible!!!!!!!! and i can't wait to try out their breakfast.Neighborhood Ethiopian restaurant suitable for families. I've been here several times & the food has always been prepared fresh; sometimes your server is even the chef! Vegetarian combo is a go-to, but take your pick from 20+ meat dishes for insane flavor & nice spices. Service is also incredibly courteous.Service = talking point for all Ethiopian restaurants? Definitely Ethio Café followed this hit-or-miss trend. Service from table to table varied. My friends of four and I were very flexible and not terribly hungry, but clearly the couple - and their empty glasses - next to us were forgotten. . 
I really have no other Ethiopian experience to compare this place to, but it's objectively good. As first timers, we started with two piping hot samosas. Tummy happy. Then, instead of a restaurant's typical bread and butter, or nachos and salsa, we were given injeera bread (think pale, spongy, human skin...yep, it's also cold) and various cup-sized tidbits, such as pickeled veggies, hummus varieties, and an unfamiliar paste. Definitely beat out the ol' carby-fill-yourself-up-before-the-main-meal free appetizers. 
The meat and veggie samplers made me gorge myself, unfortunately. THEY MADE ME. The spices were so new and foreign and EVERYTHING was swimming in a thick, thick sauce that begged a scoop-up with the injeera. 
Baby food tastes like a good mystery! Oops. I meant the veggie sampler. 
We used a restaurant.com gift certificate, so hence the go-here motivation. But shall I be coming back? MMmmm...not crazy about the service and the lighting (did they mistake me for a nocturnal animal? a bat?). But sure. After I develop my Ethiopian taste buds elsewhere.I just discovered Ethiopian food recently. Ethio does a pretty delicious job at serving up decently priced noms. I love their veggie combo, though the Yebeg Alicha (lamb stew) was a little chewy. The injera is fine, not the best i've ever had but it gets the job done.Service was quick and the options flavorful!
Try the tasting platter, has the best options; both the veggie and meat are super tasty and worth the price! BYO and good spot for fun or private dinnersI have not once been compelled to go home after dinner and write a review. I am here writing because Ethio is the best ethiopian food I have had-and I've tried a lot as it is my favorite food. Everything was so fresh; the service was excellent; the atmosphere understated in a way that makes it completely pleasant, homey and comfortable, the cook and owner super pleasant and attentive. And to top it off, it was an amazing amount of food for a crazy-low price. We felt guilty paying so little so we just tipped well.  Go to Ethio. Sooooo good!!!!!The food is delicious. Also the portions they serve are very big.The cleanest Ethiopian restaurant in Philly area. The food did not take unusually long to arrive (about 10 mins or so).I order from them and this is the second time my food was cold and smaller than normal portions as well as missing lentils. I called the owner to let her know and she argued with me and said the food wasn't cold. I told her this wasn't the first time. They don't have proper heating in the make shift kitchen. The first time she admitted to it this time she basically didn't care to apologize and kept saying the food was fresh. I told her I didn't say it wasn't fresh I said it was cold. If you want warm good Ethiopian food go to Abssynia or Kaffa Crossing or Almaz Cafe. They have great food and excellent customer service.DO NOT EAT HERE, YOU WILL BE LOCKED INSIDE!
Last night, I checked Ethio Cafe out on Yelp to see how late they were open (11pm) and even called to see if they were open and had room which they answered yes to both.
So we got in the car at 8pm, drove down there, found the restaurant which had customers inside, had the outside lights on and an electronic "Open" sign lit up in the window.  However, when I tried to open the door it was locked.  
I called them from my cell phone and asked if they were open (there were customers I could clearly see eating inside!)  They said, "No, we're closed." I told them I was outside and could see people inside, and all the lights and signs were still on.  They told me again they were full and closed, got off the phone then proceeded to turn off all the lights in front of me.  Again, this was at 8:30pm now when it says they're open until 11pm.
The icing on the cake is that while we were standing there, a customer inside tried to leave the restaurant.  He tried for about 5 minutes, had to go back in, find the waitress (which took him another 5) and she had to manually unlock the door for him with a key so he could get out.  I can only imagine the fire violations they were breaking by LOCKING customers inside the restaurant so they needed to get permission to get out!
Before she closed the door I said to her "You can't lock your customers inside the restaurant, what if there's a fire?!"  She said "yes, yes, I understand" then proceeded to close the door and lock it with the key again!
I would highly highly recommend that no one eat inside this restaurant.  If they don't know they can't lock people inside, I'm sure they don't know about health codes either!
Long story short, I do not wish to frequent this restaurant, if you could, please refund me my money and please do not continue to do business with this establishment again!Like so many Ethiopian restaurants the service is slow, so don't go too hungry.  We had the all you can eat vegan deal for $8.99 on a Wednesday night.  It was mentioned on the website, but I wasn't sure what to order since it wasn't on the menu.  I said a couple of times - all you can eat $8.99 and the server pointed to the veggie combo which is listed at $12.  We weren't even sure what we were getting.  It was served in two or three courses.  The first being mostly salad, the second veggies and the last beans and lentils.  We were pleasantly surprised!  It was all fresh and delish!  The server would bring us any dish that we wanted more of and except for a bit more salad, it was plenty of food.  They give you lots of injera!
I'm subtracting one star for the confusing nature of the all you can eat deal.  If I had not seen the website, I wouldn't have realized that it was available.  Menu is a bit confusing too and the food brought out to you is not announced or explained - had to ask. The water was never refilled and the drink that I ordered was never served, but not listed on the bill either.
Like everything else - getting the bill was slow...had to chase down the server.  You may want to ask for it at the end of the meal.  The fresh and tasty food make up for the other flaws.This is a nice place to have authentic Ethiopean food at an affordable price. The service is very good; our waiter discussed with us the issues between Ethiopia and Eritrea since we asked about it.  The place has some relics that give it a flavor of Ethiopia.  The food was yummy, some spicy and some not so much. We ate the vegetarian sampler so we had a lot of good choices all in one very inexpensive meal.I hope we went on a bad day. They seemed understaffed and overwhelmed. We arrived around 8 pm on a Friday, and by 8:30 (we were still waiting to order, mind you) one of the two waitresses working that night locked the front door, keeping customers out, but also locking everyone in. So when one customer was ready to leave, we watched as he attempted to open the locked door, and then when he asked twice to be let out. It took 15 minutes for this poor man to get out. As for the food, we got the Tour of Ethiopia for two, and while the food was decent, the portions were undersized and overpriced, it took forever to arrive, and our entree was missing a key component. It was supposed to have chicken, beef, and lamb, but we didn't get any lamb, which was substituted by some kind of pico de gallo type side dish. But our waitress didn't tell us this when we ordered the dish. We asked her about it later, when she finally came back after we were done, and she said "Oh we don't have that." Oh, okay. Would have been nice to know that before we paid $30 for an incomplete dish. We got baklava to go, and it was $5 for 50 cents worth of food. The good thing about this restaurant is that it is BYOB. We brought an excellent bottle of red wine, and everytime something ridiculous happened, we took a drink. Needless to say, we were drunk when we left.Been a little while since i have reviewed anything.  BUT i feel this place needs some props.   My friend Nafiz (who is eritrean) has been talking this place up for about 2 or 3 weeks now.  So last night after we broke fast(ramadan) we went directly to this cozy little spot to gorge.  Okay, been to dahlak about a gazillion times and i love it.  Been to abysinian liked it.  Came to this place? cant say enough good things about it.  Food=amazing, service was outstanding and the price was just right.  I've never had kitfo this good.  I will be returning here again and again and again.Amazing food! I would recommend the shimbra asa, shiro wot, misir wot and the sambusa. Good service and ambience.Tastey!  No liquor license, so the food has to he good. There are plenty of options in this neighborhood for Ethiopian food.  That means to make it they have to be good. The atmosphere is pretty relaxed, so don't be in a big hurry. The lamb tibs with gomen and alicha are a favorite along w the  d'oro w'att (spicy chicken in red sauce) and beef tibs. Bring your own if you want wine or beer. You can also grab a six pack at one of the bars at the corner.I've experienced better. I've been to a handful of Ethiopian places before, and my boyfriend and I used to eat it pretty often.  To make this short and straight to the point:
- slow service, not enough waitstaff, but they were apologetic and nice.
- we never had kitfo cooked before, but it tasted pretty good. but it wasn't  "rare" like my boyfriend ordered. They said that day they weren't serving it raw. it wasn't as spicy as other places
- beef tibs were too chewy/overcooked
- They were out of a lot of things on the menu, like half of the meat dishes were out. We arrived around 8pm on a Friday.
- not too many side dishes with our 2 entrees (kitfo and beef tibs). at other places they usually gave us a variety of stuff on our plate.
- when we were practically done with our entrees, the waitress brought out 2 more sides. eh, she couldve brought it out altogether.
- injera was good
- place was clean
sorry, but we won't be returning again.I absolutely love the Ethio Cafe!  I have dined in once and gotten carry out twice and each time has been fabulous.  Each time I have ordered the veggie combo and each time it contains a different assortment of delicious food.  I have eaten this dish at probably a dozen different restaurants and none have come close to the variety that Ethio has. 
In addition to the consistently tasty food, the service is excellent.  They are extremely kind and polite; you never have to ask for more injera.
One more thing, the portion size for the veggie combo was so big that I shared it with a friend and we couldn't even finish it! This made for an extremely delicious, inexpensive, pleasant, and filling dinner!My absolute favorite Ethiopian restaurant! The service is amazing, the food is hot and delish, and the price is right!West Philly. 
I love play food. I love those foods where u get so much different types of things in small portions. It makes it fun for my tongue to constantly switch taste. That's why I love Korean food and those little side dishes they give. Back to Ethiopian food, I found that my five veggie Poo poo's on the take out veggie platter had only two I loved loved loved: LENTILS and COLLARD GREENS. Four stars for these two tasty items! They made those two really good here!! So I can see myself ordering like a pint of them each time. Without the injera and all the other stuff. The search for other tasty items at Ethiopian restaurants continues....Venture out for some new exciting flavors.
I came here with a large group a couple weeks ago and was a little hesitant about going to Ethio because all the good things I heard about Abyssinia, right next door. Upon entering, the restaurant had a few other parties, but other than the quiet chatter, it was basically silent, which made it very awkward. It wasn't until halfway through our meal when they started to play music. Also, seating was arranged in a weird way and we had to move around tables before sitting, even though we had made a reservation.
Ordering was a little difficult because there was a clear language barrier and it was hard to learn about what the different dishes were. We eventually settled on the Tour of Ethiopia, Gored Gored, and the Veggie Combo. It took about 20 minutes for the food to come out, but given the preparation that goes into it, we were more than patient for our food.
The Tour of Ethiopia was beautifully presented on top of a huge bed of injera, but the portions were a little underwhelming. The beef tips were by far the tastiest on the plate and were the first to go. They were cooked to the perfect tenderness, and had that slight burnt flavor which I love in meats. The kitfo was also quite tasty, but when paired with the injera, some of it was lost. The doro wot wasn't too memorable; the chicken itself wasn't too strong in flavor, but the sauce made for great dipping.
I'm a huge fan of raw meat delicacies and I was fairly satisfied with the spicy gored gored. The meat wasn't too tough and the spices really cut through the meat flavor and made for a great compliment with the injera. I feel bad for vegetarians because honestly the meat is where the flavor and the substance is at. The veggie platter was a great compliment to the meats, but I can't imagine just eating the veggies. The tastiest on the platter were definitely the collard greens, chickpeas, and green beans.
Overall, it was a great dining experience, using our hands and injera to scoop up the food. However, the portions and pricing weren't exactly what I was expecting from a hole-in-the-wall restaurant located next door to a prominent restaurant of the same cuisine. I still have yet to try Abyssinia, but I will keep you updated!
Pros: unique cuisine, homemade food feeling, friendly staff
Cons: portions, hard-to-understand servers, lack of atmosphere
Dishes to try: gored gored, beef tips
Dished to skip: doro wot, veggies in generalHighly recommend this!
My fellow vegan dining companion and I scoped out a few vegan Ethiopian restaurants in the area before deciding to try Ethio. We recently moved from Los Angeles, where the fantastic Ethiopian restaurants on Fairfax tantalize and offer unparalleled all-vegan option Rosalind's. As newcomers to West Philly, we are so glad that we chose to dine at the lovely and delicious Ethio!
In a nutshell (or should I say mesob?): Ethio served delicious veg cuisine, perfectly crisp cabbage, green beans and carrots, and other veggies and soft, well-prepared lentils and fluffy injera. A great, friendly vibe, and attentive staff, too! I haven't been to other Ethiopian restaurants in the area but I've heard the service isn't the same as it is at Ethio (superb). The veggie combo yielded tons of delicious food, and my dining mate and I ended up with at least half the meal to take home (and we both enjoyed ample portions of the delectable fare!)I am a vegetarian and hence I order the veggie combo platter.
The food was really awesome and the service was excellent.
This place is slightly costlier than Abyssinia (which is also good), but the ambiance and the food makes up for the difference !!!I called at 8pm to see if they were open, showed up at 830 to see the "closed" sign in the window, as well as a sign stating that they are no longer accepting restaurant.com certificates (which is why we were going in the first place).Finally made it to Ethio Cafe.  While the decor was minimal, the womyn who helped with the ordering was friendly.
The food was very good and the cost was very reasonable.  The portions were as expected, not too large and not too small.
The injera was good but a little bit sour.  It did, however, compliment the vegetarian combination platter.
I still like Rice N' Spice better, but this will do in a pinch, since it is nearby.Great service, even on a busy night. Vegetarian meal for three was perfect. New favorite Ethiopian spot in west Philly.Fresh! Fresh! Fresh! 
Much fresher tasting than all of the other Ethiopian restaurants in the area. The lentils were firm-- not over cooked or bloated. Their sauce was  moderately spicey but with a sweet cinnamony flavor that made them far more intriguing than the average lentil dish. The collard greens are nearly whole leaves which I prefer because they don't end up absorbing enough fat to turn squishy as they are wont to do when chopped up. The injera was delicious. It was definitely fresh and was springy enough to hold up even when doused with rich stews.
The only thing that is preventing me from assigning five stars is the atmosphere. It's casually cute. In fact I would probably be quite comfortable eating there. The head chef/owner is lovely to chat with and seems to be honestly interested in what you think of her food. All of this being said, the dining area itself is so like a home dining room, that I have trouble thinking of it as a destination. 
But, I will certainly return for carryout many many times. 
Super fresh and delicious and totally affordable.Pretty good, not the absolute best Ethiopian I've ever had, but pretty good. Dining room was a little awkward, no one else was in there. Staff was very friendly though, but also kind of awkward. Ordered vegi combo and mango juice. Price was great, 10$ for the combo. I think mango juice was like from a bottle and not what i was expecting. Yeah i probably won't be back, but just because there are so many other Ethiopian places in the area.Excellent courteous service. Great food. Decent ambience. 
I recommend the "Tour of Ethiopia", totally worth it. It is enough to stuff 2 adults with hearty appetites.