Delicious wraps and fries!! Wraps are nothing fancy but there are tons of options! They are European style wraps so not those big heavy things you're used to. Also try the fry dipping sauces! So many! Good prices too!This place doesn't look very appetizing from the outside but don't let the exterior fool you. This place has good food and a pleasant staff.I came here for lunch one afternoon while visiting Philadelphia from San Francisco.  In San Francisco, we have a yummy place that does Belgium fries with dipping sauces and so that is what initially caught my eye as I was walking by.
I had the tomato/basil wrap and my husband had the buffalo chicken wrap. We shared a big portion of fries and had three yummy sauces.  The wraps were so fresh, healthy and delicious; the fries were crispy and not overly greasy.  The owner and his daughter were really pleasant, and we enjoyed chatting with them for a bit.  If I lived in Philadelphia, I would come here often.I made out with a sparkling instead of casual spring, thanks to the clerk's leniancy. Try every dipping sauce before you die.Maybe it was an off day? The food did not suit my taste. I had a chicken wrap and my sister had a veggie wrap. The space is tight so, if you are bringing more than a few people with you, it might be difficult to find a seat.Wraps = Awesome
Honey Green Tea = AWESOME
Frites&Sauce Variety = REALLY AWESOME!Stopped by here for a quick lunch while working in the neighborhood. I had the falafel wrap and mushroom barley soup and enjoyed both. For $8 (included a drink) I would say this place is great for a quick cheap meal, not great enough for me to make a special trip back unless working in this part of town. My coworker had the fries and RAVED about them for hours after the meal.  It's not the best place for dining in as there were only a few crowded tables but I would come back for takeout which seemed to be the more popular option.A simple,but refreshing place to pick up lunch. I had the Roasted Vegetable wrap, frites and drink. My husband had the Chicken salad wrap,frites and drink.  With the frites we had the jalapeño cheddar and mango chutney dipping sauces. Seating space was limited so we got our order to go. We were not disappointed in the quality or quantity of food. The food was freshly made and the dressings for the wrap were flavorful. The gentleman who took our order was friendly. I'm glad we tried this this eatery for Philly trip.Europe is fresh in my mind beccause I just returned from there a few weeks ago, so I was excited to try this place and test the authenticity of their frites.  I ordered a spicy chicken wrap with goat cheese, frites and a drink, all for $7.50!  Great deal.  People have commented that the wraps are small, but it was very filling for me.  The spiciness of the chicken wasn't really there, but it was still good.  I ordered a second dipping sauce (garlic mayo) because I am a huge sauce freak and because the wrap wasn't quite saucy enough for me.  The frites were crispy and good.  I ordered the European ketchup which is mayo,  ketchup and onion.  It definitely reminded me of eating fries with mayo in Europe.  The desserts in the case looked really good, but I held myself back.   If I ever find myself in this area of Philly again, I will for sure return!Consistantly Good!  I've been here three times now and tried many a dip and most of the veg wraps.  Took the inlaws for a quick late night bite one evening and they liked it too.  The only thing I have to say is about the service- the guy working the counter the last time I was in was on his cell phone the whole time, very distant, and nowhere near as friendly/adorable as the girl that was there the first two times.   Btw the free frite special is over but last time I was there, they had another special going on.This an affordable option for a quick lunch: homemade soups, tasty freshly made wraps and a drink for around 7 bucks.I had lentil soup which was nice, and fried with Ceasar dressing. It was all very good, not outstanding but would definitely go again for a short meal or pick-me-up. The service was perfectly fine.We've gone twice. Fries are good but the kitchen messed up our special dietary request. Not terrible but we probably won't return.Delicious food, confusing (but super friendly!) service.
Have picked up food here a few times:
First time -- I ordered a penne with salmon, and a organic greens salad. While taking my order, the woman at the counter asked if I wanted chicken on the salad, but I declined.  Instead,  I received linguine in a clam sauce (didn't notice however as I took it to go and didn't check onsite), and the salad as ordered w/o chicken. Although not my order (!) the linguine was absolutely delicious -- noodles cooked perfectly, and the perfect amount of clam sauce with lots of clams.
Second time: I ordered the veggie chicken wrap and fries, with the jalapeño cheese sauce. Asked about the organic greens salad and was not offered a chicken option, so I think the first time explanation was a mistake ;) Wrap was amazing - not your ordinary dry chicken boring veggies; this one had squash and eggplant as other yumminess. Fries were also quite good - stayed crispy after the 10 min trek home, and the sauce was nicely spicy, but more aioli than cheese. 
Regardless of the misrepresentation in foods, whatever I have ended up getting has always been amazing. Will def keep going back!when you want fries, this place is awesome.  they are generously sized servings, so go and share.  The european sauce is the way to go of the tastings it was my absolute favorite.  It was a nice mayo/aioli and it was amazing. the service is incredibly friendly, and perhaps even a little chatty.  a nice place to hang out and eat your fries--particularly if you need to absorb some old city drinking!My fault I suppose, but I saw a pic of chicken strips and frites and it was called triple frites so thought I was getting chicken and chips but sadly all fritesDon't make the same mistake as me.  The chicken wrapped ordered as well  was good though.I had a spicy grilled chicken wrap. It was really good except not spicy at all. Couldn't even detect a hint of a flavor that could be considered spicy. Other than that, it was a big portion the sauce was great, fries were great also. I was in and out on my lunch break in less than 10 minutes and it was inexpensive, 8$ for a wrap fries and a drink. The gentleman behind the counter was helpful with choosing a sauce as well.I've had a mental bookmark to try European Republic ever since first walking by when they opened. I love anything that has variety and when a menu lists about 22 different dips just for the frites, I'm in. 
It took us a little while to finally check them out. But when sunny, warm, SPRING weather beckons its hard to resist. We walked all the way over to Old City from Rittenhouse and worked up a bit of an appetite doing so, which provided the perfect excuse to drop by European Republic. Most of the tables inside were filled, so I snagged the one remaining while the bf ordered himself their special of the day, a chicken caesar wrap with frites, only $5!! We took the recommendation of the guy behind the counter and opted to try the roasted garlic dip. YOU MUST HAVE THAT DIP. Unless you're a vampire, in which case I'm sure any of the other 21 dips would work well. They have every kind of sauce you can think of: bbq, caesar, honey dijon, curry, basil, caviar, peanut, parmesan, avocado...waaaay too many to remember off the top of one's head. 
The wrap was ok according to the bf. Nothing fantastic, but definitely worth the cheap price. The frites were pretty fantastic; I prefer them cut slightly thinner, but they were FRESH (warning: hot oil!) and crispy outside, tender inside. The dips are definitely the stars of this place. I wish they would offer some sort of dip sampler so that you could try more in one sitting - like choose 10 of the dips, receive maybe half as much as they normally give you per each, and pay a slightly reduced price compared to the $0.50 per additional dip they charge. It could be like an add-on option when you order the frites. THAT'D be awesome. Regardless, this is a solid place for cheap, filling, quick tasty eats. And the guys working there are super, duper nice too. BONUS!I work in the Old City and this is my favorite lunch spot - honey grilled chicken wrap is to die for! Affordable options for this area, and always prompt friendly service!Lines get pretty long during lunch, but the service and food is always amazing. I usually HATE wraps, but European Republic does them very differently. If you're in the area, this would be my top pick to try out.European Republic has got to be one of the the best places to get a wrap in the city.  The daily special #2 (1/2 wrap, small fries & small drink) satisfies on days when I just want a simple, filling lunch. 
In addition to the delicious food, the service is super-friendly.I've been working in Old City for a year and how I managed to walk past this gem numerous times is beyond me.  The frites are AWSMAZING (awesome+amazing).  They have numerous dipping sauces for you to choose from, my faves are the BBQ Cheddar Sauce and the Cajun Sauce.  I'm so tempted to go in there one day and ask to buy a industrial size jar of their sauces.Great place for something quick, cheap, and delicious! Portion size is on the smaller side but the price is so good it doesn't even matter. People that work there seemed very friendly as well.This is definitely my favorite place to grab a quick bite when I'm in old city. The place isn't atmospheric inside but the food is cheap and good (you can get a large portioned combo meal for $7 or $8). Their Belgian style fries are always on point too, like I've dreamt about those fries.LOVE this local cafe - delicious drinks & nibbles, complemented by a fun atmosphere and great service. Try the paninis.Delicious wraps and unbelievable fries are to be found in this little corner shop. They have fountain beverages and bottled juices. Never have I been to a place with more dipping sauces for fries. These might be the BEST fries that I've ever had. I wish that they had warm cheese sauce in addition, but beggars can't be choosers. If you're ever looking for a fast meal in Old City, and you're craving fries....EAT HERE!Fries here are fantastic! Crispy chicken wrap and carrot cake are ok but I would not recommend them.Definitely a go-to for lunch or a cheap and easy dinner. I love the quick service and their fries and dips are so amazing. The wraps aren't anything too special, but I think they're delicious and I love the variety.The food here is so sad. I don't understand why it's so popular.Yeah, 5 stars. I'll qualify that, but let's also just let that rating stand for a second.
...
...
...good, right? OK, here we go: European Republic is a small-ish chain that specializes in...well, far as I can tell, fries. Sure, "frites," but no matter how you say it, you're eating the same spud.
And it's awesome! So often, I think to myself, "how hard is it to mess up a French fry?" Still so many do. Not ER, though. It's pretty much their calling card, so they kick that ball over the fence, then fly over the fence and pop the ball with eye-lasers, because pretenders to the throne need not even try. Delicious, crispy-out-creamy-in fries with a veritable culinary bukkake of sauces, from the most mundane to the ones that have you concocting schemes to somehow replace your blood with them.
The rest of the stuff? Truthfully, I don't know why they even try, and why customers even bother. Wraps, sandwiches, simple salads...if you want a meal, you have far better options just on this block. It should be no surprise that the sandwiches are somehow lacking...which I found out on my 1st trip here. Haven't ordered anything but a cone of fries and iced tea since, and I've never been any less than thrilled with my choice since.
My personal tip: go an hour before they close, enjoy your fries, sauce and tea, then walk another block down Chestnut to Eulogy, an absolutely amazing beer bar. I'm not the biggest beer fan in the world, but the perfection of that evening itinerary is tough to beat, no matter how meticulously planned or well-funded.
Oh, and if you ever see me there, come over and say "hi!" I'll share my frites with you...you might want your own sauce, but hey! If you're not some kind of creep with loads of visible mouth sores, I'm not against sharing my sauce either.I was looking for somewhere cheap for lunch, and this pop up on Yelp. I went here an the place is uber tiny with a few tables. The woman behind the counter was incredibly friendly, so the customer service was good. I decided to order a spicy chicken wrap with goat cheese and frites with peanut sauce. The food came out in less than 10 minutes, so wait time is not an issue. The wrap was just kinda meh. The chicken was a bit dry and there really was not much of a spicy kick. The frites were definitely the best part of the meal. They were huge and crispy, also they went well with the peanut sauce. It is not a bad place, and I might come back to lunch.Amazing food, cheap prizes, large portions and the staff as super friendly. It's a cute little place off of Chestnut. I would highly recommend.Awesome find. In from Chicago for a wedding weekend and hotel staff recommended this place. Went for lunch - Caesar wrap and fries with European ketchup, OMG. Hubby had garlic sauce. Both excellent. Ask for extra sauce with wrap cause bread a little dry but authentic and thin. We loved it so much we went back for a snack of fries after wedding and before reception. We knew we couldn't be back to Philly for awhile so had to pack in this deliciousness. Staff very friendly and helpful in giving recommendations. Wish we had it in our town. Good value, too.seeking for a byob, and not a hoity toity restaurant i quickly got on my yelp app on my iphone and slimmed everything down to one $. 
the jersey shore looking fella providing service was nice, and patient (i have one of those sally (when harry met sally) ordering friends). 
I ordered a fresh green salad with chicken, about 5$ a lobster bisque 4$ and a hot tea (i didnt ask for honey but i dont think they do). 
we pretty much wanted to just take a couple of shots of hennessy and the guy said we could but was murky about the legality of the whole thing, he kinda gave a shoulder shrug, however the place was not necesserily prepared with shot glasses (who woulda' thunk it!) but we used little dipping containers which did the job.
 the soup was not exactly a biqsue, not thick enough, but was pretty good, the salad was great, of regular size (a bit smaller than say fresh works, but also cheaper) and the chicken was nice and a not-ripped-off hearty amount of it. 
all in all, it's a small dining room, with additional window seating, but a great place to grab quick food, which is what we were looking for, and in addition, if you wanted to bring your own beer with you, or take shots out of dipping cups, well there you go!I was worried when I walked in close to their closing time on a Saturday night. I thought, this place might not be good because there was no one in there at all. But maybe because it was near closing time. 
The FRITES were great! For 5 bucks, the large frites was totally a great deal. + 2 dipping sauces.. Had the European Mayo and Ketchup sauce... they were awesome!  Good price, good quantity, great quality.
Their pommes frites is almost spot on to the same pommes frites you find in Belgium. I say almost, because I think European Republic comes very close, and is on par with the very popular Pommes Frites in New York City. 
I'm surprised after living in Philly for 5 years, that I only find this place now. Will definitely be coming back.
Didn't have the wraps, so can't comment on that.It's really impressive that their list of dipping sauces for les pommes frites is at least as long as the English alphabet. 
While the "fire" sauce didn't sound any alarms, and though the caviar sauce's most redeeming quality was its pretty lilly pink color, the JAMAICAN CURRY SAUCE made me dizzy with delight. 
No seriously. It's crucial you get the Jamaican curry sauce to add more fat to your fat fries that have been fried in fatty oils, which makes them so freaking delicious. 
(All this fat is why you order a perfectly healthy roasted vegetable wrap with bread so thin that Dr. Atkins would approve, but uniquely tasty enough that a French baker would smile and say "oui oui".)Have been twice for a quick wrap and fries.  Each time, the wrap was okay - not great, not bad.  Most recently I had the felafel wrap.  Spicy on the outside but dry and bland on the inside.  The fries are tasty and it's fun to pick from the long list of dipping sauces.  Service is quick and friendly.  Overall, a decent place to grab a quick lunch on the go, but not a place worth going out of your way to get to.My order come after 2 hour.. i order penne allla vodka they give me rigatoni.  What the hell?  Cicken ok.. but rigatoni its not  penne alla votkaI try to eat here at least once a week and consider it a true hidden gem of Old City eating. They present an incredible value ($7 for a wrap, fries, sauce and drink) that is filling and a plethora of options that makes it very difficult to go anywhere else. 
The wraps themselves have always been consistently very good. While the chicken tends to be slightly dry the veggies have always been crisp and fresh. The fries themselves are the real star here. They are always perfectly salted, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The large number of dipping sauce options are all very tasty. My personal recommendation is the European Ketchup as it adds a sweet and slightly smoky flavor that compliments the salty fries quite well.The frites were pretty good and I was fairly impressed with the 20 or so dipping options.  The wraps, well, could have been better.  When a restaurant's food fails to inspire or insult me, I find myself looking at other facets of the business.  Enter, European Republic.
The service was friendly within the confines of the counter, as you better not expect them to bring your food out to your table.  The small, "European-style" cafe features more than expected seating, although it appears that most patrons opt for take-out.  Overall, a worthwhile venture in light of other local offerings but not a standout in my book.After seeing Euro Republic pop up on the Yelp feed a few times, I decided to make a trip over post work.  I met a friend at Euro, and we each got a wrap.  I decided on the Grilled Chicken with Brie and Honey Dijon, and my friend got the Salmon wrap.  The wraps themselves were nothing to write home about.  The chicken was dry...actually the whole wrap itself was dry.  I cant speak for the salmon wrap being that I don't like salmon, but my friend wasn't impressed either.  This brings me to the dip selection for their fries.  Sure, they have 23 of them... but in reality, most are just dry spices mixed into mayo.  Blech.  We got the Jalapeno Cheddar (the best out of the four), Mango Chutney (yuck), Roasted Garlic (tasted like mayo), and Avocado (green mayo).  Meh.  The fries ARE good.. I'll give them that.  I tried their Lentil soup-good.
As good as the fries are, I won't be back.  There are too many other great places to eat in the area.I have passed by and ignored this place for a couple years....glad I decided to come in and try it!  I needed dinner before my movie at the Ritz and decided to try this place. It's cute inside, colorful walls. They have wrap sandwiches and 'frites' aka french fries with 23 different sauces. You can be overwhelmed....I had a vegetarian wrap - goat cheese with mushrooms, and for a couple dollars more make it a special. Comes with those frites (but not too much so you can stay within your dietary plan) and a soft drink for $6.95. Good deal. The food was delicious. The Frites were NOT greasy. Very tasty, I wanted some more :) You can dine in or carry out.Okay, European Republic. Your wraps are good. Your fries are great. Your variety of dipping sauces keeps me guessing. Your honey green tea is what dreams are made of. But why oh why must your falafel be so bad? And the rice dishes? Inexcusable. I will stick to your Grilled Chicken TBM wrap (although your chicken can be dry sometimes) because you have one of the best lunch specials in Old City. Please hear my call for better falafel. I beg you!The wraps are pretty huge. A half wrap and fries should fill you up unless you are really really hungry.
The fries are good, but I think it is the dipping sauce selection that makes it..... Although it is really hard to pick just one.
They also have banana pudding!The fries were great! Nice thick cut fries, served in a paper cone and accompanied with dipping sauce.  The wrap left more to be desired.  The wafer-like wrap was OK, but the filling left something to be desired.  The chicken and mozzarella was overwhelmingly chicken, while moist, was largely bland.  The signs on the wall talk about eating healthy and living longer, but healthy doesn't need to be boring.  If only they put as much effort in adding flavor to their wraps as they do in their dipping sauces, this place would be great.Excellent choice of wraps, in a small place tucked away in the Old City. The lunch special (wraps, fries and a drink) is a great deal, and the wide range of dips will keep you coming back to try all of them! If you're looking for a quick tasty lunch while in this part of town, definitely consider European Republic.Love the food and the amazing customer service. Extremely happy there's one on South Street, get it at work and home!I just saw that this place was open when I walked to work this morning and figured i'd try it out for lunch. The wrap I had wasn't bad, nothing to write home about though. The fries are pretty good and you get a ton of dipping sauces to choose from. The lady who took my order was extremely cute and courteous as well. I'll probably frequent this place until I try at least all of the wraps on the menu.Just bought the $6.99 deal: wrap, frites, and a drink. The chicken salad wrap is unbelievable! It doesn't even taste like chicken, and the sauce isn't too much or too little in the wrap. Their frites are spot on and quite crispy. I picked the Jalapeño Cheddar sauce which was spicy! You get a fountain drink with your meal, so I went with the Honey Green Tea. It's not overly sweet, which was perfect since I'm not too fond of sweet green tea. The girl and guy at the counter were very friendly, as was the man who seems to be the owner. Coming back next time I'm in the area!! :)I ordered the spicy grilled chicken wrap and frites. The flavors of the ingredients were really good and the french fries were delicious. I had the Cajun dipping sauce which was really good as well.Have you ever had a craving for fries? Just fries, where you'd order whatever it takes just to get that delicious salted side dish? Cue European Republic, where the fries end up stealing the limelight. Offering salads, wraps, and other healthy-ish options as well, the real star is those beloved frites. Belgian style, the fries come with your choice of one of their 20 dipping sauces, including everything from lemon dill to smoked salmon. This is a great spot for a quick lunch or "i'm not that hungry" mid-afternoon meal for surprisingly cheap, especially in Old City.happened upon ER last weekend - what a find! fresh, yummy & affordable.I really enjoyed this place. It is low key, affordable, and cozy. I met up with a friend and we spent quite a while there comfortably (they stay open till 10 pm even though we were the last ones in there around 8:30; we didn't feel rushed though!).
I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 because, while the food was great and portion sizes were good, it wasn't perfect. I got the goat cheese wrap and while it was good, it had a little too much vinegar on it, making it just a tad bit unpleasant (just a bit!). I got it with fries and the basil sauce, which were both superb. 
I would like to try other things to see if the goat cheese wrap's excessive vinegar was an isolated incident; the experience wasn't enough for me to not return, because overall I really enjoyed it.Nice friendly service.  food served hot on quickly.  We ordered a burger and hoogie.   Fries were pretty good too. 
Nice small spotGreat place for lunch, I love the Crispy Spicy Chicken Wrap, and then dip the fries in the Jalapeño Cheddar. Has great heat to it, I love when food is spicy but not overbearing where you cant even enjoy the meal, although sometimes I love it aha but for an afternoon lunch maybe not. The fries are a great size and they give you a great amount, the wrap is my only thing though, I wish it was bigger. But for the price it's reasonable. 
Definitely check this place out! They have a nice size menu including options for the kids. There is another location on South Street that I haven't tried yet, I love the Chestnut location though, friendly people and top notch service, it's great.
-AMI came here with my husband for dinner after reading all the positive reviews about their fries and sauces. I checked in over Yelp and a coupon came up on my phone for a wrap and fries for $4.95, so I redeemed that right away. When we walked in the set-up was pretty much what I expected from the reviews online. There were only a handful of tables to sit at, but luckily it wasn't busy. I can see how this is a popular lunch spot/take-out spot.
I ordered the spicy chicken wrap and the fries with cajun sauce. The man got the chicken and brie wrap with honey dijon sauce and the fries with jalepeno cheese sauce. The first thing I tasted was the jalepeno cheese sauce, and it was REALLY spicy! It tasted like pureed jalepenos. It wasn't necessarily a bad thing, but I felt like I couldn't really taste MY sauce to the fullest because of it. It'd be better if the cheese taste was more prevelant. Also I think the spicy sauce on my wrap was the same dipping sauce he got for the fries. Again, tough to taste the cajun sauce.
I'm giving this three stars because the location is not ideal for those who don't live nearby, there isn't much seating, and it reminded me too much of a pizza joint. That being said, the fries here were indeed all they were made out to be. I would definitely return for them again. And I'd advise others to check this place out simply to sample the fried goodness. The wrap wasn't so amazing that I'd venture back to get another one, but I'd love to make my way through those dipping' sauces!I think this place has it correct. Others have said the frites are great and many dipping sauces to choose from. I agree period! Others have said their wraps are bland, not me.  What's right is that the frites are the reason to go! The wraps help balance out the fat or bad food.  Nice job. This is alot better than some slow place at the Bourse. The pricing is good too! No hipster attitude from servers. What a Joy!This place was great.  I ordered the Greek salad with grilled chicken and it was delicious.. My boyfriend ordered one of the wraps and also loved it.  
Has great prices too.
I'll definitely be going backDidn't come here for a meal so we just got a large thing of fries and multiple dipping sauces for a snack. Although it was a shitton of food so it could've qualified as a meal.
The fries were awesome and didn't really need any sauces to go with them but I love dipping fries into various things so we got several to try... caesar, lemon dill, basil, bbq cheddar, parmesan, avocado, european sauce, and european ketchup. The european sauce and the european ketchup were the best in my opinion, and the bbq cheddar kinda made me wanna vomit so can't really suggest that one.
Definitely a fan though, the service was super friendly and it's super cheap, even to get an actual meal.Food was awesome! Wraps excellent. Pomme Frites reminded me of Europe although the frite sauce was a little thin for my taste( still very good). Definite must stop in the old city.European Republic is a nice place to grab lunch. It's smallish but cozy, the wraps seem fresh and aren't dripping in anything obnoxious. My shrimp salad wrap was great and it came with a small side of delicious frites, to which they give you a plethora of dipping sauce choices. I went with the lemon dill aioli and was very happy. The fire sauce was indeed firey sauce. 
Actually, the frites are pretty good on their own, but it's nice to have a small indulgence with all the healthy wraps they offer. Oh yeah, I also had to stare at their dessert cooler while sipping on my delicious homemade green tea w/honey (the whole meal cost me $7.50- not bad), so I can tell you that they all looked so good! Banana pudding with vanilla wafers, cheesecakes, and tapioca pudding to name a few...maybe I'll have to take that walk for dessert alone.Excellent!!!!! to my surprise this little gem exceeded my expectation for the following reasons:
1) the price for less than $8 you can get a decent meal.
2) the food was fresh
3) the sauces (highly recommend the basil sauce)
4) the price includes drink
I have to say, the place is small, seating might be a problem for groups.How is it I had never noticed this place? I must have passed it a dozen times on my way to someplace else but hardly knew it was there. I guess I just assumed it was some greasy burger joint and never gave it a second thought.
But then, while idly scrolling through Yelp, I stumbled upon the reviews. Belgian fries with 20+ dipping sauces and wraps rather than burgers? I finally went on a day off. It's a tiny little place with pictures on the wall and immaculately clean. The staff is nice. I got the half sandwich deal. I ordered the goat cheese wrap and had the iced tea. The fries are awesome and there are few fried foods I really like. They're crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. They're served in a paper cone like at any chipper on the other side of the Atlantic. I tried the European Sauce, it's like a light aioli. Really good. The tea was sweet but far from cloying and the wrap was fresh and sensibly sized.
Now that I've discovered European Republic, I'll have to come back. They do delivery, too.(3.5 stars) We were searching for a snack to hold us over for a few hours at the American Revolution museum, and this was the perfect option. The fries are quite solid and a triple is plenty for a couple of people to share. A triple comes with three sauces, of which my two favorites were cajun and roasted garlic (sadly bbq was underwhelming). We also got some chicken fingers but those were just okay, very much like what you would get at a stadium (heavy breading).On our way to the Tin Angel for a show, some friends and I stopped by here for a quick dinner. Service was quick and friendly, and the staff was eager to share their favorite frites dips & wraps. 
I tried the spicy grilled chicken wrap with goat cheese, small frites w/ bbq cheddar dip, and a sweet lemonade tea. The wrap was basic, but I am a sucker for goat cheese. The fries are thick cut, nicely seasoned and come in their own paper cone. I couldn't really detect any "cheddar" in the dip, but it was really yummy. My friend had the lemon/thyme dip and it was delicious! 
You really can't be the price either - it was $15 for 2 wraps, 2 small frites, and 2 drinks. Will definitely be back to try more!I don't know how this place got such great reviews. The wrap i got was subpar. Dry chicken. Caesar not great. No parmasan on the Caesar wrap (which wasn't listed on the menu but definitely would've improved the wrap). And the most disappointing was the dipping sauces. Parmesan sauce was recommended by one of the guys behind the counter, but it didn't taste anything like parmesan. Tasted more like Caesar than the brown sauce on my Caesar wrap though. And European ketchup was alright. Too much vinegar or red onion or something for my taste for more than a couple fries. Finally, the place is pretty small and it wasn't the most comfortable.
I will give it to them though, the fries are good. And the staff very nice. Had to hang out there for a couple hours while waiting for a passport from the customs house across the street.
Maybe stop in for fries. But bring some ketchup.Looking for a semi healthy lunch or dinner on the go... Go here! Fries are to die for with homemade ketchup !!!! Wraps are so delicious; extremely fresh!Awesome wraps, fries and dips!  The staff is SUPER friendly!  Love!When you're out drinking in Old City, this is the perfect place to stack up on some carbs in the form of French fries or Frites.  These are among my favorite Frites in the world (perfectly made) and then there are always about 20 different sauces to choose from to accompany them. This time I went with the Caviar Sauce.  Great choice.  My all time favorite sauce is the Peanut .... with Mango Chutney and Jalapeño Cheddar a close second and third.  If you drink often enough in Old City, at some point you'll get to try all the sauces!Although I am extremely sad that European Republic had to come at the price of Meju closing, I was very impressed by this new little shop.  Billing themselves as a gourmet fry shop with healthy wraps, I was a bit skeptical of the combination.  Altho almost empty, I knew we were on the right track when the only other couple in there mentioned to the (helpful, smiling, fill in positive adjective here) woman behind the counter that this was their second dinner there (they've been open only 3 weeks) and then turned to us to whisper "The food here is SOOO good!".   There are many wraps to choose from- including many veg offerings- I had the falafel which was great- not super dense & greasy like they can get here in the US.  The fries tasted fresh, were thick cut, and served in a cone ala Belgium/Amsterdam style.  I wouldnt say they were the best I ever had, but they werent bad.  The dip is where you get your "gourmet" experience. There are around 20 or so to choose from, made on site, and one comes with your frite order.  Ranging from Garlic, to Euro Ketchup (mayo, ketchup & onion), to caviar, to eggplant - it was hard to choose just one.  I had the basil which was really good, and I tried the Euro Ketchup which my husband picked and enjoyed.   The decor is punchy- orange walls and black trim, with articles on their other NYC location mixed in with prints of Amsterdam street views mixed with paintings.  
Right now there is an opening special- buy a wrap and get a free order of frites!  That made the total for our dinner meal for 2 including homemade tea & lemonade under $15.  The place works by ordering at the counter, waiting for your food then going to pick it up at the counter- very casual yet a touch of class good enough for a casual date night. No alcohol or BYOB as far as I could tell.I like eat one of wrap with friets it's my first time eat European-style. but 9:30 pm so early to clean up, they 10 clock close. Customers are eating in there right now , staffs should not be clean, the customer can endure cleaning and disinfection of smell it? Omg!Good, filling wraps at a crazy affordable price.
I love the straightforward attitude behind this little eatery. Just pick a wrap, a special sauce for your fries (go for the European ketchup -- I tried my friend's and it was awesome), a drink, and sit down. And don't forget the Yelp check-in discount, too!I've fallen in love.  I've been searching for a good lunch place and now I've found it!  The wraps are delicious and the prices are great- the combo is about $7.  The staff is very friendly and quick as well.This place has amazing fries. 
Unbelievably good fries. 
Like you're going to crave them specifically good. 
And they come with these wild aiolis to choose from.
If you eat Halal, you're in luck because their meat is certified. 
This is a regular stop for me and a lot of people who work in Old City. Eight bucks total for something fast and filling is awesome.Belgian style fries.  I had the triple which comes with 3 sauces of your choosing.  Probably too many fries for one person but no complaints here.  The place itself on Chestnut is small, a bit cramped actually, more European size than American, but rather cozy in my opinion.  The people were friendly and the food came fast.   Inexpensive and recommended for anybody who likes Belgian fries and definitely the best place that I am aware of in Philly.Came into Philly for a few hours to see the sites and walked into this place based on other yelpers and that it was in the area of town we were in. 
Great fries - in fact as we were parking a woman came up to us and, unsolicited, indicated great fries.  Each fry order comes with a choice of dipping sauce - I took the curry - it was okay.  The mango one was okay but I'm sure there are others that are much better.  It's not a big place but it's cozy to sit and eat.  I don't eat french fries too often but these were worth it.  You could make the fries alone a meal.
The wrap was good - I had buffalo chicken - the sauce was spicy but not too spicy.Really affordable food with a tasty edge to it! I've been a regular here for about a year now. At times one or two of the girls up front have had a difficult time understanding my requests but the vibe is great, the chefs and back of house always so accommodating, and I really appreciate the international vibe here. Keep it up.The spicy grilled chicken wrap with mozzarella was perfect. I split a wrap with my mom. The cashier was kind and let me have a cup of water. The wraps came out fast. It was a quick and yummy lunch before heading to the Museum of the American Revolution!Been meaning to try this place since it opened. Went there a couple of weeks ago, and it pretty much lived up to my expectations. Got the veggie wrap (which was just average), iced tea, and of course some frites. The fries are the standout star here - nice and crispy with lots of amazing dips to choose from. My friend and I shard the basil, eggplant, and mango chutney. The mango chutney was a little thin, eggplant was good, but the basil was absolutely crave-able. 
The price is very good, which is difficult to find in Old City. The guy at the counter was quick to help and offer suggestions. I will definitely be back.I love this place, the fries are the best not too crispy not to tender just right. It's small and close to my work. The kind young lady that works the counter let me know that they make the Dips from scratch! 
It's so hard to find good affordable food in Old City so the experience here is very refreshing.