Though Evan's is known for pizza, I haven't tried it. I have, however, tried their buffalo wings, burgers and wraps. Those items were pretty good. I do like the fact that if you sign up for their online ordering, you get $3 off your order AND 10% each time you order. Definitely take advantage!I think that this place is everything that it can be, given that it is a neighborhood pizza/steak joint in a college-kid dominated neighborhood where such establishments are quite prevalent.
- Surprisingly diverse food selection.  They've got pasta, pizza, steaks, homemade cake (carrot is pretty good), wings, and even lasagna.  True, there is probably palces that provides each item better, but where are you going to find all of these things together (@ 2am, especially)?  
- Good beer selection.  It's expensive, but honestly that's about market price for the local places, unless you are buying Bud or something more generic.
- They have their own website where you can order and get 10% off of your first purchase.  This should be standard, but it's not, so kudos to Evan's.
- The owner is quite nice.  He is often rushed, so he might be a little abrupt with employees, but he is always kind to the customers.Their driver refused to get out of the car and knock on the door because of a Beware of Dog sign. Their excuse was that the driver didn't want to rile up a dog..... seriously?? SO is he afraid of the dog or the SIGN. because I could just as easily not have the sign up
THEN when I called an hour and forty five minutes later to have the delivery resent...They didn't even bother to apologize AND they sent the same (and by this time) COLD pizza. I have international guest and spent the better part of the evening raving about the ONLY pizza place we order from.... WON"T be making that mistake again. 
I asked them to remake the pizza and send it out. It is supposed to take 20 minutes now... I will change the rating if they manage to do something right this evening.... So far the level of disappointment is staggering!
UPDATE:   The delivery came with 30 minutes which was acceptable.  The new delivery person was crazy nice but unfortunately  missed on a tip because my guess were LESS than pleased with the overall treatment of the situation by the "night manager." I promised the delivery person that I would have her tip on the next delivery order, not thinking that I would not be ordering from them again.
So, in an attempt to make good on my promise, I ordered again tonight. I am really hoping that this goes well considering that I really do like their food. If it does go well I will my star rating.  Fingers crossed!It's a good place, I love their French Fries and meat lovers pizza! The hamburger is good too. No comment on the alcohol since I don't drink but I had their cheesecake dessert and it's good,  a bit better than the rice pudding. They made a mistake on our order tho. We asked for 1 garlic bread and curly Fries,  instead we got 3 garlic breads which doesn't taste like garlic bread and for that I lower the stars.Evan's is a pretty good place. Finding good pizzeria in University City is pretty hard. I have had their boneless buffalo wings and cheese pizza. The wings are really good. They are crispy and juicy. The cheese pizza has a  thick crust, sauce has no real taste (sort of like Bagel Bites), but relative to others in the area it's not bad.
 Funny enough, Evan's is better at 2 am than 2 pmI love evans! Workers are so nice. I've always been happy with my order and the french fries are just amazing. The student discount is another perk.The pizza here is one of the best I've had in quite some time! Fresh, hot and simply delicious! I recommend the pepperoni pizza. By far better than Papa John's or Domino's.Really decent place that provides delivery, so top of my list when I run low on groceries/studying for exams/too lazy to leave my apartment.  
The Varsity Chicken Salad is my top pick. Topped with fresh grilled chicken, stuffed with a variety of veggies, eggs and mozzarella cheese spread throughout, I enjoy this thoroughly.
The fries are incredible. These are the kind of fries that taste almost doubly fried. Yum. Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, they are delicious with or without ketchup.  
The wings are alright, but they can be a little heavy on the sauce. They're better once wiped off a little bit and dipped in ranch dressing, though! 
Other than those options, I haven't tried much else. I will say that their menu is extensive, so whatever you're craving, it's likely on this menu!
Some final tips: 
If you have an alteration to a dish, make sure it's really clear. I've requested changes to dishes, and they haven't always followed through. On the other hand, the owner is really friendly, and even volunteered to be part of a neighborhood documentary I put together with some friends. 
Overall, for a quickly-delivered meal, this place is a reliable bet.Love this place. There's nowhere better for a quick hot slice of pizza and a cold beer in the neighborhood. Prices are fair and there's lots of seating and a full bar. Great place to hang out while waiting for your laundry to dry next door.Great late night spot. Quick service, friendly staff, and very good French fries. Pizza was ok but it's all about the fries :DOk guys, this should be your stop for great pizza. Great varieties and toppings. Food is always fresh and made to order. You gotta try their subs also. Have a big enough menu for everyone. Nice prices, lots of beer selections (the largest around I think), fresh food, late hours, quick delivery. All these are a great combination for a great pizza shop in your neighborhoodThe pizza isn't exactly their forte. Their lasagna is pretty good, as is their spaghetti-and-meatballs. The cheesecakes are simply out of this world! I went to Penn, and it has been a life-saver, especially when hunger strikes after midnight!I give them 5 stars it was my first time ordering and I got the grilled chicken salad it was really good we'll proportioned and I also got an order if curly fries with a side of cheese my fries were hot when I got them the only thing I didn't like is that my receipt said 16.90 but the guy tells me yeah 18 dollars but the 4 dollar delivery charge was already added to my bill but I gave him 21 dollars though I dislike when people try to get over other than paying 21 dollars for a salad and fries they food is greatDo not go here! There was plastic in my pasta and there was a nail in my milkshake! They then asked me to "describe the plastic". "We don't have plastic like this in the kitchen" So not only was there disgusting items in my food, but I was then accused of lying... AVOID!!!!Their buffalo chicken fries are pretty epic. Service is hit or miss. Sometimes you get a pleasant person on the phone, other times it is a woman who sounds like she absolutely hates working there. It's a pretty great place to buy beer, and get your fried goodies. It's not the worst, and certainly not the best. Kind of reminds me of Best House Pizza when it was still around on Baltimore. I never really see people eat food, just go there to buy beer and hang out.Unfortunately this will be my last time ordering here for a long time or forever! Used to be my favorite spot because they have good food and late night delivery. Recently I placed an order through grub hub and got an estimated time frame for when my food would be ready. Then I received a text at 1am saying my food was ready. However my food wasn't ready until about 2am and the boss tried to shut me up offering me a piece of cake. When I did talk to him he told me something went wrong and that he couldn't help it. No apology despite the fact that I've been a regular here for years. He threw in 2 drinks at the end but all I wanted was a phone call ahead of time letting me know there was a delay and a apology!!Get the square pizza.  It is far superior to the usual circle.  Need I remind you that the Greeks invented geometry?
All over West Philadelphia there are these Greek owned, cookie cutter pizza places that cater to the drunken college crowd.  The only flaw in them is that they all serve up pretty much the same product.  Evan's is the only wild card in the bunch.  While you'll definitely find your usual pizza/cheesesteak/wings here, Evan's does it with a smile and attitude that is rarely shown at other establishments.  The six-pack of beers are much more varied than your usual greasy spoon, and their later hours of operation provide a much needed life preserver, when every bar in the city closes at 2.
Need a six pack?  Why not a 40oz? Why not two?  Because here at Evan's the streets are paved with gold cheap American lite pilsner!Burgers on point,try it it taste just like a Chilli's burger i sware.Ok ok Brew is brew but a brew with their burger HaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaPizza in west philly is pure shite, except for evan's santorini. Giant fluffy crust, white sauce, fresh broccoli, amazing feta cheese, and yummy diced chicken. Will certainly be ordering the santorini again. Delivery during peak hours is an hour or more, so order early.I've had the pizza once or twice but I really only go to Varsity Pizza for the slightly overpriced booze. The last time I was in there was a week ago, 11 at night, it was full of cops and no... they still didn't card me. 
I guess the mark-up on the booze is worth it if you're underaged. In any case it's convenient.i only got the vegan chicken cheesesteak (and i got it delivered) so i feel like i dont have a lot of info to go off of, but i was not very impressed by the 'steak
it was bland and the bread was uncooked? and the cheese didnt taste like any vegan cheese i have ever had.. it was just gluey.
IDK i ordered it because it was close and open. i should have just waited to go to govindas the next dayGood pizza and fast delivery. 
I got the wrong pizza once and they were gonna send the delivery guy to retrieve what had been delivered to me, AND the pizza I ordered. 
We'd eaten two slices as it was a similar pizza and we didn't realize until we had started. 
I'd have been happy to turn the pie back in, but I didn't want the now cold pizza I'd ordered. I wasn't happy they didn't fast track a new one. 
The next time I ordered, I tried to talk to the manager about it and he acted like I was making it up. 
Too bad because I really liked their food. 
I won't order from them again soon.Evan's definitely has the most interesting types of pizza I have seen. Honestly, if I just want a plain pizza, I will get it from somewhere else. But when I want to get something different, like the stuffed cheese steak pizza or the Vesuvio, I go for Evan's. Be aware that sometimes their delivery can be a bit slow.I haven't tried all of the wing spots in Philadelphia, but why keep searching after you've found a gem like Evan's? Excellent buffalo wings. Would be 4 stars if they didn't serve everything in Styrofoam. Foam kills, people!I've been eating healthy all week, and I thought I would treat myself to some yummy goodness. I ordered a small fry and a small pizza through grubhub. I will admit, the delivery was extremely fast, but the food was not to my liking. The fries were crispy, but I felt like I was biting into a stick of oil. The pizza was unfortunately pretty flavorless -- it was missing some of the most basic of flavors in its profile -- oregano, basil, marjoram, thyme -- it didn't seem like it had any of that.Don't look for Evan on the sign, it just says Varsity Pizza.  The place has moderate prices, but is really convenient because you can just walk in and get stuff by the slice or whole pizzas, pretty quick.  Delivery is availabe until 3 or so I believe and the staff are super friendly.  Evan the owner is a great guy, will help you out with ANYTHING.  Also uh don't try to ask the delivery guys directions anywhere, most of them don's speak English.  The calzones are great, the pizza is greasy but delicious.  Assortment of drinks and beer, go around the corner to Pasqually's for beer though, they didn't card me either.  This place is definitely a cop shop, always a bunch of officers and a handful or cars parked outside.  So it's safe... but uh leave your weed laced cigs at home.  Take credit cards, and if you get over $20 then you get a free slice of DELICIOUS cake.  Freaking fantastic desserts, I forgot where they were from but next time I need to take note so I can go straight to the source.Their delivery guy physically threatened me.  No, I'm serious.
I ordered pizza from them late on a Saturday night.  That was the biggest advantage of this place, they were open later than anywhere else in University City.  Well, the next night, I fell asleep on my unlocked phone, and dialed the store (which was still at the top of my recent calls list).  My bad, my bad, I know.  However, the guy working at 2am was not too pleased with this mistake.  I woke up the next morning to 4 missed calls, and a voice mail stating "If you ever call Varsity Pizza again, I'm coming to your house to kick your ass.  You've ordered from us before, from your phone number, I know where you live"
True story.  I received a physical threat from a pizza shop for accidentally calling them.
Oh, the pizza is average.  Not great, not bad. Being open late is nice.  But yea....I'd avoid them if you value your safety!It was a cold winter night in Philadelphia. My boyfriend and I decided to try a new pizza place in the area. It was the worst decision I think I've ever made in my entire life. The pizza was less than mediocre and it has a weird aftertaste. The fries? We could have made them as a diy project because they were nothing special. I honestly wish I could have gotten a refund for as bad as this food was. Save your time and money and order elsewhere.Varsity is your run of the mill pizza place in Philadelphia but slightly better.  The wings and pizza are okay, nothing to write home about.  It is really cheap though.  The booze selection is awesome if you want some good beer, but it is very overpriced.  I'd suggest going around the corner to Pasqualis(sp) to get some good beer for cheaper.As a student in Philly for the past two years you can trust me when I say Evan's has one of the best pizza's i have had in the city! The people are (almost) always very nice and with student discounts the place is a must visit. The look and crowd might put some people off but I say it adds to the charm. If you are not in the mood for pizza, the place offers some excellent spaghetti, chicken wings and fries. I say you try it out at least onceBest cheese steak hoagie I ever had. I know what I'm saying. I just waited on hold for 4 minutes to phone in my order, which is usually not so great. Yo, I don't mind for this hoagie.Solid place so far.  Good pizza joint food...only disappointment was the calamari.  
Excellent beer selection surprisingly...and notably, the guy behind the counter had some accent and told me to enjoy my beautiful day.  It wasnt weird or anything, but it struck a chord.  I took his advice and had a beautiful day filled with a beautiful chicken parm.My girlfriend and I order from Evans late night (unfortunately for us, several times a week). Gene has delivered each time and is one of the nicest guys I have ever encountered. Tonight was trash night and and I came down carrying a bag of trash and he insisted on putting it out for me. If I had extra cash on me I would have thrown him a twenty. Oh, and the food is great too!The loaded fries are great. Huge serving. They also sell beer to go. They're open late.Evan's may be a pizza place, but pizza is definitely not one of their strengths. While I do enjoy a lot of their food, such as the burgers, pasta platters, and hoagies, I really can't even stomach their pizza. The sauce is bland and Chuck E. Cheese tasting, and the cheese is thick and oily, almost like something you'd heat up in a microwave. With that being said, let me get back to focusing on the positives. Their pasta platters are very affordable and very well portioned, and their hoagies are fantastic if you are in need of a cheap, filling, quick, and delicious meal on the go. Personally I think their burgers are some of the best I've had at a place like this, mostly because you can taste that they use fresh ground beef and not prepackaged frozen patties, plus the cheese is just the right combination of melted and stringy.
What really makes Evan's earn their third star though is their beer selection, and glorified mini bar. They have an extensive collection of craft beer six packs, as well as "Tall Boys", plus a pretty decent selection of single bottles as well. When you first walk in there is a little nook featuring a limited selection of wines and liquors (must be consumed on premises) that comes as a welcome surprise due to the fact that most every other place in this area to get liquor (with few exceptions) are kind of run down and trashy. The price is just right, the pour on the heavy side, and they are always willing to make whatever drink they can using the liquors and mixers they have.
All in all Evan's is not a bad restaurant, not by any means, however it is also not an amazing one neither. Give it a shot for yourself and let me know what you think, it can't hurt!Just moved around here two months ago and have ordered from here a few times. The food is great. So I don't have any complaints there.
The ATTITUDE is what sucks. I ordered for pickup online to pick it up on the way home from work. I got the text (via grubhub) that it was ready. Now granted, I was down the street when I got the text and it wasn't exactly ready just yet.....ok fine. I went to the CVS to get a few things i needed anyway and browsed around the store for other items i might needed. 20 minutes later, they're just bagging it up. the owner literally drops the bag on the counter and says "Goodbye" with too much attitude. This isnt the first time either.So officially done with themi wish i could give less than one star, but i can't. 
maybe it was my fault for ordering a sandwich from a pizza place, but i'd gotten pasta before and i liked it. however, my experience tonight literally deserves negative stars.
i ordered the roast beef sandwich, which first of all cost ms $6. i got my sandwich and it was literally roast beef slapped between two pieces of bread. there was nothing else on it - no lettuce, tomato, mayo, cheese, nothing. i cannot believe that i just wasted $6 on something that is probably valued at about $0.50. even if they had priced it at $3.00, it would've been disappointing, but borderline acceptable. 
however, at $6, it is absolutely unacceptable that the roast beef sandwich is literally just beef between two pieces of dry bread. i was furious.I ordered food from this restaurant on a popular food delivery website.  Since it had been an hour and a half since I put the order through, I called just to make sure they had gotten the order I placed online.  The girl who answered verified my address and told me "Its on it's way".  After another 20 minutes, still no food! I called back and someone else answered and told me that I had scheduled my order for a different day. It was in fact, not on its way! I did not appreciate this girl lying to me and I called back to complain about this small but important mistake and was hung up on. The food is shitty anyway. I will never go back.My husband and I were really craving some pizza on our way back home from a game night (past midnight) and stopped by at Evan's. Seeing the mixed bag of reviews, I was very skeptical but went ahead and got a large tropical pizza anyway. It had pineapples, tomatoes and red onion along with cheese of course. 
Our pizza was surprisingly good...actually the cheese and the toppings were a delicious combination. I am really impressed. 
Can't really comment on the liquor/service since we did a take out.Yumm. Munchies. Evan's.
GET THE MEGA FRIES. Oh my gosh. Heaven. Fries with 3 types of melted cheese and bacon. Yeah, it sounds standard. These are the best damn cheese and bacon fries ever. I swear there must be crack in there. Don't eat them all yourself, or you will regret it. And at the same time be in heaven.
We also ordered a large cheesesteak stromboli. Had peppers, onions, marinara sauce, cheese and steak. Good bread too. Pretty darn decent. Fed 5 high."Meh" sums it up. The pizza is not good but will fill you up if you need to put food in your belly really quick. They keep their pizza in a hot box so you can just walk in and get a slice in  15 seconds compared to waiting for them to reheat it like other pizza shops.Stopped by Philadelphia to visit my nephew and decided to try this local pizzeria in his neighborhood. I have to say I was quite impressed! This is one of the few places where you can sit down enjoy a 40oz of beer and eat an awesome slice of pizza! WOW I felt like I was in my college days again. They also have a little bar where you can do shots and order a few mixed drinks. We had 2 slices of pizza, beer, and the grilled chicken rustic which was delicious! The pizza was very tasty however a little dry. To make a long story short, I will definitely revisit Evan's Pizza next time I come see my nephew again!I went to meet a friend here to get wings (for me) and a wrap (for her). 
Upon parking my bike, I saw a drunk, seemingly homeless man harass a bunch of people, then be greeted warmly by a couple of younger guys, presumably less homeless. 
I then saw two guys start to push each other around and get into a minor scuffle, before being called back into the restaurant by the bartender. (yes, there is a bar here).
This was all in a matter of 30 seconds.
We went in, ordered our stuff, only to be greeted by said drunk homeless man again. Turns out, his name is Omar and is a West Philly staple. He doesn't really have a home, but gets taken care of by the West Philadelphians. He even gets to attend the occasional house party.
We waited for our food and left, only to be greeted by Omar again who, I think, was hitting on us by saying "Heeyyy ladies! Blah blah blah blah blah!". Literally.
Moral of the story: The wings sucked, but they sell beer so that's cool.Despite the lack of any kind of carding on the aforementioned overpriced booze, the food is actually pretty good.
Much like Pine Street Pizza, Varsity makes a damn good greasy "Greek-style" pizza.  Though I haven't ventured into the fancier specialty pizzas, they actually seem to have some interesting and eclectic choices.  And the sandwiches?  Top notch.  Now if you want a hoagie, go next door to Koch's.  But Varsity makes an incredible chicken cacciatore sandwich or wrap.  And what I believe was the Texas style wrap?  A delicious mix of chicken, tomatoes, cheese, and hot sauce with plenty of heat.  I tried this in a drunken stupor and just about died - both of the heat and the goodness.
The thing that cracks me up about this place is the "bar" and the rule regarding hoods - don't walk in with your hood up, or they yell at you.  Interesting.Sorry Evan for the numbers of star. Pizza and mega fries is awesome, but service attitude is awful. The food I ordered was a large pizza and mega fries. I give 4 stars to the food, but only two stars for the service attitude. Her attitude is main reason why I only  light three stars for you!Let me start off by saying ive been a customer for 9 years, 9 freaking years. 
I ordered through grubhub for wing zings and fries. One hour later I received whole wings and fries, incorrect order. I call back for them to correct it, and they say sure they'll exchange it, but give the whole wings back. Sure, no problem on my end but bad customer service and waste of food throwing that away. 
Another HOUR  later, yes TWO FULL HOURS after i ordered the food is still not here. I called back for a refund, which yes they said they'll honor, but I'm pretty sure that doesnt rectify terrible service and wasting two hours of my life. 
After being an unappreciated customer for 9 years that may be my last order.Buy a burger. No one around here has such a good size for their burgers and it tastes great. Customize it how you see fit. Also the fries are good. I even like the desserts. They also have AMAZING salads. The boy and I often order them when we're feeling lazy. Great ingredients REAL LETTUCE! None of that iceburg bullshit. Chicken fingers are good. 
Never had the pizza or the wings so I can't weigh in on those. I have other spots that I like for pizza and wings, so I don't like to gamble on a new spot.  
Delivery minimum is $6 and their delivery fee is $2. Lately their delivery time has slowed down to about an hour (I wonder if they're getting more business than usual and can't handle all the orders)
Been ordering from these guys for a few years now. I have convinced loads of people to buy their burgers from Evans, it's worth it. (though sometimes the late night cooks are a little heavy on the mayo)THE CUSTOMER SERVICE AT THIS PLACE IS ATROCIOUS. The 1st time I ordered I ordered a vegan beef cheesesteak -- they sent out a chicken cheesesteak (vegan) without calling to check with me. I looked past this b/c it's not the biggest deal. THEN I ordered again today and when my food wasn't delivered I called to check & they said the driver tried calling me but I did not answer (I never received a call) so that means she either tried once and never tried again or she NEVER CALLED. SO I asked, "why wouldn't she ring the doorbell?" The woman just kept saying "She called." Then they told me it would be another 20 minutes before redelivery while taking a tone. The customer service alone will keep me from ordering here again and this is coming from someone who has limited options.I was highly disappointed. Their food used to be fresh and tasty with decent sized portions at a fairly reasonable cost. Now they are slacking off. The food isn't as good anymore and the portions have decreased noticeably even as the prices have been raised. 
I ordered a fried chicken wing platter with extra wings. The wings are usually fried to golden crispy perfection and are very good. Not so tonight, while they were still fried perfectly they were not tasty at all. They tasted a little rancid and had a slight odor to them. At first I thought my taste buds were off and I wasn't quite sure about the smell but I double checked and I realized I couldn't eat them. They made my stomach feel like it was flipping. 
I called to tell the owner and he told me I would have to send back everything that came with the platter in order to get a full refund. I told him no problem I would send it all back. He had the nerve to send a message by the delivery driver, "If everything isn't in the bag to get a full refund". We had already settled that on the phone so why the need to send the message. I sent him everything including the chicken and the bones I had pulled the chicken off, for my little granddaughter. I even sent him the chicken I made her spit out her mouth when I detected it was rancid. I'm through with them unless they step up their game and go back to putting the customer first by serving decent fresh food, good portions and provide good customer service as well.This is a pizza place that sells forties and has a "bar." By bar I mean it has a shelf of booze and some stools like in your uncle's basement.
Cheese fries were gross. Forties will get you drunk.Called because they're open late after a night class and placed an order: was first told there were no discounts, then only students received 15% discount but was charged full price by the quick lipped phone attendant... When I asked for a refund and a manager - none were working and then she hung the phone up on me. If you want poor service for food that is not really worth the cost, this is the right place to call!Sorry had to give the bad review but the slice I got wasn't good at all. The service and location were fine but maybe it was because I wanted a really good slice of pizza...but damn this was horrible lol
Pizza:
Cheese Slice: This was basically my high school lunch pizza. And overpriced. 
Buffalo Chicken Slice: Not sure why this was too spicy. Also this pizza looks pretty poorly made as well.Delicious pizza and fast delivery.  I ordered the small 10" cheese pizza with a couple toppings.  It was so good I ate the whole pizza in one sitting.  Crust and all!  I would deff order again.Never had a problem. A bit pricier than the other pizza places but the wings are always a nice size (no broken or tiny wings) and my pizza is always hot and fresh.Considering the fact that I have yet to have a pizza west of the Schuylkill that wasn't dogshit, seemingly all made in the same fashion of dense tasteless crust and bagged Kraft cheese, they have probably the second most tolerable "pie" behind Ed's on Lancaster (which comes close to being a legitimate albeit mediocre at best pie).  Fair selection of beer and 40's for a pizzeria but can't report on carding as I didn't buy any.Okay two times tried...two times struck out.  First time..ordered buffalo wings...not too shabby - actually pretty good.....the 'bleu cheese' was ROTTEN.  Literally spoiled.  Of course, this ruins the whole buffalo wing experience for me, since I live for the "dip"....I send an email to them to inform them that their dressing is rotten - my little attempt to help them not get anyone food poisoning.  No email back, but whatever - I figured they'd at least throw the stuff out if nothing else. ....tonight, I pop in....buffalo wings please...hot...extra crispy.  Carry them home, all excited to dig in............NO SAUCE ON THE HOT BUFFALO WINGS....just fried chicken basically....but okay, I'm gonna be a sport, cause I'm not walking back....dig in........bleu cheese......ROTTEN AGAIN....more rotten than the first time I had it a couple weeks ago which just makes me believe that they never took action or give a crap to even periodically check that their potential health risk condiments.  I called....."oh sorry, sorry...do you want to come back for some sauce"....um NO I do not.  So I'm not going to go for a strike three with this place.  I would have given it one star, but when I did have the wings, they were decent, just never right.Evan's was notorious for not carding among the UPenn crowd. That has been my experience as well until the last time I visited and they asked for ID. The one time that I didn't have it with me. Ironic.
Besides that, this is another mediocre food place that's great when you are low on funds. You can buy pizza by the slice here and grab a beer or Smirnoff Ice while you are there. If you are daring, you can even try a shot from the very minuscule, very sketchy bar operating out of the front of the store. 
The onion rings are very bland. Just throwing that out there because I love onion rings and any that are not flavored are a huge disappointment to my taste buds.My wings were tough and the sauce on them was more like a paste. They tasted like they were boiled. You can get better wings anywhere else. 
The pasta was over cooked. The alfredo sauce was just garlic and too much cheese. The chicken in the pasta was slimy and gross, and probably what made me sick to my stomach. Will never be ordering from here again.I usually love to order from this place although delivery takes about an hour. The food is usually pretty good although their customer service is the pits. They will argue you down over the phone about whether you answered the phone or the door so make sure all of your information is correct because it is never their fault. They do not apologize or make you feel appreciated as a customer since they are around campus. Today was a pretty bad experience and the delivery driver was pretty rude. I think they lost a frequent customer.The key word here is convenience.  This place is one of the few West Philly establishments that is open past 10pm.
Evan is a friendly insomniac.  The dude is like the 21st century incarnation of the Energizer Bunny.  
Greasy yummy pizza and a decent selection of beer are its hallmarks.  You can sit inside, but the seatings is a bit cramped and the ambience is more Kmart than Stephen Starr of course. It's a pizza joint after all.I got Evan's this weekend for about the 5th time and I'm still impressed! Ordered on GrubHub for pick up since I live pretty close by, on my way back home late at night. I picked up the mega fries, two slices of pizza, and wings. While the wings are a bit expensive, their is something about their pizza that no other pizza place quite has-- almost a Mediterranean cheesy quality that makes the crust remind me of flavorful feta bread I've had at Turkish or Greek restaurants. That's what I like about this store-- put a little spin on their food and really personalizes the taste. Try the stuffed crust if you're a fan of that flavor and it's like cheesy bread crust, every bite perfect.
In the past, I've tried the gyro, calamari, stromboli, and other fry variations. I never knew what a stromboli was, but the cheesesteak stromboli was like heaven in a pizza crust dumpling. Even the smaller size is huge. Calamari is a small serving for the price, so I'd stick to mega fries, pizza, and gyros.the used to be the best place but now the suck. we order and ask for extra sauce and got no sauce. we order burgers and they added to much salt. i have been a customer for more than 6 years and now wouldn't get an order of fries from them. we went ordering several times a week to not at all.  the quality of food has dropped. i wish for the old days again.Evan's delivery guys, I gotta give you advertising props. You've gained some customers by leaving your menus in the front door area of apt buildings! 
I usually tend to ignore all the menus that sit in the entrance way of my bf's apt building, but on one particular cold January night, I grabbed an Evan's menu as my tired self arrived in Philly a bit past midnight and craved pizza.  Who was open for delivery at 1am?!  Yep! It's Evan's!  
Ever since then, it's been our late night choice for pizza delivery. 
Personal Recommendations from their "Unique" Pizzas:
Primavera
Mediterranean
Tuscany Chicken
Summer Pizza
Evan's pizza wouldn't be my first choice when having a pizza craving in Philly, but their prices are decent and they do have a handful of things going for them as far as delivery and quality.
1. Online ordering is easy and full of choices.  Their online menu let's you customize each item.
2. Delivery is fast.  Even when they quoted an ETA of an hour, they usually arrive well below that time.
3. Their mozz sticks are super loaded with cheese and batter fried instead of breadcrumb fried - love them!
4. They don't skimp on toppings 
5.  Their pizza dough is surprisingly better than average when reheating leftovers in the oven. 
They lose a star because I wouldn't choose Evan's if I just wanted a plain pie.  Their sauce is below average, but cheese is decent.  Also, the first time I ordered a Pastrami Hoagie, there was barely any meat, and the bread was a bit stale. Definitely wouldn't order another hoagie after that.  Also, you can't substitute toppings when ordering online.  So you end up paying extra to add toppings, even if you want to take some away. 
TIP:  If you end up going with their Primavera or any other pie with a lot of veggie toppings, have them make it "well done".  Your pizza dough will be soggy otherwise and you'll end up throwing the pizza in the oven to cook it more.  (And yes this comes from my own experience)I love the wide variety of food to choose from on the menu..So far I've had the pizza (duh) and a gyro from here..Both were good..And the owner/whoever it is I see every time I'm in there..Is a really nice guy and always friendly..And my top two fave things about this place..That its two blocks from my place and open real late..Which is great for someone like me who finds herself drunk and starving at 1am with no food in the fridge..Sweeeeet!
Edit: Recently came here with my better half for dinner..we got 2 free slices of cake because the owner said he liked us!..Thanks! And u get an extra star just for that!Decent selection of only moderately overpriced booze, which according to the management "is for everyone" regardless of age.
Minus points for the refrigerators not being cold enough that my 40's stay good to the last drop.
Oh and the pizza actually isnt bad.I've been wanting to order from Evan's for a while now but finally got around to it last night.  I ordered online at Eat24 and was impressed by their wide menu.  We got a buffalo chicken pizza, cheese pizza and jalapeno poppers for around $25 with the delivery charge.  The food was delivered quickly and the driver was very friendly.  Everything tasted delicious!  I would definitely order from Evan's again.Buffalo chicken pizza is amazing!!! Cheeseburgers are good; the downside is they carry beer but not cigarettes.There are a lot of pizza options in all of Philadelphia, including West Philly / University City. And they all pretty much look the same: run down, corner store, same menu, same prices, geared towards college students or those on a tight budget. But this isn't one of those.. " they're all the same"
They have some pretty great creations here. Recently I tried their Sweet and Spicy Grilled chicken with bleu cheese which was great -- my palate tastes that it is bbq sauce mixed with buffalo sauce, and bleu cheese, great combo, great crust -- SOLID freaking pizza. 
Yesterday I tried their " wing zings" which were described by the owner as breaded, slightly spicy salted chicken wings. THEY WERE SO GOOD. I ordered 5. I could eat 20... alone. SO well crisped, so well seasoned , and so juicy on the inside. Holy crap, I am impressed by this " college pizza place"
I also tried their chicken cheesesteak which was solid. It's not the minced chicken that you may be used to, and also not chunks like at Lee's. It's somewhere in between, like shredded chicken with fried onions and cheese. I also added a bit of the sauce they gave us with the wings -- which to me tastes like marinara mixed with buffalo, which is yet again such a clever combo!
No, they probably don't make everything from scratch, but they are very creative with their ingredients. The owner was also really nice -- I didn't realize that they give  student discounts **** 15% off for USP/PENN/DREXEL students. That was really nice of him to suggest that for us when we didn't realize. THAT's how you get a repeat customer. Thank you for great food, and great service my friend!!according to their menu, they have the "largest selection of domestic and imported beer in the area."  
that's a joke, right?  
I can think of at least 5 other places in a 5 block radius that have much more extensive selections of beer.  They should change their motto to "largest selection of malt liquor and 40's in the area".  To add insult to injury, the very small selection of good beer they do have isn't fresh, and the majority it is long past its drink by date, rendering it barely drinkable.
The only positive is that they are literally the only beer vendor in west philly that is open past midnight.  Anytime before midnight, head over to pasqy's or local if you're stuck in west philly and need beer and steer clear of the disaster that is Evan's.  I felt bad for the cute college girls in there tonight - they must have felt terribly out of place.They have the best pizza in university city. They are open late at night and have saved us from sleeping empty stomach in many occasions . We have always ordered their primavera pizza with pizza fries .My review is based on their amazing Mega-Fries they are just fantastic. If you ever need a pick me up that's french fry and cheese related I highly suggest them. I almost forgot to mention the crispy bacon they put on top it's simply fantastic a definitive Friday treat.Welp, wish I could have eaten the pizza... All I wanted was a pizza, and what did I get? I got a pizza that literally smelled like ass. Literally. The scent was so strong that I couldn't stomach the smell of the pizza. So yeah, I wouldn't order from here again.I stopped in on my lunch break knowing nothing about the place.  You get what you pay for.  My $2 slice was not worth it.  The cheese was not fully melted, I don't think there was anything in the tomato sauce besides tomato, and the crust was super doughy.  It's the kind of greasy pizza I expect to be free in the back of a bar.  NEVER AGAIN.ooof. This is not the place to stop by for a late night slice. The pizza usually has been sitting there way to long, and wasn't that good to begin with. I have to give this place a second star, though, because one night when I was sad and grumpy they made me a whole new pizza, just for a few slices. And the beer selection is good, even though it will cost you a leg. 
Can't say I've ever had a drink in the "bar" area, but it makes me snicker to think about it.I have truly just become so sick of this place and their horrific customer service.  I just placed an online order with them through Eat24 and there was an error on the menu,  
So, the woman called me and told me that I ordered wrong.  That I can't combine wings and fingers. Apparently the special I ordered is no longer available. Not really sure how I am supposed to know that but hey, whatevs! 
She asked me if I made  an error and tried to order two separate items....I explained that I cannot alter the order form the menu.. I just point and click... she says the item has never been on the menu. So the woman is not even familiar with the menu... obviously new fine.. gave her some leeway.  I let her know that the item is actually listed in my favorites, we have ordered it a ridiculous amount of times in the past year alone.  She again states she doesn't have the combo. 
Okay but you have wings....? -- "Yeah"
and you have fingers....? -- "Yeah" 
Then what is the problem?--- "You can't order them together."
Sure fine, no problem, but we still want the items...  it is only a 2.50 difference from your new menu (I checked their website by this time)  and her response was...
"You can't order them together so you can call Eat24 and they will put your money back on your card"
Really?  Wow  That escalated rather quickly... I asked to speak with the manager and am told that he is unavailable. (yes he was standing right there within earshot of the phone when he responded).  UGH!!
SERIOUSLY! ?  Why oh WHY did I get sucked back in again? The carrot cake...so sad..so so sad.... I did it to myself thinking they were fixing their issues.
 To quote the infamous, 'Fool me once, shame on ... shame on you. Fool me... You can't get fooled again!'
Anywho... I called Eat24.  They straightened it out.  But boy oh boy have I been burned for good this time.  Steer clear of this place.I used to stay right above this place and used to eat here at least once a week. Their Buffalo chicken pizza is to die for and would definitely visit this place everytime I visit philly.The food prices are decent and it's a pretty good option for late night munchin' but the pizza kind of sucks. Unless you get a specialty pizza, the individual toppings are bland (grilled chicken is unseasoned etc...) which is very disappointing when you're excited to recreate your fav topping combo. 
The wraps are good; Buffalo Chicken, especially.Varsity was the only Pizza place in University City that didn't card and was open later than the other pizza places. Over the years I've seen tons of scetchy behavior that I wont get in to, but they never failed to make my Eggplant Parm Hoagies the way I liked 'em and a few times threw me and whoever I happened to be accompanied by a free drink on a few occasions. Over all, a pretty good place if you where like me and low on funds... LOLThe pizza was terrible.  It had no texture, and the barely reheated slice I was served tasted like it was hours old.Food is OK.  Menu selection is good.  I've ordered from them many times, but there's a 50% chance of your order arriving wrong, even on weekdays, and count on at least 45+ minutes to send someone to correct it.  Also do not bother trying to order the tiramisu, they're always out.