I really like this spot. It's around the corner from us and is very good. I've been here 3 times in two weeks, which is telling in itself.
I've had their wanton and hot sour soups, both are very tasty.
I've ordered their combination platters. The fried rice is very tasty. I had both Chicken with Broccoli and General Tso's Chicken, also both very yummy.
Their egg rolls are excellent as well.
I also really like their steamed dumplings.
My wife has ordered a few other things, all very good by her accounts.
Given this breadth of experiences, I feel confident ordering anything from Evergreen.My go to Chinese spot in U City.  It's basic Chinese takeout.  Nothing fancy but overall tasty.  Fast service, clean as far as the eye can see and convenient.  No matter what I order I always add a shrimp eggroll- they're delish!!Order came on time, however the food was a disappointment. 
Crab Rangoons - greasy 
Pan Fried Wonton with Garlic Sauce -  very greasy - wasn't in garlic sauce 
Steamed Pork Dumplings - ok small 
Vegetable Fried Rice - bland, rice mushy, hardly any vegetables 
1Shrimp Egg Foo Young - ok - had better at other takeout restaurants 
Shrimp with Black Bean Sauce - not good lots of onions  would not order again 
General Tso's Chicken  - just ok but would not order again 
Fried Chicken Wings - greasy and fried rice tasted like it was days old not fresh 
This was my first time ordering from this restaurant- looked at the ratings listed on Grubhub but did not read what people said. 
I will never order from here again.  Food was not good and didn't taste fresh.Ordered delivery food from here. Came two and a half hours after I placed the order. I only tip delivery drivers for good service and didn't think being almost three hours late deserved a tip. The driver rudely refused to give me the food without a tip.Let me begin this review by saying I'm sort of a Chinese food snob.  There's a restaurant in Chicagoland that I grew up with, and short of the REAL thing, I've pretty much limited myself to this Chinese restaurant and no other.  Over the last ten or twelve years, I've tried on a few occasions other Chinese restaurants around wherever I live at the time, and I'm always disappointed.  And then I get angry that I spent the money in the first place, because I knew I'd be disappointed before I ordered.  
But I moved to Philly in the midst of this awful heat wave, and don't have air conditioning throughout my apartment, and Evergreen is just a few minutes' walk from where I live, and I'll be damned if I was going to try to continue to cook in 100+ degree heat.  The reviews looked good.  I thought, "What the hell.  It's cheap.  Let's... try."
Am I glad I did.  A solid four stars, if you take averages.  In terms of ALL Chinese food ever, probably 3.  But in terms of cheap Chinese delivery/carry-out?  This is easily the best I've ever had.  The fried rice was GOOD - none of that peas and carrots BS, just bean sprouts and onions and all that good stuff.  The gravy in my dish was a little yellow, and that threw me because I wasn't expecting it, but it was really tasty.  Food was not greasy at all.  Meat was thoroughly cooked but not dry or rubbery.  Everything tasted very fresh.  I'm looking forward to experimenting with the menu, now that I know my old reliable turns out tasty.
Did I mention I spent $14.95 and ate for four days?  Well, three and a half.  Portions are huge.  I don't know, this place seems almost too good to be true.  Definitely my Go-To spot for cheap Chinese food.  
BE ADVISED: Yelp lies.  They do not accept plastic - it is a CASH ONLY business.  There's an ATM in the place, but the surcharge on the machine is like, a buck-seventy-five or something.  So just a heads up.  Have your cash ready or be prepared to pay the ATM.
Edit:  I also want to add the disclaimer that my review may be tainted by my utter shock and pleasant surprise at getting not only edible, but actually pretty good food from a Chinese take-away place.Tried this place because they deliver out to my job in far West Philly. So happy I did! Check out their chow fun and lo mein - both excellent. Just remember this is take-out chinese, so keep your expectations realistic. This is my new favorite place for quick cheap Chinese in West Philly!so for the most part, I dont really see that much difference in chinese take out places (unless they are super high end or super grimy). Evergreen is very good though. They are far less greasy than most and cook meats and fish well and not overcooked. also the veggies are still crunchy and alive when you eat them and not completly soaked in sauce. good Stuff.I've been getting delivery from here for a few years and have never had any major problems. One time, it took at least an hour for my delivery, but that was only once. Usually their delivery times are as expected. I wish their vegetable fried rice had a few more veggies, but it's still totally edible. Great french fries, too.Waste of time to even think about ordering from here. I ordered at 6pm, I called at 7pm to follow up on my order they were outside. I was outside for 45 minutes looking for the delivery guy. He called saying somehow he got stuck in traffic. After waiting another 15 mins I decided to cancel the order. They left the bag in front of the door and it wasn't even the right food. I left it there and told them to pick it up or I'll throw it out. I threw it out. Terrible service and lying driver. Very upsetting and will never order here again.Best Chinese delivery in University City I've tried so far.  Definitely less greasy when compared to the alternatives, and the food tastes fresher overall.
Prices are close to the other popular choices, maybe $1-$2 more.Great food . My only suggestion would be to also offer wings independently as a menu item.Terrible delivery driver and equally terrible customer service. Ordered on Grub Hub and specifically stated where in the hospital to deliver food. Delivery driver calls and says he's there and I go down to meet him and end up waiting 10 minutes. Call him back and he's yelling and cursing on the phone. Finally find him and he literally throws the bag of food at me, spilling the bag. Call the restaurant to get a refund for food I am not able to eat and they deny it happened. Grub Hub only gives a partial credit for future orders. Will never order from here again- and will be disputing the charge with my credit card companyok honestly...they just got an extra star. everytime i've ordered from them, my experiences have been pleasant. delicious and hot food packaged well with friendly and quick delivery. this is definitely my go-to spot! also, they're never stingy with their portions! i always have leftovers for at least a day or two! :)Pretty run-of-the-mill Chinese food place. Decent sauces, good wonton soup, not a whole lot of MSG (which is awesome because it makes me sick), but otherwise, nothing special. I have decided that there are no better than average Chinese places that deliver in West Philly. Do I really have to go all the way to Chinatown to get a decent Asian meal!? I thought this was a big city? Sigh...They take your money and not time to make your food... They have pre fried egg rolls noticeably as you walk upfront the counter as if to throw a slap in your face as saying I'm going to sell of of this egg roll if not freeze it.   Next visit please take a look... Food is of bad quality and not with love.. Its a patronage place of business that feeds off the community as they prepare to k I d's to attend a ivory league as the community strives to struggle to get of the same community.. There interest is not at your heart...please boycott the aggorance of  unsatisfying food thats meets your palate.  Just looking at the stockpile of pre fried eggs rolls turns your stomach... Just take a look and please boycottLove their pizza rolls and bbq ribs. Chinese food is good too, especially pork fried riceIf you have a seafood allergies and you value your life do not order from them period. They have no care for there costumer life and will aurgue you down and hang up on you when you try to tell them they sent something you didnt order. I ordered from this restaurant and they messed up my order they sent me crab Rangoon  instead of chicken nuggets i am highly allergic to seafood. They are refusing to fix  the issue and have hung up on me twice. I am extremely  upset, my lips are swelling and my throat is itching. I beg them to send the driver back out for him to take a look  They are extremely unprofessional.Best Chinese food in west Philadelphia. Delivery is always on time. Ordered in the middle of hurricane sandy and was awesome. Try the orange chickenThere are so many good things about this place. 
Ordering online is as easy as pie, they deliver, their hours are great, THE WONTON SOUP! Sure, you'll feel like a sack of rocks after eating all that delicious General Tso's chicken, but its worth it. If you are gonna stoop to (American) Chinese takeout (and lets be honest, we've all been there multiple times a month) then Evergreen is the place to go. Unless you are vegetarian. Then I'd stick to Lucky's. Better tofu, better price.Great...fast...cheap Chinese delivery. Nice sized portions.  Try the cold sesame noodles and the homeade ice teaThe crab ragoons are amazing. Good size and stuffed generously. The general tso's chicken is awesome! Fast delivery!I like Evergreen b/c they're the best Chinese delivery/take-out (that I know of) in the Spruce Hill area. We usually get lo mein, general tso chicken, garlic wings and scallion pancakes. 
Try it, it's not bad.I recently moved to West Philly and have been ordering from here for a little while. While they do have very good General Tso's chicken (it's nice and sweet, has good texture and flavor), almost everything else I have ordered from them has been terrible.
I ordered chicken chow mein for my most recent order, expecting crispy noodles and some veggies and chicken, but what I got didn't resemble this at all: there were no noodles, the chicken's texture and flavor was that of boiled chicken, the only vegetables included were cabbage and onion, all in a strangely viscous yellow-green sauce. 
My girlfriend ordered pork yat mein, which was even worse than the chow mein: greasy, mustard yellow gravy, bad flavor, etc.
Unfortunately I won't be ordering from them again.I've ordered from Evergreen twice now and I have to say that it might be my new favorite Chinese food in the area. 
It's cheap, the delivery has been within 45 minutes both times I ordered, and they give you a free ice tea if you order a certain about of food. 
Me and my roommates love the General Tsos and the wonton soup. Would recommend! Also the sweet and sour chicken I ordered was cooked perfectly. Each piece was large, light, and slightly crispy. Great with or without the sauce. 
If you are looking for a quick lunch or an order-in dinner give them a call or order through Yelp. :)I order here quite a bit, sometimes back to back days.  One time, I think I ordered twice in one day.  This is typical, take out "chinese" food, but its better than any other place that delivers to my area.
Because its only take-out, I stay safe with the usual suspects and save the fancy stuff for authentic restaurants.
Fried wings, egg rolls, cheese steak rolls, lo mein, sweet and sour chicken, crab rangoon and fried rice.  All pretty tasty, but its kind of hard to mess up fried foods.  I THINK I may have gotten Singapore Noodles from here before and it was pretty good.  Not the best I've had, but not the worst either.  It was kind of dry.
Only three stars because I only get fried foods.  Yes, that's my fault, but hell hath no fury like a woman hungry, so I get what I know I would like.I think this place hits the right spot when you're being a gluttonous slob at home watching movies or catching up on your latest T.V. shows. Portions are generous, taste is okay, and the delivery fee is cheap compared to other places on Grubhub. I like their roast pork fried rice and their steamed dumplings. Their lo-mein is okay (fried rice is better), and their entrees are also generously portioned and above-average for takeout. 
This place is definitely not sit-in but take-out and delivery only, though dining in is probably not entirely out of the question.Yum. Just.. yum. Unassuming store front but really delicious Chinese food, especially for take out! Pork fried rice and general tso are my go to's but everything I've tried has been awesome. Cash only which is unfortunate, but still well worth it!Most rudest drivers ever, which is why it only gets one star from me. You can order via Grub Hub, but this restaurant chooses to use their own delivery people. I have had them leave my food hanging on my front door knob , a couple of times. They don't follow clear, concise  delivery instructions and have wound up ringing , or knocking on side door , disturbing another person. Some of these drivers are  just plain rude. The food is very good. No complaints there, which is why I keep ordering. Just use Grub Hub to handle any problems which arise with delivery issues.Not really great. Maybe Green Garden was so bad that in comparison Evergreen was looking worthy of a lot of praise (??) / I don't know what I was thinking last time I reviewed Evergreen so I wanted to update.
I used to like to order the mixed vegetables combo platter, but most times I ordered it, the mixed vegetables smelled kind of funky (rotten funky) and that kind of freaked me out so I haven't ordered from here in a long time. It smells so good whenever I walk on that block that I am occasionally tempted to stop in, but then I remember the rotten vegetables and keep walking.My last couple orders have been pretty lackluster. Their sauce has gotten worse and I'm pretty sure they've gone from homemade sauce to a sauce from a jar. Tasted like chemicals and didn't make me feel too great. :/ Wonton soup was still good, though.I ordered from them because of the high ratings on here.
I was disappointed.
First of all, I put in three special requests when I ordered on grubhub.  They followed two, but not the other.  Also, they didn't deliver my General Tso's Chicken.  Instead, I got an order of boneless BBQ ribs.
The original order took an hour and 20 minutes to arrive.  I called them up and told them that they hadn't given me my entree and the duck sauce and mustard I had ordered with my spring roll.  It took them another half hour to get them back out to me.  An hour and 49 minutes after I had ordered, I got my General Tso's.  
When the driver came back and I shared with him my disappointment, he shook his head and told me it was being run by NEW OWNERS.
So, here's what I ordered and how it was:
Fried chicken wings:  Meh.
scallion pancakes:  Inedible.
Wonton soup:  Meh.
Fried Jumbo Prawns:  sub par
chicken lo mein:  Good.
Boneless BBQ ribs:  Good.
The much-vaunted General Tso's Chicken:  It was above average.  I mean, it was crispy, but the flavor wasn't spectacular.I've ordered from these guys twice now after being disappointed with Mandarin Palace. Evergreen delivers fast (a hair less than the 30 minute prediction), the food is hot, fresh, and actually palatable.
The Chicken Teriyaki appetizers are fantastic, and the free fried Wontons with a $15 were a nice touch. 
I'm putting this place on my regular list!I order from here at least six times a month. I get the same thing every time and I've never been disappointed. Delivery is always faster than quoted, my food is always perfect. Best West Philly spotThey really got my delivery order wrong. I ordered vegetarian chow mein and general tso's tofu and asked for no broccoli on anything because I am allergic. They delivered chow mein and sweet and sour tofu- both with broccoli. It also took about 1.5 hours to get here and I live less than a mile away. The food quality was pretty low but wasn't horrendous- hence the 2/5. Best China Inn seems to be the way to go in West PhillyI've been trying to find a palatable Chinese place in West Philly.  I used to live in New York and was spoiled at the quality of Chinese food.  When I moved here, everywhere I tried was not up to par.
This is by far the best Chinese restaurant in W. Philly.  I've tried most of them now and this stands as my favorite.  The reason?  The food is freshly made and their ingredients are fresh.  You can taste the crispiness of freshly fried sesame chicken and the crunch of fresh veggies.
Given what it is (a cheap Chinese delivery place), it's tops in my book.Evergreen rarely disappoints ! The absolute best shrimp rolls known to man ! Their chicken wings are great and the rice is good:) I also love the chicken and broccoli ! today I'm trying something new, sweet and sour shrimp!Their food is alright but the people behind the counter are pretty rude. If you do choose to get food here, I recommend ordering it either on the phone or online. When I tried to order in the store I was ignored for 10 minutes while the guy behind the counter was doing a bunch of miscellaneous things so I eventually just left.Must try General Tso Chicken!! Better than a lot of chinese food restaurants. Never had any problems with the food. Hot and ready within 5-10 minutes. Definitely worth to try.This place has really tasty American-style takeout Chinese food. You know what I'm talking about: lo mein, general tso's, scallion pancakes, etc etc. Don't judge, It has its place.
I love that you can order online, I love that they deliver, I think the food is about as good as takeout Chinese food gets. I find myself ordering from here when I don't feel like cooking and it's snowing and I don't want to leave the house. It's always worth it.This is the best Chinese food I've had in West Philadelphia. I'm sure there are plenty good ones towards campus, but Evergreen always delivers to my sketchy area 15-20 minutes faster than their Grubhub estimated time. My boyfriend sticks with the General Tso's chicken but I've had every tofu/bean curd dish and can't pick a favorite. Bean curd with black bean sauce is slightly spicy and salty with a little crunch tofu and ma po bean curd has silky soft tofu, both get ordered probably 4 x a week. Seriously love this place and the drivers are super friendly.Found this restaurant after ordering from a lot of Chinese delivery places.  Evergreen has been the best in UC for chinese takeout.  My roommates and I have been ordering from here probably once or twice a week for over a year.  Their delivery is extremely fast, granted I only live 5 blocks away and I'm sure they know every person in my house by now.  Crab rangoons, scallion pancakes, and the general tso's are staple, but everything I have had there has been good.  Portions will not leave you hungry and prices are relatively cheap with combo platters around $7.50.  I would avoid going there is person because the restaurant is not very appealing and there is no seating.I don't know why it has so many stars. It's mall Chinese food not located in a mall. Not enough food for how much you pay. Service was friendly and quick, though.The food was bland and in a big sticky glop. I got chow fun but the noodles were all stuck together in big lumps, which made it hard to eat and not very satisfying, because the noodles in the middle of the lump had barely any sauce on them. The sauce was also pretty bland. 
They did fix it quickly. It wasn't horrid, just kind of blah and dissatisfying. I have not returned for a 2nd try.Yes I was tired and hungry and felt like having Chinese but I am still giving 5 stars for the delicious, homemade steamed vegetable dumplings, the shrimp egg roll that was tasty and not greasy and the delicious, think homemade chow fun noodles. It was quick, people friendly and looked very clean and organized. Found my new go to Chinese restaurant. Prices were good.Awesome food and delivery. I ordered veg chowmein and chicken chowmein platter. I got my ordered delivered in 40 mins at home. Food was just awesome. Eggs roles are just yummy! Also, their home made ice tea was just a treat. Quantity was good and tasty and hygienic food. 
A must try !!I was looking to branch out to other Chinese restaurants in the area and I thought that I would give Evergreen a try. 
I ordered the Mongolian Beef and got a heavy order of the dish containing some beef and a overwhelming amount of onions and scallions. There was only a whisper of red peppers. They were the only veggies.
While I though that the amount of beef was on the thin side of fair, I was so disappointed to be served so many onions. 
The delivery was earlier than expected, so that helped them get 2 starts.I'll say it: I'm starting to really like this place.
This is not the most authentic or innovative Chinese restaurant, but Evergreen is great at what it does - cheap, fast, tasty American-style Chinese food.  I always get the pork chow fun and an hot and sour soup, it's always delivered to me piping hot, and it always tastes really good.  I will continue to return to Evergreen for all my greasy-delicious Chinese food needs.
One star off on principle for being cash only (WHY, PHILADELPHIA), but you can order with a credit card on Grubhub and they'll deliver it to your house!The food is great--it's very fresh. However depending on what you get the proportion of meat to veggie might be off. I got the shrimp and broccoli and the order contained exactly 4 shrimps.Was eating from Green Garden for a while, but now I am back to Evergreen and loving it. Our regular order is sesame tofu, garlic broccoli, and veggie lo mein. The lo mein is great, the sesame tofu is a little goopy but still crispy under all that sauce, and my boyfriend and I stared at each other in surprise when the garlic broccoli actually tasted like garlic!! Great!
Last time I deviated from the usual choices and ordered a combo platter with mixed vegetables, pork fried rice (converted to veggie with no issues and a few beautiful hunks of broccoli), and a veggie egg roll. Egg roll was mediocre, as veggie egg rolls that were likely once frozen from a food distributor are, but it was a revelation! The mixed vegetables were great and we got (smaller portions but) more variety than usual. If you place the order using GrubHub-- be sure to check out the "coupons" section, they offer free egg rolls or house made iced tea (warning: VERY VERY sweet) for spending $15, and quite a few other coupons too. This is our default takeout Chinese in the neighborhood.Awesome Chinese food! The sauces are unique, which I think is a critical sign that a Chinese place is doing it right (most average places have similar-tasting sauces across menu items that just taste the same after awhile). But this place did it right! We had Kung Pao chicken, general's chicken, and pork lo mein. All of these were spot-on. The delivery package was leaking and the deliverer was rude, but besides these, the food was amazing and memorable. I will be back when in the city.This is my go-to chinese delivery place in west philly. They have online ordering (I use foodler.com when I order from them) and are always polite when they deliver even when I dont hear my phone ring when they call (oops! :x) I usually order the chicken with broccoli, shrimp with broccoli (my brother called this dish Amazing and he's picky) or the boneless spare ribs (I ask the chef not to make it too crispy). Low minimum at $8 and the ice tea is great - I usually add water cause its super sweet.Best delivery chinese in West Philly. The food is fantastic, delivery is fast, amazing vegan, and the cleanest kitchen I've ever seen.Eeeehhhh it's ok. The fried rice had a crap ton of onions. Probs won't go back since it's in a kinda shady neighborhood.My friend and I had Evergreen last week and we were not at all impressed by the flavor or presentation of our selections. I had shrimp and broccoli (the shrimp tasted like cardboard) and my friend had peppersteak and onions (2 pieces of steak and an infinite amount of onions).  
Verdict: NOT AGAIN!!Well, I gave Evergreen another chance during finals week when I didn't feel like cooking. Their food has gone even further downhill. The sauce on my chicken with broccoli was gloopy, there was a wet napkin inside my spring roll bag that was stuck to my food, and lastly, the chicken with broccoli made me incredibly sick. I should have just thrown it out. Ugh...I live a block away from Evergreen, and even after trying other west philly chinese spots, this is still my favorite. The food is fresh and tastes good, is not greasy, and the service is quick. Not to mention cheap.
Look, it's not fine cuisine. But when you need cheap and quick chinese - Evergreen fulfills that need and has some great healthy options. Sesame chicken and soups are especially recommended.I had an intense craving for Chinese food and found that Evergreen had good ratings on Grubhub.  I see why!  The General Tso's was reasonably priced and tasty.  I was also very impressed by how quickly they had my order ready once I placed it online.  I would definitely go here again!I enjoyed the Mei fun noodles, they are light and not too salty or greasy. This is my go to chinese food item and restaurant now.third time's the charm. hungry, i decided to get on yelp to find some cheap chinese in the area. this place (and just one other restaurant in the area) came up with 4 stars or more. the prices were right so i decided to give them a try.
first time i ordered their house special fried rice, orange chicken, hot and sour soup. with an order of $15 or more, you have the option of a free homemade iced tea or egg roll. i opted for the egg roll. the fried rice was pretty dry for my liking and the orange chicken was just ok. maybe my west coast taste buds haven't adjusted to east coast flavors yet. the hot and sour soup was pretty good and the delivery guy was super nice. the order took a little less than an hour but was within the estimated delivery time.
second time, i decided not to get the fried rice or orange chicken. reading the great reviews on their general tso's chicken, i decided to order that and some broccoli in garlic sauce. i also got their free egg roll again. the food arrived super quick...within 30 minutes! the same delivery guy was super nice and friendly. the general tso's chicken was pretty delicious. thank you fellow yelpers. the broccoli in garlic sauce was just ok.
third time, i ordered the shrimp egg rolls, hot and sour soup, general tso's chicken and green beans in garlic sauce. everything was delicious. this time i opted for super spicy vs spicy because their spice levels seem low...if you're good with spicy, i recommend asking for super spicy to feel any kind of heat. 
their portions are huge! which is good for me because i have leftovers. delivery guy is always nice and friendly, food always arrives super hot and well-packaged (no sauces leaking) and they're super cheap! i will def order from them again! :)With such fast delivery, I prayed the food would still be good...Ohh my it was.. It was great, soooooo great, fresh and GREAT. And when I say fast delivery, I mean FAST. I had my GREAT food within 20 minutes of placing my order.I decided to give Ever Green a try (totally cheating on China House No. 5, by the way) since I tasted some of their shrimp fried rice earlier in the day.  It was fresh and hot and light.  Not greasy and fried.  Had my rating been based solely on that dish, I would've given them three stars.  
But I gave them a shot with my favorite dish -- shrimp egg foo young.  And that's why I gave them two stars.  It was burned.  :-(  
Also, I got a ginger ale.  Before I opened it, I noticed that it looked like someone had taken a swig from the bottle already.  And when I twisted the cap, there was very little fizz.  I was SO disappointed.  There's nothing like some hot Chinese food with an ice cold soda.  And tonight, I was getting neither.
Nonetheless, here are a couple of good things about Ever Green:
-- I ordered a shrimp egg roll to nosh on during the car ride home.  It was perfect.  Crispy, hot and sufficiently filled with shrimp. 
-- The service was friendly.
Despite these good points, it wasn't enough to raise the rating or earn them a second visit from me.  
China House No. 5, I'll never cheat on you again.I love this place for Chinese takeout.The veggies are fresh and tasty. I mainly get the chicken and broccoli or the shrimp fried rice. I tried a few other dishes and all.were good. I love the garlic sauce. It's terrific! When in west Philly you can't go wrong with Evergreen.This is your average Chinese takeout place. Combo platters run around $7 and come with pork fried rice and an egg roll. The sesame chicken was pretty average: a high fried-batter-to-chicken ratio, and the sauce was tooth-numbingly sweet. Seriously, they could use that sauce in place of Novocaine. It came with 2 pieces of steamed broccoli which were extremely bland, but I guess that's just what happens when you steam vegetables. Plus, I guess something has to balance out the supersweet sauce. The fried rice was fine, it wasn't as heavy and greasy as fried rice from a Chinese takeout place can be. The veggie dumplings were just okay, but then again I like my dumplings with meat, so maybe the lack of meat was the problem there. 
On the other hand, the scallion pancakes were good. They were on the thinner side and not super greasy, the way scallion pancakes should be. The lo mein looked decent as well. The french fries were really good too, with the dimensions of McDonald's fries but crisper, less salty, and not soggy at all. 
I guess the food here is less heavy and greasy than China Inn, and seems fresher. If you have a craving for greasy Chinese, this place is not it. Overall, it's decent takeout if you live in the area, but I would by no means go out of my way to eat here.I was very reluctant to try another Chinese place near in a college area... I've had terrible experiences at cheap take out places that cater to college students... usually quality drastically sacrificed in favor of only relatively low prices. I had a craving and I reluctantly ordered (by the way, no credit cards over the phone---have to use their Campusfood website).
I am about 10 blocks away and they arrived in 8 minutes! New personal record. I had the general Tso's and egg drop soup. The soup was pretty standard--not the best I've had by far--but the chicken was superb. I've only had better general Tso's once, at an upscale sit-down restaurant that catered mostly to businessmen. They even included the little chili peppers for extra spice. Definitely worth it if you're looking for quick Chinese in the area.Not as consistent as other chinese places in the area. General tso's chicken isn't spicy, but sweet and the chunks of chicken, while pretty big, are fried evenly. Tried the order of wings-- overpriced, but not bad. Needed a little more hot sauce. Lo mein is way too greasy and oily, tastes mostly like oil so the umami flavor doesn't really come through well. Beef is either old or a very bad cut, as it's chewy in the wrong way and stringy. After ordering a few times, I realized that sometimes, the lo mein isn't too bad, but this last time has me calling it quits with Evergreen. 
My friends like it because of the cheap delivery fee and how close it is with quick service, but except for the fried things like general tso's, egg rolls, dumplings (which are hard to mess up), there's nothing really edible here.Disappointed. I have eaten here more than a few times without an issue. After seeing their latest inspection results from the dept of health, I will have to find a new spot for Chinese food.This is the best Chinese take out in west philly! Good food, good prices, and the servings are large. There's really no place to sit and eat, but I always get take out or get it delivered.Great vegetarian dumplings and relatively fresh food ...and this was late at night.  Much better than a typical take out joint.Evergreen is strictly a take-out place. You walk up to the bulletproof glass and place your order. The food is decent and ready pretty quickly. They happily only accept CASH.
I'd give them four stars but the last time we got Sweet and Sour Chicken and were very disappointed. I wish I took a picture: the dish was one box of heavily breaded chicken and one container of the typical sweet fluorescent red sauce. That's it. No vegetables, not even a sad looking piece of pineapple. Try Evergreen out but, try something else besides Sweet and Sour.On second thought (/taste), this is actually the best hole-in-the-wall Chinese takeout place in West Philadelphia. 
I realize that's like saying "This is the girl with the least strains of herpes in the entire whorehouse", but it's true.Got take out tonight for the first time after hearing how amazing the food is. I got the General Tso chicken, vegetarian lo main, friend pork dumplings, and a vegetarian egg roll. The General Tso was the best part of this meal! Out of crappy Chinese places in the area, definitely the tastiest one! The lo main was ok, not earth shattering by any means. The egg roll was heavy and filling wasn't as flavorful as I had hoped. The dumpling filling was delicious but the dough was so thick.. The dipping sauce was great, I just wish there was less dough in the dumpling..
Overall an ok experience, hits the spot when the craving arises.
Delivery was fast and the food was warm!I ordered online and got small size general tsos chicken and shrimp lomein. The order got delivered in after an hour. I don't know why it took so long. But I was very happy with the food. Delicious and plenty to share. I would order from here again!Ordered lunch for delivery one Sunday while working nearby. I was eating my last bite of my wonton soup when I realized  there was a long bendy piece of METAL in my soup! See attached photo of the shard.  Two stars instead of one because at first I enjoyed it, until the obvious disappointment of a finding a foreign object in your food.The entire meal, such a disappointment. I ordered bean curd with broccoli:  the broccoli did not look fresh, the bean curd was fried too hard - had a difficult time chewing it and the sauce was overly sweet, yuck. I also ordered roasted pork egg foo yong:  the gravy was a bright yellow, never saw a bright yellow gravy before, usually brown. The egg patty was fried hard (aka) burned. The egg foo yong had no flavor, felt like I was eating cardboard. Because my ordered was over $20, I was given a complementary coupon, I order sweet and sour soup. What a huge mistake, this particular soup should have been spicy yet it was tasteless and it had a slimy, thick consistency to it. I am so upset by all of this, I plan to personally take the whole damn meal back to the restaurant and demand my money back. I don't like throwing money away. I am hopping mad. The rating on this meal was less than one star, are you kidding me. Hopping mad???hey evergreen, have you noticed your business falling a little bit? here's why...
i've stopped ordering from them and so have about five people i know in the neighborhood. not because the food sucks. their food's still good, portions are big and they are very cheap. i've stopped ordering from them because their driver/delivery guy is an asshole. he waits for you to walk out to the street to pick up your order. he never walks the food up to you. he'll just sit in his car. one of my neighbors asked him why he wasn't walking into the building because he literally was outside holding her food up, and he didn't answer her. instead he just waved his hand to her as to dismiss her and drove off. too bad evergreen...you were so promising. you need to either retrain this asshole or fire him.Good food. Terrible delivery service. They never get out of the car and you have to come to their car to get your food. The first time it happened I thought it was just an ignorant driver, nope. I guess that's the policy. I pay for delivery and I want the food delivered to my door. I don't want to put on a coat and shoes to go outside and get my food. That's why I ordered delivery, to stay in the comfort of my home! No more delivery orders for me and I don't recommend anyone order delivery from them.This is a honest review after having ordered many of their popular items on the menu over 2 years. 
- I give 5 stars to their most popular/famous general tso chicken dish. The chicken is fried well and crispy in a delicious sweet sauce (best I've ever had). Comes with rice and two large pieces of broccoli. The freshness and quality has always been excellent and consistent.
-Sweet tea is very tasty and their wonton and egg drop soup is good too!
- I had to subtract 1 star from the overall score bc the rest of the items I've ordered (pork dumplings, crab rangoons, scallion pancakes, chicken teriyaki, shrimp teriyaki, and shrimp toast were not very good and average at best.
I recommend giving them a try if you live near Penn and West Philly area for chinese food.Not sure what all they hype is about.  Tried the general tso chicken and it was ehh. If you want real delicious general chicken, I suggest chili szechuan on 42 and chestnut. That place is bomb.