Pros: good side dishes in philly. Freshly cooked soup at your table with the smell of grilling meat. $15 special for pork belly, which is $20 at Seorabol, and an absurd $45 at Kim's. 
cons: Slightly overpriced. $30 for an order of soup, but can share as a side dish between ~5 people.Got a groupon to this place after seeing some pretty decent reviews. First impression- hole in the wall. Parked in the back because a sign in the front said so, and man we got lost. There was an open door leading to a sketchy staircase. No signs where put up to indicate where to go and there where 3 different doors. Finally found the entrance and where quickly seated. The menu was mostly korean but english subtitles. What the groupon failed to mention was you have to order 2 full meals in order to use the grill. Which the meals are 20+ dollars. Food was okay, the ribs where awesome. But there where these little gnats that wouldn't leave us alone and gnats are NOT a good sign at a restaurant. When were leaving, we noticed an employee sitting at a side table peeling something and had her bare feet on a chair next to her. So unsanitary; so overall we couldn't get over the sanitary conditions and we will not be going back.I haven't eaten at this place in about 2 years because of my experience here. I can say however that their food is good, but their service really, really, REALLY shocked me the last time I came with my fiancée and for that reason, I will never return. 
I have eaten here numerous times with my family members (who are Korean) and once with my fiancée (who is black). I never had a bad experience when I came to eat with my family nor the first time I came to eat with my fiancée. But the second time we came for dinner was our last time.
We were seated by a man and were given the menu. We sat there for about 10 minutes before we seen a white couple come in, then a party of about 6 Korean young adults, and then another elderly Korean couple. We sat there and literally watched the other parties have their food served to them. I was appalled and so was my fiancée. We wanted to see how long it will actually take the server (or even anyone else working there) to see we have not been given water nor has anyone came to our table to see if we were ready to order. And mind you, we were sitting right in front of the register where the waiter was standing behind. 
It was disgusting to know that this man seen us sitting there with no water, no food, no "what can I get you guys tonight", nothing. We sat there for a good almost 40 minutes before my fiancée thought enough is enough because we weren't even seen as customers in there. When we both got up to leave, that's when the server finally asked us why were we leaving. WHY ARE WE LEAVING? We are leaving because we came in here and watched you and your coworkers serve food to the three other parties that came in for dinner and we literally sat there and watched you run around for these Korean and white people, but as soon as a 8 month pregnant Korean lady with a black man comes in, we're treated as if we are invisible. LITERALLY. That is why we left this restaurant. We could've spent good money with them that night, but we chose to kindly get up and leave and let them know that their service was not worth our money. We ended up at Seorabol which is down the street. They do not care what your skin color/ethnicity is and their food/service is so much better. It was a waste of an hour trying to see if we will be served. It is embarrassing to me that my own people would treat us like that. Thanks for your horrible service, I won't even spend my last penny with you guys. Hire some new people that aren't so stuck in their generation. Last time I checked, this is America the melting pot.I loved the meat there, sadly I wished we could cook them ourselves without supervision. Only gave 4 stars cause It's a bit pricey but other than that, Everything tasted really good. I would like to go there again~This is my first experience here and it is on a Friday night. They missed one of the orders and the service is quite slow (understandable since they have many customers). The food was good but nothing exceptional compared to other Korean restaurants that I have tried.They were actually really good!! The reviews made me kinda ehh to go but it exceeded our expectations. The food was really and our boy that served us was really nice, informative and cute! Only downside is that it's a lil pricey but I guess most Korean BBQ place is around this price so wasn't that bad.The food here was very good. The staff was friendly enough. No frills just good food. I read some folks thought the area was suspect. Was in a working class neighborhood. The pork belly and short rib was my favorite.Not impressed. I feel cheated out of my k bbq experience. I've been to many k bbqs all over, including ones in China, LA and south philly and this was a let down for sure. And what sucks is I brought my boyfriend here to try to win his taste buds over so now my restaurant picking card is revoked haha. 
This place was just weird. There's a parking lot in the back but no clear sign of where to enter. And then be prepared to bbq on a portable hot plate as the built in grills don't operate. How do you run a k bbq business and not perform maintenance on what I feel is the most important aspect of the experience???...
The food lacked flavor. The "marinated" meat left much to be desired. Very unimpressive side dishes as well. We also ordered kimchi fried rice that was so underwhelming...I took the leftovers home and refried it with some seasonings & I must say tasted waaay better after the adjustments. Thank goodness for my $17 for $35 groupon (even though we spent an additional $30)...it's extremely overpriced for something you might as well cook for yourself at home.I've been to other restaurants around the area such as serabol and Kim's but I wanted to try this area because I have a coupon for it. But this is probably the worst service I've had at a restaurant. A middle aged lady served us. She put the dishes down with an attitude. The food was okay but service was horrible.I always have such a delicious and satisfying meal here. Their pork belly (samgyupsal) is thick cut and super fresh. You can really taste the difference from the restaurants that serve frozen pork belly.  I always get naengmyun too... my must-have meal item when eating Korean. One of the best bowls of naengmyun in Philly. The banchan is also really flavorful and fresh.  While your there, don't forget to order a bottle of soju  or makkeoli to pair with your meal!  Hits the spot.This is our favorite Korean BBQ in this neighborhood.  Great if you don't feel like parking down town.  Really enjoy the food every time we go.Still liked a lot.  Still has probably the best banchan in the area.Used to come here often with my family. I haven't gone in a few months, and boy have they changed!!.... normally I wouldn't want to leave such a negative feedback, but it should be pointed out because I have never felt so disappointed in a korean restaurant in the philly/south jersey area. 
The older aged waitress with the really curly long hair has got to be the worst waitress I have met!! She was not friendly at all from the start, never offered a greeting or said anything other than muttering  "yes", and had to be the most miserable person I met. Granted, I figured she was having a bad day and kept brushing it off... During the meal, I heard a huge clatter in the kitchen where she knocked down dishes and saw her storming off. She never bothered to ask us how we were doing during the meal, and practically threw the side dishes on our table, and gave us an attitude for politely asking her to turn the ventilation on since the smoke was everywhere and in our eyes... WORST. CUSTOMER. SERVICE. EVER.
Now the food: used to be very good months ago. But the meat was not fresh or something because everyone who ate the bbq ended up having an upset stomach. 
Such a shame that a place that used to be so good is now not that great... ):Great side dishes, great window view. Great rib-eye BBQ and Kimchi Pancake. Very valued food and authentic decoration. Quite Satisfied generally, not with the cleanness of the bathroom though.First time here and the food was really good. Ordered the korean pancakes (seafood and kimchi) and they were amazing. Probably the best pancakes than other korean resturants. I got beef with rice in a hot stone pot. Really filling but I wish there was more flavor in the beef. I'll try the spicy pork one instead. 4 stars because the service was lacking. It was not busy during lunch hour but had to keep asking/signaling for the waiter to come by if we need anything. Also they have a groupon, which makes the price even better.
Update: the pancakes and spicy stirfry are amazing. Everything else I would not order. The eel dish was tiny but the chicken dish is a new favorite. The service was very bad or should I say no service. The groupon is what makes me come here.5 for the naengmyeon and 3-4 for everything else. 
For those who don't know, naengmyun is a Korean soup made with an icy sweet/savory broth, buckwheat noodles, and topped with thin sliced cucumbers, Asian pear, boiled egg, thin sliced beef, and radish. The first time I ever tried it was at another Korean restaurant in Philly and I wasn't that in to it (super chewy noodles and broth that wasn't too flavorful), but then I tried naengmyun at Everyday Good House and it became one of my go to orders (and I've failed to find Everyday Good House's equal): it's light yet flavorful, slightly tart, and very refreshing. 
Other great stuff: sundubu and other soups.
Not so great stuff: Seafood pancake (way too much dough and not enough seafood, also pretty oily), Korean BBQ (very small portions for what you're paying). 
In conclusion: get naengmyeonWhile the food is great and worth the trip the service and environment leaves a lot to be desired. The chairs are sticky so are the tables and the floor. The service is basically nonexistent you will wait ages for any type of help from the waiter. The price is a bit high depending on how you order. For example, if you order 3 orders of meat you will really only get 1 and a half to 2 orders but still get charged for 3. As a good tip, order one order at a time and see the portions you get compared to ordering a lot at once. The food is great but that's as far as the ratings go. Good food, bad service, average price.My ABSOLUTE go to for cold spicy naeng myun noodles and krn BBQ combo. Can not have one without the other! Make sure to ask for extra broth on the side as a palate cleanser :)This place was awesome. The food was amazing. Some of the best Korean food I've had in a while. Coming from center city it's hard to find decent Korean food. This place was delicious. Tons of side dishes too. What really made it was the staff. I've read other reviews and I have to say I disagree with them. The staff were super amazing and attentive. Definitely helped make the experience great. Will definitely be going back here soon.Found this spot on Groupon omg so good so many options. It's clean parking is minimal in front of the restaurant but plenty on the street.  Walk in very welcoming sit you immediately.  Very inviting you see all these grill plates of food coming out tossing did onto the grill! Heads up you have to order to entrees to utilize the grill. It's built right into the table fire it up abs good to go.  The bacon beef entrees were amazing.  Go enjoy your self and get that 18% beer. Tastes like vodka sake soda mix.Wow, what can I say?  The floor show (Guy pissing in the bushes as we pulled up) I thought would set the tone but the meal was wonderful.  My family and I never had KBBQ prior and the waiters were very helpful, walking through everything.  We all enjoyed it.An unassuming place in a not-so-posh neighborhood, but the food was good, staff was very helpful and polite. Service was well above what i expected based on some previous reviews. The interior is not spectacular, but decent. 
My companion and i found the place considerably more expensive than logic would have it. You pay $24.95 for the brisket BBQ, and another $19.95 for the pork belly BBQ, and if bbq meat is what you are after, you are better off eating at a chain steak restaurant. More meat at a better price.  What you get at Everyday Good House is maybe 3 ounces of brisket and about 4 ounces of pork belly. You do get full due to the beautiful purple rice and multiple side dishes, but, sadly, not thanks to the abundance of meat. Other items on the menu seem to be priced unreasonably as well. Without the groupon, we would not have found this place worth trying.
So, to sum up: the food and service were lovely, the price - not so much.I came here the other night because I had a $40 dollar groupon gift card for this place but did it really matter since I ended up paying 53 bucks on the side? 
I am a huge fan of the ddukbbokki (spicy rice cakes) here. The rice cakes are big and juicy and the sauce is super spicy. 
We got the pork belly with the marinated short ribs. They were okay. The pork belly was super dry and the marinated short ribs were good but were kind of thin and the quantity was slacking hard core I was still hungry! So we got some cold naengmyun noodles and soondooboo. I love that the rice here is purple, a huge fan of that.
The side dishes aren't bad either. I liked the apple salad and the spicy green leaf salad for the meat in the bbq.
The soondooboo was good. Nothing wrong but the naengmyun was a little bland. The noodles and broth were decent but the broth didn't have to be so tarty.
I would come back here if they raised the quantity of meat. Seorabol seems to have more meat but this place is better than Kim's BBQ.Such a great place for good food. Got the Groupon and was very happy with the amount of food I got. Their banchan was spot on. A place I would go when I'm craving Korean food.Came here because of a Groupon listing and me and my girlfriend decided to try the place out. We arrived and the décor and furniture were outdated and unclean. The chairs and table were sticky. The BBQ equipment had debris and looked liked it hadn't been cleaned in months. The food lacked any flavor compared to other Korean restaurants, only thing that was good was the rice. The service was slow and the waiter rarely checked on us to see if we needed help. My girlfriend ordered oyster pancakes to take home and ended up getting food poisoning from it that same evening. Do not come here. There are many Korean restaurants in Philadelphia of much higher quality for the same price.Good Korean style barbeque in a relaxed setting. A great place to sit, talk, eat and drink the night away. BYOB. Afterwards head over to their karaoke rooms and sing your lungs out as you digest. 
Tasty, fun and inexpensive.I went here because it was on Groupon and everything was delicious. We did the BBQ which gives you so much food and there are so many sides which were also all delicious. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful too.My favorite place for BBQ! I always have Wang Gal Bi. The meat is so soft and not that sweet, while other restaurants put lots of sugar in it. There also a Korean traditional soup comes with the Wang Gal Bi. Highly recommended.Overrated, IMO. I'm big on cleanliness so I give props to that. I had the mulnengmyun, and I was basically chewing on some rubber tires instead of noodles.So disappointed thought I was coming to a great Korean barbecue, They were not that busy, service was horrible, we were 1 of the 3 tables that were only there and our table was the only one that didn't get any service. Ask for a pair of scissors to cut the pork belly and we never got it. A refill of water was forgotten as well.Total sleeper! 
This may not be the most ideal location for a lot of Yelpers (considering its Northeast Philly/North Philly public transit deadzone), but I would highly recommend coming here for your Korean BBQ fix.
A friend of ours has been coming here for years, despite the original location being in NYC.
We ordered the beef short ribs and pork belly as well as the rib-eye. All were phenomenal and I definitely recommend ordering the rice cakes. While one has the option of cooking, the host/waiter nicely took over the grill and prepared our dishes for us.
The decor of the place is pretty standard for a Korean barbeque joint: a large open space with communal tables, and a bizarre view of the parking lot. Apparently when it first opened the tables were outside, breaking probably all of Philadelphia's dining laws in those first months of business.
The pork belly was a major hit with the group. The accompanying vegetables, particularly the seaweed, kimchi cabbage, and seasoned green beans were all so delicious.
I will say this: For non-frequent eaters of KBBQ, beware of the extra salty dipping sauce...be conservative with your dipping, or you'll end up like me with no taste and a dry mouth for 24 hours!
Make a trip up to Olney and try the authentic Korean bbq, it's worth it.This place has the best bibimbap , I used to come here all the time for lunch and only order the bibimbap. It comes in a hot stone, with the rice on the bottom and assorted vegetables on top. I don't know what's so special about their's , its just the rice on the bottom is so crispy but not burned like other places. The ban chan are also good , they are assorted little dishes . 
I came here once for dinner and ordered a order of pork belly , since its just one order hey cook it in the kitchen for you. I really didn't like it, it was greasy and flavorless. 
This place is small , kinda hard to find.Came here during memorial day. Not impressed at all. The service was awful, maybe because none of the people I was with was Korean, just saying. Also one of the customers got into an argument with the management... so maybe it just wasn't us. 
But anyways.. we ordered cold noodles, korean bbq, some fish. It took forever for them to give us the side dishes. They left it at the table next to us, for about 20 minutes before they actually put it on our table. The korean bbq was not that good, Ive had alot better. the cold noodles was the only good part of the meal. The fish was okay, nothing special, probably could've just cooked it myself. 
I would recommended going to BOBOS! Bobos also gives better side dishes along side with the korean bbq! and their service is alot better.
The only good thing about everyday good house is that it was relatively cheap for korean bbq.Last night, I came here for dinner, and this morning I'm feeling the after effects of the food I ate.  I ordered the bibim nang myun, which tasted good at the time, but it had to have been loaded with salt or possibly with MSG because I woke up at 5am feeling disgusting.  I'm at work now and still feeling it.  And only now do I remember 2 different friends telling me that they always feel sick after eating their nang myun.  I know that some people go here just for that, but I will definitely avoid it next time I come here.I'm liking this place less and less.  
Service wasn't as good today, there were many more people than at previous meals.
Also, the food overall while good, we didn't feel was as high quality.
The only one we really liked was the seafood dukbokki.We went there from a groupon deal and glad we tried it.  My friend said that this place is more of a mom and pop spot. It was good, the people where nice. The pork belly was my favorite.Whoa!! My friend and I ate about two pounds of bulgogi.  Incredible stuff. The folks at Everyday Good House obviously know how to buy quality cuts of beef. The marinade was perfectly formulated and the spicy sides were all excellent.  Service is a bit chaotic, but that's part of the charm.This place is very disgusting there was roach in the hot plate. Please beware of this place. The people are really rude and they have no sense of customer service.First time here and the food was really good. Ordered the korean pancakes (seafood and kimchi) and they were amazing. Probably the best pancakes than other korean resturants. I got beef with rice in a hot stone pot. Really filling but I wish there was more flavor in the beef. I'll try the spicy pork one instead. 4 stars because the service was lacking. It was not busy during lunch hour but had to keep asking/signaling for the waiter to come by if we need anything. Also they have a groupon, which makes the price even better.A great place for sam gyup sal (Korean style bacon) or nang myun (cold noodle soup)!  This place is a dive, in not-so-nice part of north Philly but worth the drive.BBQ is worth trying and if you like Korean cold buckwheat noodles, its pretty good here. Service could be improved.Perfect place to go for a cold bowl of 'Chik Neng Myun' (buckwheat noodles with vegetables) on a hot summer day. 
Also a good place for Korean BBQ and much else. Not a lot of Korean restaurants do this esp not in Philadelphia but Everyday Good House is known for giving decent 'service' dishes.We used to come here late at night after tennis matches. The owner and waiters are very accommodating and attentive. We sit around drinking soju and eating kalbi and samgyupsal. The meat here is good quality and marinated well. They're open pretty late. The stew meant to be shared with friends are also delicious. We usually get the seafood one and they bring it out with the portable stove. It smells amazing and you can feel yourself drooling just as the food is ready to be eaten.
Then we head to the karaoke room downstairs after filling our stomachs.It was one of my best spots. Great food and big nice window to look outside. 
I chilled after lunch and fill in my promo code of the sign-ups while I still worked for one of the telecommunication company. 
Enough sides. Good food.food is pretty good. i do like their banchan and their meat. however, the service is HORRIBLE. i had a very grumpy middle aged waitress who gave me the biggest attitude ever, especially when setting up and cleaning the table which was pretty gross. they didn't really turn or pay attention to our meat, which ended up burning, i'd go for food, but not for service...Not as plentiful w/ the side dishes, but the charcoal grilled galbi is exceptional.  The meat is really good.
Very homey.  Reminds me of those small korean restaurants outside the city.It just doesn't get any better if you're an extreme carnivore like I am.  I've come here a few times with very large crowds (15+ people) and the staff was great.  You can roll your own coolers in full of beer and wine and proceed to get pissy drunk while you bbq your own food @ the table.   Shrimp, bulgogi, flank steak, pork belly are some of my favorites.  The meat platters come w/ unlimited side dishes of Kimchi, veggies and my favorite, seaweed salad, which will help all that meat exit pleasantly the day after.
After dinner you can go downstairs and rent karaoke rooms, this place is a blast and has quickly become one of my favorite spots in Philly.  A must go for bbq lovers!Our go-to place in Philly for largeish celebrations and groups. Why? Because you can lug in all the booze you want and proceed to get piss drunk for hours. I think the overpriced food makes it workable for them, so whatever, win-win. I've always had Korean-speaking people here, so I don't know much about the service and what not.There is no flavor in food, not tasty... At all. And it's pricey as well. Wouldn't went there without coupon thing...had fish egg soup, spicy baby octopus with bean sprouts, cold noodle... It was reaallllly disappointing food everFlavors better than Pan Dol Re and Se Ra Bol, based on only one meal though.  Most definitely worth checking out, and that it's mixed in with the New World Karoake and SB makes it more convenient to do some other things before/after too.We were greeted with a sour face, they were smiling until we enterered, first odd ness...then, they barely spoke english and everything we wanted to order, they were conveniently out of...therefore, we were forced to eat what they wanted to serve us.  the water was brought to our table in a dirty looking plastic container...the hot tea we requested tasted what urine smells like...they were pushy and rude the entire time, including when they dropped the check ....she put it in front of me - a girl ( it was myself and a man) and stood there w/ arms crossed waiting for us to pay that moment...my guy friend did not fare well, he had to go take a massive crap after 3rd bite of meat...on way to the bathroom he saw the kitchen and it was disgusting w raw meat sitting out on the counter unattended and water and soap all over around it.  He said the bathroom almost made him puke.   My belly was upset all night after the meal.  we could not get out of that place fast enough.  I was brought to the restaurant by a Groupon with pictures that tempted me but was nothing like that in person.  Also, i have been to these types of places before across the country, the allure of it is to cook your own meal at the table...these ladies pushed us out of the way and handled it themselves while at our table, despite my male friend telling her we could handle it ourselves.  My male friend travels to many asian countries all the time and was horrified as to the behavior of these women. Also, one more odd thing, the one woman was drawn to a ring of mine, she almost yanked it off my hand and demanded to know how much i paid for it:(  
All in all, i would NEVER return nor would i suggest it to anyone in the future...
I do wish i had better things to say, i was really excited to go to this place:(1st time: Our group of 15 came here and they handled everything nicely except I kept hearing things fall and break..I'm not so much a fan of the banchan but their salad thing was really good ! I'm assuming we all had Kalbi, and that was really good.
2nd time: my friend and i got bulgogi & dukbokki, we didn't finish the dukbokki but the food was good. It's his favorite restaurant.Have not tried KBBQ here yet but  I had the seafood pancake and an octopus casserole. The food was filling but not the tastiest of Korean cuisine. Some of the bonchon dishes were kind of soggy and unpleasant. The octopus in our casserole was served pretty much whole and we had to hack it apart with a pair of shears. It was somewhat rubbery and difficult to swallow. The broth was well-seasoned though. Booze is ridiculously overpriced here ($10 for soju!) so I recommend bringing your own or drinking elsewhere. I would probably visit Everyday Good House again if it was in a better location.I think this is the best place to have neng myun (cold buck wheat noodles) and korean bbq.  The thing that separates them from other places is that they use actual charcoal, and you can grill it at the table.  Everything here is pretty good and on par with traditional Korean food.  The side dishes are plentiful and delicious.  The best as I mentioned before is the neng myun, so if its a hot summer day and you want something that would refresh and cool you down, come here.This place compared to Kim's is so much more affordable and they give decent amount of sides. Besides the pricing, the quality and quantity is pretty much the same, if not better. 
I particularly love their rice. It's not your typical white rice but purple rice. Tastes delicious. 
The service can sometimes be a little awkward, but that's because this place is more targeted towards actual Koreans, in my opinion. They're still very nice. My niece left something at the table, but luckily the staff there came chasing after us. Very sincere people!I am really really picky about my Korean food because I'm a spoiled kid who's always used to great Korean cuisine from California. But, this place might have had the best Chick Neng Myun and LA Galbi combo I have ever had. I don't know why you would honestly get anything else there. I know I know, Philly is always gloomy and cold. Why in the world would you ever get neng myun unless it was a super hot summer? Let me just say 1. I got this in the midst of winter when I was freezing my butt off and 2. I am not even a huge fan of neng myun, but it just blew me away. And from what my friends say and what the other reviewers seem to think, stay away from most of the other items on the menu. Service was pretty solid even though it seemed like a slow day. They even gave us a free entree for making us wait for so long.Every time I come back to Philly I go here because of the fond memories.  Their pamuchin (salad) is the the best, and I like that it can seat like, 20 people.  I also like the food.  New World Karaoke next door too!  Kind of a shady area, but I always went with a large group, so it wasn't a problem.Food is medicore. There is ZERO ventilation, and the dishes smell like dishwasher. Waitress was an absolute monster. Baked in Cruella makeup with the attitude to match. 
What happened to this place?Decided to come in for lunch yesterday and expected something much better considering the reviews has it as one of the better korean bbq places in North Philly. 
The service was kinda slow but Im not gonna dog them too much on that since they probably aren't used to serving too much at lunch time.  
I really like the way the dining area is laid out, with the big windows sitting on the top of the karaoke section in the back it makes it seem like we are eating at a higher location than it actually is which is nice since I can find more stuff to look at. 
Now the food, the banchan tasted unspectacular but the refills were automatic so that was nice. The bbq tasted more or less the same but the Pajeon, the seafood pancake, a must at every korean bbq dining experience was awful. It tasted extremely doughy like it was fried unevenly and the ingredients tasted like "leftovers" Im sure there is a high chance that my pajeon was reheated. The squid tasted hard but just the texture alone would lead me to believe that it wouldn't have tasted that great even if fresh. 
Kim's on 5th while not as good as it used to be is still better than Everyday Good House IMHO.This is my favorite Korean bbq place in the Philly area.  They use actual charcoal too, which is not common, but adds a distinct flavor to the bbq'd meet.  
I think the pricing is pretty standard here for quality meets (which in general is not cheap).  
I usually order: the marinated galbi and bulgogi, and the Chadol baegi, and the seafood paejan (pancake), and kimchee fried rice.
Notably, I haven't been to too many places in Philly that offer Chadol baegi (thinly sliced unmarinated fatty beef), so having this here is a real treat.  I would definitely recommend this order of meat if you're dining here.
Also, the accompanying salad (for lack of the right term) that you're supposed to eat the meat with is amazing.  Don't forget to ask for it if they happen to forget it.
I find that their service is pretty decent when there aren't too many tables to serve.  But once the place gets crowded, the service is so-so.  But I guess that's what the call buttons on the table are for...This place is great! I love the pork belly and short rib off the bone! It's a lot of fun to cook the food yourself. Very nice staff, nice atmosphere. Will definitely visit again!Had a hankering for some kalbi and nengmyun after a hot hot eagles game. The food is not bad it's on par with the surrounding Korean restaurants in the area. Their service game is lacking though, we pretty much had to ask for everything and there was no smile or any warmth with the service. It's kinda off putting when you're eating and you have to ask for simple things constantly with a cold ok. I felt like I was bothering my server and usually I don't mind if my server isn't very talkative but this was more like she was not wanting to be there. Oh well maybe it was a bad day. Regardless if you're in the area it's not a bad place to get food just don't expect exceptional service.I love coming here for the cold noodle dish (naengmyun). I think it's the best around (besides my mom's). Generally the other food here is great also like the korean style barbecue. I love that they serve brown rice here as well. The price is average. Definitely a go-to place that I crave.It was just ok.  Food is decent but for what you pay, you can definitely have a better experience and quality at some other places close by.  
What I can say though is that the experience seems to be very authentic KoreanIf I were to compare this place to a Korean restaurant in LA, this would get 2/5 instead of 4/5 but since we're in Philly, I'll do my best to keep it relevant to its location and competition.
With that being said, for Philly, this is pretty good, if not pretty damn expensive. But hey, what can you do when there's really no other competition in the area for decent Korean food? Go capitalism!
I've been here at least 3-4 times in the past 2 months with family and we always order a lot of food so I got to taste a fair bit amount of their menu which is large (or average for Korean restaurant standards). I thought their dolsot bibimbap was really good. I didn't think they put in enough quality veggies but the flavors were still pretty good. Their nengmyun is pretty good too (probably the best in the area) so they have that going. 
The Korean BBQ is very expensive and you don't get a lot for what you pay for. And this, I am comparing not just to other Korean restaurants in the area but also LA. The meat quality is decent to good (not amazing) or better than the Philly Korean BBQ average but the amount is pathetic and the taste is so-so because of their marinade. It came across as too strong, too marinated. I'm all for Korean BBQ marinade but it has to be done right. Otherwise, with great quality meat, no marinade necessary.
Service is alright and they'll change out the grill without bitching unlike some of the Korean restaurants in LA. They're pretty attentive with cooking your meats for you or filling your drinks but when it gets busy in here, you'll have to remind them a few times for refills on the banchan or salad mix.
I'd probably keep coming here but will probably stay away from their Korean BBQ option as it's way too expensive to be worth it. But the rest of the stuff is pretty good.
Parking: Park on the street or further in the neighborhood
Price: $15+ per person / Korean BBQ $30+ per person
Wait: 10 mins after orderingAs a native of Philadelphia, I've seen many Korean restaurants come-and-go. 
If someone is in the mood for good Korean, particularly BBQ, I always bring them here. The area is a little sketchy, but there's a lot of lights and cameras. And also, North Philly is pretty sketch anyway. 
The establishment is pretty big, and there's a parking lot. If you guys are feeling karaoke, there's a pretty big Korean NRB in the same building downstairs.
Charcoal BBQ is awesome. Really, any meat on that grill is going to be great. Prices are reasonable. For some reason, it is almost 1/2 price for Fresh (saeng) Pork Belly right now. 
The junggols (hot stews) are great, and the portions are HUGE. The banchans are good, and they do not skimp out on this. Many Korean restaurants in Center City just give sub-par, veggie banchan, but not here. Sometimes, they give out potato pancakes, acorn jelly (better than it sounds) as a "main" banchan. Awesome.
I can't wait for the summer so I can get their naengmyun (cold noodles). 
The service is good. They have a good selection of Korean liquor and some non-Korean beer selections. You can't buy the Korean liquor to-go, though.
After your meal, you get an awesome bowl of shikhae (rice punch)! The best part is the shaved ice in it, which feels so good after the Korean BBQ.
My to-go Korean place in Philly.You may not get a waitress who smiles for better tip, but the food is legit and there's ample parking in front and behind the store.The worst experience ever. They made us wait 15 mins to be seated when there was 4 tables available. Definitely not baby friendly and didn't give us the highchair I went and found one. Gave No refills for Water. The tables were sticky to touch. Don't think they cleaned our table. Will not recommend this place to anyone.830pm on a Saturday night and they werent packed. But service was extremely slowww.. Almost nowhere to be found. My friends had to get up to wave a server down. They were short of some banchans, claiming it was all sold out. Ran out of salad which had to be made on the spot. My friends were disappointed. Finished up and we headed elsewhere.This is probably my favorite Korean BBQ place in Philadelphia. I've enjoyed every time I'm here and always end up ordering too much because everything looks amazing. Of course then I eat it all.
They use charcoal in their table top grills here. This adds to the smoky flavor of the grilled meats. 
- Kalbi - On the bone deliciousness.
- Bulgogi - Marinated sweetly and grilled table top.
- Chadolbaegi - This is something I love in LA but for some reason don't find a lot of it in Philly. Thinly sliced meat, it just needs 30 seconds on the grill to get nice and tender.
- Kimchi fried rice - Topped with a fried egg. The perfect accompaniment to the grilled meat.
The salad that comes with the meat is really good too... I can eat bowls of that (and I often ask for seconds).
The service is really friendly and this really is a great place to pass the evening with a group of friends and some drinks (soju anyone?)
As with most Korean BBQ places, be prepared to smell the meaty deliciousness on your clothes after you leave!