I have always walked past this place and every single time it is busy. I finally decided to stop in and grab some schwarma to go. I only wanted the meat as I had a salad waiting at home. I must say, the schwarma was outstanding. Very flavorful and the worker who served me was very friendly. I will be back!I've been waiting for something new to open in the neighborhood and think that Falafel Time is a great addition. I recently got the Sam's Platter which came with an assortment of meats, falafel, fresh pita, salad, hummus, and rice. The meats were fresh and well seasoned. The pita was fluffy and had great flavor. The humus was amazing as others have noted. The falafel also had great seasoning, wasn't greasy, and wasn't too heavy. We were also given an almond cake(?) to try and it melted in the mouth--was honestly one of the best desserts I've had in a while. 
The staff is friendly and the spot is conveniently located. The space is small but it does not detract from the great flavors that are being delivered.
**my partner had the same dish and he is normally not a fan of eating out. He has been talking about Falafel Time since. They deserve a try!Let me preface by saying that I haven't had the falafel yet...  But the  shawarma (chicken), kofta kebab (lamb), and shish kebab (beef) sandwiches (on pita, of course!) have been delicious for lunch over the past few days.  The meats are very well seasoned, not too little, not too much.  The pitas are fresh with a bready texture -- not as bread-like as Moroccan pitas but not at all like the leather pouches that are sometimes passed off as pitas.  The sandwhichs have generous white sauce (tahinni & garlic I presume).  The sauce is liquid, rather than paste.  
Falafel Time is a welcome addition (and improvement) to the neighborhood fast food options in the South Square area.Oh my god. The meat here is amazing. It's well-seasoned and grilled to perfection. I recommend getting the Mixed Grill to try a little bit of everything. Chicken kebab is some of the best I've had. If you're looking for delicious and fresh Middle Eastern food, this is the spot in Grad Hospital. 
There are some kinks to work out. The inside doesn't really lend itself to eating there. There are like 4 bar top seats and 2 small metal tables in the back. Additionally, it can get really busy at night and there are only 2 people on staff. Might help to get an additional person to help out. Additionally, platter didn't come with hummus or tabbouleh ($1 extra).What a great addition to the neighborhood! Although its name suggests vegetarian, Falafel Time serves both veg and non-veg halal Middle Eastern cuisine. We ordered for pick-up the baba ghanoush, mixed grill platter (mix of chicken kebab, chicken shawarma, and kofta kebab) and the falafel platter. The baba ghanoush was the best I've ever tried....so creamy and rich. The mixed grill was delicious with the shawarma being a stand-out. The falafel platter is served with a generous portion of falafels and hummus on the side. The falafels were crisp and not at all greasy, but of all the food we ordered, they were my least favorite as they were a little dry and the flavor could be amped up. Platters are served with your choice of French fries or rice and salad. We ordered rice with both and it was more than enough for four adults and a toddler. Make sure to get extra tahini and harissa on the side if you like a spicy sauce. Despite the falafels being a little lacking, I would still give them five stars as the food is so fresh and yummy, the folks working there are very kind and polite, and the food was ready quickly (20 minutes for pick-up.) we'll definitely be going back to try more items!Are you sick of living in eastern standard time? ENTER FALAFEL TIME! I found it to be a time and space focused on things that matter most in life like deliciousness, kabobs, and joy. So go ahead... ENTER FALAFEL TIME!
But seriously this place was really good and the owner was awesome! Highly recommend for a quick healthy meal!This place has fresh, delicious, well-prepared food and has quickly become one of my favorite lunch spots.  Though, anytime you're in the mood for falafal, shish kabab, shawarma, grape leaves, rice, kafta, etc., this place will certainly do the trick!tl;dr a Mediterranean takeout restaurant with large platters at a slightly premium
In a neighborhood that's begging for more diverse food options, Falafel Time is a welcome addition. Falafel Time popped up in Graduate Hospital seemingly out of nowhere, replacing a BBQ restaurant that had been there for years.
Before you go, take note that Falafel Time is first and foremost a takeout restaurant. The tiny space is divided in half into kitchen and dining area, offering a mere 2 metal tables and thin counter for dine-in patrons. These seem more like a polite gesture for people who didn't call ahead of time -- the guy behind the counter was surprised when I sat down at a table and opened up my box. The space is on the grungy side with its off-white fluorescent lighting and relatively disjointed decor. Loud buzzing appliances and the clanging of cookware dominate any sense of tranquility that you otherwise had, so better to take your food to go anyway.
I ordered the Mixed Grill Platter, which comes with shawarma, chicken kebab, and kofta kebab. The shawarma was flavorful and well-cooked, definitely ranking among the best I've had. The chicken kebab was good, but nothing special; I was happy to have it coated in a robust white yogurt sauce to give it some flavor. But the kofta kebab was chewy and underwhelming. The fries were long wedges, well-seasoned with Mediterranean spices, but unfortunately ended up more mushy than crispy. The salad and pita felt like a formality, added simply to make the box heavier. I will admit that there is a deceptively sizable amount of food in the platter (it hit me about 5 minutes after I finished), but for $12 I found myself wondering if my money might better be spent at a Halal cart.What a welcomed addition to the neighborhood! Been meaning to stop by this place since it opened and had the opportunity tonight. My bf and I both got the falafel pita sandwich. They guys behind the counter are super friendly and everything looks really clean. It's more of a take out place but they have a few counter seats and a table towards the back. 
The falafel sandwich comes with lettuce, tomato, cucumber and tahini sauce. SO GOOD. Cost about $6 and I think you get your money's worth with the quality. Everything was really fresh and delicious, will definitely be back!!This place is awesome.  The food is excellent, inexpensive, and quick!  We get the hummus and chicken shawarma every time and it is so good.  I weighed the chicken shawarma and one order was like 1.7lbs.  For like $10.00 you can't beat that price with a stick!Superb food ! Highly recommended if you're looking for authentic shawarma and falafel !Super good! A welcome addition to the neighborhood. The babaganoush was A-Mazing! So smooth and perfectly seasoned. I ordered the chicken kebab salad which was fresh & delicious. The place is very clean and all the ingredients are great and fresh. Because it took a few minutes to grill the chicken -the owner gave me a fresh piece of falafel to sample while I was waiting and it was really good. Crispy and nicely done. I will order that next time
Friendly owners, clean place. Take out only- but eat your food in the triangle while it's beautiful outside. Really happy this new place is here.Get the chicken shawarma!  Everything was perfectly seasoned and tender; not too much but not too little, just the sweet spot.  Have only been once but live in the neighborhood and plan on going back regularly (as well as ordering takeout when I feel extra lazy).  Staff and owner are extremely friendly and see like they truly care about their business and customer experience.  Fantastic addition to the neighborhood!!!I definitely expected a little more from Falafel Time based on the other reviews here. I ordered the the chicken shawarma platter over rice to go (it's more of a take-out place). 
Salad (4.5/5) - This was the best part of the plate for me! Very fresh, with a good variety of veggies 
Pita (1/5) - The pita was quite hard and I ended up throwing most of it away
Rice (3/5) - A little greasy but a decent portion
Chicken shawarma (2.5/5) - I don't know if it's because I came 30 min before closing on Sunday, but the meat wasn't super fresh
It's a quick to-go meal, but I likely wouldn't get it again since there are many other options on South Street!We ordered stuffed grape leaves and falafels to go.  We loved them!!!  Nice having this friendly joint in our neighborhood.  Owner and employees are very polite, funny, on the ball, accommodating and generous.  How refreshing!!!!!!This place has maybe the best hummus I've ever eaten. It stopped me mid-sentence. 
Like others mentioned, be aware that it's takeout only. There's a skinny counter with 3 stools but with other people coming in to order food, it's awful to sit at. If it's nice out, there's a park down the street across from Square on Square supermarket.
The owner is very nice, but there's a little bit of a language barrier. I asked if the falafel is gluten free and he didn't understand. I asked if he used breadcrumbs and he emphatically said "100% chickpea, I don't dilute!" No answer about what else goes in the fryer, if you're that sensitive to gluten (I'm not). I generally don't eat at carts because of the communication issue, so I can't say much to compare their food to cart food.
The falafel is crispy and tasty. I got mine on a salad - asked for no tahini sauce since there's yoghurt in it but again, he didn't understand, and I had to ask for another salad. My friend got the baba ganoush - very smoky and creamy - and grape leaves, which were just okay. The salad was $8.99. The sampler platter where you get to taste everything was just as much food as the salad if not more, and was half that price. I think they're still figuring out portions.
Overall, considering that the food options between South and Washington are really slim, happy these guys arrived, and hope they stick around.A very welcome addition to the neighborhood. The Chicken Shawarma platter was amazing.  Be sure to request extra white or red sauce if you like it spicy.The chicken kabob was not super fresh. The sauce tasted like mayo. The pita tasted packaged and store bought. There was nothing special about the salad, but at least the vegetables were fresh. I will continue my search for good Mediterranean food in the neighborhood.Wow this place is awesome. Definitely a take out joint as there's very little seating. I ordered a falafel sandwich for $7, it was humongous, and I watched the guy scoop the fresh shredded chickpeas into balls and drop them into the fryer - talk about fresh!!Nice and hot food , freshly made. This is more of a takeout place than a sit down and eat place.A little petite store on South Street, 3-4 seats available inside and 2 outdoor seating area. Small kitchen so it takes awhile to prepare your order. 
One thing about their menu, their "Shish Kabab" is described as "grilled beef" when it is actually LAMB. I am not a lamb eater, and I made a mistake ordering shish Kabab sandwich thinking that it is beef (as described). Their lamb isn't quiet smelly as other places, but I definitely could tell that the meat was lamb. I am willing to go back to try their chicken Kabab, but to those lamb eaters out there, their shish Kabab is made hot and fresh!
I got a baba ghanoush for take-out and the portion size is great for the price! I noticed that baba ghanoush had a lot of air bubbles inside the container, as if it was fermented when I received it in the store. I tasted the baba ghanoush as soon as I got home (10min walk), it was very sour/carbonated/bubbly like cider. I am not sure if it was meant to be like that, but it was very different from all the baba gnanoush that I've tried from multiple restaurants and did not enjoy it much. 
Overall, the portion size and value of food is very positive but not so sure about its maintenance of food quality and menu.Not as good as the best middle eastern joints but a welcome addition to the neighborhood.Great neighborhood addition. Everything is so flavorful and fresh. Definitely a takeout joint though - almost no seating. But that only forced us out to enjoy our food at the nearby park/square, the way grilled food ought to be enjoyed.Was craving some Greek food so stopped by based on yelp reviews. Specifically ordered no sauce on the shawarma. Walk home 9 blocks in 95 degree weather (so not walking back) to find it smothered in sauce. Its in the trash along with my money.LOVES:
Chicken shawarma
Chicken kebab
Decent rice
Close to my house :)
Babaganoush: amazingly smoky and smooth!
MEH:
Kofta-while mostly tasty there were random chewy/hard spots that were unpalatable 
Fries : boring
Falafel: dry with little flavor
Hummus: fine but did not stand out
Overall had a great carry-out dinner (few seats!) with many tasty options!This place is the closest place in the South St grad hospital area for Mediterranean food. However there's a reason more folks aren't going during lunch and I was the only one ordering. 1st, the space is small nobody can go and eat in its pretty much standing room only. 2nd, they charge some ridiculous platter prices. I got the beef kebab platter, which came with some salad(pretty much just a few bits of lettuce), 2 kebab skewers, some hummus, rice and a piece of pita bread. The order after taxes came to $13. That's some pretty hefty price for a platter of carbs.
The food review: The meats were well flavored, the rice a bit bland and lack of much yogurt or spicy sauce. However the hummus was pretty good actually. I think it's really not what id like in a platter, maybe more like a halal cart of flavored rice tons of veggies and sauce with more meat. 
I would say food is decent but overpriced don't think I'll be coming back any time soon unfortunately.Falafel Time. A nice small place that sells good falafel and oh so good kebabs. I'd like to specifically talk about their Kofta. Good Kofta is hard to find but FT's Kofta has got to be on the top of my list. Not only were the seasonings on point, but the texture of the meat. It was so tender and juicy. 
Walking into Falafel Time reminds me of the small falafel/shawarma places that I've been to in Syria. They gives you that low key, not too fancy , decor-less, too small to fit vibe. And I love it, because that's pretty much how you know that whatever they give you is gonna be the real thing. You don't need a fancy-schmancy place to sell good falafel.The owner was brash, arrogant and apparently racist. I asked how he cooked his vegetables and he assumed that I only ate fried foods covered in dough and flour. I informed him that I was a vegan and only ate wholesome healthy foods.  He was offended because I asked him a question.  My food was horrible when I received and I will NEVER return to this store.Stopped in a few times in the past few weeks. Everything I have ordered was great. Shawarma was great, the kofta awesome, but the true highlight was the hummus! Definitely recommend for a quick delicious bite on the go.Absolutely delicious! Exactly the right mixture of healthy and halal. Big bed of lettuce with fresh shawarma on top and some hot sauce to spice things up. Comes in a to-go container, so it's definitely a casual vibe - you can also eat it inside at some high top chairs or there's a few outdoor chairs. Would definitely recommend!My husband and I recently tried Falafel Time for takeout. We got the falafel sandwich, falafel burger, and hummus and were very happy with our choices. The falafel is excellent and not greasy (like so many places!). The hummus is some of the best we've had in the city. And the man behind the counter was super friendly. We will definitely be back!absolutely delicious falafel and chicken shawarma. perfectly seasoned, good amount of sauce, nice soft warm pita. will be back soon!Awesome falafel place in Philly. Not too far from Train station and only aNout a mile or so from town hall.  $11 got me a big falafel sandwich fries and a drink.  
No beer.  But otherwise goodWow!! Best falafel I've had in a long time.  Small place and we came in with a a big stroller - owner had no problem with us taking up seating for4 to accommodate the stroller. (only two of us eating). Thank you!!I was expecting good things when seeing the number of stars but was disappointed after my meal.
Surely you must order falafel at a place that is called "Falafal Time"
Falafal sandwich - I didn't mind that it was a bit messy to begin with since it can still be tasty.  However, there wasn't much flavor to it.  The Falafal was a bit dry.  The veggies within the sandwich was lacking also.  My wife's pita bread was burnt on one side.  You don't get options to have some additional side items like other places.  One of the cooks didn't use any gloves after ringing up the previous customer (I'm a stickler of cleanliness when cooking customers food).
Positive note: their price for the Falafal sandwich was good ....but I'll choose quality over quantity on most days.
Would I go back again? Most likely not.Authentic! My fiancé is Syrian, I've been to Syria, and we have been searching for a great shawarma in Philly for years. In the past, whenever we got a craving, we would take a trip to Patterson NJ for authentic shawarma--But NO MORE! Falafel Time comes up big with one of the best chicken shawarmas I've ever had. Also, the freshly fried falafel with all accompanying dips (baba ghanouj, hummus, tahini, etc) are ON POINT. 
The owners are Syrian as well and are super nice and friendly. Highly recommend you check these guys out!Wasn't bad, just average. The chicken on flatbread could have had more flavor and bread was room temperature. Fries were thick cut which isn't my preference but were enjoyable and nicely seasoned. Pretty quick service!I ordered food and it wasn't fresh. The French fries were cold and black on the inside (rotten) and the meat was cold as well. Unfortunately, I won't be back.The falafel itself is great.  Good crunch, good flavor.  The mix of flavors in the sandwich itself is also first rate.
Also love the work ethic at this place.  People jump up to help you.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I wish the pita were a bit better.  Admittedly I'm spoiled as I like my pita fresh baked right out of the oven.  But I'll definitely be back.Was wandering on South Street after doing errands, looking for a place to rab a bite.  Due to COVID, not alot of options.  Have passed this place many times, but never stopped. Today we did and were very happy we did!  We both had the chicken shawarma in a pita.  The chicken was so moist and flavorful, the filling fresh and the garlic sauce perfect.  The pita was perfectly done.  We have eaten shawarmas all around the world and my hubby and I both agreed that this was one of the best we had ever had. Unassuming but worth the stop!Ordered delivery through Grubhub, got a text to let me know that the food was dropped off at the front door. I appreciate the no contact delivery but where's my food? I texted the delivery person and didn't get an answer right away, I was about to complain to Grubhub. Finally I got a text that the food was delivered to my neighbor . Luckily it's still there so I could get it. Whoever delivered the food needs to pay attention to the address.
Schawarma is delicious, chicken is tender, rich in Mediterranean spice. I had mine with hummus. Perfect pairing. Highly recommended. 
Baba ganoush is ok, not on my favorite.
Falafel isn't big and on the dry side.
Baklava: you get 2 decent size baklava. Not too sweet but buttery. I can taste the butter. Nice crisp phyllo 
Next time I will try the schawarma platterThis was a first time take out experience and aside from the minor transportation hiccups, the food was quite fantastic. My wife loved the shawarma and thought the falafel was comparable to her childhood favorites. Next time, I'll check it out myself!Falafel time has become one of my go to takeout joints.
It is expensive for what it is. Street food cart vendors sling $5 meat over rice platters that rival the $10.99 deluxe platters here. Alas Falafel Time is way closer to me. And I understand that brick and mortar stores have a much higher overhead cost. If I didn't love so close I probably wouldn't come here nearly as often. So it is more of a convenience play for me. 
I always get a platter. I used to love getting the French fry platter but recently I have switched over to a "healthier" rice platter. Healthier in quotes because the rice is seasoned well with oil, spices, and herbs. Tasty but my cardiologist would most likely not approve. 
Platters also come with a little serving of healthy greens on the side. They have recently swapped out the pickles for beets. (Note to management: Bring back the pickles!)
The chicken shawarma is nice and juicy and flavorful. It is my favorite meat offering. Ironically their name sale falafel is probably their weakest protein offering. They top every platter off with a pita. Nice a fluffy. 
The platter portion size is large enough to fill you so you no need to order any apps or dessert. 
The guys behind the counter are great and I have had so many positive interactions with them. One time I dropped my takeout order right after I paid and they fired up another platter on the grill for me right away, free of charge. Best Mediterranean food in grad hospital but not in philly.A bit overpriced and underwhelming. The chicken Shawarma plate was basically a food truck-style chicken over rice with a stale pita for $15. A mound of rice with a thin layer of chicken and white sauce and small salad. I love a good Halal chicken and rice, so for $15 I can't in good faith recommend this place over any food truck that you stumble across.
P.S. - The prices you see on Yelp are $2-3 less per item than what you'll pay in the restaurant (hence the $15 price tag).Great service. This is the best place to have fantastic food. simply go to try it. You will be back again and again.Good flavor. Tahini sauce was light and not overly garlicky. Nice little spot. Will come back again.Ordered delivery. Half the order was missing and the food we did get was missing items too. Called the restaurant directly and they said they would issue a full refund. I waited a few days to allow a refund to process, but it turned out they did not put a refund in at all and charged me the full amount. Would not order again.Food is definitely tasty and it's nice to have this spot nearby. I'm only giving 3 starts because the jacka$$ who was working there on the evening of May 5 refused to answer questions about allergens in the food (my mother in law has some serious food allergies). He lost his shit after I asked a few questions and said he was too busy to be dealing with me. Sounds like they don't need the business.Went and ordered takeout - the chicken shawarma is excellent and comes with fries + pita! Quantity is good as well- it lasted for about 2 meals for me! (might not be the case for everyone though)Typical me. When I find something new I like, I usually OD for a few weeks; sigh. Today I tried their mixed grill and it included kofta kabab. The seasoning of the kofta was spot on. After stopping in today, I'd like to give you guys the heads up to be patient. They get many customers at a time and I believe only 2 people trying to put out orders.Falafel Time is a great neighborhood Mediterranean restaurant.  Their falafel sandwich's are really good.  Fresh ingredients and hot falafels.  Great combination!  Their prices are reasonable about $11.  It's a small place but great quality food and friendly staff!  I go back on a regular basis.  A must try if you like falafels!This place is a gem in Philadelphia! 
I know an excellent falafel sandwich since I grew up eating the real falafel and this is the real thing! The sandwich is HUGE and loaded with high quality ingredients. The falafel is crispy and fresh. 
The Tabouleh is very authentic with original ingredients and not the fake "tabouleh" you find at fake Lebanese "restaurants " wannabes! 
As for the chicken Shawarma , it's very good but some pieces are slightly dry. The sandwich is yummy and humongous!This place is a hidden gem on south street! Amazing homemade hummus! I get a salad here at least one a week with chicken kabob on it! So goo!I was looking for a Shawarma place that knows what Shawarma is, uses the tight "Saaj" bread, right spices, right texture. This place is AWESOME! I drove to it today. I gave it a try, the chef knows exactly what he's doing. I tried Shawarma from the middle east, Syria, Jordan, Lebanon. This place is the only place I tried until now that makes real Shawarma. Also he gave a sample of the Falafel they make AAAND holly smokes!!! It's very authentic and delicious!!  
Now the Hummus, perfect amount of Tahini, not over processed, perfect amount of lemon!  
I am really glad that I found this place!!!This is a household favorite of ours and is conveniently located on our walk home from work in Graduate Hospital. The owners are extremely friendly and generous, especially in these rough times. We love their mixed grill which is both delicious in taste and plentiful in quantity. They also have top notch falafel.
Their baklava is very yummy - dominant in pistachio flavor and not overly sweet which is nice!Sam and his crew cook up some of the best food I have had while living in Philadelphia! Amazing team and even better food!!
Stop in, you will not be disappointed. I have tried a lot and am always happy!Really good place! I got the falafel salad and the portion was huge. A lot of lettuce with tomatoes and cucumbers, a generous portion of hummus and 6 big falafels. The falafels were a bit dry but tasted good. A big plus is that nothing was too salty!I don't get the hype. The good is adequate. The service is ok. It is not the best nor is it the worst. It just sort is what it is which is a fast-ish casual place with not her competition on south street. Glad it is there but it's not worth writing home to mom About thatMost of our usual spots have closed during quarantine so we've started getting delivery from here and I'm so glad I found this place. Food is yummy, it's well priced, super fast delivery, and HUGE portions. You can't go wrong ordering from here.Fresh, quick and tasty. The seasoning inside the stuffed grape leaves was especially great.The best chicken shawarma in Philly and one of the best in the US. They can make it Syrian style upon request ( please see attached photo) which is a platter or tray with small shawarma bites served with garlic sauce and pickles. Simply amazing. The owner is very niceDelicious. So happy to have this spot close by. Super fast, crunchy flavorful falafel ! I only had the falafel sandwich but can't wait to try other menu items next !Great spot for takeaway on south street!  The guys behind the counter crack me up and it's a great spot for a quick meal.You can never go wrong with this place. The food is delicious and freshly prepared, the staff is incredibly nice, and the wait times is short. I brought lunch from Falafel Time to a work meeting last week and everyone was raving about how good it is. Most underrated item on the menu is, surprisingly, the French fries, which are so good: big and fat and crispy. Can't believe I lived for years in this neighborhood without them!The food here is incredible! Falafel time is in my neighborhood and I love everything on their menu. Their portions are big, the food has a mixture of heavenly spices and sauce, and the family here cares a lot about his food. I believe the father and son manage the restaurant. The falafel plate is delicious and I was surprised at how generous the falafels were. Just got the chicken plate and the skewers are simply well-cooked. He added a white sauce that brought all the taste into center. I'm happy I live close by and would encourage everyone to give it a try!True story.....It's May 2020, so we are still under the constraints of the coronavirus.  We were watching Diner's, Drive-Ins, and Dives on the Food Network. Guy Fieri had some of his buddies from the show send him the ingredients for one of their favorite dishes, then Guy cooked it with their instructions (they were using Zoom or something like that to connect everyone).  One of the meals was a kofta kabob.  Suddenly my husband had a craving for one.  I looked on Yelp for options, and up popped Falafel Time.  We live nearby, but we had never ordered from them before.  WOW!  We were not disappointed.  I called to place my pick-up order.  It was almost 6 PM on a Saturday night.  The guy who answered said 15 minutes, and he was spot-on.  We ordered the stuffed grape leaves as an appetizer.  They were very good.  For dinner we both ordered platters, which come with your choice of rice or fries AND you get a salad plus one piece of pita bread per person.  My husband ordered the mixed grill platter, which includes shawarma, a chicken kabob, and a kofta kabob.  I ordered the chicken shawarma, which is described as boneless chicken with special spices that is slowly roasted and thinly sliced.  We both agreed we would order these again.  In fact, neither of us could finish the platter, so we know what we are having for lunch tomorrow.  I think we have found our neighborhood "to-go" (double entendre intended) place to go.
As others have mentioned, it is a **very** small restaurant.  Due to the virus all of the indoor and outdoor seats have been removed, so you will need to either pick up or have your food delivered by one of the food delivery services.  If you use a service, note that we found at least one service that marked up each entree by $2.00.  As of this writing, all meat platters or entrees were $10.99 and the appetizer stuffed grape leaves were $4.99 (and an entree size was $8.99).  We will definitely be back.We came the first day they opened and then ordered again through Grubhub a week later. Their food is solid! As someone of middle eastern descent, I can tell you the hummus is LEGIT. Better than dizengoff, in my opinion. The falafel is delicious; its even better when ordered fresh on the spot. We got their shawarma 'burger' (not truly a burger)-options were flatbread or pita. And it was very good. Grape leaves stuffed with rice-very good. Beef shish kabob-surprisingly tender! Will need to try their kofta kabab or mixed grill next time! Pictures of my Grubhub order attached! Fyi, inside is more of a grab and go layout. But they do have a few seats! The owner was really kind and inviting. Syrian cuisine is my guilty pleasure; so I might be a tad biased :) We will be back! Welcome to the Graduate Hospital neighborhood!Falafel time is a small falafel/kebab/shawarma joint that is predominately for take out food.  They do have a few seats inside and a small table outside.   The food is OK - it's serviceable for what it is - cooked very fresh and the portions are great but not a ton of flavor.   Really a 3 star place.  What puts it over the top to 4 is service.  Incredibly friendly, helpful and generous.  I'm not sure I would run back there for the food, but the service makes you consider it!Very solid food!  The falafel they shaped in such a way that it was not dried out like falafel can sometimes be. Also the constituents of the falafel were unique - like they had sesame seeds (I think). I really liked them. The baba ganoush and kebabs were also delicious. Order came quickly. Will be backI was so excited for this place. And I have been meaning to try their food for a long time. Maybe I put my expectations too high, because I was definitely disappointed. Don't get me wrong the food was not bad. But there are definitely better Mediterranean restaurants which serve the same things.( Think Sahara grill, pita chip, Merkaz, Goldie,dizengoff) I ordered delivery of the following items chicken shawarma in pita bread and another in "flatbread" which is really Khubs the traditional middle eastern bread, unlike the pita it is thinner. 
I also ordered a meat platter which comes with salad, beef kabob, chicken kabob and chicken shawarma on top of a bed of rice. 
Everything looked appetizing, but it lacked in flavor and seasoning. In my opinion if you do middle eastern food, you have to make it savory by carefully balancing the spices (not the hot kinds). 
I still have left overs and will have to repurpose them today ! 
For the foreseeable future I will stick to my usuals.Best shawarma out there! I always get the same thing but I'm sure everything is good. Used to come here after work all time before the pandemic, now money is tighter but I order delivery when I can. The guys behind the counter are very sweet too. Highly recommend the chicken shawarma sandwich! I'd give ten stars if I could :) 
Also, give their yogurt drink "Ayran" a try, it's delicious and slightly acidic so it has the same pallet cleansing affect as lime on a tacoBest Syrian Shawarma in Philli and the US I have had in 7 years !! Excellent service, amazing Syrian authentic shawrma.A must when you are in Philli!!! Amazing overallTerrible bland falafel wrap. The falafel itself had zero flavor. The wrap was dry. The pita was soggy and chewy. Just very unexciting. I had high hopes! Maybe the other items are better‍The shawarma is so delicious and tasty falafel the fries also it's very good garlic sauce is amazing I am the pickles it's so goodLocal spot for falafel and shawarma -  personally think the falafel is average. BUT the shawarma!! I could have this over and over and over again. Definitely a go-to shawarma place in the city.
Atmosphere: Primarily a takeout spot / don't dine-in. The food comes out quickly, and you can order in advance - I recommend this. The interior though perhaps has 3-4 seating, but don't recommend eating in.
Food: Again, recommend the shawarma - the platter comes with rice, or you can get it in a salad. The pita itself is average, but shawarma is incredible and pairs well with their sauces. Recommend the hummus to go along with the shawarma as well! And the portions are quite large, for a decent price ($10-11). 
Overall: 4.5/5 - I've honestly had a few weeks where I've gotten their shawarma platters multiple days. Incredibly easy to order in advance, and delicious (and huge portion of) protein!The BEST authentic Levantine kebab, kofteh, falafel, & shawarma you can find. The owner is so kind. Whenever I miss living in the Middle East I come straight here all the way from Bryn Mawr-- the food is THAT good.I was lured in here by the outstanding Yelp reviews.  Falafel Time is primarily a take-out place.  There are a few stools, but its best to get it to go.  The food for take-out was fine, but not worth twice as much money than a Street Cart Vendor for the equivalent food.  
I got a Chicken Kebab platter at $10.99 and a Tabouli salad for $5.99.  The Chicken kebab was good, but not at all flavorful as I've come to expect with this entree. The platter came with rice, pita and salad on the side. The Tabouli salad was mostly parsley and a small portion.  
Overall, I was left a little unsatisfied with my experience. Next time, I would definitely get food from a Street Cart Vendor and save myself a few dollars.This place has fantastic falafel!  I've loved everything I've ever gotten from here, with the exception of the tabouli (too much parsley).We went back to Falafel Time for take-out tonight.  We ordered the same things we ordered about 6 weeks ago: the appetizer sized stuffed grape leaves to share, and the chicken shawarma platter for me and the mixed grill platter for my husband.  Once again we were not disappointed.  The servings are HUGE, and neither one of us could finish; the leftovers are in the fridge waiting to become lunch in the next day or 2.  I don't know what makes the chicken so tender and flavorful, but whatever it is I want to bottle it.  Yes.  It is that good.Excellent middle eastern restaurant. Love everything I've tried. It's quick, affordable and delicious!