Quick, cheap and good. I was hungry and stumbled upon this place. I needed a pre-dinner snack after work and this place didn't disappoint. For 7 or 8 bucks, it was good value. I don't think I'll specifically go out to looking for a falafel bar falafel, but may stop by if I get post-work hunger pangs.Loved this place, but they are closed now.
Opening up down the block under a different name ... hopefully soon!!I've sampled Middle-Eastern cuisine around the city, specifically falafel, and this place was definitely one of the best!
It is bright and clean with a large selection of sandwiches and platters. Luckily, I went with my boyfriend so we could sample a few different things together! Both of our choices were amazing- the Falafel burger and the Eggplant panini. I am an eggplant maniac and could not get enough of this sandwich!! Grilled eggplant, mushrooms, onions and feta...YUM!!!!!!!!!
I've had falafel sandwiches that squish and crumble the second you take a bite and this was definitely not the case here! The falafel was perfectly seasoned and cooked to the perfect crispy consistency for a sandwich. They also have some seasoned cabbage and pickled vegetables out in a little salad bar in the eating area which was great as an additional side.
Like I said, I'm an eggplant maniac, so we had to get a side of baba ganoush and LOVED IT! It was a good portion of dip served with the warmest, fluffiest pita I've ever had. I've been deceived for years by thin, flat pita bread...now I will accept that no more!
This place also does catering and party trays for a very reasonable price, so I am very tempted to skip the shopping and cooking for my next party and get some great food from Falafel Bar! I'll definitely be back soon!This is one of my favorite places in Philly to get a falafel.  On top of having a pretty good selection of middle eastern street food, they sweet potato fries could be the best in the city.  I don't know how they are prepared, but I do know they taste good.  The authenticity is there and there is plenty of seating.  I would take anyone there for a quick bite to eat in the city.  It is a mostly vegetarian menu and at first that scared me, because I do like the fact I am a carnivore, but I was satisfied by the menu selection and I guess its good to have an all vegetable meal.Tried one at their old location. Got my falafel sandwich. Was average falafel, nothing special about it and they did not give me enough white sauce even tough I asked. 
Liked the roasted carrot and their pickle though. I will give another try to their new location.I don't know where some of these reviewers were eating -- this place is strictly vegetarian.  There's no schwarma and no meat.  The falafel is fine.  It is a storefront -- no fancy decor, no charm, but it's nice to have a clean, kosher place in town that isn't as far off the beaten path as Mama's.
The owner is very  nice.  I had to come in town very early one morning for a work project and wanted some breakfast when I finished.  There is no place in Philly to get a kosher breakfast.  I came in here, and he made me an omelette even though it's not on the menu and this isn't a cook-to-order place. It was really good, and he charged me very little.Ok, so I literally just finished my falafel salad 20 seconds ago and I still have my hot tomali fries that I doubt I'll finish. I recommend throwing it in the trash rather than feeding it to the dogs. Seriously. I had a tough time finishing my salad since the 4 falafel balls were just unbelievably salty. As for the hot tomali fries - oh god, the amount of grease that dripped out of each forkful. The cheese and peppers would have been a great topping if the fries were actually crispy rather than soggy and limp. With grease. The oily dripping onions weren't helping Falafel Bar either. It's a shame. I was so excited that there was a new falafel spot in center city. Now, I wished I would have just kept walking. Instead I wasted $15 on a measly salad and drenched fries.So maybe I'm biased because I have been spoiled with Mama's Vegetarian up the street from my office, but I have to say my experience here was just A-Okay.
Falafel Bar definitely provides that authentic Middle Eastern feel which I loved. I went with a traditional Falafel sandwich. They have these awesome garlic carrots to add on..make sure not to miss them.
Downside? Pretty expensive, especially in comparison to Mama's. Still good though.This has to be among the best Falafel I've ever had.  It's super crunchy outside with a tender and moist inside.   Very reasonable prices and generous portions for Center City.  I like the combo platter.  The latke are savory, and the melt-in-your-mouth roasted eggplant that will spoil you for all others.  The creamy smooth hummus has just the right hint of lemon,
and even the pita, commonly an afterthought, is a little better than what you're used to...softer, chewier, more flavorful.  Fast service.If you absolutely can not walk 4 blocks to Mamas and are craving a falafel in CC I guess this place is decent. The falafel is the definition of mediocrity. The hummus is OK, the falafel are a little dark which indicates they've been fried in older oil and vegetables are decent, and the yogurt sauce is a bit overwhelming.Really enjoyed this place. Good falafel. Similar in style to Mama's if anyone has ever gone there. Really liked their 'cigars' too.There is quite a lot of falafel around these parts, but the 2 times I have been to falafel bar, I have had good experiences.  Perhaps I am just easily bought by their bar of fixins where I can add all the tahini sauce a girl could dream of.The tilapia burger is cooked and seasoned to perfection.  The restaurant is kept extremely clean, the service is quick, the prices are reasonable, and the food is wonderfully delicious (and relatively healthy, too).  I only wish they stayed open later, so I could eat here more frequently!Very good falafel place. The falafel is well done, as are the fries, and they have some interesting options beyond the traditional falafel on a pita. I recommend the falafel burger, which is what it sounds like, a large falafel patty on a bun with burger toppings.Fresh taste in Philly with a perfect environment. I have been here many time. The first time I was greeted by the owner who is a young contemporary gentleman that recommended a few things on the menu. I decided to have a mozzarella cheese panini greek style. The cheese was fresh mozzarella ball. Very generous with all of their fresh ingredients, even the expensive shitaki style mushrooms. Tasted great and I was full. Mexican Coca-Cola which is so much better than the american version.Best Falafel that I have had in Philadelphia! I would have given 5 stars if I wasn't charged $1 for a refill on my soda which resulted in me having to spend at least $5 more to use my debit card.  I will go back and gobble up their tasty falafel again.I'm trying to understand how anyone can say this is a decent falafel..they are dry and either overly salted, or completely bland. The pita was dry and flakey, and I lost my appetite after the first bite.
For a good falafel, I'd walk the extra few blocks to maoz.This is pretty good, but not great. The falafel is not mind-blowing, but I do like the latkes. I'm not a connoisseur of latkes, but I think the ones I've had here are tasty enough to order again. One day my latke knowledge will be strong enough to render a proper opinion. Until then, the fact that I've ordered the latkes more than once will have to suffice.
Service is walkup counter-tastic: they take your order and your food comes out a not-unreasonable time later. The staff is. . . there. They take your order, you get food. Not a fancy operation, but one that enough places screw up regularly that it's a positive here.
This place is a decent, filling, inexpensive, quickly-served lunch. Not fantastic but not bad by a long shot.Decidedly below average falafel.  Not bad, not good either.
Overly crunchy and bland falafel.  Sizeable sandwich, sturdy decent pita, generous fillings, but it does not overcome the disappointing falafel.
Latkes, as Erin F. noted, are more veggie patties than your traditional latkes.  
Maoz is definitely better if you're looking for fast food falafel, and even then Mama's and the Falafel truck far surpasses them both.I got the Greek Falafel sandwich, which was enormous and very tasty!  There's not much atmosphere, aside from the Israeli dance music, but for $8 for a sandwich and mango juice, it's a great lunch option.Not the best falafel I have had. It was a bit on the dry side and kinda cold. Maybe bc I didn't eat there, but my office it only a block away. My falafel couldn't have gotten that cold that fast, could it?? It just didn't taste as fresh as some other places I've been. I do really like the cucumber salad that is in the pita though. Cucumbers had a nice crisp to it and tasted fresh. The guy did ask if I wanted spicy and I said yes. I did not taste any spice at all to it. I wonder if it might be bc my taste buds are prob burnt off bc I eat A LOT of spicy food in general. Lol. And I wasn't too fond of their sauce. Unsure if it's homemade, but it lacked flavor like other places.
I also ordered a side of fries with it. The fries are really good. You can def tell they are fresh cut and not frozen. It was the best part of my meal. I've ordered sweet potato fries in the past too and that was also good.
The "salad bar" they have isn't much but at least they have one which is a plus. It changes often. I do really like some of the pickled items they have out.
A plus...they take levelup and they have a loyalty card. They stamp it each time you order a pita and once you reach a certain amount, ur next item is free!Yayyy finally some decent and fresh MIddle Eastern fare in center city that's not out of my price range or sloppily thrown together and covered in globs of hummus.
Went here during lunch with coworkers and was very impressed with the quality of the food and the reasonable price to match.  The place is a bit small and oddly set up.  I was definitely getting in peoples' way at the cash register while chomping at the bit to grab every condiment/relish/fried pita I could get my hands on (it's free!)....but the space didn't ruin my experience.
I ordered the combo platter, which included: 3 falafel balls, a spinach latke thing, cucumber/tomato salad, hummus, fried eggplant, and 2 pieces of pita bread.  It was SO filling, I felt like I ate at Five Guys, only for half the calories (I think).  And it was only like 8 or 9 bucks.
The falafel was unbelievably crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, the salad was fresh and not over-dressed like how they do in some places, the eggplant was surprisingly light and not greasy at all, and the hummus was the BOMB- a perfect garlicky/chickpea balance (trust me- i've had some bad hummus). 
And to stuff it all into, I had fresh, warm, thick, and delicious pita.  It was the best quick lunch I've had in the city in a while.  Will definitely be back here.I do Love Falafel. I checked this place out for lunch the other day and was very pleased with the quality of food. Israelis seem to run the place, which I like, and the line moved very fast.
The pita was warm and it had hummus and marinated cucumbers inside and then there was a salad bar where you could add pickles or kruat, extra tahini etc. I liked that they put out little containers to fill with the pickled salad and you could bring it back to your table and eat it. Or take it to go.
I will definitely be back.$6.50 for a tiny Falafel.
I only stopped by here becuase I was in a rush to go to class and there wasnt anything healthier around. Nothing beats Mama's for 3.50. 
Not bad, nothing exciting etiher. I've had worse.Falafel Bar is one of those places I imagine being on the boardwalk in jersey somewhere, complete with the the high-fashioned employees with perfect skin and hair that you just can't help but wonder how they afford their Armani skinny jeans and Prada bags on a salary ringing up fast food.
And that's basically what Falafel Bar is....fast food. It's close, it's convenient, and even though the food isn't the greatest int he world you still find yourself going there for some strange reason. I've been there three times already simply because I didn't feel like walking all the way down to 5th and South from Center City to get decent falafel. Their sandwiches are average size at average price but are prepared by little Mexican men who are skimpy on the dressings and tend to overcook their falafel balls. At least if I go to Alyan's their chef is always singing something sweet in a phrygian tone and I can sip mint tea in the sun room, but that's not always convenient on a busy schedule.
Other than that the place is always crowded and clean, and even though it's still "fast food" at least it's getting people to eat  something healthier than food cart sausage and burgers.I'm trying to steer clear of reviewing places where I've only eaten once - especially if the experience wasn't good, I figure it's only fair to give the place a second shot before I take to the internet with my criticism. I'm making an exception with Falafel Bar for the following reason: this place is basically vegetarian - the only non-veggie items on the menu are seafood, which would be fine except that when I came here last week, I ordered a falafel sandwich in a pita... which incidentally tasted like it may as well have been a fish filet. Eek! 
I am a vegetarian but I'm not usually uptight about things like wanting to have my veggie burger cooked on a completely separate grill that has never been touched by meat, etc, etc. That being said, I certainly don't want my falafel to blatantly taste like it was fried in fish oil. Moreover, some people are a lot stricter about this nature of thing and this review is really for those diners - basically a head's up that while Falafel Bar does have a ton of veggie menu items (like... 90-some percent of their menu), I am not sure that they are truly adhering to best practices in terms of avoiding cross-contamination of ingredients or being able to guarantee that their food is 100% vegetarian. 
To their credit, my dad had a mushroom Panini that he really liked. And I'd also like to point out that, vegetarian or not, I'm sure no one would enjoy a falafel that tastes like fish and since a lot of other reviewers seem to really like their falafel, I'm completely willing to allow for the fact that I may have caught Falafel Bar on an off-day.The food here is just okay. If Maoz is like a 10 (which it is), Falafel Bar is a 5. It is half as good as Maoz, but it could, of course, be worse. For lunch yesterday I had a greek falafel sandwich and tried the latkes. The latkes were served cold and room temp - maybe they know something I don't, but it wasn't that great. If they were warm and served with, say, sour cream, they would have been much better. They weren't your traditional potato latkes, though, they were more like a shredded veggie patty held together by what I can only assume was egg. Also, SUPER GREASY. I have somehow avoided greasy foods for the last few weeks and so I felt the effects and it just brought me down a little. The latkes are lackluster. The falafel sandwich, however, was a meal saver. The falafel was soft and bright green on the inside, crisp and brown on the outside. The tzatziki sauce and the tomato & cucumber blend inside was a classic mix that made me happy inside. It also made me full. I don't think I'll be making this a regular destination since Maoz and Mama's are nearby, but it's nice to see a vegetarian place on Chestnut Street. Sup.Getting your falafel fix on 15th Street below Market usually meant walking three or four block out of your way to one of Center City's falafel standbys.  Chickpea connoisseurs may now rejoice, as Falafel Bar has opened at 1513 Chestnut Street. 
This brand-spanking new restaurant offers eat in, take out, and delivery falafel. Sandwiches include greek falafel, latkes, and sabich (eggplant and hardboiled egg). You will also find a few traditional sides including hummus, tahini, cigar rolls and grape leaves. Fries are also offered.
I ordered the standard Falafel Sandwich which comes in a warm pita with diced cucumbers, tomato, and lettuce. I forewent the tzatziki sauce and it was still solid. The falafel was warm, crunchy on the outside, yet soft and crumbly on the inside. I also got a substantial side of hummus with the sandwich. The sandwich artisans were both friendly and helpful.
The location also features a huge, spray-painted mural of a day in the life of a modern Middle Eastern street. I'll be adjusting my review as I pay this location a few more visits.Very good! Their Falafel's are so delicious!!! Which makes me keep coming back.  I love their Falafel but their wraps leave much to be desired.  Almost seems like no one orders them so they must be hanging around for a while. They definitely shrunk the wrap size at some point, it's way smaller!  Hey Falafel Bar, don't think I didn't notice! The problem is some stuff is so wonderful and other stuff is so-so, it's all in what you order.  Also my other complaint is the add-ons, so expensive!!! $3.50 for another Falafal, wow! But overall quite delicious and lots of great options to choose from.
Update- I have been back multiple times and they must have changed the wraps they use, because they are now fantastic! And just discovered the yummy fixing bar!! Delicious!!! And great staff!Falafel bar is an affordable mediterranean stakeout with plenty of room, international tv, silly beverages, and quality ingredients. Their pickled bar is sometimes questionable but two things are unbeatable at falafel bar: their moist falafel and their sinful fries.
My ideal date at Falafel Bar? A greek salad piled with feta, black olives, cuke and onion, with a side of falafel- pita comes on the side. Turn around and add pickled vegetables and a few green olives, and dress the salad with tahini and tzatziki- skip the regular dressing. Drizzle the falafel and take a seat, as my partner brings heaps more falafel and their especially salty, meaty fries for me to go all seagull on. A large drink to share and a long conversation about that strange painting of a street market on the wall.
I'm not saying Falafel Bar is the best, and I know there are healthier outlets with better ingredients around, nevermind that I sometimes find Falafel Bar inconsistent. But I do like my elbow room, I do like to only hear my conversation, I do like accessibility, and I do like using LevelUp to pay. I love the size/quality of their salads and I love tahini and tzatziki in squirt bottles. :)The have reopened under the name Giovani's Falafel Bar & Grill, 1533 Chestnut Street, (215) 988-1201.Terrible. Don't bother. Falafel is dry, baba is DISGUSTING. Don't waste your money.I am also very confused by the harshly negative reviews.  I am enjoying a Combo Platter right now, and the falafel is perfect.  Crunchy, moist, flavorful...delicious.  The only negative is there were only 3 and not they're all gone!  I'm curious, did the negative reviews come at lunchtime or at an odd hour?I don't get it. Falafel AND pizza? Seems like this bar is having an identity crisis. First of all, the falafel is nothing to rave about. I can find a better way to spend $8 but if you are desperate for falafels, this place is centrally located. Also beware, the pizza is extremely greasy! For someone who has had his fill of greasy pizzas in NYC, this is definitely up there.I called this place a few times with different questions.  They were responsive and patient, giving me suggestions for what's best on the menu.  They gladly delivered my order to the downtown Marriot; the service was prompt, and the food was delish!  I would definitely order again!ohlala. their vegetarian chicken salads are wonderful! the salad is HUGE and the red wine dressing is righteous. havent tried the falafels here yet..but looking forward to trying themEh. Even at Wendy's they'll tell you when your food's ready. I don't like having to ask if it's mine, especially when there are half a dozen people waiting as well, and after you've made eye contact with me several times as I stand there wondering.
Also, the political proselytizing is a bit over the top. I don't like Fox News in the background as I eat my lunch as they discuss why we should prop up Mubarak's failing regime.
The food's alright, but I don't feel like it's very healthy despite being falafals, and the price is just a tad too much. Got to pay for the fancy furnishing though.I had a deal on livingsocial for $10 in different takeout restaurants in center city. Decided to try out Falafel Bar...and I am so glad I did!! The food was really good and you definitely get your money's worth with the amount of food they give you.
I had the combo platter with falafel, latke, eggplant, hummus, zucchini/tomato salad and pita. Everything was tasty, but the falafel was especially great! Crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside. Yum.
My sister had the greek falafel sandwich, it was delicious and HUGE! She couldn't even finish it all, even though she tried her hardest! haha
I also love that they have the salad bar where you can fill little containers of pickles, different types of veggie salads, tzatziki, etc.
I am definitely going back :)Went here on a whim when I saw the sign on the sidewalk for the falafel burger. I had exactly that and was very pleased. The bun was thick and fluffy, and the falafel patty had a fried, crispy outside and soft interior. I was full from just the burger, but the fries looked great, as well.   Next time I want to try the caprese panini.I think this place has pretty decent food for a decent price. Delivery is pretty fast. I would give them 5 stars if only they would not constantly screw up my order. They are always forgetting something. However, if I call and complaint they are always good on making it right and delivery the missing item.I'm super confused by all the negative reviews! I really like this place. My co-workers also love it, and we order regularly. Really fast delivery. The hummus is great, traditional style. Good, cheap grape leaves, awesome salads, really good falafel, great veggie patty thing. Co-workers LOVE the baba ganoush. They have whole wheat pita, and you can order cheap sides of most items. Im looking forward to the cigars and borekas. Try it!I went in here for a quick lunch and ordered the mix wrap combo. It was falafel, eggplant, and a few other veggies in a wrap. The combo came with fries. The wrap was pretty good but I thought it was a little bland. They had a few sauce offerings you could grab but I wasn't that impressed with those either. One seemed like a feta sauce...but I thought the feta flavor was a little too strong in it, and the other was a tzatziki, and I have had better. The fries were decent though some were a little too soggy/greasy. I will say the hummus and pita bread we ordered for the table was delicious...perhaps I should have used the hummus as a sauce.I visited Falafel Bar for the first time today. Despite the busy lunch hour crowd, we were served in a timely manner. The staff were courteous, the place was clean and most important my Falafel sandwich was good.
My only complaint is the staff should not allow a person dining alone to occupy a table for 4, there were a few people doing that - it's rude and annoying and doesn't allow for enough seating in an already small place.I am a little bid dissapointed with this place. I have ordered here more than once but mainly online and pick up options. The quality of the food is good i usually order the mushroom panini and it was great and price is reasonable! However, when i decided to go into the store to order one day i had really bad customer service. The lady infront of me took 15 minutes, im not exaggeration, 15 minutes to order a meal which is not the establishment's fault but after she ordered and it was my turn, the guy looked at me and then went to the back for a couple of minutes and then proceeded to make their food and did not even acknowledge my presence and i was waiting at the counter for another over 5 minutes so, being totally ignored, so i decided to leave. So weird customer service vibe from this place, but food was good!Its decent.  I've been here several times when I need to use a credit card.  But when I have cash, walk 5 streets west to Mama's Falafal on 20th st. and you get a lot more for your money, with better taste.
This place is OK, but too expensive since the center city location.  The pitas and wraps aren't as big as Mama's, and they're more money.  But overall, everything here tastes good, but you don't dont get as much for your money.Very authentic falafel and hummus. Everything is made from scratch and seasoned well. 
I had the hummus plate with falafel balls. The falafel balls were nice and green on the inside. The hummus was fresh and smooth with plenty of garlic and lemon. Pita bread was super fresh and hot. 
Pickled veggies were a nice compliment to the rest of the food.
I definitely recommend grabbing lunch at falafel bar.My favorite thing to eat here is the mix sandwich which has falafel, vegetable pancake, and roasted eggplant. It's typically made with hummus, but I substitute babaganoush. It's the best  place in the city for this food (as compared to mao's, mama's, and the trucks in west Philly.) Even the pita is superior- fresh and doughy. It's quick and affordable. Note: it's not fine dining. It's a casual falafel bar.I just stopped in with 6 of my coworkers. I like the options that they have here. I had a side of the veggie latkes which were actually pretty tasty. The other item that caught my eye was the Hot Tomali fries. The fries were great with caramelized onions, peppers, cheese, and hot peppers. The only down side was the hot peppers had zero spice to them.
The other down side here is all of the seats are in proximity of the front door. With people coming in and out I could still see my breath while paying for my food.
Dont forget your jackets if you go!I work in Washington Square, but I was in the neighborhood for a doctor appointment around lunch time, so I stopped in.  I'm always looking for a good falafel, but I can't say I found it here.
I ordered a falafel sandwich and a side of fries.  I ordered from the cashier, because the guy at the counter assembling the sandwiches didn't acknowledge me standing there for a few minutes, so I didn't realize I needed to order from him.
I took my order to go and walked back to my office, hoping to air out my hair and clothes from the smell of the fryers.  Maybe if I had eaten there, my meal would have been better, but I can't image the 10-15 minutes made much of a difference.  Plus, I really didn't want to smell like a grease pit.
The fries are limp and soggy - not a one is crisp.  Ordinarily, a good french fry is crispy on the outside and sort of melt-in-your-mouth-y on the inside, but these hardly seem done on the inside.  Not sure if the potatoes are old, they used the wrong potatoes, or the oil was not the right temperature.  
The flavor of the falafel was a bit saltier than necessary but otherwise ok, and I was expecting the falafel balls to be hot (they were not even warm).  It's in the 60s today - it's not like I walked across the city in sub-zero weather - so I would think at least the middle would have stayed warm, but I'm guessing all the falafel balls were cold to begin with.   The tomato cucumber salad was quite fresh, which was nice.  The pita was lackluster in flavor and got kinda gummy as I chewed it, but at least it wasn't dry and falling apart.This area of Chestnut St has needed another option besides burgers, pizza, and Sushi...and this Falafel bar may just be the right move. I went there for the first time tonight and found that the Falafel sandwich hit the spot. The pita was warm and pretty incredible. The falafel itself was good with just enough crunch to make me happy. I'll be going back for more.I'll give this place a big old yumm yumm delish!  It's pretty simple and straight forward fare, but well done and really well priced. 
For just about $8 I got the combo platter. It came with falafel, eggplant patties, latke, hummus, cucumber-tomato salad and a huge fluffy warm pita. It was more than enough for lunch for two days (at least for me).  
The menu is pretty big .... Platters, sandwiches etc. and the prices are really reasonable. This is a great spot to grab lunch to take back to the office or to grab takeout for dinner it you are feeling uninspired to cook.The best falafel I have had in a while. I am a fan. The soup is good too. The service is a little slow, but I like the food so that makes up for it.Today I went to falafel bar and opted to get just a fresh salad with lots of veggies and side of falafel.  The people were super nice and the place was impeccably clean. Very important to me. My salad was very fresh and the falafel the best I've had in years. I highly recommend this place and would go back tomorrow for exactly the same thing. I'm already tasting it.Their falafel is amazing. I'd give them 5 stars, but I honestly wasn't too dazzled with everything else on the sandwich. They should look into some better toppings. 
The grilled chicken wrap was so-so. Again, the toppings kinda just threw the whole taste off. (Edit: I had the chicken wrap again and this time it went from so-so to repulsive. It tasted like plastic--no, even worse, like vegetarian nuggets.)I love this place!  We frequently order take-out from them at work and even with our complicated orders, it's always right and always delicious!  I love the falafels!  I can't say I'm a falafel expert, but my coworkers seem to love them too.  The veggies are always super fresh and their hummus is very good!  I definitely recommend it!  And yea, it's fast food, but that's what we get for lunch, and compared to everywhere else we order from it's probably the freshest.  I didn't think anything was greasy, but I didn't order the fries, so I don't know!I am a hummus snob.  The average store-bought hummus doesn't cut it for me.  And though I did not try the falafel (to be honest, I'm not a huge falafal fan) the hummus was really wonderful.  For $6, I bought the hummus platter and easily have enough food for two lunches.  Falafel Bar is clean, everyone was friendly, and it wasn't too busy at lunch time.  The hummus platter definitely makes this place worth it.Downtown Philly, PA
Okay, I love this spot. Delicious falafels. I like these combination sides they give on your platter orders.Rule to self: Eat here!Toni F., I'm just as confused as you are. Everyone keeps saying this place is "just ok" but I'll tell you what, I've had my fair share of falafel and I love this place. I work at 16th and Chestnut so it's just as great (and authentic) as Mama's, but not as much of a hike. Trust me, 4 blocks + the line running out the door at lunch time can be a hike sometimes.
The falafels are crispy on the outside yet moist on the inside and very delicious. Unlike Maoz, where they are so f-ing dry and lack any flavor I have to drown them in tzatziki sauce. The pitas come with the traditional cucumber and tomato salad garnished with fresh parsley and pepper. Deeeelish! And then hummus as well. The pitas are also warm, thick and fluffy. Today I tried the veggie chicken pita and it certainly met my high expectations of other veggie "meats," however I can not confirm it is vegan because I didn't ask. Although, next time I will ask for a lighter portion of the cumcumber and tomato salad because it tended to over power my delicious grilled "chicken" patty.
Other reviews complain that the service is not fantastic, but what does one expect at a place call the Falafel Bar in Center City? You walk in, they take your order, you pay, wait for it (which doesn't take long even during a busy lunch rush), eat in or take out. That's it. It's typical counter service, so sorry there is no red carpet or any fake smiles wishing they hope you have the most friggin fantastic day on the planet.
If you want a great falafel experience, quick service, great portions and very decent prices, go here.Satisfactory and with all the right accompaniments. Not the best I've had, but I'm Egyptian, so my standards are high. Thicker tahini, more flavorful hummus and baba would go a long way, in my opinion. Pita bread was delicious, though.The Falafel Bar on Chestnut and 15th Sts made me one of the yummiest falafel sandwich I have had since moving to Philadelphia. The pita was soft and warm, the cucumber salad was crunchy and fresh, and the falafel had a spicy kick that makes your mouth water for more, all topped off with a tzatiki sauce to die for. The line cooks and cashier were friendly and quick. I am definitely going to revisit this place over and over again.One of those time when I wished I could divie out a half star. Went to Falafel Bar with my friend Cliff to quench a Falafel craving. When you crave Falafel, nothing else is a good substitute. 
I really wanted to love this place, Falafel is ready for the big time and I think it will one day compete with the Hamburger. But finding a consistently great Falafel Sandwich outside of a food cart is hard. 
Falafel Bar is a nice, clean, brite new spot in Center City, with a great Graffiti mural on the wall leading up to the counter. Everything looked so fresh and colorful, we just knew we were in for a treat. The food was fresh, but I had a couple of issues with it. Like the Falafel itself was tasty, but it wasn't crisp enough for my taste, and the Pita was way too thick and it was cold instead of warmed. 
I ordered the Hot Tomali Fries, and they were good but not spicy at all. The service was cheerful and fast and if they tweak it a little, I would be a regular customer.