This restaurant is a gem.  After entering through the wood themed front doors it's as if the hustle of the city and nearby I-95 just dissappears.  The interior is warm and wooden.  We were quickly seated and our server was with us in a moment with a basket of chips to get us started.  I ordered the Ultimate Burger with a steamed apples on the side.  Totally delectable. I highly recommend this place for it's great food in a laid back casual atmosphere with top notch servicethe food is usually great, especially the bbq chicken. the fries aren't that great anymore b/c they use a different type of oil now (i asked the manager). but overall, its a good meal, not southern bbq, but good.Great food, service and atmosphere! All the waiters are prompt, the food is always delicious and the interior design of the building makes you feel very cozy and warm during the winter. One waiter, Famous Tyrone, is hilarious! I haven't seen him working there for a while, but if you ever get him, he is the best! I highly recommend Famous Dave's for anybody looking to satisfy their BBQ craving need.(edit) 
Famous Dave's gets an extra star for professionalism! Great to see restaurant owners using Social Media to connect with customers. 
Pretty Decent Wings. Their BBQ sauces were interesting...
Will definitely give you guys another try. Thanks for caring about customer experiences.Never again.
Arrived with the wife at 7 on a friday and we were sat quickly after the elderly woman hostess and a waitress almost got in a fist fight. 
For the first 10 minutes seemingly every member of this fine establishment walked by our table including Chris. Finally I said to elderly hostess we still havent been served. She pauses, stares at me and says disbelievingly, "Chris aint been here?!" having not met Chris at this time I wasnt  positive but I confidently stated "no" and she kindly let me know not to worry he would eventually come around. 
Long story short, Chris came, he was sleepwalking and I have never seen a human being make carrying a soda look so difficult. 
Food was good but the wife got very very very sick when we got home. Two meals 1 soda and 1 water was 50 bucks.Pig, pig pig pig, pig pig pig. 
Goofy fishin' n huntin' decor surrounds surprisingly good ribs.  The smallest rib platter (for adults) included four or five giant pork ribs, corn on the cob, corn muffin, and two sides of my choice. 
Everything was good, but the bbq sauces are not quite hot enough for a teflon-tongue like me.   The service was excellent. 
Likely the only place in Philly where a belly-busting dinner for six including a few beers  runs less than $100.Great place to come with your friends!  The food is awesome and the service was too.  Love the atmosphere and as far as bbq goes, you really can't beat it.Went here for lunch and it was pretty empty as it was sort of early but we were seated right away so that's a plus. We ordered off the lunch menu and the food was good. The waitress was friendly. My only issue is that she served a table who came in after us and then told my table we were next. Clearly all of our food was done at the same time but she forgot which order to place the food. I'm typically able to overlook this but there's no excuse why she wasn't focused as there weren't a lot of tables to manage. Other than that it was a good experience and I will try them again but maybe a different location.The atmosphere is nice and the restaurant was crowded so we thought that the food would definitely be fresh and hot.  WRONG!!  We placed our orders and within a few minutes our food was served.  My wife and I looked at each other and said what did they cook everything this morning so that it was ready?  The bar b que ribs were okay, nothing to jump for joy about.  We have had better is smaller places.  Seeing that this is a chain store, you would think the food is really good.The BBQ here is like a Texas grilled dinner.the big slab of ribs..the friendly fast  service...always packed outside and inside...very loud...prices are inexpensive...Famous Dave's Monique HenryThe barbecue chips they serve you are just okay, but I like how you can use them to sample the different barbecue sauces. I discovered Devils Spit is my favorite, and sweet & zesty is pretty good too.
Between two we ordered the sampler platter and a small barbecue chicken nachos, both from the appetizer menu which costed a total of $24. Both were pretty good, I was especially surprised by the nachos. They were actually pretty filling and had some white sauce (not sure what it was) that was yummy. The sampler gave us a taste of their barbecue wings, fried chicken, fried fish, ribs, and onion rings. It was a little overwhelming due to it mostly being fried, but I can't deny that I enjoyed it. We also took home plenty of leftovers as the sampler and even the 'small' nachos had plenty of food!
Overall, it was good but definitely not one of my favorites. It did certainly take away my craving for barbecue sauce though!For a national chain, Famous Daves is about middle of the pack.  That isn't to say it is a bad thing, because there are certain things that they do that are just great.  First off, any place that give you unlimited bbq chips for sauce dippin is fine by me.  Their bbq sauces aren't the greatest, but they do the job.  Rich and Sassy and the Devil's Spit are my two favorite.  I've gone to this and the Cherry Hill location dozens of times.  The quality is consistent, which is very good.  Now usually I just do the "pick two meat combo", but I went a different direction this time.  I tried the catfish, which I have never done before.  It was actually quite tasty, not dried out.  I got mashed potatoes and the mac and cheese.  The mashed potatoes weren't really good at all, but I like the mac and cheese for its hints of jalapeno and bits of corn in it.  The girlfriend got the Georgia chopped pork with is always my favorite.  She is also mildly obsessed with the ranch here calling it "the greatest ranch in the world".  Her words, not mine.  Probably the best thing about this place is the corn bread muffin.   I usually only wind up eating the top of it,  but it's SO DAMN GOOD.
If anyone is going and hasn't gone before, the ribs I've always found to be dried out and bland, the brisket is hit or miss, the roasted chicken is usually a safe bet and the chopped pork being always very good.
We definitely had a great experience last night as the server was just spot on (her name was Cherise I think?).  She was friendly and joking.  We had a coupon for buy one get one appetizer for my birthday, so she immediately brought out a free ice cream sundae at no additional charge.  That is just great service.
Yes it's a chain, but give it a try.I had absolutely no business going to Dave's, considering that I 1) am a near full-time vegetarian and 2) avoid chain restaurants in general and esp. in Philly, considering the plethora of quality independent places. Nonetheless, my husband--a committed carnivore who was really psyched to check it out--convinced me to give it a shot for lunch, and damn, was it good!
The decor is kitschy but homey, and the service is outstanding: from the hostess to the manager to the server, we were heartily welcomed and given the full tour for 1st-timers. The menu is overwhelming (in a good way), but our server expertly parsed out the options after easing us into the experience with some complimentary chips and a tour of the 5 (I think) BBQ sauces on the table. 
Husband had the ribs with corn on the cob, cole slaw, & a corn muffin on the side, and was extremely happy. I toyed w/ the idea of just ordering a veggie-friendly side or 2, but gave in to my meat-cravin' heart and had the BBQ chicken sandwich w/ potato salad: the former was kickass and the latter nothing special but totally adequate (the one part of the experience that seemed generic/mass-produced/typical chain fare). We were both grateful for the assortment of sauces and the paper towel dispenser on the table.
As for beverages, I don't recall the beer selection, as the drink menu was unusually  enticing. The Texas Tea was huge, delicious, potent, and amazingly well-priced. 
In short, based on my one visit, Dave's rocks, and I'd recommend it to anyone other than vegetarians more dedicated than I. Service, atmosphere, food, drinks, and prices were great, and now that I've dwelled on the meaty awesomeness, I see another visit in the very near future.Famous Daves is cool, but I didn't like the ambiance (western feel). It's nice that they offer a coupon for 1st timers. I'm going to use it at the new location downtown when I get a chance. I was having a hard time deciding on what to get so the waiter offered me a free sampler. I think it was a mini rib, a piece of brisket, some pulled pork, and a piece of chicken tender. This wasn't an appetizer it was a literal sampler like some food court szechuan. I almost choked on the brisket (it was tough). It was a bit scary, but I got it down in time. I liked the variety of sauces, but one of them really tasted OFF.
Anyway, the service was pretty good and so was the food. I was just really turned off by the feel of the place (and the choking) it felt like I was eating in Cabelas. BTW, having a paper towel dispenser at each table is a great idea as opposed to napkins. I'll try chestnut street some time and go all in on the biggest ribs they have. Maybe then I can go 4 stars or maybe not.I tried Famous Dave's for the first time today. It's been one of those places I've been meaning to try and just never got around to until now....while my experience wasn't bad, I don't really feel I missed out on much.
Upon entering Famous Dave's you can see its a very family oriented establishment, I thought the pig mascot walking around was cute for kids.
The customer service was....well it's hard to fault people for doing too much, but there is a point where it becomes overkill and then just enters the annoying zone....that's the service at Famous Dave's . From when we first down and waitress "explained the menu to us" by pointing at every section and providing a long summary of each section to the constant stops at the table. I understand their heart is in the right place, but it was just overkill. I could barely eat with all the interruptions.
The food was ok, I had the St. Louis Ribs and BBQ Chicken. The chicken was far. More satisfying, the ribs were quite dry even when drenched in sauce. The potato. Salad was excellent.
It's obvious that Famous Dave's strives for superior customer service, but they need to just tone it down a notch...or maybe two.
They gave us a $5 off coupon so I will give them another try and just hope I got an unlucky rack of ribs."Great service, friendly workers, and quick food! I recommend Famous Dave's to everyone!" says our 10 year old..The manager was one of the best I've seen and even got her to try a rib (a FEAT I tell you)..everything I've ever had on the menu is great..We've gone a couple of times and always enjoyed ourselves. It's a chain restaurant so there are no real surprises. Reasonable prices.Love love love their baby back ribs! They just fall off the bone. And are not fatty at all. I love their dry rub on the ribs. I usually take carry-out! And the servers are very attentive and polite. When I do choose to dine in, I love their spicy complimentary chips. The whole experiences of tasting the sauces is amazing! This is my go to place in philly for some good'ol ribs!!!One of my exes introduced me to Famous Dave's. Although it is messy to eat, I really like the food here. I especially like the rib tips. Their BBQ is quite tasty. The decor is interesting and service was friendly. Also they have a takeout section, which is cool.Good chain BBQ. Have been many times.  We even buy the sauce to take home.  Not super cheap but they give you so much food I really recommend that you plan to split it with a pal. 
The last tine I went the corn on the cob was scary over-cooked but usually the eats are just fine.I've been going to this famous daves for years.  They offer great bbq in a relaxed environment.  The staff are very nice and the prices are very reasonable.We had the full slab of St. Louis style and the combo order of baby back and St. Louis. Two big eaters and we couldn't finish everything. The sides are very good: corn on the cob, cole slaw, cornbread muffins, all good. And the ribs are outstanding.You know this is the place to go when the average weight of the customers is 180lbs. It's my 3rd time at a famous dave's, still not impressed. The ribs are overcooked and therefore dry. The bbq sauce was really vinegary.
At least we didn't have to wait for a table b/c the bar area with the high top tables were open. Our waiter was super friendly and funny and attentive.I have been to a famous Daves before in Ohio and really enjoyed it. So I took my mother and brother for them to try. I'm a BBQ snob and must say. I make mean BBQ myself. But for when I just can't sit around for 12 smoking my own meat and my favorite whole in the wall BBQ place closed this is a good back up. We enjoyed the burnt ends as our app. Also about half price since it was Tuesday. We got the feast for two (it really feeds 4) to share. It was all really good and when with two grown men at the table we still had lots of left overs.  we really enjoyed our meal and I will return.When I want ribs, this is where I go! I'm getting excited about ribs just writing this review! 
I *discovered* ribs in January 2011 when I wanted to serve ribs for my birthday dinner.  So I bought a few slabs from Famous Dave's.  Oh the deliciousness!!!  I was hooked on ribs ever since!  I wish I could eat ribs from Famous Dave's weekly, but I have to watch my weight. :-)
I also ordered BBQ chicken from there for an holiday event at home and they were a hit!  
Yeah...I'm a fan.My brother and I endeavor good restaurants, and Famous Daves sums up all the good qualities a restaurant should have. The food was great, the originality was great, and the service was really good, although I got a hint that the waitress was flirting with my brother. The entire front entrance of the building was packed with people, so I thought I wasn't gonna be able to eat. With a western style interior, the picture of the pig holding a rack of ribs kinda threw a bad vibe my way. I also got good phone service inside so i was happy. I love this place.Their cornbread is amazing. Though I am not all gung-ho about BBQ, I will admit that Famous Dave's is pretty good. With their 6 blends of BBQ sauce from mild to "call the fire department, my mouth is on fire." They are sure to have flavors that will please your taste buds. And the cornbread is pretty good. I even liked their bread pudding, and I don't like bread pudding in general!I went to this restaurant 
 i had amazing service great wait staff friendly atmosphere... Food was not to spices prices are good...
You have 25.00 dollars its worth a lunch time visitfor a chain BBQ joint, this is plenty alright. in fact, for a spell there, we were here most saturdays, as the kid thought this was an awesome night out. (3 year olds are easy that way.)
the waitstaff is generally friendly and fast, and the food is reliably the same.
sure, that might not sound like a resounding huzzah or anything--but it's better than a stick in the eye, culinarily-speaking.Let's be honest. I'm not heading to Famous Dave's for elegant attire, or high end food. I'm going there to eat lots of ribs, and get a huge portion of food. We went recently, and walked away very stuffed, plump and happy. Be prepared to eat with your hands, have some laughs, and just have some fun eating decent food. Their beer's are the general America beers, nothing really special. I've never had a mixed drink there, and probably never will. Commonly I will order the half and half dinner, which comes with half a rack of ribs, and half order of chicken, with 2 sides and a corn muffin.
We have never waited to be seated even when its busy there, which it often is on weekends. The wait staff is pretty nice and happy to explain the food items. Which is nice, as it can get pretty busy, and one would expect it to be hectic there. They are always polite, and have a smile on their face.I would like to thank Famous Daves BBQ and Operation BBQ Relief for providing a free meal to all the hard working law enforcement personnel at the DNC. This Texas boy gives your bbq 5 stars for being tender and tasty.  Thanks again!!!Delaware Ave, South Philly
I love this place. Thats why I never go back. I can not stop eating their food....Really it is awesome here. Im scared to go back...because it is just too good for my tummy! I cant have that. LOLFamous Dave's is your run-of-the-mill chain restaurant, but their BBQ is pretty OK. There's nothing fancy about this place, but then again, I don't think BBQ restaurants should be. The service is friendly, portions are large and prices low to moderate. 
My only two gripes from my last visit:
1.) My husband ordered a beer that was spoiled... for beer drinkers (which I'm not) I believe  beer goes bad when it's been chilled, gets warm and then you try to chill it again. The only thing I know is that his beer smelled AWFUL (like skunk!). We told our server about it and she was gracious to get us another one but it was the same thing :/
2.) The restroom facilities were in a less than desirable condition. With the number of staff we saw on hand, many of which were just hanging out in the hostess area, one of them could have checked to make sure the restrooms were clean...just sayingThe wait to be seated was over triple the amount of time I was told when we put our name in, and when I had the audacity to ask for an updated ETA I got attitude from the host. He said I was up next, and then proceeded to call someone else's name before mine a couple of minutes later. 
Our waitress was awkward and could not speak eloquently about the menu whatsoever. I asked for suggestions on which appetizer to try as I had never been there, and she started talking about feasts for multiple people (main entrees).  When I got her back on track and asked how the appetizer I wanted was, she very hesitantly said it was good. Really? Not much of a saleswoman, that one. 
Drinks took so long a manager came out and asked about it. The pacing of the rest of the meal was abysmal. All of the food was dropped off within 5 minutes from the free chips (which should have been brought along with the server as she initially greeted us, IMO) which made it difficult to enjoy everything while it was still warm. Refills on the drinks took a long time, and even that felt awkward. 
The dining room itself, although not packed, was a very irritating environment. There were a couple of tables that had *ADULTS* watching very loud videos on their cell phones. Seriously people? It's scary that at least one of those tables had children who are clearly being raised without a key component - respect for others in public spaces. I'd think most places would kindly ask that guests keep the noise level down so as to not disturb other guests, but clearly the staff here doesn't give a crap about a pleasant experience anyway so I suppose I'm not surprised that no one said a thing. 
Once we were getting close to wrapping up, she dropped the check off and...disappeared. My beverage sat there empty during the 15-20 minutes we waited for her to bother letting us pay, which didn't help. I started to think I was mistaken and they had a central register where the customers bring the bill to pay a'la IHOP.  When she finally came back we received a half-hearted apology and she processed the payment within the next 5 minutes. 
All told, that experience included well over an hour of waiting. We nearly were unable to do the errands we had planned for the rest of the afternoon thanks to the mistake of choosing this establishment for lunch. Never again.Famous Dave's has our family hooked on their version of inexpensive, decent BBQ.  It is great for our 6 year old (she can get BBQ chicken or mac 'n cheese and DH 7 I can get an elegant meal presented on a trash can lid.
Tyrone & Alicia are the BEST servers!  Give them a BIG raise!
The management treats us so well here - and Wilbur (the pig mascot) entertains out little one.
Try to come here at 3 or 4 PM when the lunch rush is over and dinner has not yet begun. And you can get the lunch-size (and price!) specials ANY TIME which is great.  3 ribs for $7.99 includes a side, a corn cobette and a mamoth sweet cornbread muffin.
Carbo-loaded BLISS.So I've been going here for about 10 years, working in S. Philly.  We visited it the other day for lunch.  I'll start by saying we sat ourselves in the bar area.  As I was walking to a table, I noticed a drip, of condensation on a customer.  After sitting at our bar side high top table for a few minutes, I too got a drop of condensate from the overhead round duct register.  In fact, when you looked up, the bottom of the register had a string of drips that fell one at a time.  (I guess they offer free showers there with lunch?!)  We were kind of impressed with the amount of home made chips offered, but a few of them were black on one side.  Like completely black to a crisp....and heavily seasoned.  I started flipping through the pages of the menu and got a lil queasy looking through all the food debris and sauces that were spattered all over it.  When I worked as a food server, it was part of the hostesses job to wipe all sides of a menu with a damp rag.  While I was running my hand down the menu, there were HUGE chunks of dried meat on it.  Frigging disgusting.  The table was sticky AF.  I mean, nasty disgusting sticky.  They either need to start using table cloths or get a peice of glass to lay on top so your arms don't stick to the table.  Our waitress/bartender had purple colored hair and tattoos all over her arms and various other body parts.  It is a shame because this place could be so much better beings it is the ONLY BBQ place in S. Philly.  Food was just okay.  Brisket was dry AF.My first visit to Famous Daves was today.  Enroute taking a friend to Philly airport, we ventured off Rt 95.  It was a very nice experience, we arrived around 12:30 for lunch at the bar.  We told the bartender we were in a bit of a rush because my friend had a plane to catch.  She promptly got our drinks and took our order.  The food came out in no time flat and was VERY good.  I would surely go back when in the area.I've been here a few times, each time I've went, I've liked it less and less. The service has been above average to good each time, but I'm not that big of a fan of the food here. The ribs are just okay, but I do like the pulled pork. And don't even bother w the chicken or the wings.
The only reason I come here is because of the huge portions and my friends seem to love it. I don't think I've ever finished a meal I've had here because they really do give you a lot of food. So if you're really hungry, it's worth checking this place out since it's not too expensive.The food is decent, nothing spectacular. I'll only go if someone else suggests it. Large portions and good corn muffins. The service is okay, managers are always present.Probably more like 3.5 stars, but I'm feeling generous so I'll round up. Yes it's a chain, which, by some standards, should make it lose a point. But sometimes one craves consistency... and cheap, comfort food. As far as chains go, this one is pretty decent.
I'm not a BBQ maniac, so I can't comment on the authenticity of the food, but it is darn tasty. With five sauces to pick from, you kind of can't go wrong (I favor the Sweet and Zesty). 
Also, I like a good deal. The lunch/early bird special (do you have to be a senior citizen to use "early bird" in a sentence?) is a ton of food for less than $8 or $9. Their BBQ chicken salad is also incredibly tasty (get the dressing on the side, otherwise they douse it) and comes in a huge portion. Plus, on every receipt is a voucher for a free dessert for your next visit. Try the bread pudding.
Stars are definitely lost for poor service in the dining room. If you go on a weekend at dinner time, you'll have to wait to be seated. You'll also probably have slow or disinterested service. However, sitting in the bar area during non-peak hours has always resulted in superb service for us. 
The decor is silly and the atmosphere is laid back. I like that. It's BBQ after all.Well I loved going here 
But my last experience was really bad.
It took 40 min for an order of burnt tips to come out, no chips were offered 
Waitress was so bad I understand they were busy but not even coming to table for anything
Won't be going backI love this place. If there were a six star rating I would give it away to famous daves. I love eveything here. I love BBQ sauce I guess. It's my weakness. Spicy sweet whatever. They have so many different kinds. I guess now that I think about it this is not a good place to go if you're a vegetarian. But I'm not one of those. I love it here. I want to go right now. Get the giant combo meal that comes on a garbage can lid.Famous Dave's is a chain that serves barbeque. If you've had honest to goodness, cooked in a roadside shack, dirt on the floor barbeque, you know that there's no real comparison. All in all though, Famous Dave's does a passable job and without having to fly five hours.
The servers are helpful and attentive. They don't hover and they don't disappear. The food is tasty. Not the transcendant orgy of smokey meat or tangy sweetness that you'd get down south, but it's tender and has some flavor. The bar has a decent selection of drafts and bottles. No beer snob's brewery tour delights, but it hits its marks. The prices are reasonable.
Definitely a worthwhile alternative to Olive Garden. However, Famous Dave's is competent, not fantastic. With the dearth of barbeque places in Philly, it deserves consideration if you'd like to mix it up.The tables and booths are very spacious which is necessary when you're chomping on ribs and there are sauces everywhere. After ordering, the sever will bring out a plate of chips for you to try the sauces. I really liked the Sweet & Zesty and Devil's Spit if you like a bit of tangyness. 
As for the Ribs itself, it was decent quality. Soft and tender but nothing too outstanding. The rubs were a bit salty for me. We also got the Burnt Ends, which were small in sizes but fun to eat. The cornbread was on point though. So overall I'd give Daves a 3.2 for food.
Service was great! Responsive waiters and waitresses. 
I'd say give it a try if you're in the area and is craving some barbecue .For a cheap and super tasty BBQ, this is totally the place to go. We went out to a really fancy and pricey restaurant the night before we went to Famous Dave's and we kept commenting on how we should have just done FD's instead the night before. They have these unbelievable sauces and they give you chips to dip.....yuuummmy!!! It was really clean, and we sat at the bar - it was a great time chatting with the bar tender, and eating the ribs. The price and taste make this a near 5 in my book!I went to Famous Daves last night, it was the second time that I've been there. I don't really remember my first experience, it was about two years ago.
The service was above average, our server continued to attend to us, mostly because the rest of the restaurant was dead.
The food was just all right, I got a platter? two types of meat (ribs and some pork) with corn, cornbread, fries, and coleslaw. The food is a little bit too sweet for my taste, but then again, it IS BBQ food.
The atmosphere wasn't that bad, it wasn't loud although we had a family sit behind us telling their kids that they would slam them, whatever that means.Famous Dave's is not consistent food.Last night I ordered 1/2 slab BBQ ribs and chicken tender for togo, chicken tenders are dried and ribs are extremely fat !!!!!!!!!  We are so disappointed spent $30 for somethings that we can't eat. We have been dinning in here before every time food was good never got fat ribs and for sure the  only one time I got togo food was uneatable.After a long day, whether dealing with your boss, stressing over school, or moving way too much unnecessary furniture out of public storage, this is the perfect pick-me up.  Though I'm not normally a proponent of stress or emotional eating, few things can cure a tired back or a hungry soul like good BBQ.  This place has that and icy cold beer for cheap.  
Saddle up to the large bar area and cut the line at the door.  The bar seating is just as roomy and comfy as the rest of the dining rooms, but is self-seated on a first come first serve basis.  One of the friendly bartenders will get you a full menu and sell you on some extremely reasonable mugs of beer.  After gulping down some ice cold beer, stage one of relaxation is complete.  
With stage two, go wild.  I've had both feasts (all-American (serves 5-6) and feast for two) at this place, served on a garbage can lid.  Not one thing on that lid was short of finger-licking good.  All the meats are juicy, flavorful, and satisfying, even the chicken.  Their baby back ribs are definitely great, but they have stiff competition in the beek brisket.  Their veges are good, but aren't stand outs like the rest.  However their cornbread is so rich and moist (like cake!), I had to bring the leftovers home for breakfast the next morning.  
Although you'll be smacking your lips on the food itself, try one of the many sauces they have at the table to add a little playtime to your meal.  I experimented with all the sauces and found which I preferred with certain meats.  I'm a big fan of their "devil spit" because of its smoky spiciness and  dipped my beek brisket in it.  
Don't worry about over-eating at this place, you will if you do it right.  But once you've satisfied your BBQ craving at Dave's, you'll have no problem sleeping soundly and contently that night.  
P.S. first timers get a $5 coupon on your next visit.  My coupon was honored 2 years later!well - not to repeat other Yelpers, but if you like BBQ - this is a destination worth checking out! My partner John and I stopped by there for lunch and ate way more than we planned - it was THAT good...
The service is great and friendly - even if you've been there once before, it's worth saying its your first time, just so your famous server can go through their script introducing you to their entire menu and their six-pack of sauces; learning what's best for each meal.
Grant it - the space is on the verge of a TGIFriday design; but it's an authentic design which can easily allow you to feel as if you've been transported from a place far, far away from a parking lot in deep South Philly.
Oh - if you're a plushie, you'll be extra happy as a 6-foot plushie pig waves and greets you upon entering/exiting the venue... an odd reaction from someone who is watching as cannibals enter to eat their relatives. 
But, oh - what yummy relatives they were ;)This place is the boom 
I took my family out eat and we spent $50 dollars. Oh man lot of foods, we love it the BBQ ribs taste do good. Recommend to allI usually don't care to review chains, but I feel like this spot deserves a mention, due to the fact that 
a) I live and work right nearby and therefore have eaten here a large handful of times and 
b) it is one of the few restaurants down the street from one of the few movie theaters in the city and could possibly be the "dinner" portion of a "dinner and a movie" night.
There are definitely much better places to get BBQ in the city, however, if you are on Columbus Blvd and need a quick meal, Famous Dave's will meet that need.  Other options in the area are limited (champps, wendys, mcdonalds, chick fil a, IHOP, longhorn steakhouse).
I like their selection of BBQ sauces- five or six of varying heat and sweetness.  I also like their pulled chicken.  Pulled pork is a little too fatty.  I also like the BBQ chips they bring out while you wait for your meal- watch out because they are super salty.  I also like the cajun chicken sandwich they have (grilled chicken with monterrey jack cheese and fried onions).  I personally don't order many of the other meats, but they have a decent selection of ribs, brisket, chicken and sandwiches.  Side dishes are all pretty good- I like the coleslaw and the fries (they are the more potato-y kind)
I will say that everytime I come here, I get really good service.
Overall, if you keep your expectations low on the food, you will enjoy your meal.  There is nothing wrong with the food, it's just pretty standard chain-restaurant-quality.I love the corn muffins and sides but the quality of the meat has gone down. It's like they don't take pride in what they're putting out anymore. This was my favorite bbq place but I think I'm going to have to find another one. Serving people gristle and meat that is dry as well is just not caring. Bbq is a comfort food and there's nothing comfortable about what I've been receiving.MARCH 3rd 2007 UPDATE: CITY'S BEST 2007: BAR-B-Q
If you've never tried this place, you should give it a shot. (Unless you are a Republican Prime Rib type diner.)
This is a bit kitschy. Okay not a bit. It's totally kitsch. You are dining in a 'log cabin' with fishing hooks, checkered tablecloths, a roll of paper towels and meat in a basket. 
But I was so surprised how great the ribs were. Now I'm not condoning you to order pasta or other things you know they are not known for. You need to be getting these ribs. 
Now if you want real character and real BBQ that doesn't come from a corporation, you wouldn't be here.
Here's what to order if you want to try:
Famous St. Louis Ribs dinner, which includes corn bread muffin, corn-on-the-cob and choice of two sides (Potato Salad, Creamy Coleslaw, Wilbur Beans, Drunkin' Apples, Famous Fries, Firecracker, Green Beans (w/bacon), Garlic Red-Skin Mashed Potatoes) all for about $12.
WARNING: Kid's meals mean you can the same amount of ribs as God took from Adam.  . . .  .That would be one.I love Famous DAVE's..
To be a chain restaurant they have the best BBQ... Whenever I go with more than one person we normally get the Eat for 2 combo... Its more than what you can eat in one sitting....
Their bbq is always tender and the variety of sauces are the best!!!
This location is very clean and service is awesome....BBQ snobs will probably criticize this place for the kind of artificial hickory taste in the sauce rather than on the meat itself. They might criticize that chains cannot properly do BBQ because the preparation of the meat depends on the pit masters themselves.
But with all that said, I think their food is pretty decent and satisfies my BBQ craving. Their sides are good as good as pork beans, potato salad and the likes can get. Their brisket, which probably is my favorite, is tender, their BBQ sauce is nicely tangy, sweet, and thick. Their pork is my 2nd favorite, but it seems more shredded and less appetizing when you look at it.
Some criticism: their ribs, especially towards the end, can get a bit tough and chewy. Their BBQ chicken isn't the best and every now and then, they are overcooked (the breat meat is dry). Not sure if that's the server's fault for not bringing it when it was ready or whether they have a bunch of cooked chicken they reheat.
But all in all, for a chain, it's not too shabby. Probably not quite 4 stars but I will round it up.Instead of saying that the service was slow, because it was, I wanna say they must have been understaffed for the night we went. We would wait 15-20 minutes for the waiter to come around then another 15 for her to bring what we asked (drinks,extras,ect). The food was delicious though! And they have some interesting sauces, loved there BBQ! Guess well just have to try back on another night!I understand on mother's day restaurant's are busy but that's no excuse for lack of service, the holidays are times establishments should prepare for...that being said we were seated with a toddler & not offered a booster seat. Then our server Danni (I think that was her name) made me feel a little rushed with giving our order. Next I noticed a larger party that came in about 20 mins after us instantly receive chips as soon as their bottoms hit the seat, we weren't even offered any. Next our appetizers came out and while I watched the young man who brought them out walk around the room trying to find out which table they belonged to as he finally found us he discovered we didn't have any plates nor utensils. So now the food comes out and although it was tasty I wish I could really enjoy it but it was cold...I am throughly disappointed in this place...I will say this the drinks were good so kudos to the bartenderThis was my first time here! And the food was so good! I forgot my awesome servers name but she was great! I had the delicious ribs and they were so good. The corn muffin... don't get me started. The prices are amazing too! Can't wait to come back and try out more of the menu!Famous Dave's is ok. I usually get the bbq chicken sandwich, baked beans and coleslaw. Not bad.......the only good thing about this place was the BBQ sauce and their chicken. I never had brisket that you couldn't cut with your fork.. its supposed to be tender. It took my husband a good 2 minutes to chew a small piece.  I have had BBQ so much better from small places you didn't think existed. I was so disappointed.. The chicken was the best and i would go there for the chicken and bbq sauce.. other wise save your money!I will be honest... I am not a huge fan of BBQ sauce on my ribs. The only thing I like BBQ sauce on is chicken nuggets. However, my friends do.. so i still came.
Not going to lie... this place is pretty good. There are other things to order if you are like me. It's not completely bbq sauce over everything. The sides are amazing! their cornbread and corn is definitely what keeps me coming back.
You leave with more than a full belly and a smile on your face, for not an expensive tab at the end. 
the only reason why they dont get 5 stars is because i cant exactly remember the entree dishes so i cant vote for that...My brother asked for a barbecue for his birthday so where else do you go in the middle of winter but Famous Dave's.  We had a party of 20 for my brother's birthday this past Saturday.  We ordered 5 All-American BBQ Feasts and we probably ordered one too many because there is that much food in each Feast.  Everyone had their favorites:  mine were the ribs.  My brother raved about the Texas Beef Brisket.  The service was excellent.  The servers (we had two) were always available it seemed, even though the restaurant was packed.  EVERYTHING we asked for we got.  We took in a birthday cake from Termini's.  The staff put sparklers on the cake - it made the birthday celebration that much more special.  ThankYou can't beat this place. The best barbecue spot around. Bring your wallet it won't be cheap, because you can't come here and order just one thing. The food is all well grilled and you get a vast selection of sauces to put on your meats. The baked beans are the best. I love to get the two meat combo so I can taste more than one thing in the same sitting. Go here in a group and if you put some time in with a woman you can bring her, so you can pig out together. Go hereWas stuck at hotel near airport without transportation so we decided to order through Grubhub. Got the food and didn't send the baked potato, which was my dinner. My wife called and they rudely told her that she should have answered her phone (or phones were both by our sides the entire time and never rang). They credited the amount back but I went to bed hungry.Heard a lot of good things about Famous Dave's for years and noticed recently it was on UberEats. Using the delivery service, I put in a large order for my family to sample many of its dishes. I specifically tried their burnt ends, french fries, mashed potatoes, corn bread, beef brisket, onion strings, Kahlua brownie, and sweetened iced tea. The burnt ends were perfect. Small, bite sized cubes with a perfect bark, perfectly rendered fat, soft, moist meat, and slathered in a barbecue sauce that is sweet without being overt and a twang of heat without being overpowering. The beef brisket is easily described in such terms as well. Absolutely delicious. The onion strings are remarkable. Crispy, flavorful, bountiful, it has all of the elements of an onion ring without being greasy or chewy. The corn bread was delicious, a nice crust on the top but, if I have any complaints, it's that the muffin sticks to the paper (which is entirely minor an inconvenience). French fries were good, hearty and more like steak fries that are crispy but could use salt. Mashed potatoes did not have a noticeable amount of garlic and could also use salt. Kahlua brownie was good, thick and filling (side of ice cream was good, Blue Bunny I believe). Iced tea tasted home made and wasn't overly sweet.Great service.  Love the hot links.  Th devil's spit BBQ sauce goes great on anything.  Didn't get a chance to try the corn muffin, my wife devoured it before I could blink.  The kids weren't that fond of the chicken fingers, but loved the fries and chips.Once again my ribs were delicious. Yummy to my tummy!!! Food great and service was fair. Drinks were made great by bartender and the location was clean. Famous Dave's does a body GOOD!!!When I went in with my blind father, the staff was extra attentive to make sure they described their many bbq sauces with in depth flavor descriptions to make sure he got a full experience. 
This place is delicious, affordable... and who doesn't love the Native American portrait prints in the ladies room?
The kitsch is overwhelming, but the food is too damn good. Great brisket, ribs, and side dishes. I've never had a bad meal there, or even an unimpressive meal. They have great bar specials at happy hour and the folks who work there friendly.Famous Dave's is ok but not great. I've had BBQ from some of the best places in Kansas City and other Midwest places. Famous Dave's can not compare to the high level of BBQ like the south and Midwest but its the best you can get in the Philly area. I do love the cornbread muffins and the bread pudding is to die for. It may not be the best bbq but its pretty good for what you can get in the area. I would come back.As we walked in, everything seemed clean and good to go. You could smell barbecue and my stomach was getting excited. Once we were seated we waited 20 minutes and no one came over to take even take a drink order. Needless to say, we left and went to Longhorn Steakhouse.From my semi-suburban, semi-charmed kind of youth, I remember the excitement of a new chain restaurant hitting town. 
That's kind of what Famous Daves brought to Philadelphia BBQ-lovers. Only, it took three attempts to actually get in. Anything on Columbus Avenue attracts a crowd that makes me want to run for the hills. Famous Daves, no exception.
Yes, their food is good. But seriously, all you need for successful BBQ is good sauce and meat. I think this place lacks character, and the fact that they serve some of their dishes on an upside down garbage pail lid is the the dumbest slob marketing move since Lonestar Steak encouraged its diners, "No really, THROW your peanut shells on the floor; we don't care."
Chain BBQ works, but it's missing the point. Even as Tommy Gunn's left Center City, spots like Ron's Ribs beckon your call much more than this place, where you'll be given a vibrating pager, and asked to wait as for 35 minutes.
Barbeque enthusiasts keep passin' it by.had a great Father's Day dinner. We had the salmon and ribs. Our service was great and our waitress Jassmen was wonderful.mwe would go backThere are some things that I don't want from a chain restaurant: 1) fish 2) food poisoning and 3) BBQ (minus ribs from Chili's).  I just feel that a BBQ place should be a small shack with a slow cooker in the middle, serving up corn bread and all the extra sauce you can get.  Maybe I'm spoiled because I have had some great out of the way BBQ experiences in Southern states, but to me Dave should not be famous, at least not for his BBQ.Enjoyed our birthday dinner here. Loved the brownie with a sparkler candle. I asked where I could by a few and the manager gave me some to take home. Great experience.I first ventured to Famous Dave's in the winter of 2006. 
I have been nothing but pleased with the my meals as well as the service. 
The locale is VERY casual don't come dressed to impress unless you enjoy having BBQ sauce stains on your fancy duds. 
FD offers a selection of BBQ sauces suitable for every one.  Cornbread is fantastic.  And they even offer balloon animals for the Kids. 
I recommend the Pork BBQ, Salmon as well as the BBQ chicken. 
End it all with a nice warm slice of Pecan Pie a la mode.I have now been to Famous Dave's in four different states, I'm kind of picky about bbq and Dave's never disappoints. There food and sauce has been consistent in every Dave's I have been to. The service was exceptional, i took 3 people in that have never been to a Dave's, so they were kinda taking their time with looking at the menu. It was Saturday night and the place was packed, the waitress came to see if we were ready the second time and said please don't think I'm trying to rush you, but we just seated a party of 40 and if their order goes in before yours you may have a long wait. Thank You for that.
Dave's gets it, great food, large portions, fast service but not rushed service, at a reasonable price.First time at this place and hated it from the jump. Waited ten minutes for a waiter. The food didnt come to the table till 6:15pm when we got here at 5:30pm and the place ain't even crowded. Won't come back.I ordered the Memphis Pork BBQ sandwich lunch special with fries on the go.
It was so yummy!
So juicy and full of flavor.
It's a large portion for lunch for one person.
Definitely stop in for lunch or dinner if you are in the mood for BBQ if in the area.When the place we wanted to go wasn't open on Sunday, we settled on Famous Dave's for a very early lunch.  It was early in the day and there wasn't too many places open.  The place was empty except for one other table so we got pretty good service from our waitress.  I agree with Felicia D when she said the sauces (even their hottest) aren't hot enough.  
Since they're a chain restaurant, they list the calories next to each item on the menu.  Which I was grateful for because I was going to get a turkey burger until I saw how unbelievably high in calories it was.  I settled on a plate of pulled pork on a piece of texas toast, with "spicy" green beans and mashed potatoes.  The pulled pork was great, moist without having big chunks of fat in it, and went nicely with whichever of the five sauces I put on it.  The mashed potatoes were average, nothing to write home about.  I was really disappointed in the green beans.  They had a mushy, canned taste and texture and weren't spicy at all.  
One last thing I have to note, they have a VIP type program where the more you eat there the more you save or something like that, but instead of calling the customers VIPs, they call them PIGs (Pretty Important Guests).  I get it's a BBQ restaurant but I don't want to be called a PIG.  I don't think it's the best marketing strategy.Although I am not into chain restaurants, Famous Dave's s pretty good. Went for lunch and both of our meals were tasty. I've had their BBQ before and do not recomend the brisket but eveything else ws fine. It was clean and the service was good (except for our waitress telling the next table her ENTIRE life story for about 10 minutes). Overall, for a chain, not bad.I've always found this spot to be ok. Food has always been middle of the road. Nothing great, nothing terrible. I've usually had moderate wait times, and the staff is fairly quick to take our orders and the food has never taken very long to get to us, unless we've been in a larger group. For such a big chain, one that boasts about how amazing it is, I'm just not sure I "get it". I've had better BBQ from other places in the area, namely Sweet Lucy's.
Like I said, I don't think the place is terrible. You can have a satisfying meal here, even if it's a bit unspectacular. Really more of a 2.5 Star place right now.the wife and i had lunch here and it was very good . place is like a log cabin inside.  you put the sauces on your ribs, some people like me do not like all of the sauce all over the ribs, i like to eat them just as they are with the rub on them. we will be going again soon .After I discovered my love for ribs, I have been searching for the very best that is out there.  I don't get Dave's!  They sell these award winning barbecue sauces, yet the location here only has dry rub St Louis Style.  My heart broken, I had the barbecued pulled pork sandwich, which was good and full of meat.
Finding Miller's Ale House last week, which is right next door to Dave's and Miller's has exceptional BARBECUED ribs, if in the area, I know which I will choose.  
The one thing that stood out to me when leaving Miller's and their parking lot was pretty full, Dave's parking lot was pretty well empty, except for a few cars and they probably belonged to employees.Went tonight with a group of 5.We ordered a brisket/sausage combo for the birthday boy who was comped because we had a happy birthday free meal worth up to $15.99 coupon.(Thrifty friends do fill out info cards and you will also have an in box full of great coupons) We had 1 order of Georgia pork a little tough but the sides of beans and coleslaw were excellent. The other 3 ordered a garbage can lid full of a nice selection of Famous Daves specialties including ribs,chicken,brisket and lots of sides.This order was supposed to feed 2 people but 3 hungry adults were satisfied.
We had fun playing whats your fave sauce by conducting blind taste tests with the free chips and samples of BBQ sauces.Winner....drumroll please! Georgia BBQ sauce a mustardy bit of yum, second runner up Sweet and Sassy and there is always one in every group (Devils Spit) was number 3.
If you are into log cabins you will love this place.
We sat under the giant moose head yuk! and I can think of many things I would rather look at other than this dead beasts nostrils which is what I got whenever I glanced upwards.
 I have not tried Sweet Lucy's so I can't compare the restaurants but all in all I think it is a good time group place that a kid would also find fun .Not a romantic date place.A bit loud at times. More a finger licking, messy, fun time.
If you are expecting real Texas BBQ you will be disappointed but for up here we're satisfied.O-M-G This Place SUX
We stopped in after being stuck in Blvd. construction traffic.
It's been over 12 hours since this mornings breakfast sandwich. We need food!
The little bartender has short term memory issues. Seriously, he walked around the bar and yelled back to ask what I had ordered. OK then,,
So we watched a half hour news cast, the Flyers pregame show, and now we're into the first period. We ask and he says our order will be out in a couple minutes. (maybe he's psychic)
A while later a tray of stuff comes out. REALLY!!!
The pathetic ribs would have been a bit better if they at least microwaved them a little longer to heat the bones. This was NOT from a smoker, oven or grill. No way in hell!!!
We ate what we could to get by on. Got out quickly.
Luckily we found a bar with a good, "Hot roast beef" sandwich.
This was no different than flushing $50 down the toilet!
They should be ashamed of themselves.
This crap hole will never get my business again! ! !Lunch at Famous Dave's was great. The chicken was cooked to perfection, the ribs were great, and the chips and sace were phenominal. I did go back for dinner and the ribs were over cooked. I would highly suggest lunch, as I am guessing this is when the food is really prepared for. But even though the ribs were over cooked, the flavor is awesome.It's chain store food.  You're not going to get the best barbecue you ever had, but it's also far from the worst.  The service on the other hand was outstanding.  Their waitress got them the 4th star from me.  
As someone who has had barbecue everywhere from TX to TN to KS, I have to say Philly is not a big barbecue connoisseur town, so to most here I'd say you'll be more then happy with this place.  
I'd eat here again, but I'm still looking for my go to place in this town.I found the food to be very well prepared and the service to be friendly and fast.  A variety of slow-cooked, smoked foods are offered (ribs, beef brisket, chicken, etc.), as well as similar foods (burgers, for example).  The meat is well prepared and portions are generous.  The barbecued meats are delicious, but I recommend the pork and beef over the chicken.  We like most of the sides.
Large, family-sized meals are available for groups.  Restaurant decor is what one would expect of a barbecue place, and is kept clean.
Sign up on their Web site for coupons.Dinner and a show...Employees cursing, spilling everywhere, food took forever, food came out wrong. The manager was kind, but the employees were a mess. Our server was so kind. It's a shame she has to work with that.I absolutely love famous Dave's. I think that for a chain the barbecue is as good as it gets. Obviously not as good as a real deal place, but always pretty consistent and a good value. We got the sampler and it was fantastic as usual. The chicken was the star, pulled pork second and ribs were a bit dry. The dry ribs were still delicious but cost a star. To be fair we were there at an odd time on a Saturday,3:00 pm. The corn bread muffins are incredible, fries great other sides great but the portions were small for 3 people. The banana pudding was excellent and highly recommended. 
Can't wait To go back soonOur food and service was not what we usually get this time. We went around 8pm & they close at 9, plenty of time right?! Well, they made us wait 10 minutes for a table when 75% of the restaurant was empty. Although our waiter was nice, he had a hard time with our order & it was pretty standard. My husband and brother in law, ordered salads, which he brought out with the meal. We waited a long time just to get our dinner. The food was subpar, my beef brisket didn't look the way it normally does, it was not shredded, it was dry with no sauce on it. The rib tips were extremely greasy/oily. Last but not least, was the check. He was no where to be found when we were ready to pay, since there were 2 couples we decided to split the check in two & pay with credit cards. No lie, 15 minutes later he came back saying there was some connection issue! We were there over 2 hours because of all of this & needless to say we will not be going back anytime soon, if ever.The food was amazing, I loved the bbq chicken. Will return to famous daves. Big portions. The restaurant is very cleanBBQ is good for a chain. Nice place to relax by yourself after a long week at work.Never disappointed with a meal from here.  My husband and I usually get the meal for 2 every single time we go.  The food is always hot, cooked and tastes great!  The service is always on point as well.  We usually just sit in the bar area, and the bartenders service is always great.  We haven't had the same server twice, and the service is always excellent.Man, I WANT to like this place. The food is great - sometimes. The service is great - sometimes. If you go in before 5 PM, you're treated well, the staff is on point, the food is hot and amazing! However...if you go in the evening, the B-team is there to ignore you, serve cold, gross food, and suck the life out of you with the wait time! Also: don't even bother ordering from GrubHub/Eat24 - it'll take 2+ hours to get some cold gross food delivered. I should have taken pics of daytime brisket vs. evening brisket. Day? Thick slices, meaty, not too much fat, and it looks appealing. Evening/delivery brisket looks like the fat they cut off the brisket, shredded down and threw at the plate. The Kitchen Manager, man. I feel for him. He always looks sad and overwhelmed...could be the lack of proper staffing levels in the evening, could be the customers complain about the service constantly, and rightfully so. We were just in  Wednesday night and we had to wait in line to complain!Food was good. Ordered the Family Deal for $64.99 that feeds 4 but could really feed 6. I thought the price was a little but food was good nonetheless. Very clean atmosphere and food takes no time to be ready. Waitress was okay. Good place to take your family.This place is so far back in the complex, you could almost miss it if you stopped driving. Lol.However I found it. Was seated immediately. Server was friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. I ordered the BBQ rib tips with potato salad and Mac n cheese. Wasn't the hugest fan of the mac because it had jalapeno peppers in it but everything else was great.love the chips and dips! Service was fast. Food was on the table in less than 15 minutes after being seated. I will be back.Went here for a quick lunch with my girlfriend a while back. The service was ok, the food was downright bad. I got a combo with pulled pork and brisket. The brisket was over cooked and dry, the pulled pork was so bad it had the texture of something that had been left on a car dashboard in the summer. IT was so hard and dry it was literally crunchy. The building smelled amazing, the food sucked.I ordered roughly 60 dollars worth of food, and only recieved about 45 dollars worth an hour plus later. Sides missing, platter sides ice cold and not correct. Sandwiches were great, and customer service was good, but not enough to salvage the waste or time and money.I absolutely love famous Dave's. I think that for a chain the barbecue is as good as it gets. Obviously not as good as a real deal place, but always pretty consistent and a good value. We got the sampler and it was fantastic as usual. The chicken was the star, pulled pork second and ribs were a bit dry. The dry ribs were still delicious but cost a star. To be fair we were there at an odd time on a Saturday,3:00 pm. The corn bread muffins are incredible, fries great other sides great but the portions were small for 3 people. The banana pudding was excellent and highly recommended. 
Can't wait To go back soonYou gotta be kidding me with this place. Took 20 minutes to be seated in a empty restaurant. Then after  we finally got seated. Took another 20 years to get our drinks and order. By the time I got my food it was as cold as my starved dead corpseI really like this place. However, they seemed to have changed their menu since the first time I dined here. Nevertheless they still offer a nice selection of eats. The 2 or 3 times I've been here the place has been kinda empty so I was seated right away. The servers immediately bring you their BBQ chips, which are great when paired with their different sauce offerings. During my most recent visit I had the rib tips sandwich which was pretty good. The meat was tender and flavorful and the bread to meat ratio was good too. Their mac & cheese is fair and their cornbread is always delicious.  All in all, a great dining experience.I am not a huge BBQ fan, nor am I much of a carnivore, but I still managed to have a good meal at Famous Dave's. 
the service at this location was great.  Our waitress did the whole sauce explanation thing with those chips...I could have made a meal out of that alone! All of the sauces were great, my favorites being the Georgia mustard and pineapple whatever.
For dinner I got catfish with string beans and pineapple...weird combination, but it was great.  I will definitely be back for the fish it was great.
For dessert my friend and I shared bread pudding...it was amazing! Famous Dave's comes highly recommended from this kid.When I walked into Famous Dave's, my first order of business was grab a business card and put a review on Yelp when I'm home.
Just returned from lunch from Famous Dave's with friends.
We were seated promptly and the staff was courteous (greeted upon arrival and on the way out). Lauren, the server for our table was very attentive. Lauren even explained the different barbecue sauces that were on the table. There was a roll of paper towels on one side of the table.
As Kelly S already pointed out, the spare ribs options are 1/3 rack, 1/2 rack or a full rack. I contemplated having the ribs, but wasn't in a mood for messy food.
I had the Sweet and Sassy Grilled Salmon Platter, which came with a corn on the cob, corn bread muffin (which was really a corn muffin) and 2 sides (I had the cole slaw and mashed potatoes). The cole slaw was great. I gave the corn bread muffin and corn on the cob to one of my friends. The salmon took a bit of time to come out, but was very good and was worth the wait.
One of my friends had the Rib Tips (appetizer), which was quite a good portion for an appetizer. My other friend had "Sassy Brisket" (not quite sure what it is on the menu) on the receipt and the bread pudding. The bread pudding was described as "to die for".
All in all, it was a great experience between the food and the service.Dude, what a pleasant place. Went there with my boyfriend and the staff was beyond friendly. At first we tried longhorn, but the wait was 20+ mins so we left and im glad we did. The food was decent and our waitress was attentive. I appreciated the firework deserts and animals on the wall. Gave it a real pocono feel. Seriously, no complaints. A+ famous daves, A+The wings are great. Cornbread is on the fence.  It seems to taste better on the weekend. I am guessing the more experience chefs work on the weekend.  I tried a few things but I tend to like their wings and salmon more. They added turkey burgers to their menu and they are not half bad.This place is decent. They have a nice open space dining area with a fireplace. Everytime i've been here, they're super nice. Prices are totally reasonable and there is a lot of parking. Their pork sandwich is extremely tasteful!  Very happy with this locationWent with a group of people and couldn't wait to leave.  Both the food and service were terrible, at any price.  Don't waste your time or $$$.price point excessive-service fair at best-quality-run of the  mill.This place is excellent. Juicy beef and sweet corn bread. It doesnt get better than this...Plus this place is fairly new the decoration/ furniture is so cute. The servers are always friendly too. 
PS. If you like it really hot..ask for wilbur's revenge bbq sauce! :)The food is good. Quick BBQ at a reasonable price. Convenient.The food was ok not too impressive. They seem like they try to rush you out of the restaurant. We had our check in no time. We barely finished eating.Sitting there for an half and hour and NOT ONE person came to us. Didn't even bother to ask if everything was fine or even tell us our waiter is coming. They just looked at us like if was missing something (well of course). Everyone getting waited on and being served while I watch my poor child eat crayons cause he was that hungry! 
This place is lucky enough that I'm giving them a one star. If it wasn't had to rate to be able to post they be getting no stars!Really good food!
Great place to eat. We bought the big family meal tray with all sorts of meats, fries, etc. and it fed all 7 of us. Definitely good place to eat; especially for the price.I actually went to a Famous Dave's in Bismarck, ND many, many years ago and had one of the BEST meals of my life.
So much tasty, fresh food. Because I didn't have a microwave or refrigerator in my hotel room, I had to leave half the meal there (as there was so much)!
It was about 3 years before they put one in the Philly area. I went there and the meal was extraordinary. For a chain restaurant, this is very surprising!
If you like BBQ, just go to Dave's. It's a great meal for a great price. Really.For a chain restaurant, Famous Dave's has pretty good bbq.  I went with my mom the other day for lunch, and we both really enjoyed our meals.  She got the salmon and spare rib combo, and I just go the spare ribs (smallest order they have - you can get 1/3 rack, 1/2 rack, or a full rack).  The bbq sauce was really good, the meat was tender, and the sides were good (spicy green beans, apples & cinnamon).  I just wish that the corn bread was real cornbread and not corn muffins.  
They offer lots and lots of food, and you can get several different combos, from different meats to meals for 2.  They also had a good variety of bbq items.
I also really liked my lemonade, and the waitress was really nice and efficient.  I'd go again, although Famous Dave's doesn't hold a candle to Sweet Lucy's.they have amazing ribs with choices of different sauces that range from spicy to hot. I ordered the feast for two with the brisket which I have to say was very tender and rich in flavor.  the smoked beans compliment the barbeque flavors. Good and fast.service.Came here for dinner with my friend on a Saturday night. Was greeted with friendly staff. Even as we were seated, staff ensured our tables were wiped down thoroughly. 
We order the feast for one and that was really good for the both of us. Ribs, chicken, corn and other goods. Staff kept checkin up on us at a reasonable pace, which I liked because I don't like when we are bombarded frequently. Even though the place closed, they let us sit and continue our meal. Great place and I would recommend this Resturant to anyoneI love Famous DAVE's..
To be a chain restaurant they have the best BBQ... Whenever I go with more than one person we normally get the Eat for 2 combo... Its more than what you can eat in one sitting....
Their bbq is always tender and the variety of sauces are the best!!!
This location is very clean and service is awesome....Great lunch here today the food came out quick the waiter was friendly and I'm going home full as a tick yupppp!!! LolService is very nice, although being a chain the service features sales at every opportunity.  I guess that the consultants who tell places to do this forget that some folks get sick of it and will not come back.
As an aside one time at Burger King they tried to upsell me 7 times.  SEVEN.  Guess what, Burger King.  Have it your way, but not for me.
Back to Famous Daves.  The food here is not good.  Burgers are cheep and disgusting meat, the brisket was eh, the ribs were, I must admit not bad, the chicken was eh, the bbq chicken was eh, the sausages were dried up and sub eh, well you get the point.
Sweet Lucy's is just up the road a bit 
http://www.yelp.com/biz/sweet-lucys-smokehouse-philadelphia 
and in Bridgeport there is the Bridgeport Rib House
http://www.yelp.com/biz/bridgeport-rib-house-bridgeport
Not too far away is the Rib Rack
http://www.yelp.com/biz/rib-rack-philadelphia#query:ribs
You have options...or you can get below par food from a chain headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota.  
I will not go back, but less discriminating diners seem to love it.If I just came down a mountain slope skiing or I was hiking in Vermont this place would probably feel like it belogs but what we got here is a "Mountain Lodge" in the middle of Philadelphia... really?
Ok, so the strange decor (I don't care if this is a chain) aside I wonder how do places like that prepare their food? Mine arrived steaming hot in literally 3 minutes after placing the order with the waiter. Now, you may think I am nuts complaining about the speedy service but if something is too good to be true... Bear in mind I am coming to this restaurant unbiased and without any previous experience or knowledge of what it is supposed to be. So quite honestly: the fries were less than average quality, the mashed potatoes did have a garlic flavor but I am 99% sure they were made from one of those powdered fake things instead of a real potato. The BBQ pork was ok, I've had much better. The best parts of my meal were the muffin and the corn on the cob. Sorry to be a nag but to be completely honest I would not eat there again if there are other choices available. 
On the other hand IF I did my research and realized what Dave's restaurant is really Famous for I would probably enter it with different expectations. If you decide to eat at a Mac Donald's you are in a way signing a waiver and agreeing to eat utter crap and not sue them if you grow and additional ear afterwards... therefore second star is for all those who accept and agree to foods we shouldn't really be eating.Great food. Been a few times. Only complaint is food is just to salty. Not a place to go if you have hypertension or high blood pressure.I like FD's, for the amount of food and the sides. They are a chain restaurant, so their level of speciality and authenticity vary from location to location. I loved all their sauces. The Sweet Potato chips are a must, the Jalapeno fried Mac-n-Cheese balls are great. They have every animal to BBQ for your desire. But, you can have just as great an experience eating here if you are a Vegetarian. FD's is more of a "Hunny, let's just get some BBQ that's close and still good" type of place. Great for large parties, they cater as well. If I'm in the NE or on the Blvd, I'd go again.I've been to this particular Famous Dave's location a few times now, always for lunch on the weekend, or dinner during the weekday (so I can't speak to typical weekend dinner rush service). We've always been attended to promptly, and gotten our food very fast. We've never had a bad server experience. 
One of things I like about Famous Dave's is the basket of chips and BBQ sauces they bring out. It's a great way to get to taste their assortment of sauces before you order. Considering I'm not terribly experienced with BBQ, this was much appreciated. 
The last time I went, I split the family platter with someone. There was just so much food, and we even got the half portion! The ribs were really tasty, as were the corn muffins. I'm super picky about cole slaw, and I was surprised at how good theirs was. We opted to substitute the beans for mashed potatoes, which wasn't a problem. The mashed potatoes were oddly sweet in flavor, but not bad necessarily. 
Despite being part of a restaurant chain (which is basically a dirty word in Philly), I have no complaints about this place. Good. Service. Good portions. Tasty food. It's not the best BBQ I've ever had, but it's good enough to hit the spot when a craving comes along.I don't always dine out for bbq since I rather fire up my own grill and get it popping lol but when I do. . it's definitely going to be at "Famous Daves" who has an amazing selection of sauces which I tried all of them. The staff was great and explained the spicy one's from the non-spicy. The scenery was also eye catching and very chill. I had a great dining experience and will definitely go back when I don't feel like burning myself. #nowthat'sbbqI like their food, so we went over couple times. But the last time visit over there. The floor was pretty greasy & squeaky! I was afriad I or my guests  were going to trip. So I do not think we will go anytime soon.The SALTIEST excuse for piss-poor BBQ I have ever had the misfortune to put on my poor tastebuds. If I could give it 0 stars, I would. I got the beef brisket as my entree, & it tasted like they fed the steer this came off of a salt lick as it only source of nutrition it's whole life. Sent it back, & got the beef tips. Same damn thing!! At this point. hungry & pissed off, I left & went home & made myself a burger. If you want good BBQ, go to Sweet Lucys, not this abomination!!!I went to Famous Dave's as a last minute thing on a Sunday evening. We were immediately seated in a over sized booth. The staff was very nice and explained all of the different sauces. 
Our order was taken and the food was brought out amazingly fast. I had the pulled pork and ribs combo which also comes with two sides and corn bread. I didn't try any of the spicy sauces. The Georgia Mustard sauce was great with the fries and I used a bit extra of the Rich & Sassy sauce on my Pulled Pork sandwich. The food was great. It was pure comfort food and it sure was comforting. 
After many laughs (wondering if girls eating such messy food was sexy to men) and a satisfying meal we were ready for a nap. We couldn't fit any dessert. We were in and out in about half and hour. Afterwards we couldn't do anything else but go home and watch a movie. Famous Dave's definitely hits the spot.Times have changed or maybe cooks...
The quality of the food has declined. I had the grilled tasteless chicken sandwich and my companion had the burger. Bad choices or perhaps poorly executed because you know how difficult these recipes can be. The beer was cold and our server was lovely but I came here for food. My guess is that management  has become complacent.I was so disappointed! I took the GF here to celebrate her end of pescatarianism with a place that I thought I could trust. See Famous Dave's is a chain, and I had been to Famous Dave's in California and each time I went, everything was AWESOME. Here, not so much. 
The food was just ok. Not amazing, not delicious. I ordered a ribs and brisket combination and nothing tasted fresh. Everything seemed like it was reheated. So yeah not so great. At the same time, not too bad either. You could tell that when they were originally prepared that were probably delicious, and the day(s) old version that I got was still edible. 
The drinks were awesome - I had some kind of down home punch thingy and so did the GF - we both loved the drinks. The service was also really good. We had a very friendly waiter also. 
The decor was done up nice as in the usual Dave's fashion. No complaints there. It's in the middle of the walmart parking lot, so be careful of the many pot holes, but if you are in this neighborhood regularly, I'm sure you are already used to all the potholes. Lots of parking available.
Based on my previous Dave's experience, I would give this place another shot in hopes that they were just having an off night. However, if it weren't for that, I'd doubt I'd be back, except for the drinks.The problem with barbecue restaurants around here is that they're all pretty good on some days, but you can never tell just WHICH days.
We'd go to Sweet Lucy's a few times and it would be OK and then we'd have a few unsatisfying meals so next time we'd go to Famous Dave's and have great ribs, brisket and pulled pork, and then the next time the brisket would be dry and the pork mushy. It wouldn't bother me if there were only one really good thing on the menu, as long as it was good every time.
Reminds us that good barbecue isn't easy.
Anyway, despite the frequently dry brisket and the sometimes mushy pulled pork, I'm a fan of Dave's ribs. The beans are good, too.Ate there today.  Had the 'feast for two' which came with a enormous amount of food.  Ribs, corn on the Cobb, corn muffins, your choice of pulled pork or beef brisket, half a roasted chicken, cold slaw, baked beans and fries!! The chicken was moist and quite good.  So were the ribs and pulled pork.  I love the fact they have multiple sauces at your table and they don't drown the barbecue with sauce by default like some places. 
      Bottom line, everything was tasty.  The waitress went above and beyond when my mother accidently knocked her to go platter on the floor.  Our waitress actually went in the kitchen and had them make us a FULL TO GO platter with everything that was originally in the meal! Without us even asking!  That's service in my book!  Needless to say, we tipped her $25 on a $80 check because she deserved every penny. 
 Will definitely return in the future. .....My wife and I walked in to get a bite. We were greeted after about 4 minutes. Too long. Not busy at all. We were told to hold one sec and we would be seated. This was a man I will assume was the manager. We waited for over 10 minutes for the guy to come back to seat us. He was doing something in the take out part. We just left. My wife hates this place with a passion now. Food is not anything to write home about. It is average at best. Next time have a waitress or someone seat the guests. 
HATED IT!!!!!!!!!!I was a first timer this week! The host set us up by the fireplace with those delicious chips and their famous dipping sauces, we grabbed an extra bowl while waiting for the food. I ordered the pick 2, brisket and beef tips. When this platter came out my mouth and eyes watered. For the sides i grabbed the slaw and bean. I pretty much was sold on everything on the plate.The potions were a decent size.  Beef tips were a little fatty but not horrible. The atmosphere was kinda bugaboo creekish, felt like i was up the mountains; though, the staff was nice informative and the service and food was great. I took my doggie bag home!Yesterday we want with a party of four to Famous Dave's . The service was good but food was not up to my standards . Maybe they have new cooks. The ribs were not up to Famous Dave's standard . The ribs didn't seem cooked the way I remember they were rubbery. My son loves ribs he did not like them but failed to tell me. I would have sent them back. He got a rack of ribs. And burn chucks were really small. Not like in the menu picture. I remember they were a lot bigger. I and my wife got the party platter of two and my friend to. Nobody like the ribs but once again nobody said anything to each other , to after we left . Since I had only three ribs I did not say any-think. My son only eat half of his ribs witch is not like him. And he got sick later that night. This is first time I and my family did not like the food. Some things were good. They better improve on the ribs our they will lose customers. Need to train cooks to cook ribs more thank you.Came in on a Friday evening around 8pm, there was a 30minute wait, however when we were seated the restaurant appeared empty. During out wait, we sat at the bar to order a drink but in the ten minutes we were sitting the bartender never appeared. The waitress was awful, the only times we saw her were when she was sweeping the floor and doing her side work as she obviously wanted to leave at 11pm. It took ages for her to bring our check and even longer to accept payment. Would not recommend.All in all it was edible food but i think it is far from BBQ. There was a lack of real smoke flavor in the food. My briskey sandwich with sausage on top was dry and not seasoned. I had to use about a cup of extra sauce to make it enjoyable. 
The potato chips were pretty good and with a little bit of bbq sauce to dip them in might have been the best part of the meal.
I have been waiting a long time to go to this place because i heard a lot of good things but unfortunately for them i will not be going back ever again.Mr. Famous Dave is a stones throw from my employer, and I was craving ribs one Friday night... And you know when you're craving ribs (or really anything at all..) you need it Yesterday. So, after work the hubs and I decided on going there. All the food was delicious!!! We had St Louis ribs, beef brisket, cornbread, and 4 sides. I have had mediocre food at F.D locations. Namely in Jersey. But this location is really amazing for delicious BBQ!!! the ribs were so meaty and tender. the collard greens and Wilbur beans were super flavorful and and everything was well seasoned. They even gave chips as we were waiting for our food. the only downside was the calorie counts on the menu which reminds you what a fatty you are. I would order the chicken if there weren't RIBS on the menu. I would order anything here!Been here a few times.
The quality of their food has gone down every time I've visited here with friends. This restaurant is great for groups though.
My first 2 times coming here back in '07 were amazing but couldn't be done again. The food last time was just mediocre.
I'll come back in the future to try new things. :)They changed their brisket....      All they had going for them if you ask me. 
I'll save my complaints.famous daves has great food hands down! they hav amazing sauces and i love their food...Ummmm No! Don't have much else to say about it , the brisket was fatty , the tenders were dry and the Mac & cheese was cold , clumpy no flavor. No butter on corn , salad taste like it was straight out of a bag ,was just plain disgusting won't ever return againGuys, you don't go to Famous Dave's for high class barbecue.    You don't go to Famous Dave's for delicately spiced sauces, or twelve hour smoked chipotle brisket.   And you don't go to Famous Dave's if you intend to ask the waitress (which I've seen someone do) what style of smoking chips were used.   That's just a liiitttle too "up there".   
You go to Dave's for simple, inexpensive, tasty, family friendly barbecue.   And Famous Dave's, in every location I've ever been to (and my daughter drags me to every one we pass) - Famous Dave's always delivers.    
The servers are, at this location, friendly and patient.   One helped my daughter choose her food (and she's a picky little girl), instead of just bouncing in and out asking "are you ready yet" a dozen times.    
Every time you go you get an explanation of the sauces.   Every time you go there you are greeted with a smile, and a genuinely pleasant young lady walks you through the menu.     The place is consistent in the quality of what they serve, and what they do - and that's something I appreciate. 
I've also never had a wait longer than it took a server to pick up the menus either - even on a crowded friday night.   I love that too - my kid doesn't last long when she has to sit and wait while other people are eating.Food was downright delicious! Meat was so tender and the flavor was great. Was here with a big group after a funeral and def would return if it were closer to where we livesWell, I lived in Texas for a time... so I am quite picky about bbq. 
That being said ... I enjoyed the brisket just fine the corn and corn bread was nice. Chicken was moist and fine. 
We ordered the trash can lid of a selection of bbq meats. Appetizing? 
They had 5 different kinds of bbq sauce. Fun to try. But what was 5 Stars was our server Mackenzie. She was attentive and kind and helpful . Always with a kind heart and a welcoming smile. 
The decor was pretty charming I must say. I enjoyed the American outdoorsy wall art. Even in the bathroom .I went here last night with my boyfriend and we both had an amazing experience. It was my first time here but not his. Our server Adam was amazing beyond words! The food was incredibly delicious. So much better than I was expecting. This place not only met my high hopes but exceeded them! I can't begin to describe how amazing our server was. Definitely one of those extremely rare 10/5 stars! I'll definitely be back! I hope they keep up the great work.This is where I go for a nice cold draft beer and real bar b que. It's not fancy and its not pretending to be anything more than it is.I find the staff friendly and helpful. They annoyed me a bit by posting the calories on the menu but lets face it, if you're there your not on a diet. The smell of this place reminds me of my grandmothers mountain home and her wood burning stove so perhaps I have a sentimental attachment to Daves because of that. All of that said, this is a great lace to relax and enjoy yourself. I have eaten everything they offer (in several visits) and never have been let down.I don't think I order my chicken medium rare .. this is what my daughter was eating before we noticed this .. smhI'd like to start off saying that it was not always a 2 out of 5. I love BBQ so when famous daves opened up a few years ago I jumped on having award winning bbq in my backyard. Id say the first time I went there with my family I was blown away. We ordered the big 5-6 people varity platter along with some sort of great tea/vodka drink that put a buzz on after a few sips. The log cabin setting is nice, the booths are a little hard but soild and instead of wimpy napkins which we all know is useless when it comes to bbq, you are treated with heavy duty paper towels. Myself and my family have continued to return to famous daves over the next few years, greeted by the same good service, scenery and paper towels....but the food had suffered. The once unbeatable pulled pork has not only shrunk to half of its original portion but did not taste as good ether. The brisket which used to light up my face ended up suffering the same fate as the pork. I think this place will continue to limp along because of the name power and the few things that dont change (ex. great sauces on table, lack of other bbq in area, and people who once remembered how good it was keep going back to give it a shot). Feel free to try it out for yourself but it will be a few years before I end up back in there.FD is a go to for me when I am in the mood for some BBQ rib tips. They have pretty good sides and tasty BBQ. I haven't ever been and had anything that I didn't like. Their cornbread muffins will melt in your mouth. They have pretty speedy service and great lunch specials. I just wish it was a little closer to my job.Just so very bad cold food never got straws received  app but no forks to eat with and burnt ends more like burnt fat!!!!! Very grossThis place needed to close I have been to other famous Davis and they have always been better than this one. Not sure if management was the issue or what but this will not be missedI went with my family to famous dave whitman square and was very dissappionted.  I live around the corner and have been here many time before.  We haven't been there for about 6month.  I ordered my usual Texas Manhandler, very small portion of meat this time and maybe three small pieces of sausage.  It was serve at room temp. I like my food warm or hot.  I asked for cole slaw, it tasted like chopped up cabbage, no dresssing.  When I received my sandwich no cole slaw just the sandwich on a plate, no chips and for $9.99 I think they can do better then that.  We also ordered the Garbage can lib, they didn't put the corn on the cob on it.  Won't be going back soon unless they improve the quality and quantity of food.  I would be soo full after eating this sandwhich it was spilling over with briskett, not anymore. Someone's cutting corners.  Hope this helps.  Thanks LisaOur server Aaron was very friendly and attentive. We like the seasoned chips they give to each table. We both had combos. The ribs and brisket were very good and very tender. I ordered double brisket. Just wish they would give a larger portion of meat.Came here previously and food was great. Tonight was a different story.  Brisket was full of fat and inedible.  Hubby's fries tasted bad, like frozen took long or something.  Service was good.  Will be awhile before we go back.The restaurant was pretty slow, I guess everyone was watching the super bowl, the food was okay, it could've been hotter, I like to have to blow my food. Service was great though, we were constantly checked on, I appreciate good service!Love Famous Dave's BBQ and we always search for it when traveling.  The food was great as our waitress as great. 
Cleanliness - the women's bathroom was dirty but was cleaned up. The floor under our table was so sticky that my flip flop stuck strongly :(They messed up my order really bad and when I was receiving my Mountain Dew she dropped it and all of my stuff was sticking and wet and my phone was wet if I didn't have a really good waterproof face on my iPhone X should be runedI'm so sorry the restaurant has closed.  Their food was delicious, their banana pudding outstanding.  I always had great service and loved the atmosphere there.  I will miss them.