Came Saturday w/ friends at 11:30am. Half off happy hour top shelf liqueur. Had the best Bloody Mary EVER.
The crab cake omelet was outstanding I went without the hollandaise sauce not necessary if you want to taste the sweetness of the crab, fluffy eggs and fresh vegetables. I was surprised at the size of the potions and the amount of crab and vegetables in my omelet excellent value for the money.  
Salads looked wonderful and the French toast smelled amazing. Wonderful tea selections and good coffee.  Come hungryTip: Happy hour is until 7 on weekdays. 1/2 price beer, wine, and cocktails.
Now on the my review. I've been to Farmicia many times in the past. I really enjoy taking friends here because they have vegan and meat items on the menu. Something for both os us! Farmicia is BYOB, which is a huge plus. The restaurant is clean and I enjoy the atmosphere. 
Being vegan, I like having some menu items dedicated to me. I'd like a few more options, but I think what they have is solid. There is usually a vegan soup to choose from and some menu items can be made vegan upon request. I've always had good service at Farmicia. The staff is friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend Farmicia.Went for Restaurant Week and we were pleasantly surprised! We like to try places we've never been for RW which makes me nervous, but it was very tasty. Hubby had the meatballs, pork, and sorbet, and he really enjoyed it all. I had the crab meat salad with the avocado and pears and it was delicious! So much crab meat and the pears gave it a nice fresh, sweet bite. My entree was the chicken, which I don't usually order in restaurants because it's not very exciting. But I asked the waiter and he recommended it over the fish I was considering. It was moist and had a lot of flavor. Creme brûlée for dessert was good as well, but that's hard to mess up. We look forward to trying Farmicia for brunch next time!Awesome brunch spot! Food was amazing and very filling. Philly's gem of a spotMy new favorite. My husband who is not a fan of out of the ordinary vegetable has been more open minded since we had dinner together at Farmacia. The crab salad with asia pears and a mint dressing is something I could eat everyday in the summer. I love to cook and this restaurant has been such a inspiration to me.We came here for Sunday brunch around 1 and we didn't have to wait at all, we were seated right away. The service was great and food was above average. I just didn't think it's outstanding compare to other chicken and waffles I had prior to this. My one friend got salmon Benedict which I tried and it is pretty good. However, I really didn't like the quantity of the food, it's considered small and none of them come with any sides.Farmicia worked out well for Sunday brunch with a group of seven, who all enjoyed their meals. I was very happy with the shrimp-and-grits entree. The shrimp was plump, firm, and full-flavored. The grits were decadently creamy but not excessively so, and the bits of crispy bacon made the meal seem very luxurious.
I've been to Farmicia a few times over the years, and found it to be somewhat hit or miss. In this case, however, I enjoyed a very fine meal.
Even with the restaurant being packed, the food came out reasonably fast and our server was present and attentive. The acoustics in the restaurant are very good--we were able to hear one another speak, even from across the table, without shouting. I appreciate this in a place, especially when you are with a large group.All I can say is yum! Delicious and inspiriting food for vegetarians and meat lovers alike. Beautifully plated, thoughtful dishes that look as wonderful as they taste. Warm atmosphere and attentive service. Definitely a not to miss spot!Went for dinner.  Environment was nice with a bit of welcome space between us and other guests.  The hostess and servers were pleasant, our waiter not so much.  The flavors in all entrees were very good, but suffered from being precooked and served warm instead of hot.  Skip dessert, there are better options in Center City.Farmicia has hands-down the best brunch I've ever had. I've been twice so far and can't wait to go back again. They have a "happy hour" during brunch where you can get any specialty drink for $5. My favorite is the Farmhouse Sangria. For food, the lump crab omelette is amazing. You can really taste the "farm fresh" quality in everything.Everything I ordered was delicious including the drinks. I had the two bourbon drinks on the menu and both were delicious. The French toast is a highly recommend and the lobster omelette is a must..The brunch is very tasty and the menu is quite good for brunch. I liked the morning happy hour and the ability to order single slices of french toast--It really allowed you to diversify your meal and try multiple things. The drink menu was affordable and the food was very good. The service was wonderful, and the waitress was very attentive and explained the menu well. They also do the OpenTable check which allows you to pay for your meal through the app and the check shows up on your phone--very cool! You don't have to pay for it that way but it is an additional option. The atmosphere was warm and very nice. The space wasn't cramped and there was plenty of room between tables so you didn't feel like you are sitting on top of one another. The decor was very cool throughout the restaurant and the bar area was very cool.Wonderfully pleasant meal at Farmicia last night.  Four of us.  Ordered cocktails for happy hour prices (great!).  Breads and herbed butter were yum.  Duck, chicken, grains/vegetables and a salad with crab were the choices for dinner.  Everybody was *really* pleased with their entrees.  One of us ordered the creme brulee for dessert -- incredibly creamy.  
I very much appreciate that they allow BYOB on wine even though they serve alcohol. That's a welcoming policy.  The service was good.  The kitchen a wee bit slow.  Atmosphere lovely and they even kept the music off for parts of the evening (which I would encourage them to do.  Our international guest *really* appreciated that.  There's enough noise without music.)  I hadn't been to Farmacia in years and was delighted  to rediscover it and be so pleased with the choice for our out of town guests.One of my favorites for any meal, but esp. brunch!! Always crowded though, so if you have a crowd call ahead or be prepared to wait, otherwise smaller parties, sit at the bar!! Good drinks, great food!!Great food (grilled ham and cheese, turkey club, pancakes and cheese burger). Service was quick and price for portion was good. Great find.There's about a million reviews for this place so I'm just gonna keep it short and sweet.  Great place to dine.  If you like food that is tastes fresh, healthy (an assumption) and different from the norm, this is the spot for you.  Very hip and unique decor.  Staff is extremely knowledgeable and pretty friendly.  (Chef came out and talked to us for a second as well.)  You'll probably find some new that you've never thought of before.  Can't wait to go back and try more!I visited for breakfast at 10:30 on a Sunday morning, during my sightseeing in Olde City, and the restaurant appealed to me because of its use of local, organic ingredients. As a tourist to Philly, better to try to eat healthy before I attempt to eat my way through a cheesesteak or two.
Since I was traveling solo, I came to eat by myself... and never has eating solo felt like such an awkward experience as it did at Farmicia. The restaurant was crowded and happening at this day and hour, and I was seated at a table near the window nearby a couple on a brunch date sorting through their own issues and a lively crowd of brunching friends. This must be a good place for breakfast/brunch!
I ordered the lox & eggs, which was nova salmon served over scrambled eggs, with two slices of tomato and two slices of toast, as well as a small glass of orange juice. The lox & eggs tasted exactly like what it sounds like... and when the dish arrived within a few minutes of my ordering it, I decided that I should have ordered a more complicated dish to prepare, if only to ensure that the cooks are earning their keep. There was nothing original or special about it, and I don't particularly recommend that anybody ever go out of their way to order it here - at $12.50, you can go out to the store and buy all the ingredients for this dish and make it yourself 5 times over. However, if you do order it here... it tastes fine. The fresh-squeezed orange juice, however, tasted spectacular.
I realize that I sound slightly ridiculous, and that I can't expect lox & eggs to taste like anything other than exactly what it was, but I was still underwhelmed by my food. Especially so, considering that my total bill came out to $20, which I think borders on slightly outrageous. I guess local and organic demands a premium... (is smoked salmon really local here, really?). However, the service was great - fast and attentive. I actually left this place within what must be a record speed of 30 minutes. 
And what's the deal with the apple centerpieces? OK, it's cute, but I kinda felt like eating it.a light, airy atmosphere, and extremely competent service.  although busy, they made a table for us on the spot.  their menu is on the smaller side, but decent.  they have a vegetarian dish that changes with the seasons that i enjoy -- basically a plate of vegetables that are in season at the time, which i recommend.  i have mixed feelings about the place - it was a fabulous experience for me, but my friend tried the trout salad, and ended up w/food poisoning (thus the three stars).  she still swears that she'd go back and stay away from the trout.I made a reservation a week in advance. I arrived and they didn't have my reservation on file. They were still able to accommodate my party. They did stick us on a small wall table. My husband is a stocky 230lb dude that needs more space. Could have used a little bigger table. But, we're not complainers. The atmosphere is a little pretentious. Hipster vibe for sure. We love that it is a farm to table type of place and they have local ingredients from PA. The service was ok. The waiter wasn't anything spectacular and felt very jumpy and rushed. We definitely would have stayed longer for the half priced beverages on Sunday brunch if we didn't feel so rushed. The food was good. If you have had southern chicken and waffles you'll be disappointed with their version. Overall, the pricing doesn't match the atmosphere. But, I'd go again just for the half priced beverages during brunch.We went for a work lunch at 12:45pm and made reservations in advance which was a good decision since it was pretty crowded at that point. In the 2 minutes we were waiting up front, we had to step out of the way of 3 different servers, there's not a lot of easily maneuverable floor space.
They came by with a bread tray of sliced french baguettes but only left one tray of herb-butter spread for a table of four and it ran out fast. The previous two times I've been here, they had multiple bread options, including multi-grain and rye. I'm not sure if this is a permanent change or if they just were running short.
I ordered the Roasted Eggplant Cannelloni while my coworkers had varying sandwich/burger options. There were plenty of fries to go around but it was a mix of steak fries and pomme frites on the same plates. My coworker fished out the largest slab of pickle I've ever seen included in a burger and was sad that it was a bread-and-butter pickle instead of dill.  
The Roasted Eggplant Cannelloni had a good mix of tomato-cheese flavors but the texture was ruined by undercooked white kidney beans. They weren't as mealy or as hot as they should've been. It was a visually impressive plate for the price but I would've better enjoyed a decent-tasting burger at $13 than a underwhelming entree at $11.
Our server was perfunctory and gave me a very annoyed stare when I stopped him as he passed our table to ask for our checks. Unfortunately, that's the reality of serving a work lunch crowd. The other reality is that there are many places around our office where we can get a quicker, tastier meal for the same price.Excellent!  I didn't study the reviews, but I was surprised this place didn't get 4+ stars.  Everything looked great on the menu.  We were there during Brunch after 10am, before that, they have a separate, but similar, Breakfast menu.  I got the Cheddar Grits with Sausage & scrambled eggs.  The grits are very thick, barely leaves a mark on the plate after you pick some up with a fork.  These are REAL cheddar grits, you really taste the cheddar flavor unlike any other "cheddar" grits I've had.  The scrambled eggs are the juicy milky kind.  My wife got bacon, which was cooked very well done ... the way bacon should be.  To top it off, this is farm to table or something.
I ordered an Iced Coffee off menu.  The waiter commented he is a coffee snob, so he took the time to chill their regular coffee the right way so not to water it down instead of just pouring hot coffee over ice and calling it a day.
The waiter was extremely friendly.  The one negative thing was that over half the tables were empty, yet they initially tried to seat us in the most horrible corner on a table not big enough for 1 person and on the laps of a large group (the lady next to the table literally had to push her coat FURTHER underneath her to make room).  Why do restaurants always do this???  After we voiced our objection, they gave us one of the many perfectly wide-open tables.  I would deduct a star for this because I HATE this and it always seems to happen to us - but the food was sooo top notch.My husband and I stumbled along this gem a couple years back while in Philadelphia.  We love the food, the atmosphere, and the service is always fantastic!!!!!!! I have had many things on the menu but my favorite is the Crab and Apple Salad with Lemon-Mint dressing. It is out of this world. So much so I duplicated it (as best as I could) the minute we got home! The breakfast and brunch is also wonderful. I can not stop gushing about this place. You make our stop in Philadelphia great!Great atmosphere! We went for dinner and will probably try them for brunch. Dinner was ok. The pork chop was cooked perfectly, but sauce was tart. Rosemary potatoes were tasty, but overcooked, slightly hard and too oily.  Tomato basil soup was fine. The crabmeat salad was a generous size, and the very light dressing was just right. The chicken was just okay, it had no distinguishing flavor at all. The duck was enjoyed, though a much smaller portion than pork chop or chicken. We enjoyed the Sangria very much.The fish was outstanding, I loved the Eggplant canneloni and the kids loved the grilled cheese. Parking is a bit challenging. Well worth it - highly recommended!!Well presented food, but underwhelming. The crab cakes seemed to be a sort of crab souffle-like  concoction - very light with a mayonnaise(y)  sauce w/ fresh spices(I think this same sauce was served again with my fish entry - presentation was lovely, but the"crabcake" had no crab flavor and a search for crab inside the cake found little - Disappointing. For an entry, I had a sauteed fish. It was okay, again, the presentation was nice, but the fish itself was meh. It seemed like the fish had been prepared well in advance and reheated. The overwhelming taste was of butter - not particularly interesting and the mayonnaise(y) sauce with fresh spices appeared again. For dessert, I had the chocolate tart with chocolate sauce and chocolate ice cream. It was very chocolatey and fine, but probably a bit too rich. The chocolate was in desperate need of a few raspberries or something fresh to cut the richness and the monotony of the flavors. As for the decor - a little tired. I liked some of the large paintings, but there were too many chotchkes. Also, the bathroom looked like it needed a friend - the garbage can was overflowing and the sink was begging for new grout. Overall - Meh.Catch name, cute place.  Great atmosphere and vibrant even at lunch - we at lunch there while visiting the city.  Server was very accomodating - let me add chicken to a sandwich that didn't usually have it.  Daughter loved her grilled chicken and her big giant chocolate chip cookie (they are in jars at the bar and you can't miss them!).  Great beer selection and everything on the menu sounded and looked delicious.  We'll return next time we visit Philadelphia!this south jersey girl loves farmicia. recently went for brunch while i had family in the area from out of town. it was superb. the ingredients are local and fresh without a doubt. the menu is creative and fun! 
i'm confident you will never have a bad meal here. 
staff is super nice and obviously love what they do and are proud of what they serve. go...now!Delicious food. We had a great experience. Our server was outstanding. They were gracious and accommodating when it came to my son's food allergies. The only negative was the vegan cake I ordered for dessert. It was very dry.Had brunch here on a Saturday morning prior to seeing a show at the Walnut Street Theater. I called about a week ahead to make reservations for a party of 8 but was told that they only accept reservations for up to 6. Seemed odd to me, but OK. When we arrived, I said we need a table for eight and the hostess asked if we had a reservation. I was like WTH?!? She said all they could do would put as at two different tables and we would have two servers. I wasn't happy and although our tables did wind up side by side, not sure why they gave us two different servers. That caused issues for us as the server we had at our table was great, but the waitress for our other table was pretty much non-existent. We had our food ordered and had to flag down their waitress so that she could take their order and hopefully have our food come out at roughly the same time. Then she never returned to ask about refills or anything. While the food was good, the poor service is why I can only give this three stars.
We started with the Large Skillet Nachos which were very good and lots of yummy items covered the chips. Other items we all had included the French Toast, Brunch Sandwich, Buttermilk Pancakes, Jumbo Shrimp and Grits, Waffle, and sides of the Applewood Bacon. My wife said her Shrimp and Grits ranked right up there with some of the best she's had and there were lots of shrimp in the dish. She did have to pull the tails off though. French toast was pretty good, and bacon was delicious. The rest of it was pretty standard fare, but overall, everyone did enjoy their entree.
We may try this place again for dinner the next time we are down to catch a show, and hopefully the service would be much better.I really wanted to like Farmicia. Who wouldn't? It's a cute spot, features farm-to-table dishes.  However, this meal was far too easy to forget and the dining experience felt rushed and unorganized. This explains why it was so easy to get seated at 7pm on a Saturday night. And it wasn't particularly fresh, which I thought was the whole point behind their concept. 
I'll end with one positive-- I like that they've partnered with Metropolitan Bakery and have reused their old space in a creative way.Although the vegan options are limited, what they have is good and the atmosphere and service are both great. My partner and I often come here for a quiet dinner. I really love the tofu capellini and the tamales are yummy, too! I definitely recommend this place. It's also a good choice when dining out with nonvegans.I ate at Farmicia for the first time this morning with my boss and colleague. I ordered the brunch sandwich and it was delicious. The others enjoyed their meals as well. However, I was really disappointed with the service. We arrived 20 minutes before the restaurant opened for brunch and waited patiently; however, the workers seemed very annoyed that we were there before opening hours. The hostesses did not greet us with a smile and, instead, acted very aloof and bothered when I asked if we could have a table near the window. I watched them greet other guests the same way throughout our time there and was very turned off by their dispositions. Furthermore, the woman who poured our waters and set our table did not address us or make eye contact with us, and seemed very annoyed. Our waiter was adequate and a bit friendly but even his disposition didn't make up for the others' attitudes. It's very disappointing because the food and restaurant atmosphere are great! I am sad to say that the service spoils the good qualities.Would NOT recommend this restaurant especially for a large group event e.g. birthdays.
The food was mediocre. I am giving two stars for ambience and wait service only. We did not like the hostess or the manager. My husband and I will definitely not be returning and will share our negative experience with our friends and family.
Since we had a large group of 20 we had to sign a contract and make a deposit prior to the event. The reservation on the contract clearly read 6:30pm. However, upon arrival the hostess was adamant that the reservation in the system was for 7:00pm even though the table was ready. In addition, previous to our reservation date, it was discussed with management that the restaurant could provide us with a small table to display our cake and birthday celebration decor. Of course, again the hostess was adamant that a table could not be provided and explained that it could not fit and that it would be too busy of a night to use any of the tables. Again, this was already discussed prior to our arrival via email. After her spiel, I requested to speak to the manager.  Tim did not appear very happy, but got our table right away and placed it in the corner and left. Fast-forward to dessert. We are about to light the candles for the big birthday celebration. Before we could light our chandelle candles, Tim stops us in our tracks and says that they can not allow those to be lit in the restaurant. Are you serious? They're not even normal sparklers. Which Buddakan actually lights on a daily basis. Although I'm not sure why I'd compare this restaurant to Buddakan as they're definitely not even in the same ballpark- far superior. We were forced to use regular candles, but we lit one of the chandelle candles anyway. It was a 30th birthday. Aside from the poor experience with the hostess and manager, the wait staff was very polite and courteous.Our server, Andrew, and the chef made extra effort to meet our special dietary requirements. Food was yummy, too. Would definitely recommend.You know how people come to Philly from out of town and they want something kind of funky and different but with good food?   
    I take them to Pod if they like sushi, Buddakan if they are paying and Farmica if they aren't adventurous eaters but want something a little off the beaten path. 
    Good food. Lots of options for veggies  (particularly at the bar menu). Fabulous drink menu. But EXPENSIVE. 
   I've been here three times and it's always good. I'm a meaty kind of girl, but was feeling all healthy like, so I got the vegetable plate the last time. It was awesome.  Some sort of lentil something. Some sort of bean something.  Roasted veggies. All good.  OK, mashed potatoes would have been excellent. 
   I'm not getting the bread raves. The past two times I've been there, they've had sourdough bread.  If this is what is going to make you cry tears of delight, OK.  But uh, it's bread. And it was cold. 
    Little twinkly lights make it a touch romantical and the drink specials are really particularly yummy. Mango puree with vanilla vodka and grenadine? Yes please. 
    Dinner for three - without drinks - was $127.  We split two appetizers (squash ravioli yummy) I had steak and my friends had duck and another had the salad.  So $$$ for Philly.I have been here a bunch of times and each time I like it less than the last time. It is awesome that you can bring one bottle of wine per table, but they also have a full bar so you can order drinks. (hybrid byo)  I also like the organic focus and they have vegetarian options for our vegetarian friends.  It is a good place for a big group.  I brought my parents there once and they didn't really enjoy it.  Went for brunch once and thought it was okay.  With so many great dining options, this is not a top choice.Was buzzing during brunch hours. Nice ambiance and cute restaurant. My boyfriend loved his omelette. Lots of vegetarian options but I didn't LOVE my tofu burrito.I really like this restaurant. I did a solo work day lunch not to long ago and could not wait to get back with my lovely wife for her enjoyment. 
Both visits were off-peak and for lunch. 
Simple food with some minor innovative twists. Fresh ingredients of food I love make for a delightful dining experience. 
Mar had the winter squash with peanut soup and I had the corn chowder. Both were flavorful and fun. For lunch entrees we ordered the grilled tuna and the grilled goat cheese/pesto sandwich. Both were expertly prepared and flavorful. We tend to be picky about our tuna and this was a nice piece seared ever so lightly. 
Service was friendly with a few minor and easily corrected oversights. We were double charged on a coffee (which was excellent! The coffee not the double charge) and never re offered bread or butter when we had used up our portions. The restaurant was certainly in casual slo-mo during our visit which made for a unhurried enjoyable lunch.Love the brunch here! Great atmosphere and friendly service. A+ food as well. Came on a Sunday and was seated right away (we did make a reservation on open table). Our server was happy and nice, something that's very important to me when going out to eat. Overall a wonderful experience I will definitely be going here again.We had delish buttermilk pancakes & Canadian bacon, scrambled egg, English muffin. Fresh orange juice, was great not too sweet.Great experience. There were 7 of us but they were happy to accommodate. They were able to accommodate multiple needs from vegan, to meat-lover to a ten year old who wanted a grilled
Cheese. All of the food was good. Excellent service. Clean restrooms. Reasonable cost.Came to old city  looking for a fun brunch and saw the reviews here and felt it was a safe bet. At first glance I realized that it was more then safe and that there were almost too many good options. Once I saw their chicken and waffles I had to get them and they were one of the better I've had. With rich syrup and creamy gravy each bite was better then the previous. Will need to come back and have more options especially for their brunch happy hourStopped into Farmacia yesterday to grab a bite after looking at the menu posted outside. We were pleasantly surprised to see they were still serving lunch at 4 pm. We wanted to eat dinner, but dinner didn't start until 5 pm. We ordered smoked wings and 4 pc fried shrimp. Waiter advised the restaurant was all out of wings. We thought that was off since it was only 4 pm and this place had to stay open until 10 pm at least. We weren't with the 4 of shrimp app & cheese plate. Both were great. I had a peach tea (can't recall the exact name). My tea tasted more like a lime infused drink than peach. 
I would return to try this place for dinner as the food was fresh and our seat seating was ok.Within walking distance of our hotel was FarmiCia restaurant...American, local and organic...we made reservations so were seated pretty quickly. Not too much time passed we were presented with a tray of pumpernickel, whole grain and sour dough bread along with herb butter...the pumpernickel bread was delicious. Because it was restaurant week, we had to order from a set menu. What a shame because I really was looking forward to trying the Butternut Squash Ravioli...that being said, we (4) placed our orders. French Lentil Salad w/baked goat cheese; Farmicia Salad lettuces & garden vegetables, croutons, herb vinaigrette on the side and a Crab Cake. The French Lentil Salad was amazing ~ but the others...I've forgotten already (sigh).
Again, having to order off the set menu...we ordered our entrees...Lancaster Chicken Breast with vegetables au gratin. The chicken was pretty good, but the vegetable au gratin ~ not so much. I wish I had swapped it out for the mashed potatoes that came on the other 3 plates which were the Ribeye Steak dinners. Our DIL's steak was so full of fat ~ she returned it. She ordered it medium rare but IMO it looked really rare! My husband ordered his steak well done and requested "no pink"...sadly, it came pink and had to be done again. Our son enjoyed his medium well steak (which honestly looked medium rare) and I truly believe he just didn't want to say anything negative! However...they all loved the mashed potatoes!
For dessert we all ordered the Peach Crisp with Vanilla Ice Cream. The crisp had no other flavor other than unsalted oatmeal ~ and certainly wasn't "crisp". 
Although the atmosphere and service were great, the food was certainly not worth the high prices!! Underwhelming for sure.A few things here were excellent, while others were hugely lacking flavor. Came here for restaurant week with a few friends. They sat us right away. Definite PLUS!!! After getting sat, they filled our waters and came over with bread. Service here is top notch. So nice and they definately knew what they were doing. Now onto the food review.
Crab Cake - Mmmm, so much crab meat and so flavorful. Not much filler at all in this. It's not jumbo lumb crap meat cake though (incase anyone is wondering). The crab meat was more on the shredded side, but it was delish!!
Crabmeat and Asian pear salad - also absolutely delish!! This had lump crab meat in it and the pears were so sweet. It tasted so fresh.
Beet and Fennel Salad - this is the first time I'm having beets, so I really don't have much to judge on it. for the first time having it though, it wasn't bad. Would I order it alone..not sure, but I would eat it again if my friends ordered it.
Rib-Eye - I asked for the steak Med-Well, meaning it should have a tiny bit of pink in it. The thing came out charcoiled!!!! :-( so sad. It was like chewing on a piece of leather. I normally order my steaks med-rare, but bc I was pregnant, I'm not really allowed to eat red red meat. I did not enjoy this at all as it came out extra extra well done. The kale side that came with it was really good. My husband basically ate my entire side of kale.
Duck Breast - Mmmm, this was the best meal at our table. So nice and moist and delicious. The sauce on it was perfect. Definately give this dish a try!
St. Peter's fish - very moist and flaky. I thought it was pretty flavorful. My friend thought it was just ok.
Yellow fin Tuna - Friend asked for this Med and it too came out extra well done. It was so dry that she had to send it back to get it redone. I didn't get to try this dish, but the way they cooked it didn't really seem appetizing. Plus, by the time her dish was redone, I was already full. The redone Tuna did look a lot better then the first one.
Desserts - I thought all was delicious!!
Oh, btw, they do not have Salmon on their menu for RW. It's on the website, but when we got there, they said it was out of season.
I would definitely give this place a try again. Portions were good sizes and food for the most part was good except for a few dishes.I just loved this place! The ambiance is uplifting and casual. To start, we ordered the trio of cheeses, which was great (although the smokey goat cheese was way too smokey - it was like eating a creamy fireplace). For my main brunch plate, I ordered the fresh tofu and vegan chorizo plate (which came with a few slices of what seemed like fluffy pita), fresh salsa and guacamole. The plate had just the right amount of food. The ingredients were fresh as well. The service was top notch! I'll be back.mandy was exquisite ! her personality was better than the meal itself! the tuna was a bit over cooked for my tastes i ordered it medium rare and it came out med no pink but its ok the sauce was subtle  although  flavorful the grain on the saffron rice could have been a little longer for my tastes , but over all it was gpod the dessert was good the coffee superb. the mussels excellent,  but could have used a piece of bread to mop up the sauce a few easy fixes , but again the food was gpod the service even better! we walked away from  Commonwealth across the street no server ! waited sat no service literally left after studying the menu!NYer in Philly - wandered into farmicia, curious about promising fresh/farm to table hints in the name and curbside menu.  Lots of stuff i think I'll enjoy.
In I go!  Solo, so I head for the bar.  Interesting and varied wine list, but I play it safe with an argentine malbec.  A dozen things I'd like to try on the menu, so...appetizer-tapas time!  Gazpacho, Vietnamese crispy squid, and trio of cheeses.  Eclectic you say; yes but all would work well with my silky malbec.
Decor is a comfortable crafty mishmosh.  Service is impeccable, both from behind the bar and the waitstaff.  I should repeat the service was impeccable.
So imagine my surprise.  Gazpacho watery with chucks of sweet peppers as the only texture/mouthfeel.  Not untasty but reminiscent of the juice at the bottom of a can of pomodori pelati.
Great sour dough whole wheat bread.  Fresh, perfect crust even in the pre-hurricane 300% humidity.
"Vietnamese" crispy fried squid.  Well (light, dry, good tooth) fried frozen calamari.  Ok they were good calamari rings, but let's explore the Vietnamese part.   Whatever I was expecting, (sriracha? sambal?) these things were served with a barely disguised ketchup.
The cheese plate was fine, too much thinly sliced yesterday's baguette "crostini" and a huge mound of indeterminately sweet chutney, but the smoked "fresh" goat cheese was one of the best and most distinctive things I've tasted this week.
Did I mention the service was impeccable?  It really was.  Right there, helpful, and then out of the way.  No pretense.  A big credit to whomever is hiring there.
A little more effort on delivering the promise of the menu and this is a great place!I've tried Farmicia a few times and am very underwhelmed. The cliff notes? Over-salted, over-priced and just not that good. The cocktails are sub-par, the service is slow and the food just always seems messy- either the way it's presented of how the flavors come together. For brunch- National Mechanic's across the street is a much better option. For dinner: literally anywhere else in old city would do it better.The experience here was a bit disjointed.  We ordered the appetizers (Crab Cakes and Baked Brie) and cocktails at the same time.  The appetizers arrived before the drinks.  Then, we ordered wine and it showed up midway through the entrees (Tuna and Duck).  All of the food was good but lacked that little something extra to make it great.I cannot speak for the entire menu but the vegan risotto croquettes were unbelievable! It was a great combination of flavors that just blended so effortlessly in my mouth. I highly recommend that everyone (even the meat lovers) try this dish. The cheese plate and the lentil salad were also well received by the rest of my table. 
Other thoughts: 
I stumbled upon this restaurant on a Saturday night around 6pm and a table for four was available immediately. The ambiance is very classic and festive, filled with holiday decorations. There is bar seating and plenty of tables to accommodate various party sizes. I did notice the crowd was mostly older couples and families, but I'm not sure if that was simply because we had an early dinner on a Saturday. Service was friendly, maybe a bit on the slower end but we received 10% off the bill because we paid in cash! 
Food and decor = 5+, what more can I ask for from a dinner?Food is good and decent portions.  Great brunch spot. Nice ambience and clean environment. Service is good, but wait staff is not as personable as in other places.I had the pork medallions and my wife had the chicken. Both plates were tasty, but neither were outstanding. I love that the produce and meats are from local (when available) and small farms. I asked about the menu and the waitress gave the actual names of the farms! Excellent! Pretty good food, nice atmosphere, attentive staff. But for the price I expected slightly more in the taste area. But if I come back to town I'll definitely try again.He staff let us stay forever as I rekindled a relationship there over brunch with someone. Really attentive and great coffee like martinisI've never been to Farmicia for any meal but brunch.  One thing strange to watch out for when you go is that they have a different menu for breakfast and for brunch and I think if you get there before 10:30, you can only order from the smaller breakfast menu... 
In any case, their brunch is delicious.  I love their goat cheese omelet.  The goat cheese has a really subtle, creamy flavor.  Their food is really fresh.  Even the grits taste clean and healthy (I don't think I'd ever been able to imagine healthy grits until I had them here).  The coffee, too, is yummy.
Oh... one more thing to watch out for: try not to get seated near the air vents on the floor.  They blow really cold air and can be really uncomfortable.  If you can avoid them, you'll have a much better dining experience.I try at least one new place a week and have just a hadnful of places I go to regularly. Farmacia is one of those regular spots for me. With a huge menu of tasty, local fare with food pleasing to both vegetarians and metatarians, it's great for families, groups, friends, and anyone looking for well-priced, good portions. Brunch is an especially fantastic deal with half price happy hour on their cocktail creations (try the peach sangria) as well as a huge menu featuring sand-bys like a gourmet breakfast sandwich, pancakes, as well as more creative dishes like a breakfast quesadilla, and a steaksandwich to die for. Happy hour also features specials, and the cocktails are well accentuated by a trio of spreads on Metropolitan bakery bread. Service is generally friendly, it's both casual and slightly upscale, and when nice, there are a few outdoor tables (though they overlook the bumpiest street in the city, so I imagine it's loud and smoky when the 3rd street bus drives by....)I've been to this place twice -- once for my 18th birthday and it was the best meal I ever had, and last week, with a much more mature palate. This review will be about the second time. 
For starters, this place closes early. I get that it isn't a bar, but the fact that the kitchen closes at 10 is a little crazy given its location on a restaurant corridor. Other than that, the food is generally tasteful, if not small. I recently had the yellow fin tuna. The tuna was decently prepared, a little too dry for my tastes. Chickpeas were carefully seasoned and delicious. 
What prevents this from being a five star rating is how hit or miss the appetizers and desserts. A friend I dined with ordered the jumbo lump crab cakes and the sundae, which though hard to mess up, were fantastic. I ordered the potato and cheddar croquettes, which were mediocre at best, and the vegan lemon ginger cake, which was frankly disappointing. As a meat eater in vegan and vegetarian circles, I have a high bar for food free of animal products, especially when it doesn't necessarily require them either. The glaze was dull, and the cake itself was a little dry and unmemorable. All in all, I'm going to come back, but I know what to order on the menu this go around.My husband and I came here for brunch on recent and quick trip to Philly during which we witnessed the Knicks get crushed by the Sixers at Wells Fargo. (Sad face.) This place didn't have great reveiws but it was cold outside and it was really close to our hotel. Loved the high ceilings and laid-back feel of the restaurant. I ordered the two-egg and roasted potatoes with a side of well-done bacon. This restarant features farm-to-table food and I loved the organic egg offering on the menu. My meal was fantastic. Eggs were perfectly cooked over-easy and the potatoes were crispy and flavorful. The bacon was the real star of the show though; cooked well-done as ordered. We asked the waiter about it and he told us that the bacon is cooked entirely on the grill and therefore sturdy and crisp, not sloppy and greasy. I declared it the best bacon I have ever eaten. I would most definitely return to this restaurant.Happy hour and two more Cobb salads, very good.  Nice place, Farmicia, I like its medium size, the busy but friendly staff, and the range of customers.  The Cobb salad on the  bar menu has been good twice.  The bar is semi-separated from the dining room, and it makes the barroom feel a little cozier, also good.  They make the most out of this Old City space.got nachos and the tostitos and guac for lunch recently.  mmm, mmm good!  the grilled cheese looks killer, but a little pricey for 2 pieces of bread and some melted cheese....I made a reservation here since it was nearby and had lots of vegetarian options for my friend. We were off to a good start with the cheese plate appetizer though they ended up charging us 50 cents for extra bread (the cheese to bread ratio was way off). Low and behold mid entree we noticed the table next to us being offered a variety of bread from a tray. We had to stop the bread server and ask to have some. He was nice and offered us each two pieces with chive butter. 
For dinner, I ordered the eggplant cannelloni which had no mention of beans on the menu but there were so many in the dish they were impossible to pick around. My friends both had the ricotta gnocchi which they enjoyed but the portion was very small. 
The dessert was by far the worst course. The sugar cookie was hard as a rock, the avocado coconut ice cream tasted like frozen avocado with nothing else added to make it taste better. The ice cream on top of the brownie wasn't cold to the point that we debated whether or not it was ice cream or whipped cream. 
All in all, it was good to try but with so many other options, I'm not in any hurry to venture back.This place was supposed to be a special place where my girlfriend and I shared a special meal. It was the biggest let down on so many levels. The waiter turned out to be this fruity, sarcastic guy who had the flair for the dramatics, but acted very poorly. The bread servers wished everyone they served went straight to hell, and the people in there had the most smug looks on there faces. I ordered the ribeye, medium rare, and got it mooing. There was so much blood ozzing out of the thing. I couldn't send it back for the thought of someone spitting in my food scared me away. My girlfriend ordered the duck, and it was like chewing rubber. $6 for a Yeungling, are you kidding me?! At the end of the 'meal' we tried to pay with their coupon, but wouldn't you know it, the fine print says,'only vaild Monday thru Thursday.' Don't go to this place!!!farmicia looks great.  they have a great website, great reviews and a nice happy hour.  i've ridden my bike or walked past many times and always felt a desire to go in, though for some reason or another never made it happen.  i ordered a restaurant.com voucher quite awhile ago so that my girlfriend and i could sample a bit more of the menu at a bargain and finally used it this evening.  though, i think we made a mistake by going for dinner rather than brunch though, based on all the other reviews. ..
the food was just... blah.  all of the dishes looked sloppily put together and were all lacking in flavor, color, display, etc.
cheese plate - the smoked goat was delicious but the cheddar and feta were just ok.  the fruit chutney that came along with it would have been much better if it were simply sliced fruit, especially seasonally selected summer fruits which would have added some nice color and fresh flavors.
avocado/cucumber soup - pretty good, but a tad salty and overpriced.
crab/pear salad - the individual ingredients were fine and there was a generous amount of crab, but the dressing was quite bland.  the salad needed some zest or acidity to pull all the flavors together and make it really good.  the salad was pretty huge too and could easily be an entree on it's own.
vietnamese fried squid - this was just not very good under-fried calimari with some spiced ketchup (which didn't really taste or look house-made).
pork chop entree - when it came out my girlfriend and i both remarked that it looked like a tv dinner or cafeteria lunch.  though the chop was cooked decently, for $21 i expected better than a huge mass of mashed butternut squash separated with a handful of overcooked asian-style snow peas - the presentation was absolutely horrible.
overall - overpriced and unispired though decent quality food.  staff was very friendly and accommodating at least.  would not go back.This is a 2-3 star restaurant that acts like it is a 4 star restaurant. The food is ok, but its definitely not worth 25 to 30 for a main. I'd also suggest the waitresses get a bit more of a tutorial on the beers they carry and their meals. Our waitress had no idea what any of the beers were, or portion sizes, etc. We ordered the flourless chocolate torte. It more like a moisltess chunk of chocolate. Bill came to about 80 bucks for two people. Not worth it, and wont be back.Came with a group of 14 for work lunch and we had one single server who was great! (Blonde girl on thurs the 15th) Delicious lunch! Lots and lots of options including lots of interesting vegan and vegetarian ones. Loved the hummus, amazing cheese plate, butternut squash soup, nachos, veggie burger and fries. I thought I was making a healthier decision ordering the toasted sourdough with goat cheese rather than the grilled cheese but it came out looking worse- buttered or oiled bread with the pesto dripping off and not the dry toast I expected. Of course it was good but wish the menu had laid it out better. I would come here over and over again, recommend to friends and try dinner. Lunch prices were very reasonable for old city! Every single dessert on the menu is amazing! Surprised they didn't charge gratuity- I hope you let them for larger parties. Our service was excellent!I was pleasantly surprised by my brunch experience at Farmicia. I am used to the Philadelphia standard brunch experience - a long wait, rushed service, expensive cocktails. I had almost forgotten a brunch without these things was possible!
I really enjoyed the atmosphere - it felt like a much more expensive restaurant. Service was prompt and friendly. We did have one minor snafu - the waiter put in my friend's order as french toast rather than pancakes, when bringing the food to the table he immediately explained what happened and fresh pancakes were on the table within 5 minutes. The brioche french toast with apple and cherry compote was DELICIOUS, one slice was a perfect portion. I really enjoyed the side options, which were very reasonably priced. 
Perhaps the best thing about brunch was the HALF-PRICED COCKTAILS! Seriously, who does this ?! I am so used to being overcharged for drinks in order to enjoy them with my eggs. I had a Bloody Mary, which had just the right amount of heat, and was strong without being overwhelmingly alcoholic. 
They do accept reservations - although you wouldn't have needed one when I was there, if you know in advance when you'll be there it can't hurt to reserve your spot. They also have a small enclosed foyer where you can wait for your friends to gather, which was great since it was freezing this morning!Not many places in Philly emphasize fresh, crisp, produce, so that earns Farmicia 3 stars.  They don't actually prepare it very well though.  Service was OK.What I love about this place: the atmosphere, delicious/wholesome food  AND its byo with still a bar option! Everything tasted really fresh (which it was)... you can't go wrong with a soup or a salad here. I had the butternut squash risotto croquettes with caramelized onions & collard greens... it was so delicious that I would get it again in a heartbeat (& I like to try something different every time at a place like this!) The veggie/vegan friendly options were impressive & the duck dish was also delightful. Creme brulee was so so when compared to the pear/cherry tart which was exceptional.We came here while visiting philly and independence hall for brunch. They have an amazing happy hour with half off cocktails and and expansive cocktail list for $6. I had the hacienda eggs which was deliciousness light but filling. You can get your eggs cooked however you want and I went with over hard. It comes with jalapenos which actually have some spice to them so that was great and a perfect addition. It comes with a side of potatoes which i recommend getting extra crispy because who doesnt love crispy potatoes. I would def come back here and try some additonal menu items.Another great dining experience in Olde CIty.  We snagged the table in the window (best seat in the house, in my opinion) on a Thursday night with no reservation.
Wine list is minimal but adequate.  The menu has a nice variety with something for everyone from meat eaters to vegans.  I had the pork chop and hubby had the tamales.  Both were delicious.  The ingredients are high quality and portions are large.  The presentation of the tamales could use some improvement as they come out on what looks alot like a TV dinner tray.  Minor distraction though as the flavor was fantastic!
Nice selection of after dinner cocktails.  The food desserts weren't as good as the entrees though.  We had the vegan banana pudding (bland but the ice cream that comes with it is really good) and the brownie (a little dry for our tastes.)
Service was excellent and staff easily answered all questions we had regarding ingredients and cooking methods.Tips: cheap drinks during weekends brunch - $5.00!  (half off drinks)
We were sat outside - I would avoid it as the seating is slanted so you need to lean the whole time.  Limited seating anyway.  Also, we were forgotten about for about 15-20 minutes!  They did come and apologize for the confusion after we spoke with someone, but still...not even anything to offer for this.  The busser and other servers even saw us as they came to bring food out....disappointed, hence the 3 stars. 
The food:  Eggs were fantastic, Chef seems to know how to cook some eggs, and as most of you may know, eggs are the hardest thing to cook properly!  Salmon was good, a bit rubbery at certain sides.  Ask for the jam with the toast.
Will be back because it's so close, but I sure hope we aren't waiting 20 minutes for server!I had drinks here years ago then recently I had brunch.
The happy hour brunch is wonderful.  Yummy choices and great tasting cocktails.  I had cheesy grits, eggs, and sausage.  Portions were huge.  A nice place to be with friends.  
I will be visiting again this month.  I can't wait.  Next will be the dinner!I am writing this as a cautionary review to alert people that the food at Farmicia is not as 'gluten-free' as they might claim.  Last week my coworker went there for lunch, he has celiac disease, he ordered a item from the menu that was noted as being gluten-free.  About an hour later he exclaimed "I think Farmicia lied," and then began dry-heaving and had to rush to his car to make it home or else he would be stuck in the city all night. I was not aware that the reaction to eating wheat when you have celiac was so severe.  When his wife called to express her feelings about the situation the management was more argumentative than apologetic- they sent him a $20 gift card, no note, no anything.  Needless to say, he will be returning the gift card and not dining at Farmicia again.  I need to note that I myself have never eaten at Farmicia and that I arrange business meetings there on a regular basis for my boss (he does not have any dietary restrictions) and he always seem to enjoy it.  Just want to warn those out there with restrictive diets!I think Farmicia has a fun and inviting menu along with a welcoming restaurant design.  After dining here a few times, I'm happy to recommend it to others for an enjoyable meal.
Let's start with happy hour.  From 5-7 (at the time of this writing) cocktails are half price.  That's a significant savings and you can get some tasty beverages here.  They don't keep their drink menu online but suffice to say that you can enjoy yourself with their cocktails.  I had one that featured bourbon and Root that really stuck out to me.
If you come here for brunch you will find a menu that's slightly large for a Philadelphia restaurant but not overly so.  I enjoy the amish cheddar grits and pork sausage for its decadence and simplicity.  They also brew a nice cup of coffee.
For dinner, I've tried the duck, the mega dose of grains/greens and the skirt steak.  All were prepared expertly and the kitchen did a great job of omitting any allergens that my wife has.  We felt very comfortable dining her and it was clear that our server and the kitchen really listened to us.
I've added Farmicia to my growing list of Olde City standbys.  Service and food have really stood out to me here.We really enjoyed our brunch while visiting Philly last weekend.  My teenage son liked the scrapple (a new item for us) and I thought the grits were excellent, but the winner at the table, hands down, were the pancakes.  They were amazing!  I thought the hubby and I liked them so much given that we are completely carb deprived, but the kids were devouring them too!  The waitress was friendly and the decor, pretty cool. We enjoyed sitting near a huge canvas glued on the wall and the ceiling fans were a nice touch as well. It was a great experience.Outside seating has table and chairs on an uneven sidewalk. Drinks beware. I did feel as though we were forgotten about while seated outside. 
Vegetable lasagna and skirt steak were main entrees ordered. Both were good, broccoli accompanying the steak was a tad bit salty. Kids' grilled cheese was good and arrived quickly at the table, which is always a plus. 
I'm unsure if I would return with many other options in Old City.I went here for brunch one time and very much enjoyed it. The Benedict was cooked perfectly and tasted great.  They also had a happy hour brunch which I can never complain about. I got a spiked coffee drink and enjoyed it thoroughly.
I went out for brunch with four people and everyone ordered different things and enjoyed them all. I would definitely recommend this place for brunch to friends.I'm tripping over the 3.5 star rating this place has. 
Beautiful dining area? Check.
Moderately paced and kind service? Check.
Really good food for a decent price? Check.
I mean I really can't see what's so bad about this place. Maybe it's because it takes a lot for me to really dock on the rating, and usually one foul up isn't enough to warrant a really low score, but I genuinely can't even say anything bad about this place.
We were greeted and sat immediately. We scored a great spot near a window for a nice outside view. A waiter was always around to refill our water and they even do a bread service.
The nachos we ordered for a starter were amazing. Seriously. All the cheeseeee.
I did a hummus and avocado on pita with a side salad and everything was excellent. I tried a bite of a ham and cheese and it was just as good. And at least for me, a fresh avocado and hummus sandwich with tomato, as well as a very tasty spinach pesto, and served with a salad for only like $9.50? I'd hardly call that expensive for a downtown city price.
Who knows. But I sure as heck didn't get anything wrong with my experience.I met friends for brunch in mid-August.  The place was nice, and the food was fantastic.  Our server was awful.  Every time we wanted anything, we had to find her, (she stayed at the server's station on her phone).  We had to search for her when we wanted to order.  We had to send someone to find  her every time we wanted a refill on coffee / drinks.  Not once did she come to our table of her own accord.
Everything else was good, so I would be willing to try it again.  Hopefully our server was an exception and not the rule.I am so excited that I tried this restaurant.  It serves high quality food for a reasonable price.  Also, for my fellow celiacs:
1) It has a gluten-free fryer, which means I get to enjoy some rare treats like calamari (breaded in corn, not wheat) and french fries.
2) It has a gluten free menu with lots of appealing options.
I had calamari, French lentil salad (special ordered with non-breaded goat cheese), and a few of my husband's fries.  
CALAMARI: The calamari were pretty good, but semi-ruined by being drowned in chipotle aioli.  Next time I'll know to order the aioli on the side.  (It was an insane amount.)
FRENCH LENTIL SALAD:  Outstanding.  It was a large portion of delicious, fresh lentils over luscious greens, dressed perfectly, topped with a generous portion of warm goat cheese.  I could feel myself getting healthier with every bite.  (I cannot say the same for the calamari...)  I ended up taking half of it home.  But I wish I could arrange with the restaurant to pick up this salad in the mornings on my way to work--it would be the perfect lunch.
FRENCH FRIES:  I may be biased because I hardly ever get to have french fries due to fryers usually being gluten-contaminated.  But these ones were *really* good.  Thin--but not too thin--and flavorful.  Skin on.  Just the right amount of salt.
I look forward to returning soon to try their other tempting salads and the gluten-free brownie sundae.
Service note:  The waiter was friendly and helpful.  My only complaint is that he stopped coming back to check on us, even though the place was nearly empty (it was 4pm)...we waited so long for him to pick up our credit card, that we ended up paying with cash just so we could leave.