I just had dinner here with a friend.  I am giving this rating based on the quality of the food and the value for the money and the ambience of the restaurant.  Clean, well prepared, simple, healthy food.  This is also a good restaurant if you have people with different dietary requirements such as veg, vegan dining with carnivores :).Really tasty, super fresh, great selection. I love that they have the originating farms on the board. The staff is lovely as well.I got the salad (romaine, tomato, carrot, and red onion with a honey lemon dressing), sweet potatoes and kale, broccoli, and the tomato citrus brisket. The brisket is ridiculously tender and good. Cost is a little high: the above mentioned items and a Honest iced tea ran $14.50.I do wish they had mac n' cheese but other than that gripe, the food was excellent.My new favorite lunch spot! Healthy, quick, delicious, affordable. Pay by the pound with friendly service. Will definitely be back and tell everyone to do the same!A regular here. It's expensive but it's good and healthy and they have told me most of these stuff is organic. I personally like gluten but everything is gluten free hereThis is a outstanding addition to the neighborhood. Fresh, delicious food at a great price.  I had a fantastic dinner for 10 dollars - quinoa salad, pulled pork. Mixed veggies. Wow! I will be back for sure.  I wish this place great success!Fast, fresh, affordable. This is my new go to lunch spot down town. I hope this place stays around for a long time, and I'm looking forward to try new menu items as the seasons change.Great healthy, allergen-free place! (Vegetarian, GF, some Vegan, and meat on the menu). The food is from local farms which is awesome, and it is always fresh. Quick place for lunch especially. Take out options, fun music, nice staff, and GF beer and cider too (new).I got delivery from Grubhub. Meat tasted dry and overcooked, beans were tasteless as if they were just scooped out of a can, the uniformly cubed ham and sweet potato was unappetizing, and the eggplant in the eggplant carbonata tasted raw. 
Next.A friend of mine said it best when she said "I don't trust a restaurant that has the word Farmer in it".
Tried this place out for lunch recently and was really excited because it's so close to my office, and looked so promising! I thought, it's like AGNO, but closer, and better? Unfortunately, it's like AGNO, but worse, and more expensive.
The salads are all prepared and it can be a bit overwhelming. There are 3 main base salads- spinach, romaine, and spring mix blend, with dressing and a few things already on them. The there are a bunch of "fancy" prepared salads (quinoa tabouli, carrot salad, hummus and veggies, beet salad, eggplant, greek salad, corn salsa, kale kimchi, etc.). Then there is a proteins section (chicken, sausage, etc).  
If you're like me you're end up with a random mish mash of spinach salad (their version of Green goddess, didn't feel very heavenly to me) salad, eggplant caponata jawn, quinoa tabouli, sausage and peppers, and beets. A few things to consider: None of these things fit together (Ok, this is my fault, but really, it doesn't seem like many of these would taste good together). They're all cold. (This is intentional on their part, but I could have used some warmth). None were super flavorful. (This is their fault, I guess this is what happens when you take out all the gluten, allergens, dairy, eggs, nuts, and shellfish... those things must be where the taste comes from?). I (cough, work, cough) was treating a coworker to lunch, but without drinks, the total came to $25 for two pretty unimpressive salads. (It's by weight, but we each had very reasonable sized salads, I thought). 
Overall, the entire experience was pretty mediocre.  Sorry Farmer, don't think this one's a keeper for me.Farmers Keep catered brisket for our Christmas party last night, and it was AMAZING! Everyone enjoyed it, and I am continuing to enjoy the leftovers today. Fantastic food -- great quality and flavor. Everyone raved about it. Highly recommend!Great place for hearty, nutritious and tasty food. Also, affordable which is great for the community. 
The seating environment is also great. They also have other activities like yoga if you check out their site. 
Overall great place for food and lunch time.My boyfriend and I have walked past this cute little place for a while now. Every time (even as it was being built) we spoke about going in an foolishly didn't. Finally last night we gave it a go. We've been on the Whole30 cleanse now for 25 days and we've (I've) been kind of desperate to have one night of no cooking, but when you're on this cleanse it's really hard and stressful to find a place to eat that has dishes that follow the guidelines. 
I researched "Paleo friendly restaurants in Philly" as well as "Whole30 safe restaurants," and Farmers Keep appeared in both searches with people raving about the food so we knew we had to go.
This place is great. Small and simple on the inside with a a beautifully simple and "clean" menu that changes  every few weeks. It works kind of like buffet style with a super friendly and appreciative gentleman behind the counter that will help fill up your order and you pay by weight. 
Everything is made is small batches and served right in the pot or skillet it was made in. Aside from that when you walk in you see a chalk board with a whole litany of notes mentioning that every single thing made there is - egg free, nut free, gluten free, dairy free, etc. That along with a "Farm-to-Table" standard of cooking you know the food is pure, simple and heathy. If you're a practicing, paleo or if you have other food restrictions in your diet or if you just appreciate home cooked heathy food this place is for you.
The people who opened this little place had a really great idea and we will definitely be going back when we can to help support and also to stuff our faces! Did I mention we actually went back up for seconds?!
So happy we finally went in, I feel like a fool for waiting so long!I was delighted to see another restaurant featuring (largely) plant-based cuisine to open in the area, and have been equally pleased with what they serve. They have a rotating selection of dishes, anything from picked beets, fruit and quinoa salad, grilled asparagus, and white bean hummus with crudites (and also a selection of meat dishes,  which I can't speak to).
Everything is priced by weight. It's a little steep for my tastes, but fresh and delicious, and the staff are extremely friendly and welcoming. 
All of the dishes,  cups, and utensils are compostible, and they source many of their ingredients from local farms. 
They offer yoga classes once a month, and will have a rooftop garden / bar in a few months, which should make this place even more of a draw.Very good food and service. Get the combo meal - salad, two sides and a protein for $12 - all with fresh ingredients. Menu changes enough to always keep it interesting. One of the best healthy options in Center City.Menu changes frequently,  but everything we had was fresh and delicious.   Pick exactly what you want and it is by the pound.   Fix a salad or proteins and sides.   Staff is really friendly and interior is nice,  simple and clean.  Wil definitely  be one of my go to places for lunch.It's been open for almost 2 years and I just tried it. Twice in one week and I'll be back twice a week going forward.  Their food is phenomenal and the service is as well. Great variety, great portion size and you can't beet the price! Definitely get a combo meal!!! Brisket, sweet potatoes, asparagus, broccoli and salad! Yum!!!A good healthy spot but I would say good not great like I would go back since it's close to my job and it's a easy guilty free lunchThis is a great lunch spot in Center City!  I work across the street and I've gotten a take-out salad here 5-6 times in the last 2 weeks.  I've thoroughly enjoyed each and every meal!  They have a great variety of yummy food -- rotating proteins and veggies with some consistent items, too.  I have some diary sensitivity so it's great to find a casual and healthy lunch spot with an allergen free menu.  The quality of the food is very high, and the location is convenient for me.  I will definitely keep coming back and highly recommend this place.
My only complaint is the price.  $10/lb is fine, but the food is served cafeteria-style and the servers have a tendency to put WAY too much on your plate.  I requested carrots today and got a FULL SCOOP (like 1 cup at least) of carrots... I wanted a fraction of that, but once the server added it to my plate I didn't feel like I could complain about the quantity.  This has happened to me several times.  To complicate matters (I actually think this may be the source of the over-serving problem), the glass barricade separating customers from the food is too tall and practically sound-proof.  I've tried directing the servers when I want just a little bit of something, but they can never hear me.  Needless to say, I was a little disappointed/surprised when my salad today was $19.... I've kept it around $12-13 every other visit, which is always enough and rightly priced for lunch and the quality of the food.  I think the appeal of this place is the variety, so you should be able to try smaller amounts of lots of different things (that's my preference at least!) without piling on too much food and breaking the bank.  Over the next few weeks I would like to see some improvement in communication between the servers and customers to better facilitate this (maybe a half-scoop/ full-scoop option).  I don't think anyone wants to pay $19 for a take-out salad, and if that happened the first time I visited it may have kept me from returning.
Anyway, this place is brand new with lots of potential! Check it out.Great lunch spot!!  After having recently moved to the area and having had pretty disappointing lunch experiences at nearby places such as Agno Grill and Pure Fare, I wandered into this place around 1pm on a weekday and left...happy!! Great, fresh and healthy food options that rotate daily, friendly staff, and apparently they serve booze (can't review the booze, but I won't deny that I like just the thought of having the option..).  There was a little bit of a line when I arrived, but it moved quickly.  Everyone in front of me seemed to be regulars, and all ordered 'by weight' (as opposed to the combo meal platters advertised on the board for a set price).  I actually would have gone the combo platter route as it sounded perfect, but figured the regulars must know something that I didn't.   So I went by weight and chose my greens, protein, and sides.  Total came to be just under $10, which having lived in NYC for  5 years, I think is pretttttayy good.  I can't remember the combo platter price, but it was probably more like $10.99 or something, which is I'm sure why people go 'by weight'.  In any case, everything was delicious - even worth the extra dollar or two for the combo!   
The cashier was also very friendly and helpful -   I saw a sign for their rooftop bar and asked about it...while I can't speak for the rooftop bar as she said they are 'working on the licensing' for it and hoped to have it open next spring, I think its a GREAT idea for that area and will only improve my feelings towards FK!  Can't go wrong here!Glad I found this delicious lunch spot on here. Every once in awhile I am in the mood for a salad for lunch. This place makes a pretty good salad. Well you really make it and they just shovel the food into a carton. Thats ok though! The guys working here are delightful. The greens are crisp, well mixed, and topped off with a delicious optional dressing. The fennel artichoke salad i tossed on top, A+. Lamb meatballs were heavily padded with crunchy veggies, but thats ok, that crunch added another dimension to the good quality of lamb. 
I wish they had a greater selection of beverages.Good clean food. Gluten free. Pleasant staff. Nice music, nice vibe. Ample beer selectionWe recently had our staff holiday party and the owner, Josh came and did a cooking demonstration and tasting menu for us. It was out of this world fantastic! Josh educated us about the food and gave us so many practical tips, and he was so warm and personable throughout. You can tell that he's very passionate about good quality food and his fabulous restaurant. We have also been a catering customer in the past for business meetings and have been thoroughly pleased with the food. Our meeting attendees even asked for business cards so they could order from Farmer's Keep as well!Everything I've eaten here has been stellar. Can't miss items are the pineapple sweet potatoes and pork. It's hard to believe this place is healthy because it all tastes so good.  I've eaten here multiple days in a row--it's hard to get enough of it!I really want to like this place, so I've been a few times for lunch -- but i'm always disappointed.  I like the concept, but execution falls flat.  Since i'm a vegetarian, i definitely miss the presence of nuts and cheese in a salad.  Descriptions of the selections are not very explicit, and i'm left wondering how things are seasoned until i'm either pleasantly or unpleasantly surprised.  The staff aren't very accommodating to questions about the contents of the food.  In addition, portions are not very customizable and i always end up with too much food -- i feel bad not being able to finish something i paid for by weight.
I was excited about the addition of a bottle shop, but when i went to check it out i was sorely disappointed.  It's clear that they just bought a bunch of mediocre variety packs and stuck them on the shelves with marked-up prices.  Ommegang 12-oz bottles are about the most interesting thing there.
My last visit here really turned me off.  It was a cold day and i just wanted a cup of the vegan chili, so i waited in line... and half a dozen people getting salads somehow passed by me and got their orders taken first.  They seemed to be regulars.  Favoritism?  The chili was fine, but i had to work pretty hard to finally get served it.This place is great. Lots of healthy and local options for a quick lunchtime meal. The hummus is always fresh and the chicken with butternut squash is always on point. Would highly recommend to anyone!Great, high quality food but extremely expensive! I got chicken with a few vegetables and a side salad and because you pay by weight, it came to $17! Tasty but not worth that much money. Today I went back and got some raw vegetables to add to my own lettuce mix at home and it came to $10. I could have just gone to sweet green and gotten and entire salad for that much. Anyways, it's convenient and tasty, but too expensive to eat there regularly. Also, most staff members are very standoffish and not friendly. Both times I've been there they are wearing sweatpants and stained shirts which is kind of gross for someone serving your food.Good concept. Food missed the mark. Meat sauces were very sweet. Great beer selection.Great place to dine! Good food; good atmosphere; friendly staff. There are 2 ways to order - The Combo Platter or Pick and Choose. The Combo Platter allows you to pick 1 salad (includes 3 toppings), 2 sides, and a protein. There is also another option to choose from called the Pick and Choose which is weighed by the pound. There were a ton of healthy options, and I felt like I just had a home cooked meal. It was delicious!I love this place! It's right near my office and is a good alternative if I'm looking for something healthy instead of a salad. The menu has a good rotation of items that are always flavorful and cooked to perfection.....the protein (meat) options are by far the best part of the menuAmazing selection of real food. Reasonably priced. Service was fast for a lunch crowd on a Monday. I wish more cities carried this concept.Local, fresh food at a great price really fast. What more could you ask for? A gluten free diner's dream.I can't even begin to describe what Farmer's Keep has done for my lackluster diet. I gave up meat a few years ago, and have been slowly reducing dairy and eggs.  The offerings at Farmer's Keep are innovative and fun, and the fact that they are dairy and egg free is just the icing on the cake! The first month it opened, I ate at least one meal a day there and never even came close to getting bored of the menu.  I've slowed down a little, but still find myself there a few times a week!
I love the enthusiasm of the servers and management!This place was truly awesome.  I went with a friend at 1215pm and we had 20 people ahead of us on line. The line moved QUICKLY that you didn't even notice a long line. 
 All the food was fresh and tasty.  I had the combination which is salad, protein and two sides for $10.95.  The pull pork was so juicy and tasty.  The red beans and rice was perfectly cooked.  I forgot to ask for salad dressing and I didn't realize it until I FINISHED my food :) 
Whoever decorated the place has a good eye since it would be a cool place to meet a friend for lunch.
I will definitely be back for lunch again.This place is perfect for me since I don't eat much but want a variety of healthy food. I like that they weigh the food! I'll come here for some something clean,quick, and tasty!Farmer's Keep. I like you. Super friendly staff. I had never been and they walked me through the drill! Went in at 1 on a Wednesday not a long line. Quick and easy. Super good! Lots of different choices!I love this place.  Basically any item you choose will be delicious (especially their tabbouleh quinoa), the service is great, and you can get as full as you want.  The atmosphere is calm, and they're always playing good music.  It's a unique place, definitely worth a visit.For the quality and care Farmer's Keep puts into their food, this place is a bargain. Beautifully presented salad options are set in their bar area. Their staff will make your salad bowl with whatever you choose. Their options are endless - everything from pre-dressed greens, grain salads, roasted vegetables, proteins, etc. I wanted everything!
This place is a little more high end than your typical fast-casual place. I wish there were more places like these around!This place is so amazing. Their food is made fresh everyday and they change their menu often with the seasons. The best part, they have a lot of vegan options. All most all of their side options are vegan (sweet potatoes, grilled zucchini, eggplant, hummus, edamame salad, mushroom polenta just to name a few) and their they have great salads that can easily be made vegan (do not have to modify it much). You can even build your own salad if you like.The pricing is a little different; you either order a platter or a meal by weight (like Whole Foods if you're familiar with that). This worked out great; I just ordered by weight and got a bunch of sides, which came out to about $15 and it was the size of an average meal.FOOD WAS COLD. 
Even though there menu is made fresh daily, it just sits on wooden slabs underneath ineffective heat lamps all day. 
It's an upscale buffet with room temperature food.
The plus side is that the food is reasonably priced by weight, so your able to fill your plate and try out the wide variety of items they provide. They also have a great kombucha selection!We needed this because the pagano's salad bar is so weak.  Thank you!  Fresh, tasty, quick, and inexpensive.Great concept and food. 4 stars instead if 5 because the hot entrees where not hot enough, warm, okay, but wanted hotter. They have set specials or buy by weight. I went with weight and sampled several items. All fresh and high quality. The proteins were superb. Brisket, pulled pork, and gumbo were all come back for more--especially if I could get them 20 degrees hotter.Awesome farm to table meals with a menu which changes every week. Server assisted buffet style, perfect for a quick meal or sit down. The combo platter has a protein, salads, and two sides for $11. Super filling and extremely healthy. Additionally, a wide variety of craft beers if that's up your alley.I have been seeing this place for long time but finally went there for lunch today since Mama's was closed and I must say, I was pleasantly surprised. The decor inside was very earthy. There is only salad for lunch but the options are pretty good. They have quinoa, noodles, etcThe food is great, fresh and healthy. The system is easy and practical. I really liked it but the place still have some room for improvements. Good luck!I tried out Farmer's Keep for the first time today and overall I was very happy with the experience. The staff was super friendly and explained how it worked since I had never been there before. I did think it was a bit pricey as my salad cost $17, that's the reason for 4 stars. 
The food was delicious though, the way it was prepared even made kale taste good. I'd definitely go back!Went here for lunch.  The food was very good. I wanted honeyed broccoli which was on the board but not available so I got the ginger carrots instead. They were supposed to be roasted but were closer to being  raw. The quinoa with grapes was delicious and I'd order that again.  I ordered the brisket and instead of giving me 2 decent slices like my companion got, I got some bits and pieces that had a lot of fat on them and my portion was considerably smaller than my companion's protein servings. 
The reason this review gets 3 stars instead of 4 is the poor way they handle the line of customers.  They have the same person filling your entire order from the salad to the proteins and sides and then taking your money. It takes forever and portion sizes vary depending on who is giving out the food, especially the proteins.  With 4 people working and 1 person just standing there looking at everyone working, the line should have moved much faster. Even just putting one person at the register to handle just the money would speed things up. 
Since everyone gets waited on individually, it could take quite a while to get served if a group goes in and I wouldn't recommend it.  We were only 3 so it was okay but they should really study the way Chipotle serves food and take some tips. 
I would go back but not if I was in a rush.I've been here several times, but I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon. Previously I've gotten the "pay by weight" option, and thought that it was a little expensive but the food was pretty good at least. Tonight I tried the "combo" for a set price and the server gave minuscule portions of the salad, sides, and protein. Definitely not worth the price. Even worse, the server kept sniffing as he meticulously picked the leaves of lettuce and pieces of quinoa he would allow me to have. He was obviously sick and probably should not have been serving the food. Small portions, expensive, and possibly contaminated food. Won't be back, at least not for a while.This place is ridiculously good!! Have had many entrees from them and everyone is to die for. Keep up the great work guys!Great place to grab a quick lunch, but a bit on the pricier side around $11-12 including tax. Healthy home cooked food with a variety of proteins, sides, and salads. I love their tandori chicken and the ranch meatballs. The garlic roasted cauliflower and chilli is delicious and flavorful and go great with the protein. I love the Green Goddess salad, the dressing has a bit of a sweetness from the dressing and the grapes which is very refreshing! I've gotten the choose and pick per pound as well as the platter combo, but the platter combo would be a good deal if you are trying to spend less. The pick per pound might be good if you want to try a bit of everything, but the price might add up. If you work at the 2000 Market St building, there is a 15% discount! Just need to show verification or badge.This place is like agno on crack. When they open up the rooftop bar I will be here all the timeHealthy, delicious eating in a cool, laid back atmosphere.  You get to pick the ingredients of your salad as laid out in front of you, and they put it all together for you.  My favorites are roasted beets, roasted potatoes and quinoa. This place is 100% tree nut free for those of you who care about that! The food is very fresh and apparently made on site. My only wish is that the veggies were organic (which I don't think they necessarily are). Great staff too.Don't get the hype. My rice was so dried out and my meal was mostly salad - there wasn't room for any of the meat or other sides. Mixed salad tastes like it's out of a bag. I'll spend $11 elsewhere.Came here with a friend for lunch and it was just fine. Maybe it's because I don't eat meat, but I thought it was a little pricey for a salad (and by the way, I've seen better stocked salad bars), some fruit, and some veggies. I'll give the food credit for being simple and not oily or too complicated - that said, my platter resembled a little bit too much something I would make and pack for myself, but way more cost effectively. 
I came at 12:30 on a Friday - maybe I came too late or at the wrong day/time, but I just wasn't impressed, especially considering the price.Excellent food.  We really enjoyed all of the different healthy options.  Food was delicious and fresh.  Very clean establishment with staff that went out of their way to make sure that our first trip wouldn't be our last.  Hawaiian roast pork was out of this world good!Great surprise find.  Delicious food you can order by weight or by plate.  Came as a family.  Comfortable and clean.  Very Allergy friendly.Everything you could imagine and more. I can't have glute or dairy and the food was simple and delicious! It was fresh and warm. To me it felt like I went to a friends house and they cooked me dinner. The guys working there were super helpful and so nice. I had my kids with me and the guy brought out a few pieces of paper and a pen so they could draw. Can you please open a location up in Scottsdale, AZ!!!!This is a great place to get healthy and allergen free food... I have really enjoyed their chicken and pork dishes... They just updated their beer selection for take out and that's definitely a plusI love this place. I ate there for the first time yesterday and really enjoyed my meal. It's basically the Whole Foods hot bar as a restaurant except the food is way more fresh and delicious. Its pay by the pound at $10 a lb. I paid about $12 for my plate and was satisfied (I'm a big guy that eats a lot). For $12 I think its worth it for the quality- No filler, just real food.I've been dairy and egg free for the last few months. Other than hip city veg, vstreet, and chipotle its been hard finding places to eat. I just went here for the first time today and I'm actually satisfied. I can't remember the last time I really enjoyed a meal. It was just nice to have a variety of things to choose from. The turkey meatloaf balls are really delicious and go well with different salads.The food was definitely delicious for a local grown, healthy restaurant. However, it was not very impressive. I would go there if I want to stay healthy and stuff, but I wouldn't go if I am hungry for amazing food. Don't get me wrong. It was delicious but it's just not as good as a regular yelp 4 star restaurant.This place is great! Went here for lunch with my sister. Everything is fresh. I had the kale burger, massaged kale salad and kimchi cucumbers. Guy behind the counter was friendly and helpful. No complaints. Plus they sell alcohol. Win-win for me. I'll be back.I'm giving it four stars not because I think the food is amazing but because of the concept, healthy options, and taste of the food considering that it's generally healthy. I think it's  a great place to grab lunch if you're working in the area. Service is good and decor is cozy.I love love LOVE coming here. The reviews say its pricey but I think it's totally reasonable and cheaper that Sweet Green. In my opinion, you get a lot more variety and better tasting food at Farmer's Keep!  I live in DC but travel to Philly often for work and this is by far my favorite place to grab lunch. The staff is really friendly and the food is always fresh and delicious. They change up the menu often so there is always something new to try but I know that I can always get juicy chicken, a fresh salad and veggies. I love this place and I will continue to come back here.I love FK so much that I ate there twice in one day. Yes, it's that good and (shh!!) it's also healthy. 
If you're paleo or paleo-ish, then this is the spot for you. For $10 and some change, you get a a salad with 3 toppings, 2 sides and a meat. There are plenty of selections for the sides, from rice to parsnips. For your protein, you can choose from brisket (my fav), pork, chicken and others. 
While the portion sizes are adequate, I do find myself needing an extra serving of meat on days when I pump some iron. I'd pay extra for this or sub out a side, which I'm not sure is possible, but I'm definitely going to ask the next time I go, which will likely be tomorrow.
Go here. Period.This place is very good. I give it a 5 not because it's best restaurant in philly but because it does what it intends to do very well. The food is a little more expensive then a true take out or salad place but in exchange you get fresh, great tasting like homemade food. I had the curried potatoes and beef brisket. Everything was delicious, it's super fast and actually a pretty comfortable place to eat and relax.Best place in Philadelphia, mixing the healthy with the tasty!! The options are endless and the staff friendly and savy.Only place I've ever been to in the city that has signature salads where they charge by the pound. I got the "Farmer's" and for $10 dollars (1 pound of salad) received 3 pieces of rubber, sub-par (that's being kind) chicken, shredded carrots, 9 paper-thin slices of a radish, 6 paper-thin slices of cucumber and a layer of dressing. This combination of price and food is disgusting, I will never be back. Also, if you are going to charge by the pound, let me make my own salad, with my own portions. For the restaurant to charge by the pound and be in charge of servings is mind-boggling.Very cool place; nice place to get a quick bite with lots of options for both meat eaters and vegetarians. Fast casual done right - pleasant service, good ambiance and quick food that tastes good.Jewel of the city.  I cannot even express how happy I was with the food and service.  I asked them to give me what they recommended and it was perfect!  When you go in the staff greets you pleasantly and treats you quickly and fairly.  Amazing!I used to like this place a lot and most of the time their staff is very friendly, but they need to manage their people to provide consistent good service. I came in late (almost 8) and brought a friend of mine to order to go. The staff was sniffing while getting us food. I got the combo, and the portion of the food was half of what I used to get. The few leaves that he put in my salad were just pathetic. I highly recommended this place to my friend, but unfortunately this was his first experience at this restaurant. He will definitely never go back again.Farmers keep is one of my favorite lunch spots in Philadelphia! Farmers keep is a weigh and go lunch spot with delicious and healthy options. You typically start with a salad, toppings of your choice, and one of their delicious homemade dressings (lemon herb vinaigrette is my favorite!). Next you move onto their delicious sides - typically they change everyday, or at least a few places change each and every day. My favorite sides are: cauliflower curry, tomato, cucumber, and onion salad, pulled pork, and more. 
I highly recommend this place mostly because of its healthy options. I never go back to work feeling like I am stuffed or sleepy, and yet I am full! The line also moves fast here, so no worries about it taking your whole lunch hour.Big fan. I think this is probably a big lunch spot for the office crowd. I also happen to live a block away, so I eat here for dinner a couple times a week. Everything is always great. Delicious and ever changing selection. Can't ask for much more when you're trying to eat good tasting food that's healthy too. A bargain for the quality. The guys who run the place are quite nice too. One of my favorite staples for a gal who hates to cook!Definitely what you would expect from a place named "farmer's keep", and I mean that with all appreciation and respect, but with an extra boost of flavor from all different parts of the globe.  The teriyaki chicken, ginger tofu w black beans, and potato kale chick pea salad were all great. I was concerned the scale would throw me for an expensive meal, but the people behind the counter know how to keep your plate around the $10 mark, which equates to around a pound of food.I liked the variety of vegetables and they have kale, and the fact that everything here is fresh. However, I was disappointed in the lack of protein options available. They have a list of proteins, and when I asked, they told me they aren't all available everyday. All they had was pork and steak today, but I was hoping for chicken or turkey. I paid $8 for a bed of vegetables, which still left me hungry. I'm sure they can be great when they have other options available, but I'm not willing to take that risk again, sorry!I have been dairy and egg free for the past few months. Other than cool city veg, vstreet, and chipotle its been difficult finding places to eat. I simply went here for the very first time today and I am really met. I can not recall the last time I actually loved a meal. It was simply fine to really have a number of stuff to select from. The turkey meatloaf spheres are actually tasty and go nicely with different salads.I'm really conflicted here... 5 stars for quality of food, and great friendly service. But 2 stars for how this place operates. I really don't agree with a restaurant that's "pay by weight" when the customer isn't even dishing up their own food. If I'm going to be charged $10 per pound of food, then I should be able to choose how full to fill my plate.  Also, I don't like how the salad bases are pre-mixed. The dressing should be on the side.. That will help save me calories, and money. I don't eat dressing, so just plain lettuce would be nice, I don't like the dressing mixed in. I asked for plain lettuce from the back, and was told there is none available.  He was nice about it, but seems odd that a salad restaurant wouldn't have plain lettuce. 
Anyway, I might try it again because the pesto chick peas alone were to die for... Absolutely delicious. And the coconut quinoa was yummy with grapes. Veggies were undercooked and zuchinni was bland, but all else was pretty tasty. 
I'm not sold on this place yet. But I'll come back eventually. They need to tweak some key items for customers to customize their orders. For now, I prefer Agno Grill instead.Hard to believe that delicious can also be so healthy. Melt in your mouth brisket, fresh kale salad and cauliflower all served buffet/cafeteria style made for a tasty, filling lunch. And, with the menu changing every two weeks, there's always a new set of treats on the menu board.The chicken, rice and veggies were delicious, but beans tasted like pure salt. I will definitely be trying again because the price is good for a good, healthy meal.Wow, these guys have something special going on here. Amazing lineup of salads, bot, cold sides and four meat selections. I enjoyed the bbq pork, potato salad and beet quinoa salad, all were savory, the kind of fare you would expect for a nice dinner. Highly recommend!