The Triple BBQ Cheddar Burger Was Worth Every Bit Of Those Ten Thousand Calores Lol AMAZING!!Unfortunate experience. Tried three meats without sauce to get a good sense of their bbq. Brisket burnt ends and pulled pork along with Mac and cheese and cole slaw.
Fortunately they have sauce at the table. Had the soda fountain been working I may have consumed less sauce, but due to the lack of available soda, I must say I thoroughly enjoyed the sauce.
But the meat. The poor animals that were mistreated after being killed. No cow should have to taste like that. No pig should ever be dried to that point, you couldn't even call it jerky.
My suspicion is there was a microwave involved some time after the smoking which didn't seem like it was the day of serving.
The meats were hot and not uniformly. There was fat congealed within the meat but it wasn't moist. It was dry. The meat seemed as if it was not treated with care. At some pint it was smoked as there were good smoke rings, however if it was smoked that day it was too high and too fast. There really is no other answer for that achieved level of dryness (other than reheating?).
If you enjoy camping or a backyard fire pit I suggest using some of the unsauced pulled pork as kindling to start fires. You could also use the burnt ends and brisket as charcoal to achieve comfortable sustained levels of heat. But that would be a waste of money, cow and pig. 
Maybe it was a bad day, a tough time in the kitchen, having to deal with the other table of people and the one man in line, but with those prices and portion sizes there is no excuse for dry and overseasoned bbq. The people of philadelphia deserve better.My first time here: I gave them 3 stars because they have a very extensive menu and we only tasted 4 things on it today, so I'll be back to try more. And because the only other BBQ spot near me is Famous Dave's. However, we had the 1/2 chicken (with dry rub) and the beef ribs (with BBQ Mild Sauce and Memphis Dry Rub) and both were VERY dry and over cooked - near burnt, and not in the good, charred BBQ way. It was almost like they tried to cover it up with the dry rub, but they were kinds difficult to eat. The dry rub and sauce were really good, and if they cook the meat properly, it would probably be good. We got take out, so next time, I'll be checking my food before I leave and exchanging it for some that isn't burnt - I suggest you do the same!Looks like they are just opening so I went in to try it out.  The two girls who waited on me were very courteous and helpful, however, I ordered a brisket plate (the staple of any good BBQ joint) and was severely disappointed.  The brisket itself was dryer than Mom's pot roast, the fatback was still solid and hadn't even been rendered off yet (BTW any fat not rendered off should be removed before serving), nor had any of the cellulose broken down and become gelatinous...not BBQ in my book.
On top of that when asked if I wanted hot or mild sauce I asked for one of each on the side (which I always do) and I was told I had to pay for the second one.  I am a huge BBQ aficionado and I have NEVER been asked to pay for a second side of sauce.  Every joint in the area has plenty of sauces in all varieties for take-home free of charge, also if I had eaten in I could have had all-access to the 4 sauces on the table, so what's the difference, should I be penalized for carrying out? 
The guys cooking my food were also nice but are severely lacking in food production skills, having been in food service for the past 12 years (serv-safe certified for 10) I tend to notice things.  The head cook was wearing the same pair of rubber gloves when I left as when I came in.  They were so dirty it looked like he hadn't changed them in hours, gloves should be changed constantly every time you switch tasks (or at least every 2-3 minutes). With those gloves on he touched: cooler door handles, utensils, food, rags, the fryer baskets, pre-packaged food, the registers, the counters, other peoples food and just about everything else laying around. Just another example of businesses putting costs ahead of sanitation and food quality; despicable in my book especially considering my bag and receipt were coated in so much sauce and grease from him handling them I'm surprised they didn't charge me for it.
Also, the cornbread is store bought, not fresh, the packages from the grocery store were laying out on the counter in plain view, they had no lids for their soda's (the owner told me he had to get the cups from another store) I'm sorry but if you don't have cups and lids, you're not ready to open. He also spent the whole time I was there making business calls on the floor at the top of his lungs, which doesn't bother some but irritates me to no end.
Basically there still isn't a decent BBQ joint in Philadelphia.  I'm praying that one day there will be but Fat Jack's BBQ is definitely not it. These guys need to take a ride to Texas to find out what real brisket is supposed to taste like.This place is delicious. Brisket, pork belly, sides, sandwiches are all sooooooo good. Never disappointed when I order from her. Great service and quick too.I don't write many reviews on Yelp but after eating here I had. The service was pretty bad though one woman there was very nice and welcoming. The younger staff needs to retrained. The owner seemed a bit grumpy when told the customers were very cold. Anyway, now onto the food. The brisket and pork was good, the corn on the cob and Mac and Cheese were fine but nothing to rave about. The ribs however were really really good. Maybe the best I have ever had.  Well worth a visit just don't expect killer service.Gnats were flying around our food and table the entire time. Not just one or two. Probably around 10. It got to the point where we decide packing up and finishing our food at home would be the better option. I tried not to imagine what the kitchen bug situation is like but I doubt it's much better. Very gross. The floor at the entrance was so sticky you practically had to pull your shoes off of it. If you can get past this, the food was actually pretty good. My pulled pork sandwich was tasty and my moms wings were delicious. Only complaint about the food is that I believe the macaroni is microwaved. It was very bland and not very creamy or cheesy at all. My mom liked it though so it could just be personal taste.I've been here before, my husband swears by it. I won't  be back! The guy at the register with the buzz cut insisted on charging me .50 cents when I asked him to put the sauce on my wings and fries.  Then, he went to the back and was talking about me to two employees because they both looked up at me. I can't stand eateries that nickel and dime you to death! The food was mediocre,  my wings were not fresh, the fries were tasteless and the pulled chicken was not seasoned. The flavor has to be in the meat too...not just sauce! Oh yeah...2 forks in the bag, no other condiments.. really.!!  I would have left if it wasn't for my husband who really wanted bbq.I don't even know why I try with this place.  Something is wrong every single time and the people who work there are the worst.  We ordered burgers on Grubhub.  Got a call 10 minutes later that they're out of burgers.  How the hell do you run out of burgers?!?!?!?!  Every time I come here my order is wrong, stuff is missing, food stinks, food takes forever, etc.  I'll gladly go to Mission BBQ or Sweet Lucy's over this placeThis is my new favorite BBQ place!  Had the Texas Tornado sandwich because they said it was there best seller. 3 kinds of meat and slaw. Super delicious!! The ribs they put just dry rub on so that the man could eat them plain and I put my own sauce on mine. ( I'm saucy). The potato salad was as good as my moms and that's saying a lot. Mac
And cheese was only so so. But everything else made up for it.  Can't wait to go backOutstanding service. They apparently deliver anywhere within 5 miles which was convenient.  Ribs were delicious.  We prefer the mild sauce over the memphis rub.This place let me down  used to be so good now service stinks and No smiles not happy or welcoming looking faces cheaped out on my cole slaw on my Memphis mafia  that's supposed to have coleslaw on it Old lady with glasses gave me a stank face when I asked for slaw on my food just didn't feel good in the place atallfirst and foremost, the food is just so damn good!!!
in addition to that, they're always so friendly when I call ahead, get delivery or just go to eat in. One time I accidentally gave the lady who delivered my food too much money and she came back to give it to me. 
this is some authentic bbq and is reflected in the price. however, it's worth every penny and I love eating here.
try the mild hot wings with their ranch sauce. best wings you'll ever have in your life.I eat here at least once a month for the past year and a half. I always get the Notorious P.I.G. sandwich. Pork belly, bacon, cole slaw, maple syrup...I love it. Unfortunately, half the time I go to order it, they tell me they're out of pork belly. So I get the Texas Twister. It's great too, but it's no P.I.G.
If we could give half stars, I'd rate them a 3.5. Other than one woman who I'm guessing is the manager, most the employees there sort of have this look/attitude where the last thing they want to do is deal with a customer. It's like they're caught or trapped and are forced to take my order. They don't make me feel welcome. On those days when they're out of pork belly, I always feel like turning around and walking out from the vibe I get from the employees. It's like I'm putting them out or something. The service isn't bad, just doesn't make you feel like they're glad you chose to eat and spend money at Fat Jacks.
Also, I wish they'd learn to order supplies for their soda fountain. I've only ever been there twice when it actually has soda syrup for all the flavors. Usually, most of the soda flavors are unavailable. Of course, if they're that lax about ordering soda syrup...I wonder what else they're lax about. I try not to think about it and just eat the porky goodness.We used to frequent this place when it first opened... The food was good, not great... But good. We ordered from work regularly, however over the past year their prices have been going up... And quality down. Just ordered, after everyone gave appropriate amount of money plus tip, they said we were still 5 dollars short. And they didn't include a receipt with delivery. They have learned to truly take advantage of a huge customer.
To top that off, the ribs are horrible! Dry and skimpy on meat. Sandwiches are usually very good, but stay away from the ribs...New to the area , ordered ribs, very overcooked, and was being rushed while placing a order, I spoke with the owner, she said come in and ask for her next time I come inThe staff sitting in the lounge were much friendlier than the cashier.  I asked her a few questions giving her a perfect opportunity to make recommendations for what is best to try and she gave me nothing.  Maybe that was because the bbq was so-so and roll I received was hard and stale. The wings had a funny taste to them so I didn't finish them. The sides were okay but that was about it.With the end of Lent 2011, I've been on a hunt for meat in all its glorious forms.  BBQ was next on my list of Must-Dos.  My co-worker had mentioned the new opening of Fat Jack's, so we decided we'd go there.
The food is 5 stars.
The service was 2 stars.
I ordered the Spicy Texas Twister then settled on the Sweet Potato Fries after discovering they were out of Mac 'n Cheese & Green Beans n Ham.  My brother ordered the Belly Buster with monteray jack cheese (for an additional charge) and regular fries with cheese.
When we got the food, I didn't get the sweet potato fries I ordered.  And my brother's sam'wich didn't have cheese on it.  My brother took these items back to the counter to point out the discrepancies.  The guy at the counter said they don't have sweet potato fries.  (But it's on the menu and they took my order for it?)  And when asked about the cheese, the guy's first response was "that doesn't come with cheese.  So there's no cheese on it."  But then we pointed out that we had an extra charge for the cheese, the guy's story changed to, "oh... it's really shredded and mixed in with the cole slaw."  There was no cheese on that sandwich.  No taste of any, no sight of any.  After that, I realized my Spicy Texas Twister was not spicy - no jalapeno peppers or anything else that made it the Spicy Texas Twister.  But after the responses my brother got for the first two issues, what point was there to ask about my Spicy TT?  They'd probably just tell me that they were out of jalapenos and spicy BBQ sauce.
This left a sour taste in my mouth.  One bite of my not-spicy Texas Twister washed that away.  The food was delicious.  Squirting some of their hot sauce from the bottle gave it a tiny kick which barely appeased my desire for heat.  But the BBQ was good.  My bro was disappointed of not having the cheese he wanted, but he enjoyed his Belly Buster - it definitely busted his belly and was very tasty!  I wasn't a fan of the fries, but my brother loved them and devoured his and mine.
The chicken my co-worker ordered was absolutely delicious!  I'll most definitely be getting that next time.  The Mac 'n Cheese (the last order of it) was alright.  And their corn bread was tasty.
After we were done, the owner came by our picnic table and asked how everything was.  By this time, we were full and satisfied, having forgotten about our unsatisfactory order.  We came to out senses a hot minute after he walked away, but by that time he had started talking on the phone and walked outside.  We could only wait for so much time; he was still on the phone when we left.
They're still pulling themselves together, so I'll let slide on the service.  There's no doubt that I'll go back soon for take-out.  I'll give them some time to get their service act together.The perfectly cooked meat is full of flavor and the seasoning and sauces are well crafted, thoroughly enhancing the experience. The sides are all great..expect the collard greens. They are watery, off tasting, and are best ignored (collard greens lover here).  
-Pulled pork has great flavor to it, not your typical crock pot tasting pork here.
-Brisket is well cooked, full of smoky goodness.I'm not entirely sure how this place is getting such high reviews... I actually decided to check this place out based on how much people seem to like it. However, I thought that the food was decent, at best. I can't speak of any bad experience, i.e. the staff was pleasant and helpful, everything was clean and the food didn't take an unreasonable amount of time to reach us. It just wasn't that good. I've been there once, and have never felt the need to go back. But like i said, it wasn't due to a bad experience so maybe I'll give it a second chance? Not any time soon though..We ordered the Honey BBQ Chicken Wings, Loaded Fries, and the Texas Beef Brisket with sides. Overall the food was good. The atmosphere is casual and the decor was quirky. 
There aren't many BBQ places in the area so if you're craving it then this is a good place to start. The prices are higher than average and I wasn't impressed with the sides. However, I enjoyed the main entrées. Also, the wait time was reasonable for the amount of food we ordered and it was enough for four people to share.Excellent BBQ! Haven't had better in the city. I had the sandwich that was brisket, pulled pork, & chicken...very excellent. My only frustration is that they don't sell their sauce bottled.What an amazing place. We got a to go order with 4 slabs of ribs, 1 order of fries and a side order of corn bread. The food is amazing. The actual restaurant doesn't look as bad as other reviewers on here say it is. I personally thought it looked clean and organized when I came in to pick up my order. Overall, amazing place. I HIGHLY recommend you stop by and grab somthing to eat. You'll definitely come back for more, trust me.I had Texas brisket platter with beans and cole slaw. The meat was melt in your mouth moist and perfectly done. Cornbread was fluffy and tasted delicious. The only drawback is the price of the platter. The sandwiches are reasonably priced though.Me and my friend went here at 730. I ordered first. His food came out 20 min before mine. The lady comes out and says sorry your food is coming.  I tried my friends and his food was juicy and tasty. My food came out super cold. The burnt ends and brisket were tough and not juicy like my friends at all. The ribs weren't even edible.  Super burnt and dry . The pork belly was Good but also cold. They forgot my fries when my food finally came out. She said sorry let me get that but 15 minutes go by and still no fries. When they came out they were soft and oily . I tell the lady my food came out cold and nothing like my friends. She takes it to replace it. Comes out with the same dish!!!! Now colder than before. Unreal. I'm so aggravated with the experienceWorst place ever.. so dirty,probably no one have ever cleaned that place!!! Everything is dusty and nasty! They burn food and don't give a shit about customer!!! Don't go there,, You will regret!I recently want to Fat Jack's Barbecue on a Friday night. It was my first time there and we had a Groupon for $30 worth of food. We ordered the 1/2 rack of ribs and whole chicken with a side of beans, corn, and mac and cheese. The food was excellent, we got the dry rub and sauce combination which was delicious. Two times some young girls came over and asked if everything was ok. My only complaint is that the person who took the order needs to show a little more personality, she seemed irritated when I asked her a question about what a seasoning meant and she seemed annoyed when I asked her for plates. I guess that doesn't matter because it was worth it for the food. I think if they had waitress service, it would attract more people but I did notice a lot of people came in for take out. Hopefully the food will remain just as good the next time I come!Woah, this place is pretty Good.
Mac and cheese,bbq beans and brisket are 5 star without a doubt. 
The brisket was the best i've ever had.(for what its worth i've only had famous daves and sweet lucys brisket)
Chicken and pork was a little too dry for me and the pork was pretty tough. I will order extra sauce on the side. Speaking of sauce, the mild bbq sauce was very good here but they didn't quite put enough on the meats(to each his own i suppose)
Corn bread was moist and delicious almost cake like but the portion was measly. 
I look forward to trying FJ's againThis is a review for fat jacks and the online ordering through yelp. I placed the order at noon and got an email confirmation which told me it would be ready in 10-35 mins (really?). So I get there at 12:30..the cashier is rude as hell and they tell me "it'll be right out." I wait 10 mins before I ask how much longer and they say "it takes 20 mins for online orders"...at that point it had been 40 mins since I ordered! Something is obviously broken if it takes 20 mins for you to get an order and you're telling people they can pick up their food in 10-35 mins! Wasn't worth all the wait (and a fussy baby) for that food. Never again!Always on the lookout for a good barbecue place. Will have to keep looking. How do you serve dry ribs in a rib joint? Was the mac and cheese out of a bow? The baked beans were good,
My girlfriend had a half of chicken, Skin was not crispy. Meat again, dry. French fries, soggy.
It was touch watching the guy walk back in the front door with the trash can he just emptied. Went to use the bathroom and practically skated back to the table. The floor was so slippery.
Enjoyed the surely woman behind the counter. It's not my fault you work there.
Would not return.Absolutely wonderful!!!! I love the mac nd cheese,collard greens,potato salad,nd wings are great!!!!I've eaten at Fat Jack's perhaps five times.   I like good smoked pulled pork.  The first 3 times I went,  I was impressed with the pulled pork.  It wasn't S.C good but it was as close as one could get to S.C pulled pork without actually being in S.C.  The aroma of smoked food in the restaurant made you want to order lots of food.  Then they moved their restaurant to the  boulevard.   The last two times I was there, I wasn't impressed.  I think that there is a lack of quality control.  I just had pulled pork sandwich there today.  The problem was that the pork wasn't chopped and it didn't have as much smokey flavor in it as I was accustomed to before their move.  The other time I was there at the new location,  my pork was sligjhtly tough as if it had sat out too long.  My advice to the restaurant:  get rid of the special sandwiches and focus on making sure that each and every protein is perfectly smoked and prepared every time.  All that the special sandwiches do is hide the flavor of the smoke.  The smoke is what makes the flavor in  BBQ.  Comev up with a menu like Little Pigs in Myrtle Beach and give Philly an authentic BBQ joint.Good dry rub ribs, enjoyed the brisket as well.This was the worst BBQ I ever had. Couldn't believe they had the nerve to say they are the best in philly, they must pay people to say that. The food was nothing like in the pictures. I had to eat my chicken right of the bread with a fork because it tasted like I was eating a bread sandwich. The chicken didn't taste BBQ and the BBQ was ok. The owner was getting annoyed when we asked about her business and when we asked what was good she replied "everything" and then told one of her employes to "get the Mac and cheese out of the microwave. The fries tasted like they'd been sitting all day. I will NEVER be back here! I feel so sick to my stomach!Formerly in Southampton on County Line Road Fat Jack's has relocated to the Blvd. Their barbeque is Memphis style so the meat is heavy on smoke and the sauce is on the side. I liked their burnt ends and their wings but since I am not a pork eater I guess I cannot give a full fledged review of this place. I will say that the meats I did have were not bad but I have had better. I am sure I will wander in and try more of their offerings again soon.NEVER, NEVER, NEVER again. I was ready to dive nose deep into this food until 2 things happened. The first was I ordered to meats with hot BBQ sauce only to see it look like a child serving with literally a drop of sauce and then secondly I had hair in my Mac and cheese. 
I called to let them know about the hair and that I'll be bring my food back. The manager asked if I wanted another Mac and cheese. Why in the hell would I want the same damn Mac and cheese after seeing hair???? 
Then when I got back to the store I see the employees with no hair net, scratching their hair and sweeping around the food. Then the manager asks again if I want another Mac and cheese. I just walked out.I had a great experience here recently. It s a typical BBQ atmosphere from the decor to the chalkboard menu. I had the pulled pork melt with cheese fries. Let me tell you I was so excited by the juicy tenderness of the meat. I had melted cheese and perfectly grilled onions on top. They have delicious sauces and great french fries as well. I can't wait to try their Wednesday special--50 cent wings.Service is horrible, even with the owner standing right there...  Took several minutes and a phone order before any eye contact was made.  Don't bother.I've been here many times.I've ordered alot off there menu from wings to ribs pulled pork ect..my favorite that they have is the pulled pork sandwich with loaded Fry's although the samich needs more sauce. it comes with regular frys..the ribs are good I prefer the wet ribs to dry rubbed ribs but you can get half and half if you like..I haven't tried breakfast yet but when I do ill add that...keep up the good work.Today I placed an order for pickup. I ordered a pulled pork melt sandwich with a side of cheese fries and Mac and cheese. The order was ready promptly when I arrived. When I got home and opened it I saw they had gotten my order wrong, instead of a melt (which would have included pepper jack cheese and fried onions) it was plain... It was still a good sandwich but not what I wanted, plus I paid for the extra toppings so that's kind of annoying... The Mac and cheese and cheese fries were good. The melt was written on the receipt so no idea where the communication issue lies. Probably won't come back.Went for Sunday Lunch/Dinner. Had a Groupon and it was our first time here. Not really a restaurant, as you order and pay at the register and they bring it to your table. There are a 4 wooden picnic tables and 3 high top  tables for 2. Picnic table we sat at was sticky, not sure if dirt or possibly varnish, but a paper towel put down was still stuck to table when we left. At least pieces of it were still stuck after we took it up. We got the ribs and brunt ends platters. I ordered the ribs 1/2 sauce and and 1/2 dry rub. Didn't care for the rub and that was easily removed. Ribs were some of the best I've ever had. Tender. smoky and just falling off the bones. Side of baked beans tasted much better than they looked. Mac and cheese wasn't even eatable. Brunt ends were like nothing I've ever seem before. Little squares of meat with dry rub sprinkled over the top. The were so dry. Sauce helped but they had no flavor. Cornbread that came with meals was okay. Too cakey for my taste but good flavor. I would come here again only if I was getting take-out. Prices seem on the higjh end, but I feel the ribs at least were worth every penny.So I used to order from these guys occasionally and the food was awesome (see my first review).
However I ordered from them a couple of days ago through a competitor app and the ETA for my food was 1 hr. It took 1 hour and 40 minutes for my food to get to me (after I had to reach out to customer service through the app) and they sent me the coldest, saltiest burger I've ever had in my life coupled with the driest chicken wings that I've ever had the displeasure of tasting. I couldn't finish either item and it truly was money wasted. I'm so disappointed because I loved to order from them as a treat, but it's clear that the quality of their food and customer service has diminished, so I won't be ordering from them again.This has to be one of the most welcoming restaurants in Pennsylvania. We first came here yesterday night, but I didn't order anything because I had eaten prior to coming. I could tell the food was delicious because the friends I came with were licking their fingers! Ednita, lovely lady, told us to come the following night so we did! I ordered the Beef Barbecue Ribs with 2 sides, grilled corn and cole slaw. Let me tell you one thing, I'm a picky eater, especially when it comes to BBQ, but this meal was just right!  The beef is cooked perfectly over night so when you have it served, it tastes perfect. The food is great, the staff is super welcoming and attentive, and the price is just right. Hope they open one of these in Los Angeles so we can have a piece of authentic Philly food in Southern California.I love some fat jacks on the BVLD, I got myself a half rack platter and started heading to see a friend out in Buckingham. On my way to Bucking ham I was in a major car accident and wrecked my car, food and all. Even told the police and EMS I had some Fat Jacks I was planning on eating. Today I went to my car to empty out my personal items and the 1/2 rack of ribs, mac and cheese, fries everything was devoured by raccoons since my window was down during the accident. I love fat Jacks but missed out last Friday. It was a bad night for me and I hope to be back again.Had an amazing brisket sandwich with cheese fries. Better than all of the brisket I had while living in Houston for a year, and the prices are reasonable. I think it was around 11 bucks for the brisket sandwich, cheese fries and a coke. Plenty of brisket and cheese fries, well worth the price. I look forward to trying lots of things on their menu!My husband and I ordered beef ribs, barbecue chicken breast and greens.  The food was tasty, hot and satisfying.  We had the food delivered to our house and it came hot and savory.  We really loved the greens. The beef ribs were tender and scrumptious. The barbecue chicken breast (boneless) was juicy and the wet bbq sauce had a nice twang of sweet and spice to it.  We really enjoyed our dinner.Alrighty, I work just down the street from this place, but what really brought me in this place was the smoker in the parking lot. Makes me happy to see such things. Anyway, I ordered the Georgia pulled pork which is a dry rub with mustard and slaw. Very tasty and original. I also got the fried pickles, which didn't impress me all that much but that's ok. Seems like they know what they're doing, definitely planning on picking something else out on the menu next time.Never had a bad meal at Jacks.  
My usual is the Texas twister.  Skip the cup cheese its just melted American cheese.
Do not under any circumstances have it delivered. 
Also if they say 20 minutes expect it to be 30WOW...great BBQ...had the combo plate w/ pulled pork & brisket w/ side of bubbas mac n cheese...some of the best BBQ I have ever had...visiting Philly and found this place on google...not really in Philly though...took me like 20 minutes to finally find it,stupid garmin navigation said it was where a kraft plant is...worth the trip even if you have to hitch hike...and cheap to boot...2 people ate till we wanted to explode for $26...DEFINITLY check them out!I have been wanting to try this place for a little while and it wasn't a so-so experience. I went there with my girlfriend and we were immediately greeted by a lovely lady in the front. I know some people have knocked the service here, but I thought it was fantastic. Everyone seemed to have a smile on there face and they were very interactive. Now for the food.
I ordered pulled pork, burnt end, mac and cheese and the potato salad. My girlfriend had ordered the Alabama Slammin' Chicken Sandwich. The order came out in an appropriate amount of time, so again I know some people knocked the time, but I didn't think it took too long for bbq. I was a little nervous when looking at my burnt ends, because they were COVERED in seasoning. My intuition served me right, because the saltiness of the burnt ends was overwhelming, I could only make it through 2 of them. The pulled port had some good flavor to it, but was a tad dry. I had added bbq sauce to the pork, but the sauce tasted like it was fermented. I know that doesn't make much sense since its bbq sauce, but that's just my opinion. The other two, hotter sauces were not bad at all though. The mac and cheese was okay, just not the best I've had, but it was cheesy for sure. The potato salad was AWESOME! It tasted incredibly fresh and was delicious. So in a nutshell, the meal was sub par, the saltiness of the burnt ends was too much for me to handle and I think that threw everything off. 
As for the Alabama Slammin', I though the sandwich was full of flavor! I can't say that it brought me back to the great state of Alabama, but I can't confirm nor deny that I hollered out "Roll Tide" when I took a bite. If I had to order over, I think I would go with the sandwich. When looking at the menu, the description of the sandwiches literally had my mouth watering, but being that it was my first time there, I wanted to go basic bbq. I will most likely go back to Fat Jacks and give it another shot, but I will be sure to order a sandwich next time. 
Overall, if you are in the area, definitley give it a shot!Food is always good. tonight tried to order and was told they're out of cole slaw.......Hmmmm I said......she (moron) said it sells. Duh. Maybe they could make more. So pissed I hung up and my wife called. 
They always seem to hire dopes!Been here four or 5 times and never been disappointed.  Try the grilled BBQ chix breast sandwich and the pulled pork.  Their smashed potatoes are a thing of beauty also.  Some of the guys at work have had the half chicken, the chili, and the brisket.  
Nary a bad meal to be had.   I don't know if this guy makes his own sauce; he has 3 or 4 variations ie: mild, hot, etc., I usually get the mild, it isn't like any other I have tasted; very good and not too sweet.The food in and of itself isn't the worst, but when I go out to spend money on food I want good or great, not eh it's alright. The service is about the same, just alright. When you put 2 stars on Yelp it says at the top next to the stars "Meh. I've experienced better". Literally could not sum it up any better than that, it is simply just meh.I love this place!  Fat Jack's has great burgers and meats. The twisted burger is amazing.  The corn bread is delicious!  The place isn't that big, and can get noisy if there's other small groups. The food is similar to famous Dave's which is down the Boulevard but has a more authentic taste. Just don't go in every week or even every 2 because your waistline will definitely begin to expand from the greasy, delicious bbq food. We've ordered out and have eaten in and will definitely be coming back. Also for people looking for a deal, Groupon has fat Jack's deals at times.My first time here today. Ordered The two meat combo: burnt ends and pulled pork with two sides: baked beans and coleslaw and a fountain drink. Kind of pricey... $21.15. The meat was good. Very lean, not greasy or fatty. Not a big fan of the beans. Kind of watery. I really liked the choice of three barbecue sauce bottles on the table - - one was very spicy! Love that! I really like Mission Barbecue up the street, but fat Jack's is also pretty good. Only my first time here, I'll come back. Although what I ordered was kind of expensive, there are many lunch specials that are more reasonably priced. 
I'll be back.I only get the wings from here which are good and tasty whoever you never know what size that will be delivered. I've learned that on Wednesdays they have .50 wings so the wings are tiny so i stay away on Wednesdays. But this past weekend we ordered wings on Sunday for a gathering and they were so tiny with hardly any meat on them it was like dipping a bone in blue cheese. We were embarrassed!Not good,not good at all. Had the full rack with two sides. The ribs were not very tender and actually too chewy. Sides of Mac and cheese and loaded mash were good, but I'm not paying $30 for the sides; I was paying for ribs and these did not fit the bill.(3.5) ~ Good overall food & service.  NOTE:  My one wish would be to earn Fat Jack Reward Points at ALL the Fat Jack locations...apparently their computer systems aren't connected yet???
OUR MENU:
** Sweet Potato Pie = (4) very good
* St. Louis Ribs (dry rub) = (3.5) good
* Mild & Hot BBQ Sauce = (3.5) good
* Mac-n-Cheese = (3.5) good
* Grilled Corn on Cob = (3.5) good
* Pecan Pie = (3.5) good
* Corn Bread = (3) okLove the mac & cheese, and the notorious P.I.G. is incredible!We are on vacation here in PA and we are not familiar with the place so we looked for restaurands who deliver, we just tried to pick any bbq places and we stumbled upon Fat Jacks bbq. We tried the full slab with 2 sides and chicken wings, and oh boy we were so full... Great food!I've been here plenty of times...I really like their Twister sandwich...but a couple of things stand out over the last couple of times I've been there compared to the past.
1) Inconsistent quality/quantity. The food always tastes good, however, sometimes you get a pile of meat and other times you get some meat. Sometimes you get a pile of fries, but sometimes you get a few. A couple of times ago they didn't even put the pulled pork on my Twister sandwich and I had to go ask for it.
2) The restaurant just feels a bit dirty...in fact, in all the times I've been there i'm not sure I've ever seen anyone out cleaning and wiping down the tables.
So it remains, they have good food but a couple of things to work on.Ordered takeout food was okay. Some enjoyable and others were eh... Ordered the Squeal meal and they were out of beef brisket which was disappointing. The chicken was ok a little too plain and mediocre tasted better with the BBQ sauce. Ribs were not good at all to me. Very tasteless, dry, and not meaty. Kielbasa was very good but its kinda hard to mess that one up, had a good smoked flavor to it. I enjoyed some of the sides.. Like the greens & cornbread. Red beans and rice was okay but little watery and tasted the chicken broth flavor in it. Overall I can say I wasn't very impressed. They have a great selection of food but the quality should be improved especially with the high prices. If I'd go back I'd probably try out the specialty sandwiches but as far as BBQ I'd pick Sweet Lucy's anytime over this spot.I have gotten food here a few. Times the food is ok, but the service is very poor. 
DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY. They consistently quote you 45 to an hour and take atleast 2 hours to deliver. When you call they have no clue where your food is and it is consistently delivered cold.
I like bbq food, but unfortunately due to the continuing poor service I cannot give this establishment my business.Love Fat Jacks! My fiancée and I order from here on a regular basis. The food is consistently delicious. I usually go for the notorious PIG or the Memphis mauler.Best BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger i have ever had! Wings were really good too. We didn't care for the corn(was not sweet) or the Mac&Cheese (kinda dry) but everything else was really good! Also was very affordable and pretty fast service!If you're in the mood for barbecue or any good food I recommend you should come to fat Jack's barbecueTried this location because I've visited the Jenkintown location. Which isn't terrible. This location? Total crap. Inept staff serving total garbage. How is it possible to serve worse food than your newer location? How is it for the 30 minutes I waited for my mediocre sandwich I watched their delivery driver walk around like an idiot trying to figure out directions? Seriously? The bag of food he was supposed to deliver was sitting there when I walked in. Still there half hour later when I finally walked out with my crappy sandwich. Hey, Fat Jack. Clear house and buy your next delivery driver a GPS.Omg, worst BBQ I've had ...everything we ordered was bitter - ribs, brisket, pulled chicken, sausage ...even the rice n beans was tasteless ...ugh!Groupon offered a deal  $50,00 food voucher for $29.00,  The food staff was friendly and the food was delicious, The beef ribs and chicken were juicy and tender. Mac and Cheese. baked beans were like home cooked. Will be going back for other meals.I really enjoy the dry rub on the ribs. Good pulled pork. Typical southern side orders. A bit overpriced but good for the occasional night of BBQ. Better than alot of other places and its local for us.Very good carolina BBQ, worth a stop i had the fat jacks tripple play, very good, will be backwent on 4/30/2016 I order the chicken and rib combo  the meat was very nasty dry and all the way burnt!!!!!! I was very disappointed and should have check my meal before I got home, it was so burnt you could not even eat this disgusting meat the cornbread not good taste like a process jiffy cornbread with lots of sugar and the  coleslaw was the only good thing. I was so mad I called the manager when I got home she offered to get me new ribs but you have too understand if you mess up the meat to point were it is impossible to eat  I will never ever come back to this place not even for free . the only reason I went here was because I try the chicken 2 years ago and it was not like this maybe they have a new cook but the food was nasty dry and burnt.  I told them to put sauce on side and they did not give me any sauce kind of glad because now I know how disgusting the meat was. I am just being honest so don't get mad with messenger just do better remember you cannot just give people any kind  of food we are not animals that will eat anything!!!!!!!I was curious when I drove past Fat Jack's BBQ this morning and made a mental note to stop in for dinner since I am in town on business. I was pleasantly surprised by the unbelievable tender and smoky Texas style brisket with the hot BBQ sauce which had the right amount of heat. The coleslaw was okay. Service was fast and the staff was friendly.i would rate this place higher as the food is pretty good i usually get the twister but the service here is hit or miss, last time i was in i got the twister to go because 
 they were a little busy there were 2 people ahead of me waiting for take out that seemed like they were waiting for awhile when i arrived, people that came in after me got their food before any of the take outs were ready after awhile they asked me what i was waiting for told them they said ok it should be out in a few, 5 mins later they asked again what i was waiting for told them again clearly frustrated i asked if it was ready if not i would just take my money back only then did i finally get my order. i would say it was easily at least 30 mins. i understand things get backed up but when  orders come out of order it just says poor kitchen managementWe waited over 3 hours to get our delivery when we only live 2 miles away. I called the restaurant twice and each time was told delivery will be there in next few minutes. Once the food arrived everything was ice cold. Half of it was spilled out of the containers in the bag. Most of the food tasted like a whole pint of salt was poured on it. I ordered their "burger" but I have no idea what kind of animal they made it out of. It was absolutely horrible. Looked and tasted like rubber. We've ordered from her before and had good experiences. But this time was by far the worst ! I will never spend another dollar at this establishment !The Ribs are the best I've ever had, that includes, NC, TX, & KC. I get dry rub and mix my own BBQ sauce from the great slection on each table. Try the fried corn, Collard Greens, and BBQ beans, but I've had al the sides and they'll all great.
I've been going to Fat Jacks when they we're in Clementon NJ and followed them to Rsvlt Blvd in Philly. Can't beat the quality fir the price. Please keep smokin Fat Jack!Went here with a buddy a few days ago.  First off, the service was terrible.  We ordered at the exact same time with the exact same order.  His food comes out right away and mine came out almost 17 minutes later.  The place wasn't even busy.  We both had the ribs and brisket with mac & cheese and beans.  Oh wait... 22.00 for 1/2 slab of ribs and four pieces of brisket and the two sides!  The sides are awful, I wouldn't even give it to a homeless person.  We watched the cooks in the back heat the sides up in the microwave.  The mac and cheese is the worst I've had in my life (no joke).  The brisket was terrible (fatty, chewy, not much flavor).  The ribs were just ok - nothing special.  The sauces on the table were good if you like trying bottles without labels.  It's a complete guessing game.  Get this - even the fountain soda machine was terrible.  I went back to it three times and each selection was awful.  Will never come back to this place.  Do yourself a favor, go to Famous Dave's or the best BBQ joint in Northeast Philadelphia - Sweet Lucy's.Didn't realize the place had changed names and ownership. The brisket was tough dry and chewy. The chicken was cold to the touch. The end of the slab of ribs were cardboard. The collards were bad and salty and the slaw was too mayo-ee.First off, I don't have any complaints about the food.  We ordered catering for our holiday party which included pulled pork & chicken, mashed potatoes, mac & cheese, cole slaw, mac salad, different types of wings, and a tossed salad.
Now for the saga.  Delivery was set for 11:45 am and it didn't arrive until 1pm. ONE O'CLOCK. I was also told that the tossed salad and mac salad was not included in the order since they 'ran out'.  Really? The multiple times I called, the woman I spoke with was very nice.  She offered excuses, etc,  but it still did not stop the food from being over an hour late.
To soften the blow they offered us 20% off and adjusted the delivery charge- which they should have removed altogether since they failed miserably.  The very nice woman called two days later seeing how the food was (everyone enjoyed it) and to apologize again.  She offered us a tray of pulled chicken and rolls for us for the next week to make up for it.  Great!  Except, delivery was 11:30am and its after 12 now and still not here.
In conclusion, everyone thoroughly enjoyed the food.  Customer service and delivery is horrible. Beyond horrible.  I'd like to give 3 stars....but I just can't believe they are late in delivering their apology.HELL YES!!!!!
I had never been to this place. That little strip at Red Lion & The Blvd. always struck me as odd. 
Diamond in the Rough people!!!
Real smoked BBQ! I lived in the south, this place can hold it's own. Tasty food, fair prices for good portions!! You WILL be full!!! A drink machine with lots of different flavored sodas and combos! CLEAN!!! CLEAN!!! Friendly staff!! Drag racing was on the tele which was shocking to me because nobody ever seems to know it exists anymore.
And the best part, BLUES MUSIC BLARING!!! I don't know if it's always like that, but today it was. There are 2 "blues bars" in the city, and for the most part, I don't like them. I find them to boring, even with live music. It seems like it's all the same sounding watered down been there, heard that crap. This place had REAL blues playing. Deep cuts and names you don't normally hear unless someone hips you to them.
The Northeast has got a real winner here. If you're going up or down the Boulevard and you get hungry, stop into this place ASAP. Make a road trip out of it. I've yet to find a decent BBQ place in the city that wasn't overpriced. Search over. Repeat customer!!